 "Stop, stop, stop." The lights dim and Veronica takes the stage. "You need to stick with the original blocking, Erin. All right? We have discussed this over and over again. Please stick to what we have talked about." 

"Yes, ma'am," Erin whispers. She assumes her previous position and the music resumes. She twirls around stage, meets Brendan's eyes, twirls, leaps into his arms, and falls on her ass on stage left. 'Damn it,' she thinks to herself. 

"Shit, Erin. Jesus H. Christ. God fucking damn it. We have a show in one week and you are still not prepared. What the hell is up?" Veronica demands. 

"Nothing," Erin mumbles. 

"Whatever it is, you better solve it in the next few minutes. We don't have all day." She stares at Erin, though her gaze lingers a bit, but then she leaps offstage and into the audience. "Again. Once more from the same spot, please." 

The lights increase again. Erin is temporarily blinded, but it does not seem to matter. Her thoughts are on other matters at the moment. A flash of a short black skirt, boots, red lipstick. The thought makes her damp between her legs. Then, the music starts again. She assumes her previous position on the stage and the music resumes. She twirls around stage, meets Brendan's eyes, twirls, leaps into his arms, and lands perfectly on stage left. 

Veronica begins to clap. "Bravo, bravo. Now get the fuck out of here." The actors exit, followed by the musicians and techies. Erin sits on the edge of the stage, feet dangling over. Veronica cannot help but think about how beautiful she looks in that light. Her hair shimmers like her blue sparkly gown. A strand of her brown hair frames her face. Veronica reaches down to push it back behind her ear. Erin looks up suddenly. 

"Uh, hi..." she stammers, almost whispering

"Hey, listen, I am sorry I was so hard on you today at rehearsal."

Erin is silent and continues to swing her legs. 

Veronica continues. "I am just really stressed about opening night. You understand as well as I do. We've both been in this business an extremely long time. It is a stressful time in the production process, and people snap."

"Yes, but I am just sorry that things weren't working out today. I don't know what came over me. I just felt out-of-step for some reason, that's all."

"That's all right, Erin; it happens to all of us." She places her hand on top of Erin's. "It'll all turn out, in the end. How, I could not tell you. It's a mystery."

Erin smiles. "All right."

"Listen, you had better get on home and get some rest. We've got quite a week coming up for us, hmm?"

"Yes, ma'am. We sure do. Have a great night." Erin heads backstage to the exit while Veronica sits on the edge of the stage where Erin just left, chin in her hand, musing. 

*

II

Erin is just about to head out to her car when she remembers she needs to change out of her costume. She heads back to the costume room to discover everyone else is already gone. Well, she had spent quite a bit of time chatting it up with Veronica. She seemed really upset about the production. Erin had to admit things were not going as well as they could, or should, and felt slightly guilty for not performing at an optimum level this night. All she could hope for was this show to pull itself together by the time opening night rolled around. Hopefully Veronica would stop stressing about everything. 

Since everyone was gone and she does not have terribly much to rush home and do, Erin decides to adjust her costume. The dress is a little bit too long with her lower heels she wears. Erin is shorter, but not terribly short, with a slender figure. The dress is just a little bit long for her height. It is a blue evening gown with sequins and spaghetti straps. She hopes she can adjust the straps or do something else to fix the height. Unfortunately, she is not so inclined with dress adjustments and it easily frustrates her. She sits down in the large couch backstage to relax and think about alterations for a moment. In the next second, she is out like a light. 

Veronica just finished striking the set completely. She is angry that the damn techies did not do their job and just left without putting all the light trees away, but they are just kids, after all. The only way to really get the job done, and done well, is to do it herself, anyway. She knew that. She just had one more check, to make sure the costumes were all back and hung up and the door was locked. They should all be in there, but she wants to cover all bases. 

As she makes her way behind the curtain, she notices the costume room door wide open. She begins to get enraged and storms toward the door. As she stomps in, she sees Erin fast asleep on the couch. 

Erin is eighteen. She is by far the most talented actress Veronica has seen in a long time. Not only can she act, but she is quite pretty, in her own distinct way. She's more petite, little, cute, and Veronica recalls she looked damn good in that black dress, with her tight little butt...oh, but that was another thought completely that she could not let herself have. Well, she could let herself have it, but would never share it with anyone. She stands there at the door a minute and gazes adoringly at Erin, sleeping, unsuspecting. How she would like to kiss her cheek and rouse her from her slumber. 

Instead, she sits on the edge of the couch at her feet and gently pats Erin's leg. "Erin, Erin, you've got to get up."

Erin slowly rises from her dreams and gradually realizes where she is. "Oh..oh..oh! Oh, my gosh---I am so embarrassed. I am so sorry Veronica. I came back here to adjust my costume and I must have just fallen asleep or something. It has been such a long week with rehearsals, and final exams coming up in two weeks. I have been running on no energy whatsoever. And I guess I just fell asleep. My goodness, I am so sorry about this. I am sure you have to get home, and here I am sleeping and---"

Veronica places her finger to her lips. "Enough. It is all right, Erin, I understand completely. I have been running you and the cast ragged this week. It has been a difficult night for both of us. I apologize for it."

"Well, I knew it was going to be demanding when I auditioned for the role. Eloise is a demanding role."

Veronica remembered when she had auditioned for the role. She wore low-cut blue jeans and a red wrap-top that just exposed her navel. Besides that, her audition was magnificent. She was completely enthralled as she read, and imagined herself opposite Erin in the piece. It was a fantasy, all a fantasy, but one she had completely planned out in her head, that she one day wished to execute. "But you are perfect for the role. I should know. After all, I cast you."

"Well, thanks. I try as hard as I can." She blushed a bit at the compliment. Veronica was the best director an actress could ever work with. Not only was she incredibly friendly and nice, but she had a great sense of humor, though she tended to be pretty sarcastic and was, at times, offensive. Also, she was beautiful. In a strange way. Erin could not describe how she was beautiful. Maybe it was just she wished she looked like her. Not that she was attracted to her or anything. Not to girls. Oh no. She had dated Josh for two years, and Veronica was married. Or at least she wore a ring on her finger. 

She also did not know why she was focusing on trying to figure out Veronica's love life. She just did not know how she felt Veronica was beautiful. There was something about her. She radiated. It was indescribable beauty. 

Veronica was much taller than Erin, closer to six feet with a very strong build. Her long, dark auburn hair contrasted with her pale complexion. She was one of those women that you knew did not give a damn about what anyone else thought. One look at her, and you would know instantly she was a drama teacher. Her clothes rarely matched, and she often integrated bohemian scarves and vintage vests into her wardrobe. The clothes flowed, and made her appear to float out of another foreign land. She was Venus de Milo. She was womanly, incredibly womanly, and Erin wished she could know her better, deeper. Their eyes met and lingered just a bit longer than they had before. 

"You know, I really should be getting home. I have homework to do and stuff."

"Yes, I believe you have a lot to do. And I better get home to...my cat...Well, I am not so anxious to get home. I think I might stay around here for a bit and work out the blocking for Act 3. You cannot deny we have had major problems with it the past few days."

"Oh, I wish you wouldn't stay here at school still. You're so tired. You put yourself into your work so much and never stop. You need to relax, Veronica."

"Yes, but it is not that easy. I have a lot of responsibilities. I cannot simply abandon them."

"I am not saying to abandon them. Just take a break." Erin sits up and looks intently at Veronica.

"And how do I do that?"

Without thinking, Erin leans forward and grabs Veronica's hands. "You need to learn how to play a bit more. All work, no play is not a way to live."

"Me play? Girls my age don't exactly go out for recess."

"Well, yeah I know. But you need to learn how to enjoy yourself. Play adult games."

"Trivial Pursuit? I have no one to play board games with, nor do I have the time. When you get old like me, you do not have the time to screw around. There is no time to play."

"You have to make the time."

"How do I do that? How do I 'play,' as you say?"

Erin looks down. "There are ways to play. I could show you how to have fun, if you'd let me."

Veronica massages Erin's hands with hers, and lifts them up to her mouth. She begins to kiss the tips of her fingers, running her lips over them, and then sliding a finger into her mouth. Erin helps her work it in, as she watches. Veronica grins. "Whatever do you propose?"

Erin squeezes Veronica's hands tighter, pulls her close to her chest, and plants her lips on top of hers. Suddenly, realizing what she has done, she pulls away, quickly. 

*

"Wow. I am so sorry. I don't know what came over me. I...I'm not generally like this. It's just been a long...I'm gonna go. Yeah. I am gonna go..."

"Wait." Veronica pauses. "Wait. You don't have to leave."

"I think I should. I just made an ass of myself. I am just really confused right now. I don't know what I was thinking."

"No, you didn't think, and that's what was so beautiful about what just happened." She looks intently at her and squeezes her hands. "I enjoyed that."

"Really?"

"Yes. I did. And you were right. I do need more fun in my life. It just took you to make me realize that."

Erin looks away. "Well, I am glad I could be of some service to you."

She pauses. "If you'd like, you could be of even more service to me. That is, depending on your schedule tonight."

"What do you mean, Ms. Rivera?"

"Oh, you don't fool me with your acting. You know damn well what I mean, and damn well what both you and I want and have been aching for. It just took tonight for us both to reveal our passions. I've seen how you look at me, and I am sure you have felt my eyes on you."

"Yes. And? What should we do about this?"

"Well, I've thought about this for a long, long time. You would not believe how many times I have re-played this in my mind, redid the blocking, the timing, the lights...oh, but none of that is important right now. I thought I wanted this all rehearsed, but really, I'd like it a bit more improvisational. Now, you're quite the improv queen, are you not?"

"I don't like to toot my own horn..."

"Enough. I'd like to propose a challenge. An...audition of sorts."

"Okay?"

"Do you remember the audition for this role? How demanding of an audition it was? The singing? The dancing? The cold reads? How many hoops you had to jump through to land to role of your dreams?"

"I remember it well."

"How would you like to audition once again for me?"

"I suppose that would be all right. But what am I auditioning for? More importantly, what do I have to do?"

"Well, first," she lifts Erin off the couch, "we are going to give you a costume change."

"Oh? What kind of costume?"

"My choice." Veronica scans the rack, and pushed the various costumes back and forth. A fairy, a queen, a dragon, a card, an egg, a jackrabbit, a Jew, a priest. Finally, she comes across the perfect outfit. She pulls the hanger out and holds it up for Erin to see.

"That? You want me to wear THAT?" Erin questions. 

"Why, of course." She glances again at the costume she had selected. It was a French maid costume, incredibly short, complete with fishnet stockings. She had no idea the school had purchased such sexy outfits for student productions. Nonetheless, she takes it as an act of God and grins. "Go put it on."

"All right, I'll be right back, Veronica."

"No!!!" Erin looks a bit stunned. "Uh, I mean, don't waste the time. You can change here. I mean, it's not like you have anything I haven't seen before!"

"Well, okay..." Erin agrees. She turns around so that her back is to her director, and pulls her dress over her head. Though incredibly nervous and self-conscious, she can feel Veronica's eyes on her back and can't help getting a bit turned on. She pauses for a second, and turns around, only wearing a bra and white cotton bikini panties. "Do I have to wear this?"

Veronica's jaw drops and for a second she is speechless. She did not know that Erin could suspect that she was staring at her gorgeous behind as she changed---but that she turned around, in near-nakedness---it was beyond her wildest dreams. "Well, I guess if you don't want to wear it, you don't have ---"

"Good, because I really feel more comfortable like this." She walks toward Veronica slowly and places her hands on her hips. "Unless, you feel uncomfortable with me dressed like this. I guess I didn't think about how this might make you feel..." She runs her hand up and down Veronica's back. 

Veronica barely utters, "Uh, no, that's just fine...fine..." All these thoughts fill her head, of being with a student, of never dreaming of revealing her passions to anyone, let alone the object of her desire. Rather than be guided by rules, responsibility, and that which fills her waking life, she yields to her passionate guiding force. She clears her throat. "Now, for the audition."

Erin removes her hands from Veronica's body. "Well, what all do I have to do in this audition? Sing? Dance? Recite a monologue?"

"Oh, no, nothing like that, I'm afraid...in fact, you really will not be able to refer to your acting skills."

"What will I refer to then?"

"Nothing, my dear. In fact, this is much more improvisational, like I said. You must listen closely to everything I say."

"Yes, ma'am, I will. But I was wondering something."

"What is that?"

"What am I exactly auditioning for?"

"For another very demanding role. Before even auditioning, think very carefully about your time commitments and whether you will have the energy. Though, if you are able to dedicate the time, this will be well-worth it."

"I can do it, I swear. Just tell me, what is the role?"

Veronica licks her lips. "My little slut."

*

"Scratch the whole costume idea. I don't want to even see you in a costume. Take everything off."

Erin, a bit nervous and taken aback by this blunt proposition, hesitates for a second, but after careful consideration, unclasps her bra, letting it fall to her feet. Her breasts are small, with petite nipples. They stand very erect. Next, she slides her panties slowly down her legs, revealing a closely trimmed, and rather glistening, cunt. 

"Very nice, slut. Now, I want you to undress me."

Erin walks over to her director and begins to unbutton her shirt. Within a second it is off, revealing a dark, lacy bra covering up a voluptuous bosom. She reaches around and unclasps it, pulling it off and down her arms. Next, she falls to her knees and unbuttons her slacks, sliding them down along with her underwear. As quickly as she can, she pulls them off of her feet. 

"Much more comfortable, I must say. You were right about losing the clothes, indeed. Now, for your next task...well...let me ask you a question first."

"Yes?"

"Have you ever been with a woman before?"

"No...I have not..."

"Oh, so you will be new at this. All the better. I must train you then, and believe me, I will train you well." She sits down on the couch and spreads her legs. "You're going to go down on me. That is to say, you are going to take that pretty delicate mouth of yours and devour my pussy. Got it?"

Erin looks hungrily at her mound. "Yes, ma'am. I understand."

"Well, get at it, then."

Erin gets on her knees in front of Veronica. She glances up at her, and she is looking anxiously to go on with the job. Daringly, she extends a finger and begins to rub her finger up and down the lips of the swollen pussy in front of her. 

"Oh yes." Veronica cannot help but already moan. That small finger, that delicate, untainted hand was rubbing up and down her lips, and this girl was completely at her will. What could be greater? "Keep going," she cooed. "Be brave."

With this encouragement, Erin gets a bit more audacious. She has never done this before, but she decides to do to Veronica what she does to herself to get pleasure. With one hand, she parts the swollen, dark lips, and with her index finger, runs her finger up and down the slit. Wetness is already seeping out all down Veronica's legs. Before thinking too much longer, Erin slides her finger inside of Veronica. She is so warm, and it is a strange sensation of feeling a strong woman tight around her little finger. Erin glances up at Veronica to be sure she is doing this all right, but Veronica's eyes are closed and she is somewhere else. Erin, without guidance, continues and assumes she is doing the right things. She begins to work this finger in and out, wiggling left and right and trying to explore all of her insides that she possibly can. She slides another finger in alongside so that it will feel tight around her once more. 

Her initial slow thrusts begin to get a bit more aggressive and deeper, coming at quicker intervals. With her other finger, she finds her clit and begins to rub it and pinch it a bit. As soon as she does this, she can feel cum all over her fingers inside of Veronica. As she continues to fuck her, the fluid sloshes. Something comes over Erin, perhaps the aroma, and she lowers her head so that she is just over Veronica's clit. She kisses it very gently at first. She then flicks her tongue at it, teasingly, and begins to suck on it up and down. This, combined with her hand moving in and out of her, causes Veronica's hips to involuntarily buck up and down. Knowing she is pretty close to orgasm, Erin pulls out of her. She is ready for her first taste of a woman. 

She lowers her head so that it is between Veronica's legs. She kisses her inner thighs, licking in upward strokes to taste all the fluid that has escaped down them. She gets closer and closer to the prize until at last she is worshiping at her altar. The aroma is strange, but at the same time familiar: musky, full of desire and necessity. She is more than ready for a sample. She blows just over her pussy, and places her lips onto Veronica's. The initial sensation is almost enough to send both of them over the edge. Erin spreads her lips with one hand and then begins to shove her tongue inside where her fingers just were. 

"Wait a second, dearest," Veronica interrupts. She moves so that her bottom is at the edge of the couch, and places her legs over both of Erin's shoulders. "There, that should do the trick."

Erin reinserts her tongue and begins to work it in and out, while grabbing and squeezing Veronica's behind. Once inside, she begins to probe around and explore all of Veronica's cunt. She licks her tongue back toward her, and feels the rough contours against her tongue. To explore the sides, she moves her tongue left and right very quickly, while her left hand returns to squeezing Veronica's clit. 
