 I grew up on a farm where the nearest neighbor was a mile away. My dad was very religious and conservative in his thinking. He was a real control freak and wouldn't let me date until my senior year in high school. My best friend Jane, who lived in town, was on the volleyball team with me. In my junior year, we had a night game in a town fifty miles away from ours. Since I knew we'd get back in town late, I asked my dad if it was okay for me to go straight over to Jane's house and spend the night. After much cajoling, he relented.

Jane lived in a large house two blocks from the school. Her bedroom was on the second floor next to the stairs, and her parents slept in the room at the opposite end of the hallway. As we were getting ready for bed, we began talking about what it would be like to kiss a boy and letting him caress our breasts. Since neither of us had ever dated, the only thing we knew about it was what Jane's older sister use to tell us. We could only imagine. We finally went to bed after having a snack and chatting. Her parents were already asleep since they had to get up early the next morning. Jane had a double bed and we laid there in our T-shirts talking about boys. Before long, we were both very excited.

Jane was a little taller then me and had much bigger breasts. I was a little envious since I was a late bloomer. She gave me a strange smile and told me to close my eyes. I did so, not quite sure what to expect. Suddenly, her soft lips gently brushed mine in a slow kiss.

I started to open my eyes but she told me to keep them closed and pretend that she was Mark, a boy we both had a crush on at school.

I could feel my heart beating. Something was stirring inside me.

I nodded once, letting her know it was okay. The next thing I knew, we were French kissing and our tongues were touching. I could feel an excitement deep within me that I had never felt before. As our lips parted, we realized we were both flushed.

Jane looked at me straight in the eyes. "Now it's your turn to be Mark," she said.

Nervously, I put my hand on her breast and began to caress it tenderly. I cradled it, feeling her fullness under my fingertips. I sensed a shudder going through her and could tell she was really enjoying this. After a few moments she pulled her shirt up and gently put my hand back on her breast. I started teasing her nipple, and felt my heartbeat accelerate as it got harder and harder.

"Suck it," she whispered.

I leaned over and started playing with it with my tongue.

She reached over and pulled my shirt up over my head and then took hers off. We lay there nude on our sides and slowly put our arms around each other. As we hugged, our lips met once again and our hands began to roam. Her hand slid down across my butt and caressed my cheeks. Her fingers slowly moved closer and closer to my pussy. Before I knew it she was lightly stroking my outer lips and I felt my body shudder.

I had never had feelings like these before. My whole body was getting warmer. Jane knew how excited I was because suddenly I was gasping for breath and she had to pull back. She just looked at me and smiled. I didn't know what to do. I was embarrassed and a little scared.

Jane gently pushed me on my back and started sucking on my nipple. Soon she was gently biting it, and every time she did, a jolt shot through my whole body. With her hand, she slowly pushed my legs apart and her fingers started moving up and down on my pussy lips. She kept teasing until a finger began slipping inside. Just as she pressed it all the way in, she bit down on my nipple again. My whole body gave a jerk and I felt an explosion inside me.

I yelled, "OH GOD" so loud we were suddenly afraid her parents would wake up. I did not realize it then, but this was the first real orgasm of my life. I lay there shaking and she put a gentle hand over my mouth so I wouldn't make anymore noise.

As the climax subsided, Jane started giggling. As overwhelmed as I was, I couldn't help myself... and started laughing along with her.

After a few moments we calmed down. Jane was looking at me again, but this time her smile was less playful.

"Now it's your turn," she murmured.

I looked at her and whispered, "I don't know what to do."

She said, "It's easy," as she placed my hand down between her legs. "I'll guide you".

She opened her legs and I began gently rubbing the inside of her thighs. My fingers brushed against her pubic area and she whispered "Yesss."

Soon my finger was inside her going up and down as I rested my head on her stomach and let my finger sink deeper inside her.

She let out a low moan and put her hand on my head and started playing with my hair. "Use two fingers," she whispered. I slid another in and began working them around. She began pushing her hips against them and started gently moving my head down lower. My fingers were getting coated with her juices and I could smell her intoxicating scent. I was getting turned on again and instead of being repelled by the smell, I felt more and more drawn to it. My head went lower and lower until I was just inches away.

"Taste it," she whispered.

I looked up at her and said, "I... don't know." I wanted to taste it... yet part of me was holding back.

"Go ahead, just try it."   

I slid my fingers out, brought them up to my lips, stuck my tongue out and lightly licked them. The taste wasn't as strong as I thought it would be. It was very different than I had expected. I licked them again a little harder and then slipped them into my mouth. I looked up at Jane and she was smiling. I put my fingers up against her lips and she sucked them, running her tongue around them. I pulled them out of her mouth and slid them back inside her pussy, moving them around to coat as much juices as I could on them. Then, I put them back in her mouth and she sucked and licked them like it was her favorite ice cream.

I moved my head down between her legs and let my tongue slide up inside her. I started gently licking her up and down, each time going deeper and deeper. Soon my whole mouth was covered with her juices and she was thrusting her hips at me, while her soft moans urged me on... "Yes, yes, deeper, ooooh Sandy."

My heart was pounding and suddenly I couldn't breathe. I lifted my head up and came around and pressed my lips against hers. Our mouths opened, and our tongues met in a frenzy of licking and sucking. When we finally parted Jane told me to lie down on my back. She then turned around and straddled me putting her head down between my legs and her beautiful butt just inches from my face.

We both started licking each other. I followed her lead and whatever she did to me I did to her. I put my hands on her cheeks and opened her up as wide as possible thrusting my tongue in as deep as I could and then coming up and sucking on her clit. I could feel my orgasm building up deep inside me. My whole body felt like it was going to explode...

I erupted like a volcano. I was shaking as I pulled my head back gasping for air. Jane let out a sigh and relaxed, letting her body drop down on me. After a few minutes she climbed off and lay down beside me. We didn't say anything for a while. All I could taste and smell was Jane. I reached over and took her hand and gave it a light squeeze. She looked over and smiled.

I have never felt as close to anyone in my life as I did at that moment. 

Reader's comments are appreciated. Thank you for reading.

Sandy