 It was a mattress commercial, an expensive technologically advanced mattress that utilized compressed air rather than metal springs for support. A couple lay on the bed, asleep. I could not take my eyes off the woman. Her pale pink satiny gown clung to the curves of her body. Her breasts fascinated me. Even lying on her back, they were large, full, and round. Always having had rather small breasts, I have always envied those women who didn't and I always longed to handle them, to press my face into them and caress them with my lips.

I called the 800 number. I had to find this woman. I told the operator I was an acting manager and was curious about the woman in the ad. She was obviously young, because I was able to bully her into divulging that the actress lived nearby. With this information, I hit the Internet. 1410 Sparrow Circle. That was just on the other side of town! And her name was Sharon.

When I found the house, I simply watched it for many days. She was married, her husband frequently away on business. She had no children, thankfully. I would have abandoned the quest right there. I don't meddle with people who have kids. She was predominantly a housewife who acted and modeled occasionally when she was bored or wanted a little extra cash. Not that she wanted for anything, except maybe affection. Her hubby was a lawyer type and obviously made plenty of money but had little time. Perfect. I began to plan my visit.

Three weeks after I found Sharon's home, I stood on her front porch in a cornflower blue suit. A creme silk blouse fluttered beneath the tailored jacket and the knee-length skirt appeared conservative until I opened my stride to reveal a thigh-high slit on the left side. Strappy creme heels completed the outfit. I twisted a strand of my thick brown hair as I pressed the doorbell.

"Avon lady!" I said brightly as she answered the door.

"No thank you", she answered politely, but guardedly. "I don't need anything right now."

"Would you accept a free makeover? We have some new colors that would be gorgeous on that golden complexion." Her light tan and pink cheeks glowed. A sudden dampness appeared between my legs as my eyes flicked to the bosom curving softly out of the loose white tank top she wore. Her lips curled into a smile.

"All right", she said. "Come in." She led me into a tastefully furnished living room. The floor was covered in soft, fluffy sheepskin. How good it would feel on my naked body with her silken gold hair tickling me as I held her head with my thighs. 

"This will be perfect. Sunlight is always best when applying make-up. You sit in this chair. Do you mind if I pull up this footstool? Excellent! Now, let's have a look at you. Mm-hmm, you're a spring." I kept up a cheery chatter as she settled into an expensive, antique Queen Anne chair and drew her shiny hair into a loose bun, exposing the delicate curve of her neck. My mouth watered. How I wanted to taste the smooth skin of that neck, to twine that hair around my fingers! How I wanted her. I watched her lick her lips. She seemed as nervous as I felt. When my chattering fell silent so that I could concentrate on applying a smooth coat of foundation, she cleared her throat. I paused so she could speak.

"You need to be out of here in two hours. My husband will be home and he doesn't like it when I have strangers in the house. "

"No worries. I'm very good at what I do. This shouldn't take any time at all." We both fell silent for a while as I worked on her lovely face, smoothing out the tiny imperfections with my delicate fingers and accentuating her high cheekbones, large eyes, fine brow. At last I came to her luscious lips. When I drew out my pale nude lipsticks, she drew back.

"None of those, please", she said. "They get all over my clothes when I wear them and my husband doesn't like me to look messy."

"Oh honey, not to worry. These won't even kiss off", I assured her.

"That's what they all say."

"I'll prove it." I applied the color to my own lips, smacked them together, and puckered up. "Now, pretend I'm your husband. Kiss me. Kiss me like you haven't seen me for a month." She looked at me in surprise.

"You're a woman! And besides, I'm married!" I could see the blush reddening her cheeks beneath the light layer of make-up I had applied (that she didn't need). She was thinking about it.

"Oh, don't be silly. It doesn't mean anything. You don't think this stuff will stay and this is the best way to prove it to you." She toyed with a strand of her rich hair, biting her lip. So womanly she was, and yet so childlike. I knew already that her husband was the boss in the relationship and she believed herself to be little without him. I re-crossed my legs and squeezed my thighs together to relieve a little of the pressure. "Okay, I believe you," she said finally.

The little girlness of her expression made me a little angry. Taking a deep breath, I said "Are you afraid you'll like it?" My anger made my voice deep and I was speaking slowly in order to calm myself. She glanced up at me in surprise, her eyes a little wide, her mouth a little open. Her lower lip quivered slightly. She was terrified of me! Or perhaps terrified of what I represented.

I was so turned on. What a frail little thing she was, despite her ripe woman's body. She shook her head slowly, carefully, fearing to annoy me further. "No! I mean, I know I am not attracted to women. You're obviously lovely, I mean, I can see that, but it's not, girls I can't kiss-". I grabbed her hair and kissed her. I couldn't help it. Her silly childish prattle irritated me and I wanted to show her how wrong she was. When I pulled away, I held her head in place by her hair and applied lipstick, not a pale beige, but a flaming whore's red that smeared on everything. If she thought it looked messy I would make sure it did. The muscles in her neck were absolutely rigid with shock and indignation, but she didn't dare pull away. She looked like a petrified little girl. I softened.

"Oh honey, I'm sorry," I said gently, stroking her face and brushing back stray locks of hair. "That's not how I wanted it to be. Women shouldn't treat each other like that. That's what men do. Will you let me show you how women can be?" I continued to caress her face with one hand, but I held her hand with the other, running my thumb lightly over the smooth back.

She stiffened, pulling her hand away and standing up. Her law was clenched and I could see the cords in her neck standing out a little. Goddamn, she was beautiful. "No," she said firmly. "Get out of my house. I can't believe this!" Her voice faltered a little at the end.

"All right," I said softly. I began to gather my things. Neither of us spoke. As I passed Sharon to go to the front door, I made a decision that I have never regretted. I reached out and caressed her firm right breast. The nipple was hard and erect. She was as excited as I was! I dropped my cosmetic case and grabbed her by the arms, pressing her against a wall. I kissed her hard, my knee between her thighs, my fingers running down her arms lightly. I felt her delicious body respond, her lips parting to allow my tongue to enter into her mouth. I have a very long, pointed tongue and I ran it all over her teeth and gums, twisting it with hers and pushing it down. She pushed back, her arms encircling my waist to draw me closer. She was an incredible kisser, lips soft and warm, tongue strong and insistent. I placed my palms on the small of her back, under her white tank top. I ran my fingers in little circles across her spine, up between her shoulder blades and down to just under the elastic hem of her gray sweat pants. My fingertips brushed the upper swell of her firm buttocks and I noticed with glee that she was lacking any undergarments. I already knew she was braless. Her pointed nipples were easily apparent through the thin fabric of the shirt. At each pass, I let my hands go further and linger longer down the back of her pants. Suddenly I grabbed her ass in both hands and pulled her pelvis against me, grinding my knee into her crotch. It was hot and damp and she gasped, trying to pull away. I allowed her to wriggle past the edge of the wall and followed her every move as she backed into the living room. As we stepped onto the sheepskin rug, I tripped her so that she fell onto her back. I went down with her, straddling her and kissing her again so she couldn't scream. Again, she resisted at first, but soon melted into my body, arching her back to me. I ran my hands up and down her sides, first over her shirt and then under, pushing it up under her armpits. Her breasts caught the edge of the shirt, barely any staying covered, the side swells falling out enough for me to stroke them ever so lightly. My kiss began to travel, along her jaw, across her ear, down the smooth lines of her neck. I lingered at the little hollow, flicking it ever so lightly with my tongue. I was torturing myself. Her tiny whimpers told me I was torturing her as well. Again the wild desire to take her now, all at once swept over me. Slowly, slowly, I told myself. Make it wonderful for her. Show her the true, pure, loving love women have for each other. Ever so softly, I lifted her top from over her lovely, lovely breasts, watching their creamy paleness spill from beneath it. She lifted her head for me so I could draw the shirt up and over and toss it away. We looked into each other's eyes, a deep look, searching, longing, and so lustful. Hesitantly, she reached for the buttons on my jacket. Almost there, she paused, so I took her hands and placed them over a button. Smiling a little, she averted her eyes and concentrated on slowly unbuttoning the large, blue buttons. When she was done, I shrugged out of it and placed her fingers on the buttons of my silk blouse. Again, she was hesitant, but I smiled warmly and she opened my blouse too, a little more teasingly this time, her fingertips brushing my nipples. I wore no bra either, of course. When my blouse hung loose and open, I leaned over again and kissed her gently on the lips. I followed the same path down her throat to the upper curve of her lush breasts. I kissed the tops of them, lifting each in my hands and dropping the kisses on them. A little sound escaped the pursed lips above me. Smiling to myself, I let my tongue flicker across them a little, traveling a little lower, then more. I was almost to her small, erect nipples. I drew wet circles around them, coming oh-so close and then backing off again.

I waited then she thrust out her chest, desperate for me to take a nipple into my mouth. So I did. I took it between my lips and suckled. I pushed it around in my mouth with my tongue. I nibbled it with my white teeth. My fingers mimicked the motions on her other nipple. Listening to her breathing quicken set my heart racing. My mouth and fingers switched places, then pulled away and looked at Sharon's exquisite face. It was suffused with ecstasy, her eyes closed, her lips parted. As I rose above her, she opened her eyes and looked at me, confused. A moment later, a naughty smile curled her lips and she grabbed me by the back of the neck and drew herself up to me. She kissed me, hard, fast, fierce. Her powerful tongue forced my mouth wide open, as she seemed to devour me.

As I had known, she had never been allowed to do what she wanted in bed, always simply there to please whatever man she was with. I know men. I have been with plenty. Some are kind and actually do pay attention to what a woman really wants, but most are just callous, demanding assholes, monopolizing most of the orgasms. It appears little Sharon is trapped with one of those. If she ever has had one with him, it was probably an accident. Well, she would have plenty this day, none of them by accident.

"You learn fast," I said coyly.

She scowled at me. "Don't talk," she said. "Just teach me." I chuckled and pushed her back onto her back. "Learn, then." My mouth found her neck again. I inhaled of her scent, her womanly scent, and sucked fiercely. Oh she was such a woman, a beautiful, wondrous creature of silken hair and creme skin. How glad I was to be one like her. I went down to her smooth breasts again, swirling my tongue around each nipple, nipping ever so gently. I held her breasts together in my hands and kissed both nipples together. She moaned and shifted beneath me. She wanted me to go lower. My tongue trailed along the bottom swell of her breasts, then in a line down to her navel, where it traversed in little circles, occasionally poking into the button. The tips of my fingers slipped under the elastic hem of her pants. Pulling slightly, I looked up at her again, gauging her desire. She watched me through half-slitted eyes, a blush on her cheeks. She opened her eyes when I paused to look at her. "What are you-" she began. I ripped the pants down her long, long legs, stripping them inside out over her feet. With a mighty heave, I grabbed her ankles and threw her legs open, wide open. She gasped, a shrill sound hissed out from between her teeth. I grinned lasciviously and lowered my head into her waiting wetness. The tip of my tongue just brushed the swollen point of her clitoris and she cried out again, this time more in pleasure than surprise. That note in her voice sent a fresh blast of heat through my own clitoris and I flexed my muscles spasmodically. Oh god, I would have to teach her how to give it back, too or I would go mad. With my thumb I brushed her clit gently back and forth, rolling the little nodule in tiny circles. Another squeak escaped her when I closed my lips on it and began to suck, moving my head back and forth to increase the stimulation. Slowly, her noises became louder and her hips began to rock back and forth. I slipped two long fingers into the dripping hole and applied upward pressure and she bucked violently, crying out. I felt her muscles tighten around my fingers as they moved faster and faster, my lips pulling on her clitoris. Higher she flew until her whole body gyrated with the powerful orgasm I was giving her. With a sudden, shrill scream, she flung her hips high into the air. I was flung off of her, onto my back. I propped myself up on my elbows.

She lay back, her eyes closed, panting. Her blue eyes opened, flickered, and then focused on me. She stared for a long, silent moment. She seemed not to believe what had just happened. Suddenly, she sprang at me. Had she not physically knocked me back, I would have fallen anyway in surprise. This was certainly more than I expected. She did indeed learn fast! Her hot, avid mouth found my breasts. She clutched at them hungrily, fumbling a little with my skirt. Finally, she flipped the flap open and her fingers found the desperate dampness between my sweat-slicked thighs. I had been waiting so long that I almost came at her tentative touch. I didn't, though, and she looked into my eyes questioningly. I nodded. Her mouth took the place of her fingers, her strong tongue flicking in and out of me faster than I would have thought possible. It was incredible, amazing, mind-blowing! This woman was a natural! All the repression she had experienced in her entire life was being thrown away in this moment of passion. Her mouth worked wonders on my throbbing clit, making it harder without detonating it. My breath came in ragged gasps as her fingers tickled the lips around my moist slit. She would slip the tip of one inside and then draw it back out just as quickly, driving me mad with lust before she finally thrust deeply into me. Again and again she thrust, her lithe tongue pushing and her sweet lips pulling my swollen nodule. I could feel it there there there!!! I shrieked out loud in my orgasm! Its powerful waves ripped through me, my back arched, my hands clawing desperately at the carpet. Then, we collapsed together on the soft, fluffy sheepskin.

We lay there panting for a minute, our arms around each other. She glanced at the clock and scrambled to her feet, grabbing her clothes. "You have to go!" she said quickly. "He'll be home any minute!" I got up too, putting myself back together. "Okay," I said. "Okay. But I will be watching. I will be back. Good-bye, Sharon. You are so lovely." I picked up my cosmetic case and left for the time being.

On my way home, I saw her husband pass me in the other direction in his big Mercedes, heading home to his lovely wife. I knew she would be less than receptive to his advances this night. She was perfectly content.