 A mother introduces her daughter's best friend to a woman's touch.

*

"You got in pretty late last night, Honey," Michelle called out to Karen as she passed by the partially opened door to her room. The nineteen year old didn't respond to her mother's comment. Sensing that something was not quite right, Michelle turned in the hallway and went back to Karen's room. Slowly opening the door further, she asked solicitously "Honey? Are you okay?" She looked at the young woman sitting on the edge of the bed, head down and shoulders quivering. She was wearing one of Karen's nightgowns.

"Sally! What's wrong?" Michelle was alarmed. "Where's Karen?" Sally,a year older than Karen, was her long-time best friend who was normally such an easy going, cheerful young woman. To see her saddened like this troubled Michelle. 

Between her sobs, Sally quietly cried "I came home with Karen last night after we left Mary's. When Karen left for work this morning, she said I could stay for awhile to get myself together. I'm so mixed up, Mrs. Quinn. I think I have fouled everything up completely!"

"Honey, what happened? Why are you crying? Whatever did you foul up? Did you have a fight with Karen or Sean or what?"

"I might as well have had a fight with her or Sean. Maybe it would solve all my problems if I did," Sally replied. Sean had been her boyfriend since grade school. They had been paired to do an eighth grade science project together and had been together ever since.

Putting her arm on Sally's shoulder Michelle gently said "Tell me what's wrong, Honey."

"You know I love Sean, Mrs. Quinn. I really do. We've been so close for the last four years and I don't know what I would do without him, but..." Sally let the sentence trail off into nothingness.

"It's hard to talk about this, but you're like a second mother to me and I know you're the only one I could talk to about this. Sean and I are intimate with each other. We're always really careful and always use a condom as well as my birth control pills."

"That's a very mature attitude, Sally," Michelle replied. "But, please call me Michelle. I think we've known each other long enough for that," she said as she hugged the girl. "As friends of Karen's, I've watched all of you kids grow up, Honey. Now that all of you are in college and are mature enough for an adult relationship like that it is perfectly natural to want to be close physically. But, what was the fight about?"

"We didn't fight. Sean doesn't even know I'm upset. A small group of us went over to Mary's last night and we were all having a really great time dancing and eating pizza and just hanging out. At one point, Sean and Mike and Charley went into the den to play pool while we girls stayed in the kitchen. We were kind of dancing around and, you know, just playing and laughing when Mary asked me to come with her up to her room because she wanted to show me a new blouse she had just bought at Nordstrom. Karen and Rita stayed in the kitchen looking at photos on Rita's phone."

"I went upstairs with Mary. She brought the blouse she had bought out from her closet to show me. It was really pretty and kind of sexy looking so I asked her to model it. She took off her tee shirt and put it on. I don't know why I said it, but I told her it would probably look even better if she wore it without a bra, so she asked me to unsnap her bra and she took it off and put the blouse back on. Michelle, I honestly don't know why I did it but I reached out and kind of rubbed her nipples that were showing under the fabric. I immediately felt them get hard and Mary just looked at me. I pressed into her breast and moved my hand over her nipple. We just kind of stared at each other for what seemed like ten minutes and then I kissed her. Michelle, I KISSED her! Like she was Sean or some guy! God, I was waiting for her to slap me or scream at me or something but she didn't. She just pressed herself tighter against me and kissed me back. It..., it felt so natural. Then she reached down and started rubbing me through my jeans real gently and, God, I wanted to just touch her and feel her but all I could do was run from her room. I asked Karen if I could go home with her and we both left."

"I still haven't told Karen why I was so upset. As we left I told Rita to tell Sean that I had to leave because I was cramping badly."

"Am I gay, Michelle? I really, really wanted to touch Mary, your know, sexually, just like I touch Sean. How can I do that? How sick am I to want to do that?" Sally started whimpering again. "I don't think I can ever face Mary again. Or Karen. Or Sean."

"Sally, there is nothing wrong with you," Michelle said comfortingly. "You are not bad or weird or perverted or anything of the sort. I think that, as humans, all of us are just wired that way. We are able to love both men and women. Emotionally and sexually, I mean. It's only some of us who realize that and enjoy the love of both sexes." There was silence in the room save for the quiet sniffles of Sally.

"You said all of us, Michelle. What do you mean? Have you ever felt this way?"

"Sally, as a young woman you're old enough for me to tell you this and for you to understand. Yes, I have and I do. Karen's father and I acknowledged that fact years ago and, in our marriage, we have an agreement that allows me to love other women as well as loving him." 

Sally looked at Michelle with mascara smeared eyes. Her tears were abating now and, as she wiped her eyes, her makeup transferred to her fingers. She took a tissue from the nightstand and dabbed at her eyes and wiped the mascara from her fingers. "Karen has never said anything about that. Does she know?"

"Karen knows, Honey. I think she feels that it is something that is quite personal and that is probably why she has never said anything to you about it."

"How do you love other women?" Sally asked, looking at her with questioning eyes.

Michelle rubbed Sally's shoulders, comforting her. "Honey, women have a special way they like to be loved and sometimes a man just can't touch you the way another woman can." Her hand softly massaged Sally's neck and arms as she spoke. Sally tilted her head onto Michelle's soft breasts. Her eyes were closed and she felt safe in the warmth of the touch of her friend's mother. Michelle's hand went from Sally's arm and onto her flannel covered breast. She gently moved her hand over the firm flesh of Sally's breast lying just beneath the thin fabric. Michelle could feel her nipple tighten and stiffen as she moved her hand over it. 

Michelle reclined on her daughter's bed, gently pulling Sally back with her until they were in each others arms. Sally tentatively moved her mouth toward Michelle's and their lips met in an anguishing, emotional mix of confusion, love, tenderness, passion, and sexual urgency.

Moving her hand down Sally's body, Michelle slid it beneath the fabric covering her thigh. Sally wore no panties under the nightgown and Michelle's fingers soon found the center of the young woman's passion. Softly caressing her vulva, her fingers teased her burgeoning clitoris. Sally moaned and moved her body involuntarily as every movement of Michelle's fingers sent sparks of pleasure through Sally's body. Looking into Sally's eyes, Michelle whispered, "See how different a woman's touch is, Honey?"

Pulling Sally's nightgown up over her tummy and breasts, Michelle brought her lips down onto Sally's waiting nipples, first one, then the other, her tongue circling each one slowly and then her soft lips tugging at the aroused flesh. "Oh God, Michelle, that feels so good," Sally whimpered. "Sean never touches me like that. It always feels like he's in such a hurry." She twisted her body to receive more pleasure from Michelle's lips.

Michelle's mouth and her fingers, probing Sally's wet cleft, soon had her writhing in pleasure. Soft, sensual moans escaped her parted lips and she bucked and tossed as Michelle continued to pleasure her more and more intently until finally, Sally arched her back sharply in a spasm of pleasure. The sounds of her breathing stopped and then she screamed out as her orgasm ripped through her like nothing she had ever experienced, her body jumping and turning as the fiery pleasure flooded her.

Michelle cradled the young woman in her arms as Sally slowly returned from the blissful high of her powerful orgasm. Sally snuggled in her arms ever more tightly. "I never knew it could be like that." Her words were barely audible but Michelle smiled, knowing exactly how it felt to be loved by a woman. 

Bringing her lips to Sally's, Michelle kissed her with a deep, loving passion. Her tongue traced the outline of Sally's lips, moving ever so slowly inward until her tongue was in Sally's mouth, teasing her, their tongues touching tip to tip.

"Now,Honey, I'll show you how to make love to a woman," Michelle whispered into Sally's ear as she released herself from Sally's arms and moved down the bed until her head was resting near Sally's thigh. She gently parted Sally's firm thighs and moved between them. Bringing her mouth down onto Sally's still wet labia, she darted out her tongue, just barely touching the sensitive flesh. Sally raised her sex to meet Michelle's mouth. Michelle's tongue ever so lightly swirled around Sally's clitoral hood and then she urged her tongue between the firm clitoris and its swollen hood, feeling her engorged clit push against it. She sent searing shots of pleasure through Sally's body as she flicked the firm, red bud of flesh. 

Putting her hands on Michelle's head, Sally's fingers disappeared in the blond hair moving between her legs as she almost involuntarily held the older woman's mouth captive against her sopping wet sexual center. Michelle's saliva and Sally's vaginal wetness dripped down onto the bedspread creating a dark spot on the blue fabric.

"Ooooooooooooh Goddddd..." moaned Sally as a new sensation gripped her pussy. Michelle now had her erect clit between her lips and was sucking hard on it, bringing it into her mouth and sucking it as if it were a miniature cock. Michelle, so aroused by this sex play with her daughter's friend, had moved her left hand down between her thighs and was feverishly rubbing her tingling cunt through her jeans. Suddenly, her mouth left the sensitive spot between Sally's squirming hips and, standing up alongside the bed, she quickly pulled her sweater over her head and unsnapped her bra, releasing her still firm and shapely breasts. She hastily slid her jeans, as well as her black panties, down her slender legs onto the floor and, once again, lay down on the bed with Sally.

Pushing Sally's nightgown up and over her head and pulling her toward her, the two of them ground their nude bodies together in a passionate embrace, breasts against breasts, pussy against pussy. Reveling in this glorious sensation, Michelle lowered her head to take Sally's nipples between her lips. Pressing her tongue firmly into the areola right below the nipple she brought her upper lip down onto the nipple and tugged gently and then circled the firm nipple with her tongue. 

Sally's eyes were closed in ecstasy as her fingernails raked Michelle's back. Every movement of Michelle's tongue thrilled her. Turning slightly so that the side of Michelle's torso was between her thighs, she ground her pussy against Michelle's tightening muscles, pushing and grinding with an urgency that she had never felt before. 

And then, just as she thought she could take no more and was about to pass out from the pleasure, Michelle reached down and took Sally's hooded clit between her fingers and pinched tightly, moving her fingers back and forth slightly as she felt the firm nub itself sliding between the juice lubed skin of its protective hood. 

Sally screamed at this latest assault on her sensitive nub, jumping and shaking and crying and moaning as an orgasm unlike any other struck her. One, two, three, four, it seemed to never stop as her body thrashed violently as jolt after jolt of pleasure hit her. Her breathing was coming in gasps. And then her love coach came crashing after her with loud moans of pleasure as her own hand urged her clit to a mind numbing climax, her body pumping against Sally as she came. Her hand still moving on her wet cunt, Michelle came again and then again. 

Their arms wrapped around each other, they both slowly came back down to earth as their bodies relaxed from the overwhelming strengths of their orgasms. Their breathing softened, their muscles lost that taut tone of deep arousal as they lay together in a blissful post-orgasmic haze.

Michelle felt Sally tremble and heard a soft cry.

Releasing Sally from her arms, she moved back on the bed a bit to look at Sally. "What's wrong, Honey?" she asked very, very softly, looking into her eyes.

"I'm just crying because that was so beautiful. It's like we shared our souls. I have never felt so close to anyone in my life. God, what an unbelievable experience! Mrs Qui, er, Michelle, that was like nothing that I have ever felt before," Sally said as she looked at her with tear stained cheeks. 

Reaching over to gently wipe the tears away with her fingertip, Michelle smiled. "It really was beautiful, Honey, wasn't it?" she said quietly. 

Sally leaned over and kissed Michelle on the forehead. "Thank you, Michelle." she said and in a somewhat questioning voice, "I feel so... relieved, I guess, knowing that I don't have to 'not love' Sean because I may be attracted to Mary. I think I felt that it was an either/or thing and it ripped my heart apart to think that, if I wanted to be physical with Mary, then it meant that I must not love Sean."

Michelle kissed Sally on the cheek. "Come on, Honey, you better get dressed. I think that you need to let Sean know how you feel. If Sean is the man that I know he is, he is going to understand that the woman he loves is capable of not only loving him but, at times, another woman also. You may just find, like I have, that the man in your life finds it pretty exciting."

"I also think that maybe you should talk to Mary. She is probably as confused as you were and you could allay her fears by reassuring her that you were confused and was not rejecting her."

In the hallway outside Karen's room, Michelle's husband silently moved away from the open doorway and down the carpeted stairs. There was a smile on his face. Reaching the bottom of the stairs, he loudly called up the stairs "Michelle? I'm home. Since my early meeting was cancelled I decided to take the rest of the day off. I have an idea for lunch that you might like..... "He grinned and arranged his now semi-erect penis as it pushed at the front of his slacks. He could feel the wet spot his arousal had left on the front of his briefs. 

"Just a minute, Honey. I'll be down in a few minutes," Michelle called out loudly. "Sally came home with Karen last night and we were just visiting," Michelle continued as she pulled her panties and jeans up her legs. Turning to Sally with a smile, she put her finger to her lips. The two of them giggled quietly.