 She woke from a fitful sleep, at first not knowing what had caused the noise. Slipping silently out of bed, leaving the lights out, she walked to the balcony of the bedroom. Pulling apart the drapes, she stepped into the darkness, feeling the cool night air on her bare skin. Looking down into the neighbor's yard, she smiled. Now she knew what had awaked her. Her new neighbors were out in their hot tub, thinking that no one could see them, unaware that her bedroom over-looked the backyard. That was one of the reasons that Faith loved living in the country, no one to bother you if you wanted to be naked.

Standing in the moonlight, Faith felt the first stirrings of excitement as she watched Jim and Lisa soaking in the spa. She had been outside that morning, doing some of the weeding in her garden, wanting to do it early so that she would have the rest of the day free. As she lived at the end of the cul-de-sac, she had dressed in what was for her normal attire, very short blue jean shorts that showed off her firm behind, and a red silk scarf wrapped around her generous breasts and tied at the neck. She dressed that way because, for one she had a drop-dead gorgeous body that drove men wild with desire, as well as a few women. For another reason, each home sat on five or more acres of land, giving each homeowner a sense of freedom in the large city. She loved her house, and felt safe in the gated community.

As she worked in the garden, she watched the moving van pull up to the house right next to her own, and following that a brand new Jaguar convertible. Faith watched as the passenger door opened and out stepped one of the most striking women that she had ever seen. The woman had long fire red hair, as well as a figure that stunned Faith as she watched. As Faith looked at the vision standing there, the woman turned and looked her in the eyes, catching Faith staring at her, mouth agape. Smiling, the woman nodded as if they were old friends and lovers, the green of her eyes touching something deep inside of Faith. Standing up, and blushing at being caught watching the woman, Faith decided to make the best of it and introduce herself.

Walking over to the car, Faith got a chance to observe the woman more closely, seeing the way she dressed and drooling inside. The woman was wearing hip-hugging jeans that clung to her like a second skin and a white loose weave cotton blouse tied up under her breasts, showing off a taunt belly. It was obvious that she did not bother with underwear, making Faith smile, as she too hated the confinement of them. The sandals had to be hand made in Italy, Faith decided and everything about her screamed out wealth. It took one to know one, she decided as she neared the car. Holding out her hand, Faith introduced herself. The woman seemed to hold her hand longer then needed, as it to send a silent message to Faith. 

Although Faith had never felt attracted to women before, she could feel herself getting wet at the touch of the woman. "Hi," she said, "I'm Faith McDowell, your next door neighbor." Still holding Faith's hand, the woman returned the smile, and introduced herself. "Hi," she told her, "I am Lisa Adams, and this is my husband Tim." For the first time Faith saw the driver of the Jaguar. His very looks turned her into mush, and when they shook hands with him, Faith could feel the tremors of an orgasm hitting her like a bolt of lightening. Blushing furiously, she did her best to hide the effects these two were having on her. She made the two of them promise to come over for dinner, after the movers had gone, and with a smile, Lisa told her that they would be delighted.

Faith had no idea why she was feeling the way she was. After all, even though she was single again, it was not as if she was doing without sex, but something was different, as she had never felt the raw sexuality of another woman like this before. Faith walked into her bedroom, stripping out of her clothes on the way to the shower, needing one after the short encounter. As the water beat down on her, the possibilities filled her mind and she soon found herself caressing her body. The soft lather felt as good as anything she had ever felt before, she slowly ran her hands over the hard flesh of her nipples, palms moving in slow circles as she thought about Lisa. The feelings were new to her, not that other women had not expressed an interest in her. She had just never thought about it before today when she shook Lisa's hand.

Faith allowed her hands to caress her body, her long slender fingers moving from her hard nipples towards her throbbing clit. Between the warmth of the water, the soft lather of the soap and her fingers touching her body, Faith soon found herself cumming, the intensity of it catching her by surprise. Thankfully, there was a seat built into the shower, otherwise she knew that her legs would not have held her up. Slowly Faith recovered, but vowed to discover if she was correct about the two new neighbors. She so wanted to be right. Forcing herself to shut off the water, Faith stepped out of the shower and grabbed a thick towel to pat her flushed body dry. Finishing her bath, Faith walked naked into her bedroom. Thinking about the evening to come, she pulled out a pair of skintight black cotton pants, so tight you could see she wore no underwear under them. She picked out a low-scooped neck gold and black silk top, and pulled it over her head. The feel of the material brushing against her nipples as she moved around was a constant reminder of her arousal and needs.

She spent the early afternoon preparing dinner for Lisa and Tim, wanting it to be just right. Just as the meal was finished, the doorbell rang. Nervously, she walked across the spotless living room and opened the door. It was Lisa, who was carrying a bottle of wine, but no Tim. Seeing the puzzled look on Faith's face, Lisa laughed and told her that Tim sent his apologize but his office had called and needed him to come into work. Blushing furiously at the thoughts that popped into her mind, Faith took her hand and lead Lisa into the house. She could feel the pressure of her warm hand in hers as the two of them walked towards the kitchen. Lisa was wearing the opposite of Faith, white instead of black, but very expensive as well. Somehow, Faith felt like she was on a first date, as she chatted on and on, knowing she was sounding like an idiot, but unable to help herself. Seeing how nervous she was, Lisa reached across the table and took her hand. Faith found herself growing wet just from the touch of this woman's hand, not believing what she was feeling, wondering if it was just a dream or real. Faith saw the warmth in Lisa's eyes and relaxed as the two women enjoyed themselves over dinner and several glasses of wine. The sun was just starting its decent as Faith once more filled their glasses, and offered to show Lisa what she had done with the huge backyard. Opening the patio doors and stepping outdoors, Faith heard Lisa's gasp of surprise. It was like stepping out into a tropical paradise, with a pool nestled among the plants, bushes and trees. A free-flowing waterfall cascaded into the water, allowing one to shower, surrounded by complete privacy. Mesmerized by the setting, Lisa could only dream about having such a back yard. Enjoying the look in her eyes, Faith told her that she and Tim could use her pool anytime.

"Well, I don't know about Tim," Lisa said with a smile, "but after today, I could sure use a swim." Without another word, she pulled her top off, showing off her beautiful breasts and Faith could not see a tan line as she watched her neighbor. Sliding out of her white pants, Lisa gave her a look that spoke volumes and mesmerized, Faith matched her new neighbor's movements until the two of them stood naked in the setting sun. Grabbing Faith's hand, Lisa ran to the pool and jumped in. Laughing as they surfaced the two women found them standing face-to-face. Lisa reached out and pulled Faith closer, kissing her tender lips, something she had been dying to do ever since she had seen her neighbor. To her surprise, Faith found the kiss exciting, and if it had not been for the water, she knew that the wetness of her pussy would have soaked her clothes. 

Soon Faith found herself responding to the kisses and caresses and returning them with equal, growing passion. This was Faith's first time with a woman, and she found herself enjoying every moment of it. There was just something about the way that Lisa was kissing her. Maybe it was true what they say about how a woman knows how to kiss another, because that is the way she wanted kisses to be. Faith, caught up in the moment, so much so that she barely felt Lisa's hands moving over her body, until she felt her hands moving between her trembling legs. Faith had played with herself plenty, and even shaved her pussy bare, enjoying the feel under her fingers. This was something else, even more exciting, knowing that it was Lisa's hand this time, fingers sliding over her swollen, excited clit. Faith gave into the hidden moans and released them as she felt what magic Lisa was doing to her.

Reluctantly breaking the kiss, Faith whispered to Lisa, telling her how good it felt to her, begging her not to stop. Holding her closely, Faith could not see the smile on Lisa's face. Tim had been so right, and knowing him, he was in their new bedroom watching them right now. Lisa had always been into women as well as men, and had been honest with Tim right from the start of their relationship. Tim had noticed the effect that she had on Faith, and suggested that just she go to dinner without him. He had asked Lisa to see if what he had felt was real or not. Lisa had noticed Faith's reaction as well. Never in all of her experiences had she felt such a strong bond and was eager to find out more about their beautiful neighbor. Most of the time she willingly shared her female friends with her husband, but not all of them were willing, so Lisa was going to take this one slowly. As she left their house, she warned Tim to save her some of his cum for her for when she returned.

Taking Faith's hand in her own, Lisa led her to the shallow end of the pool, sitting her down so that she could continue making love to her. Kneeling between Faith's wide spread legs, Lisa knelt before her, and lowered her head, keeping her eyes locked on Faith the entire time. At first, she just blew warm air across her wide-open swollen pussy, seeing the look on Faith's face. She was experienced enough to enjoy the look of ecstasy washing over her, and as she lowered her mouth even further, felt Faith's body tremble in anticipation. Slowly, she sucked the clit into her mouth, moving her tongue softly around the entire clit, hearing Faith moaning as it grew louder as she slowly ravished her. The feelings running through Faith were like nothing she had ever known before. Before she knew it, Faith found herself cumming, a hard and fast release that filled Lisa's mouth as she drank in as much as possible

"Thank you, thank you..." was all Faith could get out as she slowly recovered from that massive orgasm. Lisa brought her face up next to her so that Faith could see that she had not been able to swallow all of her juices. She was thrilled as Lisa brought her sweet lips back to her own, allowing Faith to taste her own cum for the first time from a woman's mouth. She hugged Lisa tightly, and hungrily returned the kiss. She pulled Lisa out of the warm water and sat her close as they snuggled tightly. "God," she told the woman, "I hope that Tim doesn't mind sharing you." Arms around each other, Lisa told her that she would have to ask him herself. Seeing the puzzled look on Faith's face, Lisa pointed over to their new home. Faith looked over and saw that Tim, rather then being at work was standing on the balcony, naked except for the binoculars around his neck. The light was such, that Faith could see his very hard cock waving in the breeze. Laughing in the afterglow of her orgasm, Faith waved at him, motioning that he was to come over...She knew that her life would not be lonely any longer. 

(I would like to thank all of the people who responded with feedback on my first story, "She Greets Me." I hope you enjoy this story, and by your votes, will let me know that you want more.)