 For the first time in recent memory, Phoenix Kelly felt as if she was under a great deal of pressure. Normally, pressure was a motivator to her and she could use it to her advantage. This was about as far from normal as Phoenix had ever found herself.

To begin with, she was feeling the weight of having three jobs. She had no intention of giving any of them up. The Java Joint was a large part of her social life, she knew everything and, whether it might be a small factor to others, she loved the coffee. She wasn't about to give up her position at Miss Veronique's because of all of the "fringe benefits" and the companionship of her older, worldly lover. It would be a fool's errand to even consider giving up her position at the Bistro. She had only just gotten that and the added income would make her a very successful young woman in a much shorter number of years than in her original game plan.

For a few days, she gave serious consideration to giving up school. She didn't need it, did she? She was self-supporting and making a lot more money now than many of her older friends who were graduates with degrees. Why put herself through all the hard work?

The smart, sensible and gifted side of Phoenix came to the fore just in the nick of time. Yes, she loved the social aspects of her life and the sexual ones; there was no disputing just how much they mattered to her. Still, that was only one facet of Phoenix. She and her family had always valued education and she knew that the smarter she was, the more she would be able to capitalize on all of the opportunities that might come her way. An education and being grounded in the real world would prove invaluable. The education had to be part of her life; there was no getting around that fact.

How to fix the problem before she collapsed under all the weight?

The solution was provided to her by one of her professors, a slightly-older woman with whom she had been -- close. "You could simply choose to continue your education over a longer period of time," Jill said to her over a leisurely coffee. "You'd still get your degree, just not in the usual number of years."

That was the course of action Phoenix decided she would take. That left her with two problems and they were slightly interwoven.

Everywhere she walked on campus, Lisa Matthers seemed to be there as well. Lisa would stare at her and then just as quickly, she would vanish. She never once confronted Phoenix, not that Phoenix wanted a confrontation. Simply put, it would just have ended the suspense. She wondered if perhaps Lisa had found out about her wild night with Clay.

Clay was her last problem. He had reached out to her a few times since their night together and asked for a repeat performance. The rumor mill said that he'd found out about Lisa's constant infidelity and wanted something better. Phoenix had long since learned not to rely on gossip and she didn't want any hassles. There was only one small little problem.

She liked Clay quite a lot.

It didn't make any sense to her, not really. He was a big, dumb, lovable goof. Not the scholar she envisioned herself dating. But he was so kind and considerate and, she had to admit, one hell of a lay. She wasn't going to discount another night with Clay, but she had to get her life into perspective first.

She was working at the Boutique on a Thursday evening when Lilith stopped by. As always, Lilith made a stir simply by entering a room. With her long, wavy red hair and outrageous manner of dress, she was always the type of woman who could take your breath away. That day, she wore a dress reminiscent of Jennifer Lopez's famous dress, very low cut and slinky, a slightly Peacock design to it. Never let it be said that Lilith dressed down.

Veronique and Lilith embraced, not at all shy about sharing a kiss. Yvette smiled at the pair of them and not for the first time, Phoenix wondered about her employer and the other French beauty. They had never discussed Yvette, it remained unspoken between them. Veronique did seem to have her secrets and Phoenix had decided that she would not pry. It would be up to Veronique or Yvette herself to offer up the answers when they decided to share -- if they ever did.

"I actually came to see you," Lilith said, spinning on very high heels and smiling at her newest employee. "I was wondering if you might be able to make yourself available this Sunday evening?"

Phoenix winced for a second, although she didn't let Lilith see it. Sunday was the only day she took wholly for herself. She usually relaxed, de-stressed, ordered pizza and watched TV. She was trying to remove things from her plate, not add to them. It didn't matter and she knew it. An extra shift meant extra money and if Lilith was asking, there had to be a reason. She nodded and said that she could. She could sleep later or skip her Monday class altogether. Jill would understand and likely provide assistance, with some friendly "prodding" on her part.

She made the right choice. Walking into the club at 4 PM Sunday afternoon, she was greeted once again by Martin and then, Lily. She still couldn't figure Lily out; she was always cool and aloof, although not nasty. She was ushered into Lilith's private office where her employer was seated behind a large mahogany desk with her feet up. On the other side of the desk were two other women, both striking brunettes. Phoenix was asked to sit down, although she could tell it was not a request.

"She is everything you said she was and more," the older of the two brunettes said as she nodded in Phoenix's direction. "Lil, you certainly do know how to pick them. Oh yes, she will do splendidly."

Being talked about while she was still in the room always weirded Phoenix out and this time was no different. She knew that whatever they meant, it likely entailed something sexual. Before she could ask, which might have been against the rules, Lilith offered up an explanation. "This is my dearest and oldest friend, Gabrielle Porter." Phoenix knew the name instantly, Gabrielle, like Veronique, was a fashion maven. Her shoe boutiques offered expensive footwear. There was some of it that cost what an executive secretary might earn -- in a month. "Gabby would like the pleasure of your company for the evening," Lilith went on. Her friend scowled and wagged her finger at Lilith. Obviously, she did not like to be called "Gabby" but Lilith just smiled and ignored her gentle chiding.

"For dinner and for after," Gabrielle explained. "I do so love the companionship of beautiful, young women." Now it was Gabrielle's companion who scowled. Was the other girl jealous?

"Will your friend be joining us?" Phoenix asked. She did not want to be in the middle of something and had already decided she might well bow out at the slightest hint of a problem.

"My companion?" Gabrielle looked at the younger brunette and chuckled. "My companion is my daughter and her name is Lia. Where are my manners, I quite apologize. Say hello to our guest, Lia darling." The girl stood up and she was lovely, an attractive brunette like her mother, nicely dressed. She was clearly the shortest of the women in the room, standing only around 5'5", but with a lovely, fair complexion and dark eyes that drew you in. When Phoenix shook the girl's hand, she felt skin that was as soft as satin. Still, something about Gabrielle's daughter felt a bit -- off.

"Does your chef still prepare a marvelous Chateaubriand?" Gabrielle queried. Lilith nodded and said that he did, so the three women left the office and went to the dining area. A confused Phoenix still had no idea what was going on and went with the flow. Whatever was to happen would likely be revealed in due course.

As they entered the spacious dining lounge, Lilith took Phoenix to one side. "Whatever she wants dearest, as long as you think you can deal with it, grant her wishes. She's a close friend and she may be a little out there, but I think it's also what makes her such a success."

Dinner was marvelous and because she knew it was important to her employer, Phoenix turned on the charm. She flirted with Gabrielle shamelessly and that seemed to annoy her daughter. She tried to win over the girl and could see that she was failing. As she knew she had a lively and engaging personality, she could not understand why. When Lia left to use the facilities, it gave Gabrielle a chance to render an explanation.

"My daughter doesn't approve of me dating women, especially women close to her own age," Gabrielle said as she offered up another glass of delicious Beaujolais. "She thinks that I'm cheating on her father." For the first time, Phoenix noticed a rather large wedding band on Gabrielle's ring finger.

Trying to tread lightly, Phoenix questioned "Well, aren't you cheating on him?"

Gabrielle laughed lightly and shook her head. "I love my daughter, but despite her being almost 19, she is a child in many ways. I adore her father, but he is by no means a man with a high sex drive. Once or twice a month is good enough for him. So, we have an arrangement. As long as I never sleep with other men, I am free to sleep with as many young women as I so please."

"If you'll forgive my boldness, why don't you have sex with women your own age -- oh excuse me, not that you're old, you're gorgeous and ..." Phoenix stopped herself before she went any further.

The laughter continued. "Because just like a man, I do like the company of younger companions. Women my age are not always discreet, some are catty, some are clingy. I can find all these pretty young things who are willing to dress as I want, act as I want and they love the attention," Gabrielle explained.

"I see," Phoenix smiled as she took in Gabrielle's exotic beauty again. She was sure that there had to be some Asian in her mix, due to the shape of her eyes and the tone of her skin. "I love women of all ages, so I'm sure it will be wonderful being with you."

The evening took a dramatic turn at that precise moment. "Oh no, my beautiful love, I'm sure you'd be a wonderful playmate for me, but I want you to convince my daughter to have sex with you. I want to know if she has any hidden lesbian urges of her own."

Phoenix was startled, to say the least. She made it a point to keep that hidden as she looked at her client. A mother hiring someone to sleep with her daughter was quite -- well, as Lilith had stated, out there. "Don't you and your daughter talk about sex?" She asked. "Has she ever told you she finds other women appealing?"

"We don't talk about her much, to my chagrin," Gabrielle admitted. "She's always so angry at me, but I have heard her say that she finds the concept repugnant."

"Then why do you want me to ...?"

"... seduce her, sleep with her if you can? Because I want to know if she really feels that way, which I doubt, or if she's just acting that way because she's angry at me. I think my little girl will be much happier with her life if she just embraces her sexuality fuller. I know that I will, to be sure," Gabrielle said.

"I'm afraid that I don't quite understand," Phoenix said as she looked at her latest client with a quizzical expression. Gabrielle smiled at her and seemed to be amused at the younger woman's naiveté.

Gabrielle patted Phoenix's face gently, as a mother might pat a child. "You really don't understand, do you baby? I know you haven't been here long, but I thought you might clue in. If my daughter is inclined to let women share her bed, I'd like to be one of those women. I've had sex with many of her friends and now, I'm interested in crossing that line for myself."

For the first time, Phoenix's face registered shock. "Are you implying that you'd like to have sex with your daughter yourself?"

"Oh sweetness, I'm not implying a thing, I'm stating it outright," Gabrielle smiled. "I've raised a beautiful daughter who is in the full bloom of her womanhood. I want to take her to bed and explore the beautiful young woman she's become. I want to see her face contorted in orgasm while she writhes upon the satin sheets of my bed."

"But -- that's incest!" Phoenix spoke out, knowing her words could very well cost her the new job she had worked so hard to gain.

"What of it?" Gabrielle smiled as she flashed a soft, gentle smile. "These are modern times and old morals and taboos don't apply. Just a little while ago, I would have been condemned for having sex with other women. You and I would have faced scrutiny had we indulged in an interracial affair. Now, such things are common place. I find my daughter attractive, I plan to exploit that. She's not going to get pregnant and I don't plan to force myself on her. If you discover that she is receptive to the advances of other women, I will make my move. Are you all right with that or are we going to have a problem?"

Phoenix knew that she didn't have a lot of time to consider her answer. "No, no problem," she managed to say as she composed herself. Really, was it that big a deal? Her client had stated her case with a strong conviction. 

Gabrielle handed Phoenix a large wad of cash. "Once we're done, take her out for a few drinks and to a club. Loosen her up and seduce her, if you can. I'll want a full report and there's a nice bonus in it for you if you succeed." Lia returned at that moment and they finished their conversation. Gabrielle said that she was a bit weary -- not a word of that was true, Phoenix could see the light flicker in her eyes -- and she suggested the girls continue their evening. Lia balked a bit, but it was obvious she wanted to have a bit of fun without her mom's watchful eye. When Phoenix suggested they go clubbing, Lia smiled a bit more and agreed.

Phoenix took Lia to a club she knew quite well, one in which the younger girl would not likely be carded, as she wasn't technically old enough to drink. "Old enough to fuck, but not ..." Phoenix thought to herself as they entered. Phoenix loved dancing and would have frequented the place more often, had not commitments to her time been so precious. She had also been astute enough not to take Lia to a lesbian club, as she didn't want to set the girl off. She was going to have to use her thinking cap if this was all going to play out the way that Gabrielle wanted it to.

"I really thought my mom was going to take you home tonight," Lia said to Phoenix. A few Pina Coladas had loosened her tongue quite nicely. "I can't understand her at all! First, she cheats on my dad! Then, she cheats on him with women! Finally, to make matters worse, she cheats on him with my friends - yuck!"

"If you talked to her a bit more, you might understand," Phoenix said as she played the sympathy card. "She's lonely, but she doesn't want to sleep with a man who isn't your father. She happens to find women sexually appealing and she says that all of your friends are hot."

"That is true."

"So, why should men be the only ones who get to sleep with hot younger women? Women are age are adventurous, if your friends want to fuck your mom, why should you care?" Phoenix argued.

"I don't know -- I just don't get the appeal, I've never been into girls, you know?" Lia countered.

"You don't find women attractive?" Lia didn't realize it, but she was playing directly into Phoenix's hands.

"I can see that women are attractive, but so what? I'd never sleep with a woman, it's just not my thing," Lia stated plainly.

"You don't know what you're missing," Phoenix retorted. "Women are great in bed and we smell and taste great. Plus, you're gorgeous, nice long legs and perky little tits, you'd be able to pick and choose. Don't rule it out Lia, there might just be a sexy woman in your future!"

"Oh no, I think I'd be too nervous even if I was interested," Lia protested. "I wouldn't have a clue as to what to do with another woman in bed, I ..."

"You've thought about it."

Lia knew she'd been caught. "Okay yes, I've thought about it. After they'd slept with my mother, a few of my girlfriends offered to sleep with me, kind of to even the score. Like you said, my girlfriends are hot, but I'd be so self-conscious that I think it might ruin things and then, I couldn't face them and I'd lose a friendship."

"I think I might have a way around that," Phoenix said, placing her dark hand on top of Lia's. "Of course, the option remains entirely up to you."

Lia was not entirely clueless. "Oh no Phoenix, I couldn't ask you to do that," she told her new friend.

"Baby, you aren't asking, I offered," Phoenix said as she made her moves. She nestled in closer so that the younger girl could smell her perfume and notice how sexy she was. When Phoenix was in "the zone" it was hard for any person to resist her allure and now that she had set her sights on Lia, she wanted to roll around in bed with the pretty young brunette. "I'd love to show you what a hot session of girl-girl sex could do for you. It would certainly widen your options and sugar, it'd help you understand your mom a whole lot better. In fact, I'm sure it'd bring you two a lotcloser." Phoenix wasn't going to let on what Gabrielle's motivations were, that was up to her client. Her only chore was to get this sweet young thing in bed and seduce her, something that she was sure could be easily accomplished.

"Think about it sugar, meanwhile, you just have another drink and we can dance and party on," Phoenix smiled. Part of her seduction was to let Lia watch her on the dance floor. She knew that her moves could entice the girl into bed and she poured on the charm. As the two young women danced and drew a crowd, she could see it in Lia's face. The girl could not play Poker, because you could read everything in her face. Her resistance was weakening and she was succumbing to the movements Phoenix was making. She wouldn't need any further alcoholic beverages, Phoenix sensed Lia's surrender was imminent. 

"Do -- do you have somewhere we can go?" Lia whispered when they returned to their table. Phoenix smiled and nodded. She was glad that Lia had finally capitulated for if she hadn't, she might well have found herself another playmate among the crowd. The place was packed with young lovelies and some very attractive and mature ones as well. Of course, Phoenix rarely had to take "no" for an answer.

"I live close," Phoenix whispered back and playfully nipped Lia's earlobe. The girl started for a moment and then, she giggled -- a good sign. As both girls were inebriated, Phoenix called for a taxi to drive them the short distance back to her apartment. Their attire was such that they might have drawn some unwanted attention and Phoenix could not have fought off any attackers in her state. Lia was even more inebriated than she was, although once Phoenix worked her magic, the intoxication would quickly vanish.

The taxi driver refused a tip, saying only "I'll see you soon" when they exited his cab. Phoenix thought his comment was a bit cryptic, but she didn't worry overmuch. "Oh my God, what a fabulous apartment," Lia gushed when they went inside. "How can someone like you ..." she then realized she was being a bit insulting "I meant to ask, how can you possibly afford something this lavish?'

"A friend arranged with the landlord to give me a break on the rent," Phoenix explained. She wasn't going to give the girl full details on her arrangement with Veronique, that was on a "need to know" basis. "It is fabulous, but the bedroom ..."

"Um, could we like, have a coffee first?" Lia asked. "I'm a bit wobbly."

Phoenix nodded and fixed them both a cup of her favorite, French Mocha. She thought it a good sign that the girl was willing to proceed and sober up. They talked for about 15 minutes before Lia stood up and actually went to the bedroom on her own. "Once I make up my mind," she told Phoenix "I don't back down. Come on Phoenix, I want to see if you're right and I've been missing out on something."
