 -Friday evening- 

Mandy was a nineteen year old college student with long, red hair, and a toned body with long, pasty white legs, small breasts, and a shapely ass to match her Track and Field body. She was also a babysitter who had been babysitting since she was thirteen. She was used to changing diapers and watching over children, and she had become well-versed in the art of singing Disney songs from children's favorites: The Little Mermaid, Aladdin, The Lion King, Frozen, and so on. She knew exactly how to make a child smile, how to have them eat, and how to get them to lay down for bed. Mandy had been a pro. 

Sitting on the couch in her employer's house, Mandy was watching Disney's Tarzan via Netflix. She had a large bowl of popcorn in her lap and a bottle of water sitting on the coffee table not more than a foot in front of the couch. The front door opened and in walked Sarah, the mother of the child Mandy had been hired to babysit. 

Sarah groaned as she closed the door behind her. Her blonde hair was tightly woven in a braid and put up in a bun. She was exhausted from work and ready to relax. Mandy glanced over at Sarah as the blonde woman removed her dress coat. Mandy cocked an eyebrow no longer focusing on the movie. 

Sarah was a tall woman, at almost six feet. Her blonde hair was long, going down to the mid-section of her back when not put up in a bun or ponytail. Her breasts were large and he ass was nearly flat. Mandy salivated at the thought of removing her boss's clothes for her. 

Since being hired by Sarah and her wife, Erin, Mandy had developed a huge crush on the wife at hand. Sarah's beauty had been a drug to Mandy and she couldn't handle not having it. She squeezed her thighs together feeling the heat between her legs intensify as Sarah plopped down on the couch next to her. 

Sarah sighed deeply with exhaustion and undid a button on her blouse, unaware of Mandy's attraction to her. Mandy watched the button come undone and felt her face redden with a blush. A rush of tingles settled in her groin as she continued to squeeze her thighs together. "Did you have a rough day at the office, Misses Snow?" asked Mandy, her voice quavering slightly. 

"Sarah. Call me Sarah. I don't like being referred to as Misses Snow outside of the office. And, yes," Sarah exhaled slowly, "today was too long." Sarah reached up and pulled a few pins from her hair. Her bun came undone and her braid fell to her shoulder and rested across her large breast. "I just really need some rest and relaxation." 

Mandy offered Sarah some popcorn. She declined the redhead's offer. Mandy put a handful of salty, buttery goodness in her mouth, her groin still burning with desire. She stared at Sarah, wanting so desperately to undo the rest of the buttons on her blouse and free those large, firm breasts from their captivity. She also wanted to make sure that the wife was all right. "Would you like me to do anything for you, Misses Snow - er, I mean, Sarah?" 

Sarah threw her head back, closed her eyes, and took in a slow, deep breath. "I'd love a foot rub, but I can wait until Erin gets home. Say, has Oliver's dad been here yet?" 

"He actually just picked him up about ten minutes before you got home. That's why Tarzan is playing on Netflix." Mandy saw this as her opportunity to potentially seduce the blonde wife, her employer. Mandy slipped off the couch and began messing with Sarah's shoe. She tugged at the strings until they came loose. Sarah furrowed her brows, noticing the tugging at her foot. 

"What are you doing?" asked Sarah bringing her head forward to look at the young babysitter. 

Mandy giggled, trying to play coy. "I'm giving you that foot rub you wanted." She slipped the shoe off and gently removed Sarah's sock. Seeing as how Sarah wasn't urging Mandy to stop, she saw it as a good sign. As she put her hands around the foot and felt the softness of Sarah's skin against her own, her cheeks filled with a pink blush. 

Sarah wasn't sure what to think at first, but once Mandy started pressing her thumbs in to the sole of her foot she couldn't object. It felt wonderful. "I've been told I'm really great at giving foot rubs," Mandy said focusing on the massage. 

Mandy could feel her panties getting wet. Her pussy was hot with desire and she reeled at being able to touch Sarah. She had fantasized many nights about being between Sarah's legs, lapping her tongue up and down Sarah's wet, pink cunt. Mandy grinned as a shiver went down her spine. 

Sarah's mind fell away as the pleasurable sensation traveled up her leg and up her spine. She let out a satisfactory moan as she inquired, "Who said that?" 

"That would be my girlfriend, Laura. She always loves receiving foot rubs and she tells me I am the best at giving them." 

Mandy had had a girlfriend for almost a year now. She loved Laura with all of her heart, but when it came to Sarah there just something raw about her feelings toward the older MILF. Mandy needed her and if that meant cheating on her girlfriend to have her or having Sarah cheat on her wife to have her, then so be it. Mandy's carnal lust came first. 

Mandy cocked an eyebrow— feeling a bit more courageous—and in a soothing, seductive voice she asked, "Would you agree with that?" 

Sarah's pussy tingled with the lustful sensation she often felt around her wife. "Oh, God yes," she moaned. 

Mandy began to slowly massage her way up Sarah's foot. She started with the sole of her foot but then went to the ball of her foot and then curved around the ankle and began gently massaging her calf. Sarah was wearing dress pants so that prevented Mandy from making full-on contact with her creamy, smooth skin, but it didn't stop Mandy from traveling up Sarah's body. 

As the redhead reached her thighs she ducked under Sarah's stretched out leg and found herself sitting on her knees on the floor between Sarah's legs. She was in the perfect position for her fantasy to unfold. She continued to massage her thighs until she was rubbing her fingers along the blonde's inner thighs. Sarah moaned, spreading her legs wider allowing Mandy easier access to her thighs. 

Mandy wasted little time taking advantage of her situation. She had Sarah exactly where she wanted her. She grinned, licking her lips, and moved her hand to Sarah's pussy and pressed against it through her pants. Sarah shuddered and cooed. She chewed on her lower lip allowing Mandy to continue. She kept her eyes locked on the redhead's and ran her hands along Mandy's cheeks and then lost her fingers in the waves of red locks outlining Mandy's face. 

Mandy pressed her hand harder against Sarah's pussy making her boss squirm at her touch. "You have no idea how long I've fantasized about this," Mandy susurrated. 

"What about your girlfriend?" Sarah asked, her voice quavering. 

Mandy bit down on her lower lip. Seductively, she whispered, "Oh, she doesn't know." She, then, unbuttoned Sarah's dress pants and pulled the zipper down. She began tugging on the pants trying to free them from Sarah's body. Sarah reached into her pants' pocket and pulled out her cell phone. She laid it on the armrest of the couch. The blonde, then, lifted her hips allowing Mandy to better remove her pants and when she had them pulled off she threw them somewhere behind the couch. 

"You have no idea how long Erin and I have fantasized about you," Sarah admitted through a moan. 

Mandy was about to press her mouth against Sarah's panty-clad vulva when she stopped. She raised her head to look at the blonde vixen before her. While she had always fantasized about Sarah, she couldn't deny how hot Erin was as well. She had never thought of taking both wives at the same time, though. "Erin likes me, too?" 

"We both like you," Sarah said breathlessly. Sarah leaned forward and removed her other shoe and sock. "It's why we hired you. Erin and I love each other, but we have also fantasized about bringing in a third woman for a long time. And, you... oh, goodness, you were just too damn cute to pass up." She sat back in the couch with her legs spread. "Now, keep going," Sarah demanded her voice low and sultry. Sarah clenched her fists locking some of Mandy's hair in her grasp and forced the babysitter's face in to her wet cunt. 

Mandy wasted no time at all. She opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around Sarah's hot, damp, panty-clad vulva. She pressed her tongue against the panties that kept her from tasting Sarah's pussy, but she still found pleasure in having her lips this close to Sarah, intimately. She jabbed her tongue against the fabric wetting it with her saliva. Sarah's pleasure was coating a spot in her panties where Mandy was jabbing her tongue and Sarah writhed at the redhead's oral technique. Mandy grinned and muffled a moan as she tasted Sarah's pleasure against her tongue through her panties. 

Mandy pulled away from Sarah's vulva licking her lips. Being the first time tasting the blonde wife, she loved it. She desired it. She needed it! Mandy stripped Sarah of her panties and tossed them behind the couch along with her pants. She spread her legs wider and mashed her mouth against Sarah's hot, sodden cunt. She dug her tongue deep inside Sarah's slit and penetrated her wet, pink opening. Sarah moaned loudly while grinding her hips at Mandy's masterful, oral skills. 

Sarah unbuttoned her blouse and removed it from around her torso. She leaned up removing her undershirt and then undid her bra as fast as possible. Once her breasts were free of their confines, Mandy maneuvered her hands up Sarah's toned, sweaty body and cupped the blonde's large, firm breasts. She squeezed the firm mounds and rolled the erect nipples between her fingers. She kept her tongue inside Sarah the entire time, swallowing all fluids that mixed with her saliva. 

"Oh my God," Sarah moaned loudly. She felt the tingling sensation from earlier building up inside her pussy. She could feel her orgasm rising with intensity with each thrust of Mandy's tongue. The redhead suddenly pulled her face away from Sarah's pussy, strings of sticky, cunt juice pulling away with her straight from the source. Sarah's juices coated Mandy's chin and Sarah found it to be an extremely arousing image. Her orgasm began to dissipate as Mandy was no longer pleasuring her, but that didn't mean Sarah still wasn't enjoying her time with the babysitter. 

Sarah leaned forward cupping Mandy's cheeks. She kissed the redhead, jabbing her tongue in Mandy's mouth, tasting her own fluids on Mandy's tongue. As if she could possibly be anymore turned on, Sarah found herself being more turned on by tasting herself in the redhead's mouth. Sarah began massaging her own clit as she kissed Mandy deeply and passionately. She felt her orgasm building back up with each stroke at her engorged clit. 

Mandy pulled away from the kiss and shoved Sarah back in to the couch forcefully. "I never said I was done with you," Mandy growled. 

Sarah raised her eyebrows at Mandy's show of domination and found it to be a huge turn-on. She spread her legs and let Mandy do her work. She rubbed her index finger and her middle finger between Sarah's wet lips, lubricating them with her juices. "Does Erin ever fuck you with a toy?" 

Sarah stammered, "We have a strap-on we use on each other sometimes." 

Mandy smirked. "Good, then this should be okay." Mandy inserted both fingers inside Sarah causing the blonde to wince in pain for a second before moaning in pleasure. Mandy brought her lips down to Sarah's erect clit and began sucking on it. She thrust her fingers in and out of Sarah while sucking and teasing her clitoris with her tongue. She used her other hand to squeeze Sarah's breasts. 

The blonde writhed with pleasure. With each thrust of Mandy's fingers and with Mandy sucking on her clit she could feel her orgasm building up inside of her again. It wasn't long this time before Sarah was screaming the redhead's name as she came with ferocity all over her fingers. Mandy kept fingering her employer even after she came, leaving her hand soaked in pussy juice. 

Mandy smirked and looked up at Sarah as she slid her wet fingers from Sarah's pussy. "I hope you're not all tired out. I was just getting started," she giggled. 

Sarah giggled along with Mandy. She sat up taking the girl's lips against her own as they kissed. Sarah grabbed Mandy's wrist and brought her fingers to their mouths and they each licked at her fingers, cleaning them of Sarah's juices and then they kissed once more trading not only saliva, but Sarah's cum. 

The blonde pulled Mandy up on to the couch and placed her down on the cushions. She crawled on top of the babysitter and began massaging her breasts through her shirt. She then slid her hand up under the shirt and began massaging Mandy's smaller breast through her bra. She wasted very little time as she pulled the redhead's shirt off of her and undid her bra. Sarah kissed her way down Mandy's chin, to her neck, around her collar bone, and then capped it off by sucking an erect, pink nipple in-between her lips. 

Mandy arched her back at Sarah's nipple sucking and moaned her employer's name. "Oh, my God, Misses Snow." 

Sarah pulled up from Mandy's nipple letting the pink nub plop from her mouth. "Sarah," Sarah moaned. "Call me Sarah." She lowered her head back to Mandy's other breast and began sucking on it. She caressed her hands down Mandy's sides and stopped at her waist. She positioned a leg on either side of Mandy's thighs and unbuttoned her pants. She pulled down the zipper and rather than removing the pants completely she just slid her hand in her pants. Her pussy was radiating heat and as she maneuvered a finger between Mandy's thighs she could feel the hot moistness that had collected between her lips. 

Sarah grinned as she kept Mandy's nipple between her lips. She repositioned herself so her leg along the edge of the couch was between Mandy's legs and she brought it up forcing the redhead to spread her legs apart. This gave her easier access to Mandy's hot, wanting sex. She cupped her pussy stroking her middle finger along the opening of Mandy's slit. The babysitter squirmed under Sarah and moaned her name yet again, this time calling her Sarah. 

Rather than penetrating the nineteen year old with her finger, she brought her hand up a bit and pressed her wet fingers against Mandy's clitoris. She began rubbing it and massaging it causing Mandy to gasp with pleasure. She arched her back mashing her breast into Sarah's face. The blonde didn't care though. She had wanted this since the day she and Erin had hired her to babysit their son, Oliver. 

As Sarah massaged and rubbed Mandy's erect clit, she squirmed and moaned a lot more. She gasped and squealed with delight. She brought her hands up around Sarah's back and dug her fingers in Sarah's skin and raked them down along the side of her back. The pain didn't even faze Sarah. In fact, she found it very erotic. She pulled her mouth away from Mandy's breast and brought her lips up to Mandy's. She kissed her passionately yet with a bit of roughness showing how much she was in to this. "Cum for me," she whispered between kisses. "Cum for me, you cheating slut." 

Mandy dug the heels of her feet into the cushion of the couch and lifted her hips. She began to spasm under Sarah and broke away from their kiss shouting, "Oh holy fuck!" As her thighs quivered and as her hips bucked with Sarah's clitoral play, she dropped her ass back to the couch and lifted her shoulders screaming, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" 

With that Sarah felt Mandy's wetness line the tips of her fingers and leave her panties a sopping, wet mess. She pulled her hand from Mandy's pants and kissed the redhead again with a grin stretched across her lips. She massaged Mandy's breasts with both hands wiping her pleasure along her soft mounds. Sarah made her way back down to Mandy's breasts and licked Mandy's cum from her breast before taking a nipple back in her mouth. She nursed from the nineteen year old while Mandy lay there on the couch catching her breath and tracing a circle with her fingers along Sarah's smooth back. 

Their dreams had both seemed to be fulfilled until the front door opened. Erin walked through the front door kicking her shoes off. She saw her wife lying on top of their topless babysitter suckling at her breast. Erin blushed. "Well," she said breathily, "isn't this just a site?" 

Sarah lifted her head from Mandy's reddened nipple and grinned seductively at her wife. She pulled herself from the couch and strutted over to her beautiful Erin. She grabbed her pigtails and pulled her in for a kiss. "How was work?" she whispered. 

"Just another day," she replied softly. "I think my night just got better, though. Oliver isn't here is he?" 

Sarah shook her head as she bit her lower lip. "His dad already picked him up." 

Erin peeked around Sarah's shoulder at Mandy lying on the couch, topless. Her cheeks filled with a crimson blush. "She has perky tits." 

"Just like we always imagined," Sarah grinned. "You want to suck on them?" 

Erin brought her eyes back to Sarah's. She didn't even have to reply. Sarah grinned walking backwards pulling Erin along by her pigtails. Sarah moved the coffee table out of the way and offered her hand to the babysitter. Mandy took it and Sarah pulled her up off of the couch. She stood between the wives. 

Mandy tucked a strand of copper-toned hair behind Erin's ear. "I hear you and Sarah have fantasized about me?" She grinned. 

Erin's flushed cheeks spread throughout her face. She was as bright as a tomato. "I- we- I- I mean, we- uh-" 

Mandy brought a finger to Erin's lips. She giggled at Erin's nervousness. "It's okay," she reassured Erin. "Think of me as another one of your sex toys. Use me as you want." Mandy cocked an eyebrow at Erin. "Fuck me like your own little whore," she whispered. 

Erin's eyes widened. She looked at Sarah who was lusting over the younger woman. She gave a quick glance to her wife and nodded her head giving Erin the go-ahead. Erin was still considerably nervous as she had never been part of a threesome before. "I, uh, I don't... Do I kiss... I mean, I can kiss-" 

Erin was cut off as Mandy pressed her lips against Erin's. She brought one hand around Erin's waist and another around her neck holding her comfortingly. Sarah brought her hands around Mandy's back and cupped her delicate, soft breasts in her hands. She played with her nipples as Mandy kept her lips locked with Erin's. She brought her hands down Mandy's slender body and then slipped her pants and her panties down her legs. Mandy stepped out of them and then Sarah went back to fondling her breasts. 

"Just let it go," Sarah whispered to her wife. "Enjoy the kiss and let your insecurities fade away." 

Erin loosened up a bit and felt a bit of the tension leave her body. She stepped forward pressing her body against Mandy's. She brought her hands up her thighs and gripped her waist. She then brought her hands around Mandy and around Sarah who was standing behind her. The babysitter was sandwiched between the two wives. 

Sarah removed her hands from Mandy's breasts and began tugging at Erin's shirt. Mandy tugged at it to until Erin let them remove the shirt from her body. She lifted her arms in the air breaking away from Mandy's lips long enough to let the shirt pass by. When it was removed from her body she mashed her lips against Mandy's once more and this time cupped the younger girl's tits. 

"Oh, they are perky," Erin cooed. 

Mandy giggled. "Let's see how perky yours are." 

Mandy reached behind Erin and undid her bra. She let it fall away from her chest. Her pink nipples stood erect and pointing directly at Mandy. "They're beautiful," Mandy whispered as she brought her mouth down to the left breast.  
