 She gave a light tap on the door, knowing that there was a baby in the house probably trying to sleep. The tapping was loud enough to alert the child's mother who was sat in her living room. The house had been silent so the sound startled the young mother who, up to now, had been playing through the infinite possibilities of the night ahead in her mind. The more she thought about it, the more nervous and edgy she made herself.

At least her 3 year old son, Callum, had drifted off to sleep without too much bother. It felt like the young boy somehow knew his mother was going out on a real date for the first time since separating from his father and wanted to do what he could to help. The separation had been hard on Kerry. It had happened just 3 months into the pregnancy. She suspected that the sight of her ever growing 'baby bump' scared Jason (her boyfriend of 2 years and Callum's father) away. 

What made it worse was how connected she had felt to him, at 25 years of age she lost her virginity to this man who, she thought, would be around forever, no matter what. However the 'no matter what' part didn't seem to include a positive pregnancy test. He'd left his seed in Kerry and ran. It was then up to Kerry to raise their child alone and for the first time in her life she'd felt really alone. Of course that wasn't the case, her mother and father had been there for her when it mattered most and the last couple of years of motherhood had given her some of the best moments in her life.

Tonight Kerry was set to meet Stewart, a man she'd met on Facebook through a friend of a friend. After weeks of online chatting she had learned a lot about the man. They shared similar tastes in music and movies and he hadn't been put off by the fact that Kerry had a son. The first time they arranged to speak on the phone had been nerve racking but tonight, as she awaited the arrival of the babysitter, she was in a whole new stratosphere of panic.

Lucy was the daughter of a good friend of Kerry's. She only lived 5 houses along the street from her and, according to her friend, Lucy was happy to sit on the sofa watching DVDs while Kerry went out with her new man. Especially with a £7.50 reward! 

Lucy waited at the door for Kerry to let her in. She had to be persuaded by her mother to come here tonight.

"Do it as a favour for me," she had said. "Kerry's been through so much and she's finally found the nerve to date again. All you have to do is sit on the sofa and watch the telly for a couple of hours!"

Later that day Lucy heard her mother on the phone declaring how happy her daughter would be to baby-sit! It wasn't the money that had convinced her to accept the job; it was her mother's plea, who can refuse a favour to dear old mummy anyway?

As it was only a short walk to Kerry's house Lucy hadn't felt the need to dress up or anything, no point in tarting herself up for a night on the sofa. With that in mind Lucy wore a low-cut white tank top and a thigh length black and white striped denim skirt with a wide white belt that had a round buckle at the front. A simple pair of sandals finished off the outfit. She had pulled her dark shoulder length hair back into a ponytail. She looked at herself in the full length mirror on the bathroom wall and smiled at what she saw. At 5 feet and 5 inches Lucy could be described as petite. Small in height and in build made her look younger than her 19 years. If she felt like wearing her old school uniform she would easily pass as a year 11 student. 

Looking young was great but sometimes she wished she looked more like a woman than a girl. She had small breasts that sat pert and proud on her slim chest. Her flat stomach was lucky considering her lack of exercise and her junk food addiction. Her legs were also slim, not ultra skinny by any means; they looked nicely toned right the way up to her thighs and bum. It was a beautiful figure that could be the envy of any young woman.

She wasn't dressed for a special occasion, but, like most girls her age, she still wanted to look nice (sexy if possible.) Even if it was only for a quick walk followed by a night of nothing, and when the door opened and Lucy saw Kerry for the first time she was extremely glad she had made at least a little effort to look good.

Kerry was beautiful; no other word Lucy could think of did this woman justice. She looked around 5 feet 7 inches tall with long blonde hair that hung right down to the middle of her back. Kerry was clearly dressed to impress and Lucy envied the man who would be her date. 

She was wearing a gorgeous black dress which managed to be revealing without looking slutty. It had a low-cut V-shaped top with the point of the V ending just below and between her ample breasts, low enough to reveal there was no bra under the thin clothing. Lucy imagined that it would be very easy to accidentally expose a nipple in a dress like this. The dress hugged her slim body down to just above her hips. Here, the skirt part of the dress flared out and hung loosely around her thighs.

"Lucy? Are you ok?" Kerry's voice seemed far away.

"Yes, sorry, my mind ran away with me for a second, yes I'm Lucy, my mum said you needed me tonight." Lucy replied trying to look Kerry in the face rather than her breasts.

"That's fine sweetie," Kerry said with a laugh. "Come on inside, I really appreciate you coming tonight, my mother was going to baby-sit for me but she hasn't been well this past week."

When Kerry turned around Lucy saw that the dress was backless with a single strap running around her neck and fastening with an ornate looking clasp over the nape of her neck.

Lucy followed Kerry through the door and nudged in closed with her bum. As Kerry walked towards the living room Lucy's eyes dropped down from her bare back to the short hemline of the dress, settling on the tops of the young mother's thighs. It was only a small amount of material that bridged the gap from her bare lower back to the hemline but right now Lucy would've killed for a peek through the skirt.

She had known in her heart about her feelings towards her own gender for years, since she was no more than 13 years old and sat with her legs apart busily bringing herself to her first real orgasm while watching the hot female presenter of kids TV. But outside of those special circumstances her feelings were well hidden. As she grew up she would stare at boys her age as well as men on the TV. She would watch wrestling with her dad and look at hulking biceps and arses as well as the bulges between the legs of the guys in Lycra trying to feel something. But it was no use. She had even had boyfriends, she had spent time behind the science department up against the wall with a guy darting his tongue in her mouth while sliding his hand up and under her school skirt to caress her buttocks, but she felt numb to the feelings of pleasure the schoolboy was desperately trying to give her.

Nobody knew of course. Lucy could not imagine a more humiliating situation than actually telling people she was a...one of those kinds of people. The word lesbian made her cringe just thinking about it, let alone saying it to people! But what else could she be? Not bi-sexual because men were not of any interest to her, so it had to be that she was...the L word. Lucy had never met a woman who really made her want to dive on her, even at school where so many small skirts were around, her one enduring fantasy was of the kids TV vixen. That had changed when Kerry opened the door. 

Before Lucy could get too carried away with fantasies of dropping to her knees and sucking this woman's clitoris until she screamed Kerry turned to face her.

"Callum's fast asleep," she said. "And I doubt anything will wake him up but still, try not to go overboard with noise. There's a load of DVDs in the drawer beneath the TV in case you get bored. Feel free to take anything you want out of the kitchen, there's loads of food and stuff."

Lucy nodded and said, "No problem, I'll be fine. When will you be leaving? Is your date picking you up?" 

"Yes, he should be here in about 10 minutes or so, can I get you anything? A hot drink?" Kerry replied.

"No, I'm fine, are you ok?" Laura asked, she had noticed Kerry was trembling and that she was quite pale.

"Yeah I'm alright, I'm just nervous, very nervous actually," Kerry surprised herself by admitting how she was feeling so readily. She was slightly embarrassed, after all she was 28 years old, but tonight she felt like a young girl going out on her very first date.

"I'm sure it'll be ok," Laura said soothingly. "Everyone gets nerves on a first date. My mum told me you were going to meet someone tonight."

Kerry said, "That's sweet of you to say honey, do you think I look ok?" She was seeking reassurance; it had been a long time since she had dressed up like this for a man. During her conversations with Stewart, her date for the evening, he had mentioned how he was a 'leg man' and that he loved to see women wearing 'more feminine' clothing rather than trouser suits and the like. During one of their more explicit conversations he had said the thought of a woman in a short skirt with no underwear was a huge turn on, however that was further than Kerry wanted to go. She wanted to look attractive for him but she didn't intend to screw him tonight. This was their first face to face encounter and she wanted to get to know him properly, not to end up behind the pub with her dress bunched up around her waist being fucked like a whore.

"Are you kidding?" Lucy replied, taking full opportunity of the chance to look Kerry up and down, "You're beautiful, very sexy." She immediately regretted saying that last part, afraid it would show her up as that kind of girl. She felt her cheeks begin to blush and quickly turned away in an attempt to hide her face before it betrayed her secret to this woman.

"Aww thank you," Kerry responded. It felt good to know someone else thought she looked good. "I was worried it might be a little too much," she continued, gesturing to the low cut top and short hemline of the dress.

"No it's fine, really it is," Lucy said. God she's driving me crazy, Lucy thought to herself, she could feel a little wetness in her underwear and she was suddenly terrified that she might have an orgasm while standing in front of this woman she'd met only 5 minutes ago!   

"Thank you, let's sit down for a bit rather than standing to attention," Kerry said with a smile. Lucy kicked off her shoes onto the floor and sat on one end of the sofa with her knees up on the cushion and Kerry sat cross-legged near the middle, when she'd sat down her dress had ridden up a bit and when she crossed one leg over the other and sat back more a more of her thigh was on show. From her position on the seat, Lucy was facing Kerry side on and, even though she tried not to, she couldn't help peering down the top of Kerry's dress. Lucy was enjoying her unrestricted view of this gorgeous woman, Kerry's legs were almost entirely on show and her bra-less breasts were also ripe for her viewing pleasure. 

Lucy's sex drive was going ballistic at this point, she didn't dare move her legs in case it caused the material of her panties to move over her aching pussy and send her over the edge. Even as they made friendly conversation she could help mentally tearing the little black dress off this woman and fucking her, and herself, to wonderful orgasms. But then, mercifully, the women heard a car horn outside followed by a knock at the door.

"Oh God, Oh God," Kerry was beside herself. "What am I going to do? What if he doesn't like my dress? What if he wants to go further than I do? And what if..."

Lucy interrupted her, "Kerry stop! It's ok; it'll be ok, just answer the door and go have fun." Kerry half smiled back and quickly grabbed her coat and purse.

"Ok I'm going, don't forget the baby monitor is on the table and there are DVDs in the drawer, my mobile phone number is underneath it, if there's any problems at all call me ok?" Kerry was breathless by the time she finished. After Lucy had responded positively to everything Kerry smiled, a beautiful smile that lit up her entire face, so much so that it took Lucy's breath away.

"See you later, have fun," Lucy called after her. Kerry opened the door and said a quick hello to her date for the evening and with one last smile shot in Lucy's direction the door closed and she was gone.

After watching the car leave with Kerry and her date inside Laura pulled the curtains together and leapt back onto the sofa. She wasted no time looking for DVDs or exploring the kitchen cupboards, there was only one thing on her agenda now. Her hands were quickly up and under her skirt, her left hand grabbed the panties, which were damp from her immense arousal, and pulled them down and off while her right hand went straight to her burning pussy.

"MMMMM," Lucy moaned and her index and middle finger slipped inside her aching hole, she didn't start to fuck herself yet, she just pushed her two fingers into her pussy and enjoyed the moment. In her head there were images of Kerry racing through her mind. Kerry in her little black dress. She added her ring finger into her wet tunnel, loving the feeling of having her hole filled to capacity. She thought about Kerry's legs, her breasts, her hair, her neck, and her lips. In Lucy's fantasy she was kissing those lips, her tongue was in Kerry's mouth, tasting, licking, sucking her tongue.

"OHH GOD"

In her minds eye Lucy was sucking one of Kerry's tits, her tongue danced around the erect nipple causing the sexy older woman to shudder in excitement, the cute little black dress now lay on the floor, torn and ruined from the initial assault on Kerry's gorgeous body. Not to be out-done Kerry had ripped open Lucy's panties and shoved three fingers into that dripping cunt where, in reality Lucy's own fingers works.

"OH FUCK, KERRY"

Lucy writhed around on the sofa where, not 10 minutes ago, she and her new friend had chatted to politely to each other. Her fingers pounded inside her, she had never masturbated this vigorously, this violently before, but she had to do it, had to finish, she was too far past the point of no return.

"MMMmmm FUCK Yeaaaahhhhh"

Her orgasm was mind blowing, her pussy gripped her fingers hard and her whole body tensed up so much it hurt. 

"FUCK....OH..... Kerrrryy..." 

Her voice trailed off as her body slowly came back under her own control. She hadn't noticed but one she had one of her hands under her top holding one of her breasts.

"Good god," she said to herself. "Wow, that kid of hers must be a hell of a heavy sleeper." She had been certain she would hear the soft crying of a disturbed child through the one-way baby intercom, but no such sounds of sobbing came. Lucy relaxed herself, her body was still sensitive and she thought better of setting herself off again. She slowly withdrew her fingers from her pussy, listening to the sound it made with her fingers coated in her juice making a slick, wet noise. She brought her other hand out from underneath her top, being careful to stay away from her over sensitive nipples. Eventually she cleaned herself up, her knickers were a lost cause and ended up in the bin, and went to make herself a drink and tried to decide how to spend the rest of the evening.





***********

Lucy had eventually calmed herself down; she still felt a slight buzz after her wild orgasm. She couldn't remember ever feeling that level of euphoria before and it was down to the situation itself. Being turned on in somebody else's house had felt almost dangerous, as if there was a chance of being caught. Anything could've happened really, if Kerry had forgotten something and had come back for it while her trusted babysitter was splayed across her sofa, skirt around her waist and her glistening pussy housing three fingers for all to see. What if her date had come in too? Entering the house only to be greeted by a half naked 19 year old in the throws of a self-induced orgasm.

Despite the fact that Lucy was thinking about these scenarios as reasons why she shouldn't have done it, she couldn't help feeling slightly turned on. She'd never thought about herself as an exhibitionist before but the idea of being caught violently fucking herself by a stranger was sort of appealing in its own way.

Holding her hot cup of coffee, Lucy flicked through the vast array of Sky TV channels. 

"900 channels of fuck all," She said to the empty room. Rather than spend the evening watching the re-runs of every show there is she decided to look inside Kerry's DVD drawer. After placing her coffee on a coaster, Lucy knelt in front of the TV and opened the large drawer; it was the kind that was on runners so it only took a slight pull to open, probably so Callum could easily get in there without bothering his mummy.

Looking in the DVD drawer Lucy saw why Callum would want easy access; there was a huge array of kids' films, including Bob the Builder, Thomas the Tank Engine, Toy Story and so on. Pulling the drawer out further there were a few grown up films, nothing spectacular; The Matrix, Batman Begins, Silent Hill and a few others like that.

Lucy pulled the drawer out some more, obviously too hard, and it came out of its runners and dropped to the floor.

"Shit!" Lucy said to herself. She started to lift the drawer back into its slot when she noticed a few DVD boxes at the back of the drawer space. Intrigued, Lucy pulled them out one by one and when she saw the covers of the DVD boxes she smiled and giggled to herself.

"Kerry, Kerry, Kerry, what do we have here," Lucy said, as if she was admonishing Kerry for having these kinds of films. Lucy hadn't needed to look at the titles of the DVDs to know that she had found Kerry's porn collection. The pictures on the front told her all she needed to know. There were pictures of women totally naked and posing with dildos and vibrators. Another box had a man on the front with a massive erection, probably due to the woman who was knelt before him with the tip of his penis in her mouth. Another box labelled DP had a woman laying on top of a man with his dick buried in her pussy and another guy behind her with his cock buried in her arse.

"Ouch," Lucy said to herself. "I bet she has trouble sitting down afterwards." She giggled again and put it to one side. There were a few boxes with this kind of hardcore sex. Lucy was getting slightly horny again, picturing Kerry screwing herself, on the same sofa as Lucy had used earlier, while watching this stuff. There were two other boxes without pictures on, Lucy opened one of them and fed it into the machine, curious about what might be on there.

Sitting on the floor with her legs crossed Lucy pressed the play button and the machine whirred into life. What came on the TV was not what she expected. There were two very attractive girls sat on a bed kissing each other, it was all very slow and passionate and the camera zoomed in to show the girls' tongues caressing each other. The camera then dropped down and focused on their legs, both of the girls wore micro mini skirts which were more like belts and no underwear, one girl let her hand drop to the other girl's lap and began stroking her inner thigh.

Of all the things Lucy had expected to be doing this evening, watching lesbian porn was not one of them. Her hand had found its way back under her own skirt and was gently copying the movements of the girl on the TV. Lucy was gently rocking to and fro and moaning to herself in a world of her own. At least she was in her own world until she heard a car engine outside and saw the duel white glows of headlamps through the curtain. She glanced up at the clock, surely Kerry wasn't home yet, she'd only been gone 45 minutes! Lucy sneaked a look through the curtains, the car outside was a taxi and, sure enough, Kerry was in the back seat reaching forward with something in her hand. Presumably she was paying the driver, but hadn't her date....Stewart picked her up in his car? Why was she retuning in a taxi only 45 minutes after leaving? Then Lucy left the window and quickly ejected the DVD out of the player and shoved it back in its box.
