 Kristen was having the most delicious dream. She felt like she was floating on the ocean, rising and falling with the waves. Overhead, bright blue, cloudless skies seemed to go on forever. The sun was warm. In fact, it was downright hot. She could feel the heat rising in her body, and she reveled in the feeling it gave her.

The waves seemed to be carrying her toward the shore, which wasn't too surprising. That's what waves did, after all, but as she came closer and closer to the beach, the waves seemed to grow in intensity. The peaks became higher and higher, and she tried to guess which wave would be the one that carried her to the burning sand. 

Upward the waves carried her, so high now that she started to become somewhat anxious, but the water was warm, and she felt its wetness all over, and it felt amazingly good, so she gave in to the feeling.

The thing about dreams is that they rarely have continuity, and rarely do they reach fruition. The falling man wakes up before he hits the ground; the student sleeps through the final exam for the class she hasn't attended all semester, they always end with us waking up wondering where we are.

As Kristen drew closer and closer to the shore, rising higher and higher on the waves, she was no different. Just as she thought she was about to hit the beach, she awoke from the dream with a start, and in that instant, three thoughts ran through her head. The questions that occurred to her happened at the speed of thought, which is to say, almost instantaneously and almost at the same time, but in order, they were:

1."Where am I?"

2."What is that sensation I'm feeling?"

3."Oh my God! Am I'm cumming?"

Before she was fully awake, the wave that had been building within her body dashed her body upon the shore, where she felt herself writhing and gasping like the two lovers in "From Here to Eternity."

It was then that her brain connected the dots.

First, she knew where she was: She was in Rachel's bed.

Second, she now knew what that sensation had been: It was Rachel's tongue on her clit.

And that second realization certainly explained that wave that was washing over her.

Kristen opened her eyes and looked down her naked body to see Rachel looking up at her from between her legs. Her face was shiny with Kristen's juices, and she was grinning like the Cheshire Cat in "Alice in Wonderland." 

"Good morning, Beautiful," Rachel said. "I'm sorry I woke you, but I just couldn't wait anymore."

Kristen laughed. 

"Don't apologize! I'd like to wake up like that every morning. In fact, could I leave an 8 a.m. wake-up call for tomorrow too!"

The two women broke into laughter, and Rachel crawled up Kristen's body to snuggle next to her. She leaned in to kiss her, but Kristen turned her head away.

Rachel was momentarily hurt until Kristen said, "Wait until I brush my teeth! Yuck, I have morning breath."

"Yeah, well my breath smells like tuna," Rachel joked.

"Eeewww!" Kristen said, playfully swatting Rachel on her behind. "I hate it when guys say we taste like tuna!"

"I'm just joking!" Rachel replied laughing. "You don't taste anything like tuna."

"Good," Kristen said, "I was about to get a complex. Now let me up. I have to tinkle."

"OK, you go tinkle, and I'm going to make us some breakfast. I'm starved, and if you recall, we left our dinner sitting uneaten on the table last night."

"Last night," Kristen thought. "God, it seemed so long ago. And to think, that in just a little more than 24 hours, her whole life had changed dramatically."

It all began when Kristen couldn't sleep the previous night, and it had ended with Rachel's face buried between her legs, culminating in the first lesbian experience for both women. The reality of what had happened hadn't even begun to sink in, but Kristen knew her life had changed — for the better she hoped — but she knew there would be consequences to deal with.

Rachel could see the look of concern flash across her best friend's face, and knew what she must be thinking.

"Hey ... I love you. Get yourself cleaned up a little and join me in the kitchen. I know we need to talk. Everything will be OK. OK?"

Kristen smiled sheepishly at Rachel. "Am I that easy to read?" 

"Yes," Rachel said simply.

"OK. I'll be there in a minute," Kristen said.

Rachel turned to go, but Kristen stopped her.

"Rachel ..."

"Yes?"

"I love you too," Kristen said looking directly into her eyes.

To Kristen, the smile that came over Rachel's face was as pleasing as the orgasm she had just experienced. 

Rachel turned for the kitchen before Kristen could see the tears forming in her eyes. She had never had a man tell her that he loved her; at least, not in the simple way Kristen had just said it. She hoped that Mark would feel the same way about her someday.

When Kristen joined Rachel in the kitchen, the gourmet chef was whipping up a breakfast strata with sun-dried tomatoes and roasted red bell peppers. She had cut up fresh fruit and put out some bagels and low-fat crème cheese. A large glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice awaited Kristen, and she gulped it down as if she hadn't had a drink in weeks.

"God, what did you do to me last night," she gasped after downing the juice.

"As I recall, it was you doing the doing last night," Rachel giggled. "That's probably why you're so thirsty." 

The thought of what Kristen had done to Rachel last night, and vice-versa this morning, brought renewed wetness between Kristen's thighs.

"God, maybe we'd better talk about something else; otherwise, I'm going to take you back to bed, and we'll waste another meal," she teased.

"Hey, eat all you want, I'll cook more," Rachel said mischievously, lifting up the front of her short silky negligee, revealing her nakedness below.

Kristen groaned.

"You're so bad," she said, slipping into Rachel's arms.

"I recall you wanting to kiss me a little while ago. Is that offer still on the table?" Kristen asked.

Rachel rose up on her tiptoes and pressed her lips to Kristen's, pulling her head close and opening her mouth. Kristen's tongue met Rachel's, and they teased each other that way as Kristen allowed her hands to drop to Rachel's ass. She lifted the short nightie so that she could run her hands over her new lover's ass. She gripped a cheek in each hand and then ran her index finger down the crack of Rachel's ass, eliciting a groan of appreciation that transferred from Rachel's mouth to Kristen's.

The two broke apart and Rachel went back to cooking, but the grin on her face seemed permanently etched there. It made Kristen smile, and she could tell that she had the same glow.

They remained silent for a time, both lost in their own thoughts about what had happened and what it might mean.

Rachel was the first to speak.

"Kristen? I know that what has happened changes a lot of things and that it will take a while for us to process.

"I think there are some things that should be said right away, though."

"OK," Kristen said a little nervously. She wasn't sure what Rachel was going to say. Hell, she wasn't even sure what she wanted to hear.

"First," Rachel said, "I know that you are married to Jason, and I would never try to break that up."

A flood of relief washed over Kristen, but it was quickly replaced by anxiety about Jason, and the fact that she had essentially cheated on him. Sure, it had been with a woman, but Kristen didn't fool herself into thinking that it was anything less than unfaithfulness.

"Second, I love you, and I never want to do anything to hurt you."

"Third, I want to be your lover only if it doesn't mean violating the first two statements."

Rachel saw a tear form in Kristen's eye, and she panicked.

"Kristen, I'm sorry! Did I say something wrong? Oh God, I've already hurt you. Please talk to me."

But Kristen just walked over to Rachel and took her in her arms and held her, stroking the shorter woman's long auburn hair. 

"Rachel, Rachel, thank you! Thank you! You've just said everything I was thinking. I was so worried that you would ask me to give up Jason, and I just knew I wouldn't be able to do that."

"Oh babe, I know what Jason means to you. I know how deeply you love him. Hell, I love him for the way he loves you. I also don't believe that love is a limited resource. We have an infinite capacity to give and receive it, and I just want to be part of the group that gives and receives love from you."

They kissed tenderly and hugged again.

"I hate to bring it up," Rachel said, "but what about Jason? What are you going to tell him?"

"God, I don't know!" Kristen said. "I don't even know if I should tell him. Are you going to tell Mark?" Kristen asked. Mark had been Rachel's boyfriend for several months, and they were getting pretty serious. In fact, it was Rachel's recounting of a steamy sexual encounter with Mark that ultimately allowed her to get into Kristen's pants.

"Unless you don't want me to, I will. Hell, if I know Mark, it will totally turn him on. But, I know it's different for us. We aren't married. We aren't even engaged."

"Half of me expects Jason to react the same way," Kristen said hopefully. "God knows we've fantasized about me being with a woman enough, but sometimes fantasy runs smack dab into the wall of reality, especially when it happens behind the other's back."

The strata came out of the oven, and the two women wolfed down the food — their physical appetite seemingly matching their sexual appetite — insatiable. 

"Do you really think Jason will be mad," Rachel asked. 

"Do you want to know the truth?" Kristen asked. "I think Jason is going to be jealous, but not because I had sex with you, but because he didn't get to join in," she laughed.

"Men!" Rachel said, "They're so predictable."

"Hey, I can't really blame him," Kristen said. "I wanted to fuck you. Why wouldn't he?"

"Well, since we're having true confession time," Rachel said, "Mark and I have fantasized about the four of us getting together for a little "after-hours" fun. I won't tell you what he'd like to do to you," she said cryptically.

"Oh?" Kristen said, shifting in her seat to massage the tingling she was starting to feel in her pussy. "And, what exactly, would Mr. Barron like to do to me?" she asked.

"Well, let's just say it involves his big office desk and your tight little backside."

"Hmmm. Well, you can tell him that little hole is off limits to everyone, including my husband."

"Too bad. He'll be disappointed, and honestly, you don't know what you're missing," Rachel said with a twinkle in her eye.

"Are you saying you ...?

"Ummmm, could beeeee," Rachel replied, mimicking Jon Lovitz' Saturday Night Live routine.

"Oh my!" Rachel said. "Girl, we're going to have to talk, but right now I want to take a shower with you. All this talk has made me seriously horny, and you're a very dirty girl in need of a good washing."

The two walked hand in hand to the bathroom and Rachel reached in to start the shower. Kristen came up behind her, grasping the hem of the silky nightie and pulled it up over her head. Rachel raised her arms, twisting in Kristen's arms to kiss her. 

Rachel's hands went to the sash barely holding Kristen's robe together, and loosened the knot. She slipped her hands inside the robe to grasp Kristen's ass. Their breasts pressed together, and each woman could feel the other's nipples grazing across her chest.

Rachel led her into the shower and guided her under the spray. Picking up the shampoo, she lathered her hands and began washing Kristen's short blond hair. The suds streamed down her body, some detouring around her large breasts, others following the curve of her surgically enhanced mounds to her engorged nipples, hanging there briefly before gravity overcame friction, and the bubbles plunged to the shower floor.

Kristen turned her back to Rachel so she could wash her hair, and although Rachel tried her best to focus on the task at hand, she couldn't help but allow her hands to slide down to Kristen's breasts, enjoying the slickness that allowed her to roam freely over her gorgeous tits.

Kristen sighed and leaned back against Rachel, feeling Rachel's own breasts slipping and sliding across her back, her nipples feeling like fingers massaging her lats.

As Kristen rinsed her hair, Rachel dropped to her knees in the shower and arched her head up to gain access to Kristen's sex. Her tongue probed her lips as the water cascaded down Kristen's body. Kristen moaned in pleasure and grabbed hold of Rachel's head so that she could move against the pleasing tongue. Kristen's knees bent slightly, and she arched her pelvis out so that Rachel could probe deeper and deeper. She rode Rachel's tongue like it was a Disneyland attraction.

"This is definitely an e-ticket ride!" she thought.

Rachel slid her right hand between Kristen's legs and used her fingertips to part her lips. Finding Kristen's opening, she gently probed it with her middle finger, sliding it deeper and deeper with each thrust. Her tongue continued to circle Kristen's clit as she finger-fucked her lover.

Kristen's knees were getting weak, and she was afraid she was going to lose her balance and fall in the shower, but Rachel helped hold her up with her other hand.

Kristen's riding became more fervent now as Rachel brought her closer and closer to the brink of orgasm. Rachel curled the finger inside Kristen toward her pubic bone, manipulating that hidden spot and driving Kristen over the edge. Kristen's hands slapped against the shower walls to steady herself, and Rachel's hands grasped her hips to keep her from falling as her tongue continued to trip across Kristen's clit. As Kristen's body ceased its convulsions, Rachel lapped at her slit, slurping noisily the fruit of her labors.

"No more! Kristen gasped. "I can't take any more!" she fought to get her breath, realizing that in a little more than 24 hours, she had cum five (or was it six) times. Her pussy tingled, and as she rubbed her hand over herself, she realized she was a little sore too. 

"That's what you get for being such a horny little slut," she told herself. 

Rachel arose from her knees, grabbing the fluffy and soaping it up so that she could complete her cleansing of Kristen. She managed to be good and only allowed her hands to dilly and dally slightly during the process, finishing with a quick kiss on each of Kristen's nipples.

"There, all better," she said smiling.

Kristen had to agree. She could get used to showers like this.

"My turn," Kristen said.

"My body is yours to do with as you will," Rachel giggled.

Kristen began with Rachel's long hair, massaging her scalp and running her fingers through her long auburn strands. As the shampoo dripped from Rachel's hair, it ran down her back and over her tight buttocks. Kristen moved up closer to her, rubbing her nearly hairless pubic mound around Rachel's ass. Her hands slid down to cup the woman's butt cheeks, pulling them apart slightly, allowing the suds to run down her crevice. She used the finger of her right hand to trace the path of the suds through that crevice, and Rachel jumped as the nail grazed her anus.

Kristen turned her around and began soaping her body, taking the opportunity to pull Rachel close into a passionate kiss. She loved the way their slippery breasts rubbed against each other.

Done with Rachel's front, Kristen spun her around again to do her back.

"Damn, you look good from behind, woman!" Kristen told Rachel.

Rachel shook her butt at Kristen saucily. "So, are you saying you like my booty?"

Smack! Kristen's hand landed on one of those curvaceous soap-covered buns, eliciting a gasp from Rachel.

Before Rachel could recover, Kristen had her hand between Rachel's thighs and was running her finger through her short curly hair. Rachel put her hands against the wall of the shower and spread her legs to give Kristen free rein of her pussy.

Rachel was already wet, Kristen could tell, and she wasted no time slipping a finger all the way up inside her. She pumped it in and out several times hard, drawing groans from Rachel as the finger pummeled her.

Kristen leaned in close to her ear and whispered, "You love being taken from behind, don't you?"

"Yes," Rachel gasped.

"You know what I'm going to do?"

"No ... what?" each of Rachel's words were forced out of her with each inward thrust of Kristen's finger.

"I'm going to go online and buy us a toy."

"What ... kind ... of ... toy?" she asked excitedly.

"The kind I can strap on!" Kristen said. "I want to fuck you the way Mark fucked you last night."

"Oh ... yes!" Rachel cried.

"And you know what else?" Kristen asked, her thumb now circling Rachel's asshole, which was still slick with soap.

"Ughh! ... What?" Rachel asked.

"I might even use it on this tight little hole since you seem to like it so much." With that, Kristen eased her thumb up Rachel's ass so that she had a finger buried in each hole.

Rachel moaned, the slight discomfort outweighed by the excruciating pleasure she was receiving at Kristen's hand.

"So, you like it up your ass, don't you, you dirty little girl?"

"Ugh ... Yeah! Do it! ... Do it too me! ... Fuck me hard!"

Kristen slid her fingers in and out of Rachel with blinding speed. The sound of her hand slapping against Rachel filled the shower. Rachel braced herself against the wall, moaning incoherently as Kristen ravaged her.

"You like it rough, don't you little slut? Cum for me baby! Cum all over my hand! Let me feel you squeeze my fingers!"

Rachel squeezed her thighs together as she came hard. Both holes constricted around the Kristen's fingers, and Kristen felt the woman's hot juices flowing down her hand. It was much hotter than the shower water. 

"Ohhhhh! ... Oh my God! ... Ughhh!" Rachel was almost delirious from the orgasm as Kristen continued to slip her fingers in and out of both orifices, but more gently now. She nuzzled Rachel's neck.

"God that was hot!" she said, and Rachel just nodded, unable to form coherent words.

Kristen pulled her finger from Rachel's cunt, leaving the thumb up her ass. 

"I think your asshole and I are going to become very close," she whispered, and Rachel shuddered at the thought. Kristen pulled her thumb out, and Rachel's ass gaped briefly at the emptiness she now felt. 

The two lovers could have probably stayed that way all day but the hot water was running out, threatening to douse the fire they both felt. They quickly rinsed and shut off the water. Kristen wrapped the still-trembling Rachel in a big towel and dried her before drying herself.

The two had just stepped out of the shower when Kristen's cell phone rang.

She glanced at the caller ID. It was Jason.

Her heart fluttered. What would she tell him?

"Hello?" she answered.

To be continued.