 The water cascaded down Rachel's body as she soaped herself with the big fluffy. Her well-toned body would make any man's mouth water, although like most women, Rachel mainly saw the flaws.

She thought her breasts were a little too big for her smallish frame, although she had to admit that she'd rather be too big than too small. She thought her hips were too big too, but there was no mistaking that she was woman. Her boyfriend, Mark, made it clear that he liked her curves, and she almost believed him.

Rachel had been in the shower for a while, reveling in the feel of the hot spray on her skin. With the basics out of the way, she concentrated on those more personal areas.

She discarded the fluffy. The places that needed cleaning now did not take kindly to the rough, scratchy texture of the fluffy. No, her hands were the right tools for this job.

She picked up a bar of moisturizing soap and rubbed it between her hands to lather them up. Replacing the bar in the soap dish, she placed her left foot on the shower seat and spread her legs to allow access to her most intimate places. 

Rachel ran her soapy hands over her pubic area briskly, getting it nice and clean. She flinched slightly at her tenderness down there.

"Oooh. Just a tad on the tender side," she thought. She didn't have to wonder why.

Last night, after a dinner in which they had teased each other unmercifully, Rachel's boyfriend had brought her back to her apartment where he had taken her roughly from behind, pressing her against the wall. He hadn't even removed their clothes. Instead he had just lifted her dress over her ass, dropped his pants and ravaged her needy cunt.

Not that Rachel minded. She liked it a little rough, and she also liked knowing that she had been well-fucked.

Just the thought of how Mark had taken her brought a new moistness to her cleft, and Rachel considered a little self-gratification before her best friend, Kristen, arrived for dinner.

"No," she decided. "I think I'll save that for later," she thought mischievously. 

She finished rinsing and shut off the shower. She grabbed a bottle of baby oil and immediately applied it to her entire body to keep it moisturized. After patting herself dry, she threw on her robe and went to the kitchen for a glass of wine. 

Back in the bathroom, she combed out her straight mid-length auburn hair and began the tedious process of getting ready for the evening. Rachel hated those women who "didn't need make-up." 

Although she never would have agreed, Rachel would have been considered beautiful without make-up, but like most women, she looked even better with it. Frankly, most people considered Rachel as gorgeous, not that Rachel saw herself that way, a fact that probably made her even more attractive. No one really likes a person who's good-looking and knows it.

***

A few miles away, Kristen was standing at the foot of her bed trying to decide what to wear for her dinner with Rachel. She had a half-dozen outfits laid out on the bed, and she couldn't decide.

"This is ridiculous," Kristen thought. "I'm just having dinner with a friend."

But it is a well-known fact that women dress for other women and undress for men, and tonight, Kristen was definitely dressing for Rachel.

Kristen wasn't exactly sure why it was so important to her that she look good tonight. There was a lot of confusion running through her head after her early-morning video chat session with Rachel.

Kristen had gone online to relieve a little sexual tension built up from her husband being out of town. After achieving her orgasm, she had received an invitation from Rachel to chat.

Rachel had proceeded to tell Kristen about the steamy sex she and Mark had had at the restaurant and after they returned to Rachel's apartment. Kristen had gotten so turned on as Rachel told the story that she brought herself to a second orgasm right there during the video chat!

Kristen was horrified by what she had done, but Rachel had assured her that she had nothing to be ashamed of.

Kristen picked up one of the outfits from the bed and held it up to her body. The one she selected was a short blue-jean skirt and white T-shirt that stopped a couple of inches from the waistline of the skirt. Her bare midriff was accented by a sun tattoo that circled her navel, which was pierced. The skirt rode pretty low on her hips, but she didn't have to worry because she kept herself trimmed "down there." Besides, it really showed off her toned abs.

Reaching into her dresser, she withdrew a satiny white bra and a matching white thong. She didn't really need the bra. Her surgically enhanced breasts were still quite firm and hung perfectly, but Kristen wasn't the kind of girl who went out without a bra on.

She put on the shirt and skirt and assessed her look in the full-length mirror. She had short, spiky blonde hair that emphasized her long neck. You could tell by the sculpting of her arms and legs that she lifted weights regularly. On a less voluptuous woman, the spiky hair and sculpted body would have made her look at best dykish and at worst masculine, but on Kristen, it just looked good.

At 5'10" she was tall for a woman, and she weighed 135 pounds, but there was very little fat on her. It was almost all muscle, built up during hours in the gym.

Satisfied with her appearance, Kristen picked out a sterling silver choker, silver rings and an ankle bracelet to complement the outfit. She debated whether to wear large hoop earrings, but decided they looked too trampy, opting instead for some silver drops with light-colored lapis stones dangling at the end. A silver circle chain belt completed the look, its metal links hanging down nearly to the hem of her skirt. It jangled when she walked.

***

It was 6:15 p.m., and Kristen would be arriving soon, Rachel realized. Suddenly she had butterflies in her stomach.

"What's going on?" she wondered. "You're acting like you're having a date. It's just Kristen coming over."

Rachel was in her kitchen preparing dinner. The gourmet cook was enrolled in culinary school and was thriving in her coursework. After working as a chef for someone for a few years, she hoped to open her own restaurant. Tonight, she was going to try out one of her newest creations on Kristen.

Rachel had to be careful about the menu, though, because Kristen was a fanatic about her eating habits. After years of being overweight, Kristen managed to shed the pounds and was determined not to go back down the path of unhealthy eating.

Rachel actually appreciated that, since it was she, as Kristen's personal trainer, who had helped the woman emerge from her plump cocoon to become the beautiful, sexy woman she now knew. Besides, Rachel liked the challenge of cooking tasty gourmet dinners that were also healthy. In fact, she thought there might be a market for a restaurant that provided exceptional food that was not only good, but also good for you.

At 6:30 p.m., Rachel mixed up a batch of her famous frozen margaritas. While Kristen watched her calories, she didn't mind a drink or two ... or three. She would just have to spend a little extra time in the gym to reduce the effects. Tonight, Rachel enhanced her usual recipe with a touch of 151-proof grain alcohol. She had learned the secret of grain alcohol from one of her classmates, who told her it wouldn't alter the taste, but it would certainly alter the wallop the drink packed, and Rachel had her own reasons for wanting to loosen both hers and Kristen's inhibitions tonight.

The doorbell to her apartment rang, and Rachel carried Kristen's drink to the door to answer it. It was one of their little jokes to greet each other at the door with a drink waiting for them.

Rachel opened the door for her friend, and her jaw dropped when she saw her.

"God!" Rachel said huskily. "You look hot!" She pretended to fan herself with her hand to cool herself off.

Kristen blushed slightly. "Thanks. You look pretty amazing yourself, but I was hoping you would wear that hot little red dress you had on last night," she said teasingly.

"I'm afraid that dress has been Monica Lewinskied," Rachel replied, referring to the young intern whose cum-stained dress had nearly brought down a president. "That little number has a date with a dry-cleaners."

Kristen laughed and took the drink Rachel offered.

"Mmmmm! It smells wonderful in here. What are you cooking?"

"Oh, just some leftovers I'm throwing together," Rachel lied. 

"Whatever!" Kristen said. "Anything I can do to help."

"Nope. Just park your cute little ass on that stool there and keep me company while I finish this up."

Kristen did as instructed, crossing her long tanned legs, one sandal dangling from her bobbing foot. The short skirt rode up on her legs, showing off her muscled thighs. Rachel stared at her friend's legs for a second longer than she should have and then quickly gulped a sip of her drink.

The two friends talked about anything and everything - everything, that is, except for the one thing that was on both of their minds - the early-morning video chat session.

Kristen wasn't sure she wanted to talk about it, and Rachel was having a hard time trying to figure out how to bring it up.

So, instead they talked about other things, sipping their margaritas from martini glasses as Rachel plated the dinner.

Rachel's apartment was pretty small, and she only had a small two-person dining table set up off to the side of the kitchen, but the table was meticulously set. Rachel turned down the lights so the table was bathed in candlelight.

"Everything looks delicious," Kristen said.

"Yes, it does," Rachel said. The way she said it, though, made Kristen look up, and she saw that her friend was looking not at the food, but directly at her. She felt a wave of heat pass through her body and suddenly felt a little dizzy.

"Woah!" she said, "I think that drink went right to my head." 

"Have a seat," Rachel said, "and I'll refill your glass."

"OK," Kristen said, "but just one more. I don't want to pass out on you."

When they were both seated, Rachel raised her glass to Kristen and proposed a toast.

"To Kristen, my best friend and the hottest woman I know," she said with a twinkle in her eye.

Kristen paused before she took a sip and then set her glass down. She gazed at her beautiful friend across the table, working up the courage to say what was on her mind. She reached across the table and placed her hand on top of Rachel's, her fingertips lightly caressing the other woman's wrist. The touch sent a shiver through Rachel.

"Rachel, we've been friends a long time now, and I feel like I can tell you anything."

"You can," Rachel replied, her breathing increasing slightly.

"I've been thinking about this morning - a lot," Kristen said.

"Me too," Rachel said quietly, wondering where Kristen was going to go with this, and fearful that it might not be in the same direction that Rachel hoped for.

"I don't think I've ever been so excited in my life," Kristen said. 

"Me either," Rachel said.

"Wait, please, let me finish," Kristen said. "It wasn't just because your story was incredibly sexy. It was something more than that. What I didn't tell you is that before we started chatting, I had been reading an erotic story online. It was a story about two college roommates who found themselves ..."

"Making love?" Rachel said, completing Kristen's sentence.

"Yes," Kristen said, and the words began to pour out of her as if a dam had been opened. "I've never done anything like that with another woman, but I've been thinking about it a lot lately, and then you came online and told me about you and Mark having sex, and I started getting excited again, and I was thinking about the story, and about you, and what it would be like to be with you, and how much I wanted to touch your body and how I wanted to please you and, and ..."

All of the sudden, Kristen stopped and got a horrified look on her face.

"Oh my God! What am I doing? I'm so sorry!" she sobbed, getting up from the table and bolting for the door.

"Kristen, wait!" Rachel shouted, but her friend was determined to get out the door and away from this embarrassing situation.

Kristen made it to the door and fumbled with the lock, unable to get it open. She collapsed against the door sobbing. In seconds, Rachel was at her side, taking the other woman in her arms, stroking her hair as she cried gently on her shoulder.

"Oh Kristen, don't cry, baby, don't cry. It's OK, baby, It's OK," she said while gently kissing Kristen's hair.

"Kristen, look at me," Rachel said. "Look at me, baby." Rachel raised Kristen's face to hers and looked into her eyes. "It's OK," she said, now kissing the tears that were streaming down Kristen's face. 

"Kristen, couldn't you tell? Didn't you know?" Rachel asked as she continued to kiss her friend.

"I thought I was so obvious," Rachel said. In Kristen's eyes she saw momentary confusion, but that confusion disappeared as Rachel's lips found Kristen's, giving her the most delicate kiss of all.

Rachel pulled back slightly to see the reaction on Kristen's face, and then moved in to kiss her again, this time more firmly.

Again she withdrew, and this time it was Kristen who moved forward, kissing Rachel, teasing her lips with her tongue. Gently, gracefully the two kissed, their mouths opening slightly, their tongues tentatively beginning that intimate dance that is reserved for the closest of lovers.

Their passion ignited quickly from there, and the kisses became more fervent. Rachel wanted to possess Kristen, kissing her urgently on the lips and then on her neck moving down to her chest. Meanwhile, her right hand came up to grasp Kristen's breast and she wedged her thigh between the taller woman's legs.

"I want to make love to you," she said breathlessly.

"Yes," Kristen begged.

Rachel led Kristen toward her bedroom, the untouched dinner left sitting forgotten on the table. When they got to her room, Rachel lit candles all around the room and hit the start button on her iPod.

The room was bathed in soft light, and the suggestive sounds of Paula Cole's "Feelin' Love," perhaps the most erotic song ever written, flooded the room.

"Did it occur to you that I might have had this planned?" Rachel asked.

Kristen looked around the room at the carefully placed candles and considered the music that just "happened" to be queued up on the Bose sound system, and she finally realized that Rachel had been thinking exactly the same thing she had.

"You were ... you had this all ... it was all planned, wasn't it? You ... you were going to seduce me, weren't you?" she asked?

"Yes, baby," Rachel said. "I've been trying to figure out how to get you in bed for a long time. This morning just opened the door and gave me the courage to go through with it. Does that scare you?"

"Scare me?" Kristen laughed. "Are you kidding? I've had the hots for you since we first met. I just didn't know what to do about it."

"Well, now you're going to find out," Rachel said approaching Kristen, her eyes heavy with lust.

"Have you ever done this before?" Kristen asked, "I mean with another woman."

"No," Rachel said, "but I sure have fantasized about it a lot."

"Me too," Kristen said enthusiastically.

Rachel was now in front of Kristen, and the taller woman bent down to kiss her friend, their mouths opening and tongues wrestling for position. Rachel's hands found the zipper on Kristen's skirt and tugged it down to rid her friend of the denim material that separated her from what she most wanted.

They continued to kiss as the skirt dropped at Kristen's feet, and Rachel's hands roamed freely over Kristen's ass, which was left bare except for the thong that parted her buttocks.

Rachel stopped kissing her and pushed her gently so that she fell back on the bed. Kristen looked up at her as she slowly slid the small straps of her sundress off of her shoulders and down her sides, slowly uncovering her breasts, which were bare beneath the dress. Down, down the dress went, the clingy material retarding the descent, making the unveiling tantalizingly slow. When the dress passed Rachel's navel, Kristen sat up and placed her hands over Rachel's, moving them out of the way and taking over for her.

Kristen leaned forward to kiss the woman's stomach, her kisses trailing lower along with the dress. She reached Rachel's hips and could now see the beginnings of her pubic hair. She paused briefly to plant a kiss on Rachel's pubis through the thin material of the dress. Rachel's hands went to Kristen's head and she let out a sigh. Kristen rolled the dress over her hips, and it fell in a heap at her feet.

"You are so beautiful," Kristen said.

Rachel bowed her head in acceptance of the compliment.

"Thank you," she said, believing that, to this woman, it was true.

Kristen took her hand and pulled her to the bed. Rachel, who had been directing their movements, now found herself looking up into Kristen's eyes as she leaned down to kiss her new lover. Kristen trailed her fingers up Rachel's belly, feeling the woman's stomach contract at the intimate touch that sent shivers through her body.

Kristen lowered her head to Rachel's breast and her tongue snaked out to flicker across her nipple. Rachel seized her head and pulled her tight to her breast, and Kristen obliged her by engulfing it in her mouth.

Meanwhile, Kristen's hand trailed down lower to the juncture between Rachel's legs, drawing a new moan from Rachel, who opened her legs to give wider access to the probing fingers.

Kristen touched her like she liked to be touched, and based on Rachel's reaction, they had a lot more in common than she realized. 

"Take off your shirt," Rachel said breathlessly. "I want to see your body."

Kristen rose up on her knees and grasped the bottom of her T-shirt and pulled it up over her head. Now clad only in bra and panties, she cupped her own breasts, pushing them together, and then allowed her right hand to slide down her stomach to her thong-covered pussy. Her fingers slipped under the waistband, and she teased herself while Rachel watched and mimicked her actions on her own pussy.

"I want to taste you," Kristen pleaded.

"If you insist," Rachel said playfully, rolling on her back and spreading her legs wide "Pleasure me, slave!" she said.

Kristen burst out laughing and said, "Come here you horny little slut. I'm going to give you what you deserve!"

She grabbed Rachel, pulling her toward her and rolling her over in the process, landing a hard slap on the naughty girl's ass and eliciting a squeal from her.

"What was it you said about needing a spanking this morning?" Kristen inquired, slapping Rachel's other cheek, but this time she didn't squeal, but rather let out a lustful moan.

"Oooh," Kristen said, "Methinks M'Lady doth like to have her hindquarters strapped!" she teased in a horrible Cockney accent, but she noticed that Rachel made no effort to escape her punishment. 

"Well, we'll have to delve into that later," she said, giving Rachel one final slap and rolling her back over. She was a little surprised at the look of lust in Rachel's eyes. "Right now, though, I'm going to give you the tongue-lashing you deserve."

Kristen straddled Rachel's stomach and reached up to remove her own bra. It fastened in the back, and as she reached back to undo the clasp, her breasts were thrust up and out. Rachel took the opportunity to run her hands over both breasts, pulling the satin down over her nipples as Kristen slipped the straps off her shoulders.

Rachel pulled her down and captured a nipple in her mouth, and Kristen hovered there as Rachel moved back and forth licking and sucking each nipple until they were rock hard.

Kristen pulled her breast from Rachel's mouth with a plop, drawing a groan of protest from the woman, but it was quickly replaced by a moan of appreciation as she kissed her way down Rachel's body, settling herself between her legs. 
