 Mandy opened her eyes to the blinding light of the Sun the next morning, Sunday. It shined directly on her and the two beautiful women lying on either side of her. She turned her head slowly to look at the strawberry blonde, Erin. She was curled up next to Mandy with an arm resting on Mandy's abdomen and her other arm stretched out on Mandy's pillow above her head. Each time she exhaled a faint snoring sound came out of her mouth. Mandy puckered her lips and kissed Erin's forehead tenderly.

The redhead slowly turned her head to the other woman lying beside her, Sarah. She, too, was curled up beside Mandy with one arm resting on her own body and her other arm, much like Erin, stretched out on Mandy's pillow above her head. Her leg was draped across Mandy's legs and her foot was resting beside Erin's feet. Mandy puckered her lips and tenderly kissed Sarah on the forehead, too.

She wanted nothing more than to stay in bed and cuddle the two older women, but she had awoken for one reason: a full bladder. Mandy slowly and gracefully managed to squirm her way out from between the wives. The bed shifted as she moved and Erin grumbled. Sarah didn't make a sound.

When Mandy reached the edge of the bed she slowly stepped down to the floor. She looked back at the gorgeous women and couldn't help but bite her lower lip and bring her shoulders to her ears at the adorable sight. Where their arms were resting on Mandy's pillow their hands were together. Their fingers were interlocked and even while having their babysitter between them they still found a way to stay together in bed.

Mandy smiled and made her way quietly out of the bedroom. As she walked, she stumbled over her pants. Reaching down, she picked them up and dug through the pockets, pulling her phone out. She had one text message from Laura, her girlfriend.

'Good morning, my sweet, beautiful redhead,' Laura's text read.

Mandy smiled. 'Good morning, my beautiful blonde angel. Have you been enjoying your time at your sister's?' She hit Send.

As Mandy waited for a reply, she shuffled down the hallway and went into the bathroom. She was completely nude. She stopped in front of the mirror for a second and examined her appearance. Her red hair was a frizzy mess and was tangled and curly. She ran her fingers through her hair but it didn't help with the knots caused from her wild bed head. She went to the toilet and did her business.

Afterwards, Mandy washed her hands and made her way downstairs. As she made her way down the steps, her phone buzzed. 'Yeah, Stacy and I have had a wonderful weekend together. Mom went out for the weekend so it's just been us here at home. We've had a lot of time to bond. How has your weekend been?'

Mandy grinned. "It's been rather exciting," she said quietly to herself. 'Oh, you know, I've been chilling out at home mostly. I have had to babysit, but you know how that goes.' She hit Send.

'Yeah, I do. Well, I look forward to seeing you tonight. I can't wait to be back in bed with you. Hehe... I love you. Have a good day.'

'I love you, too,' Mandy replied.

Mandy went to the kitchen and opened up the refrigerator. She pulled out a bottle of water and opened it, taking a drink. The water quenched her dry throat. She held the bottle in her hand and made her way back upstairs. Not wanting to wake either Erin or Sarah she slowly opened the door and stepped lightly into the room.

The space she had been sleeping in between the wives had now been occupied. Sarah was in Mandy's spot with her face buried in Erin's neck. She was delivering soft, gentle kisses to her wife's tender skin. Erin was still partly asleep, but not so much that she wasn't physically enjoying her wife's advances.

Erin's leg shifted under the sheets and the hand that wasn't attached to Sarah's hand was gently running up and down the length of the blonde's body. Mandy stared at the beautiful sight on the bed. She unscrewed the cap to the bottle without blinking and took a sip. Sarah kissed her way across Erin's neck.

Erin let out a soft moan. Sarah's hand was resting against Erin's head. She was massaging her fingers through the strawberry blonde's hair. She was now focusing on her wife's collarbone delivering more gentle kisses. Erin tilted her head back a bit into the pillow to allow Sarah more space to kiss and nip at her neck.

Sarah started at the center of her wife's collarbone and gently sucked on the tender skin. Erin gasped and shifted her legs under the sheets. Sarah slowly made her way up Erin's neck delivering quick kisses until she brought more skin between her lips. Erin released another gasp and brought her hand to her lips. She put her index finger in her mouth and bit down on it. Sarah slid her hand down the side of Erin's face caressing her cheek lovingly. She tucked it under the sheet running her hand continuously along Erin's body until she reached her thigh. She caressed it slowly.

Mandy, still standing in the doorway, felt her nipples harden. She brought her free hand to her breasts and began to gently massage them. She cupped her hand up under the curve of her B-cup breast and let her hand slide slowly around the curve. Her hardening nipple was consumed by the soft, warm flesh of her hand. She squeezed at the fleshy mound gently and pulled away, pulling at the erect, pink nub. She felt a wave of pleasurable sensations fill her breasts and settle in her hot, dampening cunt. She tiptoed her way to the bed.

Still sucking and kissing at her neck, Sarah lifted a leg and brought it across Erin's body. She lowered herself slowly. Her hot, wet pussy glided across Erin's abdomen leaving a slimy trail. Erin and Sarah untangled their fingers and the strawberry blonde brushed her nails along Sarah's back. Sarah shivered and felt her flesh being consumed by goose bumps. She nibbled at a tiny spot on Erin's neck eliciting a satisfactory moan from the wife.

Mandy sat her water bottle and her phone on the floor at the foot of the bed. The bed shifted as Mandy crawled on to the mattress, but the wives couldn't be bothered by it. They were too focused on each other. Mandy crawled slowly and predatorily as if she were a feline about to feast on her captured prey. She licked her lips at the sight of the two wives.

Erin let her fingers get tangled in Sarah's messy hair and let out a soft moan. "I love you."

Sarah pulled back sucking at some of Erin's skin. The skin plopped out from between her lips. She lifted her head and brought her eyes to Erin's. She stared down at her gorgeous wife. "I love you, too," she whispered. She lowered her face gently and their lips brushed against each other's.

Having her fingers lost in Sarah's blonde hair, Erin pressed the tips of her fingers against her wife's scalp and forced her head down so their lips were pressed together. They kissed each other lovingly and tenderly. Mandy slowly and carefully lay down beside them and watched as they kissed each other with all of the passion in the world. She couldn't help but smile.

"You two are so beautiful together," Mandy said softly.

Sarah pulled away from Erin's lips, a string of saliva bridging their lips. She smiled at her babysitter. "Erin is the one person I love more than anyone in this world." She chuckled. "Well, okay, I love Oliver, too, but in a motherly way."

Erin giggled beneath her wife. She turned her head and also gazed at the beautiful redhead beside her. "Yeah, moms united."

Mandy smiled. "Well, he certainly is a good kid for the most part. Though, there was that time I told him not to open the frozen two-liter of Pepsi. He didn't listen and needless to say it erupted like Mount Vesuvius. The kitchen was a mess!"

Sarah and Erin laughed. "But, you cleaned it up," Erin chuckled.

"And, that's why we hired you," Sarah added. She shifted her eyes in a teasing manner. "Well, we hired you to watch our son. This just happens to be a bonus." Sarah extended her arm and wrapped it around Mandy. She pulled the babysitter in close to herself and her wife.

All three of their lips met in a rough, sloppy kiss. Mandy opened her mouth and Erin and Sarah assaulted her mouth with their tongues. When they both tried to enter her mouth they realized her mouth wasn't large enough for both of their tongues. Erin pulled back and let her wife make out with the babysitter. She watched them kiss and felt the sudden urge to juices herself. She reached around Sarah's body and brought her hands between her wife's parted legs. She grazed her fingernails along Sarah's inner thighs and felt the blonde shiver at her sensual touch. She grinned as she continued her descent.

Erin reached her cunt and began gently teasing herself. She ran her fingers through the warm, wet folds of her vulva. She kept her eyes glued on Sarah and Mandy as they continued to make out. Mandy brought her hands up and much like Erin was doing earlier, she let her small, thin fingers get lost in the strands of Sarah's shining, blonde hair. Sarah brought her hands up to Mandy's face and cupped her warm, flushed cheeks. Their tongues danced about in Mandy's mouth as their lips stayed together.

Sarah began to slowly make her way from her wife's body toward Mandy's. She glided out from under the sheets and slid on top of Mandy's warm, toned body. Mandy turned over from her side to her back as she let Sarah take dominion over her body. Sarah lifted her lips from Mandy's. She opened her eyes and stared into the beautiful, blue eyes looking back at her. "Grab my ass," Sarah demanded softly.

Mandy untangled her fingers and slid her hands slowly down Sarah's smooth skin. Her hands glided over the small mounds of Sarah's ass. She let her hands rest and then gave Sarah a gentle squeeze. The blonde smiled and kissed Mandy's bottom lip, sucking and nibbling on it. Mandy let out a soft moan as she squeezed Sarah's ass yet again. Sarah pulled back tugging on the bottom lip. It popped out from between her teeth and she gazed back down at Mandy. She brushed the back of her fingers along Mandy's smooth, warm cheeks. "You're a truly beautiful sight to behold," Sarah said softly.

"You're a goddess," Mandy moaned.

Sarah felt flattered.

"I want to watch you two fuck," Erin moaned as she continued playing with herself. "No, wait, I want to watch you two make love. I want to see what I missed out on Friday evening. I want to see you two have sex."

Sarah turned her head slowly to Erin. She watched her wife squirm under the sheets. She moved her eyes about and noticed the sheets moving about slowly mid-length down her body. She could tell Erin was pleasuring herself and she loved the sight. She moved toward her wife and gave her a kiss. "You know I love watching you juices yourself," she grinned.

Erin grinned. "I love pleasuring myself to you." With that Erin slipped out from under the sheet. Her hand was cupping her vulva. She ran to the chair that Mandy had been the day before when she asked to watch Sarah and Erin make love. She threw a leg up over the armchair and ran her fingers along her soft, wet lips. She caressed her breasts and watched as her wife was about to make love to their babysitter.

"Are you ready?" Sarah asked of Mandy gently.

Mandy with her hands still resting on Sarah's ass gazed in the sparkling, icy blue eyes of her employer. "The only thing that could make me more ready for this is if we had chocolate syrup and whipped cream," she teased.

"Oh," Sarah chuckled. She lowered her head and their lips met. As their lips met, Mandy felt a spark that surged through her body and settled in her cunt. She gave Sarah another gentle squeeze and Sarah thrust her hips lightly into Mandy. Both women smiled mid-kiss.

Sarah's fingers brushed past Mandy's cheeks and got lost in her messy, red hair. She took a handful of hair and gently tugged at it. Mandy gasped as their lips parted. She dug the back of her head into the mattress. Sarah kissed her way to Mandy's chin. Small, quick kisses lined Mandy's neck as the blonde made her way to Mandy's collarbone. She kissed her way around the bony structure and made her way to Mandy's shoulder. She then buried her face in the crook of Mandy's neck and shoulder—kissing, sucking, and nibbling at the spot.

Mandy giggled at Sarah's advances. She slid her hands up from Sarah's ass and gripped her waist causing Sarah to fidget at Mandy's touch. Her waist was a very sensitive and ticklish spot on her. She giggled a bit as her face was buried in Mandy's neck. Mandy took it to mean she was ticklish and squeezed at the spot. Sarah fidgeted again and lifted her face from Mandy's neck once again giggling. "Are you ticklish?" Mandy said coyly.

Sarah stared into Mandy's eyes not wanting to admit it. Erin's quivering voice reached across the room. "Yes," she moaned. "She's ticklish at her"—Erin released another moan—"waist."

Erin was rubbing her vulva, her fingers damp with her juices. She took her middle finger and slowly inserted it inside herself. She gasped and then slowly found her rhythm. She began moving her finger in tiny circles inside herself. She watched as Sarah and Mandy continued.

Teasing Sarah, Mandy began squeezing at the blonde's waist. Sarah squirmed and giggled. She tried fighting off Mandy's advances, but wasn't able to get a grip on her. Mandy bit her lip determinedly and kept with her tickling. Sarah squirmed vivaciously. She finally managed to get a hold of Mandy's arms and brought them up over the redhead's head. She pinned them down to the bed and stared lustfully into Mandy's eyes.

"I got you," she grinned deviously.

Mandy lifted an eyebrow seductively. "What do you plan on doing to me, then?" she asked softly.

Sarah lifted her eyebrows. She began moving her legs forward. She crawled up Mandy's body. Her wet pussy glided across Mandy's soft breasts, her erect nipples brushing against Sarah's sodden labia. She moaned softly at the feeling. She kept moving until her pussy was resting over Mandy's chin. Mandy licked her lips. She nodded her head as she stared up at her blonde employer with hungry, wanting eyes. Sarah lowered her hips to Mandy's lips. The contact of her soft, hot labia against Mandy's wet, smooth lips was like no other. It sent chills up her spine and her whole body shuttered at the feeling of sitting on Mandy's mouth.

Erin watched as her wife lowered herself to Mandy's face. She thrust harder and faster inside herself. She began massaging her erect nipples with her other hand. The waves of juices building up inside of her were reaching its overflowing point. She shivered and let out a long, slow moan as her orgasm settled in her cunt. She continued her assault on herself as she watched Sarah grind her cunt on their babysitter's mouth. Sarah straightened her spine. She ran her hands through her long, blonde hair pulling her bangs back. She stared down at Mandy now that her hair was free from her eyes. She let out a loud moan that echoed throughout the bedroom. Erin felt a wave of juices course up her spine. She bucked her hips at the in-and-out motion of her hand and let out a similar moan as her orgasm ripped through her. Sweat lined her forehead and her heart pounded in her chest. Her cheeks were flushed, but she wasn't finished. She continued watching and continued pleasuring herself.

Sarah ground her hips against Mandy's wanting mouth. Mandy stared up at Sarah keeping eye contact with the woman sitting on her face. Sarah felt her babysitter's tongue swim through the folds of her sodden labia. As she ground her hips, her clit brushed up against Mandy's nose. With each brush at the erogenous zone, Sarah let out another squeak. Mandy raised her arms and cupped Sarah's breasts. Their eyes never wavered. They kept eye contact with each other; it felt more passionate. Mandy squeezed at the soft mounds and pinched the erect, pink nubs between her index fingers and her thumbs eliciting another moan from Sarah.

Sarah's juices coated Mandy's lips. Mandy continued her oral assault on Sarah while paying an equal amount of attention to her firm breasts. The hot juices seeping from Sarah's cunt coated Mandy's tongue and slid down her throat. She loved the taste of her employer. She moved herself forward a bit under Sarah's body. She was fully aware of how much Sarah enjoyed clitoral stimulation so she lifted her head slightly and took Sarah's erect clit between her lips. She sucked on it hard and nibbled at it gently. Sarah let out another long, loud moan and fell forward. She caught herself by placing her hands on the mattress and keeping her arms locked, but her legs were getting weak. Mandy let a hand fall away from Sarah's breast. She slid her hand gracefully around Sarah's thigh and teased a finger just outside of Sarah's dripping cunt hole. She lubricated the digit with Sarah's juices and then slowly inserted the finger. Sarah bit down on her lower lip to stifle another long, loud moan.

More juices coated Mandy's finger and dripped down to her neck. She sucked at Sarah's clit determinedly. Sarah bucked her hips grinding her pussy against Mandy's lips once again. The bed began to rock. The headboard hit the wall and Mandy could do nothing but smile while she sucked at Sarah's erogenous zone.

Erin pulled her finger out from herself and wetted her other fingers with her juices. When they were glistening with her juices she began to massage her own clit at the lovely sight on her bed. She threw her head back and closed her eyes. Tiny, quick moans left her lips as another orgasm made its way to her pussy. She curled her toes and brought her head back up. She watched on as Sarah and Mandy continued having sex.

Mandy nibbled on Sarah's clit. She thrust her finger in and out of Sarah's dripping, flushed cunt. With her other hand she reached up and wrapped it around Sarah's back. She used her employer's body for support as her neck was growing tired—and her shoulders tense—from keeping it lifted so she could suck on Sarah's clit. She pulled back and let the clit plop out from lips. She lifted her head again and took it back in her mouth. Sarah moaned loudly. She could feel her orgasm ready to explode from her dripping cunt. Mandy pulled her finger out of Sarah's pussy and forcefully straightened Sarah back up over her lips. Rather than Sarah grinding her pussy into Mandy's lips, though, Mandy shook her head under the weight of Sarah's body. Her wet lips brushed against Sarah's sensitive, wet labia while the tip of her nose batted at her clit. Sarah shivered and moaned longingly. She ran her hands through her hair again and cried out as the orgasm finally released.

A wave of liquid splashed out from the Sarah's pussy and coated Mandy's lips and tongue. She did her best to swallow what she could while letting the rest run down her cheeks and chin. Sarah convulsed and giggled uncontrollably. She fell over and parted from Mandy's face. Mandy propped herself up on her elbows and stared at her employer. She licked her lips tasting more of Sarah's delicious juices. She leaned over and planted her lips against Sarah's. The blonde tasted herself on Mandy. Her heart pounded in her chest and her cheeks were flushed. She giggled more but the sounds were lost in Mandy's mouth. She brought her legs up and wrapped them around Mandy's waist.

Erin continued her masturbating until she couldn't handle it any longer. A second orgasm ripped through her and left her feeling weak yet satisfied. Her eyes fluttered as a sleepy feeling began to overtake her. She giggled as she bowed her head. Her eyes closed and she felt herself drift off into a slumber as her babysitter and her wife continued to pleasure one another.

Sarah brushed her tongue along Mandy's lips. Mandy opened her mouth and gave the blonde permission to enter. Sarah slid her hands along Mandy's smooth back while the made out with each other. She gripped Mandy ass and made her thrust into her. Mandy giggled mid-kiss and then lifted herself. Sarah's legs parted and fell back to the bed. The blonde stared up at Mandy.
