 Many thanks to carsonshepherd and minsue for their help editing this story.

* * *

It had been a normal, boring suburban day. Chilly and rainy with a wind that cut through you and made it feel at least twenty degrees colder than it really was. Andrea hadn't seen the sun in two days. Another gloomily October in Michigan. 

It was only seven thirty and it was already dark. The only good thing about autumn was what was just beginning to happen to the trees all around. Beautiful colors forming from the dying of the leaves.

Of course, Andrea couldn't have cared less about all of that. Tonight was the night she'd be planning for all week. Tonight was the night that her best friend Cindy was going to spend the night and she'd been absolutely giddy all day. She and Cindy always had so much fun just hanging out in her room with the door locked and the shades drawn doing stuff her mom didn't even want to know about.

Usually that fact would be enough to keep her happy and smiling all day long, but not this evening. No, her mom had to go and mess it all up by suddenly developing a social life out of the thin air. Mom's can be such a pain at times.

"What do you mean I have to watch Philip?" Andrea was now whining to her mother as she touched up her lipstick in the bathroom mirror obviously trying her hardest to ignore her daughter who had just asked that question a mere two seconds ago. "Why can't you just get Aunt Rachel to watch him?"

"Andrea, we've already been through this," her Mom replied, her frustration restrained but still noticeable, "Rachel has watched your little brother enough this week. Besides, you're more than capable of taking care of your little brother for a few hours until he goes to bed."

"But Cindy." Andrea started to protest only to be interrupted by her mother.

"Will just make it that much easier for you. Really, Andrea, you've taken care of your brother before. He likes you, he does what you say and all you'll have to do is give him a snack, put in a movie and then tuck him into bed at nine. After that you and Cindy will have the whole house to yourselves until two. If everything looks good when I get back you might even make twenty dollars so you and Cindy can go to the movies tomorrow and you won't have to rake the lawn until tomorrow. I really don't see why you're complaining about this," her mother said calmly but firmly making it clear that the discussion, whether Andrea wanted to admit or not, was over.

Andrea just crossed her arms across her chest and walked away in a huff to her room while her mother smiled softly to herself. It really had been awhile since she'd actually been able to go out and have fun. Lately it had been all work, parent/teacher conferences, grocery shopping and doctor appointments. When her old college roommate and best friend had called her out of the blue earlier with an invitation to a night of drunken debauchery she just had to accept. She hadn't had more than two beers since the divorce had been finalized two years ago. She was well over do. 

That, and she really missed the fun she and Tiffany used to have back in college. That girl had taught her so much about sex and having fun and she was still the same old Tiffany from back in the day. Wild, crazy and flirtatious. She just knew they'd end up in a hotel room like the last time she'd been in town. Just the thought of it made her wet.

As Andrea reached the top of the stairs and found her way to her room she found it hard to resist slamming the door behind her. Deep down inside she knew she had no real reason to be pissed. Her mom was right. Watching Philip would be easy. For a five year old he was actually quite even tempered and he did listen to his big sister. She was actually the one who finally got him potty trained when her mom had all but given it up thinking it an impossible task. Watching her little brother would be cake.

Still, like any normal American child of the twenty-first century she would've preferred to have had her cake and eaten it too. A house to herself was a blessed event. A house to herself and her best friend would have been pure bliss. The loss of that rare opportunity was reason enough to pout for next fifteen minutes alone in her room while she waited for Cindy to be dropped off by her brother, so that's just what she did after she had finished flinging herself on her bed in dramatic fashion and rolled over to stare at the ceiling in weak anger.

It seemed like it was only seconds later that she was startled awake by a loud knocking on her door. She had apparently dozed off and it took her a few seconds to remember enough to ask who was there. The door swung open almost instantly to reveal Cindy standing in her doorway with her usual sarcastic smile firmly set on her cute, slightly tanned face.

Cindy and Andrea was different as night and day in so many ways it almost boggled the mind to think that they were friends. Andrea was the usual product of suburbia with her perfect dirty blonde hair in shoulder length cut framing a small cute, dimpled face with a delicate nose set below and between brightly innocent looking blue eyes. Her clothes always looked new and freshly cleaned as if she had a new outfit made everyday just for her. 

She was short and would probably always be, but her body was already showing the signs of smooth, gentle curves that would make her the envy of her classmates for years to come. Her breasts were small, but well shaped. At her age she was already finding herself turning down guys almost twice her age. Not that she had a problem saying no. She reveled in the attention, but, frankly, she just had no interest in the attentions of the opposite sex regardless of age.

Cindy, on the other hand, always wore clothes that seemed to be handed down from her two older brothers and her sister, because the vast majority of them were. They all had that well worn quality about them. Often they even had holes or permanent stains. Her hair was black as the night and went seemingly wherever it pleased without appearing to be too messy or nappy. Her skin had the light brown tone she'd inherited from her father's side of the family and her eyes deep brown from the same side.

Her body was a little more firmly planted on the side of womanhood than her slightly younger friend. Her breasts were a little larger, her butt a little fuller and her hips a bit more pronounced. She was the envy of all the young girls from the trailer park where she lived and spent most of her free time avoiding. Cindy had no problem admitting her hatred of her roots. The only thing her parents were good for was easily stolen money and booze. Even at her young age Cindy was more than acquainted to the joys of alcohol among other things.

It wasn't all economics and physiology, though. Andrea was the cheery optimist to Cindy's dark cynic. When they had first met Andrea had been firm believer in the artistic value of bubblegum pop while Cindy spent most of her time stealing what passed for punk cd's nowadays. Cindy had managed to wean Andrea off of the worst of cd collection with a mixture of Sleater-Kinney she'd borrowed from her sister and some Dead Kennedy's she'd "liberated" from the local music store. Cindy was all about the old school. It was one of the benefits of having siblings up to twelve years her senior. 

"What's up, sleepyhead?" Cindy teased as she shut the door behind her and walked over to Andrea's bed to have a seat.

"Nothing," replied Andrea as she rubbed her eyes, "Just waiting for you to get her to tell you the bad news."

"You mean the babysitting?" Cindy said with a frown and an eye roll as she shimmied her backpack off and onto the floor. Andrea just nodded and sneered in response as she sat up on her elbows.

"Yeah, my mom is going out with her old roommate or something. She won't be back until two."

"Old roommate, huh?" Cindy said with a wicked smile and raised eyebrows causing Andrea to giggle. "Shut up," Andrea said as she got up from her bed, "Not everyone's a pervert like you."

"Moi?" Cindy responded doing her best to look innocent and failing miserably. Andrea giggled again. Cindy did that to her. For some reason she always felt so giddy around her.

"Yes, you. Like you didn't know, you lesbo," 

"I wouldn't talk, missy. You didn't seem to mind my fingers in your." Cindy started, but was quickly interrupted by a gentle, yet firm push from Andrea.

"Shut up! I was drunk and you know it. That doesn't count. You took advantage of me, you slut." Andrea said adamantly, but somewhat unconvincingly to her still smirking friend.

"Like you didn't like it," countered Cindy calmly.

"That's beside the point. I'm no lesbian and you know it. Just remember that," Andrea said and then smiled meekly. Cindy's smirk was still there on her cute, deceptively angelic face. She knew the truth. All she needed was time and a little luck and Andrea would be hers.

The girls were forced to end their little game of hard to get by the sound of Andrea's mother yelling from downstairs. Andrea yelled her response and then returned her gaze to Cindy. Both girls frowned knowing that it meant that the most boring part of their night was about to begin. 

As they made their way downstairs Andrea noticed her mother standing by the door looking at her watch and frowning. She was shocked by how beautiful her mother looked in her sleek, low-cut black dress that had been hanging in her closest since her last big date with the asshole cop she'd dated right after the divorce. It was absolutely amazing. This wasn't the same woman that had fixed her supper only a few hours earlier. This was a thirty-five year old goddess.

From the whistle she heard coming from Cindy she knew she wasn't the only one who thought so. For a second she thought that maybe Cindy had been right about what was going to happen tonight between her mother and this old roommate. She quickly let that thought exit her mind though. Her mom was no lesbian. Was she?

"Nice dress, Miss Evans. You look awesome," Andrea heard her friend say as they reached the bottom of the stairs. Her mother just smiled broadly and thanked Cindy politely before returning instantly to her role as mother to give Andrea her instructions for the evening. It was all stuff Andrea had heard a thousand times before.

"And remember," her mother finished, "If everything looks good and I don't hear anything bad from your little brother or," and she placed emphasis on this part and looked at both girls with a stern expression on her face, "from the neighbors there'll be some money in this for you both. Understand?" Both girls nodded their agreement.

"Don't worry Mom," Andrea said in her best reassuring tone, "everything will be fine."

"Good, now your brother is the living room watching Finding Nemo. Once it's over I want him in bed, so you might get working on that snack. Now, give me a kiss and I'll see you in the morning if you're not up, which you'd better not be." Andrea kissed her mom on the cheek and said good-bye as her mom went out the door.

"Someone's going to get some pussy." Andrea heard Cindy say in a sing-song voice behind her. She turned around to see her friend smiling a knowing smile and Andrea just rolled her eyes at her.

"Come on, let's go make that snack. We only have an hour and then we can have fun."

For the next hour the girls tended to the minimal needs of Andrea's younger brother. Well, Andrea did while Cindy made herself at home on the couch and enjoyed the movie and chatted with Philip about his day at kindergarten when he wasn't staring blankly at the screen watching computerized anthropomorphized fish do their thing. Not that Andrea cared. Throwing a bag of popcorn in the microwave was hardly a two person job.

Finally, nine o' clock rolled around. The cute, little clown fish was reunited with his father and all was right on the reef and Phillip was already yawning and having trouble staying awake. As the final credits rolled on the screen Andrea picked up her little brother and carried him upstairs to his bed. She tucked him in and gave him kiss goodnight. He was out before she even got to the door.

"He's asleep," Andrea said as her bare feet hit the cool tile of the breezeway to Cindy who was standing in front of the entertainment center DVD in hand.

"Awesome," Cindy said as she bent over a bit and put the disc in the player. "Now I can watch you piss your pants in fear."

"Please. Like I've never seen a zombie movie before," came the flippantly indignant reply from Andrea as she planted herself on the couch. She was quickly joined by Cindy who sat down right next to her despite the abundance of room on the massive sofa.

"Don't try to act all brave like I don't know any better," teased Cindy as she snuggled up to her friend and pulled an afghan off the back of the couch and threw it over both of their legs. Cindy's arm quickly found it's way around Andrea's shoulder. Andrea's head found it's natural spot on resting on Cindy's shoulder with a resigned sigh.

"Oh, shut up," Andrea replied quietly as she made herself comfortable leaning against Cindy's soft body, "the movie's starting."

As they watched the movie the girls remained close only shifting when it was necessary, but never losing contact with each other. Andrea would never admit it, but loved the feel of Cindy's body touching hers. The soft skin, her warmth, her smell. It was all so comfortable and right. 

It was weird. She was hardly a touchy feely person. Far from it in fact. She hadn't hugged or kissed her mother in ages. She'd lost every boyfriend she'd ever had (all three of them) because she'd just never been comfortable enough with them. Sure, she made out with them, one even got as far as feeling up her breasts, but it just never felt right. 

Not that she was lesbian. At least she didn't think she was. She was just curious. Besides, fingering a girl didn't make her a lesbian. She was just returning a favor anyway. It was more like a drunken experiment than actual sex, right?

That night had been a lot like this one. Cindy had come over to spend the night while Andrea's mom had gone out with her girlfriends for a drink. Philip had been spending the night at his dad's like he did a couple of times a month. They didn't have the same father. Not that it mattered to Andrea. He was still her little brother.

The plan had been to watch a couple of movies then go to bed and wake up the next morning and go to the mall so Cindy could help Andrea spend what was left of her birthday money on some cd's. Andrea was getting bored with the teeny bopper crap she'd been listening to and, though she hated to admit it, Cindy had great taste in music and had knowledge of bands that Andrea had never even heard of. The girl knew her pop culture. 

The plan had gone great for awhile. They watched the first movie, some boring teeny movie Andrea had picked out on a whim much to Cindy's dismay. Then they watched the second one, a sad, sappy movie of Cindy's choosing which also sucked.

It was half through the second movie that Cindy had brought out the bottle of irish cream and had non-chalantly took a swig and passed it to Andrea.

"What the hell is this?" Andrea asked as she sniffed the bottle. It smelled sweet and definitely alcoholic. She'd smelled her mom's rum before. This wasn't half as bad, but it was definitely booze.

"Irish cream," Cindy said, still playing it cool, "Drink it. It's good. You'll like it. It might help make this movie interesting."

"But isn't this alcohol?" Andrea asked quietly as if she was afraid of being caught despite the absence of an adult presence.

"Yeah," Cindy had replied a little sarcastically, "Just drink it, Andrea. It aint gonna kill you or anything. It tastes good. You'll like it. Trust me."

That did it. If Andrea had one weakness it was peer pressure. She couldn't stand to be viewed as a wet blanket ruining anybody's fun. It also helped to know that regardless of whether she drank any or not Cindy was going to get drunk. She actually seen her drink before and she'd tried to talk Andrea into joining in then too. Luckily( or unluckily) Andrea had had to go home early that first night so she had an easy out. She didn't have that luxury that night.

So Andrea swallowed her fears as she took a swig from the bell shaped bottle of sweet liqueur and gagged. Cindy laughed at her and urged to take another swig. Andrea looked at her a bit incredulously, but obeyed. This time she took a smaller drink and avoided smelling it. To her surprise it actually tasted pretty good after you got past the slight tinge of alcohol. Like a sweet chocolate milk, but entirely different. Without being urged she took another swig before handing it back to back to a smiling Cindy.

"It's good isn't it?" Cindy asked before taking drink herself. Andrea just nodded as she grabbed the bottle from Cindy and took another gulp. The girls kept passing it back and forth until they emptied the bottle of every last drop of it's contents. By the time they were done Andrea had downed more than her share, but Cindy didn't seem to mind. In fact, she just pulled another bottle from her bag and the girls managed to finish it off before the credits rolled on the second and, as it turned out, final movie.

By the time they were done drinking both girls were a loud, giggly mess. Andrea was spouting off anything that came to her mind and Cindy wasn't any better. Andrea still wasn't quite sure how the subject of sex had come about, but she knew that once it was brought up it became the sole subject of discussion.

Cindy did most of the talking considering that between the two of them she was the only one with any real experience. Andrea remembered her friend going into great detail about the time she let her oldest brother's best friend eat her pussy because she was bored. Her love of detail caused Andrea to giggle like a fool. Apparently he was rather unimpressive.

When Cindy started talking about her experiences with girls Andrea stopped laughing. Instead she listened with rapt attention to every detail they came from Cindy's expressively dirty mouth. Even at her young age Cindy had had quite a few experiences with girls. Many Andrea knew and more then a few came as quite shock. One in particular caught her attention.

"You fucked Becky Silverman?" Andrea had asked in disbelief.

"Hell yeah, she was good too. Why? Did you know her something?" Cindy had responded.

"She was my best friend back in seveanth grade. I can't believe you fucked her. She was always such a prude. She wouldn't even masturbate in front of m." Andrea suddenly stopped herself, but it was too late. Cindy had her and pounced upon her admission.

"You, little miss virgin prude, have masturbated in front of people? You're fucking kidding me!" Cindy nearly yelled as she smiled broadly. Andrea just blushed and froze. She'd never told anybody about that and she had never planned on it. 

"Oh, come on. Don't be all embarrassed," Cindy chided her. "I just told you a bunch of shit and you can't talk about the one time you masturbated in front of some girl? Don't be a pussy, Andrea."

"We didn't do it," Andrea said quietly distressed by the fact that her past was now the focus of the conversation.

"Well, why not?" Cindy had pressed on, "Come on don't be shy. I was just teasing you. I'm your best friend. I'm not going to make fun of you."

"I don't know," Andrea sighed, "She didn't want to."

"But you did, huh?" Cindy asked. 

"Well, yeah," Andrea admitted openly, "It was my idea."

"Did you do it anyway?" Cindy pushed the questioning further. The subject intrigued her and turned her on.

"No!" Andrea said loudly. "What do you think I am, a perv?"

"Apparently," Cindy cracked and Andrea blushed causing Cindy laugh gently at her friend. "Oh, come on. If you're a pervert for wanting to watch a girl masturbate and I actually had sex with her what does that make me?" Cindy said as she leaned over slightly as she put her hand on Andrea's arm. 
