 It was a very hot day and I had just gotten a call from my friend Nicole. "Why don't you come over and go for a swim?" she said in that sultry voice of hers. "I'll make us some margaritas." It was just what I needed to hear. I'd had a hard week at work, driving all over town in heavy traffic in 100-degree heat in order to try and meet my sales quota. It had been extremely frustrating and the thought of jumping into the pool and having some frozen margaritas while we lay out in the evening sun was too tempting to turn down. "I'll be right over," I said. "Just come around back, I'll be out by the pool," she said before hanging up. Nicole was probably my best friend in town. She was a smart, successful woman who also happened to be extremely beautiful. She had long blond hair, baby blue eyes and a killer body with gorgeous legs. Living in a house with a pool meant that she also had a nice tan. 

I drove up to her house and walked around to the back. "Over here!" she said as she heard me open the gate. Her back was to me as she sat in a lounge chair. When I approached, I was surprised to see that she was completely nude, lying back in her lounge chair with her left leg up, her legs slightly parted. 

"Wow! Where's your swim suit?" I asked.

"Don't need one, I mean what's the point?"

"But what about your neighbors?"

"They can't see anything, the fence is too high."

"Where's Steve?" Steve was her husband.

"He's out of town for the week. Girl's night eh?" she exclaimed. "C'mon! Take your clothes off."

I wasn't quite expecting this. I had brought a bikini along but I thought it might be awkward for one of us to be lying there in a swimsuit while the other was completely naked. 

"Are you sure no one can see us?"

"Yeah, definitely, besides, I'm kind of an exhibitionist anyway. Why not give the neighbors a show?" 

I thought about it awhile and thought, "Why not?" Actually, the thought of lying out in the sun naked had always appealed to me. I took off my high heels and unbuttoned my blouse before unzipping my skirt and removing my bra and panties. Now both of us were lying out there in lounge chairs, basking in the sun. 

"I'll go and get us some margaritas," Nicole said. When she got up and walked, I got a full view of her magnificent body. Her tits were a solid 35 C cup and they jiggled slightly as she walked towards the kitchen. Her ass was nice and firm, not too big, just right and you could see her pussy, which was shaved, between her legs as she moved. I felt myself getting slightly aroused watching her. I was a total heterosexual woman and was surprised to find myself feeling this way. I turned to look at myself in the reflection of the sliding glass patio doors as I lay there without any clothes on in the lounge chair. Now I'm a 36 C cup myself with long, auburn hair. I work out and jog and keep in shape and am proud of my firm ass and shapely legs but I hadn't been out in the sun as much as Nicole and it showed. Maybe nude sunbathing wasn't such a bad idea after all. Being outdoors in the nude felt good. The feel of the sun's rays warming my bare skin was so sensual. This was a new sensation to me and I felt myself getting really turned on, wondering why I hadn't tried this years ago.

Nicole returned with the drinks and handed me one. The alcohol hit my stomach and then my blood stream and loosened all of the strings that had been wound so tight in my body from the intense week. 

"You're looking good girl!" Nicole told me. "Been working out I see."

"Looks like you've been keeping yourself in shape as well," I replied. "And you shaved too."

"Yeah, I did. Been doing it for years. Feels good too. You should try it."

"Yeah, maybe one day."

"I mean now. I have a new package of razors in the bathroom you could use."

"Seriously?"

"Yeah, why not. You'll be glad you did. It feels good to not have all that hair there, especially during sex."

I figured, "What the hell?" and headed for her bathroom. It felt so good walking while naked. I could feel my tits bounce and my ass cheeks jiggle as I walked. The breezes felt good against my bare snatch too. I turned and looked back and saw Nicole watching me, a smile on her face. 

In her bathroom I looked at myself in the mirror. I was a good-looking woman appreciating her own body. I grabbed my tits and squeezed them and ran my hand over my vulva before grabbing the shaving cream and razor. In a few minutes my pussy was hairless and I marveled at how good it felt. Nicole was right. I ran my hands down over my bare pussy. I loved the feeling.

I walked back outside and saw Nicole watching me. 

"Ooh mama!" she exclaimed. "What a pretty pussy you have my dear."

"Thank-you," I replied. 

"Wanna go for a swim?" she asked.

"Why not?" So we jumped into the pool. The feel of the cool water all over my naked body was equally sensual as had been the experience of lying in the sun. The water swirled around between my legs and my wet hair laid down on the back of my neck. 

"We forgot our drinks," said Nicole. She got up out of the pool and walked over to the table, returning with the margaritas. She handed me mine and then got back in the pool, standing right in front of me, only a few inches away. I found myself looking at her again, wondering what it would feel like to kiss her. The tequila made my body warm and started my sexual energy flowing. 

"So Janice, how do you feel?" Nicole asked.

"Fucking awesome," I replied. Right at that moment, Nicole reached past me to put her drink on the edge of the pool. As she did, she leaned against me and our bodies met in the water, her tits brushing up against mine. She put her hand on my shoulder for support. Without thinking of what I was doing, I put my arm around her waist and held her close to me, and then I put my drink on the poolside behind me. We didn't let go but just stood there, waist deep in the water, with our arms around each other. Then Nicole surprised me by leaning in and kissing me on the lips. 

"You know, I always wanted to feel your tits," she said. "Do you mind?" 

"Not at all," I replied. She reached forward and started feeling my tits, her pelvis was pressed against mine and our vulvas rubbed together in the water. "That feels good," I told her. I felt my hand slide down over her ass as she continued to feel my tits and touch my nipples. Then she leaned in again and we started kissing, really kissing. Mouths open and tongues rubbing together as she continued to feel my tits. 

"You've got nice tits too," I said when we stopped to catch our breath. She leaned forward, proffering her beautiful breasts so I reached forward and started feeling them. They were natural and firm. I squeezed them and played with the nipples, and then we kissed again. I felt her hand reach down to my ass and slide her hand over it, which felt fantastic.

"I can't believe we're doing this," I said.

"I've wanted to do this for a long time."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

"And now here we are."

"So, do you wanna make love?"

"Sure, why not?" I said. Maybe it was the margaritas. Maybe it was just because I had broken up with my boyfriend a few weeks back and hadn't had any sex in a long time or maybe it was just because I had really wanted to experiment with girl/girl sex for a long time and hadn't really paid any attention to it, pushed it to the back of my mind, just waiting for the right opportunity to come along and now here it was. 

"The sun's about to set and it's gonna get dark soon," she said. "Let's go inside to the bedroom where we can get more comfortable. 

Nicole grabbed me by the hand and led me inside to her bedroom. She grabbed a towel and we dried each other off. Then we stood there in her bedroom with our arms around each other and our mouths open, our tongues swirling around in each other's mouths while our hands explored each other's bodies. Nicole had one hand on my tit and the other on my ass when she kissed me. The feeling was incredible. I'd never kissed another woman before and the feeling was sensational. Maybe it was just because it was new. I don't know but I found myself loving every minute of it. 

"Let's sit down on the bed," she said and so we sat down side-by-side and continued kissing. Nicole had one hand on my thigh and the other behind my head as we made out. My hands were reaching under to feel her gorgeous ass. Her hand was right next to my pussy and I thought I would go wild when she moved her hand over and started to feel my pussy. She rubbed her hand over my vulva first, which felt incredibly good after being freshly shaved. Then she moved her finger down to my clit. I felt myself getting wet as she rubbed my clit and kissed me on the neck. I let out a gasp as she then slid two fingers inside me and started masturbating me as our mouths met again in a kiss. 

"Lay back," she ordered so I slid back on the bed so that I was fully stretched out. She kissed me on the mouth again, then the neck and moved her mouth down to my tits which she kissed all over before she reached the nipple of one tit and started to suck on it, all the while reaching down to feel my pussy and bang me with her finger. "This feels so good!" I told her. She moved down my body, kissing every inch of it, down to my legs, kissing my thighs and the area right next to my pussy before she placed her lips right on my cunt and started kissing it. I moaned and sighed with pleasure. I couldn't believe my eyes. Here was this gorgeous female who was kissing me on the lips of my vagina like no man had ever done. She moved my lips apart and started licking me. Licking my lips. Licking the walls of my pussy. Licking my clitoris. Then she parted my lips even farther and stuck her tongue down inside the hole. I could feel her tongue swirling around inside. I had my legs parted as far as they would go. I looked down and our eyes met as she continued to lick the inside of my cunt hole. She reached up and started feeling my tit again and I grabbed her hand. Soon we were holding hands while she moved her tongue back to my clitoris, which she licked slowly at first before picking up the rhythm. Moving her tongue over and over again over the pleasure spot. I leaned my head back and moaned as I felt a very intense orgasm coming on. The moment got closer and closer till I felt my entire body shudder as the tension reached its climax and I came in one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever experienced. 

"Oh! That was fucking awesome!" I exclaimed. 

Nicole kissed my pussy before coming up to kiss me on the lips. I could taste myself on her mouth as our tongues met in one of the most passionate, post coital moments of my entire life.

"So, you ever eaten pussy before?" She asked.

"No, but I'm willing to try."

She laid on the bed next to me. I reached over and ran my hands over her naked body, kissing her naked skin as I went along. I kissed her tits and nipples and fondled her pussy. Her nipples were firm and felt good in my mouth as I sucked them and ran my tongue over them. She moaned and sighed and told me how good it felt. "You're so beautiful," she said. I lay on top of her and felt our naked bodies come together, our breasts together, our vulvas touching, and our legs intertwined. I slowly slid down her entire body, kissing and licking her skin as I went along till I came to her legs. Then I moved her legs apart so that her pussy was in right front of me. "You have a nice cunt," I told her and she moaned when she heard those words. I kissed her thighs and then started kissing her pussy. She had full lips and I kissed and licked her lips, which made her moan even more. Her pussy smelled good and tasted even better. I spread her lips and saw her hole open up in front of me. I kissed the hole of her pussy before sticking my tongue inside. I'd always wondered what it would be like to lick another woman's pussy and now I had my chance to find out. I stuck my tongue in as far as I could, spreading her legs and pussy lips to give my tongue more room to explore the inside of her gorgeous cunt. She writhed and moaned on the bed and told me again and again how good it felt. "Yeah! Fuck me with your tongue," she said. "I love it when you stick your tongue inside me." Then I started to suck her very firm clitoris and flicked my tongue over it again and again. She rested her hand on top of my head, running her fingers through my hair. I kept sucking and licking her clit and she arched her back even more. "Damn that feels good!" she exclaimed. "You're gonna make me come." It felt good to be able to do this to her, watch her get all excited, watch her get an orgasm right there in front of me. I looked up and our eyes met and there was an instant, intimate connection that I had not expected. "Oooh! Oh god!" she kept saying till I felt her body get tense and shudder. I knew she was having an orgasm. She finally crested that moment and lay there with her body limp and my face between her legs, my lips covered with her cum. 

"Come here baby," she said and pulled me up to give me a kiss on the lips. "That was wonderful. Thank you."

"You're welcome," I said. 

She pulled me next to her on the bed and we lay there kissing each other. 

"You gonna spend the night?" she asked.

"I can," I replied.

"Good," she said and pulled the bed quilt over the two of us. We lay there naked, our legs entwined and our arms wrapped around each other. She laid her head on my chest and her legs over mine. I felt fantastic. Lying with a beautiful naked woman in my arms after a night of awesome sex. Soon we fell asleep. I woke up in the morning with the sun coming through the window and Nicole in my arms. She was lying there asleep, breathing softly. She woke up and kissed me on the lips. 

"Thanks so much for coming over last night and for spending the night with me. I had a really good time," she told me.

"I had a good time too. We should do this again sometime."

"How about right now," she said and smiled.

"Sounds good to me." So we got up and brushed our teeth and got back into bed. Nicole lay right on top of me and we made out for a long time. I was so turned on thinking of what we were about to do.

"Do you wanna fuck?" she asked.

"How?" 

"Like this," she said and pulled me up so that we were sitting on the bed facing each other. Then she slid one leg under mine and the other on top and pulled me to her so that our pussies were touching. 

"Oh! I like that," I said.

"I thought you would."

It felt so good to have her naked, shaved pussy touching mine. We didn't move at first, just sat there with our pussy lips and clits together and had a real heavy make out session with some real passionate kissing. We felt each other's tits and asses while kissing, and then we started moving, grinding our hips so that our clits were rubbing against each other. 

"God!" I exclaimed. "I love this!"

We kept rocking our cunts together; building a rhythm while our pussies got wet and I could feel my clit start throbbing with pleasure.

"Oh yeah!" she said. "I love fucking you. God that feels good. Do like it baby? Do you like fucking me?"

"Yes!" I replied.

"Your pussy feels so good. You've got such a hot little cunt."

Hearing her talk like this really added to my arousal. 

"Let's do a 69," she told me.

"Okay but I want you on top. I want to see your hot little ass."

"God I love it when you talk dirty to me."

She got on top of me; I spread my legs with her head between them. I looked up at her gorgeous butt, her hot little asshole and gorgeous pussy. We started kissing each other's legs and pussies before licking and tongue fucking each other. I was pretty close to an orgasm already from fucking her and it didn't take me very long to get there. I came in a wave of euphoria just as Nicole's body started to shiver and she climaxed with her pussy dripping onto my face. 

We lay there for a few minutes kissing each other's pussies some more before she turned around and kissed me on the lips. 

"You're a good fuck," she told me.

"You're not bad yourself," I replied. "I gotta get to work," I said and got up and started getting dressed. She watched me as I put my panties on and then my skirt and blouse. 

"Walk me to the door," I said and she got up naked and held my hand as I walked to her front door and turned around to give her one final kiss. 

"Let's do this again soon," she said as I turned to walk outside.

"You don't have to ask me twice," I said and walked out to my car. I was thoroughly satisfied. I could get used to this.