 I've done a lot of nasty shit since I started escorting on the side last year. I'm proud of it all. But some of my very favourite bookings have been bachelorette parties. I've done three so far - two set up through my web site, and the last one by word of mouth. There's nothing like getting to showcase my sleazy, exhibitionistic side in front of a group of other women - at least some of whom are completely unsuspecting.

Let me tell you how the last one back in June went down.

I have an arrangement with this lovely upscale spa in Bellevue, Washington, where I started going for my pedicures and leg massages last year. The owner, Melinda, is a 50-something former occupational therapist who knows about my kinky secret life. She's married to a man but her biggest fantasy is to be with a bisexual woman like me. She really gets off on hearing my stories: who I fucked, where I did it, how much I got paid.

Melinda has a great body: long red hair curling down to her shoulders, huge tits with nipples that stand out, and an ass that demands to be squeezed, just like mine. I told her from the very start that she had an open invitation to play with me - or even come on an outcall to perform in a duo with me.

Now, the spa closes at six daily. And sometimes, I pay Melinda to use the spa after hours for my bookings. It's the perfect setting for one of my special bachelorette parties.

My June booking was done in person at a downtown coffee shop with two women, Suzanne and Carmen. Suzanne had heard about the show I put on at a friend's niece's bachelorette party over Christmas, on a ski getaway in Aspen.

"Wow," said Suzanne, staring at me with fascination. She adjusted her fashion-forward black spectacles and pushed her dark hair off one ear. She was in her mid-40's and reminded me of the actress Robin Weigert from Concussion. "That sounds fantastic, Frederika. Did they manage to get the stains out of the carpet?"

"It was a rental," I said with a smirk. "No one really gave a fuck. Least of all me."

I sipped my cappuccino as traffic whizzed past the window. If there's a preliminary meeting, I always dress very professionally so that no one walking by could tell what I like to do in my spare time. But hinting at my secret job is so much fun. Along with my professional black pantsuit, I wore silver eyeshadow and huge, gold hoop earrings. My white blouse was unbuttoned just a little lower than necessary, giving both Suzanne and Carmen a great look at my ample cleavage.

Carmen exchanged a glance with Suzanne and they smiled. Blonde and efferverscent, Carmen was a little younger and a little taller than Suzanne, very slender but curvy. I used to go to a drum circle at a local beach, and there was always this very attractive Eastern European dancer there. Something about Carmen's face reminded me of her.

"I really love your attitude," said Carmen. "It's really exciting - actually, empowering - to hear about another woman acting and talking this way. Rochelle and I are always reading these erotic novels where, you know, the women are highly sexual, but to see it in person...wow."

"The more I fuck, the more I exhibit myself for my own pleasure and everyone else's, the more confident I become," I replied. A woman at the next table caught a snatch of what I said and glanced over in shock. I met her gaze openly.

My cunt was soaked just from this conversation. I reached across the table and put my hand on Suzanne's. "Now, let's talk terms."

Suzanne smiled at my touch. "Well, we're looking at a party of five total, because our bride said to keep it small," she said. "Carmen, me, Rochelle (that's the bride), Nancy, and Lavinia."

"A little more background would be lovely," I said. "I always want to get to know my audience better. Of course, this is all strictly confidential."

"Rochelle works with me at my legal firm," said Suzanne. "We went to Oregon State together and have been close friends for more than 20 years. Carmen and I met at my gym - we both go to Curves. I introduced her to Rochelle, and we all go out most weekends. We've been talking about training for one of those Tough Mudder-type races together. Nancy I've only met once. She's a winemaker in the Napa Valley and is flying up here for the party. Just got divorced. A high school friend of Rochelle's. And Lavinia is Rochelle's friend from the book club: she moved out here from Montreal to do her graduate work at the University of Washington."

"Who else knows about your plans for the party?"

"We told Rochelle we were going to do something 'girly,'" said Suzanne. "That's all she knows, and that's what she told her fiance. Nancy, like Carmen and I, is so bi-curious she's about to explode. Lavinia doesn't know anything about our plans."

"Oh, I like the sound of this," I said, showing my tongue between my teeth. "And you're going to mail me some photos."

"I'm on top of it," said Carmen.

"Are you sure you're on top?" I said flirtatiously. "Well, give me the envelope, and I'll confirm next Saturday with Melinda."

Suzanne took a cream-colored envelope out of her Gucci handbag and slid it over to me. I peeked inside to confirm. Fifty percent up front. Fifteen hundred bucks in crisp new hundred-dollar bills. My standard hourly rate is 600 an hour, but I charge more for a party like this.

I tucked the envelope into my pocket and we all stood up. "It was a pleasure meeting you both," I said. I kissed Suzanne on the lips and Carmen on the side of the neck as other patrons watched with open envy and curiosity. "See you at the spa."

The following Saturday, Melinda laid on two masseuses for after-hours so everyone at my party could get a massage to start off.

Pavlina, the Czech girl, is my personal favourite. Whenever she does my legs, I always make sure my skirt is hiked high enough that she can't avoid getting a really good look at my completely unshaven cunt. I also get a huge kick out of seeing her talking in whispers to the other attendants, telling them what I like to do and how I like to be seen. Everybody at the spa knows that I'm an escort, and I love the looks I get whenever I come in.

But I digress.

In the spacious, intimately lit relaxation area, Suzanne introduced me to the other women as the caterer, maintaining the element of surprise. Melinda had ordered out for a wonderful spread of antipasti, vegetarian canapes, prosciutto, and red wine. I brought it in on a huge tray. I was wearing another one of my professional costumes: a red-and-black apron over a white jacket and black pants with pumps.

I pretended to busy myself with checking the tableware on the nearby dinner table. But I was really checking out the other women, all wrapped up in their spa robes and glowing from their treatments.

Rochelle, the bride-to-be, was black, shapely and French-Canadian. Her long hair was braided and beaded, and she laughed loudly when Suzanne clinked glasses with her and said: "We're going to make that fantasy of yours come true tonight. You know which one."

"Oh, let's fuckin' do this already!" said Nancy, a curly-haired brunette with pale skin and a plump figure. Her apple-sized breasts were half-exposed as she'd undone her robe to the navel. "I don't know how much more teasing I can take. When I come up here, I want to fuckin' let loose. Rochelle, do you remember me telling you about that time at the Fairmont? I was going to do a threesome with this guy from Amazon because he promised me his girlfriend would let me eat her pussy. Well, I show up at the bar and the motherfucker never even - "

"Frederika, could I trouble you for another glass of rose?" Lavinia cut in. She was about 27, with light green eyes, and silky blonde hair. She looked like the kind of woman who didn't know how pretty she was - no makeup, a little frown mark between her eyebrows. The kind of woman who spent hours inside a science lab, which apparently she did. She seemed a bit nervous. Suzanne had told me Lavinia had never attended a bachelorette party before.

I looked straight into Lavinia's eyes as I refilled her glass. There was something about her that made me feel very aggressive. I knew I could easily hold her down with my strength if I wanted.

I went over to the sideboard and checked my watch, which I'd discreetly left there. Eight o'clock. It was time to begin.

Melinda entered the room and placed a loaf of fresh-baked bread on the table, next to a blue porcelain bowl of cherries. She moved to the stereo against the far wall and turned on a sensual Latin groove. She then sat down in an overstuffed leather arm chair off to the side, away from where the main group was sitting and chatting.

I stepped forward. "Ladies, we're about to move on to the main course," I said. "But first, there's something I'd like to show you."

All eyes turned my way. I love these moments.

I reached back and untied my apron strings. I cast the apron on the floor.

"Uh...what are you doing?" Rochelle asked, giggling nervously.

"Wait and see," I told her. I came over and sat on the arm of her chair. Unbuttoning my white jacket slowly, I sighed as I reached inside and fondled my breasts through the blouse underneath. I'd gone braless and my nipples stood out through the fabric.

All of the women except Lavinia applauded as they realized what was starting to happen. Still, Lavinia craned forward to watch my performance, her mouth slightly agape with curiosity.

"Holy shit," said Nancy. "This is a lot hotter than some fuckin' male stripper."

"This?" I said challengingly. "You mean this?" I stood up in front of the group and confidently lowered my slacks to just below my ass cheeks. I was wearing a brand-new pair of black lace silk panties that I'd bought at Bellefleur Lingerie for the occasion.

I turned my head and looked back at Rochelle, my hips slowly swaying to the rhythm. "You like seeing this, Rochelle? Was this in your fantasy?"

"Oh yes, yes, yes, yes," Rochelle said. "This is amazing." I could see that she had tucked a hand inside her robe, between her thighs, and it was moving to and fro.

"Then show me your appreciation." I eased out of my pumps, took off my slacks, and moved slowly over to Rochelle. I turned my ass toward the black woman's face and felt her reverently kissing my cheeks from behind. My clit was totally engorged from what I was doing and feeling.

"Who wants to hold hands with me while Rochelle worships my beautiful ass?" I said. Suzanne arose and took my left hand , while Carmen came over to grip my right. "That's it," I said. "That's my two sisters. That's all of us together, enjoying this, woman to woman."

The women helped me take off my top and now I was fully nude and free to show off.

Nancy finished off her red wine and opened up her robe to the floor. Her pubic hair was trimmed in an aggressive black V and she had very ragged inner labia. She was frigging furiously with her right hand as she watched me with the other women. Rochelle had taken my panties and squeezed them up tight between my ass cheeks from behind.

I loved knowing that when Rochelle got fucked by her new husband, she'd be actually creaming to thoughts of worshipping my ass.

Carmen leaned in with a smile and kissed me full on the mouth. "I've been wanting to kiss those lips ever since we met at the coffee shop," she said. "I was so jealous when I saw your tongue touch Suzanne's."

I was feeling unbelievably sensual. Melinda was watching me from the armchair and had lifted up her red flowered skirt. She produced a small blue vibrator and applied it to her clit through her pantyhose. She let out a loud, guttural grunt of pleasure when she saw Suzanne lean down to put her hand down the front of my panties.

The whole room was redolent with aroused pussy. The shocked look on Lavinia's face made all of this especially delicious.

"Want to go down on me, Nancy?" I demanded.

Nancy nodded eagerly and pulled off her robe. Completely nude, she knelt and pushed her curly head between my thighs. She pulled my panties down slowly with her teeth, looking up at me for approval.

"Oh baby...so beautiful," said Suzanne, reaching down to stroke her friend's hair. Rochelle had come around to watch me getting eaten out.

"Is this how you like it, Frederika?" Nancy said, as she slowly began to run her tongue up and down my full cunt lips.

"Yeah," I groaned. I began to aggressively fuck Nancy's face, pushing my crotch hard into her, making her shove her tongue up inside me. "Do you like what you see, Lavinia? Melinda does."

"I'm really excited," Lavinia confessed. She came over and kissed me on the cheek. "I'm straight, but the way you act makes me want to...do what Nancy is doing."

"Then do it," I told her. "Everyone here is welcome to lick my cunt. That's what you girls are paying for, isn't it?"

Melinda vacated her armchair so I could recline in it, surrounded by women. Lavinia got down and pushed her face into my cunt. If she hadn't eaten pussy before, she could have fooled me. Her tongue found its way straight to my bead, driving me crazy with little flicks and caresses.

Everyone was reaching in to fondle me, masturbating and cheering me on.

Rochelle leaned in with a smile and wrapped her full lips around my left nipple. My orgasm was nearing rapidly.

Melinda said: "I'm going to start tonight. I want to go bi." She produced her huge right tit and fed it into my mouth. I sucked hungrily on her big, diamond-hard nipple.

"I love orgies," I said loudly. "Jesus Christ, fuck me and suck me. Fuck me and suck me!" My whole body stiffened up as the straight girl sucked my fucking clit right into her mouth.

I let out a yell of triumph as my orgasm hit hard. The women were all over me as I just let go, screaming and clutching them against me. This was more than a performance. This was a true orgiastic release. And I needed it badly.

The night turned unbelievably wild and raunchy. Carmen stuffed her pussy with ripe cherries and we ate them out of her as a group. I can still remember the others cheering me on as I performed in a 69 with Lavinia, her on the bottom, forced to lick me out again as I straddled her pretty young face. And later I fingered Rochelle to a huge G-spot orgasm...while Suzanne fucked me with the empty bottle of rose and Nancy inserted her tongue right up my ass.

Rochelle's wedding was still weeks away. But she insisted that I had to be added to the guest list, and I was. That, however, is another story.