 This is a story of pure fiction. We write for enjoyment. Please take the time to rate this story and all comments are appreciated.

*****

Alex Baker strolled along West Adams past the growing line of hopefuls waiting for the opportunity for admittance into 'The Cherry Stem'; the current hot spot in Lesbian bars in Atlanta. She was walking slow, admiring the well-dressed young professionals. It was nine thirty on a clear skied Saturday night. She hesitated as her eyes roamed over a perfect little round ass snuggly nestled under a little black dress that was short enough to cause the most conservative lesbian's mouth to water. The girl was maybe twenty. She was a real beauty with perfect complexion, brilliant red curls and the longest tan legs Alex had seen in a while. 

When she reached the head of the line, there was a large woman named Bess with a clip board. "My, my Ms. Baker. How nice to see you."

"And you." Alex replied. "Busy." Alex added.

"Saturday night." Bess shrugged. "Mostly amateurs." 

Alex looked back down the line. The girl was leaning to see if there was any line movement. 

"You out trolling tonight?" Bess smiled at her.

Alex smiled back. "Not really but if I was, that little black dress could interest me." 

Bess looked down the line and then at Alex. "The fuck you say?" She said. "That could set off my Geiger counter."

Alex grinned. "True, but I have learned not to jump at first impressions."

Bess looked down the line one more time and then laughed. "Well, sweetie, you can afford to be a little picky. I would jump that in a second." She waved the clip board toward the door. "Go. Have a good time." As Alex entered the bar, someone said. "Well fuck me."

Then she heard Bess say. "No thanks." Followed by. "Hey Red. Yea, you sweetie. Come up here" Alex smiled.

Alex was twenty eight, five-nine, short blonde hair, slim and trim and gorgeous. At one point, she had found herself, in a way, forced into becoming a call-girl in order to earn enough money to finish college, that was ten years ago and that career had lasted three years. Out of school and already tired of fucking fat middle-aged men, she abruptly stopped. But that meant she would need another source of income. And that was when she met Anna James. Anna introduced her to lesbianism, then taught her how she could earn a very good income doing just that, as an escort for wealthy female businesswomen and the elite of the Atlanta upper class.

Over the next seven years, Anna moved away, Alex had expanded her business to include five other young beauties who worked exclusively through her service and now, she was busy enough that she spent most all of her time, booking services and collecting fees and only took escort assignments with long time clients or very special individuals.

Alex found a stool near the end the bar and was just setting down when Clair Anderson, the owner came up behind her. "Where the hell have you been? It's been weeks." 

"Yea, sorry." Alex offered. "It's been really busy."

"Well, good to see you." Clair said.

"Hey." Alex said. "There might be a little black dress arriving real soon. You suppose you might guide her toward this seat?" Alex nodded at the empty stool beside her.

"How else will I recognize her?" Claire asked.

"Trust me." Alex said.

Claire smiled. "Of course."

Alex ordered a Gin martini with an onion and sipped on it as she gazed around the room.

"Why don't I put you right here." As Alex turned, Claire was guiding the little red head in the black dress onto the stool next to her. Claire waved to the bar girl who came immediately.

"Sandy." Claire said. "Would you get this girl a drink please?" Claire patted her shoulder? "And if you get bored, this is Alex." Claire tilted her head to the left.

When Claire left, the girl spoke without looking at Alex. "Thank you."

"Excuse me?" Alex replied.

The girl then turned to look at her and smiled. "This can't be a coincidence."

Alex smiled. "Beauty and brains." She held out her hand. "As you heard, I'm Alex, Alex Baker."

The girl paused and then shook her hand. "Beth Taylor." The girl then produced a broad grin.

"What?" Alex asked.

"I was just wondering how many Alex Bakers there might be in Atlanta." She said.

"I don't know of any others?" Alex said. Then she grinned. "Have I left a trail?"

"Well," She paused. "Last year." Beth said. "My sorority, Zeta Epsilon, had a little party for a sister that was transferring to Georgetown. A sister who happened to be gay as it was." She said. "So...we hired a girl from Alex Baker escorts."

Alex laughed and held her empty glass up. When the bar girl saw her, she set it back onto the bar. "That would be me." She said. "How'd she do?"

"Excuse me?" Beth said.

"My girl, do you remember how she did?" Alex asked.

Beth was blushing. "You're kidding right? She was amazing, and I'm not even gay."

Alex laughed out loud at that and tilted back her new drink the bar girl had just set in front of her. "Yea, and maybe you just think you're not."

The girl set quiet. "She was amazing." She finally repeated. Beth turned to Alex and leaned in close so Alex could hear a whisper. "There were eight of us. She did every one of us, one right after the other" Beth giggled. "We only hired her to do Julie, the girl who was leaving."

Then Alex leaned in. "That's it then. I'll have to fire the little slut. Giving it away like that." 

Beth straightened and put a hand on Alex's arm. "Oh, God, no, please." Then Beth stopped. "You're just fucking with me, right?" 

"Hun, if they all looked like you, I could hardly blame her." Alex said.

Beth seemed flattered to by that. "But really, I'm not. Gay." She waited.

Alex looked at her and then slowly down her body and along her exposed thighs. "Pity." She whispered. "So what do you do? For a living, I mean."

"Ha, four years at UCLA, a degree in business that cost over a hundred and twenty grand and I am the part time employee at 'Lady Jane's Closet'. In ten years this sales person of women's clothes will be able to afford food."

"Well perhaps you should consider a new career?" Alex said.

Beth smiled and downed her drink. She leaned in and whispered. "Maybe I'll go to work for a lesbian escort service." She giggled.

"Na." Alex said. "What would a girl like you do with a hundred and fifty thousand a year, tax free?" She watched the expression on Beth's face change.

"Bull." Beth said.

Alex just shrugged.

"But I don't know anything about, you know, girls." Beth explained.

Alex looked at her and said. "If I was to ask you what aroused you sexually, could you tell me?"

"Hell yea." Beth said. "Who couldn't?"

"Then you know all you need you know." Alex nodded. "What you really need, you already have."

"What's that?" Beth asked.

Alex smiled. "Beauty, body and youth. Honey, here is the truth. Women are, in general, attracted to the same things men are. Beautiful youthful bodies." Alex waited. "Wealthy women prefer the company of other women because there is less attachment involved. They pay for sex without risk. They don't have to worry about being assaulted or robbed or blackmailed. There is less risk of disease and zero risk of pregnancy. It's not as messy and there is no expectation they reciprocate."

Beth just stared at Alex. Alex put a hand on Beth's thigh. "And babe, they pay dearly."

"Oh, I know, we paid four hundred for the sorority girl. " Beth said and then laughed again. "But I guess you know that."

"The truth is," Alex said. "That call went for nearly half price because Annie was intent on doing a college sorority. And that was for the one girl. The retail price for that little evening should have cost was over three grand."

"How much would the girl get?" Beth asked.

"Well, in general the girl gets sixty percent so, eighteen hundred." Alex said.

"For one night?" Beth blurted it out and then quickly raised a hand to her mouth. "Sorry." She added.

"For four hours, as I remember." Alex countered.

"You mean she could have had another job after she left us?" Beth asked.

"Could have." Alex said. "And it's clients, we have clients, not jobs."

"How many girls work for you?" Beth asked.

Alex hesitated. "I think perhaps I have told you enough about my business but no one works for me. I only provide contacts." She said. "And I provide an accounting service. But if they did work for me, it would currently be five." 

Beth shook her head. "I just can't believe there are that many woman wanting female escorts in Atlanta."

Alex looked at Beth. Her hand was still on Beth's thigh. As she slowly slid it higher, inching up the hem of her dress, she said. "I turn away a lot of calls and I haven't been able to accept a new client for nearly a year." Alex felt Beth's leg move outward, opening herself under the bar. "I could certainly use more help. If they were the right fit of us." She added.

"That's a lot of money." Beth said.

"If you would like an interview?" Alex's fingers wrapped over the top of her thigh as the edge of her little finger grazed Beth's panties.

"Interview?" Beth asked.

Alex downed her drink and when the bar girl looked at her, Alex shook her head, no. She leaned in close, kissed Beth on the cheek and whispered. "What would you think that means?"

As Beth nodded, Alex stood, withdrawing her hand from under Beth's dress. "Either way, I have enjoyed our visit." Alex left without looking back. 

Outside, she stopped beside Bess. "You're a good friend." Alex said. There were two young girls first in line. They wore short sun dresses with white knee socks and sneakers. They were so young and cute and blonde, they could have been twins. Alex looked directly at the two as she folded a fifty and handed it to Bess. "You think you could find room inside for these two? They are just too precious."

The two girls giggled in unison. "There is an occupancy law in this town you know." Bess said.

"Yea. But I'm hopeful another customer will be leaving at any moment." Alex offered.

Bess nodded to the door. "That be her?" 

Alex looked to see Beth walking toward her. "That be."

"You lucky slut." Bess whispered and then looked at the two girls. "Go on in and remember, you have this one to thank." The girls giggled and hurried to the door.

When Beth was close enough, Alex held out a hand and Beth took it. The two walked slowly to the parking lot.

Behind her, Alex heard Bess say to the waiting crowd. "Yup, that is how it's done, girls."

When Alex stopped at her 250 SL, she leaned against the door and pulled Beth to her. So you can go home or you can follow me to my place. If you come with me, you need to understand that it is all about you showing me that you want this job. It might be about sex too but it is in no way about love. It's just a job." Alex waited and then added. "But a very good job."

Beth's Honda Civic pulled into the driveway behind Alex and the two went to the door and inside. When Alex turned on a light, Beth found herself standing in an enormous great room with a wall of glass overlooking a small lake at the rear of the house. It was very beautiful.

Alex did not pause for conversation. She took Beth's hand and led her up the stairs and to her bedroom. Alex patted her ass. "Get undressed, I'll be out in a few minutes." 

Alex was in the bathroom for a good ten minutes. Beth heard the shower running at one point. When Alex returned, she was nude but had a towel around her middle. She looked at Beth who was still standing near the opposite side of the bed and she had removed everything but her panties. 

"Everything." Alex said softly. As Alex pulled her towel free and dropped it into a chair, Beth stepped out of her panties.

Alex opened a drawer on her night stand and removed a small tube. She slipped up on the bed and onto her back. As she opened the tube, she pulled her knees up and wide. Alex squeezed a bit of liquid onto her fingers and then began rubbing it onto her sex. She ran her fingers all around her mound and down along her labia and finally, she slid two fingers into her vagina. When she set the tube on the table, she looked at Beth. "Strawberry, hope you like it."

Beth nodded and when Alex motioned for her, she eased herself up beside Alex. Alex placed an arm around her, cradling her head. She brushed a few red curls from her cheek. "Let's just lay here a while and kiss." She lifted Beth's chin and brought their lips together. Beth's were cool and soft and moist.

As the kissing continued, the two became a bit more passionate and Alex was running her fingers down Beth's side and over her back and finally her ass cheeks. The girl had an amazing body that Alex was certain could demand a lot of money. She just had to be sure Beth was willing to do what was necessary to satisfy a most demanding clientele.

"Time to please me." Alex whispered. "Take your time, go slow and above all, you must want me to love what you're doing. You have to do it as though we were live-in lovers." Alex guided her mouth to her right breast and when her lips sucked at her nipple, she released her and drew her arms over her head. The girl was on her own to succeed or fail. 

Beth went from one breast to another and in time began kissing over Alex's stomach and down across her abdomen. Slowly she eased herself over between Alex's legs and began kissing her mound. Beth's hands wrapped around Alex's legs as she nestled her face between Alex's legs. The first touch of cool lips on her sex brought a soft moan from Alex and Beth sensed that her performance thus far was acceptable. She began licking Alex's labia and running her tongue along her fold. When her tongue flicked Alex's clit, it caused a slight jerk and Alex's stomach muscles tightened. Beth took the protruding nub into her mouth and sucked it as her tongue flicked across it.

Alex began to rock her hips taking up a rhythm to match Beth's tongue. As she lifted her ass slightly, she would move her hips in small circles. Beth felt Alex's fingers weave themselves into her hair and when she tightened her grip, she would pull Beth deeper to her sex. Alex was growing louder and her moans were giving way to grunting as she neared release.

Beth sucked hard onto the now swollen clit, pressing her tongue against it. Alex was seeping juices which were running down the crack of her ass and onto Beth's fingers as her hands had moved from her thighs to under Alex, now cupping her ass cheeks.

Without warning, Alex drew her legs high, planting her feet on Beth's back and lifting her ass. The move was forcing Beth's head up and back but she held her grip on Alex's clit. With a final whimpering, "Oh my God, don't stop." Alex's climax crashed over her sending a gush of fluids from her vagina. As her ass bucked, Alex shoved Beth's mouth from her clit and down as she moaned. "Lick it."

When Alex fell quiet onto the bed and lay still, Beth pulled her mouth from Alex's pussy. Alex immediately grabbed her head and lowered her back until cool lips once again touched her sex. "Bring me down slow. Always let them finish." Beth continued to plant soft gentle licks between Alex's labia for another five minutes before Alex patted her on the back of the head and whispered. "That was very nice. Very nice indeed. Why don't you take a minute to go wash your face and freshen up?"

Beth slid off of the bed and went to wash up. When she returned, Alex was once again rubbing a liquid from a small tube between her legs. When she finished she held out a hand summoning Beth back to bed. Once back beside her, Alex kissed her, enjoying her freshly washed mouth. "How did you like the strawberry?"

"It was nice." Beth said.

Alex sucked at Beth's lower lip. "This time I have mango." Alex whispered. Alex's hands were on the top of Beth's shoulders. She was guiding her back to her sex once again, this time without formalities.

It took little time for Beth to start a repetition where she would run her tongue deep into Alex's vagina, lick up along her labia to her clit, suck it into her mouth and then repeat it, over and over. That was until Alex drew her knees up to her chest and took Beth's head in her hands guiding her mouth to her anus. From then on, Beth added a long lick across her anus and up her ass crack to her earlier moves. Alex was in a state with her arms clutching the backs of her legs and her ass all but off of the mattress. Beth had total access to Alex's sex and she was working magic with her mouth. 

"Oh fuck yea." Alex said. "Oh fuck me. That is so good." She started humping her ass onto Beth's mouth. "Holy Christ." Alex was riding her second climax and Beth sensed it was time. As Alex's started to flow once more, Beth planted her tongue deep in her and spread her lips out to incase her vagina as she started receiving Alex's nectar. All at once, Alex released her legs and grabbed Beth's head and began a rapid fucking on her mouth. It would seem Alex's orgasm came in two stages and Beth was trying to hold on as the second wave was causing Alex to buck wildly.

As Alex finally slowed, she brought her legs tight to the sides of Beth's head and slowly rolled onto her side taking Beth along. It was another five minutes before Alex put a hand against the back of Beth's head and rolled on over so Beth was on her back and Alex, now on her stomach, was straddling her. She rose up onto her elbows and then pulled first one knee and then the other up along said Beth's head. Slowly Alex set upright. She looked down between her legs at Beth. "Let's do it this way." She lowered her pussy to Beth and Beth accepted with the insertion of her tongue back into Alex's depths. "Push it out." Alex said. "Out as far as you can." And then Alex began to fuck the girl's tongue up and down and rub back and forth. "Keep it out. Just hold it there and let me fuck it."

She rode the girl's face for ten minutes before she managed a third but much milder orgasm. When it had passed she lifted up a couple of inches and had Beth lick her clean.

Finally Alex slid off of the bed. As she stood looking at Beth, Beth's hand slowly moved to her vagina. Alex watched as she pushed a finger into her own pussy. "You must be really aroused?" Beth just nodded. Alex reached down and took her hand, pulling it away. "This is about doing a job, not about your pleasure. Don't do that." Alex went into the bathroom.

When she returned, she eased her way up on the bed pushing Beth's legs apart as she did. Beth opened her eyes. Alex knelt there with a black harness strapped around her waist and thighs. There was a large black dildo attached to it. Big enough to cause Beth a sight but of concern. It shimmered in the darkness from a coating of lube.

Alex leaned down and kissed Beth's cheek. "Sometimes, we get lucky and get a client who likes to fuck pretty girls. Alex was rubbing the head of the fat cock around Beth's very wet vaginal entrance. Alex could see Beth was alarmed. "Trust me. Let me fuck you."

Alex felt Beth move her legs wider and felt her knees draw up her sides. When Alex shoved, sending four inches of fat cock into her, Beth gasped at the girth of it. Alex pulled back and shoved again sending it seven inches deep. Beth whimpered and bit her bottom lip as she accepted this amazing new experience.

And then Alex began a slow fucking of the girl withholding the final three inches and letting her adjust to the size of it. As she fucked her, Beth began to accept it and respond by lifting her ass to meet each thrust.

Taking her queue, Alex increased her tempo and began giving the girl the entire length of rubber cock. She was doing long strokes, out to the fat head and deep until the harness slapped against her mound. Beth was working her ass as fast as she could and as her climax waved over her, she wrapped her legs around Alex's hips and her arms across her back and let Alex take her as she wanted.
