 The balcony overlooked a million lights.

Lights from houses, lights from cars, lights from street lamps and even the occasional cyclist.

There we stood, you and I, watching the happenings below, in the dark.

I thought about you in that quiet of the night.

I thought about how I dream of you.

Holding you.

Kissing you.

Touching you.

I shift my bare feet, looking at you from the corner of my eye.

I watch the outline of your breast through the thin material of your dressing gown.

It moves as you lean over, drawing in your cigarette.

A Morepork sounds in a tree 5 meters away.

Commenting interestedly you look for the bird that I have already spotted.

Trying to explain its whereabouts you get frustrated trying to find it.

I come in closer to you, pointing in the direction, but my mind already off the bird as I breath in your scent.

My arm coming around you, I pull you in showing you the Morepork and touching your body.

My hand resting against your rump I squeeze ever so slightly at we converse.

You laugh at your own blindness as I come behind you moving you head in the direction of the subject.

Letting go of your head, I slide my hands down the side of your body.

Bringing my hands around you I rest on the knot holding your robe together.

I wonder how careful I can be.

I pull on the knot gently, you dont give away your knowledge.

It loosens and I see the slack in the top of the gown.

Reaching around your waist I slip one hand in to cup your breast through the thin material.

Your chest heaves as you sigh.

Turning my head slightly, I breathe lightly in your ear as I squeeze your breast gently and I feel your nipple harden beneath my soft hands.

Using my thumb I gently stroke the purtruding flesh as your breathing quickens.

Your breathing inspires me.

It encourages me.

It starts fires deep in my belly.

I slowly slide my hand away, but only enough to slide it back, this time going underneath the material that was hindering my work on your most beautiful breasts.

Kissing in your neck, I take a deep breath and breathe in the scent that is you.

A scent of pure beauty.

A scent of pure sexuality.

A scent of a woman I love emotionally and physically.

My lips touch your neck.

You open up for me, tilting your head to the side.

Sighing again.

You mutter a few sounds.

Words of passion.

Words of wanting.

You tell me what you want.

You say its what you need.

The fires in my belly flare up at the sound of your desperate voice.

Your words of passion, of sex.

Taking your hands in mine I place them on the railing around the balcony.

Pushing them down, I make it quite apparent you are not to move.

You are leaning over.

Breathing heavily.

Not knowing what I plan to do next.

Bringing my hands around you again I trail my right hand down lower resting it on your pubic mound.

You want me.

I feel it.

I hear it.

Pushing my hand further, it rests on your most sensitive places.

Pressing oh so lightly I make circular motions on your clit whilst squeezing your nipple with my left hand.

I can now feel your dampness through the sheer material and it turned me on more knowing you are enjoying my touch as much as I enjoy giving it.

As the small waves of climax take over your body, I smile. 

I enjoy your pleasure as much as you.

As your hunger gets more persistant, I pull your legs back, forcing your body into a more submissive pose.

Taking the hem of your dressing gown I pull it up your body, watching each inch of your legs appear as I move it upwards.

My breathing gets beyond my reach as your amazing thighs start to appear.

I wish to run my hand up between them to find whats at the top.

As the gown rests over your ass my nails scratch softly down your cheeks and down your thighs.

Sliding my finger tips back up the inside of your thighs and between the warmth of your pussy.

Rubbing the full length of you, I enjoy the soft wetness before I slide in my fingers effortlessly.

Feeling your hips move backwards tell me how good they feel inside of you.

I place my left hand on your back as I slide my fingers in and out of your pussy over and over again.

Feeling your excitement building.

Feeling mine build with you.

I can barely handle it.

You are so beautiful.

The way you move.

The rhythm you take.

Responding to me.

Moving with me.

I feel your muscles clench around my fingertips.

I can barely move yet I do.

As you relax again I press my fingertips down slightly, drawing circles with them around your g spot.

I get lost in the sounds of your pleasure.

Our pleasure.

As you push back onto my fingers, I feel your pussy start to clench again.

Stealing me.

Your knuckles go white, clenching the bar.

Your sounds of bliss get louder and more urgent.

Your voice is more demanding.

The trail of four letter words and you moan my name turn my knees to jelly.

But I continue.

Your pleasure ignites both my love for you as well as my lust.

With a gush of excitement you cum for me.

And again.

I keep you going for it is what I love to do.

My senses are on high alert.

My eyes take in the sight of your beauty, bent over, as I fufill your desires, and content my own.

My ears listen to the music of your satisfaction.

My nose inhales the scent of sex, our sex as we rock together in mutual happiness.

My fingertips feel you, the most private place of you, the place of rapture.

Finally as I turn you to face me, your eyes full of lust, I take my fingers away and place them in my mouth, savouring you. 

Tasting you.

As you hold me close and tell me your thoughts I smile to myself for it has only just began.

On this night, under the stars.

And as we walk to the bedroom to continue this journey...

The Morepork continues its song.