 In case you haven't read any of my other stories, my name is Alicia and I'm eighteen years old. My best friend since fourth grade and lover since December is Shelly. She's five months older than I and a very beautiful girl, if I may say so at the risk of being a little bit prejudiced. We are bisexual, not lesbians, because we have boyfriends, too. We have introduced two girls in our senior class to the delights of girl on girl love, Brea and Samantha.

There is another new girl in our class who transferred in during the winter holidays. Her name is Rose Marie and she comes from New York, a place called Greenwich or something like that. It pissed her off to change schools in the middle of her senior year, but her father got transferred and it couldn't be helped. She has this chip on her shoulder and takes her misfortunes out on everyone else around her though and comes across as being course and cynical. We tried to befriend her but her anger made it hard to tolerate her.

One day at school we were sitting around, talking with her. Brea and Samantha were there also. Rose Marie was in one of her bad moods, which seemed to be the norm.

"What the fuck do do you people do around here in Hicksville?" she asked. "The stores all close at nine o-clock! In New York, people are just starting to have fun at nine o-clock."

"We have a movie theater, a bowling alley and a roller rink," Shelly told her.

"Also, we have a riding academy where we can go horseback riding," Brea added.

"A riding academy?!" she said. "Who the fuck rides horses?"

"I do!" Brea answered indignantly. "In fact, I own a horse. Do you mean to say you can't ride a horse?"

"I didn't say that. I can do anything if I want to." she said defensively.

"Come riding with us this Saturday then, and show us how good you are," Brea challenged. "I promise you we won't laugh at you when you fall off."

"I'm not going to fall off!" she said arrogantly. "I can do anything you hicks can do. You won't get the best of me."

"You'll go then?" dared Brea.

"Yeah, - I'll go. What should I wear to go horsie-back riding?"

I was amazed at how little Rose Marie knew about riding. I thought everyone knew what you'd wear at least. Seizing the opportunity, I had an idea.

"The spring days are warming up pretty good," I said, winking at Brea. "We'd better dress light in case the sun gets really hot."

"Yeah, a sun dress would be fine," Brea said, looking serious but I could tell she was stifling a laugh.

"Okay, what time?" she asked.

"One o-clock would be good. That'll give us time to get our house chores done and eat lunch," Brea answered, getting a pen and paper from her school bag. "Here's my number in case you need directions."

"Cool. Okay, see you guys at one oclock then."

"Yeah, we'll be there," I assured her.

*

Saturday afternoon came and Brea, Shelly and I were at the stables, waiting for Samantha and Rose Marie to show up. Brea was feeding her horse Salome while we watched. We were dressed in jeans and boots and halter tops. 

Randy, the stable hand was there to saddle up the horses and lead out a group of riders when needed. Randy was a real hunk dressed in jeans, western boots, shirt and a wide brimmed western hat. His snug fitting jeans showed of his ass-sets well when his back was towards you, and when he turned around, the wad in his front would be enough to make a girl's pussy tingle. If I wasn't 'spoken for' to Travis, I'd be trying to fuck him silly. 

Samantha finally showed up and we introduced her to Randy. Randy, being his normal, flirtatious self, put the charm on Samantha who ate it all up. She was so taken by Randy she hardly paid any attention to anyone else but him. 

Rose Marie got there about fifteen minutes late when we were about to give up on her. She was wearing a white sundress with red and pink flowers scattered all over it and low open-toed shoes. She really looked beautiful in it and I felt a pang of guilt for what we had done to her and thought about confessing to her, but then decided to go through with it. She needed a lesson in humility.

Rosie looked at all of us dressed in jeans, then down at herself at what she was wearing. She looked self-conscious like she was considering backing out of the deal.

"Oh, I checked the weather forecast and they said is wasn't going to be hot today, but that's okay, you're fine. You look heavenly," I said.

Brea brought her horse out without a saddle, saying, "You can ride my horse Salome if you'd like, Rosie. She's the most gentle horse here. The academy horses get a little frisky at times."

"Okay, thank you, Brea. That's nice of you."

"My saddle is being mended though, but if you can't ride bareback, we can rent one from the academy," Brea said apologetically.

"I can ride bareback, it's no problem," she said with her usual 'I can do anything better than you' attitude.

I held my hands down for Rose Marie to step on to get up on Salome's back. She put her foot in my hands and, when she swung her leg over Salome's back, I got a good view of two superb butt cheeks and white thong panties.

Randy, who was saddling a horse by Salome, had to step back quickly to keep from getting kicked in the face by Rose Marie.

"Whoa there, did I take your picture there, Cowboy?" Rosie asked, trying to embarrass him, I guess.

"Yep," Randy replied coolly. "It was a very good view, too." He went back to saddling the horse as if nothing had happened.

We mounted up and started up the riding trail which was nothing more than a one lane dirt road. We let the horses walk at a leisurely pace to go easy on Rose Marie. Samantha and Shelly were in front, side by side. Rose Marie and I followed them while Brea brought up the rear. I kept looking at Rosie. Her breaths were getting short and her eyes bigger around. Her pupils were beginning to dilate showing her sexual arousal.

We had to navigate around some large ruts in the road which caused the horses to step differently. I smiled to myself when I heard Rosie let out an "OH!"

Farther up the trail, Shelly turned around and said, "Let's trot a little bit."

"Okay," I answered. "Rosie, hold tight with your legs so you don't fall off and make a clucking noise to make Salome go faster."

"Okay," she answered with a shaky voice.

We bounced on our horses backs as they trotted along and with each bounce, our pussies would smack solidly on the saddle, or in Rose Marie's case, the horse's bare back. It is the second best feeling to a girl to being fucked.

I could hear Rosie start to whimper now, and every now and then she'd let out an "Oh, gawd, oh."

We dropped back to a walk and I looked over at Rosie. Trotting had caused her dress to blow back exposing her white panty crotch pressed on the horse's back. In her condition, I don't think she cared where her dress was. She had no stirrups so couldn't raise up for relief so she had to let Salome's neck muscle caress her pussy with nothing but a thin strip of material between them.

"OH, my gawd, um, oh," Rosie moaned. 

"Are you alright, Rosie?" I asked.

"I'm fine," she replied. "I just can't - keep from coming."

"Wait up, Shelly! We need to take a rest," I called.

We dismounted and Rosie literally slid off Salome's back to the ground with legs too weak to hold her up.

"Here, let me help you," I offered and went to help her up, holding up her dress to brush some leaves and grass off her butt cheeks. What lovely butt cheeks they were. I made sure I got them nice and clean before I put her dress down.

We tied the horses to a tree and sat on some tall grass at the side of the road.

"Phew! You guys sure set me up." Rosie said, still breathing heavy.

"Yeah, we're sorry," I admitted. "Will you forgive us?"

"Yeah, I forgive you, no problem."

"At least she's a good sport about it," said Shelly.

"You're not angry with us, are you?" Brea asked.

"How could I be angry with you when I've never been so sexually satisfied in all my life?! I should thank you."

"But we did it in such a mean way. I feel horrible now," Shelly said

"We should move farther back in the woods to get the horses out of the trail," Brea suggested.

We led the horses back into the woods where we found a cleared area that had tall grass in it for the horses to chew on. We tied the horses up and sat in the grass at the other side of the clearing.

"I guess you're done with horseback riding after today, - can't say I blame you much," Brea said.

"Hell, no! I love horses! If Salome was a 'he' instead of a 'she' I'd marry her," she chuckled. "I was gonna suggest we go riding again next week. Could we?" 

"That would be great, Rosie!" Brea exclaimed. "Next time you can wear jeans and we'll have a saddle for you."

"That's good, although, I'll miss being masturbated by Salome's neck," Rosie joked. She lifted her dress and spread her legs, putting her fingers to her crotch. "Look at this, my panties are soaked!"

I put my fingers on her panties, feeling the wetness of the material and the contour of her pussy lips beneath. "What did you do, pee yourself?" I joked.

"I might as well have," she said pulling her dress back down.

"So, do you still think we're a bunch of hicks with nothing to do?" Samantha asked.

"Aw, hey, I was just blowing off steam because I was pissed about moving and leaving my friends behind."

"We figured as much," Shelly said. "We'd like to be your new friends now - if you're willing."

"Yeah, I've already made you my best friends. So what else are you guys into?"

We looked at each other, not knowing quite how to answer that question.

"Do you like girls?" I asked her, tempted to put my fingers to my nose to smell her pussy juices but denying myself the pleasure.

"What do you mean, 'do I like girls?' You mean do I, like, "like" girls?"

"Yeah. Have you ever had a girl lick your pussy until you came?" I asked.

"No, never."

"Have you ever let a girl masturbate you while you masturbated her?" Shelly asked.

"No. Hey, - wait a minute, you guys aren't - 

"We're bisexuals, we love women just as much as we love men," I told her.

"You asked what else are we into, so we're telling you," Shelly said.

"It's like, we help each other masturbate when no males are around - or when we're in the mood for something different," Samantha said.

"See, we have this club that meets at - that meets at a house where bisexual and gay women get together to have fun," Brea told her.

"It's a sex club for women. We meet every Friday night," I told her.

"Ho - lee - shit! And I thought New York was a swinging town!" she said.

"You're welcome to join us if you want to. If you don't want to - (shrug) - you don't have to and we'll still be good friends," Shelly told her.

"We would ask that you don't spread the news around if you don't join," I said. "There's only two rules that you have to meet to be a member in good standing. You have to shave your pussy and you have to make love to at least one member. - What do you think? Would you like to join us?"

"I don't know, - I'll have to think about that," she said.

"Would you like a free preview of what it would be like?" Shelly offered.

She didn't say yes, but she didn't say no. Brea and I kissed as she watched us . Shelly and Samantha started to undress each other. Rosie sat with her knees up, panties showing carelessly, arms folded across her knees and chin on her arms, watching Shelly and Samantha as their clothing fell to the ground.

I removed my top and let my bra-less breasts bounce free. Brea took off her shirt and brassiere and let the sun shine on her ample breasts. Rosie gave a soft whistle at the sight of Brea's gorgeous tits..

Shelly and Samantha were nude, on their knees kissing while their right hand fingered the pussy of the other. Their left hand caressed perky breasts.

I was laying so close to Rosie my head almost touched her hip where she sat. Brea was sort of on top of me with one leg between mine, humping her pussy against my thigh while bumping my pussy with her thigh. Our right breasts were pressed together as we humped one anothers leg. I could tell by Rosie's heavier breathing and dilated pupils that she was getting aroused, so I gently took hold of her arm and guided her hand to my left breast. I held her hand there but her fingers massaged my breast on their own.

I looked at Shelly and Samantha again. What an erotic sight they were, kissing passionately while playing with each others breasts, Their hands masturbating the pussy in front of them.

Samantha started to come on Shelly's fingers with various whimpers, trying not to make any noise. Sounds travel far in the woods.

Brea got up and pulled my boots and jeans off, then removed her own. She put her knee between my legs again and humped my leg faster and harder as her orgasm came near. She moaned and gasped as her orgasm shook her body, then fell away from me. I guided Rosie's hand ever so slowly from my breast down my ribcage, over my stomach, across my abdomen to my panties where I stopped at the waistband and took my hand away.

"Would you finish me off, please," I asked her.

Her nostrils flared showing her arousal, but she hesitated. But soon her fingers slipped slowly under the waistband of my panties and traveled gingerly across my shaved, smooth mound. Her hand trembled almost violently as her fingers slid farther down to find my moist slit waiting there. I rolled slightly to where I could reach her panties and gently massaged her pussy lips through the material. I held my mouth open up to her in an invitation to kiss. She moved back and brought her mouth down on mine. Brea pulled my panties off to give Rosie freedom of movement in my wet pussy. We broke the kiss and resumed our mutual masturbation. Rosie then masturbated my pussy like it was her own and enjoyed the experience almost as much.

Brea moved to Rosie and pulled her wet thongs down and off. I inserted a finger into Rosie's wet pussy and searched for her g-spot. When I found it, she let out a low moan of pleasure.

Rosie's fingers in my pussy had aroused me to fever pitch and soon I could feel my orgasm begin to boil deep within. When I reached my peak I let out a low moan and crashed with delight.

I didn't forget about Rosie. I got up on my knees and inserted two fingers deep into her love canal and massaged her g-spot with a 'come here' gesture of my fingers. I finger fucked her, making sure a finger would caress her g-spot with every stroke until a squeal from her signaled the arrival of an intense orgasm. Her body shook and rocked in orgasmic bliss. When she settled back, I took my fingers from her pussy and licked them clean while she watched me. To cap things off, I twisted Rosie's thongs and held them high in the air. I brought them down over my mouth and squeezed them, letting a drop of fluid drop to my waiting tongue.

"Fucking shit! I didn't think I could come again but that was the best one ever!" she exclaimed. "You - are - fucking amazing."

"Thanks, but we need to get back and return the horses. We've been gone for over an hour." I said wistfully.

"Yeah, and I need to get home and shave my pussy!" Rosie quipped.

"You're joining the club?" Brea asked.

"Fucking aye," she exclaimed. "If it is going to be anything like today, I wouldn't want to miss it." 

"You have my number if you have any questions about it," 

We got dressed and I noticed Rosie, somewhat stronger but still wobbly legged, thinking about getting back on her horse.

"I'll trade horses with you if you'd like," I offered."

"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you," she replied. "My pussy needs a rest. My panties are still wet, - I'll make the saddle smell like pussy though."

"That's okay, your pussy smells like a horse," Samantha joked.

"Oh, it does not!" she said defensively. "Does it?" looking at me.

I put my fingers to my nose, "Your pussy smells wonderful, just the way a pussy should smell."

We mounted up and rode back to the stables. When Randy saw that Rose Marie had changed horses, He grinned knowingly.

*

Monday after school, Rose Marie caught up with me outside.

"Alicia, hey, wait up!" she called.

"Hey, Rosie. What's up?" 

"Are you headed home?" she asked.

"Yeah, I live so close I don't ride the bus," I answered.

"Are your parents home?" she quizzed.

"Well, my dad's at work but my mom's at home. Why?"

"I shaved my pussy, I thought maybe you'd like to see it."

"Oh, sure, - ah, maybe we could sneak into my bedroom long enough for that." 

"I'll walk you home - if that's alright."

"Sure, fine. So how was your weekend?" I said making small talk.

"I've been so horny since Saturday, I could hardly sit still. I loved what you did with your fingers."

"Yeah, I loved what you did with your fingers, too," I said feeling my pussy start to tingle.

"Well, could we continue where we left off?"

"I'd love to, Rosie, but my mom's home. We'll have to play it by ear." 

The tingle in my pussy became a throb. I really did want Rosie. She looked so pretty in her school skirt, walking with me and had lost her anger now. I wanted to take her in my arms and kiss her right there.

We soon were home and my mother was there, reading through her cookbooks. I introduced her to Rosie and let them exchange small talk. I was trying to think of an excuse to invite Rosie up to my room but couldn't think of a single thing. I need to have a hobby or something, I thought.

"Well, I need to go to the store," Mom said. "You girls can hold down the fort while I'm gone. And, Alicia, stay out of the snacks so close to supper."

"Yes, Mother," I said, exasperated. As she went out the door I said, "Mothers!" to Rosie. 

"Well, at least you have a mother. All I have is my father. Do you know what it's like to want to talk to your mother about something and all you have is a father who is a mother-substitute?"

"No," I said softly, appreciating the fact that I had a mother. "But you don't know how anal she can be sometimes, especially here lately," I spat. "Something seems to be bugging her and I don't know what it is."

"Your mother has never worked, was always home to look after everyone's needs, had no worries or plans of her own, is probably approaching the change of life, and you don't know what's bugging her?"

"No," I said in bewilderment, stunned that someone was lecturing me about my mother.

"She needs to have an affair." Rosie said bluntly."

"Rosie!" I was shocked. "She's a happily married woman! She'd never have an affair."

"Oh? How happy would you say she was in the past six months, or year, or past five years? I'd say she's got the over forty blues and is probably wondering every morning she wakes up what all she has missed and will miss out on in the future in life."

"Oh, - gawd, - do you think so?"

"That's what happened to my mom. She passed forty, I turned eighteen, Daddy had a great job he was all wrapped up in, and she went off the deep end because she felt she was denied something. It happens."

"I love my Mom and would hate to lose her like that. What can I do?"

"She needs to meet new and exciting friends, - maybe a toy boy, a young lover to use as a fuck buddy. Or, maybe a woman friend, - like the friends you have. Do you think she would go for another woman? She's a beautiful woman and could get anyone she wants."

"I suppose you're right, but - gawd - she's my mother. I don't think I could help her like that."

"Maybe not directly, but do everything you can to not stand in her way."

"Yeah, I guess you're right. - Well enough about my mother. You said you had something to show me? Let's go up to my bedroom."

Rosie followed me up the stairs, probably looking up my short skirt, on the way to my bedroom. I know how girls who just discovered they like girls are, they're worse than boys.
