 Reaching between us, she begins to unbutton my blouse. Brushing it back from my shoulders and away from my body, she lays it on top of her dress. With her soft mouth still on mine, she brushes her hands down my arms which send tingles through my entire being. Breaking away from her, I move my lips down her slender throat, across her collarbone, and to the swell of one breast. My arms wrap around her waist, caressing slowly up and down her back. To be daring, I unhook the clasp on her bra and let it fall away from her breasts. They are pert and full, and she is noticeably excited. I look up into her eyes to try to decipher what is on her mind. She looks at me with heavy lids, her lips slightly parted, the red lipstick smudged off. I can only imagine that my lips look the same. 

"Touch me here," she whispers as she holds one of her breasts in her hand. I comply, taking one of her dark large nipples into my mouth. She moans, and grasps one hand to my shoulder. Swirling my tongue around this treat, my hand falls to her behind and I grab her close to me, our pelvis' matched up together. To feel a full breast against my face was such a new sensation for me, the excitement has my heart pumping a thousand beats per minute.

Hearing her moan, and fully understanding that it was due to my affections only pushed me further. I took my mouth from one breast and trailed kisses across her chest to the other, taking her hand in mine and guiding her to the waist of my pants. She understands, and begins to unbutton and unzip me. As they fall to my feet, I detach myself from her long enough to step out of my pants and drape them over the chair with our other clothes. 

As I turn back to her, I see in her face that the tables have turned. I stand in front of her, all the sudden feeling beyond vulnerable in just my red lacy bra and panties. Her eyes are following my body, making me self conscious. I try to smile, but I feel the bashfulness in my face. She gestures toward the chair and commands to me, "Sit." I do as I'm told. She grabs her purse from the counter and sets it beside the chair. Kneeling in front of me, she lifts one of my legs and begins to kiss and touch me so very softly. I can't help but lay my head back and sigh. 

"Just relax," she says. "Cora is going to take good care of you, mama." The promise of pleasure to come drips from her voice and I begin to get nervous. What if I don't react right, am I supposed to talk to her, how different is this from hetero-sexual relations? I didn't know. But when her lips landed just on the inside of my knee, all worried thoughts went out the window. She had a hand on either of my thighs, rubbing up my hips to my waist and down again as she placed her soft lips all over my lower body. In my past experience, it has been very rare that a man has paid this much attention to parts of my body that weren't obvious erogenous zones. Halfway between my knee and my hip, was a spot discovered by this woman's mouth that sent rushes of electricity through my belly. 

Moaning loudly in response to her, she lifts her head and asks me, "Feel good?"

Letting out a deep breath I say, "You are hardly doing anything but you make me feel so amazing..."

I feel her mouth turn to a smile against my skin, and she inches further up my thigh. Forcing my legs even farther apart, she moves herself in between them, and the warmth from her body is wonderful against me. She places a kiss on my abdomen just at my panty line, while slowly tracing the fabric with her fingers on each side of my hip. My body is wracked with deep heavy breaths, and feeling her press herself against me sends shocks through me. As she runs her soft hands across my belly, she follows them with her mouth. As she traces my bellybutton with her tongue, she takes the top lip of it between her teeth and playfully bit. Her hands moved above her head to my breasts and began to massage through my bra. Automatically, my hands follow hers and clamp down on my breasts as well, trapping her hands beneath mine. She continues to lick and taste my entire torso, giving me chills and raising goose bumps on my skin. She has pressed herself firmly up against me now, her soft breasts grazing my hips as she bends to reach behind me and unfasten my bra. Pulling it from my body, she first massages each breast while looking into my eyes, and then leans forward to take a pink nipple into her mouth. I almost had an orgasm right there. My nipples are so ultra sensitive, and the added sensation of having a woman fondling them was almost too much to bear. I squeal with delight, my hand finds the back of her head, and I look down at her mouth to watch her suckle me. Her hair falls in her face, and I gently brush it back and tuck it behind her ear. I watch as her tongue snakes out and flicks my nipple, one, two, three times. She then covers my entire breast with her mouth, pushing hard against me. Ecstasy, here I come.

She pulls back and away from me, the air is cold around my nipples where her warm lips just were. She's moved her hands to my hips and is beginning to pull my panties away from me. I comply, lifting my behind to give her access to pull them down my legs. Removing them from my feet, I am now completely naked, sitting before her in the chair, at her mercy. 

"Are you nervous?" she asks me. I nod my head in response, unable to speak. "Don't worry sweetie. I'll be gentle," she continues with a playful smirk, one eyebrow lifted on her beautiful face. 

She kneels in front of me, sitting on her feet, telling me to move closer to the edge of the chair. When I do, she strokes my thighs, just admiring my honey pot. I wait in tortured anticipation of what she'll do, of what it will feel like. She takes her fingers and traces the patch of hair that frames me, down across my quivering lips. I marvel at how just this small touch makes me yearn in a way I never have before. She moves forward and kisses the topmost part of each inner thigh, and then she audibly sniffs at my center. "You smell delicious," she says to me. "Can I have some?"

"Yes... please... touch me, taste me, please me... take me..." I reply weakly and shakily.

She smiles and brings one hand up to spread my lips apart. With her palm resting on my mound, she spreads her fingers in an upside down "V" and massages my labia with her fingers as she opens me up. With her other hand, she slowly traces my inner folds until she takes one finger and slides it inside of me. Squirming in my chair, I begin to moan uncontrollably. I have released self control and given it all to this beautiful Goddess. She explores me with one finger, then two. My hips begin rocking in rhythm with her gentle stroking, slowly and softly I buck up towards her as she thrusts inside of me. I can feel how wet I am, and my juices are trickling down into the crevasse of my ass. Before I know what's happened, her mouth is on my clit. Shrieking, and bucking, and sucking air through my teeth, my mouth drops open wide and my eyebrows knit together. I open my eyes and look down at her, she is buried in between my legs from the bridge of her nose down to her chin and so simply, she just winks at me. I let my head fall back against the chair, my hands squeezing and pinching my nipples. 

She removes her fingers from inside of me and replaces them with her tongue. I have not been tongue fucked but by one man before this, and it was absolute heaven. Cora slid her soft warm tongue gently inside of me, wiggling it back and forth, pushing it in and out. Slowly at first, then faster and with more force. Unbelievable fire begins to uncoil itself in my belly, and I know I'm on my way to a mind blowing release. But she isn't done with me yet. Before I realize that one of her hands is not touching me, she brings up something she's taken from her purse beside the chair. I don't know she's done this until I feel something large and erect push inside of me. Snapping my head up from the chair, I look down at what she has in her hand to see that she is sliding a dildo in and out of my wetness. Wow. This woman has a dildo in her purse? Is this a normal recreation for her, to pick up strangers in the woman's restroom? I giggle inwardly at this thought, and then push it out as soon as it entered. She flips the switch, and the rock hard fullness inside of me begins to vibrate. Waves of pleasure are rolling over me, my skin sensitive to the touch, I have to move my hands away from my nipples or I will send myself over the edge.

She pushes the vibrator up as far inside of me as it will go, gathers some of my wetness on her finger and begins massaging my puckered asshole. As she does this, she brings her mouth back to my clit and softly runs her tongue back and forth against it. Pushing the breath from her lips, I can feel it when she whispers to me, "I want you to come for me, mama..." Placing her tongue back on my clit and inching her finger slowly inside my anus, she takes the palm of her other hand and begins to rub circles on my abdomen, pushing it against the vibrator inside of me. My heart is beating so hard against my rib cage that I wonder if it will burst from me and fly about the room. With two fingers on one hand being assaulted in between my teeth, two fingers on the other hand begin to pinch my nipple again. 

When Cora pushes her mouth farther against me and covers my clit with her tongue and then wraps it up with her lips, the fire rages in my belly. "...Oh...migod..." I begin to pant. 

"That's it mami, let me have it," she coaxes me.

"Shit.. I'm gonna... omigod, I'm gonna come!" I say breathlessly. With that, I release against her mouth, her fingers, and the tight contraction of my muscles push the dildo out of me. Gripping the sides of the chair, sweat popped on my brow, my hips buck uncontrollably as fluid gushes out of me, down my ass and onto the chair beneath me. Cora softly strokes my thighs as I gain control of my breathing again. Laying limply in the chair, I can hardly move... she comes up on top of me and kisses my cheeks and chin, then presses her luscious lips against mine. When she snakes her tongue in between my lips, I can taste myself on her mouth. 

"I want to take you home with me," she says against my ear, pulling a giggle out of me. 

"You may have to fight my date for that," I say playfully. 

She leans back so we're face to face, gazes into my eyes and says, "Why don't we all go together?"

Raising my eyebrow, I ponder this... what a fantastic idea...

To Be Continued...