 A shiver ran up Janice Crawford's spine. She was more excited than she could ever remember being. Her husband had just left for a two week business trip. Her teenage son was on a Boy Scout trip. Her daughter was in Florida for Spring Break. Janice had the house to herself for at least the next 10 days. She really could not wait. Diane was on her way over. They would be alone in Janice's house until Janice's daughter Stephanie returned. 

Janice checked herself in the mirror as she stood naked in front of it. "Not bad for 41" she thought to herself. The buxom redhead looked in the mirror, tits still nice and firm with just the tiniest bit of sag, a slight belly-well having two kids will do that to you, but the three day a week workouts at the gym have mitigated most of that. Janice then looked at her pussy. Her freshly shaved pussy. She hadn't wanted to shave herself and get rid of her flame red pubic hair, but Diane wanted it that way. 

The clock chimed 10:00 AM. "Shit" Janice thought, "She'll be here any minute." Janice rushed down the stairs of her immaculate house to the front door. She peeked out the window, no sign of Diane yet. Janice sank to her knees by the front door, naked, head bowed, just as her Mistress Dianne had commanded.

Janice remembered how this all started. She had been laying in bed naked, masturbating to a lesbian domination DVD. Just as the naked slut on the TV screen was begging for an orgasm, Janice's bedroom door opened and the maid Diane walked in.

"I'm sorry to disturb you Mrs. Crawford, but...." Diane started, but stopped short when she took the sight in. A big evil smile spread across her face. The 30 year old black maid said "Are we having fun?" 

Diane marched over to the bed, grabbed Janice by her red hair and pulled her out of bed onto the floor. "Get on your knees" Diane barked. As Janice complied "Is that what you want?" Diane asked pointing to the TV screen. 

Ashamed and embarrassed Janice meekly nodded yes. "Answer me!" Diane demanded. "Yes." Janice quietly said. "YES. WHAT?" Diane yelled at her. "Yes....Mistress." Janice answered. Janice shuddered as she realized that for the first time, she said the words she had wanted to say all her life.

"Good, Slut. You learn quickly. From here on out, whenever we have the house to ourselves. I am the Mistress. You are the naked slave. Now kiss my feet to show me that you agree that you are now MINE!" Janice complied. Diane always went barefoot in the Crawford home; she explained that it made it easier to do her job if she never had to wear shoes indoors. Diane kept her toes perfectly manicured and freshly painted, and Janice always liked sneaking peeks at her barefoot maid.

Janice bowed her head and kissed her Mistresses' feet. "Continue until I tell you to stop." Dianne said. Janice kissed and sucked on her Mistresses' toes, eliciting a moan from her Mistress.

"Ooooo, Slut. You do that very well. I am going to love owning you. We will have so much fun together."

Janice's clit twitched when Mistress Diane said that. It made Janice suck her Mistresses' toes even harder. It also made Janice's pussy EXTREMELY wet. A fact Mistress could not help but notice. 

"So you like the idea of being a naked slave to a beautiful black Mistress? Answer me, bitch!" 

Janice jerked her head up very quickly "Yes Mistress. I love the idea." She confessed very quickly. 

"How much do you know about being a slave?" Diane asked.

"My college roommate introduced me to BDSM. We would take turns topping each other. But I LOVED it when she dominated me. The thought of it makes my pussy so wet. I never hoped to find a Mistress, again." Janice said. 

"Your college roommate? Isn't that a bit cliché, slut? " Diane asked

"Yes, Mistress. I know it is. But Penny and I were lovers. We fucked every night we roomed together. We had planned on staying together after we graduated, but during our last semester of our senior year, she got religion and renounced our "sinful" life. She moved out right after graduation and I never saw her again." Janice said with a bit of sorrow in her voice. 

"What about since college" 

"There hasn't really been anyone. I would have affairs, but they would either freak out when I told them what I fantasized about, or they were just looking for a one nighter. I met Dave and we got married and for years I convinced myself I was happy. Then the kids came, and I busied myself being "MOM". Janice said.

"Why are you so hot now?" Diane was actually curious. 

"After I turned 40, I found out that Dave was going to SM clubs and had a sweet young thing that he hooked up with. THAT BASTARD! He never even asked if I might be into the scene. I am not jealous that he found a playmate. I REALLY want to play too, but I want to only play with girls. So I decided to look for a Mistress to own me. I desperately want to fulfill that dream. I had planned on getting a divorce after my son Barry goes off to college next year, and becoming a live in slave to a beautiful Mistress. I had looked in the personals, I looked on line, I even went to a few dyke bars, but never found what I was looking for" 

"We can stay right here in your home. Have you told Dave about yourself?" Mistress Diane said.

"Yes. He knows. He is cool with it. We talked about it and decided to go our separate ways together. He has his playmate, and I can find mine. We decided that a divorce would only screw us up financially at this point. Maybe we'll do it later, if one of us falls in love or something" Janice said

"Do your kids know?"

"No Mistress, we haven't told them." Janice said. 

Mistress Diane moved towards the bedroom door, she tuned and said to the naked woman on the floor. "Follow me." 

Janice started to get up, but Mistress Diane added "On all fours, bitch." 

And the naked woman crawled out of her bedroom following her Mistress.

They went into the master bathroom. .

"Slut, we are going to shave your pussy as a sign of your submission to me." 

"Mistress, do I have to shave?" Janice whined. 

Mistress Diane reached behind the kneeling naked woman and spanked her ass hard, delivering ten blows to each cheek. 

Janice whimpered as she was spanked, it just made her horny. 

"You either get shaved, or waxed. You want to be waxed slut? To have some stranger wax you and then rip the hair off your pussy?" Diane challenged her slave.

Truth to tell, Janice found that whole idea VERY exciting. But she opted to shave. Maybe later when Mistress learned to read her slave better, and find out what a complete masochist and humiliation slut Janice really was. Oh well, all good things in all good time. 

After Janice followed her Mistress into the bathroom on all fours, Diane told her naked slave to get in the tub. She told Janice to stand up, and when she did, Diane quickly bound her slave's hands to the ceramic soap dish mounted in the wall. This made Janice squirm with delight; she LOVED bondage, and hoped that Mistress Diane would keep her tied up often. 

"Spread your legs, slut." Mistress Diane ordered. As Janice complied, she heard the buzz of the clippers and soon felt it shearing the hair off her pussy. Janice rather enjoyed the vibrations from the clippers. When Diane had Janice's pussy down to stubble, she stopped shearing and said, "Ok. Time to lather you up" 

Janice whimpered, as Diane spread the lather around her slave's pussy. Janice closed her eyes and hung there with her mouth gaping open just loving the actions of her mistress's fingers and the lather. 

"Jesus, you REALY are a slut aren't you? You really get off on this don't you slut?" 

"Yes. Mistress." Janice answered enthusiastically, as she squirmed in her bondage.

"Well, STOP IT! You do not cum without permission, and you are going to have to beg for it." As Diane said this, she spanked Janice's tits. Having her tits slapped and the thought of having to beg her Mistress to cum, just turned Janice on even more, if such a thing was possible, 

Mistress Diane then grabbed a razor and did a very thorough job of shaving Janice. When she was finished, Diane told Janice to turn around and face the shower head. When she did, Janice was hit full force in the pussy with the COLDEST water she ever felt. It just made Janice's clit throb more. Diane finished rinsing her off, and then took a towel and dried her off. 

"Show me your pussy, slut." Janice spread her legs and gave her Mistress a view of her completely bald pussy. "Now this is how your pussy is to remain at all times. Understand Slut?" 

"Yes, Mistress." Diane got in Janice's face and told her:

"You will be inspected whenever I am here and if there is the least bit of stubble, you will be severely punished. If you have any doubts as that I mean what I say, just try disobeying me. I like my slaves' pussies shaved bald." 

"Slaves, Mistress? You have other slaves?" Janice asked

"Oh Yes, little slut. Some you would not believe." Diane said coyly. 

"Who, Mistress?' 

"You'll find out in good time, little slut. But now, I want to spank your bald pussy until you scream and beg me to cum." 

"Are you going to spank me with you hands Mistress?" Janice asked hopefully.

"Yes, Slut. At first. Then I am going to use this!" Diane said, pulling out a red hard plastic riding crop with a hand on the tip. Janice shivered with anticipation.

Diane started spanking Janice's pussy, and Janice had to count each blow. Finally after the 30th swat, Diane picked up the crop, claiming that her hand was tired. 

Diane flicked the crop against Janice's bald pussy, and Janice squealed with delight, and then counted the blow "Thirty-one. Thank you Mistress." 

Blow after blow reigned down on the helpless horny slave, and with each on she squirmed and twisted and got more and more turned on.

Finally, after another forty or so blow by the crop on the slave's pussy, Janice screamed out, 

"Mistress! PLEASE" 

"Please what, slut?" Diane asked, knowing full well what the answer would be.

"Please May I cum, Mistress. PLEASE!" 

"You call that begging? You can beg better than that" Diane said punctuating each word with a blow from the riding crop.

Janice begged for an orgasm like her very life depended on it. She whined, pleaded, she would have gotten on her knees and begged if she had not been securely tied in the bathtub.

Diane said "Very well, slut. You may come after another ten strokes to your pussy."

Diane took the crop and whipped the slave everywhere EXCEPT her bald pussy. Diane whipped the front and backs of Janice's thighs, her tits, her back, her ass. Diane even whipped the soles of the woman's feet. 

"Had enough slut?" 

By now Janice was out of her mind with desire. The whippings just drove her out of her mind with lust. 

"MISTRESS, I am begging you, would you PLEASE whip my pussy so I can cum. PLEASE!!!" Janice panted. 

"Certainly, slut. Only I am changing the conditions. It will be ten on your clit, and they will not be continuous." Diane added sadistically.

Janice whimpered, she was soooooo horny, she honestly didn't know how long she could hold out.

THWACK went the riding crop stinging her clit. "One" Janice screamed out.

Blows two, three and four came in rapid succession. Janice could barely count one out before the next one came. 

Blow five was a particularly hard and savage blow, Janice screamed out "FIVE" and almost came right there.

Janice hung in the bathtub panting with desire, and looked at her Mistress with pleading eyes. 

"There, there, little slut, you are almost there. Just five more and you can have the most explosive orgasm you've ever had." Diane teased. 

"But first, this." Dianne pulled out a vibrator and turned it on full and stuck it against Janice's tortured clit.

Janice bucked and shook, from the contact on her clit. 

"MISTRESS PLEASE!!!!! That is not fair." Janice pleaded.

"So what? Slut, I decide when and if you come and how. Understand, bitch?" 

"Yes, Mistress. I understand and will obey." Janice sniffled.

"Good. Now before we finish this session, What are you? 

"A slave, Mistress." 

"Whose slave?" 

"Your slave, Mistress." 

"Very good. Who am I?" 

"My beautiful Mistress Diane." 

"Excellent, Slave. You have earned your reward." Diane said picking up the crop.

THWACK went the crop "SIX" Janice screamed out. 

THWACK went the crop on Janice's clit "SEVEN" Janice screamed again. 

Blows Eight and Nine came down rapidly and Janice screamed out the counts. 

Janice hung there panting, waiting for the blow and the orgasm that would follow.

"Here it is slut. The last one." Diane said teasingly "Or should I do something else?"

"NOOOOOO, Mistress. PLEASE!! I need it so badly. PLEASE Whip my clit so I can cum. PLEASE!!!!!" Janice pleaded, with her Mistress.

"Oh very well. I suppose you've earned it." She said trying to act ambivalent. 

Blow ten to Janice's clit was the hardest of the all, and it triggered the orgasm that Janice desperately craved. Janice shook with pleasure from the tips of her toes to the base of her scalp. Every nerve in her body was alive with pleasure. Janice's pussy shook and twitched and flooded and girl juice flowed down Janice's thighs. 

"MMMMMMISSSSTRESSSSSS, OOHHHHHH MMMMYYYY GGGGOODDDD!!!!!! I AMMMMM CCCUUMMMMMMINGGGG!!!!!!!!!

AAAAARRRRRGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!" Janice wailed, not caring that her house wasn't sound proof, and not caring who heard.

Janice's orgasm went on for a good two and a half minutes, and then she passed out. Diane untied her slave and laid her down on the floor of the tub. 

When Janice awoke about 10 minutes later, she found her Mistress standing over her stark naked. Janice looked her Mistress up and down and discovered that she too was completely shaved.

"Like what you see, slut? I hope so, because you are going to be spending a lot of time with your face buried in my pussy." Diane said. 

Janice quivered with delight at the thought of that.

"But first you must earn that privilege. You may begin by kissing my ass LITERALLY, and I do mean EVERYWHERE." Diane said and turned her back on her naked slave. 

Janice scrambled out of the tub, knelt on the bathroom floor and began raining down kisses and caressing Diane's tight firm ass with her hands. 

"Oooooo, you horny little bitch, you do that really well." Diane groaned huskily. "Let's see how good you are at tonguing my ass. Go on, and get your sluttish mouth in there".

Janice spread her Mistress ass cheeks and plunged her tongue into Diane's puckered rosebud. After a few minutes of this, Diane could no longer remain standing and lay down on the carpeted bathroom floor, with her ass in the air. Janice spread the cheeks and plunged her tongue in again. The effect on Mistress Diane was electric.

"Ohhhhhh, Yeah, Slut, just like that. OOHHHHH MMMYYY GGGGOOODDDDD." Diane squealed and let loose with a toe curling orgasm, and Janice just kept tonguing her ass and lapping up her Mistress's cum. Janice kept up her tongue action until Diane rolled over, slapped her face and said "ENOUGH. I can't take any more of that right now." 

Janice got up went to the sink, brushed her teeth, and rinsed her mouth out with mouthwash. When she was finished, she returned to Diane who lay prone on the bathroom floor and lay down next to her, took the stunning black woman in her arms and kissed her passionately

"Was that good for you, baby?" Diane asked."Cause I sure LOVED it. You are one horny little bitch." 

"As are you, darling." Janice countered and kissed the woman forcing her tongue into Diane's mouth. 

Janice and Diane were not really lady of the house and her black maid. They were actually neighbors who had become lovers over the last couple of months. They set up the whole maid finding the lady of the house masturbating scene as an attempt to explore their mutual SM fantasies. This was the first of many more days and nights to come.