 Pulling my panties over my thighs, and next my black slacks, I reach behind me, flush, and step out of the bathroom stall. I watch my hips swing in the mirror as I walk up to the sinks. Turning on the faucet and waiting for the water to warm up to my liking, I hear a flush behind me. I hear her rustling with her clothes, then a little grunt as if she's having trouble. Finally the click of the lock sounds and out she steps from her stall. My curious eyes move to the mirror to find her. As she walks towards me, she runs a hand through her jet black shoulder length hair, still adjusting the skirt of her dress with the other hand.

She has the most beautiful features I've ever seen. She has a very exotic look to her, she looks to be Iranian. She is very tall, taller than me, and I stand 5'11" right now in my low heels. Her eyes are sparkling pools of the most beautiful green I've seen in my life. They aren't dark, but light, as if reflected off of a glacier. Her eyelashes are long and thick, her eyebrows a perfect curve to the shape of her eyes. Her lips are full like mine, and glisten from a shiny red lipstick. Her hair is bone straight, shines like diamonds, and I find myself wanting to touch the silkiness. Her cheekbones are high, her shoulders small yet defined, her overall frame long, lean, and fit. She's absolutely gorgeous. Catching me gawking at her, she flashes me a smile, revealing two rows of brightly whitened teeth. I smile back and turn my eyes quickly to my hands in the sink. Why is my heart pounding? Why do I feel flushed? Why do I all of the sudden feel aroused... and by nothing but the sight of a woman? This has never happened to me before. I frown, lost in my own confusion at the feelings coursing through me. 

At the sink next to me as she rubs soap over and through her long fingers, she speaks in an angelic voice and asks, "Are you alright?"

Catapulted back into the moment, I look up to her and find concern spread on her face. Why is she asking me this? "Yes, I'm fine... why do you ask?"

Her eyes drop to my hands, which are red from the water that I have not noticed this entire time was very hot. "The color of your hands looks painful; you've just had them sitting there under that water..."

Feeling a fool and finally feeling the burning, I yank my hands from underneath the faucet. Embarrassment creeps up my chest and into my cheeks and I'm paralyzed for a moment as to what to do. 

She senses this in me and says, "Come here..." She reaches out and takes both of my hands in hers; pulling them over to the sink she was standing in front of. Even through the painful burning, I can feel that her large hands are soft with an underlying strength. Holding my hands in one of hers, she reaches up with the other and adjusts the faucet to a very cold temperature. I instinctively pull away, but she urges my hands back under the water encouraging me that it's only lukewarm; it feels cold because my hands are so hot. I'm very touched by this stranger's hospitality to me, and I look up into her eyes and sheepishly thank her. She smiles warmly at me and the scent of her perfume tickles my nose as her hair falls over her shoulders. 

Suddenly I'm imagining what her lips would feel like against mine, what her neck would taste like to my tongue, what her reaction to me would be if I took her body in my mouth. I see her before me, her eyes closed, her mouth open, her head leaned back just waiting and yearning for my touch. My eyes get large as I feel that familiar wetness between my thighs, and I'm shocked that I'm feeling this way. 

She sees this and laughs, saying, "Wow, I've never seen someone's eyes get that big before! Is the water ok, are your hands feeling better?"

I laugh with her; my mother always had the same reaction when I widened my eyes. "I was just thinking something that's all, my hands are feeling a bit better now, you don't have to stay in here with me... thank you so much for your help," I respond. 

"Well, I want to make sure you're ok," she says in a low voice. "My name's Cora by the way," she offers. 

"Nice to meet you," I say as I tell her my name. She smiles and there's a hint of uncertainty and awkwardness on her face. The moment between us has changed. I don't know how and I don't know when, but suddenly I'm very aware of her as an attractive woman. She still lingers unnecessarily close to me, and I find my body reacting to her closeness. I wonder if she feels the same. Images flash through my mind uncontrollably and I bring my eyes up to meet hers. 

She sees. She understands. She feels the same. 

She walks away and behind me, and my head whips around to follow her, wondering if she was too uncomfortable to stay. She saunters slowly and graciously to the door of the restroom, her calf muscles tightening beneath her stockings. I then hear a soft click as she's locked the door. I'm nervous now. I've still got my hands underneath the cool water because I'm frozen in this situation, not sure how to act or what to do. She walks back towards me, a playful glint in her eye and with a new bold tone in her voice she says to me,

"I followed you in here. I've had my eye on you since you got here tonight. I've watched you laugh, drink, eat, and have a great time with your date. I was captured by your long beautiful hair, your amazingly bright eyes, the sweet sound of your laugh, the coyness you exude as you flirt. All the time I wondered to myself 'I wonder if she'd let me have her....'" This confession elicits chills over my entire body. She excites me. I want her to ravish me, slant her mouth against mine, rip my blouse from my chest, and smother my breasts with her red lips. "Will you... let me have you?" she finishes.

"I don't... know... I've never... uh..." I stammer, my tongue feeling thick and unable to produce anything that makes sense. 

Knowing she has the upper hand, the power in this situation, she comes up to me and takes my hands from under the faucet. She brings each finger to her mouth, sucking the water from my fingers. She swirls her tongue so softly around my fingers, then harder over my palm and wrist. I'm hypnotized by her boldness, and the sensation she is creating within me is delicious. With her eyes locked on mine, she brings one of my hands to her bare chest, moving my fingers just underneath the fabric of her low cut dress. Her breasts are plump and soft as she lets my fingers trace the swell of them. She lets go of my hand and reaches behind herself. I hear the soft zip just before the straps fall from her shoulders. She steps out of her shoes, then wiggles her way out of her dress... she lays it neatly on the arm of the chair next to us. She stands before me in satin navy blue. Her bra, her thong, her garter belt... even the thigh highs that are clipped to her garter are navy blue. My eyes take in the soft curve of her belly, the tautness of her thighs, the roundness of her hips, and the fullness of her bottom. 

"You are so beautiful," I say to her with amazement.

"And you are truly gorgeous," she says as she steps up to me and runs a hand through my hair. Her fingers rest on my cheek and her thumb moves out to trace my bottom lip. I can feel the heat radiating from her as she's so close to me, and my breathing has become ragged. Instinctively, my eyes close and my tongue reaches out to touch her finger. She allows a small amount of play with her finger, but before I know it she has replaced it with her mouth. She takes my full bottom lip between her hers first, slowly pushing her lips against mine, learning how to taste me. My hands find her waist, her ribs, the small of her back, exploring her soft body. She pushes her tongue into my mouth and I know now that I can not go back, I can not stop this from happening. This is a sensation I've never known before, I'm intoxicated by her femininity. I'm lost in her scent, her touch, her eagerness...

To Be Continued...