 revised. April. 2005.

Prologue. 

Twenty-three-year-old Chelsy Peters fought to stay awake, as she leaned her gloriously naked body carefully forward, her lovely breasts rubbing against the smooth wall. Her beautiful ass gleamed softly in the subdued lighting, her long shapely legs trembled gently in tension, as she balanced carefully on the balls of her bare feet. 

Her arms were stretched out high above her, her wrists strapped to restraints bolted into the wall, the rest of her lovely body was free to move. Her rich chestnut coloured hair, hung in soft waves down her back, finally spilling over on to her luscious buttocks. 

It was not that she wanted to stay awake; the last few days had sometimes been full of pain and sexual torture. Given an option, she would certainly have chosen blessed sleep. Mistress's mind had seemed to be on other things lately, she had hurt her 'subby' a couple of times, not intentionally of course... 

It had not always been so, Mistress had always been very considerate of her, being careful not to cause her real pain. She would never have left Chelsy alone before, like now... it was far too dangerous. 

Her mind came back to the present... if she even started to drift off, she would begin to lose her upright posture, she would start to slide down. 

And that would have the effect of pulling painfully on the two small stainless-steel rings, that were each embedded in her lush nipples. They in turn were connected by way of the nylon two-hundred-pound-test strings, which ran invisibly and tautly upwards to the restraints above her. 

One more similar string was connected invisibly to a matching ring embedded in her clitoral hood, just above her nubby love-bud. The nylon strings had a certain stretch built in them, there was a small but needed tolerance, that benefited her extremely sensitive goodies. 

She remembered when the Mistress had lovingly put the rings in her, the intense pleasure she had felt as her most sensitive areas had been embellished. The rings had bought her much pleasure in the past, as Mistress had played her body like a fine violin, an instrument of love... the controlled pain was an extremely erotic pleasure. 

Now all that was changed, and she didn't know why... and her eyes suddenly filled with tears. 

Moaning, she fought against the exhaustion which threatened to overwhelm her - she had been in this position for well over two hours - and she tried to steady herself as she wiped her cheeks against her raised arms. 

However, try as she might, she was unable to keep her mind from drifting; drifting back to the days long before this torture had begun.... 

Chapter 1. 

It seemed like years ago, although it was barely a couple. Only a few years out of high school, and at a loose end, the job as a receptionist for Dr. Joyce Swan, had seemed like a godsend to Chelsy. The work was interesting and not too hard, and her boss had been so nice. 

Then came the fateful day she had returned to the office, late on a Friday evening, to pick up a file she had forgotten to take home with her. It was not on her own desk, so she went into the Doctor's office to look for it. 

She found the file almost immediately, and was about to leave, when she became aware of a strange muffled noise, it seemed to be coming from behind the door in the back of the office. 

It was a door that she had assumed led to the Doctor's private washroom, it had always been locked, but it was ajar now. Curious, she pushed it open and went inside. She was surprised to find herself in a full bathroom. 

It was quite large, complete with an oversized bathtub, there was even a bidet next to the regular toilet. A grey granite topped vanity ran along one mirrored wall, with two separate sinks, quite large. There was a separate shower stall with frosted glass doors, and next to it was another door, this one closed. 

For the first time, she began to feel a little scared, the sound was louder now, definitely coming from whatever was behind this door. But her curiosity got the better of her, and she gulped, and opening the door she stepped through it.... 

Chelsy thought for a moment that she was having a bad dream, as she quickly took in the bizarre scene before her, and her eyes widened as she realised what was going on. She had heard about such things, never imagined that one day she would actually see them. 

There was a young girl, she couldn't have been more than eighteen years old, strapped face down on an examination table. She was writhing in agony from what was being done to her lovely naked body, her head rolled from side to side as she screamed in one continuous long wail. 

The girl had a voluptuous body for a teen-ager, and that didn't mean fat. Her flesh was taut on her frame, nicely tanned too. Her wrists and ankles were strapped to the table, her lovely ass was in the air at the far end, and a very naked Dr. Swan stood behind her, facing Chelsy. 

Her head was down, her hands on the girl's hips, pulling and thrusting, her mouth wide open in sexual pleasure, as she abused the young flesh before her. Her firm shapely breasts swung erotically, in time with her movement against the screaming girl, and she was moaning loudly as her hips drove hungrily into the girl's buttocks. 

Chelsy could see she wore a harness of some sort... then she realised what was happening... the Doctor was fucking the girl with a strap-on dildo, a rubber cock! Chelsy looked on in horror, and her boss moaned in obvious pleasure, as she raped the unfortunate young girl. 

The world seemed to collapse around Chelsy, as she stood stupefied at the scene in front of her. She screamed, then froze, unable to move, as Dr. Swan looked up and saw her, and reluctantly pulled away from her young victim. 

It was only then that Chelsy saw the rubber cock strapped to her... it seemed enormous to her horrified gaze! It bobbed lewdly around on her employer's glistening body, and then the floor rushed up to meet poor Chelsy as she fainted. 

Chapter 2. 

She didn't know how long she was unconscious, but when she woke up, she was naked and strapped into a gyno-exam chair, that was next to the table. She was on her back with her gorgeous ass up in the air, her wrists were strapped to the arms of the chair.  

Her sweetly swelling thighs and lovely legs, were stretched wide apart, displaying her pussy almost obscenely, her feet were locked in the stirrups. She had never felt so vulnerable and exposed in her life! 

As Chelsy looked rather dazedly up, she saw her sexy looking body reflected in the mirrored ceiling, which extended throughout, and then she saw the Doctor in the mirror, bending over her moaning victim. She looked around, as much as she could in her limited position, the room was quite large, there was even a queen-sized bed in one corner. 

She looked across at Dr. Swan, as she continued to fuck the moaning girl, and even in her distress, Chelsy realised that the woman had a truly beautiful body, not really hinted at under her normally loose work clothing 

Dr. Swan leaned forward as she thrust once more into the girl, then she saw that Chelsy was awake. She smiled with pleasure as she looked at her new captive, her eyes taking in the loveliness now spread open before her. 

She panted: "So we're awake now.. all ready to play some nice games are we!" 

And she laughed, drooling a little as she continued to fuck the young girl. The pace and depth of her strokes varied, the angle of her attack changed, as she hit the sensitive walls of the girl's vagina. 

Chelsy watched in fascination despite herself, as the Doctor lovingly fucked the heaving girl, she was quite expert, thought Chelsy clinically! She struggled to speak, but it was no use... a large plastic ball was fastened into her mouth with a leather strap... she hated it. 

The Doctor panted: "Bear with me Chelsy sweetheart, I won't be much longer here, then I'll get around to you. Afterwards, we can all have more fun together." 

She laughed shakily as she continued: "You are a really unexpected bonus tonight... you don't know how much I've looked forward to this moment!" 

All the while she was talking, she was ramming the dildo into the young girl's pussy, who was no longer screaming now, as she panted uncontrollably. The Doctor reached down with one hand, and began fingering the girl's anus, as she started moaning. 

Chelsy was ashamed, when her nipples hardened despite herself... she was actually starting to get turned on by the lewd scene! As her mind absorbed this unexpected re-action, she finally realised that the young girl was no longer screaming. 

She was moaning now in obvious pleasure, as her sexual desires took over, as the dildo pounded into her pussy, and her lovely ass raised up to meet the probing fingers in her anus. 

The Doctor groaned loudly in pleasure, as she eased her fingers deep into the girl's ass, finger-fucking her, as the girl groaned again and again. While the strap-on cock did it's deadly work, the Doctor's trembling fingers thrust further and further into the girl's rectum, reaming her out, as now they both groaned in pleasure. 

Then the girl screamed in agony again, as her anal opening was stretched impossibly wide, but now Dr. Swan was merciless, as her squished-up hand forced it's way in, almost up to the final knuckles. 

Now the girl heaved and spasmed, as her vagina sucked at and clenched lovingly around the invading dildo, her screams of pain turning to moans of pleasure. Her sphincter had tightened around the invading fingers, as the double fucking intensified, and then finally she screamed out heartrendingly, as she climaxed in the most powerful orgasm of her young life. 

Her eyes were enormous liquid pools, her bowels had melted inside her, as she finally surrendered to the assault upon her. Her rectal walls had become soft pillows of greedy flesh, her tawny anus a sucking mouth, as she desperately sought for her final release. 

She screamed out almost heartrendingly: "OH.. YESSS!" and tried to raise her body to meet the objects of her intense need... the pounding rubber cock deep in her cunt, and the reaming fingers in her ass-hole! 

Then the girl passed out, and after a minute or two, the doctor pulled out of her, panting wildly. She had been fingering her own rear-end with her other hand, and she had her own orgasm, as the young girl flooded the table with her juices. 

Then before Chelsy's horrified eyes, the Doctor positioned the head of the dildo at the girl's anus, and without hesitation drove the rubber cock deep into the unconscious girl's rectum, and started to fuck her limp body. 

After a minute or two, the girl came to, and screamed once more... but to Chelsy's utter amazement, it was a scream of pleasure, as the dildo pounded into her ass! 

Chelsy, who was completely overcome by now with the whole thing, looked on dazedly, as her own pussy throbbed. Then without warning, she climaxed in an intense orgasm... and she hadn't even been touched down there! 

Smiling broadly, and looking at Chelsy with glowing eyes, the Doctor fucked the writhing girl in her receptive ass, until she noisily orgasmed one more time, and passed out again. The Doctor finally pulled out of the girl, and cleaned off the dildo as it bobbed in front of her. 

Then she came over and un-buckled the ball-gag strap, and removed the ball from Chelsy's mouth, much to her relief. The Doctor's lovely face was close to hers, and then her sensual mouth claimed that of Chelsy's, and she kissed her passionately, as her tongue filled her mouth. And despite herself, Chelsy returned the kiss with equal passion... she couldn't help herself! 

Dr. Swan finally released her, and panted: "I've been wanting to do that to you, ever since that first day you walked into my office, you are so beautiful! And I have wanted to fuck you for a long time, my sweet darling girl... and now I'm going to!" 

She looked deep into Chelsy's wide eyes, and said slowly, and with great feeling: "I am going to teach you so many special things, my new love... and I'm going to keep you for myself," and she smiled lovingly at Chelsy, as she added, "you are going to be my subby!" 

Chelsy's mind swirled crazily, as the full meaning of what the woman was saying sank into her fevered brain. She was going to be a sexual slave to the whims of this admittedly lovely creature before her. And she was going to be fucked right now for starters... her head spun erotically despite herself. 

Chapter 3. 

Her pussy stirred as she looked at the big rubber cock, bouncing gently up and down on the Doctor's naked body... at her beautiful firm breasts, with the long dark nipples and thrusting areoles. The small waist that swelled into curvaceous hips and a luscious ass... the lovely long legs. 

The Doctor hesitated, then she turned around, and went over to the still unconscious young girl, and un-strapped her. She bent down and kissed the girl's lovely ass, patted her, then went into the bathroom. 

When she came back she had a small pail in one hand, and towels in the other. She very carefully washed off the girl's body, then dried it. She caressed the girl's gorgeous ass again, then bent down and very slowly licked it all over, inch by lovely inch. 

Her hot eyes bored into Chelsy's, as her tongue lapped and probed at the girls anus, then dipped down and licked at her pussy. Finally she stood up, reluctantly leaving the tasty dishes before her, and stroked the girl's golden hair, 

Then she came and stood in front of Chelsy, admiring her body for a minute or two. She smiled as she saw the evidence of her orgasm, and bent down and gently fingered Chelsy's baby smooth pussy, keening softly in her throat. 

Chelsy trembled as her gleaming clitoris was exposed by the probing fingers, and her head went back in reluctant pleasure, as the Doctor's mouth closed around her puffy mound, and she nibbled and licked at her throbbing love-bud. 

Chelsy was also trembling in fear... she knew what was coming next from this horny woman, as she remembered the bobbing rubber cock! 

The Doctor reluctantly raised her mouth from the delectable dish and stood up, her strap-on waving around. Then leaning over, she carefully positioned the cock-head at the wet pussy, and paused for a long moment, as her eyes bored into Chelsy's. 

Then without hesitation, she rammed the cock-head deep into Chelsy's cunt, as the young receptionist screamed at the sudden pain, then burst into tears and started bawling like a little child. 

The woman ignored Chelsy's tears, and started to fuck her in increasing passion, as her eyes devoured the lovely sight before her. She leaned forward and took one of Chelsy's tits in her mouth, and ravaged the nipple with her teeth, as Chelsy screamed even louder. 

Then the Doctor grasped Chelsy by her soft thighs, and really went to town on the young woman, fucking her frantically, almost as if she was determined to split her in two with the driving, pounding dildo. 

A half an hour or so later, Chelsy, who had long ago stopped crying, moaned in a mixture of relief and regret, as the cum covered rubber cock was pulled out from her throbbing cunt. She had noisily and juicily climaxed again and again, even as she fought not to, but her aroused and horny body had betrayed her completely. 

Afterwards, the Doctor had taken off the strap-on, and cleaned it and herself up, and kissed Chelsy with some passion. She had not released her, or cleaned her up though, and her glistening body was still covered in pussy juices - hers and the Doctor's. 

Chelsy vaguely wondered how many times she had cum, she had lost count as every one seemed to run into the next. Thank God the Doctor hadn't fucked her in her rear-end, she thought to herself, she had fully expected her to. 

Then she gulped and flushed, as she remembered the crazy thoughts that had run through her mind, as she had flooded the chair for the last time... wondering what was it like to be fucked in her ass! 

Chelsy had vaguely noted that the girl had finally revived, while she herself was being fucked again and again. The girl had sat up on the table, and watched everything in erotic fascination, her face flushed, she was obviously turned on by all the action. 

Her fingers were deep in her pussy, as she fingered herself to orgasm. It was clear that she was no longer a victim... she was now a player in the game that was about to further unfold... 

The Doctor pulled up a chair, and sat down in front of Chelsy, she was keening softly in her throat as she examined her glistening body closely. She had been thrilled when she had stripped Chelsy, to find the true loveliness of her naked body. 

Her long fingers probed and stroked, and as they strayed to her anus, Chelsy trembled in fear... she had an idea of what was coming! Then she gasped aloud as she felt a cum covered finger invade her anus, and push firmly into her for as far as it could, and wriggle around inside her. 

Unconsciously, she lifted her ass up to meet the probing finger, and the horny Doctor smirked knowingly at young Cathy - that was her name - who smiled tremulously back.... she knew all about anal delights! 

Then she eased the fingers of one hand into Chelsy's sopping wet vagina, and deftly scooped out some cum. She applied the goo to the young woman's anus, and started to push her fingers into her, gently at first, lubricating her. 

She scooped out some more cum, and pushed two of her fingers further in the tawny ass-hole before her, and started to firmly ream out the protesting sphincter, stopping to add more cum... and fingers, from time to time. 

Chelsy groaned in agony, then suddenly and amazingly, her ring of muscle started to soften, and allowed the Doctor's fingers, all four of them now, to enter her up to the last knuckles. She moaned, the pain was still intense, but bearable now, and imperceptibly her sphincter relaxed even more. 

The woman saw this, and she withdrew her fingers, much to Chelsy's surprise... all of a sudden her body felt empty, abandoned... but not for long! The Doctor unsnapped the dildo from the harness, and carefully inserted the head of it into Chelsy's open anus, then pushed it firmly into her ass, ignoring Chelsy's pleas for her to stop. 

Chelsy screamed out once more, in agony this time from the all-encompassing pain in her abused rear-end, and once again she fainted, luckily for her right then, as the Doctor fucked her glistening ass-hole with the dildo in unbridled passion. 

Chapter 4. 

Before the night was over, she would actually ask for more! She had been finally released from her straps and stirrups, when it became obvious she was now a willing participant. And they had moved over to the bed to continue their pleasure. 

The Doctor's inventive mind was a cess pool of erotica. Not only was Chelsy's gorgeous ass painfully fucked by the dildo, at the same time, her pussy was entertained with a very interesting vibrator... this one had a little attachment, that concentrated on her 'g-spot'. 

Chelsy had loved it at first, her pleasure partly overcoming the pain in her sphincter, but she had to finally beg the Doctor to take it out, it was too much for her, the vibrating pleasure too concentrated on one tiny area. 

Then the young girl was given a strap-on cock, and told to fuck her... Chelsy noted that she didn't seem to need much persuasion! And finally they had both fucked her at the same time, as she screamed out her heartfelt pleasure at this new abuse of her heaving body. 

After which, they took turns in going down on her, eating her out to pussy-busting orgasms, while their fingers titillated her sucking anus. She thought she had died and gone to heaven, she loved being eaten out! 
