 We laid there for a little while, catching our breath after making love for the first time. It was everything that I had expected it to be and more. It was more than what we had talked about when we were online together and it sent my mind reeling as I lay there reliving it. I closed my eyes, and breathed in deeply as I remembered the feel of your lips and tongue against my soaking pussy. It was a happy contented sigh that I breathed and you sat up on your elbows and looked over at me and smiled.

"How are you feeling, sweetheart?" you asked me as you leaned back down and rested your head on my shoulder.

"Wonderful," I replied, lazily, my fingers stroking your upper arm as I held you next to me. I thought to myself, it's my turn to please you.

You laid back and nuzzled against me, and that's when I made my move. I rolled over on top of you and took you into my arms, and I leaned down and kissed your lips tenderly, passionately. Your arms went around my back and neck and held me to you, our breasts pressed together, our nipples flicking one another as we kissed. I felt your leg go between mine and your hands rubbed down my back over my ass as my mouth devoured yours, our tongues dancing in one another's mouths. I felt your hands move up and down my back, over my ass and back up again. Your fingers rushing through my hair as I lay over you, kissing you. I held myself over you so that I could look down at you, and what a sight you are to me. Your hair splayed out all over the pillow, the want and desire that I can see in your eyes, and your mouth, red and soft, and I can still taste myself on your lips. I stare into your eyes and your hand comes up to my cheek and caresses it. As you touch my cheek, I close my eyes and feel shivers flow through me.

I lean down, taking your hand in mine, and hold it against my chest for a moment, and as I do, I hear you whisper softly to me, "Make love to me, darling." I lean down and kiss you tenderly again, your body moving against mine. I move to lay directly over you, and I kiss you long and tenderly, feeling your hands caress my back again. I move my mouth from your lips to your neck, and softly nuzzle and nibble on your sweet flesh, licking it and sucking it. I move my tongue to your ear and as I do, I hear you cry out and moan as my tongue touches it. I also make sure you hear my breathing as I lick your ear, and your hands dig into my back.

I then move my mouth back to your neck, and without any kind of warning, I sink my teeth gently into your neck and suck your skin. This drives you nuts, and you wiggle beneath me. Your leg is between my legs, and I can feel your pussy against my thigh, already wet with anticipation. Your hands dig into my back and I can feel your nails about to rip my flesh.

From your neck, I move to your chest. I kiss along your collarbone, then drag my tongue down over the tops of your breasts. I feel your heart beating against my lips as I do that. I feel your hands rubbing my back as I move my mouth over your breast and onto your nipple. I reach my hand to your breast and caress it as I kiss it and I close my mouth over your hard nipple, gently tugging at it and nipping at it with my teeth. Your hand comes to the back of my head and holds me to your breast, like a newborn taking milk from its mother and I move my mouth around your nipple, sucking it, pulling on it, nibbling on it, and I hear you groan and moan with pleasure. 

I continue sucking your tit, and as I do, my hand travels down the rest of your body. My hand caresses your hip and over your leg and back up. I suck on your nipple and my wandering hand finds your pubic mound. I push a little against it, and your body rises up to meet my fingers. I release your nipple from my mouth and kneel up on my knees. I help you to sit up slightly, propping your body against the headboard, putting pillows behind you. Your knees are bent and your feet are flat against the mattress. I get up from the bed for a few moments, and walk over to my bag of tricks. I look over at you and you have that "what's she up to now?" look in your eyes. I smile, cause I know you're trying to read my thoughts.

I walk back to the bed, and sit down next to you. In my hand, I have a bottle of cinnamon flavored oil. I crawl up onto the bed and kneel at your feet. I pour it over your tits, down your stomach and over your legs. The heat from the cinnamon drives you wild and the smell mixing with your scent drives me wild. I put the oil bottle back onto the table and I lay over you again. Some oil dribbled on my finger and as I lay back over you, I wipe it on your lips and your tongue comes out to taste your lip and my finger. I kiss you deeply tasting the cinnamon, my hands rubbing the oil into your body.  

I work the oil into your skin. My hands lovingly caress your shoulders, down over your chest, between your breasts, and over your breasts, caressing and cupping them, massaging the oil into you. The heat from the cinnamon flavoring is intense, and you are groaning and moaning, pushing your body tighter to my hands. I move my hands over your stomach, gently, lovingly massaging your body with the oil. I move my hands over your hips, down your legs and over your calves, and then your feet. I lay your leg back down on the bed and I am now kneeling between your legs. 

I look up at you and you are writhing and moaning all over the bed, compliments of my massaging. I lean up and cover your body with mine, I feel the heat of the oil against my own skin. Again, the intense smell of the oil mixes with your own natural scent, giving the room a very heady, musky smell, and it is too much for me. I look straight into your eyes, and without so much as taking my eyes off of yours, I lower myself down between your legs.

Stopping just at your pubic bone, I lay my hands on your hips, gently kneading them, and as I do, I lean down and kiss your mound. Just your mound. Your body is on fire from a mix of the massage and the oil -- my kiss only lights that flame even further. The light kiss pushes your body up to me, your mound tight on my mouth. I hold your legs and gently glide my mouth over the top of your thigh and down to your knee, all the time spreading your legs open. You lean back against the headboard and grab it over your head. I run my tongue along your thigh, stopping short of your pussy. Then, I do the same to your other leg, stopping again just short of your pussy. This frustrates you and you groan out my name, telling me please eat me, eat me. Oh, how I want to. The mix of the oil with the scent of your pussy is putting me into space. But, I want this to last forever. I want this to be the ultimate climax for you. I want you to cum as you have never cum before.

I continue to tease you, licking your legs, stopping just shy of your swollen lips. I kiss your mound and the crease of your leg where your thigh begins and your leg ends. I push up your leg so that it points straight up and kiss and lick the backs of your thighs. When I do that, I see your tight ass staring at me. I move you so that your are half sitting, half laying on your side, and I massage your cheeks and lick and kiss them, sending you just to the edge. When I spread your cheeks and tickle your tight little hole with my fingers and tongue, and you feel the heat from the oil and the softness of my tongue, that is what does it for us both.

I put you back on your back, and like you did for me, I push a pillow under your hips. I take your hands and place them over your head to hold the headboard. I spread your legs as wide as they would go, and laid down between them. I placed my hands on your hips, and leaned in and kissed your sweet, full, wet pussy. I was in Heaven! The scent from the oil and the scent that you produce naturally combined to make my head spin. Another kiss on your full lips, your juice and the oil covering my lips. Your hands grasped the headboard and your hips came to mine, a long slow moan out of your lips. Another kiss and you tightened your pussy to my mouth. I grabbed your hips and looked up at you, watching you enjoy what I was doing. 

I looked at your slit, there was juice running out of you. And as I continued to lick and kiss your lips, your clit peeked out from under the hood and stood out to me, begging for me to pay attention to it, too. I let go of your hips, and placed my thumbs on either side of your lips and pried them open. As I did, your cream and juices pushed apart and held to each lip in strings. When I did that, your clit peeked straight out. I pointed my tongue and just touched your clit with my tongue, and I never heard such a sound come out of anyone as it did you.

I caressed your clit, curling my tongue lovingly around it and pulled it gently, watching it snap back as I let go of it. Your body would react to that, and you would cry out in sheer delight. I continued tugging your clit and watching the lightening bolts of desire fly through you. Every now and again, I would scratch it with my teeth and you tried so hard to keep your hands on the headboard, but I felt your hands on my head and you guided me to where you wanted me -- right at that beautiful opening.

I held your legs and hips and slipped my tongue deep into your opening. I swirled my tongue in circles around your hole, wiggling my head as I did, my nose rubbing against your clit as I sucked and flicked your hole. Your juices were pouring from your hole as I did this and I let them fill my mouth. Your hands on my head pushing me tighter to you. The intensity of the oil and your juices filling my nose. My tongue deep inside you feeling your walls close around it and pull me inside you. I reached down with my finger and rubbed against your tight butt hole, wiggling my finger around it. You were riding my mouth and face with wild abandon. Pushing my head tighter and tighter against your wet pussy. I felt the throb of your clit against my tongue. I worked my finger inside your tight asshole. I sucked and licked your wet, creamy hole.

Suddenly, your body stopped for just a second. Your hands tightened in my hair. Something was going to happen. I grabbed your hand with my free hand and looked up at you, never breaking my rhythm on you. Your body started to tremble. I heard your breath come quickly. Your eyes closed tight, your moans were starting low, then getting louder. And higher in pitch, too. I braced myself on the bed and tight against your pussy, never once taking my eyes off you. And then, it happened.

It was like a river broke through a dam when your orgasm hit. Your sweet juices flowed out of you and into my mouth. I tightened my mouth around your hole so that I wouldn't loose a drop. My tongue deep inside your hole, I could feel the walls of your pussy contract around my tongue and pull me deeper. Your clit throbbed against my mouth, too. Your cries of passion and ecstacy filled the air, along with the sweet scent of your pussy, and the oil that I massaged into you.

I drank and drank. You came and came, over and over again. Your juices smeared all over my face, and in my hair. My nose rubbed your clit over and over again as I moved my mouth all over your pussy, gathering up your sweet cum. The waves of love kept hitting you over and over again, but I would not let up at all. I drank every drop, savoring your sweet flavor, memorizing it so that I would always know you were nearby.

Finally, the waves began to subside, and I removed my finger from your ass, and lifted my head from your pussy. I crawled up to you and helped you to lay back into the bed. Your climax had totally wiped you out. You could not move a muscle. It was as if you were a ragdoll. I laid you back down, and gathered you into my arms, my face and hair still covered in your love. You held me like a frightened child, and lifted your head up to see me covered in your cream. With just an ounce of strength in you, you leaned up and kissed me, tasting the mix of oil and your juices on my lips. I stroked your cheek, wiping the tear away that was rolling down your face. I put my hand on the back of your head and laid you down on my shoulder and chest, watching your eyes close as your head rested on me. I pulled the cover over us and reached up and turned off the light on the night stand, and snuggled beside you, hearing only the sounds of our steady breathing as we drifted off to sleep, locked in the bonds of love.