 Ginger was a 20 year old who longed to find the person for her. She was average height, deep auburn hair, had gorgeous green eyes that looked like they had a green fire glowing deeply inside them. She had a nice tan, and a nice shapely figure, 36 D breasts with perky nipples that stood out even through her bras. Even though she was very beautiful she never really had much luck when it came to finding men. She didn't know before this what the reason was, other than she just wasn't attracted to men the way most women are. All her life she had pondered the though of what it would be like to be with a woman. 

As a teenager, during sleepovers she had sexual thoughts about her girlfriends. She never was brave enough to act on them, other than the occasional truth or dare, and spin the bottle games they played. She went to college and only had one boyfriend who was more than a friend to her than a boyfriend. She never had sex with him, she tried but it was just never the right time, or she wasn't in the mood. She had the idea that she wanted her first time to be with the person she was really in love with. 

After her second year of community college she got a job in a television studio during the summer, as a night time secretary who answered the phones, and done various duties in their control room. She had made friends with a lot of people, and one person in particular that was very close to her was her best friend Victoria. Vic was very attractive, and they hung out a lot together. One night they got a wild hair and met up with one of Vic's friends Charlie. Charlie was lesbian, and liked to hang out in the gay club scene. They went out and had a few drinks with her. 

This was Ginger's first time in a gay club, and she was very nervous, but she watched the women dancing together, and some were making out. She got very aroused by watching this happen, and told Vic she was sort of uncomfortable there, so they left, and went back to Vic's. They started talking and Vic wanted to know what made her uncomfortable at the club. She started to tell Vic, how she really felt about women, and how aroused she got when she thought about a woman's body. She had no idea, what was about to unfold, as they got deeper into conversation. Vic turned on some very soft music on the stereo, and lit some scented candles that were all about the living room. Vic looked at Ginger's body with a devilish grin, and told her that she herself was very much into women, and that she was very attracted to Ginger. 

She leaned into Ginger caressing the soft skin of her cheek and ran her fingers down along her neck, touching her breasts ever so gently. Ginger was flushed with sensation, and sighed with a whisper. Ginger's eyes glowed with that green fire, as she felt like she was going to gush with juices, just from the touch of Vic. Vic leaned into her and kissed her soft full lips, slowly as she whispered, "I want you so badly." Vic then slowly unbuttoned Ginger's blouse, and slid it off her, then stripped out of her own shirt. She teased and kissed Ginger's nipples and pushed her down on the couch. She kissed down her stomach and abdomen, then picked up Ginger's leg and started kissing the inside of her knees and thighs. She worked her way over every inch of Ginger's body. Ginger could feel her juices soaking through her panties, as Vic slid up her skirt, and began kissing higher and higher on her thighs.

Ginger moaned, "Ahhhh," as she almost climaxed right in her panties. Vic slid off her panties, and began teasing the area around her most sensitive parts.

"Oh my God, you are so fucking wet," Vic whispered as she started licking her clitoris. Ginger though her insides were going to explode they felt so hot. 

Ginger moaned with pleasure, as Vic eased her finger into her pulsating vagina. She slid one finger in and out a few times, and then two fingers.

"Oh your pussy is so tight", she said and she sucked on her clit while fucking her with her fingers.

Ginger was by this time moaning loudly, "Ohhhh Ohhhh Yesssss! Oh my God, I've never felt this before!" Her pussy started to flow juices down Vic's hand, as she felt her body start to tense up, her pussy throbbed, and she became overcome with sensation as she came. Her body trembled; she grabbed Vic's head and grinded into her face. 

She flung Vic back onto the other end of the couch, "Now I am going give you what you just gave me," she said. She started nibbling on Vic's luscious nipples, then suckling harder as she slid her fingers across Vic's sobbing wet pussy.

Vic whispered to her, "fuck me bitch, make me cream on you hand." Ginger took her fingers and slid them into Vic one at a time, while using the thumb from her other hand to massage her clit in a circular motion. Vic yelled, "Oh yeah that's it baby, fuck me good! I want you to fill my pussy with your fingers!" 

Ginger pushed harder, and tightened her fingers together, and pushed all 4 fingers up to her knuckles into Vic's juicy pussy. She worked her fingers in and out of her pussy, while Vic whispered, "more....... More!" She then turned her hand around in a circle, and this send Vic over the edge. 

Vic started screaming, "Oh Yes... Oh Yes.... Oh fuck! I'm Cumming!" Vic's whole body started to shake and her legs were vibrating, as she squirted pussy juice down Ginger's hand, and it ran on down her arm and dripped on the floor. Ginger licked some of the cream off her pussy, and told her how delightful it tasted. She leaned up and started kissing Vic passionately, as they whispered to each other, "oh this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship." 

Vic said, "wait until you get to feel the other surprise that is waiting on you...

To be continued...

Author, Ms Star

I am dedicating this story to My Friend Geri, as she has inspired me to start writing again, I haven't written anything in several years, so I hope it is enjoyed.