 Martine thrust a bite of scalloped veal into her mouth, chewed and swallowed quickly, then pointed her fork at Helen's lunch. "Aren't you going to eat any more of that?"

Helen smiled wistfully down at her Caesar salad and shook her head. "I can't afford to have more than a morsel or two at lunch, dear. I can't burn it off the way you younger gals do."

Martine's face colored. At fifty, Helen was the picture of glowing good health, with classically voluptuous proportions that called to men of all ages. She wore form-fitting silk blouses, leather miniskirts, and stiletto heels that would have looked foolish and vain on nearly any other woman her age. Her sensual appeal was as obvious as any beauty queen's, and as unaffected as the gait of a cat. Martine, who would have sworn she was absolutely heterosexual, could hardly look at Helen without wanting to touch her.

Nine out of ten younger women would have killed to have Helen's figure. Martine was one of the nine. At twenty-five, her lifelong chubbiness had started to edge toward genuine overweight, and she felt powerless to arrest it.

"It seems like a lot to give up," Martine said, "just to have a fashionable figure."

Helen's face went blank. She leaned forward and steepled her fingers against her lips. "What makes you think that's the only reward, dear?"

Martine put down her fork. "Well..."

"Have you ever heard the saying, 'hunger is the best sauce'?"

"Uh, no."

"But it is." Helen's smile returned. "Desire is what gives any satisfaction its intensity. The more desire, the more satisfaction. The less you eat, the more pleasure you take from your meals. Are you enjoying your veal?"

Martine was momentarily nonplussed. She looked quickly about the little restaurant, inexplicably anxious that someone might be eavesdropping on them. "It's all right, I guess. Why did you ask?"

"I've had it here," Helen murmured. "They do it exceptionally well. But you were gulping it down as if you could hardly taste it."

Martine's mouth dropped open. She looked down at her nearly empty plate, and realized that what Helen had said was true. She put her fingertips to the edge of the plate and pushed it gently away. It took more effort than she expected.

"One of the less obvious things about pleasure of any kind," Helen said, "is how a certain amount of self-denial can make it so much better. Enough to sharpen your nerves and bring you up onto your toes for it."

"I would never have expected," Martine said slowly, "to hear an exotic lingerie and sex toy retailer advocate self-restraint. I thought the whole point of what you do is to encourage people to enjoy themselves."

Helen nodded. "It is. What's the point of what you do, dear?"

"Huh? I write Web applications, you know that."

"For their own sake? The more code, the better?"

"Of course not! My clients have specific needs. Once I know what those are, I craft Web sites to meet them."

Helen merely sat silently.

Martine chewed her lip. Her last romance had fizzled out from mutual indifference. Neither she nor Ted had wanted to continue it. They'd begun making elaborate excuses not to get together. Yet there was nothing wrong with him. In fact, she'd thought of him as a considerable catch. She still did, when she viewed his assets objectively.

There wasn't much wrong with her, either. She was bright, pretty, well to do, still on the sunny side of thirty, and at ease in any social setting. She had no faults the loss of twenty pounds couldn't cure.

Without preliminary, she rose, fished a twenty-dollar bill out of her purse, and slapped it on the table. "Let's go back to your shop, Helen."

The older woman cocked an eyebrow. "Was there something you wanted there, dear?"

Martine flipped a hand. "Maybe. I'm counting on you to find it for me."

The corners of Helen's mouth canted upward. "Ah. I see. Yes, let's be off."

