 This first part is an introduction to how it came to be that I was to meet with a woman who was to turn my life around completely in I way I could never have imagined. Not only to to wake up the lesbian feelings lurking inside me, but to the turns of events that would take me on a journey into the taboo world of sexuality. So ladies please bear with me:

I left my home town when I was 19 to move to the big city where an attractive girl like me could do better, or at least that's what I thought. For the first eighteen months or so wasn't so good as the only job I could find, (with no real skills) was as a waitress in a Fish and Chip Shop. It was long hours, with low pay. I also frequented pubs and a dance hall where the lower elements of society went.

After a bad experience I moved to a better part of the city, and found another dance hall where I met a better class of men. I had started to improve my image for lack of a better way of describing it became less of a slut in my appearance. I did this by mostly observing what other women wore and dressing like they did. I found I attracted a better class of men, men with good jobs so they could afford to take me to nicer restaurants for dinner, concerts etc. as well as better 'lounges' rather than crummy pubs.

I was pleased with the changes I was experiencing, and realized I could mix with the best of company. I found a nice job in a better class restaurant, and was soon made a 'Section Leader'. The hours were weird, and most days had two hours off between 2 and 4 PM. (After the lunch period which usually started getting quiet around 1:30 PM, then I would go back on shift at 4 for the supper crowd. Of course there was always more of us on duty during the busy periods of 6 -9 AM for breakfast, and 11 - 2 PM for lunch and 4 - 8 PM for supper and dinner. Our shifts were rotational, so each week I'd work a different shift from the week before.

I'm not certain when she first came in for lunch, I know it was around the end of May or the beginning of June, and usually she would came in later, like around 1:00 to 1:30 when it was quieter, and I'd wait on her table. Right away I noticed her eyes and smile, particularly the eyes which to me looked like 'bedroom eyes'.

She came in each day and soon we would get chatting as we got to know each other, the way people do when they see each other each day like that. She would take a table in my section and would greet me with a lovely smile and a, "hello, how are you" sort of greeting, and always extremely polite. Right from the first time I waited on her she would leave me a generous tip, so of course I was always happy to serve her.

She had a foreign accent, one I couldn't place, and one day when it started raining cats and dogs, and I mean pouring, she decided to wait till the rain stopped or at least eased up. My shift ended at 2 PM, and for the same reason decided to just wait around as I had to be back at work for 4. I got myself a cup of tea and sat behind the counter, there was only a handful of people in the restaurant waiting for the rain to clear up as well. Catherine, her name as I'd found out, held up her tea pot as a signal for more tea and although my shift was over, the waitress on duty was in the kitchen so I went over and got the pot and refilled it. She commented on the downpour and I mentioned I was just going to wait too, so she invited me to join her, so getting my cup I returned and we sat and chatted.

Catherine I guessed to be around 40, she was a plump woman, with what I would call an 'Ample' or 'Rubenesque' build, I say that as her figure was in proportion. Although she was dressed a little old fashioned, her clothes were of very good quality, as was her necklaces with matching earrings. She also wore those old fashioned ankle boots with high heels like the Victorians wore, which I thought was typical of the 'colonials.'

Over the next few weeks I would see her quite often and started to look forward to it, and she seemed to make a point of coming in and sitting in my section, so when I would not be so busy, as I was to learn later, it was deliberate so she could chat with me.

She told me she had just arrived from Rhodesia, (Now Zimbabwe) where she had been brought up, the reason I'll tell you about later, and we had a nice conversation. She had a pretty face and an extremely pleasant voice and beautiful hazel eyes that seemed to sparkle as she spoke. I don't remember much about what we talked about other then she told me about Rhodesia, one thing I do remember, is for some reason she talked about the difference in the countryside, as every thing was so much greener here than in South Africa.

One day she didn't show up, all that week I never saw her and was disappointed and it made me realize how much I'd looked forward to seeing her each day.

Then she came in for dinner on the Saturday evening. (I had told her my schedule during our previous chats). I was delighted to see her again and think it showed in my enthusiasm, but we were very busy so after taking her order I had to see to others. She obviously saw I was busy, and took her time over her meal and patiently waited till it quieted. She apologized for being away explaining she had to go visit family for some reason and said she missed our, 'lunch time chats.' My shift was ending at 8 PM and she invited me for a drink after I was off duty, and I accepted.

I had been dating an older man for about 6 months but that was winding down as he was starting to get too demanding. We had met at a dance and started dating. At first he was very generous keeping me in cigarettes, nylons and lingerie as well as taking me out to nicer pubs and restaurants for lunch or dinner. I in return would take good care of his sexual needs spending nights with him as he had his own Flat. He enjoyed some kinky play too that I was happy to indulge in with him, but that's a story for another time. As I said by the time I met Catherine he was getting too demanding, feeling he had bought me, a big mistake for him.

Saturdays after my shift ended, whether it was at 6 or 8 PM, I would go to meet him at a pub, then we would go dancing followed by my spending the night with him.

The pubs closed about 10 PM in those days so when she invited me to join her for a drink it didn't bother me that I would 'stand him up.' We enjoyed a few drinks that she insisted on paying for, and when we went to leave she told me she had a car and offered to drive me home. I was quick to accept and she drove me home where before I got out of her car, she asked me if I'd like to go with a drive with her the next day, to which I agreed.

Once I went inside I couldn't put her out of my mind, trying to figure her out. She was obviously rich or at least well off as not too many ordinary people could afford a car in the U.K. in those days. Why me? We got along just fine, I admit the first attraction was her generous tips after a meal, but now this felt different for some reason. She was more than twice my age, perhaps she was just lonely just having arrived from Africa I don't know. Now here was what I thought by now was a wealthy woman making friends with me.

Now I was invited to go for a drive with her, I had been quick to accept and I think it showed, or again that might have been my imagination. Now here I was, heart pounding, butterflies in my stomach I don't remember exactly, perhaps it was some kind of instinct I don't know, just I was looking forward to seeing her again. 

She picked me up around noon, I remember being impressed with her car and I got in and off we went. It was a lovely summer that year and that Sunday was no exception, warm and sunny as she took me into the hills where we stopped and had a lunch at a country pub, then took a leisurely scenic route back into the city. When she went to drop me off at my Tenement building, she reached over and gave my hand a squeeze smiling at me and said something like, " thank you you've made my day" or words to that effect. Her eyes seemed to be alive and her touch was electric, my heart pounded I'm sure as I hurried away after a quick, "thank you, I enjoyed it very much too" or something like that and hurried into the building.

I got to my room and looked out the window in time to see her car disappearing down the road and I had a funny feeling I would be seeing her for a long time to come. She was in my thoughts constantly by this time, and my masturbation's were beautiful, strong and powerful as she was all I could think of. The following week one day after her lunch we chatted as usual, and she asked me if I'd like to go to the pictures with her. I had no reason not to, so I said sure and she asked me what would be a good time. I suggested the following Saturday evening as I was off work at 6 PM that day. 

It was arranged that she would pick me up around 8 PM and we would go to the 'second house', that would give me time to go home and freshen up for our 'date'.

I thought about our relationship, there was something not right about it. She was attractive, albeit a little over weight but never talked about a husband or boyfriends, and why this attachment to me? I thought about when we were together, she had never said or indicated anything to make me think this was nothing more than just a friendship, yet my instincts were telling me this wasn't right. Without realizing it my instincts were telling me she was queer, yet I didn't find the thought to be distasteful. In the more than two years here I felt I'd had more pricks in me than a pin cushion.

I wondered what it would be like trying to have sex with another female, nah can't happen to me, women just don't have the right equipment to please me, still the thought did cross my mind. She was just a lonely old female hungry for friendship with a pretty girl like me. If my relationship with Robert wasn't falling apart this most likely would never have happened. I guess I was lonely too for decent companionship. Like I said, she was always so polite and courteous, it was nice that one of the upper classes was treating me like a lady, she made me feel good about myself.

Now I was to go on a date that would transform me for the rest of my life!