 This first part is an introduction to how it came to be that I was to meet with a woman who was to turn my life around completely in I way I could never have imagined. Not only to to wake up the lesbian feelings lurking inside me, but to turns of events that would take me on a journey into the taboo world of sexuality. So ladies please bear with me:

I left my home town when I was 19 to move to the big city where an attractive girl like me could do better, or at least that's what I thought. For the first eighteen months or so wasn't so good as the only job I could find, (with no real skills) was as a waitress in a Fish and Chip Shop. It was long hours, with low pay. I also frequented pubs and a dance hall where the lower elements of society went.

After a bad experience I moved to a better part of the city, and found another dance hall where I met a better class of men. I had started to improve my image for lack of a better way of describing it became less of a slut in my appearance. I did this by mostly observing what other women wore and dressing like they did. I found I attracted a better class of men, men with good jobs so they could afford to take me to nicer restaurants for dinner, concerts etc. as well as better 'lounges' rather than crummy pubs.

I was pleased with the changes I was experiencing, and realized I could mix with the best of company. I found a nice job in a better class restaurant, and was soon made a 'Section Leader'. The hours were weird, and most days had two hours off between 2 and 4 PM. (After the lunch period which usually started getting quiet around 1:30 PM, then I would go back on shift at 4 for the supper crowd. Of course there was always more of us on duty during the busy periods of 6 -9 AM for breakfast, and 11 - 2 PM for lunch and 4 - 8 PM for supper and dinner. Our shifts were rotational, so each week I'd work a different shift from the week before.

I'm not certain when she first came in for lunch, I know it was around the end of May or the beginning of June, and usually she would came in later, like around 1:00 to 1:30 when it was quieter, and I'd wait on her table. Right away I noticed her eyes and smile, particularly the eyes which to me looked like 'bedroom eyes'.

She came in each day and soon we would get chatting as we got to know each other, the way people do when they see each other each day like that. She would take a table in my section and would greet me with a lovely smile and a, "hello, how are you" sort of greeting, and always extremely polite. Right from the first time I waited on her she would leave me a generous tip, so of course I was always happy to serve her.

She had a foreign accent, one I couldn't place, and one day when it started raining cats and dogs, and I mean pouring, she decided to wait till the rain stopped or at least eased up. My shift ended at 2 PM, and for the same reason decided to just wait around as I had to be back at work for 4. I got myself a cup of tea and sat behind the counter, there was only a handful of people in the restaurant waiting for the rain to clear up as well. Catherine, her name as I'd found out, held up her tea pot as a signal for more tea and although my shift was over, the waitress on duty was in the kitchen so I went over and got the pot and refilled it. She commented on the downpour and I mentioned I was just going to wait too, so she invited me to join her, so getting my cup I returned and we sat and chatted.

Catherine I guessed to be around 40, she was a plump woman, with what I would call an 'Ample' or 'Rubenesque' build, I say that as her figure was in proportion. Although she was dressed a little old fashioned, her clothes were of very good quality, as was her necklaces with matching earrings. She also wore those old fashioned ankle boots with high heels like the Victorians wore, which I thought was typical of the 'colonials.'

Over the next few weeks I would see her quite often and started to look forward to it, and she seemed to make a point of coming in and sitting in my section, so when I would not be so busy, as I was to learn later, it was deliberate so she could chat with me.

She told me she had just arrived from Rhodesia, (Now Zimbabwe) where she had been brought up, the reason I'll tell you about later, and we had a nice conversation. She had a pretty face and an extremely pleasant voice and beautiful hazel eyes that seemed to sparkle as she spoke. I don't remember much about what we talked about other then she told me about Rhodesia, one thing I do remember, is for some reason she talked about the difference in the countryside, as every thing was so much greener here than in South Africa.

One day she didn't show up, all that week I never saw her and was disappointed and it made me realize how much I'd looked forward to seeing her each day.

Then she came in for dinner on the Saturday evening. (I had told her my schedule during our previous chats). I was delighted to see her again and think it showed in my enthusiasm, but we were very busy so after taking her order I had to see to others. She obviously saw I was busy, and took her time over her meal and patiently waited till it quieted. She apologized for being away explaining she had to go visit family for some reason and said she missed our, 'lunch time chats.' My shift was ending at 8 PM and she invited me for a drink after I was off duty, and I accepted.

I had been dating an older man for about 6 months but that was winding down as he was starting to get too demanding. We had met at a dance and started dating. At first he was very generous keeping me in cigarettes, nylons and lingerie as well as taking me out to nicer pubs and restaurants for lunch or dinner. I in return would take good care of his sexual needs spending nights with him as he had his own Flat. He enjoyed some kinky play too that I was happy to indulge in with him, but that's a story for another time. As I said by the time I met Catherine he was getting too demanding, feeling he had bought me, a big mistake for him.

Saturdays after my shift ended, whether it was at 6 or 8 PM, I would go to meet him at a pub, then we would go dancing followed by my spending the night with him.

The pubs closed about 10 PM in those days so when she invited me to join her for a drink it didn't bother me that I would 'stand him up.' We enjoyed a few drinks that she insisted on paying for, and when we went to leave she told me she had a car and offered to drive me home. I was quick to accept and she drove me home where before I got out of her car, she asked me if I'd like to go with a drive with her the next day, to which I agreed.

Once I went inside I couldn't put her out of my mind, trying to figure her out. She was obviously rich or at least well off as not too many ordinary people could afford a car in the U.K. in those days. Why me? We got along just fine, I admit the first attraction was her generous tips after a meal, but now this felt different for some reason. She was more than twice my age, perhaps she was just lonely just having arrived from Africa I don't know. Now here was what I thought by now was a wealthy woman making friends with me.

Now I was invited to go for a drive with her, I had been quick to accept and I think it showed, or again that might have been my imagination. Now here I was, heart pounding, butterflies in my stomach I don't remember exactly, perhaps it was some kind of instinct I don't know, just I was looking forward to seeing her again. 

She picked me up around noon, I remember being impressed with her car and I got in and off we went. It was a lovely summer that year and that Sunday was no exception, warm and sunny as she took me into the hills where we stopped and had a lunch at a country pub, then took a leisurely scenic route back into the city. When she went to drop me off at my Tenement building, she reached over and gave my hand a squeeze smiling at me and said something like, " thank you you've made my day" or words to that effect. Her eyes seemed to be alive and her touch was electric, my heart pounded I'm sure as I hurried away after a quick, "thank you, I enjoyed it very much too" or something like that and hurried into the building.

I got to my room and looked out the window in time to see her car disappearing down the road and I had a funny feeling I would be seeing her for a long time to come. She was in my thoughts constantly by this time, and my masturbation's were beautiful, strong and powerful as she was all I could think of. The following week one day after her lunch we chatted as usual, and she asked me if I'd like to go to the pictures with her. I had no reason not to, so I said sure and she asked me what would be a good time. I suggested the following Saturday evening as I was off work at 6 PM that day. 

It was arranged that she would pick me up around 8 PM and we would go to the 'second house', that would give me time to go home and freshen up for our 'date'.

I thought about our relationship, there was something not right about it. She was attractive, albeit a little over weight but never talked about a husband or boyfriends, and why this attachment to me? I thought about when we were together, she had never said or indicated anything to make me think this was nothing more than just a friendship, yet my instincts were telling me this wasn't right. Without realizing it my instincts were telling me she was queer, yet I didn't find the thought to be distasteful. In the more than two years here I felt I'd had more pricks in me than a pin cushion.

I wondered what it would be like trying to have sex with another female, nah can't happen to me, women just don't have the right equipment to please me, still the thought did cross my mind. She was just a lonely old female hungry for friendship with a pretty girl like me. If my relationship with Robert wasn't falling apart this most likely would never have happened. I guess I was lonely too for decent companionship. Like I said, she was always so polite and courteous, it was nice that one of the upper classes was treating me like a lady, she made me feel good about myself.

Now I was to go on a date that would transform me for the rest of my life!

It is difficult to try to recall how I felt about Catherine, sometimes I would feel ashamed of my feelings, after all she was more than twice my age, yet I guess I looked forward to seeing her for some reason. I had began to enjoy her company and our times together as well as liking her for her generous tips when I waited on her, and now we had this date for the pictures and I was beginning to believe she was queer.

I just had to let the cards fall where they may, thank goodness my shift ended at 4 PM that day so I could hurry home to freshen up and change as Catherine was to pick me up to go to the 'second house' at the theater. She'd been nice and friendly and perhaps she was just lonely and wanted a friend. I felt the anger mounting inside me thinking about it and finally said to myself something like, "fuck it" only one way to find out.

After a quick bath I put on a nice black ensemble with black nylons, a navy blouse and pleated skirt. (I favored pleated skirts for the freedom they gave me for shagging and often felt very sexy in them). Brushed my hair and did my make-up then got my coat and waited by the window looking out for her car, then when she arrived I went down stairs to meet her. She looked old fashioned in a print frock, black linen stockings and wearing a pair of her laced up 'granny boots', that seemed to be right out of a Victorian catalogue.

Still it seemed to suit her being a bit old fashioned with her dress she was wearing, and smelled nice with a lovely perfume. We made small talk on the way to the theater and once there had a bit of a wait for the first house to empty. Fortunately it was not too crowded, and we sat close to the back as there was lots of room with nobody immediately beside us.

We took our coats off and placed them over our knees and settled down to watch the picture, and in the dim flickering light from the projector that seemed to be over our heads I could see her eyes shining as she often looked at me. She placed a hand under our coats and moved it over to take hold of mine and give it a friendly squeeze. I squeezed hers in return and we sat there holding hands, and after a while felt her press her knee against mine. 

I glanced at her pressing my knee against hers in return and saw her smile as a result, quietly slowly she moved her shoulder close to mine, and brought her other hand over and laid it on my forearm, and started gently to rub it up and down. Out of the corner of my eyes I verified there was no one sitting close enough to see what was going on, and actually enjoyed her holding my hand.

With time she uncurled her fingers from mine and placed her hand palm down on my thigh and start to caress it. It was just small curling motions with her fingers at first, then progressed to caressing the inside of my thigh through my skirt. I wasn't sure what to do and just let her continue as I was enjoying it, then she got bolder running her finger tips up and down my thigh. Still conscious of what she was doing, periodically I'd glance around to see if anyone was paying any particular attention to us, but they just seemed to be engrossed in the picture.

I admit it made me excited and was happy when I felt her slip her hand under my skirt to not only continue, but to fondle my pussy through my knickers. I pushed my knees as far apart as I could to enjoyed her rubbing me through my knickers. I'd like to tell you I had an orgasm but I didn't, still I loved her feeling me like that. 

I felt I should return the touching and placed my hand on her thigh too, I felt a bump under her dress where her stocking top was turned over her garter, and she placed her hand over mine to pull it up closer to her crotch. I didn't really resist although I'd never done anything like this before with a woman, I'd often played with a mans cock in a theater as he'd give me a feel under coats over our laps before, but never with another female.

We didn't wait for the picture to end as at one point when we made eye contact I gave a very slight movement with my head to indicate did she want to go, at which just as subtly she gave a slight nod and released my hand and we gathered up our coats and left the theater. We held hands on the way to her car, I didn't care who would see us, not that there was anybody out that mattered, and she unlocked the passenger door first to let me in, then moved round and got in the car herself.

It was starting to get dark and in the dim light she sat there for a minute looking at me, I could see her face smiling at me and nothing was said. It just seemed natural as she leaned towards me and kissed me on my mouth, lightly at first, then with more force as her kisses got more ardent. We stopped kissing and with our cheeks together still holding each other tight she whispered "I love you and want you".

I gave her a little tighter squeeze to indicate my acceptance and a further deep kiss and hardly able to speak I whispered, "your house". My body was ready, I was almost creaming in my knickers right there, with all the men I'd been with I'd never felt like this, it was as if deep inside me I knew this is what I needed, so in a way it was a relief when we broke apart and she started the engine and we got going.

We got to her house where once inside she hung up our coats and invited me to take a seat. The house was cool and she stoked up the fire then went into the bedroom and lit a gas fire to warm up the room, then put the kettle on for tea before joining me on the sofa. Now I'm not going to tell you I remember what she said to me that night or over the weekend, so what I'm telling you now is what I think she might have said to me. When she joined me she got on her knees on the sofa and clasped my hand and kissed it smiling looking into my eyes told me again how she had fallen in love with me, and said she was aching to please me any way she could.

I just sat there enjoying her closeness, the slight whiff of perfume and the warmth and softness of her hands was intoxicating to me that night. We kissed again, and when she started to undo the buttons of my blouse I just let her, so she removed it followed by my bra. I admit to being a little nervous as I let her undress me, she took a moment to run her hands over my upper body as she kissed me.

It was amazing, her touch was so titillating the way she just used her fingertips to lightly caress my skin, hardly using any pressure at all. Down and around my tits, not touching my nipples yet circling them ever so close, it was so different from anything I'd experienced with a man. Moaning from the pleasure she was inducing in me, she at last touched my nipples, they were rock hard as she just raked her fingertips over them before taking them in her fingers to squeeze them gently. 

Reaching up to hold her by her head I brought her face down in a silent invitation to suck my tits, she teased them with her tongue at first, then nipped them with her teeth before settling down to suckle them. My climax hit with such a force I cried out and held her tight for a moment as the waves of pleasure surged through my body. Just playing with my tits like that was enough to give me the most fantastic orgasm, something I'd never experienced in my life before.

We were disturbed by the kettle boiling away and she got off me to go see to it and all I said was, "turn it off" and she did just that then led me to her bedroom. There she unzipped my skirt and removed it placing it on a chair, then giving me a smile as if seeking permission, got down on her knees and pulled my knickers dawn and I placed a hand on her head to balance myself, lifting one foot at a timer to let her remove them. She undid my garters and took off my stockings and I undid the garter belt and placed it on a chair as she sat back on her heels to look up at me.

She sat there smiling up at me, It was an awkward moment, the silence broken only by the hissing of the gas fire till I held out my hand and helped her to her feet. I was extremely excited by this time, silly I know but was unsure about how to proceed, a man would have been all over me by this time but she was patient knowing we had all night to make love.

I sat on the bed and watched her undress, removing her dress followed by her chemise and bra, it caught my breath for a moment as she was quite well endowed, then removed her drawers before struggling out of her girdle she stood before me in just her stockings and ankle boots. She hesitated a moment seeming nervous as she took a step towards me and I automatically swung my legs up onto the bed in a silent invitation to join me.

By now my body was on fire, watching her undress exposing her ample body to me for the first time fascinated me. Climbing up beside me I grabbed her hair forcing myself on her as I kissed her deeply, tonguing her mouth and sucking her tongue in return. I was rougher with her than she had been with me yet she didn't complain, I gripped her tits sucking and biting them hearing her cries of pleasure egging me on to rape her. I put a hand down between her legs to feel her pussy, she opened her legs wide to let me explore it she was so wet my fingers slipped into it easy.

Unable to hold back any longer I climbed on top of her and pressed my pussy up against hers, clit to clit and started to fuck her like a man would. Our first orgasms didn't take long to explode over us, I gripped her by her hair hard and kept humping her, really banging her and felt her place her heels on the bed to raise her arse to meet my thrusts. Orgasm after orgasm poured out of both of us, her cries driving me to new heights I'd never experienced with any man.
