 The memory of the leeches clinging to our bodies was fresh in our minds as Addie rowed in search of a new spot to tie the boat.

Addie looked radiant in the bright sunlight and I closed my eyes thinking of her soft lips on mine.

"Was last night a dream?" I wondered silently because it had a dreamlike quality. 

Farther upstream near the old dam was a tranquil pool under a broad canopy of leaves. When I looked down into the russet color water, every so often, I saw the silhouette of a fish swim by. 

Addie's rich voice was quieter but more impassioned. 

"I love thee, as I love the calm
      Of sweet, star-lighted hours!
 I love thee, as I love the balm
      Of early jes'mine flow'rs.
 I love thee, as I love the last
       Rich smile of fading day.
 Which lingereth, like the look we cast,
       On rapture pass'd away.
 I love thee as I love the tone
       Of some soft-breathing flute
 Whose soul is wak'd for me alone,
        When all beside is mute."     

The words bore into my heart and I gazed at Addie with longing.

"How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.
 I love thee to the depth and breadth and height
My soul can reach, when feeling out of sight
For the ends of Being and ideal Grace." 

With our desire for swimming severely curtailed, we spent longs hours in the rowboat. Addie recited the poetry in both volumes several times and I never tired of hearing her articulate the classic words of love.

After lunch, our afternoons were a happy conglomeration of chatter, bawdy stories, gossip and serious discussions about college/nursing school and being away from home for the first time.  

In the evenings, we impatiently waited for Aunt Violet to retire then dashed upstairs and fell into bed, naked and wanting. Addie had a passionate soul and kissed me until the wee hours after midnight.

One evening, Addie was lying on her back and I was up on one elbow admiring her body, running my fingers over her silky skin.  

"Umm," she moaned appreciatively as I traced lines over her sumptuous curves and lovingly tweaked her distended buds. 

A curious desire to explore Addie's sex had my digits stroking the insides of her thighs, moving ever closer until they parted the silky hair. Her breathing was quicker, more urgent.

As my fingers toyed with Addie's slick cleft, I sucked a bulbous pink nipple with pure delight until she squirmed and squealed from the pleasure.

No sooner had I finished, than Addie pounced on me and zealously nursed on my sensitive tips. Her fingers gracefully slid along my oily sex until that wonderful overpowering sensation seized my body. 

Nightly, I lay in Addie's loving embrace as she pressed her breasts into my back. With an arm over my side, she played with my bosom until a blaze ignited between my thighs. 

All too soon our mythic journey of discovery came to an end and Aunt Violet was driving us to the train station in Collegeville. She gave the two volume set of poetry books to Addie as a gift and me, two jars of her crabapple jelly.

I was thrilled with my present; it was the best damn jelly I ever ate and it lasted about one week on the breakfast table at my house.

The platform was deserted and as we waited for the afternoon express, I looked up at Addie's beautiful face and mouthed the words,

"I love you."  

The expression of tender passion in Addie's eyes was all I needed to see. 

At home, it was difficult adjusting to the nights without Addie and I sorely missed her amorous embraces and tender kisses. 

There were moments when I had doubts about her feelings for me but I soon found out there was little cause for alarm   

On a sweltering August afternoon, I was in Barnes Drugstore with Addie, thoroughly enjoying a refreshing ice cream soda at the fountain. The place was jammed with customers and not one seat was available. 

"Well, if it isn't the two prettiest girls from high school," a voice behind me declared.

Addie and I turned and saw Donald Cramer dressed in tennis whites, smiling broadly. After an exchange of hellos, I excused myself and went to the cosmetics counter. 

Donald and Addie dated a few times during senior year and I didn't want to appear like the third wheel in their conversation. As I watched them out of the corner of my eye, feelings of jealousy welled up inside me.

Addie was a vision of loveliness with her bobbed hair and Hollywood starlet looks. They chatted for a while and Donald left looking none too happy.

As I eyed the latest compacts from Paris, I sensed Addie's presence next to me. Without looking at her, I commented on Donald's almost sad face when they parted.

"Oh, he wants to take me to the Crown Theater on Saturday night but I told him I had a prior commitment," she stated in a matter of fact way.

My heart did somersaults.  

"She turned him down!" I silently rejoiced.

Donald Cramer was on every girls list in high school as the boy they most wanted to date. Heck, he was on my list too.  

Saturday night, I was at the Crown Theater with Addie and afterwards, I stayed overnight at her house. Since her mother and father weren't hard of hearing, we had to keep our vocalization to a minimum during our passion filled hugs, kisses and gropes.      

The rest of August was a blur as I prepared to venture from home for the first time. A list provided by the college of necessities and required items had my mother in a tizzy.

Money was a constant worry and challenge for my parents. My mother had to borrow some from my gainfully employed sister Pauline and never tired of telling me how grateful I should be.

In September, Addie was off to nursing school and my father drove me to the teacher's college. We wrote to each other almost daily. 

Adjusting to college life was difficult for me but I enjoyed my classes and professors. I was never as disciplined as Addie when it came to studying but I found it was a necessary evil on nights and weekends because of the fast pace.  

By the end of the month, I was lonely for Addie and my letters reflected my mood. In our correspondence, we discussed the need to see each other and agreed to meet every other Saturday at the nursing school. 

I was up and out of my room and on the trolley by nine am.      
The ride took about forty five minutes and dropped me right at the front entrance. 

Addie's smiling face greeted me and we hugged politely. We walked to her small room and when she closed her door, I fell into her arms and kissed her.   

"My darling, I'm so happy to see you," she cried with emotion.

I couldn't answer because I was bawling tears of elation. We embraced and kissed passionately for awhile but I had brought my books and Addie insisted that I study or she was going to kick me out. The last part she said with humor. 

With Addie at her desk and me on the bed we diligently applied ourselves until lunch. She gave me a short tour of the campus and we ate in the dining hall. 

Around four we knocked off for the day. At Addie's request I brought a few overnight essentials and she explained that visiting hours ended at ten pm but that was mainly for any men in the dorm. 

Addie had checked with the dorm mother who was perfectly ok with female friends spending a night on the weekend. I was delirious with joy. 

After a quick bite , we caught a movie in the school auditorium. When we returned to her room, I stripped and jumped naked into her bed, giggling like school girl.

Addie lay on top of me, kissing me with fevered passion. She extended her arms and I fondled her beautiful breasts until the nipples swelled and hardened. My lips encircled a protruding bud and I sucked contentedly. 

Addie kept quiet but her face was alive with an ecstatic look and she thumped her sex on my leg furiously until she quivered and quaked.   

In the quietness of the room, I got up enough nerve to ask Addie something.

"If a girl sometimes uses her mouth on a boy, do you think a girl could use her…on…" I stuttered nervously. 

Addie was looking at me with a serious expression of curiosity. 

"I don't know but I'd like to find out," she murmured quietly.

 Addie was moving down my body and her face was over my sex before I had a chance to protest.

"I wanted to be first," I whined in a soft voice.

But, Addie was already pushing my legs apart and I could feel her breath on my damp flesh. Her lips gently grazed the sensitive lips and my griping promptly stopped. 

Addie continually ran her lips over my throbbing sex, nibbling the moist skin until I felt her tongue lazily lick up the middle of my slippery cleft. 

I almost cried out but stopped myself by biting my finger because it felt so incredibly good. 

As Addie's licks intensified, so did the rush of feelings inside my sex. That familiar and wondrous sensation grew until it burst throughout my body with intensity. Gasps and moans inadvertently escaped my mouth and I prayed no one heard me.  

Bathed in sweat and trembling, I clung to Addie until I calmed down. When she kissed me, the odor from my cleft on her mouth intrigued me. Instead of being repulsed, I found it very appealing.

Eager to do the same for Addie, I impatiently pushed her on her back. She opened her creamy white thighs and I mouthed her downy covered mound wantonly. 

My lips grazed Addie's wet inviting labia with delight. Gradually, I worked my tongue deeper into her slippery crease and some wetness seeped into my mouth. The flavor excited me and I licked her opening and swollen pearl more   intently.

Addie groaned and pressed her oozing flesh against my lips. Her rhythmic hip flexes kept pace with my fluttering tongue as more and more of her moisture entered my mouth. 

Addie's movements intensified and I feverishly licked until her body went rigid then flailed wildly. Years later I learned that orgasm was the proper term.


For two years, we saw each other on alternate Saturdays and Sundays. During holidays and summer breaks, we were almost always in each others company with an occasional overnight stay at Addie's house for intimacy. 

When Addie graduated from nursing school, she was offered employment at Saint Agnes Hospital only a block away. With her father's help, she found a small efficiency apartment. 

At Addie's graduation ceremony, she looked wonderful in her starched white uniform and cap. I had a knack for buying her the appropriate gift befitting the occasion and scraped enough money together for a Ladies Waltham wrist watch. 

Along with her new job, Addie volunteered at the hospital clinic. She genuinely cared about helping people and worked three nights a week. 

I still had another two years left at the teachers college but I quickly became a weekend fixture at her new apartment. 

One week, my English Literature assignment was to read "A Tale of Two Cities" and write a report relating the themes in the book to the times that we lived in. 

It was my least favorite college subject probably because Professor Brant was as dry and bland as some of the course material. 

By Saturday night I finished the book and was moved by the amazing story of love and sacrifice. I discussed the book with Addie who seemed to have a lot more insight into the central message than I. 

"The first line is a reflection of the times we live in," Addie said wisely and read it aloud.

"It was the best of times and the worst of times…"

After Addie graduated in 1939, Germany invaded Poland and less than a quarter century after the conclusion of the War to end all Wars, Europe was embroiled in another conflict. With the icy poverty of the Depression years just starting to thaw, it was easy to understand how it was the worst of times.   

Yet, it was a great time to be alive. In spite of the cultural taboos that we faced, Addie and I were young and in love with our whole lives in front of us. My childhood dream to be a teacher would become a reality and I couldn't have been any happier.

Thanks to Addie, my paper scored the highest in the class. 

When I graduated in May of 1941, I was overjoyed and tearfully accepted my diploma.   

 I wrote to the principal at Woodrow Wilson Grammar School inquiring if there were any staff openings. He replied that the second grade was expanding and a position was available. The next week I interviewed and was hired on the spot.

 Words cannot fully describe the cherished years of bliss that I shared with Addie. I don't believe we had one argument or disagreement and were completely in tune with one another. 

But, sometimes world events have a way of intruding into peoples lives. Alone in their fight against the Axis, the early years of the War were devastating for the British. Nightly bombings turned many parts of London and other major cities into fiery rubble.  

Edward R. Morrow described the dreadful attacks in graphic detail on his radio broadcasts from London during the Blitz.  

But, our heroic brethren across the sea fought valiantly and to paraphrase Winston Churchill,

"…it was their finest hour…"

We listened to pleas for aid to the British Isles from the President Roosevelt, his wife and many politicians. The beleaguered Brits were in desperate need of everything including medical supplies, doctors and nurses. 

The International Red Cross was sponsoring a drive for volunteers in our town the following month and Addie expressed her desire to sign up and go to England.   
  
"Addie, please don't go," I begged forlornly.

It was the type of situation in life that arises and a person knows intuitively that nothing good will result from it. 

"They need our help. I'm a trained nurse. How can I refuse them?" she stated with a logic that was hard to refute. 

"But, it's so dangerous. You could be killed in one of the bombings," I pleaded.  

 Even the journey to England by ship was fraught with danger from German U Boats.     

"Doesn't my love mean anything to you," I cried despairingly.

"It means everything to me," she said tenderly and held me in her arms. 

In a way, I knew it was useless arguing. The charitable side of her personality exerted a powerful influence over her. 

"I'll go with you, I'll volunteer," I stated with desperation.

Addie pulled back a little and regarded me with an adoring look on her smiling face.

"You love me that much?" she asked with affection.

With tears streaming down my cheeks, I looked at her and nodded my head. Addie pulled me close and held me snug against her.

"I would do anything to be with you," I bawled.

"My darling, you worked so hard to be a teacher. You can't give that up now," she stated.

Addie was right. It made little sense to sign up when I had no medical training.

"America needs you here, teaching the next generation of young minds," she said soothingly, rubbing my arms and back. 

How could I argue? Addie had a maturity level that easily surpassed mine; coupled with a high minded sense of duty to her country, I had little room for argument. Asking her to stay behind for my sake seemed incredibly selfish at the time.


Addie was committed to helping the unfortunate souls in Britain and volunteered with the Red Cross. Her decision put a strain on our relationship and often I was moody and withdrawn. 

A month later the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor and America was in the war. Many Americans heeded the call to arms and enlisted in the Armed Services. 

December of 1941 was hectic time for me at school and my second grade class was in high spirits about the holiday. They were simply too young to understand the magnitude of the world events that weighed so heavily on adults. For that, I was glad because I loved seeing the joy and anticipation in their bright eyes. 

As the new teacher on the block, I was "volunteered" to organize and coordinate the annual Christmas pageant and concert. It took mind numbing amounts of preparation and except for a couple of Saturdays', my time with Addie was limited. 

Every year since fourth grade, I visited the Wilburne's on Christmas Day. With one of my mother's homemade fruit cakes tucked under one arm and a gift for Addie in the other, I rang the doorbell with my nose.  

 Sadly, my last visit to the Wiburne's palatial home was Christmas Day of 1941 and it was a muted almost somber holiday that year.    

Parker and my brother Philip had enlisted in the Army on December 8th and were already at boot camp. The day after New Years, Addie would report to the Red Cross headquarters for war time training and it just added to the solemn mood. 

In spite of the fact that it was Christmas, I was feeling hurt angry and rejected by Addie's decision to go to England. 

"Obviously I don't matter very much to her," I stupidly thought to myself. 

It was just like me to wallow in self pity and forget about Addie's unquestioning love and devotion in my life. 

When Mr. and Mrs. Wilburne left to view the live nativity scene at the church before the blackout at six pm, Addie and I sat quietly in the parlor and exchanged presents

The uncomfortable silence was broken by Addie.     

 "Would you like some eggnog?" she asked very kindly.

I was going to say no but thought why not, might as well get drunk and have some fun. Mr. Wilburne's reputation for making the exceptional holiday beverage was the stuff of legends. 

"Yes, I would," I said very coldly.

I drank two glasses in row very quickly and asked for another.

"Madelyn, don't you think you've had enough? I don't want you to get sick," she said with concern. 

All my negative feelings roared up from inside me.

"All of a sudden you care about me? That's a laugh. Did you care about me when you volunteered? I don't think so!" I bellowed indignantly.

Addie was clearly hurt and tears filled her eyes.

"That's not fair Madelyn, I do care about you, very much," She said with rare acrimony in her voice and turned her back to me. 

My anger vanished and was replaced with utter remorse. I went to Addie and put my hands on her shoulders but she shrugged them off. My heart sank to my knees.

"Addie, please forgive me," I begged and started weeping. 

Addie slowly turned and looked at me with an expression of unconditional forgiveness.

"It's just…the thought of you…and… what will I do without you…" I was bawling and not making much sense when she put her arms around me. 

"I'm sorry Addie, I'm so sorry," I wailed in her embrace.

"My darling, I forgive you, ever and always," she said sweetly and held me close.

My nose was running and while Addie searched for a fresh hanky, I sat on the love seat with my head down in shame.

"I love you," I said in a sorrowful voice as I clung to her.

"I know you do my darling," she whispered in my ear with heartfelt tenderness.

With my head on Addie's shoulder, I looked around the room in my field of vision and started chuckling. I was recalling some funny events that occurred in the parlor. 

"Do you remember when Elmer Ross threw up on the carpet during the Valentine's party in sixth grade," I said humorously and pointed to the spot I remembered. 

Addie smiled and laughed in recognition and for the next couple of hours we regaled each other with happy remembrances of the grand times that we shared in her home. 

It amazed me but I always felt welcome there and was treated like one of the family. There were occasions when I spent more time with the Wilburne's than my own kin. 

Addie insisted that I stay for Christmas dinner and the good humor that we created in the parlor, carried over to the dining room.
