 Janet and I have known each other since grade school and are the very best of friends. When my breasts weren't developing at the same rate as the other girls, there was no shortage of mean jokes I had to endure through great anger and embarrassment. It was Janet that got me through that rather brutal time in my life, which helped far more than she could ever know. The greatest advantage to having her defend me was her breasts were the largest of anyone and it lessened the torment greatly.

My breasts never did develop a great deal, which I have grown to accept. I've never been one to look at plastic surgery as a solution for my problems and pity anyone that does look externally to solve their problems. If I am content with my body, then to hell with anyone who thinks otherwise. Barely qualifying for A cup bras has some pretty good advantages, which no woman can deny. I can go out without the discomfort of wearing a bra at all, just as long as I am wearing something dark enough to hide my nipples. They may be only a few shades darker than my pale flesh, but it is more than enough to be noticed.

When I came to terms with me being a lesbian, Janet was the first person I told. I had no fear in telling her about my sexual attraction to other women, since we could always talk about difficult things and had no doubt in my mind that she would ever look upon negatively. The first thing she did was to give me a strong hug and we cried together for a long time. She was even there when I told my parents and got me through the initial phase of anger most parents go through upon finding out their children are homosexuals. The anger passed to acceptance and she stood by my side the entire time, which I greatly needed from my friend. 

She once asked me, it must have been a good five years ago, if I was attracted to her. Her request had nothing to do with being worried I would make a pass at her, but more along the lines of honest curiosity. When I told her there was no attraction at all, I think she was a little hurt. She asked if it was because she is black, but I assured her it had nothing to do with skin color. It had everything to do with her being too damn skinny. I like women on the heavy side and always have, which pacified her greatly. 

From me to be sexually attracted to her would take a great deal more than what she has. About the only thing she has that I like about her body is her ass. There is nothing better than having plenty to grab, which fits her perfectly. Everything else about her is not my idea of a sexy woman. Her tits are medium sized, but definitely too small for my taste. The rest of her body remains with far too little fat. For whatever reason, I like the contrast between my own petite body and a woman with a lot of meat on her bones.

We had planned on moving in together for years and upon graduating high school found an apartment we could afford. Two bedroom apartments are not cheap, but perseverance pays off greatly. We have been living together ever since with little conflict between us. Four years have passed since that moment and our friendship has never struggled. If anything, it has brought us closer together.

There is just one problem between us that has caused the only fights we have had over the years, which comes down to the teams we have always rooted for. We are both big fans of football and we don't exactly root for the same team. The fact is, our teams have one of the most hated rivalries in all of football. It takes a strong friendship to get past something like that and it has not been easy when the season rolls around each year.

The first game between our teams is about to start and she is wearing that disgusting green jersey. Green is definitely not her color to begin with and that particular shade of green is worst of all. Her skin is the color of coal and blue is what looks best on her. Giants blue to be exact, which would look great on her. 

The game is about to start and I have a smug look on my face, which makes absolutely no sense to Janet. If anything, she should be the one looking pleased with herself. It isn't like my team is the defending Super Bowl champions. Hell, they only won three games last season, but that doesn't matter one bit for this season. Last season we did not have Saquon Barkley and that makes all the difference in the world.

She can't take any more of my smug face, she snaps at me, "Don't know why your looking like that, Barb. Another season of disappointment for you and another Super Bowl for me."

I grin and say, "Going to be a damned good year for the Giants. Barkley's a beast."

She scowls and says, "Yet to be seen, Barb. Even if he is, Giants are still the Browns of the NFC."

My grin widens as I say, "Think what you will, Janet, but when this game is finished, Eagles are going to wish they played the Browns. Giants are going to kill them today."

Her scowl vanishes into a smile, then she laughs and say, "The Giants would get their asses handed to them by the Browns. There is no way the Giants are doing jack this year. Gutter bound again. Browns are going to turn it around this year and it will be the Giants being alone in the gutter."

My grin vanishes quickly, as I angrily ask, "If you're so certain, how about a bet?"

Her smile widens greatly with all the certainty of already being the victor, then says, "You're on, Barb. What are we betting?"

I look her dead in the eyes and with all the seriousness I can muster, say, "Completely open, Janet. Eagles win, I'll do whatever you want, whenever you want, for as long as you want. Giants win, you do whatever I want, whenever I want, for as long as I want. Deal?"

There is no denying the satisfaction with the terms in her dark, brown eyes, then says, "Deal. I'm never going to have to clean or cook anything around here ever again."

I smirk and say, "We'll see."

The only reason I would ever leave something like that completely open is my hidden anger, but there is no regret. She has no idea what's in store for her and I am going to enjoy this. Her comment about the Browns are not sitting well with me and find myself wanting to do certain things with her. If our friendship can survive this hated rivalry, then surely it can survive her eating my pussy.

There is 10 seconds left in the game, no timeouts left and Eagles are up by four. Janet is laughing and pointing at me. I don't know why when Barkley is back to receive the ball. He has been a beast throughout the game and he came damned close a couple of times to taking it to the house. The kick is up and heads towards the back of the end zone. 

Barkley catches it a good nine yards behind the line and starts to haul ass. We are both shouting at the screen, but for very different things to happen. He is hit by the first wave of defenders and almost goes down, but somehow stays on his feet. He finds an opening and takes off like a man possessed. The secondary misses altogether and the only one that has any chance of stopping him is the kicker and that never goes well particularly well. A good stiff arm to the chest sends him flying back onto his ass and Barkley is in for the win.

Janet hold her head in her hands and says, "Can't believe it. What the hell just happened?"

I know she wasn't actually asking me, but I can't help myself, as I say with a massive grin, "The Eagles met Barkley and lost. Told you the guy's a beast. Now about that bet."

She starts to shake her head into her hands and says, "Can't believe it. I just can't believe it. How the hell did this happen?"

I rub her back softly and smile, then ask, "Did I tell you Barkley's beast? I seem to recall something along those lines. Now getting back to the bet, Janet."

Her hands drop, but her head remains down, as she says, "Fine. I know, Barb. You won and I lost."

I continue to rub her back softly and ask, "And what did I win?"

She looks at me with her very dark, brown eyes and says, "Anything you want, whenever you want, for as long as you want. Can't I sit here in my misery for a little bit before you have me start cleaning the apartment?"

My hazel eyes glow with anticipation as I ask, "Who said anything about cleaning?"

She looks a little lost as she says, "Don't tell me you want me to cook something for you. We've been munching on shit the entire game and I know you aren't hungry."

I shake my head a little and say, "Now look, Janet, I have no intention of having you clean the apartment any more than you already do. I have no interest in having you cooking all of my meals. I'm fine with the way things are now."

She raises her head in disbelief and asks, "If you don't want me to cook and clean for you, what the hell do you want?"

With a wide grin I say, "To start, I want both of us to take our clothes off right now."

Her face looks slightly ashen as she asks, "What the hell for?"

Withe no hint of anything other than being very serious, I say, "Because I want us both to be naked when you eat my pussy."

Her face lightens several shades as she asks, "You want me to what?"

My voice and face remain serious, as I say, "Eat my pussy, Janet."

She leans back in the couch and waves her hands at me, then says, "You know I'm not into that, Barb."

I smile and say, "I know, but I won and that's what I want right now. Remember, Janet, as the loser you have to do whatever I want for as long as I want. Maybe next time you won't compare my Giants to the Browns."

She shakes her head some more and says, "I can't believe you really want me to do this. Don't you have a girlfriend to do that for you?"

I shake my head and say, "Between girlfriends right now."

Her voice is shaky as he asks, "Do you have any idea how wrong this is? I'm your best friend. Why would you want to risk our friendship over something like this?"

I smile and say, "If it can survive you being an Eagles fan, than it can survive anything. Besides, you might like it."

She has a sullen look on her face as she says, "Highly doubt that, Barb. What would happen if I won and told you to suck some guys dick. Then said you might like it."

I say, "A bet's a bet, Janet. I'd suck a guy's dick. Wouldn't matter if I like it or not. Neither of us ever back down from a bet."

Her voice is devoid of any hope when she says, "I can't believe you're being serious."

My smile fades as I say, "I am being very serious. And if it makes you feel any better, I am going to eat your pussy later."

She says, "You don't have to do that."

I grin and say, "I know I don't, but I want to. Whatever I want, whenever I want, for as long as I want. You agreed to the terms, just like I did. Besides, it isn't like we haven't been naked in front of each other a million times. There's a reason we keep the blinds closed tightly."

She shakes her head and says, "That's because you've never said anything about me eating your pussy or you eating mine. Besides, I've seen the women you bring home. I know I'm not your type."

I continue to grin, as I say, "Maybe not, but still going to be fun."

Her voice is filled with defeat as she says, "For you maybe, but not my idea of a good time."

I say, "Doesn't matter, because I won. Maybe, Janet, you don't think I'm being serious about this. Fine, I'll start."

I get off the couch and she nervously watches me remove my clothing in great haste. Perhaps, if she did seem into it just a little, I would take my time and give her a show. Then again, my pussy is just aching to feel her tongue, so probably not. I sit on the couch and spread my legs wide to prove I am being very serious about what I want her to do. 

She gets a disgusted look on her face and says, "Fine, damn you. I'll do it. But don't expect me to like any of this, because that isn't going to happen."

I smile and say, "Look, Janet, I understand completely. It isn't your thing, but it is mine. Now get your clothes off and get on your knees between my legs. My pussy won't eat itself and I'm not that flexible to get my own tongue down there."

In a voice filled with contempt, she says, "Fine. You win. Let's just get this over with."

I ask, "You do realize I'm going to have you eat my pussy more than once, right?"

She nods and says, "I know, Barb. Don't need to remind me. You can be such a fucking bitch at times."

I smirk and say, "I know. Now off with your clothes."

She gives me a look of absolute disgust as she rises and starts to remove her clothing. Her eyes are locked onto my face and has no interest in looking down between my spread legs. There is nothing quick about her removal of clothing, but there is nothing seductive in her actions either. She clearly wants to prolong the moment of placing her tongue on my pussy for as long as possible. That's alright, though, since I can wait and enjoy watching her squirm a little. 

Her shirt and bra is off and my eyes move to the only part of he body that is somewhat close to what I like. Her waist might be too skinny for me, but her tits are at least bearable to look at. Sure, they are at least one cup size to small, but I will take what I can get. Her black nipples can just barely be seen against her coal black skin, but there is something strangely wonderful about them that I have never noticed before. My eyes follow hungrily as they start to sway a little, which is caused by her bending over and removing her pants and panties. 

She stands and I don't bother looking down, since I have already seen her tightly trimmed bush many times. We both do that, but for very different reasons. She got tired of having pubic hair pulled out whenever a guy would reach down the front of her pants to feel her pussy and I got tired of seeing my hair block my view. I like seeing a woman's face while getting eaten out and don't want anything other than my flesh to get in the way. It may not have been much in the way of blockage, but just enough to be annoying.

Janet moves into position and does not bother trying to find some way out of this. She knows there is nothing she can say or do to get me to bring this to an end before contact with her tongue is made. I look at her face between my legs and find her eyes staring angrily into mine. It isn't her anger that I like, but there is something quite enjoyable about her dark flesh close to my pale skin. Sure, I have been with a few black women, but none of them came close to having her dark skin. There is something very sexy about seeing the contrast between us and I no longer mind that her body is not ideal.

I grin as I see her close her eyes and her tongue leaves her mouth, since I know I am very close to getting the satisfaction I long for. She slowly moves her tongue towards me and I am very tempted to place my hands on the back of her head to speed up the process. However, I refrain from taking any aggressive action, since I want her first time eating my pussy to be of her own free will. 

Her tongue makes contact and a little shiver of pleasure moves up my spine. There is no hiding the look of disgust on her face. For a while, there is no movement and I am about to take control over the situation, but then she slowly starts to move her tongue up and down. I guess she was trying to sum up the will to do this, or it might be just getting used to the idea of having her tongue there. I really don't care about the reason, since I am finally able to enjoy myself. 

I let out a soft moan of pleasure as I watch her work and continue to love the contrast of colors between us. The pleasure is far too short lived as she is very clumsy with her tongue and I have never been quite this disappointed before. There is apparently no thought as to where her tongue makes contact with my pussy. I should be enjoying this for no other reason than the celebration of victory, but I just can't bring myself to do anything like that. Even when her tongue finds my clit, there is no moment of pleasure. 

My voice does not hide my disappointment, as I say, "Your not trying very hard."

She pulls her tongue into her mouth and opens her eyes, then angrily says, "I don't know what the hell you want from me. You wanted me to eat your pussy. I'm doing it."

I say, "I do want you to eat my pussy. I don't know what you're doing down there, because it sure as hell isn't eating pussy."

She snaps at me, "Sorry, Barb, but not something I have any interest in doing. If I were having you suck a dick, I wouldn't expect you to do better."

I understand her point, so I say, "I know this isn't something you enjoy and it does take time to get good. How about we go into my bedroom and do something else?"

Her voice has just a hint of hope, as she asks, "Are you really asking me that?"

I shake my head and say, "Not really. Get up and lets go. We're going to sixty-nine with you on top. I can't wait to look up at your ass, while eating your pussy."

There is no hiding the disappointment on her face as she says, "This day just keep getting better."

I smile and say, "For me it does."

She gets up and I let her lead the way so I can stare at her wonderfully large ass. With each step she takes, her cheeks bounce and I get a little more excited. I am tempted to reach out and grab them, but I refrain from taking any action that could cause the pace to slow. There is plenty of time for that and a great deal more. In fact, I have all the time in the world to enjoy her ass and tits. 

We reach the bedroom and I walk past her so I can lay on my bed with my arms over my head and my legs spread wide to give her head and tongue easy access. The red blanket beneath me was chosen for no other reason than maximum comfort for doing any number of things with the women I have had on this bed. It was an added bonus that it looks really good in my room and adds greatly to the ambiance.

She takes her time getting into position, since she wants to delay the inevitable for as long as possible. She has no way of knowing that I am enjoying her movements a great deal. Her feet are placed perfectly and her ass comes into view. She lowers herself to her knees and the pink of her pussy starts to make itself visible to me. I should see her asshole clearly by this time, but her flesh is too dark to make it visible just yet. She is finally close enough and I see the camouflaged ridges surrounding the tight opening. 

Unable to wait any longer for her pussy moving slowly towards my mouth, I bring my head up and my tongue makes contact with her pussy. I have eaten a lot of pussy in my day and know each one has its own unique taste, provided you have a good pallette, which I do. I have always enjoyed it and this time is no exception. In fact, I can honestly say this is the best by far and I start to move my tongue to slowly seek out everything. 

There is no sound that escapes her lips and I know she is fighting off the pleasure. Her tongue reaches my pussy and is once again moving very clumsily. This time I don't mind one bit, since I am enjoying eating her out a great deal. Her tongue finally starts to move in a more methodical manner, which sends chills through my body. 

My hands reach up to explore her cheeks and she jerks a little at my touch, but her tongue remains in contact with my pussy. The contrast of colors between my hands and her ass is something I don't think I will ever grow weary of. Once my hands have explored everything her cheeks have to offer, they move to the crack of her ass. My fingers slowly work their way down until they are at the edge of her asshole.

I let out a soft moan as her tongue finds a much better rhythm and I bring her hard clit into my mouth. As I use my lips and tongue to purposely send signals of pleasure she cannot ignore, I am rewarded with hearing her moan for the first time. With one of my fingers, I start to softly explore the black ridges of her asshole. The work I am doing on her clit is rewarded by more moans and I know I can bring her to an orgasmic state.
