 "Now where was I?" Cassie asked. "Oh yeah. So your mom had just said I looked good enough to fuck, which, I've got to tell you, sent a little jitter through me. I mean my pussy's practically dripping I'm so excited. I can already smell myself, and I'm wondering how long before she catches on. I know I've got to make my move soon, but I'm so incredibly nervous, like more nervous than I've ever felt in my life. The butterflies are fluttering in my stomach and I'm not sure I can go through with it. I mean what if it doesn't work? What if I try something and she just doesn't go for it at all? How would I ever be able to be around her again? She would think I'm some kind of freak or something."

"You are," I interrupted, and she laughed.

"Well yeah, I know that and you know that, but it doesn't mean I want everyone to think that," she replied, "So anyway... I just thought of you laughing when we made the bet, saying I couldn't seduce a woman, and I just decided to go for it. You know, what the hell! Let's see who's laughing last."

She paused for a moment, looking at me with a smirk on her face, and then continued. "So I was like 'Well, good, I guess this outfit's a keeper, I'm going to try a couple more. Cindy why don't you try on some other stuff too, I want to see what else you got there, especially that lacy teddy, try that one on. I'll bet that looks great on you.'

"She must have been over her nervousness finally, because she just nodded and said 'alright.' I took that for a good sign, and asked her, 'Do you mind if I just change in here then, you know, so we don't have to walk back and forth to show each other?' She didn't even hesitate, just said 'sure', and was already starting to take off her bra.

"I don't know how I didn't gasp when it dropped and her breasts sprang free. Oh my god, they're incredible! I mean, I had a pretty good idea, but wow was I impressed. Really! I knew they looked good in clothes, but I figured, you know, that they might be kind of saggy; but no, hardly any sag at all. And she's got twenty years on me. I hope these hold up that well," she said, cupping her full C's and pushing them against my face. "And her nipples," she continued, "God, they're gorgeous. Mouthwatering! You must have been one happy baby sucking on those every day."

I actually even had the grace to blush at that one. But still, her talking about my mother's tits had my cock straining against my pants, and crazy pictures forming in my head. Thoughts of maybe both of us nursing from those wonderful breasts, while my mom cooed encouragement.

"Anyway," Cassie kept going, bringing my mind back to the present, "after forcibly tearing my eyes away from her undressing, I started to also. I took my bra off – like so," she said, unsnapping it, and letting her now bare breasts surround my face, "Then, I started with my garters. I took the first three snaps off quickly, then I glanced at you mom and saw she was busy pulling on a new pair of skimpy panties I had picked out. She was turned sideways to me so I couldn't really see anything, but even so the thought of her naked pussy that close to me was almost overwhelming. My pussy felt like a swimming pool was forming down there, and I knew I had to go through with it.

"I grabbed the last garter's snap and twisted it around hard, jamming it together. Then after a couple more seconds pretending to open it I swore out loud. Your mom, of course, looked over at me and asked what was wrong. I told her that the garter was stuck and that I couldn't get it off. I pretended to struggle with it a little bit more, and then heaved a big fake sigh. 'Cindy, do you think you can take a look at it and see what it's stuck on?' I asked her all innocently, lifting my leg up onto the bench in their.

"'I suppose,' she answered, and I've got to tell you, my heart started hammering in my chest. This was it. There was no going back now. The moment she got down near my crotch, there was absolutely no way she could miss how excited I was. The only thing that remained was what her reaction would be.

"I held my breath as she leaned forward, her hands going around my thigh, her face nearing my oh-so-wet pussy. 'Okay, let's see what we got here...' she started to say but then suddenly she froze. 

"And I knew she knew. There was no mistaking my condition. The crotch-less panties perfectly framed my wet, puffy sex. I waited for her to jump back, but she didn't – she remained frozen in place. I was conscious of her hands on my thigh, the smoothness of them, and I thought how nice they would feel all over the rest of my body. But even more so, I wanted to feel her tongue!

"It had literally been a couple seconds now, and I figured that by now she'd realized that this was intentional. But since she hadn't immediately pulled back, I decided it was time to get a little bit bolder.

"'You know that's because of you Cindy' I whispered, 'It's not the clothes, it's you, that makes my pussy that wet.'

"A sound came out of her throat then, but I couldn't tell you if it was a grunt, or a moan, or a cough. Either way, I had the distinct feeling that she was about to pull back, so I dropped my hand to the back of her head and held her there. 'It's okay Cin,' I told her, 'I know what you want to do. It's what I want you to do. Really. I want you to eat me Cindy. I want you to get down on your knees and eat my sweet, young pussy.' And with that, I started slowly guiding her head forward, pushing her down to her knees.

"She didn't pull back, but she didn't dive right in either, so I kept whispering to her. 'Can you smell me Cin? Can you smell my excitement? That's for you baby, all for you. You make me so hot and so wet.' 

"Her face was right up to my pussy now. I could feel her breath on me, and it was driving me crazy. I couldn't believe I was actually doing this. It was so unbelievable.

"I looked down at her, but she was staring straight ahead at my pussy. I could tell there was an inner battle taking place inside her. Whether to do the right thing, and pull back and forget this crazy nonsense that was about to happen with her son's girlfriend; or, to do what she really craved to do, which was to lick this wonderful, wet snatch that was right before her. To bury herself in the degradation and exquisite pleasure offered to her.

"I decided to help her out. I pushed my crotch forward and ran my slick cuntlips across her nose and lips. 'Go ahead baby, taste me,' I told her, 'I know you want to, I saw it in your eyes. Don't worry baby, it'll be our secret. I promise. No one else ever has to know. Just you and me.'

"I don't know if it was my words or if her willpower just finally gave out, but suddenly her tongue was on me - licking me, slurping at my flowing juices. I had to bite my lip, so as not to cry out loud. I locked both hands in her hair and pulled her face tighter to me.

"Once started, she lost herself in my cunt. Her mouth was everywhere; licking, sucking, probing deep inside me. I stared down at her as she serviced me, still amazed that this was actually happening. She was such a beautiful sight – on hands and knees, her mouth glued to my pussy, her shapely ass waving in the air. Her right hand had found its way back between her own thighs, and I was sure she was rubbing her pussy. The only stitch of clothing she had on was an extremely tiny white thong that bisected her crack; I wondered how wet the front of it now was, and figured that that was another piece of clothing we were buying for sure."

She stopped and looked down at me with a smile. "And guess what happened to that particular piece of clothing?" she asked, but I already knew - it was the pair she had rubbed against my face. "Yup," she said without me answering, "Here they are." With that, she raised them to my face again and centered the soiled crotch directly over my nose. "Can you smell her?" 

I nodded. Indeed there was a strong smell of female cum on them, and not only that, I could still feel some dampness as well. I inhaled deeply as she rubbed them across my nose, and then, without warning, she plunged them into my mouth. "There you go. How about that? Can you taste her too?" I nodded again, mostly because I couldn't answer. "Good! I want you to suck her cum from them while I finish my story. Then I'll let you suck the cum straight from my pussy afterward."

Satisfied I was doing as she told me, she continued, "'So all these thoughts are whirling through my head, but mostly just that it's your mom, your mother, that's eating me out. The depravity of it all heightened everything. Within moments I was coming - coming like never before. Orgasm after orgasm rocked through me as I sprayed into your mom's mouth. I felt like I was going to drown her I came so hard, but she swallowed it like a champ and kept right on licking, her slutty tongue begging for more."

Oh god, I couldn't take anymore. The vision that her story was conjuring up was just too much. The thought of my mom drinking down Cassie's cum right there in a dressing room stall. The fact that I now had her used panties in my mouth, plus my girlfriend's tits bouncing around my face while she writhed around in my lap, was too much. I could feel my cum building and knew it wouldn't be long before I exploded. I told Cassie so

"Oh, my poor baby," she cooed, "All right, we're almost done." She undid my pants and pulled my cock free. I was already fully erect, and I slid up into her with ease. Evidently I wasn't the only one enjoying the story.

"Yeah," Cassie continued, "She kept right on sucking until finally, I had to push her away; my pussy was so sensitive, I couldn't take anymore. I collapsed onto the bench, light-headed and dizzy, then proceeded to watch as she finished herself off. Her hand was down the front of her panties, and I could clearly hear the sloshing as she drove her fingers in and out of her sloppy cunt. It was pretty loud, but her whimpers were even louder when she came.

"Sure enough, a moment later, there was a knock at the stall door and the salesgirl's voice asking if everything was alright. 'Everything's great,' I called back to her, trying not to laugh, and thinking at the same time what a sight she would get if she happened to look under the stall door – your mom laying on the stall floor wearing nothing but a pair of sopping wet panties and my cum on her face."

That was it. I exploded like a dam bursting, that last image clear in my mind, as I pumped my massive load of cum up into Cassie's tight pussy. She squealed in return, and clenched her inner muscles in sync with my spurting cock, milking me dry of every last drop until we collapsed limply together.

Finally, my breathing slowed down and my mind returned to focus. I pulled the white, lacy panties from my mouth and asked Cassie, "So then what?"

"Then what what?" she replied.

"Then what happened with the salesgirl?"

"Oh, nothing really. She just replied to call if I needed anything and then quickly walked away. When she was gone, I pulled you mom to her feet and told her I thought it was time to get going. She just nodded, still dazed, so I helped her out of her panties and started her dressing in her own clothes, then slipped back to the next stall and got dressed myself. At the last second, I decided to leave my old panties behind and tossed them on the bench; they were soaked through anyway, and I thought they might make a nice gift for the salesgirl.

"I gathered your mom, we paid for our things, and we left. Though I gotta say, we got some pretty weird looks from the cashier chick. I don't think she ever had a pair of panties full of cum when she put them in the bag before," Cassie finished with a giggle.

"So that's it?"

"Wellll... that's it for the mall. What happened when we got back here is another story."

I looked up in surprise. "Another story?"

She laughed, "Yeah, why don't you rest up for an hour or two, and then I'll tell you all about it."

End of Part II