 Emily really hadn't expected anything unusual to happen the weekend before she left for college with Tabitha. There were no plans, but if there had been they would have been fairly self-explanatory. Sex, drugs, parties, etc. The usual last summer home before all hell broke loose and she'd actually have to start paying attention to professors and lectures and all of that fun stuff.

Ever since Tabitha had moved in with Becky Emily had spent most of her free time there hanging out, getting high and learning to love the taste and feel of Tabitha's body. She didn't need to learn too much. It just seemed to come naturally. 

She used to wonder why it seemed so normal, but she'd finally given up worrying about it after awhile. If it felt good and she liked doing it why should she let it bother her? 

She still worried about her parents finding out, but not because she was scared of what her parents might think anymore. Now she was more worried about what they might do. Her uncle was on the board of trustees at the university she and Tabitha would be attending and her father was head of the alumni committee. Neither were what Emily would've called socially liberated. In fact, her entire family had a certain conservative edge. Their collective views on homosexuality weren't exactly modern. 

Emily knew they wouldn't do anything to her. She was part of the family. At most they'd encourage her to go to counseling and try to convince her that it was all just a phase. It was Tabitha that she worried about. At the very least they'd split them up. At worst they'd find a way to make Tabitha's scholarship vanish into thin air.

It hurt to think her own family members capable of such cruelty, but she knew them well enough to know that it was at least possible. Her father was a loving family man who treated his wife and children like they were made of gold. Others didn't get that same respect. She still remembered when her father's best friend and business partner was caught embezzling from the company accounts. By the time her father's lawyers were done with him he was broke and broken. They'd known each other since they were kids.

Still it was hard not to tell her family even though she knew they wouldn't approve. It was almost like she was lying to them by not telling them that she was bisexual and quite possibly gay. She rarely kept secrets from them. They even knew about her drug use. The only advice they'd given to her was to get it out of her system soon, because that kind of stuff wouldn't cut it in the real world. 

Of course, that was her mother. She'd never actually told her father even though she knew he knew. He just pretended not to and she let him.

But none of that was the problem now. Her parents were safely ignorant and in a few days she and Tabitha would be home free and sharing a dorm room trying their absolute best to keep their hands off of each other long enough to study, get to class and, once soccer season started, for Tabitha to get to practice and games. It would be a challenge, but Emily was sure she could handle it once it all became routine.

The problem now was that on the eve of this life changing event Tabitha was at work pulling a double instead of being at home where she should've been getting fucked up and making out with her girlfriend. Even worse, she'd be doing the same thing tomorrow and inbetween the only thing she'd be doing was sleeping. No sex, no fun, no anything. 

The kicker was that it was all by choice. She didn't have to be working on her last weekend of freedom. She wanted to.

When Tabitha had told her about it Emily had flipped. Tabitha had good reasons, but Emily wasn't in the mood to hear them. It was their first big fight since their relationship began and like most first big fights it was irrational, loud and happened out of nowhere. 

"Damn it, Emily," Tabitha had yelled near the end of the argument, "I need the money, okay? I don't want to miss the party, but unlike you I don't have an Uncle who's helping me get a job in town when we get to school. I'm…"

"What do you mean by that?" Emily interrupted angrily, "Am I some kind of spoiled rich brat just because my uncle is helping me get a fucking job?"

"That's not what I'm saying," Tabitha was flustered, "I'm saying that unlike you I have to find a job and until I do I won't be making any money. I can't transfer to the store there because they have everyone they need. I'll need to find a whole new job. How many times do I have to say that? I don't want to miss the party, but I can't afford not to, okay?"

"Why couldn't you have just done this earlier?" Emily came back only mildly appeased by Tabitha's logic, "We've been planning this for a week and you just decided like last night that you were going to do this. Becky took the weekend off just so she…"

"I don't care, okay?" it was Tabitha's turn to interrupt. It was getting late and they'd gone back and forth like that for an hour. "Fuck Becky! Fuck everyone! I need the fucking money! I know I should've thought of this earlier and I'm fucking sorry, but I didn't and now I need to do it. I want to party, too. I just can't."

"How can you even say that?" Becky countered angrily, "Fuck Becky? She's your friend."

"That's not what I meant, okay?" Tabitha came back in a frustrated voice, "I really don't want to do this, but I have to. I know we had plans and I'm sorry, but I have to do this. I'm sorry, Emily, but I can't help it."

"I still don't know why you didn't do this earlier if you knew you needed the money," Emily continued even though she was beginning to weaken. The silliness of it all was beginning to get to her.

"Because I didn't know I needed to," Tabitha replied sitting down on the bed next to Emily placing a hand on her knee, "I was going to borrow it off of my mom, but…"

Suddenly Emily understood. After that last night at Tabitha's house there was no way Tabitha was going to be able borrow money off of her mother. They hadn't even spoken since she'd caught them together in Tabitha's bed and kicked Tabitha out.

That pretty much ended the argument right then and there. Emily still wasn't happy, but she couldn't complain anymore. They talked some more and Emily apologized for overreacting. They ended up making love slowly until they both fell asleep reasonably satisfied with the result of their first real fight.

When Emily awoke the next morning Tabitha had already left for work and Becky was already up and about smoking pot in the living room while drawing dark pictures in her sketchpad. Emily didn't even have to round the corner to the living room to know that. It's what Becky did every morning when she didn't have to work. Besides she could hear the bong bubbling over the soft music and smell the skunky odor in the air.

"Morning, sleepyhead," Becky said with a smile as Emily entered the living room and sat down on the other end of the couch that Becky currently occupied. "How was the fight last night?"

"Ugh," Emily responded as she wiped the sleep from her eyes and frowned, "You heard that?"

"Yeah, " Becky chuckled as she began to pack a bowl breaking the weed up on her sketchpad as she sat cross-legged on the couch, "It's kind of hard not to in this junky old house. So Tabby can't make it to the party, huh?"

"No," Emily answered sedately still struggling to wake up, "She has to work."

"That sucks," Becky responded still hard at work, "you still going to that party tonight?"

"I don't know. I need to have some fun even if she doesn't, but a party full of horny guys and bitchy girls? I don't know." Emily responded drearily.

"Well, you can always hang out here. I'm not doing anything, but getting drunk and high. Sara might come over with some of her friends, but that's about it."

"You aren't going to the party?"

"Fuck no!" Becky blurted out loudly, "No offense, but I've had my fill of high school kids for the month."

"Hey," Emily sneered back mildly offended, "I'm not a high school kid anymore, missy."

"Oh, shut up. That's not what I meant. Anyway, I'd rather get drunk in the comfort of my own home then beside a bonfire getting eaten alive by mosquitoes," Emily chuckled at that last remark. She hadn't thought about it like that. "So, You want to hang out here or what?"

"Sure, as long as you get me nice and stoned," Emily smiled mischievously while Becky finished her task.

"No problem," Becky smiled handing the packed bong to Emily with a lighter.

"Thank you," Emily said as she took the bong. Emily would definitely miss this when she got to school. Not that she was planning on not smoking weed on occasion, but she knew she wouldn't be able to do it anywhere near as much. She'd also miss hanging with Becky.

She'd known Becky for a long time, but she'd never really realized how much she liked hanging with her until Tabitha moved into her house. Before that Becky had been mainly a party friend. They'd hang out and get stoned, go to house parties and occasionally clubs once she'd turned eighteen, but she'd never really hung out with her just for the hell of it.

They had a lot in common. They both liked drawing weird, dark things, listening to depressingly beautiful music, watching movies that no one else they knew seemed aware of and talking about things no one else seemed to care about. She was actually getting something of a crush on Becky. Becky made no secret of the fact that the feeling was mutual.

Of course, Emily had no intention of doing anything about it. She took her relationship with Tabitha seriously and she had no desire to jeopardize that by exploring her feelings for Becky. Still, a little flirting never hurt anyone. Neither did a little friendly back rub.

Tabitha knew all about it and apparently thought it was funny. She knew Becky a little better than Emily did and knew exactly what type of girl she was. They'd even discussed the idea of maybe having a threesome with her, but Emily had nixed that idea. She'd said it was because she was worried that Tabitha and Becky might hit it off and she'd be the odd woman out. It was a lie, but Tabitha seemed to accept it at face value even though she did give Emily a funny look when she said it.

None of this was new, though. Becky had made it clear a long time ago that if Emily was ever interested in exploring her sexuality that she'd be more than willing to lend her a helping hand. Back when Emily was just a freshman in high school she used to blush whenever she said it. As she got older she'd just giggle nervously. Now she just smiled and flirted back. 

"So," Becky asked after they'd chatted for a bit and smoked a couple bowls worth of weed, "When's Tabby getting out of work tonight anyway?" 

"I don't even know," Emily responded dreamily, "Late, like after three, maybe four."

"Christ! When's she go in tomorrow?" Becky was already packing another bowl as she spoke.

"Noon," Emily replied in weary voice. Becky cursed under her breath before speaking.

"Jesus, I hope you guys fucked last night," Becky smiled wickedly.

"Don't even say it," Emily groaned as she threw her head back against the sofa and covered her eyes. Becky laughed wickedly for no good reason.

"Well, did you?" Becky persisted teasingly.

"Well, yeah," Emily responded with a hint of sarcasm, "We do it every night."

"I hope it was good." Becky said as she lit the bong and took a big hit before concluding her statement while holding in her breath, "'Cause I doubt you'll being doing it tonight."

"Don't remind me," Emily responded weakly taking the bong that was being offered to her. She started to take a hit while the bowl was still smoking on its own.

"Hey," Becky said after she allowed the smoke to escape from her lungs, "If you need a helping hand, I'm here for you." As she said it she reached over and patted Emily on the knee. Emily started to laugh and then began to choke on the smoke still in her lungs. Becky, being the good pot smoker that she was, took the bong out of Emily's hands before she could get any water on the weed.

"God," Emily said between coughs, "You're so bad."

"I know," Becky chuckled before taking a hit.

"I think I'll get by with my fingers tonight, but thanks for the offer," Emily said once she'd recovered patting Becky on the knee in return. Her hand lingered there a little too long, but she caught herself before Becky noticed. At least she thought she did.

"Your loss," Becky replied smiling wickedly again. She really did enjoy teasing Emily. Of course, it wasn't really teasing if she meant what she said and she did. She meant it every time she said it, but she was realistic. Becky knew Emily didn't want to cheat on Tabitha. It was all just for fun until Emily either told her to stop or gave in. Either one or the other. It didn't really matter.

They both continued to chat and flirt until the desire for a shower became too much for Emily. She excused herself and wandered off slowly to the bathroom her head in a fog. Becky smiled to herself watching Emily walk away. What she wouldn't give for a chance to make her scream out her name with passion. Tabitha didn't know how lucky she was.

After her shower Emily decided on a whim to go see Tabitha at work. It was something she did often even before their relationship evolved from a close friendship to the intimate one they shared now. She'd already quit her job a week ago and by the time she got out of the shower Becky had fallen asleep on the couch for her usual late afternoon nap. Emily knew nothing exciting would be happening around the house until later that evening anyway.

She changed into what she liked to call her hippy outfit of a peasant skirt and a simple tank top before grabbing her keys off the countertop and then headed out the door. After making a short detour to get some food she made her way across town to the print shop.

As usual Tabitha was happy to see her when she walked through the doors carrying lunch. The print shop was almost entirely empty aside from a couple of kids in the computer room making up fliers for some rap concert or something. Tabitha was working by herself and obviously bored out of her mind.

"Oh, thank god you're here," Tabitha said in quiet voice so only Emily could hear then kissed her quickly before anyone else could see. Emily chuckled and handed Tabitha her lunch receiving another quick kiss for her thoughtfulness.

"Bored?" Emily asked already knowing the answer. Her voice was just as quiet as Tabitha's.

"What do you think?" Tabitha responded with light sarcasm, "It's been like this all day. Those guys have been my only customers for over an hour."

"Poor thing," Emily said with real sympathy. Her hand found Tabitha's on the counter top and stroked her lover's soft skin tenderly. "When do you get off?"

"Not until four," Tabitha frowned, "I had this split shift crap, but I have to help train my replacement when he comes in an hour and then I'm working with the night chick for awhile. At least she's cute…"

"Hey," Emily responded in a hurt voice, "What about me?"

"Oh, please," Tabitha chuckled, "You know I'm just playing. Besides you're much cuter."

"Thank you," Emily said with a cherubic smile on her face, "My ego is thoroughly placated. Anyway, I've seen her. She is cute. I'd have a hard time working with her if I were you. I bet she tastes like strawberries."

"You're such a slut," Tabitha laughed back, "What would your girlfriend think?"

"Screw her. She's working," Emily grinned mischievously as she spoke and Tabitha laughed lightly trying to keep the dudes in the computer room from overhearing them teasing each other, "When's your break?"

"Not until the new guy comes in and not after I make sure it's slowed enough to risk leaving him by himself."

"That sucks," Their conversation was halted by emergence of the two hip-hop kids from the computer room. Emily felt their eyes roam over her body as they walked towards the door. A few weeks ago she would've smiled weakly and return their stare, but now she just pretended not to notice and waited for them to leave. It was amazing even to her how much she'd changed in such a short amount of time.

Once the customers had left the girls talked more freely for a while. Emily tried her best to convince Tabitha to lock the doors and go in the back room for a little quickie. The temptation was great, but Tabitha's sense of responsibility won the day before they were once again forced to quiet their conversation thanks to another customer.

"So what are you doing tonight, anyway? Are you going to the party?" Tabitha asked once the new customer had busied himself at the color copier in the far corner.

"No, I'm just going to hang out with Becky. Sara's coming over and we're all going to drunk and just listen to music," Emily said casually.

"Watch yourself, girly," Tabitha teased, "You know Becky. I better not find out you've…"

"Shut up," Emily responded a bit too loudly before she remembered they weren't alone. Tabitha chuckled as Emily made sure the guy at the copier wasn't paying any undue attention to their conversation before continuing. "You weirdo. You know I'm not interested in Becky."

"Please," Tabitha snorted and rolled her eyes at that, "You're interested, but don't worry. I trust you." As she said those words Tabitha stared deep into Emily's eyes letting her know she was serious. Again their hands met on the countertop and they grabbed at each other lovingly.

"Thanks," Emily whispered so lowly Tabitha didn't really hear her. Tabitha thought she was touched by the fact that she trusted her so much. That was true, but the emotions Emily were suddenly feeling had more to do with the fact that she wasn't so sure she could trust herself. She almost said so, but before she could even consider it the new guy walked through the door five minutes early.

Tabitha said hi to the new guy and introduced him to Emily before telling Emily thanks for lunch. Emily got the hint. It was cool hanging out when Tabitha was alone, but not when she was working with someone. You never could tell when a fellow employee would suddenly get uppity and try to get someone fired. Tabitha may have only had one more long day after this to work, but she wanted to make sure she worked it. 

Tabitha did follow her out to the car to say goodbye, though. The new guy looked a little worried at first, but Tabitha assured him she'd only be gone for a second. He still looked a little worried, but Tabitha ignored it. 

Once they were around the corner Tabitha pulled Emily to her for a deep, passionate kiss. Emily felt Tabitha's arms go around her back and allowed herself to fall back against the car door. Her hands found their way to Tabitha's face holding her lover to her for a little while longer until Tabitha finally broke the kiss and smiled.

"I love you," Tabitha whispered softly and Emily eagerly returned the sentiment. "I'm sorry I can't be with you tonight. I'll make it up to you on Sunday. I promise."

"I'm looking forward to it," They kissed again before Tabitha went back inside and Emily opened her door and got in her car. As she started it up she noticed the two skater boys from inside the print shop sitting on the curb twenty feet away with goofy smiles on their faces. Shaking her head she put her car in reverse and drove off. 

For the life of her Emily couldn't understand why the thought of being without Tabitha's touch for a couple of days was such a big deal to her. It wasn't just the sex and even if it were it wasn't like she was some kind of nymphomaniac who couldn't go without or she'd go mad. She'd never been this attached to anyone. It was disturbing to her how much she loved Tabitha.

Add on the fact that she was even tempted to be unfaithful and it just didn't make any sense. Her own emotions were a confusing mess. She was in love, but the urge to explore her newly uncovered desire for other women with someone besides Tabitha was so overwhelming.
