 We are sitting completely naked on the couch and Janet is trying to watch TV. I don't want to do anything to make it easy for her, since I have other things in mind. Her coal-black tits are getting a lot of attention from my pale hands and mouth. One of her dark nipples is in my mouth and I am sucking very hard, in order to create the perfect look. My tongue is playing with what is in my mouth and my hands are squeezing into her dark flesh playfully.

She is getting more and more perturbed by the moment, which is exactly where I want her to be. There is something buried deeply within her and I want to bring it out to play. I know I can simply tell her what I want, but that won't wake whatever is slumbering deep within her. Besides, I like to have a little fun in the process of awakening her darkness. I bring my teeth down onto her nipple and start to nibble. It isn't enough pressure for her to feel anything other than a little discomfort, but her reaction is perfect.

She snaps angrily and says, "Barb, I know I don't have much of a say in this, but lay off my fucking nipple."

I release her nipple from my mouth and stare at the dark flesh, which is very hard and beautiful. My hands move to her other tit with some force and I force her nipple inside my mouth with great suction. She lets out a groan of discomfort and I know she is close to saying exactly what I want her to say. This time I don't bother with using my tongue, but bring my teeth down immediately onto her nipple. It is a little more pressure this time and my fingers squeeze into her flesh. 

She snaps at me again in anger, as she says, "If you think I'm going to let you tear my nipple off, forget it. I know you're having fun, Barb, but I'm not. If you want to continue trying to bite my fucking nipples off, Barb, forget it. Bet or no bet, you can kiss my fucking ass."

I hear the words I have been waiting for, but don't hear the true anger I am after. I know she wants to stop all of this from happening, but there is a beautiful darkness I want to explore. My hands release her tit and my fingers squeeze her nipple very hard. She yells out with far more anger than I have heard to this point and I know I am close.

I finally release her nipple from my mouth, then say, "Kissing your ass sounds like a good idea."

She glares at me with very real anger in her brown eyes, and says, "You conniving bitch."

I smile and say, "Just making things a little more fun, Janet."

The anger in her eyes starts to fade far too quickly and she says, "Maybe for you. My nipples are going to hurt like hell for a while. You know, Barb, if you want to kiss my ass, it isn't like I can stop you."

I grin and say, "I know, but I just couldn't resist those nipples. Now get on my bed and into your favorite position."

There is no need for me to clarify anything, since we both know she loves fucking doggie style far more than anything else. She gets up and I don't know if she is more upset with what I did to her nipples or not being able to finish her show. Not that it matters one bit, since I am on the verge of doing something I have wanted to for a very long time. There is also the added excitement of waking her darkness for my pleasure.

She starts to walk towards my bedroom and my hands reach for her ass, which irks her to no end. I just love the feel of massive cheeks on my hands and I squeeze playfully with each step we take. There is nothing quite like the feel of a jiggling ass in my hands and my grin gets considerably wider. I wonder if I should take a little time kissing her cheeks, but quickly through the thought aside. Ever since I saw my first asshole close up, I have wanted to explore it with my tongue. I never had the courage to bring it up with any girlfriend and now I have no need to ask anything. 

My hands release her cheeks upon reaching the edge of my bed and my eyes stare at those wonderfully large cheeks. She moves slowly, which I suppose is meant to upset me a little. Not that it is working, since I am enjoying the anticipation of what I am about to do to her. She is about to find out the only secret I have kept from her and am curious to find out what her reaction will be. Perhaps if she had ever shown the least bit interest in my tales of lesbian exploits, it might have been different. Then again, having that kind of secret can have its own reward.

She is very close to being in the perfect position for what I want, but her legs are far too close together for what I really want, so I say, "You need to spread your legs a little more, Janet."

She is clearly irked as she asks, "Why? My ass is plenty exposed for you to kiss it."

I try to hide my excitement as I say, "I can barely see any pink this way. You know how much I like to see the pink of your pussy."

In a voice on the verge of anger, she spits out, "Fine, Barb!"

She readjusts herself in order to spread her legs wider, then slowly lowers her tits to the red blanket beneath her. I can see her pink pussy standing out quite clearly against her black flesh and take just a moment to soak in the wonderful view. More importantly than seeing the opening of her pink hole, I can see the ridges encircling her tight asshole. 

I get into position so I can enjoy myself in comfort and place my nose very close to he forbidden treasure. I inhale and find the odor of pussy and ass to be rather intoxicating, so I inhale several more times. Janet remains quite still as she feels my breath on her flesh and I stare intently at her beckoning dark star. She has no idea what is in store for her and I like it that way, since I am hoping my actions lead to something really special.

My tongue makes contact with one of her many ridges and she pulls away before I can get any kind of satisfaction, then she angrily asks, "What the hell are you doing back there? Cause it sure as hell isn't kissing my ass."

I say, "I decided to change it a little. Instead of kissing your ass, I'm going to lick your asshole."

In a voice filled with even greater anger, she says, "That's really fucking gross, Barb. What would possess you to want to do anything like that?"

I pretend to laugh to get her anger to increase, then say, "Because, Janet, I want to do it. Now don't pull away again."

She spits out, "I won't, but I think you need serious help. Sane people don't think of doing things like that."

This time my laugh is real as I ask, "Who said I was sane? Now hold still while I have some fun."

I once again press the tip of my tongue to one of her ridges and there is no sign of her pulling away from me. I find the flavor to be on the bitter side, which I find strangely wonderful. Slowly I explore each ridge as I move my tongue in an encirclement of her asshole. I know she just wants this to end, but I have no intention of letting that happen. I am enjoying everything about the exploration and nothing is going to cause me to rush my pleasure. I also know each movement I take gets me closer to having her darkness awaken and I want that more than anything.

I am ready to move to the center of her forbidden hole and find the taste every bit as wonderful as the ridges. My tongue works to explore this wonderful frontier and it is far better than anything I could have imagined. I hear her groan in the displeasure of my actions and choose to ignore her discontent. I want to savor this still mostly unknown pleasure and I know her groan is a good sign.

Once I am satisfied I have explored everything I can with my tongue that I can find on the exterior of this black wonder, I am far from satisfied. I want to hear her do more than groan from my actions and have a great yearning to taste what is hidden inside. I try to force my tongue to do just that and she gives another groan. I press with all of my might, but it is frustratingly tight. Just when I am on the verge of giving into my frustration, I get an idea. I pull my tongue away from her beautiful darkness and stick a finger in my mouth. I muster all the saliva I can and then press my slick digit slightly inside of her. 

She pulls away before I can enjoy the sensation and yells in a voice filled with anger, "I don't know what the hell you're doing back there, but that sure as hell isn't your tongue."

I falsely laugh and say, "You're right, Janet. It's my finger."

She spits out with far more anger than I have seen, "Stop it, Barb! I'm not fucking kidding! I've never had anything inside there and don't plan to start now."

I continue my false laugh and say, "I'm going to stick my finger in your asshole, so just try to relax."

The anger grows stronger as she says, "Relax! You expect me to relax! I've let you do a whole hell of a lot to me, but I have to draw the line somewhere. I'm not letting you put your finger in my asshole. It isn't going to happen."

I laugh harder and say, "Yes, Janet, I want you to relax. I want to taste the inside of your asshole and I'm going to use my finger to do just that. So you can hold still and let me do this, or I'm going to kiss you."

She snaps in anger, "You wouldn't dare."

I mockingly laugh at her as I say, "You know I would. It's your choice, Janet. My finger in your asshole or tongue in your mouth."

Her anger continues to rise and I know I am very close, as she says, "You can be such a fucking bitch. Fine! I won't pull away again. But you know what?"

In the most mocking voice I can muster, I ask, "What?"

She spits out, "I hope you get shigellosis."

I laugh hard as I ask, "What the hell is that?"

She spits, "It's what people get when there is shit on their food. It's fucking nasty and I hope you get a bad case."

I laugh softly and say, "I'll take my chances. Now hold still and let me put my finger inside of your asshole."

I put my finger back in my mouth and notice just the hint of something pleasantly bitter. Once again, I summon all the saliva I can muster and pull my coated finger out of my mouth. I put the tip against her very tight hole and slowly force myself inside. She jerks just a little, but shows no other sign of resistance. Seeing my pale finger slowly enter her black hole is absolutely intoxicating and I take my time working my way to my knuckle. The feeling of her asshole pressing firmly against my finger like a hot vice adds greatly to the pleasure I am receiving as a whole. 

Once my knuckle prohibits further depth, I pull it out slowly and put my finger all the way into my mouth. The taste is far better than anything I was able to get from the exterior, but it does not last long enough for me to fully enjoy. I repeat the process and enjoy the entry every bit as mush as the first time. I do not immediately pull it out, since I want to enjoy the sensation of my finger being pressed with tremendous pressure.

I can't say how many times I repeated the process of moving my finger from her asshole to my mouth, but I did not grow weary of the wonderful bitterness. After the first few times, her groans returned with a passion. The only reason I stopped was from the severe cramping coming from far too many joints throughout my body and I desperately needed to lay down on my back. 

I try to find the perfect tone to anger her even more as I say, "Time to sixty-nine, Janet."

She quickly turns her ass away from my view and says, "About fucking time. My asshole fucking hurts."

I continue with my tone and say, "I'm not quite done with it. I want you on top with your asshole on my tongue."

I can see her eyes flash with darkness and she wants to say something, but unfortunately bites her tongue. She is not very good at refraining from speech and has no idea I don't want her to refrain from anything. I lay comfortably on my back with my hands over my head and she straddles herself over my face. She lowers herself with some unknown purpose to me and her asshole quickly finds my tongue. Her tongue moves to my clit and pleasure courses through my body as my tongue presses against her tight opening. She has gotten good at eating pussy and I only have myself to thank for the many lessons.

I place my pale fingers on her massive cheeks and spread them forcefully until her asshole opens itself just a little. My tongue starts to enter and I find no shortage of the wonderful bitterness I found on my fingers. I feel two of her fingers enter my very wet pussy and moan into her ass. She slowly starts to fuck my pink hole with her fingers and I am close to having an orgasm. 

I feel the emptiness as her finger suddenly leave my pink hole and suddenly find something very uncomfortable pressing against my asshole. With as wet as my pussy is, I know there will be no stopping her from entering. She pulls my clit painfully into her mouth and starts to suck very hard. I smile as I know her darkness is finally free and grunt a little as her fingers force their way deep inside of my own forbidden hole. As she enters, I feel a jolt of pain and my fingers dig hard into her ass, which results in pulling her asshole open even further.

She forces her ass down hard onto my face and my tongue gets a little further inside of her asshole. Her fingers are starting to work deeper inside of me and I enjoy what I am feeling. Despite the pain, I cannot stop myself from feeling a great deal of pleasure course throughout my body. Her lips are locked onto my clit and she is sucking it inside of her with everything she has. I know I am very close to a damned good orgasm.

Lightning courses through my body and my asshole starts to spasm hard against her fingers. It feels like she is trying to rip me in two as she does not stop her actions, but the pain is being masked greatly by torrential storm releasing itself from my very pours. Another lightning strike and my entire body feels pleasure I have never known before. I scream hard into her asshole and her fingers work all the harder to tear into me. One storm after another crashes hard over my body and I feel the pain bringing me added pleasure. 

The storm subsides and my tongue removes itself from her tight hole, then release my grip on her ass. She slowly moves to take away my view, but her fingers continue to work furiously inside my asshole. Her mouth releases my clit and I start to feel greater force pushing itself inside of my me. There is a lot of pain, but I am too exhausted to do anything about it. I lie there and let her have her way with me and find every painful movement to bring some unintended pleasure to my body.

She looks at me with an evil grin, then says, "You like to taste ass so much, Barb. Here."

She roughly removes her fingers from my asshole and forces them into my mouth. I find the taste of my pussy and ass to be almost as pleasurable as hers. My lips close and I start to suck off any remnant I can find. Her dark brown eyes are showing the first sign of enjoyment since losing the bet and the darkness is very clear in her eyes.

She removes her fingers and then gives me a playful slap on the cheek, which leads me to say, "Glad to see you're finally having some fun."

Her evil grin widens and she says, "You haven't seen anything yet."

I laugh with great anticipation and say, "Looking forward to it. I knew you had something inside of you trying to get out. Thought I would help it along a little."

She laughs back and says, "I think I'm going to enjoy this new relationship of ours. Took some time to adjust, but we're going to have a lot of fun with each other."

I give her a seductive smile and say, "I can't begin to tell you just how happy I am to hear you say it."

The darkness crosses her face as she says, "I know. But just remember something?"

My voice is filled with wonder as I ask, "What's that?"

The darkness is clear in her voice as she says, "The genie is out of the bottle and you can't put it back."

I have a wicked grin on my face as I say, "This is going to be one hell of a ride."

She has a serious look that hides the darkness, then says, "Just need a few rules in place."

I smirk and ask, "Like what?"

With absolute certainty in her voice, she says, "Like whenever either of us brings someone home, we act like nothing has changed. The same goes for when we leave the apartment. Neither of us can tell anyone about any of this. But when we're here and it's just the two of us, anything goes."

I smile widely and say, "You won't get any argument from me."

The darkness returns to her face, then says, "I want to kiss you right now, but you need to wash your mouth out first."

I know she is hinting at something, so I ask, "And just what to you have in mind?"

She gives a very evil grin, then says, "My piss."

I never thought of piss in any way other than relief of a full bladder and find myself just a little taken back by he words. Sure, I've seen some porn where piss was involved, but it never turned me on. I have no idea what I would say to any woman that showed any interest in any kind of piss play, but highly likely I would shoot the idea down very quickly. However, this isn't really about doing something like this with some woman. This has everything to do with the no holds barred relationship I am starting with my best friend.

I smile as I ask, "Right here on the bed?"

She shakes her head and I see the darkness overtake her completely, then says, "No, Janet. Let's go to the bathroom and you can lay in the tub. That way you don't have to worry about stripping your bed later."

She does not wait for a response as I watch her walk out of the bedroom. I am no longer overcome with exhaustion and hurriedly get out of bed in a frenzied state of excitement. I catch up to her quickly and my hands grab her black cheeks with great pleasure. I squeeze seductively with each step and she shows no sign of distaste.

We reach the bathroom and she says, "Hurry up, Barb. My bladder is about to burst."

I lay down in the tub and feel the iciness of the surface send unpleasant shocks through my body, then say, "Fuck this is cold."

She looks down at me with an evil grin and says, "Won't be for long."

She squats over me and I am staring up at her tits and pink pussy. I open my mouth in anticipation and see her golden stream release itself from her body. My mouth fills quickly and I find the taste to be extremely salty, but somehow on the pleasant side. I close my mouth and feel her piss on my face and cascade down to the surface of the tub. 

Instead of rinsing my mouth out, I decide to swallow what she has given me and find there to be a dark pleasure in the action. I can feel the warmth make its way down my throat and I open my mouth for more. Once it is full, I again close my mouth and hold it inside to give my tongue a chance to explore. 

My hands move to the strong flow and quickly get soaked in her yellow wonder. Once I am satisfied they are thoroughly coated, I move my hands to my tits and start to rub it in with pleasure. I swallow and enjoy the sensation in my throat, then greedily open my mouth to replenish what was lost. 

The yellow flow turns to drips and my head moves up enough to give my tongue a chance to clean up. My tongue searches desperately for more of her salty wonder and she is giving off soft moans of appreciation. Once the exterior of her pussy is thoroughly cleaned, my tongue enters her pink hole and is rewarded by new host of flavors. Upon finding no more of her salty goodness, I regretfully release my tongue from her wet hole. 

As she starts to pull her pussy away from my view, I smile and say, "That was fun."

She looks down at my soaked face and says, "Certainly looks like you enjoyed it. Now get out of the tub and give me a kiss."

I start to get out of the tub and feel her piss drip from brown hair down my back, then say, "Not so fast, Janet. You aren't the only one that came in here with a full bladder."

She smiles widely upon hearing my words and immediately takes my place on the hard surface. I wasn't kidding when I told her and find it is painfully full. Looking down past my glistening tits, I can see her mouth open wide for my flow. I position myself as best I can and begin the process of emptying my bladder. 
