 The light is soft but not dark, the air is light ... a sweet french vanilla candle has been lit for a subtle accent ...no stereo or tv ...just whatever sounds we will make tonight.

I have dressed as seductively as I know how to and still be able to feel comfortable ...with a slight bit of fear that how I doll up for a man and how I SHOULD doll up for a woman are two different things. She had said something about how her eyes are drawn to large breasted women who show lots of cleavage, so I have chosen the cream colored sweater that is loose enough to hide my extra weight under, but dips low enough to expose my breasts down to the v of my red front hook underwire bra.

I haven't spent this much time on my hair in a couple of years. Tonight is obviously important to me.

We both know that this is PROBABLY a sex date...at least that seems to be the intention for both of us ...with limited time before I turn into a pumpkin and have to have you out of the house. But as this is our first meeting...we just don't know the chemistry yet ..of how the fantasy turns into reality. I have plans and I am sure you do as well...we will see how they mesh.

When you arrive at the door and ring the bell, I could probably answer within seconds, but of course I let my heartbeat settle down before pulling open the door and see you and things began to take an erotic turn when I realize that you have dressed for sex ...and instead of "hey brenda.." or "good to see you" ..you exclaim in a kind of astonishment combined with admiration, "BRENDA!" as you look me over head to toe with a look desire accompanying your smile that makes me feel kinda like a piece of meat ...but ...I don't have a single problem with that. I like it tonight.

"I am soooooo glad to finally meet you Brenda "

"Me too ..you look even better than the pictures you sent," I reply.

"oh I was just about to say that to you......well at least the pictures you sent with ....you know...all your clothes on that is ." ("wasting little time getting to it I think")

You are in my house now ...we find a place for your purse and I show you some favorite things downstairs ...You like my baskets and I confidently say "Oh, I have a few more of those in the bedroom you can see later," which is a definite reference to how I plan on the night ending up there....I am also aware that it sounds as trite as a low budget porn for the moment ...but as casual as this between us is, the pressure is a bit off to impress. It seems the little miss shy one inside me is hiding away and the bold seductive lesbian in me (great sarcasm intended) , as long as it's just the two of us and all cards were on the table from the start of this game, is coming out to play, pleasure, and please.

You decline the elements of hospitality first offered, as in something to eat ..I apologize all over myself for forgetting to pick up wine, but it's ok with you and you allow me to serve you a can of diet coke and a oh so fancy plastic cup of ice ..."aren't you impressed with my fabulous taste," we laugh, and we talk about the long drive you've just had to meet me, the weather, and "I love the way you are dressed tonight" mutual admiriation society members in administrative meeting.

But very soon, the small talk in a lull, and here you've only been inside my house for 5 minutes ...I know I am comfortable and can sense you are too and I see where its probably going so I stop, standing there I look into your eyes...come towards you and gently throw my arms around your shoulders and neck...."I need to tell you a couple of things ok?"

"ok" you reply with a smile as if we have known each other much longer than this first face to face meeting between the IM friends we have become the last month.

"See ....I don't know what is about to happen with us...but ummm...you have my heart ready to jump right out of my chest."

"And that's what your blouse is doing to me," you reply as I feel the blush come over me.

" He's gonna be gone for at least another 4 or 5 hours ...so thats the time we have .....and ummm... whatever happens we need to leave enough time to clean up and (laughing) bury the evidence if there is any ....and .. ...what else... i dont know if you smoke..theres no smoking in here...."

"I don't smoke "

" great...cool ...and ummm...i can tell you are probably as nervous as I am ...but...i have an idea...you dont have to go along if you don't want to ...but ...if we can go get on my bed... doesn't have to be for sex...but .. i can give you a great back massage...you've had a long drive of more than two hours ...and I can take you up there....and ..."

our eyes lock...you are agreeable to the suggestion im about to make that this doesn't have to go so slowly tonight....in fact it's happening seemingly faster than I could imagine....but then again...some of the groundwork was laid in a few of those chats and a particularly steamy phone call that afternoon.

"if i can get you to relax with my hands and wrists... then...ummm..maybe i can make you come more tonight with my mouth (gawd i never said anything that dirty to a woman..wow I could hardly believe that as it came out of my mouth) ....umm...does that sound like a good idea?"

oh to be in control ...not sure how it happened like this.

" (you hesitate...start to say something and catch yourself before whatever it was slipps out ...you laugh) Yes...that does sound good ..but ..Do you mind if i brought something more comfortable to wear? ....oh and ...I brought something for you if you will accept ....)

"Oh gawd no...you shouldnt have"

"Hold on..." and you break our embrace to find your way to your nice Vera Bradley and remove a small box bag with that georgeous pair of earings>

"these are so beautiful...I love it ..thank you so much."

I find out you made them yourself ...and I feel like the next time ..if there is a next time..I will have something for you that will knock your socks off ...but for tonight..well...I have always been so inadaquate at gift giving ..and again.

Another embrace and you agree to this change of scenery after a quick trip to the powder room ...and I am imagining you will come out in a babydoll or something so slinky, but instead you come out with a blue sleepshirt and the word Angel ...but its loose and it is only as long as to your thighs, where I correctly guess there is nothing underneath...you've brushed your hair out and freshened your mascara .... your head tilts towards your left shoulder sheepishly seeking my approval, which my eyes upon you clearly indicate.

What a combination of nervous "this is IT" panic combined with determination and upon the beauty of the sight of you, a hunger all over for to touch you in so many pleasurable ways. What a spark. I come to you ...feeling something inside..and wondering where did this confidence come from, and realize its in the chemistry we clearly have together.

Without a word, with comfort and ease, we embrace and begin to kiss ...the spark is quickly the fire thats been smoldering for so long and by all indications is about to burst into flame. Hard to contain the heat of this passion when I KNOW I am such a slow and gentle lover in my heart ..but being pushed so quickly by the tender taste of your soft sweet lips. Oh the connection we are feeling and this good start is going to lead to more wonderful things than we ever imagined. These emotions are deeper than I imagined they would be. warmer...wetter...definitely wetter....very excited ... starting to wonder how recently the battery was changed in my vibrator, or if that is an issue thats not neccessary to comtemplate tonight. (it turns out not to be)

Your kiss is more tender and sweet than any I have felt or dreamed of. I begin to knead your breasts and roll my fingers down your shoulders, back, sides and arms before returing to your breasts to fondle ever more gentle than before...to feel you weaken against me and we know the bed beckons us to lay. You enter my sweater with your hand and reach in to feel my stiffening nipple ...my head throws back to suck in the air between my teeth and your mouth opens widely and your gentle teeth and warm wet lips land upon the side of my neck, the front of my neck and then to engage my earlobe between your lips while my nails dig a little to let you know you may do that to me all night if you would so desire.

To be held by you. The look in your eyes so sweet. We are pawing at each others garments...I reach down to lift your nightshirt over your head and expose the melon size breasts and pink innocent looking nipples that I cant stop myself from kissing immediately ..so cute. I love your moans when I kiss you that way. But you know what I need and how I need it more. "lay down ok?"

against the pillow you scoot up and are looking at me disrobe ... my boobs bounce a little when they pop out of this particular bra because of its lift, and maybe I am just vane enough to think I can get your juices going if I do it just right while your eyes take me in just as I am admiring the nude and beautiful, but also I know, dripping and desiring lady before me.

Wanting to get to you quickly because I don't want you to be cold there alone. We need each others warmth.



Then, oh to lay against you sucking on your nipples ..fondling your breasts and eventually fingering your oh so wet warm slippery lips

you are mming and ohing me to my ears delight. I love these sounds and you know it.

Then to go down and spread your lips and lick and finger your wetness ..enter your desire and use my lips, my tongue, the tempo, texture and rythym to find the limits of your desire. Your nipples are so hard against my skin and your every breath and touch and reaction to the love I am making makes my mind and body ...and between my legs as well...makes me sizzle. Reacting to each others touch ...sliding warm skin against each other and a mouth on a shoulder, a breast, your mouth and all around again...but hungry for to get my mouth to your vagina to linger this time ..linger for the minutes to turn into dozens of minutes to turn into how long has it been ...to lose track of meaningless time together in the bubble of our togetherness we share.

Im turned around so you can pay attention to me with your palm and fingertips and you realize how I want it ..i like to be teased like that...not rammed and fingered and made to come...just paid attention..kept interested...wet...tingly and on edge while i give you pleasure and feel mine through yours

Wider I spread your legs and passion overtakes us both ...fingers into your soft cheeks ..tell me to stop when you cant take any more and i will ..if i have the strength to go on ....I only slow down and see if you really mean stop or just take a break..and i will find your motor again ...start you one more time and continue the pleasure quest. The ohs, and yeses and gguhs from your lips..beautiful the sounds.

You have me and its so wonderful to feel this togetherness. Trace my opening softly and when I KNOW you WANT to taste me, taste me you will. Goose bumps all over. So close to you. I get close and my muscles flex and you start to rapidly flick and slide your fingertip against my clitoris and im sent. I try to keep licking you while my convulsions continue ...though I have lost some of my technique for the moment, I know its taking you there with me to share my release with you in this way. And how tremendously skilled your fingers are against me, not only engineering my climax, but keeping it going and going with just the right pressure and touch and perfection of understanding.

Gawd you are wonderful

I have just come so hard and as I continue....your explosion eclipses anything I have dreamed of. I feel so good to have created that pleasure with you.

We have begun a night of not just coming hard together, but being close inside each others souls and hearts ... Each new experience seems to top the previous one ..and we are sooooo in this together.

" Looking for love in all the wrong places."

We seem to have found what we both needed in the strangest of all places ...but how can anything that feels so right, be so wrong.

My kindred spirt.