 Nancy was late. It had been a week since Alicia had met her on the beach and made love to her, right there out in the open, and they hadn't seen each other since. They talked on the phone and e-mailed each other daily, though, and tonight Alicia and Nancy were going to see each other for the first time since their first meeting. Alicia glanced at the clock on the kitchen wall, watching the second hand creep along on its endless, circular journey. Seven-thirty had come and gone, and now it was getting close to eight. Darkness had settled in, and Alicia was beginning to worry that Nancy wasn't going to show up, after all. Maybe she was having second thoughts about the whole thing, Alicia thought to herself.

She tried Nancy's cell phone number again and got the same message. "The cellular subscriber you are trying to reach is not available or is out of the service area. Please try your call again later." Fuck! She couldn't even leave her a message. Alicia was starting to get angry as well as worried now. At least she could have called or e-mailed some excuse if she didn't want to meet again, she thought to herself. Just then, her doorbell rang.

Alicia ran to answer it, and there was Nancy standing in the doorway, smiling embarrassedly, looking even better than Alicia had remembered. Her long, dark-brown hair was flowing freely down her back and around her shoulders. She was wearing a black, strapless mini tube-dress and black sling back high heels, a black choker with a delicate cameo, and not much else that Alicia could see. Nancy was stunning as she stood there in the glow of the porch light, and Alicia felt the yearnings of a week ago stirring up inside of her again.

"Oh, my god, Alicia baby I am so sorry I'm late!," Nancy exclaimed as she gave Alicia a big hug. "There was a huge fucking accident on the 405 coming over Sepulveda Pass, and traffic was already fucked up beyond belief, and on top of all that I forgot my fucking cell phone so I couldn't even call you. I hope you didn't worry too much."

Alicia laughed, relieved that Nancy had arrived safely, and said "There's always a huge fucking accident on the Sepulveda Pass, the whole goddam 405 is just a giant accident waiting to happen. Thank God you made it in one piece."

"Next time I'll leave work early and get down her sooner, I promise," Nancy said, frustration in her voice.

"Next time I'll come to your place. I mean, how bad can it be?," Alicia asked facetiously.

"Pretty fucking bad, I can tell you. You can tell how stressed I am by how many times I say 'fuck' in a sentence."

Taking her hand, Alicia led Nancy in to the small, cozy living room, and said, "Well, you're here now, and you're OK, so let's start de-stressing."

"Well, a drink would sure help with that," Nancy said as she headed toward the overstuffed sofa.

"Coming right up, sweetie," Alicia said, giving her a little peck on the cheek.

Nancy, who was fully aware that she was being admired, played to Alicia as she sat down on the couch, crossing her legs provocatively, the hem of her mini-dress riding up to the top of her thighs. She smiled at Alicia seductively as she looked her up and down, taking in Alicia's hot little white satin micro-mini dress, with its plunging neckline and tiny spaghetti straps. Nancy began to feel a tingling between her legs as she anticipated what the night would bring.

Returning to the kitchen, Alicia quickly poured and mixed the refreshments, and soon appeared back in the living room with two large tumblers filled with reddish-pink liquid over ice. She handed one to Nancy, then sat down beside her.

"I made Cape Cods. Cranberry juice and Absolut on the rocks. Hope you like it—it's one of my favorites."

"Love Cape Cods, and Absolut is my favorite vodka," Nancy exclaimed with delight as she took the drink from Alicia. "I can tell we are going to get along just fabulously." She raised her glass to Alicia's, and said, "To new friendships and new adventures."

Alicia raised her glass to meet Nancy's, and said, "I second that."

The two clinked their glasses together, then began to drink their cocktails. Each woman was mesmerized by the other's beauty, and both felt a different kind of thirst developing that could not be easily quenched. As they drank, they made small talk, feeling the building sexual tension between them.

Before long they had both finished their beverages, and as Alicia stood up to take the tumblers back to the kitchen, she asked, "Would you like another one, or would you like to have dinner now?"

Nancy grabbed Alicia's arm, saying softly, "I don't need anything else right now except you." With that, she took the two glasses from Alicia and set them on the end table next to the sofa.

They both looked at each other, as if not quite sure what they should do next. Finally, Alicia broke the awkward silence. "I've been thinking about you, dreaming about you all week, remembering us on the beach," she said, her voice slightly trembling. "Sometimes I wondered if it was real, if you were real, wanting you so much..." she broke off, not knowing what else to say, and sank back down on the couch next to Nancy.

"It was real, all right," Nancy said softly, taking Alicia into her arms. 

"I missed you so badly," Alicia said, her voice catching with emotion. "I've never had feelings like this for a girl before, but I can't get you out of my mind. I'm always thinking about you, about being with you...god, I'm so horny right now I can't stand it."

Nancy said nothing, but she didn't need to. With her arms wrapped around Alicia, she pulled her close, held her tightly, and kissed her on the lips. Her kiss was sweet, wet, with a taste of cranberry juice. Alicia opened her mouth, and felt Nancy's tongue enter. Alicia caressed Nancy's tongue with hers, pressing her body against Nancy's, leaning her back on the couch. Nancy's hands stroked Alicia's shoulders, pulling the tiny spaghetti straps of Alicia's micro-mini dress down to her elbows. Alicia responded by pulling her arms out of the straps entirely, the bodice of her dress slipping down and off her breasts. Alicia pressed her bared tits into Nancy, and kissed her with more force and passion, while her hand slipped down and began to rub and fondle Nancy's juicy pussy.

Nancy let out a sharp gasp as Alicia's fingers pressed into her clit through the black lace of her tiny thong bikini underwear. Alicia felt Nancy's love liquid seeping through the thin lacy material as she forcefully ran her fingers up and down over Nancy's cunt. Nancy slowly rocked her hips and pushed herself into Alicia's hand as Alicia stroked her pussy, Alicia teasing and taunting her with her fingers. 

By now, Nancy's flimsy panties were totally saturated with pussy juice, and were an nuisance to her, so she quickly grabbed them and tore them off, not caring that she had totally ruined them. Alicia stopped kissing her and took Nancy's ruined underwear out of her hand, and rubbed them against her own face, inhaling Alicia's essence, licking the wet, ripped fabric and tasting Nancy's intoxicating elixir before tossing them onto the floor. Alicia could feel her own wetness beginning to slowly ooze out of her femininity, and returned to kissing Nancy with renewed hot, wet passion as she stroked and fingered Nancy's freely secreting womanhood.

They were both becoming uncontrollably turned on now. Nancy slid down to a full reclining position on her back with Alicia on top of her. Alicia yanked down the top of Nancy's strapless mini-dress until her boobs were exposed, her nipples at full attention, hard as pebbles, then rubbed her breasts against Nancy's as they kept kissing with increasing force and emotion. Nancy's legs parted, and Alicia straddled Nancy's thigh, rubbing her own thigh up against Nancy's slippery, wet pussy. Nancy could feel Alicia's crotch moving up and down against her upper leg, and by the feel of it, the wetness of it, she could tell Alicia wasn't wearing panties either. That excited Nancy even more.

Their faces were both flushed with sexual excitement as they lay there humping each other, exchanging lustful, deep kisses while their pelvises rocked in unison, their pussies rubbing and sliding up and down each other's thighs, soaking them with the sweet nectars of their passions. They were both moaning now, expressing their innermost feelings with wordless groans and soft cries as their breathing became faster and more labored, keeping time with the thrusting and grinding of their bodies.

Alicia could feel the relentless friction of Nancy's sexy upper thigh against her clitoris and pussy lips as their bodies rocked together with increasing vigor. Nancy kissed her with more and more uncontainable passion, and Alicia felt her climax rising within her, the pressure building and climbing with each thrust.

Just as Alicia felt the dam was about to burst, Nancy stopped moving and pulled her lips away from Alicia's. 

"Can we go to the bedroom?" Nancy asked, almost begged, breathlessly. Her face was reddened and sweaty from the strength of her arousal, little wisps of her long hair sticking to her cheek and neck, which made her all the more sexy and desirable to Alicia.

Without saying a word, Alicia sat up and took Nancy's hand. She stood, and helped Nancy up off the couch. They helped each other remove their tiny dresses, which were halfway off already, and they briefly embraced and kissed. Alicia was so turned on she was shaking with excitement and anticipation as she led Nancy into the master bedroom. 

Standing next to the queen-size bed, which Alicia had made up with pink satin sheets especially for this occasion, they embraced again, kissing deeply and pressing their bodies tightly together. They collapsed on to the bed, Nancy on top of Alicia now, her hair falling onto Alicia's face. Alicia spread her legs wide, and Nancy kissed her again, wantonly, rubbing her tits against Alicia's, shoving her pussy into Alicia's gyrating, wet twat. Their engorged clits ground against each other's hot, slippery vaginas as Nancy and Alicia thrust together violently, moaning as they were overcome with pure, unquenchable lust. 

Nancy longed to taste Alicia's cunt and the sweet liqueur seeping from it, so she began to work her way down, kissing and licking Alicia's hot, sweaty chest and belly as Alicia's pelvis kept undulating against her. When Nancy got to Alicia's pussy, she dove into it, sucking and licking and running her tongue deep inside. 

"Oh, fuck baby, FUCK me with your TONGUE!", Alicia yelled, spreading her legs wider. She reached down and grabbed Nancy's head with both hands, guiding and urging her to move faster and harder. Nancy sucked and slurped on Alicia as hard as she could, letting Alicia's juices spill over her face. She reached up and slid first one, then two fingers into Alicia's overflowing chalice of womanhood, and worked them in and out as she kept up her tongue lashing and sucking of Alicia's bulging, throbbing clit. 

"AhhhUhhhh! AhhhUhhh! AhhhUhhh!," Alicia cried out shrilly, as Nancy kept up her frenetic oral and digital stimulation. Her head was rolling from side to side, and she began to fondle and knead her breasts with one hand while she kept the other firmly attached to the back of Nancy's head. Her hips were moving hard and fast, shoving her crotch with as much effort as Alicia could muster into Nancy's face.

Suddenly, Alicia felt as if a bomb had gone off inside of her. Her orgasm came with such force that she shrieked out, a long, loud piercing cry that quickly changed into a series of short, sobbing, gasping wails. Her pussy contracted and spasmed hard around Nancy's fingers, and wave after wave of warm, slippery cum slurped out of her into Nancy's face, and onto the new pink satin sheets.

"OOOHUH! OOOHUH! OOOHUH!," Alicia shrieked over and over again, between desperate gasps for air. She was absolutely writhing, arching her back as her climax ferociously possessed her body. Nancy didn't let up as Alicia came with gut-wrenching wails and cries and pumped her juices out onto the bed.

"Come on baby, come for me, baby, come hard!" Nancy said, her own excitement bringing her close to the breaking point. As she kept up her finger-fucking and sucking on Alicia, Nancy's free hand slid down between her legs and began to massage and rub her own clit, and she moaned with pleasure into Alicia's drooling cunt.

Her orgasm finally began to wind down, and as it did, Alicia became aware of Nancy, her face still buried in Alicia's pussy, moaning and gyrating into the bed as she fingered herself. She didn't want Nancy to have to come that way, especially after the shattering climax Nancy had given her, so she gently grabbed her shoulders, coaxing Nancy to move back to where she couldlook her in the eyes.

Nancy slid back up Alicia's body until her face was hovering over Alicia's. Alicia looked up at Nancy, seeing Nancy's face and body slicked with sweat, her long hair falling everywhere, her bare breasts with their erect, protruding nipples, and her dainty black choker still in place, and thought that she had never before in her life seen such a beautiful, sexy vision.

"I want to taste myself," Alicia panted. 

Nancy leaned down and kissed her openly, letting Alicia taste herself on her lips, in her mouth and on her tongue. Alicia tenderly rolled her over until she was on top of Nancy, and kept kissing her as she slipped her hand down to Nancy's hungry, yearning pussy. Nancy was as wet as Alicia had been, and Alicia easily slipped her fingers into Nancy's waiting cunt as they kept up their soul-kissing. Nancy began to move with renewed intensity as Alicia slid her fingers in and out, in and out, faster and deeper.

"Ohhhh, god, baby, that's sooooooooooooo good!" Nancy groaned in pleasure.

They kept up their lovemaking in that fashion for a little while longer, and Alicia was getting hot again. Very hot. She felt as if she could come again, and she wanted to, very badly, but she wanted to come with Nancy. She knew Nancy was close to it now, so she stopped kissing her and pushed herself into a sitting position. Nancy looked at her questioningly, then understood as Alicia leaned back and spread her legs. Nancy spread hers wider, and pushed her soaking pussy into Alicia's. One of Alicia's legs was draped over Nancy's shoulder, and Nancy grabbed it and held it tight as they began to grind their clits together, their pelvises rocking and pushing into each other feverishly. They moved together, gradually increasing the speed of their gyrations, both feeling the fast approach of their inevitable release, crying out to each other, panting with exertion.

Neither one had engaged in the act of tribbing before, but they had somehow instinctively found that position, and were exploiting it to its fullest extent. The waves of pleasure and sexual energy that washed over them drove them both to the edge, then pushed them over. Nancy toppled first.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH FUCK! OOOOOH OOOOH OOOH OOOOOH AAAAAHHHHHHHHH! OOO! OOO! OOO! OOO! OOO!" she screamed, her head thrown back, eyes shut, mouth open and teeth bared in an almost feral pose. "OHHHH FUCK! AAAAAAAAAH AAAAAAAAAH!"

Alicia let herself go with Nancy's first cries, and joined in as her own climax gripped her, took her over, and forced cries and yells of orgasmic bliss out of her.

"OHHHHHHHHHHH baby baby baby baby, OOOOOOOOOOh yes yes yes yes!" Alicia called out, yelled out, as she kept undulating against Nancy.

Nancy bathed the sheets with her own sweet nectar now, as her cum flowed freely out of her. They continued to move together until they were both fully spent, then Alicia moved up and collapsed on top of Nancy, bathing her with kisses.

"Oh god, I love you baby! I love you so much! I never knew I could feel this way about another woman," Alicia sobbed with happiness as she kissed Nancy everywhere.

Nancy, exhausted, smiled and returned her kisses. "I love you too, Ali. I fell in love with you when I saw you on the beach." She chuckled. "Why do you think I threw my stuff down so close to you in the first place? I wanted to meet you, I wanted to get to know you..."

Alicia laughed softly. "Well, I guess you know me now."

Nancy looked at her and grinned wider. "Not near as much as I want to baby, not even close."

"Well, we have plenty of time. I mean time to get to know each other better," Alicia said contentedly as she lay her head on Nancy's soft breast.

"Plenty of time," Nancy agreed, wrapping her arms around Alicia lovingly. "All the time we need."