 Chapter 1.

It was Friday. Terry had taken the day off work, as a present to herself, and was home doing some catch-up chores. She had written checks for a few bills, cleaned up the house a little, changed the bedding and done some laundry. Today was her birthday... twenty-four yet! She was still wondering idly about her husband's parting words as he had left the house earlier.

"Enjoy yourself Honey, and Happy Birthday!" he had said, laughing at her as they kissed good-bye. He had promised to be home early. 

Finally, she had a light lunch and settled into a chair to read the paper. She wondered where they would go for dinner tonight. Jerry, her husband, was usually quite creative for her birthdays. As she read the paper, glancing out of the front window from time to time, she noticed that a woman was walking down the street. Not recognizing her, she watched her for a moment. 

She was nicely dressed in a two-piece summer outfit, the skirt fashionably short. She had beautiful long pale golden hair, and looked to be in her early thirty's. Terry watched her go to some houses across the street, checking the numbers, and then she crossed the street and headed for her front door. She was carrying two large briefcases, must be selling something, Terry thought. 

Now able to get a good look at her, Terry could see that she was extremely attractive, with a great pair of legs, bare of any hose, slightly tanned. Her long hair framed her lovely face, and hung lushly down her back. Terry raised herself out of the chair, and took a quick look in the mirror, as the door-bell chimed. 

She realized that she wasn't exactly dressed for receiving guests, she was wearing an old jersey of her husband's, and her cut-off denim shorts, that she liked to wear around the house. Her long shapely legs gleamed softly. Her own lush straw coloured hair was pulled back in a long ponytail, with strands dangling at the sides of her face. 

Oh well, she thought to herself, going door to door, this lady probably gets a lot worse than this. Dismissing the thought, she opened the door and said: "Hello." 

The sales-woman took a good look at Terry, and then she smiled radiantly. 

She said: "Hello yourself, and good morning. My name is Linda Jackson, and I represent 'Avion Cosmetics.' I was wondering if I might take a few moments of your time?"

"Avion Cosmetics? oh sure.... please come in." Terry replied as she stood back. She thought she wouldn't mind a little company for a short while.

The woman walked inside, smiling, and looked around. She said: "You have a lovely home." 

"Thanks, at least you caught me at a good time, I've just finished cleaning up. Why don't we sit over here." Terry said as she led her visitor to the couch. "Mind you, that doesn't include me, I look a mess!" she added smiling. 

Linda said: "Well you sure look fine to me... if I may say so, you are a lovely young woman." and she obviously meant it, as her eyes appreciatively took in Terry's beauty. 

Terry blushed prettily and said: "Why thank you.... and you are very lovely yourself."

Linda smiled with pleasure, then she opened one of her cases and laid it on the coffee table as she began to talk about the various products. They were very quickly on a first name basis. 

Linda was a very engaging person, lots of warm personality. She would take Terry's hand from time to time, and lightly dab various colours on her to see what they looked like. 

As she did so, their bare legs sometimes would brush together. Linda's skin felt warm and tingly, on Terry's own cool young flesh. Terry didn't mind at all, as she felt Linda's shapely legs caress hers, all by accident of course. It was rather a pleasant feeling, and she liked physical contact with other beautiful women. 

She had often wondered what it would be like to make love with another woman, she had told Jerry about it, and of course, the first thing he had said was could he watch!

Linda asked Terry if it would be okay for her to take off her jacket while she did her thing. Terry nodded, underneath she had on a thin silk blouse, that more than hinted at her very shapely breasts. Terry was getting quite intrigued by now, with her lovely visitor. Her own nipples tingled as she saw Linda?s thrusting out provocatively.....

Then Linda exclaimed: "Oh Terry, this is our best shadow, let me try this on you. Here, let me get to where I can do this right." she said as she slid off the couch and knelt on the floor at the side of Terry's knees.

Terry closed her eyes and Linda began to apply the eye shadow, sitting still as she felt the brush lightly move around her eyes. She could detect the very light odour of Linda's body, it was extremely pleasant, and she breathed it in deeply. 

Linda was leaning over Terry's knees, as she worked, and her breasts pressed against her bare thighs from time to time. Terry said nothing, liking the feeling of Linda's silk covered breasts rubbing on her bare skin. 

Truth be told, she was getting more than a little turned on by Linda's close presence, and the brief contact of their bodies. She trembled a little. Then one of Linda's breasts squeezed softly against Terry's own, as she worked. 

"Um.. you're kinda leaning on me, Linda." Terry finally said hesitantly, her breath ragged.

"Oh Terry, please forgive me." Linda murmured, as she made a show of trying to get up from her knees. 

As if by accident, one of her hands rested directly on one of Terry's bare thighs, for a long moment, and then Linda got back to her feet, and smiled sweetly at Terry.

"Yes, that shadow works very well with your particular complexion," she said, "why don't you go look in the mirror."

Terry nodded, and she stood up and went to the big wall mirror. As she looked at herself, her mind was thinking of how Linda's breasts had been pressed against her... the memory of her hand on her bare thighs as well. She trembled again, the thoughts made the back of her neck feel hot, the same feeling she got when her husband would come on to her, when he was horny. 

Then Linda came up behind her and stood close. Two lovely faces looked at each other, in the mirror, and each saw something that they were looking for, in each other's eyes. 

Suddenly, Linda said: "Terry you know what? Let's get you out of this old jersey, and into some nice clothes so we can get the colours right."

As she spoke, her hands stretched out and held Terry lightly, as she fussed with the jersey. Terry watched in the mirror, as Linda's hands ran gently across her body. 

Terry shivered.... now she was sure that this lovely stranger was trying to seduce her! Her mind spun, whirled with erotic thoughts. Suddenly she wanted to see where this went, she had always fantasized about having a lesbian affair... she felt her pussy start to twitch. 

She looked at Linda in the mirror, she really was very beautiful. The curves of her silk covered breasts were well matched by her shapely ass, and perfect legs. Through different eyes now, Terry saw the way Linda's breasts thrust out in her blouse, the sweetly swelling curves of tit-flesh. 

Her pointed nipples were erect, pushing sexily at the blouse; her gorgeous legs and gently swelling thighs hinted at the sweet promises above.

Terry's heart pounded as she thought 'What the hell, why not, it's my birthday!' and suddenly she was excited.

"Well, I guess you're right. I have a dress that I can throw on quickly." she stammered, and turned around to face Linda, trembling a little. 

Her bare arm rubbed against Linda's breast as she did so, and she clearly felt the erect nipple on her skin, it's touch burned into her brain. She looked into Linda's eyes again, flushing slightly. 

Linda murmured: "Yes Terry, it will be much better...." and licked her lips with a pink tongue, very slowly.

Terry headed to her bedroom, her mind in a whirl, but sure of one thing.... the unmistakable desire that she had seen in Linda's eyes... desire for her! 

Linda smiled to herself as she watched Terry go to her bedroom. This is going to be a very nice little assignment, she thought. The girl had a wonderful body. She had sensed Terry's excitement when their bodies had touched, and her tactile finger-tips had briefly felt the soft flesh of Terry's inner thighs. 

The touch of her nipple just now, had sealed it. She thought of the unspoken desire she had seen in Terry's eyes..... she purred softly to herself, she very much wanted this young woman in her arms.

And in her mouth! Her pussy twitched, and she reached under her skirt, easing her fingers past her panties into herself. She gasped, and fingered her pussy for a few minutes, until she felt it starting to drool, then she reluctantly withdrew her fingers.  

She brought them to her nose, smelling at them, then put them in her mouth and licked them clean. Delicious! 

Then she picked up her un-opened briefcase, and turned and headed for Terry's bedroom. 

Chapter 2.

Terry took out the dress that she had in mind, from her closet, and hung it over a chair. She stood in front of the long dresser, then she grabbed the hem of her jersey, and peeled it off over her head. She unbuttoned her shorts, and wriggled out of them. She looked at her reflection in the dresser mirror, clad only in her bikini panties and skimpy bra. She looked pretty good she thought, for an old lady of twenty-four!

Her thoughts returned to her visitor, and her skin tingled, she could still feel the erect nipple on her arm. The feel of Linda's breasts on her, the touch of her hands. Her mind was churning erotically, and suddenly she desperately wanted to give herself to Linda, to be taken by Linda in lesbian love!

She didn't even try to put on the dress, and waited, her heart pounding, somehow certain that Linda would follow her into the bedroom. Then in the mirror, she saw Linda come in quietly behind her. 

She gazed at Terry's almost naked body with obvious pleasure. Terry saw that she also had her other brief-case with her, which she set down upon the floor.

Terry stammered: "Oh Linda! You surprised me... do you think this dress will be..." then stopped as she saw that Linda was coming towards her. She didn't turn around.

"It's all right Terry, I don't think we'll need your dress." Linda said softly, as she stepped behind the almost naked girl, and stood very close to her. 

Terry again could smell her pleasant body odour, and yet now there was another one added, the intangible odour of a female in heat! Her head whirled as her own need for fulfilment coursed through her, and her pussy started to drool.... 

Linda very deliberately reached out, and gently clasped Terry's hips. A shot of sexual adrenalin ran from each lovely woman's body to the other, as Terry trembled at the touch of the soft elegant hands on her.

Linda looked past Terry into the mirror: "Look at yourself, you are a very lovely girl. You shouldn't be hiding your body with that jersey." she said, gently kneading Terry's hips with the palms of her hands. 

She adjusted Terry's bikini panties, pulling at them so that Terry's pussy was clearly outlined through the flimsy material. She looked in the mirror, and sucked in her breath at the erotic sight. Terry was looking too, and felt her pussy-juice run, wetting the front of the panties.

Linda very slowly pulled the younger woman's body back against her own, and Terry shuddered, as she leaned back against her, her head turning in to rest on Linda's neck. Terry could feel the pressure of Linda's crotch, and she wriggled her bum against it helplessly, as her excitement built.

They both looked in the mirror again. A large damp spot was now clearly visible on the front of Terry's panties, and she saw that Linda was looking at it too, licking her lips. Linda sighed softly, now she was really getting turned on.... 

She trembled and pushed herself tighter against Terry's ass, her mouth was suddenly dry. She had a hunger in her belly for the beautiful creature in front of her, as she started to rub her pussy mound on Terry's ass.

Linda stroked the girl's flat stomach. She sighed as she felt the soft flesh of the younger woman. Then her hands rose as the girl watched, fascinated, in the mirror. They rose higher and higher, until at last they came to a stop against Terry's spectacular breasts, hardly contained by her bra. 

Linda cupped the girl's breasts in her hands, pulling her tighter to her own body, as her crotch rubbed harder now on Terry. Her hands kneaded the firm young breasts, almost hungrily.

She gulped, and whispered into the girl's ear: "Terry, your breasts are so very, very beautiful, may I see them please?"

Terry stared in the mirror at the beautiful face behind her. She could feel Linda's crotch grinding against her, felt her own pussy getting wetter. She slowly nodded at Linda in the mirror, unable to speak. Then Linda hugged the girl around her hips with one arm, pulling her into her crotch, and with the other gently pushed Terry forward. 

She was bent over in front of her, her back arched gracefully, her ass was pressed hard against Linda's crotch, as Linda then let go of her and undid the clasp of Terry's bra, and pulled it off her. Linda paused and looked in the mirror. The picture of Terry bent over like that, naked tits thrusting out eagerly, was burned into Linda's mind for ever. 

Then Linda pulled the girl back up straight to her, pulling her in tight. Terry's firm breasts didn't drop at all, and her long nipples thrust out sweetly, then they started to harden dramatically. 

Linda gasped in pleasure as she gazed at them in the mirror, then carefully put her fingers gently on each one, caressing them lovingly. Then her need overcame her, and she filled her hungry hands with young tit-flesh. Tit-flesh that had her keening deep in her throat, as her belly ached with need, and her pussy started to drool. 

Terry stood wide-eyed, as she watched in the mirror, as Linda's elegant hands kneaded and fondled her breasts. She watched Linda's fingers as they took both of her nipples, and pinched them gently. Then a little harder as she rolled them between her fingers and thumbs.

"Ooohhh Jesus!" Terry moaned in pleasure, as her head fell back onto the woman's shoulder. 

All the while, Linda was rubbing herself against Terry, and was starting to moan softly herself.

Terry panted: "My husband... he said he would be home early, what if he sees us!"

Linda pulled the girl closer to her, as she kneaded her nipples again and again, and buried her tongue in one of Terry's ears, causing her to wriggle like a little puppy! 

"Well, if your husband does come home, I guess he'll probably find me eating out your pussy!" Linda said with a tremor in her voice, as she blew with relish into Terry's ear, causing her to tremble even more.

Terry suddenly had a mental vision of her naked body spread wide open, heaving uncontrollably, as this beautiful woman's face was pressed in between her thighs, eating her out to multiple orgasms.... then Linda ran her hands inexorably down to Terry's drooling pussy, and her fingers slipped under the crotch of Terry's soaked panties. 

"And I'm prepared to guarantee he'd like watching that!" she added, and she nibbled at the girl's ear-lobe, as her fingers gently probed Terry's cunt, thumb rubbing firmly at her swollen clitoris.

Terry moaned even louder as her head rolled back and forth on Linda's shoulder. She was totally under Linda's spell now, she had never felt so horny in her life. Her pussy was throbbing deliciously, every sexual part of her body was aroused. Her nipples tingled, and her breasts ached, her anus twitched. 

Linda continued to finger her expertly, keening deeply in her throat now. Then she reluctantly took her reaming fingers out of Terry's drooling snatch, ignoring the girls weak protests. She turned Terry around and embraced her, thrilling at those firm marvellous breasts against her own. She kissed Terry very passionately, her tongue driving into the girl's open mouth.

"Now, I think it's time to get you out of these, and me out of mine." she panted, as she stripped off Terry's wet panties.

Then she led Terry to the bed, and gently laid her down, spreading her legs wide open, as the girl looked up at her, almost in wonder... Terry watched fascinated, excitement in her eyes, as Linda stripped off all her own clothes, revealing a firm and curvaceous body. 

Her breasts were everything her blouse had hinted at, firm and thrusting, with soft generous nipples that were now elongated and dark with need. Linda fingered her own clitoris for some moments, as she savoured the delectable dish stretched out before her. 

The 'Birthday Girl' was simply gorgeous, and Linda keened with pleasure as she feasted her eyes on Terry's pussy. She had no exterior labia whatsoever, and her pussy lips were a continuous extension of her quite long, but finely sculptured clitoral hood.  

The lips were split finely down the middle, with the smooth edges hinting at the pinkness within. Everything was smoothly contoured, her pussy-mound was a poem. It was also completely devoid of any hair of any kind, as was her flat belly. 

Linda shuddered in pleasurable anticipation, then joined Terry on the bed, easing herself between her legs. She reached under her, and cupped her delectable ass-cheeks in both hands. 

She rested on her elbows, then slowly raised Terry's glistening womanhood to her face, and then first gently, then more urgently, started to eat that young lady out, as she had never been eaten before! 

To this day, Terry couldn't tell you how many times she came. Each orgasm flowed into the next... each one stronger than before. She almost passed out, then collapsed at last, her body limp and spent. 

Finally, Linda gathered the almost catatonic young woman into her arms, and gently held her as she came slowly down from her orgasms. Linda was awestruck at the amount of cum that had flooded out of Terry.

Her face and neck were covered in it, and she wiped and licked herself clean with pleasure. She thought Terry's cum tasted delicious, fresh and clean, with that honey flavour that only young women and girls have. 

Finally Terry looked dazedly up into Linda's eyes, and she murmured: "God.... that was so good, Linda!" 

Then she reached up and pulled Linda's face to hers, kissing her passionately. Linda was pleasantly surprised. Sometimes people had second thoughts, once the sex bit was over. But no ... then Terry surprised the hell out of Linda even more! 

She asked if she could go down on her.... she had never done it before, wanted to try... Linda was past surprise again, when Terry proved to be a natural born pussy-chomper, as she brought Linda to a spectacular orgasm, her soft mouth and fingers working together in a rare awareness.

Chapter 3.

Much later, as they were lying in each other's arms, gently stroking and kissing, fondling each other's goodies, Linda felt a contented glow spreading through her. Terry had been a very good lover for a first-timer. Then Linda put her mouth to Terry's ear, as that also very satisfied and contented young lady purred softly, deep in her throat.

"How would you like to get fucked with a big stiff cock right now!" she breathed sexily.

Terry burst out laughing: "Oh yes please, but it has to be at least a ten-incher, and as fat as my arm!" and she kissed Linda delightedly.

The dimensions she had given for the cock size, had been a running joke between Jerry and herself for a long time. He was an eight, and as fat as her slim wrist. Linda smiled and got off the bed, and went and picked up her as yet un-opened brief-case, and putting it on the bed, opened the locks.

"Guess what..." she giggled, and opened it wide. Then she drew out a strap-on cock that exactly matched Terry's requirements!
