 I arrived at the beautiful day spa, extremely excited about the prospect of my day of relaxation and pampering. My boyfriend, for my birthday, had booked me in for an entire day at a luxury spa, a much needed break from the hassles of work and family issues. On arrival I was given a light breakfast and indulged in the Greek style swimming pool and incredible steam rooms. My treatments started and I felt myself really unwind as I was pampered with facials, and manicures and more. Needless to say, I was becoming very thankful to my boyfriend. I began thinking of how I was going to enjoy thanking him when I got home and started to feel a familiar heat between my thighs. As relaxed as I felt, I started to feel a familiar anticipation stir and was getting hornier and hornier as I sat imagining what would happen later. Finally, the time came for my last treatment of the day, a full body massage. 

I was lounging in the relaxation area of the spa when a petite woman with perfect olive skin and long flowing dark hair came to collect me.

"Hi, are you Holly?" she asked, to which I nodded in response.

"My name is Dana, and I'll be your masseuse, if you'd like to follow me?" she said, and proceeded to lead me to a private room.

As she lead the way I began to notice her luscious curves and the rounded shape of what looked like a perfect ass underneath the trousers of her spa uniform. I found myself rather excited at the thought of this woman touching me. I had only ever experimented with a couple of women before in my life, but it had never gone very far, I believed I was more partial to men. However I was struck at how Dana had managed to instantly catch my attention.

She led me into the room and 10 minutes later the massage had begun. As she slicked oils up and down my body I realised how extremely aware I was of my nakedness beneath the towel. As she worked her magic I found this was not the relaxing experience I had intended; her magic hands were working me further into a frenzy of lust rather than deep relaxation. I desperately wanted to reach down and pleasure myself to the relief I urgently needed.

She began to work her way up my thighs then and it was too much, I let out a low moan and instantly felt her hands still on my leg. I was worried she had caught on and was going to stop, embarrass me there and then, maybe tell me to leave, but then she continued massaging my leg. She began to work her way higher and higher until she neared my pussy. My juices flowed and I knew she must have noticed the smell of sex in the air. I felt some run down my thigh and pool on the bed below me. She moved to the next thigh and gently brushed against my pussy as she went, causing me to softly whimper. She did this a three more times and it became clear that she was deliberately driving me crazy with need. On the third time I let out a soft moan and buried my head in the pillow. Hearing my reaction, she slowly reached down and began to massage between my legs, finally reaching my clit and rubbing gently as I moaned into the pillow, until she finally shoved two fingers deep inside me and I screamed in pleasure. She worked in and out, rubbing my clit with her thumb and driving all rational thought from my mind until I felt I was on the edge of orgasm. She inserted a third finger and began pumping hard into me. It pushed me over the edge and I cried out a my orgasm rocked through me, making me shudder and writhe on the bed. I began to come down from my orgasm and wanted to feel her soft, wet flesh, to taste her; I decided it was definitely her turn now. 

I turned over and sat up, and instantly she brought her head down to mine and we were passionately kissing. I quickly removed her uniform and then her bra, to reveal luscious breasts. I eagerly pulled her distended nipple into my mouth, lapping with my tongue while my hand worked her other breast, hearing her pant as I took her higher. I pulled her onto the table next to me and kissed my way down her body, eager to taste the juices between her legs. I quickly yanked at her silky panties and disposed of them on the floor before turning towards her beautifully shaven pussy. Unable to wait, I thrust my tongue between her sweet folds, lapping at her clit and working two...three fingers into her slit as she writhed and moaned beneath my mouth. She was so wet, I quickly realised that three fingers was not enough.

"More, I want more," she cried.

I inserted a forth finger and she moaned, biting her lip to keep from screaming. 

"Put your whole hand in" she pleaded. I was a bit hesitant, this is something I had never done with anyone, I didn't want to hurt her.

She sensed my hesitations and reached down, pushing my thumb towards her already very full hole. I slipped my thumb in and pushed slightly. Before I knew it her pussy swallowed my whole hand. She cried out in pleasure and I felt her muscles contract around my wrist, sucking me in further. I was amazed; fuck that was one of the sexiest things I had ever seen. I began to work my hand in and out, each time getting slightly more of my arm in until most of my forearm was buried inside her. I rubbed her clit with my other hand and she very quickly began to come, her muscles contracting around my arm. Seeing her come made me eager for another release of my own.

She pulled my face up and kissed me deeply before turning me around into the sixty-nine position so I could feel her hot breath against my aching pussy. I lowered myself down and felt her tongue dive in, crying out as she began to suck my clit. I quickly returned the favour and licked at her pussy, slipping three fingers. I felt her pull her mouth from my pussy and put a finger in her mouth. Then she started tonguing my pussy again, pushing into me and taking me higher. I felt her reach around me and moaned deeply into her flesh as I felt her fingers begin to rub the sensitive area around my anus. She slipped one finger in and I came apart. It was too much and I felt myself reach a blissful crescendo and came hot and hard into her mouth. I felt her scream into my pussy a second later as she came again, this time ejaculating into my face so her sweet juices ran down past my lips, for me to taste.

Afterwards we laid in each other's arms, kissing and stroking each other's' breasts before realising the hour-and-a-half session had ended a while ago. I kissed her goodbye, still tasting myself on her tongue and immediately went to the reception desk, booking myself in for a weekly massage. I hoped that she wouldn't get in trouble for spending too long with a client. I had left a large tip with the manager as a thank you for being understanding.

As I exited the spa a black Audi pulled up outside. I jumped in and immediately kissed the driver, pushing my tongue into his mouth and grabbing at his shirt. 

"Good birthday present then," said Ben, my boyfriend.

"Amazing! Particularly the massage at the end with the happiest of endings," I replied, trying to hide the sultry smile threatening to break free. 

Ben raised his eyebrow and I could see a smirk forming across his face. He started to drive away while I relayed, in great detail my exploits on the massage table. By the time we got home we were both desperate with need and didn't even make it past the front door before starting to tear our clothes off. Just what every birthday girl deserves.