 This story contains hypnotism, lesbian love and sex, some strong BDSM, watersports and young girls. All the girls are adults. If this is not for you, please do not read it. It is long and complex, but enjoyable, I hope. - TheDurangoKid 

Carla's Aunty Jo was a flaming asshole. Aunty Jo, Joanna Williams, had married a rich developer, who had died after only two years of whatever passed for marital bliss with Aunty Jo. As Carla saw it, what happened after Aunty Jo got rich was that she just extended her circle of offendees. And Carla was an offendee. Aunty Jo didn't like gays or lesbians or trannies or bisexuals. And she would tell everyone that she didn't like them loudly. She treated everyone that she purchased goods and services from as if they were covered in dog shit and not worthy of even being in her company. And Aunty Jo was so rich that the purveyors of goods and services encouraged her to treat them like shit and enabled her to push aside anyone interfering with her desires. She did tend to behave around her equally snobby friends, but even they could be trampled on if they were in between Aunty Jo and something she wanted. Joanna never, ever worried about what she said. If she offended anybody, it was just their tough shit. She had been a really nice girl growing up and no one knew why she had changed into such an awful person. But, who was going to tell a woman that big, who could move like a lioness and strike like a cobra, that they didn't like something she said?

Aunty Jo had inherited a very nice estate from her husband. The stocks and bonds were worth $20,000,000. The estate had 50 landscaped acres. The house had 15,000 square feet, with a huge master suite and 8 guest bedrooms, each with its own bathroom. There was an exercise room and a home theater, a big kitchen with professional appliances and room to eat at the table in the kitchen or the formal dining room. There was a living room with an 80 inch flat screen TV and all the bedrooms had their own TV. Outside there was an Olympic pool with a big deck area and a pool house and landscaping shed. There was a huge indoor horse riding facility, with a stable with stalls for 10 horses, even though there were no horses on the estate anymore. There was plenty of room for additional buildings, but there were no other structures on the property. An 8 foot high fence surrounded the entire property, so it was practically invisible from the outside. The entrance had an electric gate that opened onto a quarter-mile driveway. There were security cameras everywhere. There was garage space for 6 cars and paved parking for 20 cars. It was a quite nice and very private place. 

Aunty Jo used to be a hot package. There was never any doubt why a rich developer would marry her. She was 6' 2", and, in her prime, weighed 150 pounds. She had black hair, green eyes, C+ cup breasts, kept her bikini area totally hair-free and was drop-dead gorgeous. But, now at 35, it had been 5 years since her husband died and she had put on well over 100 pounds. Maybe more, because even she had noticed how fat she had become. On her own she had started going to a weight loss clinic, where they used hypnosis as their main tool for weight reduction. And, the head therapist happened to be a good friend and sometime lover of Carla's. 

Carla's mother, Virginia Johnson, is Aunty Jo's older sister. Carla's mother thought that family was everything, so she and Carla spend way more time with Aunty Jo than Carla would like. Virginia is 45 years old and tall like Joanna; 6' 1" and 155. She has small breasts that have not started to sag yet and is blessed with big nipples. She has a nice head of golden hair, blue eyes, a neatly-trimmed pubic area and is a nicely attractive, mature woman. She is also a lesbian, which she has kept a secret from her homophobic sister. Virginia didn't understand why Joanna was such a gay basher. After all, she and Virginia had had a serious sexual attraction when they were younger. But Joanna had left that life with a vengeance several years ago and Virginia just let it be. Since Virginia is Aunty Jo's sister, you are thinking that Virginia and Carla also benefited from Aunty Jo's windfall, but you are wrong. They got nothing. Maybe less than nothing, because Virginia still wanted to go places with Joanna, but now Joanna only went to really expensive places, but still expected Virginia to pay for every other outing. Since Virginia was paying more, she and Carla had less. But, that was Aunty Jo. 

And then there was Carla. She was 26, tall, 5' 11", weighs about 140, has smallish, but perky breasts, extra long nipples, a shaved pussy, lots of muscle from running, bright blonde hair, blue eyes, is cute as a button and a full-blown out of the closet lesbian. She is also smarter than the average dog. In fact, when she took the Mensa test, she found out she was smarter than 98 percent of all the dogs. Maybe 99 percent, but who's counting? And she can hold a grudge. If grudge holding was an Olympic event, she would win a Gold Medal every four years. Piss her off at your own risk. And Aunty Jo pissed her off. 

Aunty Jo would come over to Virginia's house and call Carla and her friends every name for lesbian there is: dyke, queer, lezzie, dieseldyke, butch, etc. So Carla can't bring her friends to her own house because her aunt is an asshole. And if her mother drags Carla to Aunty Jo's house, she gives her shit about whether she should let a dyke into her house. Every fucking time. And Carla says she is never coming back. Every fucking time. Except, she gives in to her mother, who thinks family really matters. 

So, Carla was talking with Debbie Masters, her friend and sometime lover, who is the head therapist at the weight loss clinic where Joanna was going. Debbie is only 5' 3" and weighs 120, with blonde hair and a very nice body. She is Carla's age and has been one of Carla's Friends With Benefits for 5 years or so. Debbie was telling Carla how difficult it was to deal with Joanna. She wouldn't follow instructions, she belittled the staff, she complained about the lack of results. It was just Aunty Jo being Aunty Jo. Carla told Debbie that Aunty Jo was not going to change and if that was a problem for Debbie, she either had to take it or tell Joanna to go to hell. Of course, Carla says, there was a third way. She could give Carla the trigger phrase for Aunty Jo. The phrase that put her under and allowed new post-hypnotic instructions to be given. Debbie said there were professional ethics involved and Carla said that if she left the phrase on a notepad on her desk and when Carla came in, she would take a bathroom break and Carla wouldn't tell if Debbie didn't ask. Plus, the clinic would receive all the money they thought they would, without having had to put up with Joanna. Carla would make sure they got paid. 

When Carla left the clinic, she said to Debbie, ""Thanks, Deb, we need to get together sometime." 

"Call me, hon." 

The magic words are "Judicious element." Now that she knows this, she has to go see Aunty Jo when she goes home. Fortunately, Aunty Jo did not want to live at the weight loss clinic, so she was doing the treatment as an outpatient, going home every evening. So Carla just had to get face to face with her. Which turned out to be easy. Carla rang the doorbell and Joanna opened the door and before she could even say, "Hello, Dyke," Carla said "Judicious element." Aunty Jo's eyes glazed over and Carla walked in. 

"Come with me, Ms. Williams." Carla knew they called Joanna by her married name at the clinic and she didn't want to change anything until she was sure she was fully in charge. "Sit down right here, please. We are going to have a talk. 

"Things are going to change around here. You will no longer be in charge and you will suffer indignities such as the ones you have inflicted on others. To start with, I am going to give you some new instructions that you must follow: 

When you hear the words "Judicious element" you will enter the trance state you are now in. Each time you hear the phrase and enter the trance state, you will enter a deeper trance. 

You will only respond to the phrase "Judicious element" when it is spoken by Carla Johnson. 

When you are in a trance, you will follow all instructions from Carla Johnson and will only respond to instructions from Carla Johnson. You will always tell the truth to Carla Johnson. 

When you get mad at anyone or anything, you will become highly aroused and desirous of achieving an orgasm. 

When you are embarrassed or humiliated, you will become highly aroused and desirous of achieving an orgasm. 

If you are already aroused, any new arousal will add to your current arousal. 

No matter how aroused you are, you cannot cum unless instructed to do so by Carla Johnson. 

You will be aware of and remember everything you are asked to do and even though you may not want to do it, you will have to do it. You will not remember the trigger phrase. 

You will never try to do anything that will harm Carla Johnson or impair her ability to continue her control over you. You will never mention to anyone that you obey Carla Johnson, but will say that you admire and respect her. 

"Now, you must tell me the things that humiliate and embarrass you. You can imagine why I want this information, but you must tell me truthfully." 

Joanna heard the question and knew why Carla wanted the information. She got very mad and then was so horny, she could barely stand it. She need to cum in the worst way. She said, "Carla, I will tell you what humiliates me, but could you first allow me to cum?" 

"Did Aunty Jo forget that getting mad makes her horny? Maybe I will allow you a cum after you tell me what I want to know." 

Joanna cringed inside. She was so humiliated to have to tell Carla what embarrassed her. And then she felt an increase in her need for an orgasm. She cried out, "Oh, please, let me cum. I need it so bad." 

"Tell me first." 

"OK. I'll try. I am so ashamed of my body. I am a fat pig and I am ashamed to even look at myself in the mirror. I have always been embarrassed by my body. My breasts are so big and wanton. Men look at me and I imagine them seeing me naked and I am mortified. Anyone seeing my body terrifies me. Please let me come! Everything I tell you just makes me need an orgasm more!" 

Carla laughed and said, "Take off your clothes Aunty Jo. Now." 

Joanna rebelled. She would be damned if she was going to take her clothes off. She took off her dress and threw it on the floor. No one can see me naked, she thought. She dropped her bra and removed her panties. Joanna stood in front of Carla naked. Carla was stunned. She had never seen Aunty Jo naked before, but this was awful. A tall, beautiful, athletic woman turned into a giant tub of lard. Hardly any waist at all, just straight up and down sides to her body. Her tits were gigantic, although fortunately they were not sagging terribly. Carla thought she had arrived just in the nick of time to perhaps save her breasts from looking like some 70 year old granny. 

"We are going to make you beautiful again, sweetie." 

Carla pushed the call buttons for Joanna's two maids, Audrey Martin, the housekeeper, and Martha Jones, the cook. When they arrived, she told them that she was now in charge of running the house, because Aunty Jo loved her and wanted her help in losing weight. So the two women would be taking orders only from Carla. Carla hoped that the change was not going to upset the women. The two women grinned and said that they would be able to handle the changes. Carla grinned because she knew the women well and knew how they felt about Aunty Jo. Carla thought she might as well show them that they would be free from the evil clutches of Aunty Jo. 

Carla said to Aunty Jo, "Now show us how you masturbate, Aunty Jo." 

Humiliation overcame Joanna. How could Carla do this to her in front of her servants? She couldn't do that, she thought. But her right hand betrayed her by moving between her legs and rubbing her clit, while her left hand put two fingers into her cunt and started finger-fucking. She masturbated faster and faster. Harder and harder. She was sweating. But, nothing was happening. She was getting a little hotter, but her orgasm was not building inside her. Oh, God. She needed to cum so badly. 

Carla said, "I guess you need to make me cum, Aunty Jo. Eat my pussy." Carla raised her skirt and showed Aunty Jo that she wasn't wearing underwear. Joanna was looking at her hairless pussy. The maids were just staring, not believing their eyes. Joanna was already on her knees licking Carla's cunt, before she could even think about how disgusting it would be to eat Carla's pussy. Carla was loving it. She was about to cum from her Aunty Jo's mouth. Aunty Jo, who hated lesbians and probably thought she was now a lesbian was licking with abandon, doing a pretty good job for what Carla (erroneously) thought was her first time eating a pussy. Carla came with a scream. Joanna just got hotter and hotter because of the humiliation. 

After she recovered, Carla told the two maids, "You see the changes that have occurred. You will keep your mouths shut about these changes and you will be able to continue working here for me. If you tell anyone about this, you will be fired. And I will expect you to concentrate on your jobs and not on what Aunty Jo and I are doing. Is that understood? You will help when I call you, but do not volunteer. It is time for you to go home. We will see you back here at 8 AM." 

"Yes, Carla. We are happy for you and look forward to working for you." And the maids left. 

Joanna was desperate to cum. "Please let me cum, Carla. I'm sorry for all the things I used to say to you. I never meant them." 

"Masturbate, Aunty Jo. You can cum now." 

Joanna feverishly began rubbing her clit and fucking her slit and felt her orgasm begin to grow within her. When she came, she exploded. She fell to the floor shaking and humping and yelling. When she recovered, she felt relieved to have her horniness taken care of finally. Then she got pissed at Carla for doing this to her and immediately got horny again. 

Carla thought that Aunty Jo had done a good job at eating pussy, but still needed practice, so she told Aunty Jo to make love to her: slowly and lovingly kiss Carla on the lips and take off Carla's clothes and kiss and fondle her breasts and then kiss and suck her toes and up her legs and make her cum again, all the while telling Carla that she loved her. "And make me believe it, Aunty Jo!!" Carla finished. 

Joanna was furious and she was embarrassed and her need to cum ramped up exponentially. She had to cum so badly. As she started to give Carla a big, full kiss firm and with emotion, Joanna realized that she was going to have to control her emotions or she was just going to make herself suffer with a constant need to cum. She tried to put her feelings on hold, but when she took Carla's clothes off and ran her hands over Carla's smooth body, Joanna felt herself become aroused by Carla's naked body. Joanna was unprepared for this and was embarrassed, ramping up her arousal another notch. She had to cum soon! She began to fondle and kiss Carla's tits and suck on her nipples. Carla cooed, "Tell me you love me, Aunty Jo. Tell me how you have loved me for years and just couldn't tell me. And tell me you want to make me cum like never before. Seduce me." 

"Oh, Carla, I love you. I have always loved you. I am going to make you cum like never before." And Aunty Jo moved her tongue down to Carla's pussy and licked her until she seemed to explode with an ejaculation of pussy juice right into Aunty Jo's mouth. The humiliation ramped up Aunty Jo's arousal even higher. She begged Carla to let her cum. Carla wanted to see what would happen if she just told Aunty Jo to cum, so she did. Aunty Jo fell to the floor, flopped around like a fish on a line and screamed out, "I'm cccuuuummmmiiinnnggg!!" 

Carla told Aunty Jo to gather all the documents for her properties and bank accounts so that they could visit Carla's lawyer in the morning. "It is going to be a long day tomorrow, Aunty Jo," Carla told her. It was now 9:00 PM and they had not eaten. Carla could wait until morning and Aunty Jo certainly did not need to eat anything. They would go to bed so they could rise early tomorrow. Carla told Aunty Jo that they were going to sleep together in the nude and Aunty Jo was going to cuddle Carla all night. Joanna's arousal spiked as a reaction to that statement. Carla chuckled to herself when she woke up during the night. Aunty Jo was holding Carla and trying to hump her leg to make herself cum. Carla stuck her leg into Joanna's cunt, just to emphasize that she couldn't cum without Carla's permission. Joanna woke up horny as hell. 

They got out of bed, showered and did their other, usual things and then Carla informed Aunty Jo that she was to stay naked in the house and that her breakfast from now on was black coffee and a piece of toast. Coffee and toast had been prepared by the cook, according to Carla's instructions. Carla called her attorney friend and sometime lover, Jill Stillman. Jill was a real looker; 5'8", and 130 pounds, with brown hair and blue eyes. She had been one of Carla's Friends With Benefits for more than 6 years. Carla said that she had some work, actually a lot of work, for her. Jill said 10:00 AM looked good. Carla told Aunty Jo to get her safe deposit keys so they could get the records Aunty Jo kept there. When they arrived at Jill's office, Carla told Aunty Jo that she was going to tell the attorney that she had decided to leave everything she owned to Carla and that since she had no children, she wanted Carla to have everything right now. Further, Joanna was to tell the attorney that Carla had agreed to provide food and shelter for Joanna for as long as she lived and that Joanna was going to completely give over her life to Carla and do anything and everything Carla instructed her to. So, Joanna wanted the attorney to transfer all property into Carla's name and give Carla Power of Attorney over all of Joanna's assets and activities. Naturally, Aunty Jo hit the roof internally and became very aroused. She was barely able to stand up straight. 

"I can't go in there, Carla. I need to cum so bad, I can't stand up." 

"You have to start thinking ahead or you are going to be perpetually horny, Aunty Jo." 

They went in and met the attorney. Carla told Aunty Jo to tell Jill what they had discussed and told Jill she should videotape it. Joanna told Jill the story and Jill videotaped it. Jill said it would take the rest of the week to prepare the property documents and get them filed. "There are some property filing fees, but we will handle them and bill you. The Powers of Attorney are being prepared now. There are the General Power, the Medical Power and a couple more. Joanna and you can sign all of them before you leave. There shouldn't be any issues with bank accounts, but if there are, the Powers of Attorney should take care of them," Jill said. 

"So, we do not have to come back here? You will file the documents? Doesn't Joanna have to sign them?" asked Carla. 

"Joanna will sign a Power of Attorney for us, also. That will allow us to file the documents without bothering you." 

"Super. Thank you." 

Just then Jill's admin came in with the documents and everybody signed where appropriate. 

As Carla and Joanna were leaving, Carla said, "Thanks, Jill, we need to get together sometime." 

"Call me, hon." 

Carla and Aunty Jo left. 

They went to the banks in which Joanna had accounts and put Carla on each account as a signatory. Carla was also added to the safe deposit boxes. Then they went home for lunch. 
