 I was tired. Tired of him, tired of them, tired of this life. It had been years, so I supposed I had a right to be tired. Anyone would be tired of doing what I did day after day, week after week, year after year. And while he was better than the previous three, he was still an asshole who would beat me sooner than praise me. But that was the life, wasn't it? It was all about putting out and making money. I sighed.

I watched the cars as they continued to line up, one behind the next, waiting. Waiting for something they wanted to order...as if the girls were menu items. Most of the girls moved toward the waiting vehicles, selling their wares. They were dressed to highlight the parts that were in high demand. Tops that accentuated their full, round breasts...and if they didn't have full, round breasts, they wore bras or bustiers that made it seem like they did. Bottoms that drew attention to their full, round buttocks...and if they didn't have full, round buttocks, they simply wore nothing on the bottom or maybe a thong that left the flesh bare. All of it was to arouse them, to tease them like dogs in heat. And to me, they were dogs in heat. 

Anyone staring at the scene from the outside would see tits, ass, long legs, bare tummies, make-up, wigs...whores...women enthusiastically trying to ensnare innocent men with their bodies. Women who had no self-respect, who sold the use of their mouths or hands for $30 and the use of other bodily cavities for not much more. From the inside, as I well knew, I saw girls who had been tricked, threatened and beaten into submission. None of them started out wanting to sell their bodies for a few dollars. Most of them had nothing, and no one. No money, no appropriate clothing, nowhere to go...and no family members trying to save them. Most of them had been runaways, desperate for food and a little help...and now most of them were addicts. Hooked on drugs that allowed them to escape from the reality of this life...from the danger of this life.

 Many of them would be assaulted and raped numerous times by their "managers" (translation, their pimps) and by customers before they managed to leave the life. And many of them would have a criminal record as long as their arm. And sometimes, sometimes, the exploitation, the beatings, the rapes, came from the very persons who were supposed to protect and serve. In this life, the police was often the enemy, not the savior. 

I sighed again, what was the point of thinking about all of this now? He was waiting for me to earn money. For some reason, even after well over a decade, I was one of his most marketable girls. I didn't know if it was my creamy, butterscotch skin, my long, dark mane of hair, my deep, dark brown eyes, naturally sheltered by thick, dark lashes, my full, pouting lips, or my shapely, hourglass form. A part of me knew I would put Beyonce to shame, when Beyonce had been her original size. Except, in addition to my small waist, curvy hips and nicely shaped bottom, I had a set of tits to die for. Still full, round, perky and perfect after more than a decade in the life. I didn't even need the "costumes" I typically wore to make money...but sometimes I needed them...to hide behind...or within. 

Tonight? I wore thick, platinum curls that hung to the middle of my back, enough mascara and eye liner to make me appear sinister, and bright berry lipstick. I had on a tank, two sizes too small, that forced my breasts to spill out from the sides and overflow from the top. This was complimented by a tiny skirt that barely covered my rounded bottom. And my curvy legs were encased in black, sheer, seamed stockings. Add to my ensemble five inch "fuck me" heels and once I got started, I would be busy all night. I wasn't vain, just a realist. If I acknowledged my assets and used them to my advantage, I could end my nights just a little earlier than the other working girls. At the thought, my cell phone chirped and I quickly dug in the little bag I carried, frowning as I answered it.

 "What the fuck you doing? You on fucking vacation?" He demanded. 

 "I'm just getting my head on straight, Daddy." I responded with the appropriate amount of apprehension and respect in my voice.

 "Get your fucking ass out there 'fore I smash a fucking bottle upside your head, you hear me?"

 The line disconnected. I sighed for what felt like the hundredth time. Time to go to work.

