 Author's Note: I've gotten mixed reviews on this story so I thought I would add the next part and see what happens. If you like it and want to read more let me know and I'll add more chapters.

sexygirl76

*****

I met my driving partner and instructor two days before I was supposed to leave for my first run. I was running stereo equipment to Oklahoma. It was going to be a four day run and I was itching to get on the road. 

I was in the office talking to Jerry, one of the dispatchers when she came in behind me. She was holding a clipboard and talking to another driver. When I turned to look at her I couldn't believe my eyes. This was my instructor? No way. She was in her late 20's with auburn hair that hung down her back in waves. She was 5'8" and weighed maybe 114lbs soaking wet. She was dressed in a pair of tight jeans that molded to her body and a flannel shirt that left very little to the imagination. As I looked at her I felt my pussy start to moisten and had to clear my throat before I made a fool of myself.

She looked over at me and smiled. "Amber?" She asked with a soft southern drawl.

I cleared my throat and nodded, unsure if I had the ability to speak.

She held a well-manicured hand out to me. "I'm Jessica, I'll be your instructor and team driver for the next six months. After that you can decide to get another partner or run solo."

I took a deep breath and let it out slowly then shook her hand glad my palms weren't sweaty. "It's nice to meet you." I said softly.

She looked over at Jerry and smiled. "Mind if I steal your girl for a while? There are a couple of things we need to go over before Friday."

Jerry grinned at me and swatted me on the ass. "Sure thing boss." He turned back to his terminal as a call came in.

I glared at Jerry's back for a minute then turned back to Jessica. She has a smile on her face like she was trying not to laugh. "I think he likes you." She said with a twinkle in her eye.

I blushed and shook my head. "He's not my type. We're just good friends."

Jessica chuckled and leaned towards me. "I'd love to know what your type is." She whispered in my ear before pulling away and licking her lips. My eyes widened but I didn't say anything, I just stood there as my pussy started leaking heavier. I knew I was going to have a stain on my panties before this day was over and I blushed again.

Jessica chuckled and held her clipboard against her chest. "Shall we?"

I nodded. "After you."

I followed her into one of the offices where we sat and discussed the run. I would drive for 10 hours then she would drive for 10 hours. If we did it right, we should make our deadline no problem. They were giving us four days for the run, although Jessica figured we could make it in three if we pushed it. She laid a map on the table and showed me the best route to get where we were going. She also pointed out rest areas, where to get gas and even the best places to eat on the road. She told me I can get a draw daily against my check to keep me going if needs be. I had some money saved up so I figured I wouldn't need to do that for a while but it was good to know about just in case.

By the time the meeting was over, I felt I was as prepared for Friday as I was going to get. I shook her hand again and agreed to meet her at the truck at 8:00 Friday morning so we could go pick up our load. I would be driving first and she would navigate.

I stopped off at a burger joint on the way home and got dinner, and headed for home. By the time I went to bed, I was excited and couldn't wait for Friday to get here.

I woke early on Friday, the sun barely up when I opened my eyes. I looked over at the clock and sighed, it was a little after 5. Too early to do anything really. I lay there for a minute, thinking about the day ahead. It was going to be a long day and I knew I really should try to get some more sleep. The problem was I was wide awake and my pussy was burning with need. I knew I would never get back to sleep until I took care of the problem so I threw off the covers and ran my hands down over my naked body. 

I ran my hands over my tits and pulled on my nipples, feeling them harden in my fingers. I closed my eyes and whimpered as I rocked my hips around on the bed. I pulled on my nipples for a couple of minutes until they were both standing out hard then I lowered my hand further down my body. I ran my hand down over my stomach, then spread my legs wider open and slid my hand down over my burning pussy. I spread my pussy lips open and with my free hand ran my fingertip over my engorged clit. I moaned as electricity shot through me.

"God I'm so horny..." I moaned running my finger back and forth across my clit. I took the small nub between my fingers and pulled and twisted it. "Oh yeah..." I moaned rocking my hips back and forth as I played with my clit. I loved playing with my clit but I was so hot I knew I needed more. I pulled my hands off my burning cunt and rolled over onto my side so I could get in my nightstand drawer.

My best friend Ashley had gotten me a dildo for my 18th birthday but I never had the nerve to use it. I figured since I wasn't going to get Kevin's cock inside me this morning, this would have to do. I pulled it out of the drawer and looked at it. It was purple and looked like it was made out of some kind of jelly material. It was about 12 inches long and 3 inches thick. I had scoffed when Ashley gave it to me for my birthday. She said she had bought it as a gag, in case I never needed a cock and there wasn't one readily available. Now that I held it in my hand, I wondered if it would fit inside me.

I ran it down over my body then pressed it against my clit. I moaned as pleasure coursed through me. I rubbed the dildo up and down a couple of times against my clit as I rocked my hips. I felt my orgasm rising but I needed more. I spread my legs a bit further apart and moved the dildo down so it was pushing against my slit. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly, then slowly pushed the dildo inside me. I gasped as I felt my pussy stretching to accommodate it. It was so huge, but it felt good slowly sliding inside me.

I pushed it in till I had about half of it and whimpered. I felt so full already. I pulled it out slowly, and then pushed it back in. I felt the friction as I slowly worked the dildo in and out and moaned and lifted my hips. "Oh yeah, that feels good." I moaned.

I worked the toy slow at first then as I felt my orgasm rising, I sped up the movements of my hand. I worked it in and out rapidly and started panting as I knew I was close. "Oh...Oh fuck, so close." I panted reaching down with my free hand and pulling at my clit. I worked the toy faster and cried out as I reached the peak. "Fuck, I'm cummmminnnnnnnggggg..."

I kept the toy working inside me as I rode the waves of ecstasy. When I slowly started to cum down, I stopped moving my hand and just held the toy buried inside me. "Oh fuck," I sighed as I relaxed back against the pillow.

The next thing I knew my alarm was going off. It was 6:30, I had cum so hard I had passed out with the toy still lodged inside me. I pulled it out and set it on the bed beside me as I reached over and turned off the alarm. I lay back on the bed for a minute trying to get my barings then sat up and threw my legs off the side of the bed. I wrapped the dildo in a bandana I found in my drawer and left it on the bed as I went in search of clothes. I finally decided on a pair of jeans and a flannel shirt. Grabbing the dildo off the bed I went into the bathroom to take a shower and get ready to face the day.

My dad dropped me off at the truck at quarter to 8. Jessica wasn't here yet so I threw my duffel bag on the driver's seat then walked around the truck to make sure everything was as it should be. Once I had done my walkthrough I climbed into the cab and threw my duffel bag into the sleeper. I picked up the log and did the pre-check you are supposed to perform before driving.

Once that was done, I sat back and sighed. I thought about going into the restaurant and getting a cup of coffee when the passenger door opened. I looked over and smiled as Jessica climbed into the cab. She was dressed in a pair of faded blue jeans and a t-shirt that molded to her body. She threw a duffel bag into the sleeper then sat down in the passenger seat and looked at me. "Ready?" She asked with a smile.

I grinned back and laughed. "Oh hell yeah, I've been ready for 18 years for this."

She laughed and put on her seat belt. "Alright then, it is all yours. Let's go."

I put my seat belt on and grinned as I turned on the ignition. As the truck fired up I smiled. Finally all my dreams were coming true. I pulled out of the parking spot carefully and headed towards the interstate, with my window open and the wind in my hair.

We had been on the road for two days and were about a day away from our destination. Jessica was asleep in the passenger seat as I drove through the night, sipping coffee and listening to a quiet country station on the radio.

I reached up and wiped my eye as I yawned. It had been a long day and I admit it was catching up to me. I glanced at the clock on the dashboard and my eyes widened. My ten hours were up. It had gone by so quick I didn't realize it. No wonder I was tired.  

I saw a sign for a rest area and headed there. Ten minutes later, I pulled into the rest area and killed the ignition. As I shut down the truck, Jessica jerked awake. "Where are we?" She asked wiping her eyes.

I looked over at her as I stretched. "We moved into Kentucky about an hour ago."

She nodded and opened the passenger door. "I gotta pee." I watched her climb out of the truck and quickly followed, my own bladder telling me it was time to stop.

I threw water on my face then wiped it off with a paper towel, before I left the bathroom. When I got back to the truck, Jennifer was sitting in the sleeper looking at me sleepily. "I'm to tired to drive. We are ahead of schedule; I'll take over in the morning."

I noticed she had stripped down to just a G-string and felt my pussy start to leak. I swallowed hard as I stared at her. "Okay." I stammered pulling off my own clothes. I had stripped down to just my underwear and t-shirt when I realized I hadn't locked up. I moved back into the cab, glad it was dark and locked both doors. I made sure everything was off then moved back into the sleeper. 

Jessica was on the far side of the bed and from the way she was breathing it was obvious she was fast asleep. I closed the curtains, closing out light from the rest area and climbed into the bed beside her. I made sure to keep a good distance from her and rolled over onto my side and closed my eyes.

I lay there for about 15 minutes trying to get my body to relax enough so I could sleep, but it wasn't happening. Knowing Jessica was that close, was sending my body into overdrive. I had never considered whether or not I was gay or bisexual before. As far as I knew, I liked guys, but there was something about my driving partner that sent my body into a sexual frenzy.

Jessica rolled over onto her back and I froze, afraid of waking her up. I could smell her at this distance. Not a bad smell, but a smell that was turning me on something fierce. I peeked over my shoulder at her and sighed. She had one arm up above her head and her breasts were pulled up as she slept. I could smell the deodorant she used, but there was another smell that was sweet, that was all her and that was the smell that was driving me crazy.

I rolled over onto my back and sighed. My nipples were rock hard and pressing against my shirt. My panties were soaked with my juices and my pussy burned with need. I looked up at the ceiling of the sleeper and sighed quietly. There was no way I was going to get any sleep without taking care of my oversexed body.

As quietly as I could, I climbed out of bed and stripped out of my t-shirt and panties. I dropped them on the floor then very carefully climbed back into bed. I made sure I didn't brush against Jessica as I spread my legs and reached down between them. I brushed my finger lightly against my clit and had to bite back a moan as electricity shot through me. I looked over at Jessica asleep beside me and imagined me sucking on her pert tits as I fondled my clit. I licked my lips and bit down on my lower lip as I imagined her nipple in my mouth, rolling it with my tongue and teeth.

I flicked my finger across my clit a few times and couldn't hold back the quiet moan that escaped. Playing with my clit felt good, but I was so hot I knew I needed more. I moved my hand off my clit and pushed it down further until I was able to slide two fingers in my burning pussy. "Oh...Oh yes." I moaned closing my eyes as I slowly fingered myself.

I started off moving my fingers slow; building up the tension, but it wasn't long before my fingers were flying inside of me. "Oh...oh god." I moaned my hips twisting and writhing as I felt my orgasm rising. I was trying to be quiet but it felt so good, I'm sure my voice rose some.

I was so lost in my own pleasure that for a while I forgot where I was. I forgot that I wasn't alone. All I knew is that my fingers were flying in and out of my burning cunt and I was going to cum. "Ugh, so close." I whimpered moving my fingers even faster and harder.

Suddenly my eyes flew open as I felt a hand caressing my clit. It felt amazing the way the finger was moving over it. I stopped my moving fingers and just lay there in the dark, right on the brink. Suddenly I felt a warm breath against my ear. "Oh don't stop now, I have a feeling you were close." She kissed my ear as she took my clit between her fingers and pulled on it.

"Ugh..." I moaned as I slowly started fingering my cunt once more. My orgasm had died a little but it didn't take long before it was built up once more. Between Jessica playing with my clit and my fingers driving inside me I was soon panting and writhing around like a bitch in heat.

Jessica kissed my ear then moved her lips to my neck, slowly dropping kisses all over my overheated flesh. "Cum baby." She cooed pulling harder at my clit as she nipped at my neck with her teeth.

"Oh...Oh Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk..." I cried as I went flying over the edge.

"Yes, that's it, coat those fingers." She purred still pulling on my clit.

I slowed down my movements until I eventually stopped, laying there trying to catch my breath. I looked at her as she propped herself up on her arm and smiled at me. "Feel better?" She asked coyly.

I blushed and was glad it was dark in the sleeper. "Y...yeah, thanks. I'm sorry if I woke you."

She shrugged and lazily caressed my breast with her fingers. "It's okay, I get like that too."

I sucked in my breath as her fingers wrapped around my nipple and she pulled on it. I could feel my body heating up once more and closed my eyes trying to ignore it. She pulled at my nipple and nipped at my neck with her lips. She leaned her head close to my ear and breathed softly. "Would you like to cum again?" She asked softly.

My eyes flew open and I looked at her. "W...What do you mean?"

She didn't answer; she just smiled and lowered her head towards my breast. I sucked in my breath as I realized what she was doing. When she wrapped her lips around my nipple, I let out my breath raggedly. I lay there, unmoving as she sucked at my nipple and pulled on the other one with her fingers.

My breaths came out in ragged pants as she sucked at my breast. I tried to ignore the pleasure that coursed through me at her fingers and mouth but I couldn't stop the moan that escaped my lips. "J...Jessica, what are you doing?" I stammered looking down at her.

She lifted her head and smiled at me. "Shhhh...Let me make you feel good." She pressed her finger lightly against my lips then lowered her head once more. She started dropping kisses down my body, over each breast, over my stomach. I took slow, even breaths as I watched her, unable to believe what I was watching. When she moved down between my spread legs, my eyes widened. "Jessica?" I murmured quietly.

She spread me open then lifted her head and smiled. "Relax baby, you are going to love this." Then before I could react, she lowered her head to my pussy.

At the first touch of her tongue, I let out a ragged breath and moaned. I didn't know what to do or how to react, so I just lay there, watching her through half closed eyes. She ran her tongue repeatedly over my clit and I moaned and lifted against her. I couldn't lay still, her tongue felt too good.

"Ugh, oh Jessica, oh god." I moaned lifting against her as she wrapped her lips around my clit and sucked. I felt her slip two fingers inside me and she started slowly working them in and out as she sucked slowly at my clit. I writhed around and tossed my head back and forth as I felt my orgasm rising once more.

"Oh god, what are you doing to me?" I whimpered as she sucked harder at my clit and started moving her fingers faster and harder inside me.

Jessica let my clit slip from between her lips and lifted her head. "I'm making you feel good baby." She cooed before lowering her head back to my pussy.

I whimpered and wiggled around. "Y...You sure are doing that." I panted as I felt my orgasm rising hard and fast. I couldn't keep my hips from rocking back and forth as I pulled at my nipples with my fingers. "Oh god, I'm going to cum." I cried as I reached the peak but couldn't go over.

Jessica sucked harder at my clit, grazing the small nub with her teeth as her fingers flew inside of me. I cried out as I went flying over the edge and coated her fingers in my juices. "Oh fuck..." I growled as I slowly came back to earth.

Jessica pulled her fingers free and stuck them in her mouth sucking on them. I watched her wide eyed as she licked my juice from her fingers. When she pulled her fingers free she smiled. "You taste good."

I just stared at her, not sure what to say. She moved over me and gently kissed me. "Wanna return the favor?" She asked seductively.

"I...I've never done that." I stammered softly.

She giggled and grabbing my hand put it on her breast. "Give it a try, you might like it."

I squeezed her breast and was awed by how firm it was. I had to admit I was attracted to Jessica, and the thought of eating her out was actually making my mouth water. "O...Okay." I said slowly.

She smiled and leaned into my hand. "I like having my tits played with." She said softly.

I squeezed her tit again then lifted my head and took her nipple between my lips sucking on it, as I grabbed her other tit with my fingers and pulled at her nipple. "Mmmmmm, that feels good." Jessica purred leaning down towards me.

I sucked harder at her nipple, feeling it harden in my mouth and ran my tongue over it. She purred and grabbed my tits, playing with them. I squeezed her other nipple and pulled on it until it stood out rock hard. I pulled my mouth away from her chest and looked at her breathlessly. "Lay down baby." I purred.

She smiled showing even white teeth and leaned forward and kissed me softly. "I was hoping you'd say that." She purred.

She moved to her knees and stripped her G-string down her legs. When it was at her knees she moved to her butt and pulled her G-string off the rest of the way. Then she lay down beside me with her legs spread and held her arms out to me. "Come get me baby, I'm so hot." She purred.

I moved over her and kissed her softly then started kissing my way slowly down her body. I started at her neck, leaving open mouth kisses along her flesh. By the time I reached her stomach she was wiggling around and purring. "Eat me baby." She sighed wiggling her hips around on the bed.

I continued kissing my way down her body, purposely avoiding her pussy and ran my lips down each leg then back up. By the time I reached her pussy again she was whimpering and crying out. "Please baby..." She begged reaching out for me.
