 This is part three of the story of Carla and her Aunty Jo. This is one continuous story, so this part may not make a great deal of sense unless you have read the previous Chapters. 

This story is a fantasy, containing hypnotism, lesbian love and sex, a bald woman, piercings, some strong BDSM, watersports and young girls. All the girls are adults. If this is not for you, please do not read it. It is long and complex, but enjoyable, I hope. - TheDurangoKid 

(Joanna is still under Carla's hypnotic control and she was just whipped soundly at the end of Chapter 2. They are staying at Kim's house.) 

The next morning, Carla and Joanna got up and administered their enemas and took showers. Carla noticed that Joanna's marks were fading dramatically. 

"How are you feeling?" Carla asked? 

"Not too bad, I guess. Probably be OK tomorrow. Marks are mostly gone. That was quite an experience." 

"OK, then. Morning wakeup tomorrow. I will look forward to it." 

"Me, too," Joanna said, with a wry smile. 

They went to the kitchen to get some breakfast. Kim's naked cook was frying bacon and every so often, she would jump a bit, when she got hit with some hot grease. Carla and Joanna ordered bacon and eggs with hash browns and toast. Joanna was still getting used to having something other than a hamburger patty, so she enjoyed the breakfast. Kim walked in and asked Joanna how she was feeling. Joanna said she was doing all right. Kim thanked Joanna for helping her at her performance. Joanna said that if it were all the same to Kim, next time could she get someone else? Kim just laughed. Carla asked who was coming tonight and when would she be required? Kim said there were a few guys from some of the hotels that were going to drop by for some cocktails.

"What would guys want with me? You do remember I am a lesbian, don't you?" 

"Me, too, sweetie. I told them about your decorations and they wanted to look at you. They will be here about 7 o'clock." 

"OK. I don't really have anything else to do. Oh, by the way, Joanna and I wanted to try to get together with our friend, Pat. Would tomorrow be all right for that?" 

"After you do this for me tonight, I am through asking you for favors, so it is all right with me." 

"Good, I will call her now to make arrangements." 

Carla called Pat, who was happy to hear from her and wanted to get together. She was free all day tomorrow and they could meet and have lunch and go sightseeing. She would meet them in the lobby of the MGM Grand at 10 o'clock. Carla spent most of the day by the pool. Around 5 o'clock, Kim came by and said that Carla should be getting ready. "You will want to take an enema and take a shower and maybe put your hair in a ponytail. Put on your polka dot 'panties.' Meet me here at 6:45." 

Consuela helped Kim bring the "horse" out to the pool area. The "horse" looks almost like a padded sawhorse with a wider top rail. A person is laid on it straddling the top rail, which is wide enough to comfortably lay on - perhaps 12 inches or so. There are supports on one end for feet, almost like stirrups, where the feet can be secured in place. The arms are secured at the front below the rail. This device is used to spank people or have anal intercourse or oral sex or some combination. Kim made sure the "horse" was not in the direct sun and waited for Carla to return. 

When Carla returned, Consuela came back out and she and Kim put the cuffs on Carla's wrists and ankles. Then they laid her on the "horse" with her ass sticking out over the end of the device. They fastened her feet to the supports on the lower part of the back of the device and fastened her wrists to the lower part of the front of the device. Kim said, "Carla, you are doing me a big favor. I will owe you and if I ever come back I will repay you. But you are resilient and by tomorrow morning you will not even remember tonight." With that she opened Carla's mouth and inserted a metal ring that went between Carla's teeth so she could not close her mouth, nor could she talk. Then Kim took Carla's ponytail and tied a rope to it. She put a belt around Carla's waist and tied the rope to it, tight enough that Carla was forced to hold her head up. Kim was nervous and hoped that the 25 guys she expected were not going to cause any trouble. She had Joanna stationed near the pool area, but that was only one woman. The doorbell rang. 

Kim directed the men out to the pool area and showed them that Carla was ready to please them, should they wish. She had Consuela and her cook serve drinks. By 7:30 all the guests had arrived and some of them were drinking hard. Several of the men had already used Carla's mouth and asshole. She was not happy, but not terribly unhappy, either. She was relatively comfortable and the men were very quick to come. She didn't mind the taste; she had given many a blowjob to her dates before she realized she was a lesbian. She was not a big fan of anal sex, but wearing the butt plug had made her hole big enough that there was no pain from the penetrations. There were several loads of cum in her ass that were leaking out, but that was not a big deal. The ring gag wouldn't let her close her mouth and was big enough for a dick to get through it into her mouth. She was drooling, but that could not be helped. Carla thought that if she ever got Kim in a similar situation, she would make her do something like this, but she was not going to waste her time seeking payback. She kind of relaxed. If she could have laid her head down she would have dozed off. 

The party was supposed to last until 9. At 8:30, Carla heard Kim yell, "Get your hands off me, you asshole." 

A man's voice said, "C'mon, bitch, I want some of your ass now." And he grabbed Kim's dress and ripped it off her. Kim screamed and a couple of men said, "Cool it, Herb. She said 'No'." 

Herb said, "Bullshit. She wants our business; let her give us something for it." 

By that time, Joanna had arrived with a robe for Kim and told Herb to leave. He said, "Who is going to make me leave? You?" And he started to grab at Joanna. Joanna ducked his arms and kicked him on the side of his knee, popping both his anterior and posterior cruciate ligaments. Herb would limp for the rest of his life. Kim knew which hotel Herb worked for and, as it happened, the Senior VP of the hotel was one of Kim's subs, so Herb would be limping and out of a job. Kim told the other men that Herb would be fired tomorrow and that they should make sure that he did not get a job at their hotel. She also told them that she was calling the police and that the video she had taken would show that Herb attacked Kim and Joanna, so Herb was essentially dead meat. She called 911, the cops arrived and took Herb and the video. Carla had been released and she was complaining that she didn't get to help kick the guy's ass. Carla had Joanna suck the sperm out of her ass, so it wouldn't leak on the carpet. 

The excitement over, Carla and Joanna went to the bathroom, where Carla and Joanna brushed their teeth. Carla and Joanna went to bed. Carla was awakened by Joanna with the morning wakeup. Very nice. Time to get up. They went to the bathroom and did their enemas and cleaned their butt plugs and showered. Kim's cook fixed them waffles with pure maple syrup and coffee. Now to get dressed and go meet Pat. Joanna put on their 'panties' and bells and a nice sundress and got a cab to the MGM Grand to meet Pat. 

Pat was glad to see them and marveled at how good Joanna looked. She was intrigued by their 'panties' and bells and she saw that they had progressed to 2½ inch butt plugs. Over lunch, Pat confided in Carla and Joanna that she had discovered that she was attracted to women and wondered if Carla and Joanna would let her lick their pussies. They said, of course they would, but where would they do it? Pat said she had a nice apartment a few blocks from here, so they went there and got undressed. Pat was still mesmerized by Joanna's slim body. And the 'panties' were much nicer to look at when the women were naked. 

Carla and Joanna had to remove their 'panties' in order for Pat to eat them. Pat licked Joanna first and Carla licked Pat while she did so. Pat worked on Joanna's butt plug while she licked her pussy. Carla gave Joanna permission to cum and Joanna exploded in Pat's mouth. Pat was getting close to cumming, as she moved over to lick Carla's pussy. Joanna took over on Pat's pussy. Pat played with Carla's butt plug and nibbled on her clit and stuck her fingers into her pussy. Carla came quickly and Pat herself came a few seconds behind her. The three women basked in the afterglow of their orgasms. Pat told them she was going to graduate soon and that she had interviewed with the government about a job and she was hopeful that she would get it. Carla and Joanna said they hoped she got what she wanted. Then Carla said that they had a choice: eat each other now or get lunch and eat each other later. Which would it be? 

They decided on lunch at Bellagio. They got a seat by the window to watch the fountains and had a nice lunch: tomatoes with balsamic vinegar and tuna salad plate for Carla and Joanna and Caesar salad with chicken for Pat. Then it was back to Pat's place to lick each other again. Carla and Joanna laid Pat on her bed and both worked on her, one licking her pussy while the other sucked on her nipples. Carla licked Pat's asshole until Pat cried out that she was cumming. Then they started all over again. Pat was in heaven. She was new to Sapphic sex and had not been treated to multiple orgasms before. Most of her partners wanted Pat to give the orgasms. Carla and Joanna were giving Pat the orgasms. Pat definitely preferred it this way. She moaned and writhed in pleasure. She came again and the women started on her again. Pat wondered how many times she could come. She got to four orgasms, when Carla and Joanna had to go back to Kim's house. Pat thanked them and said that she owed them a few orgasms. The women said not to worry. There is always next time. 

They got a cab and Carla called to arrange for the plane to take them back tomorrow, Friday. They would leave at 10 AM and be home about 2 PM. Carla called her mother and told her they would be home at 2 o'clock. When they got to Kim's house, they told her they were leaving tomorrow and thanked her for letting them stay at her house. Kim said that it was her pleasure. When they got up to their room, Carla gave Joanna the instructions Kim wanted. And then they showered and took a nap. 

They awoke at 6 PM and went down for dinner. The cook had prepared smoked salmon and capers, a favorite meal of Carla's, and had picked a very nice Chardonnay to go with it. When they finished dinner, they sat by the pool for a few minutes and then went to bed to rest for their return trip home. 

They arrived back home at 2:15 and went to find Virginia. She was in the playroom with Brittany. They were both naked and Virginia was licking Brittany's pussy. Brittany looked at Carla and said, "I know you want to do your mother, Carla. Here is her asshole, if you want to lick it." 

Carla allowed as how she would pass for now, but thanks. She told her mother, "Mom, I would like to talk with you whenever you have time. I'll be in the bedroom." 

Virginia said, "It's OK, Carla, go ahead and talk." 

Carla told Joanna to go ahead and take a nap and she would be up in a few minutes. Joanna left and Carla told her mother that she was getting ready to begin Joanna's punishment for being such an asshole. On Monday, she was going to take Joanna out on a leash and show her off to some of her old friends to see what the reaction was. If it was what she expected, Joanna was not going to be happy, but Carla would enjoy it. Virginia told Carla that Joanna was a good person underneath and not to be irreparably nasty to her. Carla chuckled and told her mother that she wouldn't. Brittany asked Carla if she wanted to lick her mother's pussy. Carla said not right now, but thanks. Brittany told Virginia to ask Carla if she wanted Mommy to lick her pussy. Virginia asked Carla, "Do you want Mommy to lick your pussy, darling?" Carla had wanted to be her mother's lover for years and she could not pass this up. "Yes, Mommy," she said. 

Virginia crawled over to Carla and lifted her skirt and said, "You have to remove the ribbon." 

"Oh, you mean my 'panties'," laughed Carla. She took the ribbon out of the grommets and Virginia began licking her pussy. "You are good, Mommy. An excellent pussy licker." Carla did not last long and her orgasm was strong. "Do you want to lick Mommy, now, darling?" Carla could hardly leave without returning the favor, so she gave her mother an oral orgasm. "Did Mommy like that?" she asked. "Oh, yes, Mommy loved it. Thanks, sweetie." Carla went to her bedroom, where she crawled in bed with Joanna and fell asleep. 

Joanna and Carla slept through the night. Carla woke up to Joanna giving her the morning wakeup routine. They had their enemas and took their showers and put on their makeup and went out to meet the day. Martha fixed them a nice breakfast. Then Carla went back up to the room to check out what clothes Joanna had that would still fit. It turned out there was not much. So, they got dressed and went out. Carla needed to make sure she had everything she needed to begin implementation of her plan on Monday. She needed a nice dog collar and a matching leash. And she needed some nice dresses for Joanna. Light one piece dresses, so if she needed to take off her clothes there would only be one piece to remove. Carla looked for shoes, also. Some of the old shoes would fit, but they might not go with her new dresses, so they bought some new shoes. 

They spent most of the day shopping and got home in time for dinner. They took their purchases up to their room and Joanna undressed. They went down for dinner. Virginia and Brittany were there, both nude. Carla noticed that Virginia was nude almost all the time now. Carla and Martha were the only ones dressed. Martha had fixed beef stroganoff on rice, one of Carla's favorites. After dinner, Carla and Joanna went into the living room and were checking out the TV shows. Virginia and Brittany came in. Virginia said, "Brittany, may I lick your asshole?" 

"Of course, my love," Brittany said, with what looked to Carla like a smirk. Carla was curious about their relationship. It almost seemed like Brittany was the dominant one of the two. She hoped her mother was happy. 

Virginia had dropped to her hands and knees and crawled over to Brittany and was using her head to nudge Brittany's ass into position for licking it. When Brittany was positioned, Virginia stuck out her tongue and licked Brittany's tight little hole. Then she poked her tongue into Brittany's asshole and began tongue-fucking her. Brittany was enjoying the action. She pressed her butt back into Virginia's face and wiggled her ass all over Virginia's face. Carla's mother put her fingers into Brittany's pussy and moved them in and out. Brittany moaned and started pinching her own clit. The combined effects of all this stimulation caused Brittany to cum with a soft moan. Her juices dripped from her pussy down onto the couch and Brittany had Virginia lick them up so there would not be a stain. 

Carla and Joanna could not find anything good on TV, so they said good night and went to their room. Carla told Joanna to seduce her: kiss her and fondle her and suck and lick her. Joanna kissed Carla softly, letting her tongue lightly touch Carla's lips, then sticking her tongue farther into Carla's mouth and running it across her teeth and tongue. She held Carla's breast and gently squeezed it, moving her fingers to the nipple and pinching it with increasing intensity. She moved her mouth down Carla's body following her hands which were already between Carla's legs, tracing the path up Carla's slit to her clit. Joanna's mouth reached Carla's clit and bit it sharply, then licked it softly. She licked Carla's labia and sucked on them. She stuck four fingers into Carla's asshole. Joanna could smell Carla's arousal. She was glad each time Carla told her to lick her pussy. She kept licking her slit. Then she turned up the heat. She sucked on Carla's clit and stuck her fingers into Carla's pussy. Carla came with a strong orgasm, giving Joanna plenty of cum to smell and taste. 

Carla brought Joanna's head up to hers and kissed her, using her tongue erotically, licking her lips and tongue, while her hands wandered over Joanna's breasts. Carla pinched Joanna's nipples and leaned over to suck on one nipple, while her hands fondled Joanna's cunt. Joanna was breathing harder, already aroused by servicing Carla and further aroused by Carla's ministrations to her sensitive sexual parts. Carla moved her mouth down to Joanna's pussy and licked her slit and labia, nibbling on her clit, licking her asshole and tongue-fucking her. Carla sucked on her slit, biting her clit and pulling it hard with her teeth. Joanna was hot and really needed to cum, but she could not cum until Carla allowed it. Her post-hypnotic instructions were solidly ingrained now after all the repetitions. She moaned and writhed and begged Carla to please let her cum. Carla said not yet and sucked harder on Joanna's clit. Then she ran her tongue down the groove of Joanna's slit flicking her tongue back and forth. Joanna's was moaning louder now and begged Carla again to please let her cum. Carla finally told Joanna to cum and she had a comprehensive orgasm and let out a low scream. Carla eagerly licked up all the cum from Joanna's pussy and stomach and thighs. She could not get enough of the sweet tasting juice. Carla again thought it to be strange. Carla and Joanna cuddled and went to sleep. 

The next day was Sunday and they slept in until almost 11. They did the morning wakeup, the enemas, the plug cleaning, the shower and plug insertion, the tooth brushing and then went to see Martha about brunch. After brunch, Carla read the paper and decided to go ahead and run now, instead of waiting. Carla and Joanna ran on the treadmills, nude as usual, for an hour, then worked on the heavy bags for another 30 minutes. They were both sweaty when Joanna started licking Carla's pussy. Working out had made Carla feel kind of horny and she was ready for Joanna to make her cum. Joanna moved from her pussy to her belly, licking the sweat off Carla's body. Both women thought this was sensual. Joanna licked up Carla's stomach to her breasts and then over to lick her armpits. Carla was becoming extremely aroused by this licking of her sweaty places. When Joanna moved back to Carla's pussy and clit, it was over. Carla had a good, strong orgasm. The women went to shower and get ready for dinner. 

Before dinner they went down to the living room. Virginia and Brittany were there when they arrived. Virginia was on her knees licking Brittany's pussy, her ass waving in the air. Brittany told Carla that she should tell Joanna to make Virginia cum by licking her asshole. Carla thought that was a nice thought and told Joanna to do that. It was nice watching the two sisters together, with Joanna's tongue in Virginia's asshole. Virginia started squirming around from arousal from Joanna's work on her asshole. She pushed her tongue into her sister's asshole and pulled it back out. In and out. In and out. Joanna thought Virginia's asshole felt pretty relaxed. Almost as relaxed as Carla's, but Carla had been using butt plugs. Oh, well. It probably made her feel better. She stuck three fingers into Virginia's pussy. Virginia was moaning into Brittany's pussy. And then she came. She managed to keep her mouth on Brittany's pussy, but her body shuddered and shook and her moaning continued. She must have transferred some of the sensations from her orgasm through her mouth, because Brittany came at that time, with a yell. She grabbed Virginia's head and pulled it sharply into her pussy, rubbing her face in her cum juices. When she calmed down, she patted Virginia on the head and left the room. Virginia was left lying on the floor, smiling. 
