 This is part two of the story of Carla and her Aunty Jo. This is one continuous story, so this part may not make a great deal of sense unless you have read the previous Chapters.

This story contains hypnotism, lesbian love and sex, a bald woman, piercings, some strong BDSM, watersports and young girls. All the girls are adults. If this is not for you, please do not read it. It is long and complex, but enjoyable, I hope. - TheDurangoKid

*

Carla and Joanna were by themselves. It was 2:30 PM. They were in Vegas at the MGM Grand in a nice suite. Joanna was still under Carla's hypnotic control. They showered and ordered room service. Joanna got another hamburger patty and cottage cheese. Carla got a grilled chicken sandwich. At 4:30, they ran on the treadmills. Joanna was starting to get used to Carla's sweaty, yet tasty, pussy. They showered and lay down on the bed and watched a chick flick together. Carla reminded Joanna about the wake up tomorrow and they went to sleep cuddled together.

Joanna woke Carla in the usual way at 8:00. Joanna drank Carla's morning piss and then licked her pussy until she came. Carla was getting used to this. After she came, she went to the bathroom to do toothpaste and makeup. Joanna did the same. They ordered coffee and toast. While they waited for room service, Carla called her Mom and told her she would be here for three weeks, so if Virginia wanted to come out, Carla would be here. Carla also asked her to talk with the people at the bank about setting it up to pay Joanna's and Carla's bills and, if Virginia wanted, to pay hers as well. Virginia thanked Carla, told her they probably wouldn't come out and that she would talk with the bankers.

Carla had loaned her former girlfriend, Kim, $600,000 so that she could buy a beauty salon. At 9:00, Kim called with the routing info for the owner of the salon and the account number and bank name for Kim's account at home. Carla called the bank and authorized the wire transfers and told them to call her when the wires were sent. Carla thanked them for their assistance and hung up. Unless something went wrong, she was done for the day.

Room service showed up then and delivering the coffee was a cute young staffer. Carla told Joanna to see if the girl would like to cum. It turned out she would and Joanna took care of it for her. They thanked the girl for the coffee and she thanked Joanna for the orgasm.

During the night, Carla had thought about getting Joanna some butt plugs and an enema kit, so Joanna could take an enema every morning and wear a butt plug all day. So they got dressed and went to ask the concierge where the best adult novelty shop was. She told them the best shop was "Adult Vegas" and it was just down the Strip. Since it was not too hot yet, they decided to walk. When they reached the store, they went in and started looking around. Neither of them had been in an adult store, so they saw a lot of things they did not recognize. They knew about vibrators and dildos, but not many other things. Carla didn't know why she wanted butt plugs; she had never seen one and couldn't find any on the shelves. There were costumes, lingerie, huge dildos, clamps and all sorts of things. They could not find any butt plugs.

Carla didn't want to make this an adventure, so she went ahead and asked the clerk, who was a young woman named Pat, according to her name tag, where the butt plugs were. She asked them what they were going to use them for. Maintenance or training or what? Carla said training and the girl said they had sets of butt plugs in increasing size, so you could start out small and build up as you get used to it. Carla thought that was a great idea. So Pat got a set of plugs and showed Carla how to use them. As Pat turned to ring up the sale, Carla surprised herself, by telling Pat she wanted two sets. She also asked about enema kits. Pat said they had a nice set for $30. Carla bought two kits. The clerk suggested some lube for the plugs and Carla said add it in. She gave Pat the credit card and they took their purchases and went back to the hotel.

When they got to the room, Joanna undressed and Carla did as well. Carla told Joanna that she had never tried an enema or a butt plug, so she was going to do this along with Joanna. So they went to the bathroom and Carla watched Joanna fill the enema bag and stick the tube up her ass and let the soapy water in. She then removed the tube and held it for a few minutes and then sat on the toilet and let the fluid out of her ass. Then she repeated the procedure and noted that the water was pretty clear, so she didn't need another repeat. Then she took the smallest plug and applied lube to it and stuck it up her asshole. It didn't want to go, so she had to shove it harder than she had thought she would. Finally it slipped past the shoulder on the plug and went right in. Joanna's ass felt full and it was slightly uncomfortable, but it was not too bad. Carla did everything that Joanna had done and in a few minutes, both women had their new butt plugs in their asses. Carla thought it was not too bad, but she wondered why she thought it was such a great idea to do it with Joanna. Oh, well. She guessed she could take it out if it got too bad.

They ordered lunch. Joanna had 5 ounces of tuna fish and a tomato again and Carla had a BLT. When room service arrived, the server was another young lady. She looked at Joanna and asked, "Are going to make me cum?" Obviously word had gotten around about the bald chick in the suite. Carla told Joanna to help the young lady out. Joanna helped her out and they all said their thanks and Carla and Joanna ate their lunch. After lunch they sat out by the pool. At 4:00, they ran on the treadmills and they learned that running with a butt plug was an unusual sensation. Not painful, just unusual. After exercise, Joanna made Carla cum, and they kissed and slipped and slid around on their slick tummies. Joanna was aroused and Carla could smell it. Such a nice aroma.

They took showers and went back out to the pool. Carla told Joanna to call the concierge to see what shows are available in Vegas that Carla would want to see. The shows ranged from Olivia Newton-John to Elton John, with at least two Cirque du Soliel shows in different hotels. There also shows with David Copperfield, Penn and Teller and several Elvis impersonators. Nothing jumped out at Carla. Maybe tomorrow night something will sound good.

Time for dinner. Joanna got a hamburger patty and cottage cheese, while Carla went with the ribeye steak and steak fries. Carla asked Joanna if she wanted a glass of wine and Joanna said she would love a "nice Cab." Carla agreed so they each got a glass of wine with dinner. Carla asked Joanna if she wanted to bet on whether the server would be a young lady and if so, would she want to cum and Joanna said it would be stupid to bet against a sure thing. Turns out she was right: A young lady brought the food and she wanted to cum. Joanna obliged her and then they ate.

They watched a little bit of CSI and went to bed. Carla let Joanna have two strong multiple orgasms. The bed shook as Joanna came and came. When she calmed down, she cuddled with Carla and went to sleep. Carla followed shortly.

At 8 AM, Joanna woke Carla with the usual treatment. Carla went to the bathroom, pulled out the butt plug, cleaned it off, gave herself an enema, showered and took the next larger butt plug from the set and lubed it. She tried to insert it, but this one was slightly bigger. She looked at the small plug and saw that it was 1 inches and the next larger plug was 1½ inches. That would mean the third plug in the set was 2 inches. She would have to go get another, larger plug if she wanted to get to 2½ inches. Well, they had plenty of time to get them. She turned her attention to inserting the new plug. She could get it to go in if she pushed steadily, but slowly. It finally slipped over the shoulder and settled in place. It was only ½ inch bigger, but her ass felt a lot fuller. Carla actually thought it felt pretty good. She was glad she had decided to get them. Meanwhile, Joanna was going through the same drill to get her old plug out and the new one inserted. She was not complaining, either.

They ordered coffee and toast for breakfast. "Creatures of habit," Carla thought, bemused. Room service seemed to be getting quicker. It was only 10 minutes and the young lady was at the door with their order. "I presume you want your tip?" Carla asked the girl.

"Yes, please," she squeaked.

"Aunty Jo, please give the young lady her tip."

The server actually collapsed on the floor during her climax. Carla helped her up and gave her a sip of coffee. They thanked each other and the girl left. Carla and Joanna ate breakfast. Carla asked, "Do you want to get a limo and drive around? We could go out on the Extra-Terrestrial Highway to see Area 51 and the other UFO stuff out there."

"I wouldn't mind driving up and down the Strip, but I don't want to go out in the desert."

"What about a trip to Hoover Dam? We could even go over to the Grand Canyon, if you wanted to make it an overnight trip."

"Yeah. Hoover Dam might be interesting. Let's do it."

They called for a limo and dressed for the trip. Joanna had to be careful of sunburn on her head, which had never been bare since she was an infant. She wore a floppy hat to keep the sun off. The desk called to tell them their limo was here and they went off to see Hoover Dam. The trip is less than an hour and Hoover Dam looked like all the pictures they had seen. They went to the gift shop and got little salt and pepper shakers that said "Hoover Dam" on them. Then back to the room for lunch.

Joanna undressed and they ordered lunch; Joanna got her hamburger patty and cottage cheese, while Carla got a tuna salad sandwich. Room service took no time to be delivered. Amazing what a little incentive can do for service. The young girl who delivered the food was already flushed and they could smell the arousal on her. Carla said, "I'm sorry, but my friend cannot lick any more pussies." They laughed at the expression on the poor girl's face. Carla told her they were just kidding and Joanna licked her until she came and everyone was happy. They ate their lunch and Carla undressed and they went out by the pool and enjoyed the view. Carla reminded Joanna that since she had made the room service girl cum, she could masturbate herself to a cum. And Joanna did so.

At 4 o'clock, they ran on the treadmills. They were good and sweaty when they finished and Joanna licked Carla and then they slipped and slid on each other's bellies. They were having fun and even laughing. Carla thought it was a strange revenge trip where everyone is happy. But, she told Joanna to have a couple of strong orgasms. When she came, Carla could smell her aroma. Enticing, she thought. They ordered dinner and tipped the serving girl and went to bed.

The next few days were uneventful. They got lots of really good room service and tipped lots of very helpful girls and learned more about Vegas. The only thing different was that they left the 2 inch butt plug in for a week before moving up to the 2½ inch plug, which would be even harder to insert and which they planned to leave in for a couple days a week. When Saturday rolled around, they went to Belle Starr's for their hair removal treatment. She shaved them and creamed them and rinsed them and told them to come back next week and they went back to their room.

Sunday began as usual: wakeup routine and enemas and replace butt plugs. A quick breakfast, with a tip for room service. Then off to see Kenneth for the first piercings. Before they went into Kenneth's studio, Carla instructed Joanna that Kenneth would mark and measure all the places on her body for piercings and he would put the forceps onto the location, but that Joanna would actually do the piercing herself. She told Joanna that each piercing would seem incredibly painful; more painful than anything Joanna had ever suffered, but that Joanna would not move a muscle, merely bear the pain. And the pain would diminish quickly to a bearable level. Carla would give Joanna a low level orgasm to help her withstand the unpleasant sensations. Then Kenneth would prepare for the next piercing and the pain would be excruciating again, but would diminish just as the last one had and her orgasm would help her stand it. This would happen for each piercing. Joanna would not move during any piercing and she would not make a sound during the whole process.

When they met with Kenneth, Carla told him that she had decided to have the exact same piercings on her body as Joanna was getting. Kenneth said that would not be a problem for these piercings, but needed to order extra supplies for the labia piercings if Carla wanted those as well. Carla said she did want the whole package. Kenneth showed Carla and Joanna the jewelry samples he had. He had heavy gauge rings, 1 inch in diameter for the nipples and belly button and ½ inch for the clit hood. Carla said that Joanna was so tall that the nipple rings should be 1½ inches. And, Carla wanted the same sizes for her jewelry. Kenneth told Joanna to undress and lie on the table so they could get started.

Kenneth explained the process. He used of a forceps-like instrument with holes in the gripping pads of the tongs. The forceps would grip the nipple and then the piercing needle would be inserted through the holes in the pads and through the nipple. Then the jewelry would be inserted into the hole in the needle and pulled back through the hole in the nipple and left in the nipple. Kenneth said that since they were going to use such heavy gauge jewelry, he was going to use carbon fiber bar-bells to keep the holes open while they healed. The jewelry is heavy enough to put pressure on the unhealed hole and he didn't want that to happen.

Kenneth twisted and pinched Joanna's right nipple to make it erect and hard. Then Kenneth swabbed Joanna's nipple with alcohol and iodine and placed the tips of the forceps on it in the exact position he wanted. Then he handed Joanna the needle to do the piercing. It was a large gauge needle for the large gauge hole it was to make. Joanna aimed the needle and pushed it through her nipple. She felt intense pain in her nipple, but she did not move or scream or stop pushing until the needle was completely through the nipple. Then the look on her face went from one of pain to one of relief and calm. She was sweating, but she would make it, it seemed. Kenneth inserted the carbon-fiber place holder bar bell into the end of the needle and pulled it back out, bringing the bar bell into place into the hole in Joanna's nipple.

They repeated the procedure on her left nipple. Then Kenneth put the antiseptics on Joanna's belly button, with the pads of the forceps in a vertical position so the piercing would be horizontal. Joanna pushed the needle through the skin and the pain almost made her pass out, but she held on and recovered quickly. Kenneth put the bar bell into place in her belly button. They did the same for Joanna's clit hood, ending up with the bar bell residing in a horizontal hole in her clit hood. Joanna was through. For today, anyway. She got out of the chair and Kenneth gave her a bottle of water. She went over to a chair and sat down, wiping the sweat from her face. She looked at the four pieces of carbon fiber sticking out of her body.

Kenneth turned to Carla and told her to undress and lie on the table. Carla did so, but not before she wondered why she was doing this. The idea had just come to her and it seemed like the right thing to do, but she hadn't thought to do it until they arrived at the studio. Oh, well. It will look hot, she thought. Carla then reminded Kenneth that she wanted to pierce herself as Joanna had. Kenneth shook his head, but it had worked for Joanna, so why not?

Kenneth twisted and pinched Carla's right nipple to make it erect and hard. Then Kenneth swabbed Carla's nipple with alcohol and iodine and placed the tips of the forceps on it in the exact position he wanted. Then he handed Carla the needle to do the piercing. It was a large gauge needle for the large gauge hole it was to make. Carla aimed the needle and pushed it through her nipple. She felt intense pain in her nipple, but she did not move or scream or stop pushing until the needle was completely through the nipple. Geez, the pain was intense. Nothing she had ever felt before could come close. Then the intensity of the pain lowered and she could bear it, at least. Then she felt a familiar warm feeling flow though her pussy. She felt like she was cumming. It felt good.

They repeated the procedure on her left nipple. Then Kenneth put the antiseptics on Carla's belly button, with the pads of the forceps in a vertical position so the piercing would be horizontal. Carla pushed the needle through the skin and the pain almost made her pass out, but she held on and recovered quickly. Kenneth put the bar bell into place in her belly button. They did the same for Carla's clit hood, ending up with the bar bell residing in a horizontal hole in her clit hood. Carla was through. For today, anyway. She got out of the chair and Kenneth gave her a bottle of water. She went over to a chair and sat down, wiping the sweat from her face. She looked at the four pieces of carbon fiber sticking out of her body.

Carla and Joanna got dressed and called a cab to take them back to the hotel. Kenneth said he would see them in two weeks. He neglected to tell them that the labial piercings were much bigger and would hurt more. Why worry them?

When they got back to the hotel, they were not hungry and they laid down for a nap. At about 1 o'clock, room service called to see if they were OK. They said they were and would order dinner later today. They did not exercise that day.

On Monday, after their morning routines and breakfast and tipping room service, they returned to the Adult Vegas store to buy a couple of bigger butt plugs. Pat told them they needed to leave a 2½ inch plug in for about a week. However, after you become acclimated to the size, you should only wear the plug a couple of days a week or your butt hole will get permanently stretched. She offered to come to their room to show them how to insert the bigger plugs and how to make them feel better. She could come over after her shift was over. Carla told her to come over at 6:30 for dinner and gave her the room number.

They got back to the suite and undressed and sat out by the pool for awhile. The piercings were tender. Kenneth had given them some topical anesthetic cream and antiseptic cream to use on the wounds. At noon, Carla called room service for lunch. Joanna got 5 ounces of tuna fish and a tomato; Carla got a Caesar salad. Room service arrived in 5 minutes this time. But, this time, Carla thought she should check out the young lady from room service, so she gave the tip. As she licked up and down the slit of the girl, Carla thought how sweet these young kids taste. Maybe she would give the tips from now on.

At 4 o'clock, they ran on the treadmill. They ran gingerly, because the nipple piercings didn't like to be moved very much. They learned how to run faster without disturbing Kenneth's work, but they still ran slower than before. But they still worked up a good sweat. And, Carla thought she would see how a sweaty pussy tasted, by performing the post-exercise cunt sucking this time. She thought Joanna tasted nice and tangy. The salty taste of the sweat added to the flavor. She had to be careful not to touch Joanna's clit piercing, but she was able to get her off, mainly by pulling and pushing on Joanna's butt plug, which Joanna seemed to enjoy.

They showered and went back out by the pool. Joanna was getting some tan on her formerly hair-covered areas. And Carla was sure she could tell that Joanna had lost some weight. There were indications of a waist amid all the flab. It had only been two weeks. Once the weight started to drop off, it would go quickly. Probably about the time they got back home.
