 This story is copyright 2003 of destinie21

Please don't view this story if you are under the age of 18 or if otherwise prohibited by local law.

Enjoy...

Please send feedback and vote.

* * * * *

I was exhausted after four days of sexual antics, I needed to rest. I ate a sandwich and took a quick shower before turning in for the night. When I woke the next morning I wanted to do something special for Madison, as it was our last official day together. I had no idea what I could do though. 

I usually wasn't one to get all-sentimental after a few fucks, then again up until this week I wasn't one to hop into bed with my teachers either. I got out of bed and went to my closet, it was filled to capacity and yet I had nothing to wear. 

God when had my wardrobe become so predictably pop star chic? I had some outfits that I knew Madison would adore but I had no desire to get suspended for breaking dress code. I wandered into my father's room and walked into his closet taking a pair of black suspenders and a black sports coat before heading back to my room. I decided on a pair of black shorts that bordered on indecent and a fitted button down white shirt. Not even bothering with underwear I slipped into the shorts and a black bra. Then the shirt. I connected the suspenders and tried on the coat. The rest of the outfit was fine but the coat was vetoed, simply because it I looked like a kid playing dress-up. I returned it to my father's closet and took a black silk necktie instead. Putting the tie on I checked myself out in the mirror. 

Perfect. 

Back in my room I put on a pair of black shoes with a pointed toe and an ankle strap. The shoes were very high and they had no back. I figured by the end of the day my feet would hurt like hell but it would be worth it. My legs looked damn good and it looked like this was the outfit I'd be wearing. I brushed my hair into a severe looking ponytail and braided it. Generally I didn't bother with make up but today I outlined my eyes dramatically and applied a dark maroon lipstick. In the end I looked like a dominatrix on her day off. I grabbed my school bag and left the house. I was at school by ten after seven and in the classroom by five minute later. I was surprised to see that Madison wasn't there. In her place was a blond woman. She looked at me as I entered the classroom. I didn't bother introducing myself instead I asked her "Where's Ms. Santos."

"She's not here today I'm Miss..."

Before I could catch her name I was out the door.

I headed instead to the computer lab. Seating myself at a computer I quickly logged in and went to the school homepage. With barely any trouble at all I hacked through the crappy firewall and accessed the main office database. I found what I was looking for and closed the site. I remembered to logout and erase the history and cookies as well as the temporary Internet files before shutting down the system. Walking out of the school I returned to my car. Within Ten minutes I had reached my destination. Parking my car on the street I sat for a moment Then I dialed the number I had gotten from the computer. After One ring I hung up knowing it took two rings for caller I'd to register. I dialed the number again this time on the first ring she picked up. She had probably been standing by the phone. I hung up I just wanted to make sure she was home. Getting out of the car I made my way up the driveway and rang the bell. 

Madison opened the door and although she didn't look surprised she asked "what brings you by?"

"I was in the neighborhood"

"How'd you get my address?" As she said this she stepped back and allowed me to enter the house. 

"Phonebook." I replied after she closed the door

"Funny, I'm not listed."

"Imagine that."

Of course I didn't tell her that I'd looked even before this. I had known she wouldn't make it that easy anyway. 

She smiled as I took in her appearance she was wearing a blue satin robe that brushed her ankles and through the thin material I could tell she wore nothing underneath. Her hair fell naturally and she was drinking what smelled like a cup of coffee. 

"You really should be getting to school" She said turning to head deeper into the house. I followed her. Ignoring her statement 

I said "you know Madison, You really should work on your manners. Your people skills are horrible."

She turned raising her eyebrow. "Oh, and why don't you tell me why that is Corrin?"

"Well Madi, When a girl comes out of her way to see her favorite teacher, one would think she'd get a proper greeting."

Putting her cup down on the kitchen table she stepped closer to me. Our lips were inches apart and she whispered 

"Slut"

"Bitch" I said without even batting an eye

"That's my girl" she kissed me then. The feel of her lips always made me tingle. As she cupped my ass. I allowed myself the luxury of weighing her breasts in my hands. I could feel her nipples pucker beneath the silky material as I ran my fingers over them. 

She pulled away from the kiss although she still cradled my ass in her hands as I stroked her breasts. 

I was staring into her blue eyes as she unbuttoned my shorts, there was no teasing between us now, just the heavy blanket of lust. She slipped her fingers into me first one then another, as her thumb traced over my clit. She sent shudders from the roots of my hair to the soles of my feet, pushing hard and fasts into my slick cunt. I thrust my hips trying to move faster than her hand as she kept me strung out over the sharply pointed edges of orgasm. She was kissing my neck her breath sliding hotly over my skin as her free hand unbuttoned my shirt. Her lips found my nipple through the lacey material of my bra and I shivered as she tugged bit and teased me to the edge of climax. 

I pulled her closer begging. "Please Madison, oh God please." Still her fingers beat the too slow rhythm of sweet torment into my dripping sex. My cries weren't words anymore just broken breaths and sounds. Without warning she pulled her hand away, and stood leaving my cunt grasping for her absent fingers. 

"Consider yourself greeted." She smiled and sat at the table picking up a paper that had been there. She began to read after taking a sip of the coffee she had set down only moments before. If I hadn't been so frustrated I might have laughed. She was good. Damn good, but so was I. Before the day was over I'd make her pay for that. 

I grabbed a chair from the table facing it toward her. I took of my clothes and dropped them to the ground before seating myself in the chair. Madison hadn't so much as glanced my way but I knew she could see me out of the corner of her eye. I propped one foot on the edge of her chair just barely touching her with the tip of my shoe, and the other on the ground. 

I ran my hands over my breasts pinching the nipples hard before pulling them outward. I lifted one breast licking and tugging the nipple into my mouth as my other hand traced over my abdomen. My cunt was soaked and sensitive from Madison's touch. I gasped as I ran two fingers between my spread lips in an upward motion. My body jerked as my fingers met my clit. Working the flesh in fast circles I climaxed within moments. 

Madison still hadn't looked at me, and when I calmed she 

spoke. "Stop making a spectacle of yourself"

Her tone betrayed her words, her voice was filled with lust and even as she sat pretending to ignore me I could tell by the rise and fall of her breasts that her breathing was irregular. She was just as turned on as I was; probably even more so as she'd had no release. 

I took my feet and put them in her lap crossing them at the ankle. I pressed down a little putting light pressure on her pussy. 

"Move your feet." This time she did look at me. I smiled and moved my feet around on her lap purposely misinterpreting her words. She spread her legs slightly then tightened them again.

"That is not what I meant."

I didn't respond but I did stop moving around. I just let my feet rest in her lap. 

"Do you like my shoes?"

She didn't answer, just flipped the paper and continued to read. After a moment she ran her fingers over the tip of one of my shoes. She caressed my foot and ankle as he read. She actually seemed to be petting my shoes. For a while neither one of us said anything. For my part I was busy watching her and enjoying this new sensation. I had always found a good pair of high heels sexy but paid no special attention to the feet. I found that Madison's fingers running lightly over my feet were an immense turn on. 

Madison was actually reading the paper. I was beginning to understand that this was probably her routine and she seemed to be sending a message that I was welcome to stay but not to disrupt her. When she was done reading she folded the paper and placed it on the table, then pushing my feet gently to the ground she pushed her chair back and stood. Without a word she untied her robe and dropped it on the ground. The sight of her naked body still took my breath away. I stood as well, because I still had my shoes on I stood taller that her and she had to tilt her head slightly to kiss me. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and I sucked it gently causing her to moan. I ran my fingers over her body slowly tracing her curves. She was running her hands up my back and into my hair pulling me closer. Everywhere her fingers touched I felt little tingles as if she were some sort of electric charge. I couldn't get enough of her. Finally we separated breathless and flushed. She took my hand and led me to the staircase. I followed her admiring the view as she went up. 

Inside the bedroom she sat on her bed and held her arms out to me. Straddling her lap I asked.

"Did you know I'd be here today?"

"I suspected if I didn't show up you would."

Her fingers were in my hair undoing the braid and pulling the ponytail holder gently. My hair fell in waves down my back.

"why didn't you just give me your address or call me?"

"I wanted you to come to me all on your own."

"Like some sort of test?"

She shook her head, but offered no other response. After a few moments of silence I opened my mouth to question her but she placed her index finger over my lips.

"Drop it."

Never being one to let things drop I opened my mouth to say something more. Again She replaced her finger with her lips. After a brief kiss she looked into my eyes. "Drop it please."

I nodded "It's dropped."

She smiled again seeming relieved. She put her hand on the base of my neck and we kissed again. I was surprised how quickly my passion for her seemed to spin out of control. My hands wanted to consume all of her, and at the same time to savor this moment. What if this was the last time?

Before I could move she slipped her fingers easily into my wetness. I gasped as she moved her hand in short hard strokes. My hips rocked with the motion of her hand as my fingers gripped her bare shoulders. 

She pressed her thumb against my clit making my body tense with each stroke and wiggle of her fingers. She pressed he lips to mine and gripped my hair hard as I climaxed moaning and writhing against her.

She kept her hand inside of me neither of us moving as I calmed. I was content to just look into her eyes but after a moment she looked away. Even with all the sexual intimacy we had shared, looking in my eyes seemed to unsettle her.

I didn't think overmuch about the issue. Disengaging myself from her hand, I knelt before her. 

Madison spread her thighs willingly and I drank her in. Her scent surrounded me, and I could feel her liquid heat flowing from her center. Her juices coated my lips as I kissed her, spreading her lips and savoring her essence.

I pulled her clit in to my mouth sucking lightly as my tongue caressed the sensitive flesh. I could feel Madison tensing as her moans grew louder. I loved that she was so vocal, her cries spurred me on. I pushed first two, then three fingers into her cunt. Her muscles contracted around my fingers as I pulled her clit between my lips sucking harder. 

Her fingers gripped my head against her as her legs locked around my neck. I felt like I was suffocating in her warmth.

When she was spent she loosened her legs a bit I stayed where I was lightly licking and sucking her pussy. 

I wrapped my arms around her waist pulling her to me as I took her again.

Her hands clasped the bed sheets this time, the fabric was scrunched and abused by her clawing hands and still I let my tongue tease her. I wanted her to her to forget everything but this moment and my name. I pushed my index and middle fingers into her one crossed over the other rotating my wrist, as my tongue stroked her clit in a steady rhythm. We were both sweating and she was trembling with unspent passion. I was very near climaxing myself, just from the taste and feel of her. 

Madison was begging now. Pleading in short half sentences. She tried desperately to grind her cunt against my face but with each thrust of her hips I moved away a bit. Again I buried my face between her thighs as my hand moved faster when she was on the edge of climax; I moved my hand away and stood. 

With a smile on my face I told her 

"Turnabout is fair play"

Even with her eyes clouded with passion the look she gave me was enough to make my make my heart skip a beat, and for a fraction of a second my blood ran a little colder.

She stood, and it took all my will not to take a step backward as she advanced on me. She was standing close enough for me to feel the heat of her body. When her lips were no more than an inch from mine she spoke.

"Why would you think I was playing fair?"

She smiled and kissed me again this time more passionately. I opened up to her, already throwing caution to the wind. It crossed my mind that she was in all likelihood just toying with me. Still I knew when it came to Madison I was fighting a losing battle. The only important thing now is that I keep that fact from her.

I pulled her closer pressing my body fully against her. I could feel the slickness of her cunt against my thigh. I wanted to be able to step back and not want her, but I was to far gone for that. I was addicted to Madison and I needed a quick fix. My hands roved over her body and with each touch I let my nails graze her flesh lightly. 

Madison kissed my ear and her hot breath brushed my neck. This foreplay and teasing turned me on more than any quick fuck ever could. I wanted her in a way that I hadn't wanted anyone before. I knew that even my most experienced lovers had never bought me to this height of passion. Something about Madison made me want to fight her and give into her all at once.

Presently I had no inclination to fight Madison's hands as she rolled my nipples between her thumb and forefinger. The sensations she sent through my body were a delicious mixture of pleasure and pain. She tugged my nipples harder and the pain disappeared almost completely giving way to intense pleasure, that rolled through my body like a flash flood. 

I barely heard Madison's hot whispers, as she bent her head to kiss my neck. She kissed my neck gently and pulled the skin softly between her teeth. I didn't know if my legs could support me. She hadn't even touched my cunt yet but already I could feel the beginnings of an intense orgasm building in my body. It was a coil that wound tighter and tighter until the sheer will of her wet lips on my neck, and her soft fingertips on my breasts made the coil snap. I felt my tightening; grasping at nothing as Madison bowed her had and took my left nipple into her mouth. She bit and rolled it between her teeth roughly. I ran my fingers through her head and held her close to me. The sensations she lavished on me made me weak in the knees. I felt sure I would collapse. When I was spent I pulled her head up and kissed her face. Her forehead, cheeks ears, nose and finally her lips.

She relaxed against me and for once I had the feeling that she wasn't holding anything back. I ran my lip down her neck kissing her collarbone and her shoulder. I kissed the upper most part of he breasts before moving to kiss her arm. 

I felt rather than heard her gasp as I ran my tongue over the bend in her arm. Finally I bought her hand to my lips and licked each fingertip before pressing my lips to her palm. 

Madison was looking directly into my eyes as I pressed her hand to my lips. I held her gaze and saw something in her eyes that I'd never seen before. I saw her submit. All her defenses were down and the vulnerability in her eyes pulled me to her more strongly than her confidence and mind games had.

Despite all the sex and teasing she had never fully had me. Yet in an instant she had turned me out, with her eyes. In that moment I knew I would do anything for her, all she had to do was ask. I smiled and released her hand, letting my fingers graze the side of her face, before leading her to the bed. She sat and spread her legs willingly as I knelt before her. I took her left leg by the ankle and looking into her eyes I kissed her bare foot. I saw the surprise in her face, as my tongue caressed the arch of her delicate foot. I had never noticed by Madison's feet were sexy. From the tip of her pedicured toes to the sweet curve of her heels. I kissed each toe individually before moving to the other foot. My lips grazed her foot, gently; I had never kissed anyone's feet before never known that just the flex of the toes could turn me on. I dropped her foot and looked again to her eyes. They were so intensely blue that for a moment I paused, just to look at her. She smiled slowly as she let her foot caress my thigh. I loved the sensation but right now I wanted more than anything to make Madison come. I wanted to make her forget my earlier transgressions and have her panting my name again.

I moved my hand to catch her foot. I saw the question in her face but held her ankle fast. I ran my fingers up her legs and for the first time I realized she had dancers legs. They were so shaped by dance I could almost feel the Emboité leaps and pirouettes as I let my fingers caress the smooth brow skin and acquaint themselves with her smooth calves and thighs. 

I felt a bit of regret at the fact that I had been with her, fucked her, and touched her. Yet I hadn't really seen her. Hadn't appreciated the liquid smoothness of the body I desired so. I realized as I knelt before her, that I wanted to know her.

I wanted to know what made her catch her breath with lust and what were the exact steps to igniting her passions? More than that I wanted to know who she was as a person not just as a sexual escapade. 

I could feel the tears swimming in my eyes. I hadn't even known they were coming. They'd crept up on me with the stealth of a jungle cat stalking its prey. I lowered my eyes quickly; the last thing I needed was for Madison to see my feelings written so clearly across my face.

My mouth was on her thigh now. I let the air from my lips brush against her cunt. She gasped she was already wet and spread with anticipation. I buried my head between her thighs giving her a long open-mouthed lovers kiss. Her juices coated my lips as the tears fell from my eyes. I attacked her sex with a passionate vengeance. Licking sucking and tasting as I silently wept. My fingers drove into her, mirroring the racing beat of my heart. She arched her back and moaned my name as her orgasm rushed up to meet her bucking hips. Her hands were tangled in my sweaty hair and my lips caressed her pussy. I wasn't content I wanted more of her and I wanted more from her too. My lips retraced the path that led her to ecstasy and she let me take her there two more times before pushing me away. I rested my head on her stomach still not ready to look into her eyes. I was afraid she'd see my love as easily as I'd spotted her submission. 
