 Walking into the classroom I immediately shut the door and walked over to Ms. Santos desk. She was sitting there going over the next day’s lesson plan pretending not to notice me as usual.

I stood behind her chair and ran my fingers through her hair. Lightly grazing my nails over her scalp. She gasped as I tightened my grip on her hair and forcibly pulled her head to the side, kissing the long smooth column of her neck that was now exposed and running my free hand over her breasts.

“Aren’t you even going to say hello to me?”

I whispered running my tongue over her ear and tightening my grip on her hair 

She smiled and replied “ I don’t really think it’s necessary to greet someone who’s already felt me up.”

I loosened my grip on her hair and let it cascade down her back and motioned to the lesson plans saying

“ You may want to put those away before they get messed up.” 

She quickly complied and slipped the lesson onto a drawer as I sat on the desk spreading my legs showing her that I had once again discarded my panties and the only thing between her and my wet pussy was a thin strip of pubic hair.

I weaved my fingers into her hair and leaned down to kiss the lips that had been on my mind all day. While her lips and tongue were busy with my mouth her fingers were making their way up my legs to my drenched sex 

She slid her fingers up and down my slit slowly, avoiding my clit she pushed her two fingers into my pussy and slid in and out. 

Not wishing to be teased any longer I broke our kiss and spoke her given name for the first time looking directly into her eyes saying 

“Madison, please I need you.”

She moved her hand s to the top of my thighs and pulled me closer to the edge of the desk, pushing her chair back slightly. And all the while looking into my eyes  Smiling she lifted my skirt so that it was bunched at my hips saying 

“All you had to do was ask” 

With that she lifted my legs over her shoulders and buried her face in my steamy cunt, licking and sucking my sex that was spread like a blossoming pink rose before her.  Sensing that I was on the threshold of climax Madison pushed two fingers back into my cunt sliding in and out with increasing speed while running her tongue in tight circles around my clit finally sucking my little love button gently into her mouth.

That’s when I lost it, I could feel all the muscles in my body tightening and the walls of my pussy contracting around her probing fingers  

“Oh god, oh god mmmm.” 

Was all I could say over and over again, as what felt like gallons of come flowed from my already drenched pussy.

Madison lapped it all up like the pro that she obviously was and kept her fingers gently massaging the walls of my pussy until the last contraction had stopped.

I released her hair that I’d been holding in a death grip afraid that I might have been hurting her. She eased back into her chair that’s when I noticed that her free hand had been buried under the now open waistband of her skirt fingering her pussy. I could see that her fingers were still moving under the fabric and by the flush that was spreading over her face and neck I suspected she was very close to climaxing. As much as I would have loved to see her finger herself into orgasm I knew that “I owed her one” after all she had just given me the most intense climax of my life. And I was all too happy to return the favor.

I slid off the desk and straddled her in the chair, sliding my hand on top of hers I could feel the silky fabric of her panties on the back of my hand. It was obvious that the hosiery she had on was stockings due to the fact that I didn’t feel the nylon barrier that panty hose would have created. 

I pressed my hand insistently on top of hers; She relented and withdrew her hand putting her slick fingers up to my willing lips. While her fingers glided in and out of my mouth giving me my second taste of her sex, my fingers were busily pumping in and out of her sopping cunt, as my thumb manipulated her clit.

Using my free hand I began to unbutton her blouse. Her breasts were large for her frame, but not obscenely so. She was maybe a 38 c and she wore a red satin bra that fastened conveniently in the front.

I released the catch on the bra, running my hand over her left breast then cupping it underneath I removed my mouth from her fingers and used it to cover her nipple, which was the same color and size of a chocolate chip.

I could feel her nipple hardening in my mouth as I ran my teeth and tongue over the sensitive nub. 

She slipped Her hand up my thigh and stroked my pussy that was still ultra sensitive after my previous orgasm.   “Come with me Corrin” 

She said sliding her fingers over my wet mound and teasing my clit

“Ok” 

I replied breathily. Matching her stroke for stroke.  I could feel her pussy walls beginning to contract at almost the same moment, my second orgasm began. I concentrated on her clit, stroking it and finally gently rolling it between my thumb and forefinger. 

That sent her over the edge. She pressed the fingernails of her free hand into my back and I could feel her teeth leaving bite marks along my left shoulder. All the while she was moaning and uttering unintelligible Spanish. 

Even after her orgasm had subsided I left my fingers in her pussy while her hands reached under me to cup my ass. I kissed her forehead and eyes and finally her lips sucking gently on her lower lip. Pulling back I looked into her blue eyes and began to move my hand again bringing her to a quick and intense orgasm.

Afterwards I removed my fingers from her pussy and licked them clean. Then laid my head on her shoulder exhausted from a day filled with sexual anticipation as well as the orgasms that had resulted from our coupling. We sat like this for a few moments before I noticed the time was 4:15 smiling I said 

“ We went over our time baby”

Madison gazed at her watch and exclaimed 

“Oh shit”

“I was only kidding” I said

She stood quickly nearly dumping me on the floor in the process, and started rearranging her clothes in the proper manner. I was hurt that after the experience we’d shared all she seemed concerned about was the time. I mean Jesus it was only a half hour over, but if this was how it was going to be I certainly wasn’t going to plead with the bitch to spend A few more moments with me, like some sort of love sick kid.

I fixed my skirt, which was horribly wrinkled, from being bunched up. The bitch took one look at the condition of my skirt and said 

“Sit at your desk “

“My detentions over I don’t have to listen to you anymore. Anyway I thought you wanted me to go ” 

I replied sounding all of seven years old. I might as well have told her she wasn’t the boss of me. She looked at me indulgently and said in a gentler tone

“Please sit down Corrin I promise you’ll under stand soon”

So, I sat. No sooner had I sat down than the door was flung open and a group of kids, the principle and the student council president entered the room.

Madison winked at my surprised expression and me and turned to the group that had just entered. She icily told them “ I’m in the middle of a tutoring session, I’d don’t have time for the open house tours now, and all of you incoming students should take into account, If a door is closed you must knock and not just come barging in”

Everyone including the principle that was a prick was falling all over himself or herself to apologize to her before exiting the room and closing the door again. I just looked at her amazed, and more than a little squeamish at the thought of what could have happened. 

“You are amazing” I said 

Kissing her lightly on the lips and pressing a tiny piece of balled up white fabric into her hand. I left the classroom and went down the stairs exiting the building. I certainly hoped Madison would enjoy the little souvenir I had given her, my soaked little lace panties.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The following day 

Once again I woke up long before the alarm even went off and lay in bed replaying the events of yesterday afternoon while slowly stroking my pussy and luxuriating in an early morning climax.

After I finally tore myself away from the bed I, went into the bathroom for a long hot shower. 

I took care getting dressed Choosing a lilac colored sleeveless sundress. That buttoned up the front and would have looked innocent if I were a little girl, but looked deliciously wicked because I wasn’t, and a pair of white high heels circa the eighties. Like the day before I opted not to wear panties, but tossed a flimsy flowered pair into my bag to put on later. Today there was no need for a bra because the dress had a built in shelf bra. God I was so glad someone invented those.

I decided to leave my unruly locks of black hair unbound knowing it would drive Madison wild. I drove to school so revved up I didn’t even need to stop for my daily caffeine burst from Harbucks. While I drove the eight-minute ride to school I lightly teased my cunt to make sure it was nice and wet for the bitch. I arrived at the school a little after seven, knowing that she would already be there.

When I walked into the classroom her beauty and raw sexuality that she exuded once again struck me. Madison seemed to look better with each passing day. Today she looked good enough to eat, and by the end of the day I hoped to have a taste of her.

She stood at the board writing, She wore a fitted blue sweater, that really complemented her eyes and buttoned up the back, and a black skirt that was straight through the hips clinging to her ass, and flared slightly before stopping just beyond her knees. The design of the skirt made her already small waist look impossibly tiny. Her shoes were black patent leather high heels, and today noticed she wore a small gold ankle bracelet that glinted against her brown skin.

I closed the classroom door, this time being sure to push in the small lock on the doorknob, the only people that had a key were Larry the janitor/MATIENIENCE guy and of course Madison so I knew we wouldn’t be disturbed.

Today instead of ignoring me Madison greeted me with a smile and walked over to me where I stood. Using her body to pin against the to door she gave me the most passionate kiss I’d had in a long while. 

Sliding her hands under my dress and squeezing my ass then running her finger right up the crack gently probing my asshole. I moaned into her mouth loving the new sensations she was introducing me to.

She broke the kiss but continued to tease me with her finger she smiled again and said “Good morning”

“Yes” 

I said as though she had asked me a question instead of greeted me. I returned her smile saying

“You look beautiful”

I turned her around so that our positions were reversed and her back was now pressed against the door she had stopped teasing my crack and was now once again cupping my ass. I kissed her lips again and un-tucked her sweater and ran my hands up the front cupping her breasts and stroking her nipples through her bra. I pressed my thigh against her pussy through her skirt and tugged on her nipples while we kissed. She bunched up her skirt so that he naked pussy was right on my skin. She humped her hips riding my thigh while I was pressing my pussy against hers. After only a few minutes we were both moaning in the throes of orgasm. I could feel her juices hot and slick on my thigh. Releasing her breasts I ran my hand between her legs and rubbed her sensitive clit. 

“Who’s the slut now Madison” 

I mocked making reference to the fact that she wasn’t wearing panties. She looked at me and spread her legs a little further and cupped her breasts through her sweater. “I’ve always been a slut” she smiled “A bitch in heat, some have said”

“Well your not the only bitch in heat “ I said kneeling in front of her raising her skirt, while praising the gods that she hadn’t chosen to wear a straight, tight skirt again that would have made lifting it impossible. I kissed her directly on the pussy. And ran my tongue up and down her slit then into her hole savoring the deep musky scent of her come and loving her taste. She gripped my hair, trying to push my face deeper into her cunt. As I sucked and licked her clit while pushing three fingers deep into her pussy and stroking in and out hard and fast.

Within moments I felt her pussy contracting and heard her moaning as her juices flowed over my hand. I continued to lick her clit and fuck her during her climax and before I knew it she was on the verge of another intense orgasm. I could see that her hands were under her sweater pinching and tugging her nipples as she came again. I had to use my free hand to steady her because her legs were shaking, and she was moaning and screaming so loud that I was afraid someone passing in the hall would hear. After her second orgasm subsided I pulled my fingers from her pussy with a wet smack and stood licking my hand until every drop of her come was swallowed. Then I kissed her lips sticking my tongue into her willing mouth and allowing her to taste her juices.

By that time it was already 7:30 and class would be starting in fifteen minutes, the classroom reeked of sex. Madison kissed me one last time then pushed me away walking all over to the other side of the classroom she opened all the windows.

I reached into my bag and put on my panties, then sprayed the body splash I always carried in my bag in the air, releasing the scent of vanilla into the room.

Madison walked up behind me and cupped my pussy through my recently added panties and whispered in my ear 

“Maybe I could keep these too” 

The she went to her desk and pulled a pair of the sexist black lace panties I’d ever seen out of the drawer and put them on sliding the underwear up her shapely legs and settling them over her pussy which I knew for a fact was still wet. As was mine I could already feel a wet spot forming on my little flowered cotton thong. 

By the students began arriving at 7:40 the air was clear. Ms. Santos sat behind her desk while I sat at mine pretending to read a book. When the other students began to arrive one of my best friends Jessica approached saying 

“What now you’re an early bird? I drove by at seven to ask if I could borrow your blue platforms and your car was gone”

Jessica was undoubtedly pretty. Her face was angular, with high cheekbones, that were broadly spaced but delicate, and eyes that easily picked up blue or violet from surfaces but most often appeared, steely gray. While, appeared sweet and girlish. With her sharp, angular, cat like features, we were almost complete opposites as far as looks went, 

I was tall with long slender legs and an ass that hundreds of hours of the stair stepper and just plain luck and good genes had made small but shapely. My breasts were high and somewhere in the area of a 36 c, I had skin the color of dark caramel and brown eyes that were wide set and bought to mind rich full bodied coffee. If there was any flaw in my looks it was the fact that my eyes were set in such a way that any expression from exhilaration to rage appeared at first to be surprise. My lips were generous and my hair was a mass of long black disheveled curls that rarely submitted to being restrained. 

Jessica on the other hand was tall and lean with the build of a lifelong dancer: a small chest that rarely required a bra, hips that were narrow with a nice compact ass. Her skin was fair, and her straight flaxen hair was cut into a sort pixie styled bob that stopped just under her jaw line and she wore parted in the middle. 

Today she was wearing the shortest jean skirt I’d ever seen. With a tight white tee shirt that had little blue flowers all over it. Along with a pair of white platform flip-flops with red toe nail polish and a couple of little silver toe rings. She looked pretty damn cute.

“I had some things to do here” 

I said smiling at the memory of exactly what those things were. 

“Besides you still look gorgeous” 

I said flirting with her. It was an unspoken and undefined game between me and my two best friends and I, to flirt with and tease each other. As of yet nothing had come of it but maybe someday... Jessica smiled and replied 

“You’re looking pretty hot yourself, got a new boy toy.”

“No” I shook my head still smiling

“No what” 

Said Courtney walking over to her seat.

Courtney was tall . With long, straight chestnut hair, that had been professionally streaked with an array  of Blonde and Auburn. Her hazel eyes were always alight with mischief and she had what some would call a perfectly proportioned figure her breasts were neither big nor to small she was about a 36b. Her legs were long shapely and perpetually tanned as was the rest of her. Her ass was high and tight, just about every guy in the senior class wanted to fuck her and probably a good portion of the girls too, including me.

“ No I don’t have a new boyfriend. Interested in filling the gap” 

I continued smirking. Neither girl had time to answer because just then the bell rang signaling the start of class.

Madison was reading from a book of poems to the class while sitting on the edge of her desk she had her legs crossed at the knee and was shaking her top leg back and forth as she dangled the shoe off of her toes. With each swing of her leg the thin gold chain on her right ankle would wink and glitter in the light.

While she was reading she would look up every so often. When she did I made sure to flash her a look at my panties, because my heels were propped on either leg of my chair with the toes of my shoes on the floor she was provided with a clear unobstructed view.

I knew she was teasing me, just as I was teasing her And I was getting wetter by the second I was surprised my friends couldn’t smell the scent of my arousal. I was completely absorbed in watching her, she could’ve been reading the greatest story ever written and I would have missed it all. The bitch knew it but irregardless of this, when she’d finished reading the passage she licked her lips and asked.

“ What did you think that passage meant Corrin?”

Because I hadn’t been listening at all She had to ask the question itself, three times and Jessica had to kick me before I realized she talking to me. By that time she was running her tongue across the bottom of her top teeth, In a fashion that every one of her students acquainted with annoyance. 

I just stared at her, she smiled quickly and I knew she was teasing me again trying to catch me off guard. 

“ I have no idea what the passage means”

“Because you’re confused about the language or the theme, or maybe the message is unclear, Come on Corrin there is no right or wrong answer, I just want your opinion, Give me some feedback”  

She said her tone slightly mocking. The bitch knew damn well that I hadn’t been listening Smiling I replied 

“ It could be, the language or the theme or even an unclear message, It could even be my comprehension level but most likely I have no idea what the passage was about because I wasn’t listening at all”

The class burst into nervous laughter; everyone was looking at me in what I guessed was the same manor that onlookers of an execution looked at the accused. They were expecting Ms.. Santos to be incensed and she made a good show of it too. 

“ Corrin since you insist on continuing to show such disrespect and derision for the curriculum, and me I’ll have to insist that you do a special project. You must write a 2500 word essay on the three poets and the subsequent effect of their writing on modern literature and philosophy. Stay after so that I can talk to you privately, and not waste anymore of the student’s time”  I caught the sparkle in her eye as I replied 

Never one to back down from a confrontation and still having the inexplicable haughtiness of youth I answered 
