 This story is copyright 2004 of destinie21 

Finally after months and months and a hard drive crash part 7 is done as always: 

Please don't view this story if you are under the age of 18 or if otherwise prohibited by local law. 

Enjoy... 

* * * * *

Madison was absolutely relentless in her consumption of me. The pleasure she wrought bordered on pain as she sucked my clit into her mouth and flicked her tongue along the sensitive skin. My hands wound into her hair as my hips rose to her lips in an unbreakable rhythm, as sweat trailed between my breasts and down the small of my back. Her lips tongue and teeth took me to the edge and her fingers pushed me into a spiraling climax as she fucked me hard and fast. When she pulled her mouth away her lips were shiny and she made a show of licking my taste from them before pulling her hand back and sucking her fingers into her mouth one by one. I smiled at her as I leaned forward to watch the display she was putting on for me. When she had pulled her hand away from her lips with a loud smacking sound of satisfaction I leaned forward and kissed her. I pressed my weight on her as I ran my tongue over her full lips pressing her backward to the floor. Her hands went around my neck and she spread her legs around my hips. 

MY hands roved over her body anxious to caress every inch of her warm flesh, as my tongue explored her mouth. She moaned as my fingers passed over the tips of her breasts and journeyed down her ribcage. I wanted our reunion to be slow sweet and sensual but I couldn't hold back. Her hips arched as I slipped my hand between us and ran my fingertips over her warm wet folds. I stroked her pussy lightly, she was already spread open and read for me and she moaned at the intimate contact. I pulled my lips from hers and looked at her as my fingers entered her sex, there wasn't a single part of Madison that wasn't beautiful, her hair was splayed over the carpet in a wild mass of curls and her eyes had darkened with arousal. I leaned in and licked her slightly parted lips before letting my mouth slide over the smooth column of her neck. She groaned as my teeth sank into the skin nibbling lightly, before moving to the top of her chest. 

Madison's nails dug into my shoulder blades as my teeth ran over her right nipple, her back was arched and her hips moved with my hand as I stroked her. 

"Please make me come Corrin please, I need it baby."

Her request made my heart pound a little faster; she had with one sentence made it clear that she was submitting even if it was only for a moment. I bit her nipple hard and ran my finger over her cunt stroking her engorged clit. I kept up the pace and felt her shuddering beneath me in less than a minute. She was moaning and painting my name as I took her over the edge. 

Her body was still shuddering as I kissed my way down to her belly making lazy circles on her abdomen as I parted her thighs with my hands. Madison's hands were already in my hair, her nails lightly grazing my scalp as I descended. I tried once again to go slowly and seduce her, but I couldn't. For a moment I cradled her desire in my palm before spreading her pussy and sucking her clit into my mouth. She pulled me hard against her as I sucked and nibbled. 

"Make me come in your mouth." Her voice told me this was a command and I was happy to oblige. I flicked my tongue rapidly over her clit and pushed two fingers deep inside of her. I could feel her tightening around my thrusting fingers as I fucked her; she clenched my hair as she ground her cunt against my lips as I took her. Her whole body was taunt and she screamed loud enough for me to be thankful that the windows were shut as she came. I pulled my hand away and licked the evidence of her spent passion away as she moaned. I would have taken her again but she pulled my hair lightly.

"Come here." She spoke softly tugging me upward

I slid my body along hers as she smiled and locked her legs around my hips as I settled on top of her. 

I rested my hands on either side of her head supporting some of my weight as I looked down into her eyes.

"What?"

She wrapped her arms around my neck pulling me closer, when our lips were inches apart she spoke again. "I missed you." Her lips met mine as in a soft slow kiss as her arms tightened about my neck pulling me closer. I rested my full weight against her no longer willing or able to support myself. Her lips felt like home and I was glad to be back.

When the kiss ended I rested my head on her shoulder letting my tongue brush over her ear. "I love you "

I whispered the words and felt a shudder go through her body. "I love you too." I heard her breath catch in her throat as she spoke. We lay on the floor for a few moments more before I rose and helped her to her feet. I wanted to fall into the bed and hold her for the rest of the evening but my stomach had other plans, as it grumbled loudly. Madison laughed and raised her brow. "Hungry Cori?" 

I smiled Cori I liked that. 

"A little." I replied as my stomach rumbled again. Madison laughed out right before turning to a robe from the back of the door. My green satin robe fit like it had been made for her. I took a moment to simply admire her beauty before rifling through my drawer for an overlarge T-shirt with Angela Davis on the front. I slipped the shirt over my head not bothering to add any other clothes since the shirt brushed my upper thighs.

We headed to the kitchen although I knew we wouldn't find much in the way of food there. I wasn't wrong there was really nothing to eat. Madison turned to me looking like she had a lecture all prepared for me. Before she could start preaching to me about the values of good nutrition I picked up the cordless phone from the wall charger and dialed the number to the pizza place. I knew the number by heart, and didn't even bother looking over the take out menu I had in the nearby junk drawer. The voice over the phone promised me my small double cheese and pepperoni pizza would be there in a half-hour to forty-five minutes although I knew it would be more like fifteen. I put the phone down and turned to Madison she was staring at me smiling.

"What are you smiling at?"

The smile turned into a full on grin, seconds before she spoke. "You."

"Why is that" I asked walking toward her, my arms were around her when she replied. "One of these days I going to give you that eating healthy lecture you've been trying to avoid hearing."

I ran my tongue over her bottom lip, tugging it between my own for a moment before kissing her lightly. "Really." I murmured against her lips. 

Madison didn't answer as I ran my hands over her breasts and past her ribcage and abdomen to rest on her hips. I let my hands circle around and cup her ass , as the kiss that had been playful became passionate. She moaned against my lips as I pushed my thigh between the split in the front of the robe. I could feel her pussy rubbing against my thigh as the smooth skin of her leg pressed against my sex. 

We moved together and my hands gripped her ad and my pussy ground against her.

I could already feel my self-tightening, as her smooth was thigh gliding against my clit.

We stood in the middle of the room holding one another up, as our hips moved in to the hard fast beat of our passion. When I felt the tight coil of arousal winding in the pit of my stomach snap I dug my teeth into Madison's shoulder blade and my hands gripped her ass. She was right behind me, moaning in my ear as her legs tensed and a shudder ran through her body. 

Once we caught our breath and felt secure in our abilities to walk Madison pulled away from me and sat at the kitchen table. In an instant she want from looking like a well-fucked lover to being a teacher. More than that the expression on her face made me feel as if she was an adult about to coddle a child. And at that moment I felt hopelessly like a child. "We should talk." Madison said looking serious.

I wondered if she was talking about the royal "we", I almost hoped so because I couldn't really verbalize the things I wanted to say. In my silence Madison continued to speak. 

She may have put on her teacher persona but when she spoke I was relieved. "Corrin I love you. But I mean we and I...You." Madi wasn't the type to stumble over her words in fact I had never heard her so much as stutter, but she was clearly at a loss for the right words. She kept on speaking and not saying anything as I tried not to laugh. 

Madison stopped speaking and fixed me in her blue gaze. She frowned for a moment then she smiled.

"You get an for your effort, but you may as well go ahead and laugh before you burst."

She could barely get the sentence out without laughing. We were both sitting at the kitchen table giggling and for a moment it was almost impossible to tell which one of us were still a schoolgirl. At least that's how I liked to think of it.

Madison was the first to regain her composure and the first to speak. "Okay seriously Cori we need to talk about us."

"I know it." I replied.

She started again, the way her fingers wrestled each other on the tabletop indicated to me that she was nervous, "and I love you I really do." She sighed and for a split second I wondered if she was about to break my heart. "But we have to be so careful, I'm not ashamed of you but for now we can't be anything more than a secret." She continued. 

I sighed almost limp with relief and rested me head on my upturned hand. "What am I new? I know that Madi, you're a teacher and I'm a student and all that. That's not even a problem, I don't expect you to scream anything from any rooftops and I would never put you on front street or jeopardize your career."

She looked a little to relieved for my liking because her relief told me she had doubted me. I didn't know whether to be hurt that she didn't fully trust me or relieved. I wanted to be at least a little upset because it seemed right but then again, hadn't I thought she was going to dump me less than five minutes ago? 

Before I could decide how to feel the doorbell rang, I opened a drawer that was attached to the counter and pulled out a handful of dollars and going to the door. I paid the delivery boy and brought the box into the kitchen and set it on the table.

I was reaching for plates when she spoke. "You keep your money in a drawer in the kitchen?" 

"Not all of it", I shrugged "Just the food money." 

When I turned around plates in hand Madison was staring at me. She looked both annoyed and amused.

"How much money is in there?" 

"I don't know three or four hundred probably, my father has no idea how much food costs so he always leaves too much."

She shook her head. Someone could easily rob you."

I put the plates on the table and rolled my eyes. "First off it's only a few hundred bucks second of all I doubt if anyone would break in and head straight for the kitchen drawer and."

I had been about to go on but she held up her hand up as an indication that I had said enough.

I stopped talking and looked into her eyes. 

"You should think about it Cori."

I wanted to be stubborn only because it was my nature but 

But because I saw that she was truly concerned I shrugged. "If it will make you feel better I'll move it."

"Really?" She seemed surprised as if she had also expected me to be stubborn. 

"Really " I replied. I opened the box and reached for a slice of pizza and started eating. Madison stood and asked me where the silverware was. I pointed to a drawer near the sink and she retrieved a fork and a knife. I raised an eyebrow but didn't say a word as she began eating her pizza with a fork and a knife. 

Until then my mother was the only person I had known who ate finger food with silverware. 

We ate mostly in silence. It was a comfortable silence but I knew we both ad things on our minds that we should be saying. Obviously the relationship had to be a secret, but I was hoping to be more than a few afternoon fucks. I wanted to know her and I wanted her to know me but I was too afraid to put my feelings 

Out there. Madison could easily tear my heart to bits and I didn't want to hear any answers I couldn't handle. Having someone else be in control of my heart scared me more than anything I had faced in all of my 18 years. It didn't occur to me that Madison had any of the same feelings. Once again I had automatically cast her as the strong untouchable one. 

After the impromptu meal Madison made it known that she had to go. I wanted her to stay the night but I fully understood that it wasn't a good idea. I also understood that playing childish games would only make it harder on the both of us so I simply kissed her goodbye and hugged her. I left her alone to get dressed knowing it would be impossible for me to resist her body. When she left my house I stood at the door watching her go and wishing I was in the car going with her. 

I shook of the beginning of the funk I was starting to feel and went upstairs to take a long hot shower, while telling myself everything would work out fine. After the shower I rubbed the scent of jasmine oil into my skin and threw on a pair of jeans and a green tee shirt. I had planned to call both Courtney and Jessica in order to try and straighten things out but I ended up falling asleep lying across my bed. 

I didn't wake until the next morning; six am to be exact slightly disoriented and more than a little rumpled. I stood and shed the clothes I had slept in. 

I took my time getting ready for school, I was nervous and couldn't figure out if it was the prospect of seeing my two best friends or if it was the fact that I'd get to see Madison again. I pulled on a pair of dark low-rise hi hugging jeans and a low cut red tank top. The shirt had been designed to look as if the hem had been frayed by age; in reality the shirt was nearly brand new and had been worn less than a handful of times. I brushed my hair and pushed it back with a bright red scarf before brushing my teeth and applying makeup. I purposely overdid the eyeliner on my upper lid after applying gold eye shadow. I was going for the trashy look. A tame throwback to the indulgence of the 80's. Happy with the results of my outfit I slipped my feet into a pair of red platform wedge sandals and headed to school. I forgot my book bag and had to run back for it but by quarter to seven I was on my way to Courtney's house.

When I arrived I got out of the car and knocked on the door. I didn't ring the bell only because I knew her mother was most likely still asleep. A moment after I knocked the door opened, Courtney wasn't surprised to see me nor did she seem beside herself with joy. Instead she stood with her arms crossed and 

Letting her robed body block entry into her house. 

"I'm sorry " I said to her, looking in her eyes and silently pleading with her. She sighed and remained in the doorway for an instant before taking a step back and allowing me to come in. I hugged her like it had been years instead of days since I had last seen her. She returned my embrace and then we headed to her room so she could finish getting ready to go. It went without saying that since I was already here I would give her a lift to school.

Courtney took off her robe and I saw that the only thing she had on was a black miniskirt. 

My heart beat a little faster at the sight of her breasts. I had seen them dozens of times before and I always got the flit of excitement in the pit of my stomach. Somehow I thought loving and wanting Madison would kill my attraction for other woman. Clearly that was not the case, I could hardly tear my eyes away from Courtney's chest. 

She didn't even bother trying to cover herself, and for my part I didn't even bother pretending that I wasn't looking. Instead of continuing to get dressed and letting the moment pass Courtney tugged her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers and tugged, moaning just a little. If I hadn't been holding my breath I might have gasped as she advanced on me. I took a step back for each step she took forward until my back was literally against the wall. My first inclination had been to embrace her and enjoy her body but thoughts of Madison filled my head and I could do neither woman the dishonor of my indulgence. Still when Courtney brushed her lips over mine it took all my will power to gently push her away.

"Court no." I mumbled, half-hoping she would continue. Her hands roamed my body for a moment before she stepped back and turned, 

"Where did you go anyway" She asked put on the rest of her clothes as if nothing had happened. 

The way she had switched from seductress to curious friend left me momentarily speechless.

When I regained my voice I told her about every detail of the trip. I told her everything except the reason I'd gone to California in the first place. Or more accurately what I was running from when I left. 

She nodded and made a few sounds to let me know she was listening, then she surprised me again by turning to me. Fully dressed this time she said "So you've told me what you wanted me to know, now why don't you tell me who that bitch was that Jess and I caught you with?" 

I laughed trying to buy a little time. "I never kiss and tell."

She shrugged "Whatever, I don't even care." The tone of her voice told me that she clearly did care but I was glad that the subject of the "bitch" was dropped. For the moment at least. 

We left her house and got in the car. When we arrived at Jessica's house she was waiting outside. She seemed surprised to see me and by the way she looked from Courtney to me I saw that she was clearly shocked that we were together. I hoped my feelings didn't play so clearly across my face when other watched me. 

I shook off the thought and the dead certainty that the two of them had been talking behind my back. It wasn't as if I'd given them much opportunity to confront me face to face. 

Jessica got into the back seat and mumbled a quiet hello. I said "Hey." To her and cranked up the radio. 

I wasn't at all interested in hearing spectator's comment on why American troops were still occupying Iraq nor did I care overmuch about the absence of the completely fabricated weapons of mass destruction. I flipped the radio knob and sighed while Missy Elliott tried to figure out if it was worth it for her to work it. It didn't matter what song was on just so long as the music kept us from talking. 

After stopping for coffee we barely made it to Madison's classroom before the bell rang. 

I took Madison in from the tips of her loose hair to the toes of her black patent leather heels. She was wearing a black skirt that was fitted through the hips and fell just below her knee flaring slightly. The blue blouse she had paired the skirt with had three quarter length sleeve and matched her eye color almost perfectly. I damn near forgot to breath and when I met her eyes it was clear that she knew exactly the effect she had on me. I took my seat not missing the question I had seen in her eyes when Jessica, Courtney and I entered. I shrugged and supposed there would be time for explanations later. Class passed by quickly as images of What Madison was or wasn't wearing flitted through mind, followed closely by what her reaction might be when I told her Courtney and I had kissed. I was startled when the bell rang dismissing class. 

The day dragged on and I collected a shit load of work that my impromptu vacation had caused me to miss. I didn't get to see Madison again until the end of the day, I ran into her classroom shutting and locking the door behind me. I was in her arms almost before the lock clicked into place. My lips muffled whatever she was trying to say as I kissed her, when she pulled away after kissing me soundly she was half laughing. 
