 This story is copyright of the authour Destinie21 Please do not reproduce or copy. This story is meant to be viewed by readers 18 years of age and older. 

Okay readers this is just a little note to let you know how much I appreciate you guys. It's sort of a kick for me to know there are people out there who take the time to take a glimpse into my fantasies and stories and enjoy them right along with me. I'm sorry it took so long for me to post a continuation. As with the other chapters of this story this one could stand alone but it's better to begin at the beginning and watch the relationship grow. Anyway enough of my rambling, enjoy...

* * * * *

"Ma-om come on, we're going to be lay-ate." 

I looked down at the child beside me. She's three going on 14. I wondered when I had stopped being Mommy and started being Mom. Moreover I wondered when mom had become a two-syllable word, and why this little girl was calling me like I was steady wasting her time. I mean she was right we were going to be late, for her play-date with the twins but I was still looking in the mirror not quite satisfied with my overall appearance. 

Of course no amount of looking was going to change the fact that I was almost seven months pregnant and feeling very much like a beached whale. My shirt wasn't quite holding in my breasts and it looked like I was going to need some new bras yet again because my cups were defiantly starting to runneth over, plus my hair was as unruly as ever except now it seemed to be growing like a kudzu vine. 

"Damn prenatal vitamins." I murmured to my 

reflection before flicking the light switch and walking out of the bathroom. 

"Mom you said a bad word, you're not supposed to say bad words Mama Madi said so remember?" 

I smiled down at the child, I hadn't thought I'd spoken loudly enough for her to hear but she'd caught me. 

"Yeah Baby Girl, I remember now." 

We made it out of the house and into the car without much more delay although by the way the little girl was sighing as I stopped in the kitchen to grab a handful of slim jims from the cabinet you'd have thought I'd made her wait through Roots. 

We were late but only by about ten minutes and once she saw Carrie and Cora, Micah forgot all about her frustration with me and bounded into the house in a fit of giggles and little girl dreams. 

"Girl look at you" 

Courtney exclaimed as I stepped over the threshold of her house. She shut the door behind me and just as her words suggested she was indeed looking at me. I hadn't seen her in more than a month and I guess I seemed much more pregnant than I had before, which is to say my stomach had rounded out to the point where I was defiantly looking like an expectant mother. I'd been lucky, well to hear my friends tell it, I had been blessed with a small frame that hadn't changed much since the seven years since I'd been in highschool, so even after I got pregnant I just wasn't very big. I'd even been able to skip the maternity clothes, but now I felt bulky and cumbersome and always just a little irritated or rather like irritation was no more than a breath away. 

She continued to inspect me with a smile tiptoeing around the corners of her lips until I reached into my purse and snapped into a slim jim. She just shook her head when I offered her one of the sticks of spiced, processed beef by products and headed deeper into her house. I followed her into the kitchen and praised God when I saw the array of snacks she had put out. 

"Hungry?" she asked with a smirk. 

"Girl am I ever not hungry?" 

She didn't even answer as she plopped herself into a kitchen chair and watched me grab a plate and help myself to the sandwiches and chips she'd set out. Because she lived an hour away we only managed to get the kids together for play dates once a month although last month we'd skipped it when she'd had to go away on business at the last minute. Every once in a while I envied her life as a business powerhouse, her career, with her wildly successful plastic surgeon husband and perfect house complete with a maid a cook and a nanny. 

Then just as quickly I remembered my own life, and love and the little girl that was upstairs in the playroom with my best friends identical twin daughters, and knew good and hell well that I'd never trade being a stay at home mommy/ma-om an always lover, and a sometimes journalist and even less often a novelist. It wasn't even a real envy so much as a wishing I was rich enough to afford all the luxuries money could buy, I'd never fully realized how spoiled I was until it was time to make it on my own without my Daddy's money to back up the rich girls' lifestyle I had taken for normalcy. 

Even now as thoughts I didn't want to think pushed their way into my head I almost wanted to laugh, I wasn't rich, but then again we weren't poor either, I still didn't know what it meant to be hungry and not know where my next meal was coming from I had no idea what it was like to rob Peter to pay Paul, and we'd never once received a bill that had final notice on it, so as much as I wanted, I still wanted for nothing. 

"Where you at girl?" 

Courtney asked, her voice cutting into my thoughts and pulling my focus from the internal to the external. 

"Sorry girl, I was spacing out." 

"Yeah I know, you been doing that a lot lately, what's on your mind?" 

"Just thinking about the baby," I said my hand automatically caressing the child in my stomach. "I mean I don't know if I'm ready for two kids, hell Micah is two handfuls all by her damn self." 

Courtney laughed but didn't even try to deny that Micah was indeed more than a little bit a handful. It's not that she was a behavioral problem, she was just inquisitive to and precocious to the maximum extent of the law and she was not looking forward to the little girl who was about to invade her world and become the newest baby girl in our household. She had wanted the baby to be a little boy and cried ferociously when she'd found out that her brother was a sister.

"Girl do you think I was ready for my first baby to be a two for one? You'll adjust and be just as good of a mother to the two of them as you are to Micah." 

I smiled, she had spoken right to the fears I hadn't quite shared with her and made me feel better just like that. We were still best friends and our relationship had grown by leaps and bounds which I think was kind of a shock to the both of us. Sometimes I wondered if we were still secretly waiting to outgrow each other. I mean all the other relationships we'd had in highschool had seemed to fizzle out shortly after graduation or the commencement of college. 

Courtney, Jess and I had made it through our first year of college and still stayed friends and were convinced our little trio would make it to our mid thirties and talk about highschool as the good old days and we might have if Jessica hadn't left the sane train for the crazy express. 

I mean everything seemed good after her fist year and she was all about poly-sci and trying to training for volleyball when we started our second year but somewhere between August and December she became a wanna be starlet. I of course blamed LA and wrote it off as a phase. ( I was going through my own phase at the time but we'll get into that later.) 

Jessica was a pretty girl in a town where beauty often equaled success so neither Courtney nor I was surprised to hear about her new image, Jess had always been sort of a follower, but seeing the change in person and hearing about it over the phone were two different things. Her already small frame had gone from being petite to being too damn skinny and her once fair skin carried a heavy bronze tone that would have looked like the perfect California tan if I hadn't known that Jess was the type to burn rather than "bake," her face had changed too although it took me a little longer to pinpoint exactly how. Her lips looked like someone had punched her hard enough to make them swell two sizes too big for her face and made me think of the Mr. Potato Head toy I'd played with as a child. 

She was still pretty but now her beauty seemed manufactured instead of natural as it had been before. Still even with the changes to her appearance she still seemed like the same friend I'd known since I was a child, so it was more than a little shocking to find out exactly what kind of role my friend had been "starring" in. She'd been vague and evasive about her acting and I'd been too consumed with my life and my love to take any real notice. Looking back I know I should have been able to read between the lines and figure out that actress was synonymous with porn starlet but I didn't so the news was appalling. 

I was certainly no paragon of virtue but I was disturbed by what to me seemed like nothing more than legalized prostitution. I mean I didn't really think it was wrong to watch a porno hell I even liked it but something about one of my best friends being in one didn't sit well with me, especially since she was a newbie and most of the shots of her were some old guys fucking her doggystlye while she moaned way too loud for the pleasure to be entirely real, then he'd give her a facial and that would be the end of it. 

I was more than a little relived to learn that most of the facials didn't involve any actual semen. A long-standing trick of the porn trade was to use a powdered pina colada mix and water to make the come shot seem a little more theatrical and visually stimulating when caught on tape. 

After the initial shock of Jessica's new career wore off everything was mostly fine, in fact after I got over the vulgarity and baseness of her profession I have to admit it was kind of cool to have a friend in the porn industry, especially when she one an award for the best anal scene by a new actress. The award itself and the whole ceremony surrounding the phallic statuette seemed more than a little ridiculous and even Jess didn't take it too seriously. But the real bonus was her touring the porn star conventions (I know I too was shocked that there are porn star conventions.) And getting discounts on all kinds fun toys which she often sent us via the mail. Believe me there's nothing quite like receiving several plain brown packages from the UPS guy and opening them to find a vibrator-palooza at your fingertips. 

Still even the gifts and sorties of the fun she was having didn't stop me from seeing the glazed look in her eyes in the tapes she sometimes sent. I was almost able to convince myself that it was a trick of the lighting until I saw her in person and noticed the vacant look was there more than her clear-eyed gaze, and just how often she seemed to have to go to the bathroom. She had either a raging UTI or a raging coke addiction. I hoped for the former instead of the latter although I didn't want my friend to have any health problems' I sure as fuck didn't want her to have a drug addiction. But she did. 

At first both Courtney and I were at a loss, this was the first adult problem our friendship had ever faced and at the age of twenty neither one of us could quite grasp the fact that we were indeed adults and we could take the steps to intervene in our friend's life. So we did something that was a throwback to childhood and tattled to her parents. But in the end no one could save her but herself and somehow Jess just wasn't into self preservation. 

To this day she was still in and out of rehab and living somewhere in LA. Or at least she had been the last time I'd heard from her, when she had asked for money. When I told her no flat out she called me out of my name and damned me to hell. It wasn't the first time and somehow I hoped it wouldn't be the last. At least if she was calling me, I'd know she was still alive even if her living wasn't what any of us wanted or had expected it to be. But it had been a little more than a year since that last phone call and I prayed every day that I'd hear from her again. Sometimes I even felt guilty for not giving her the money she needed for a fix after all at least she would have still been calling and I wouldn't have been left wondering. 

Maybe it was the look on my face or maybe Courtney's own thoughts just mirrored my own at that moment because all she said was 

"Jess." And I nodded. 

We both shook our heads, then after more than a moment of silence, we went on with our conversation. The two hours that we spent together once a month flew by and soon the kids were bounding down the stairs followed by a nanny who looked like she hadn't bounded anywhere in more decades than I'd been alive. 

The kids ate a light lunch since all three of them seemed to be united in not eating anything more than a few bites of peanut butter and jelly. 

Usually Micah wasn't a finicky eater or a follower but with the combined peer pressure of the Pavarati twins she was swayed. Or maybe she just wasn't hungry in any case they were done in less than ten minutes and since I had a bit of a drive ahead of me I wasn't about to try and force a stubborn toddler to eat a few more bites. I learned early on to choose my battles, and this wasn't one I was about to choose. 

We said our good-byes and then I grabbed another sandwich for the road and gathered Micah and headed for the car. The child was asleep almost before we had left the block and while she slept I drove wishing idly it could be the other way around. I hadn't done much but I was tired. Having never been pregnant before I hadn't expected the exhaustion and fatigue that seemed most prevalent in the third trimester. I'd been through it with Madi but I hadn't quite understood until I experienced it for myself. 

By the time Micah and I got home Madison's car was sitting in the driveway. Even after all this time coming home to her still made my heart skip a beat. As if on cue Micah woke up once the car stopped and although she was still groggy with sleep she managed to hold my hand and stumble from the car to the house. Before I was pregnant, I would have carried her into the house but now the weight of her and the size of my stomach made that impossible.

Madison was sitting at her desk in the corner of the living room, correcting papers and when we entered she looked up and smiled. Her smile still held the happiness I craved and her eyes shared with mine the secrets of beauty that my lips could never tell. I smiled back at her as Micah slipped her hand from mine and walked over to her mother. 

"Hi Mama Madi." She said, and with those simple words the full weight of her love could be heard. 

"Hey baby girl. " 

Madison replied stroking the child's hair although her eyes had never left my face. She stared at me a moment longer before pushing away from the desk and giving Micah her full attention. I hadn't missed the lust in her eyes and I knew by the way she had stared at me that she'd seen it mirrored in my own, but it would be many hours before we'd be alone together, and able to fully indulge in each other. So for now I was content to just sit on the sofa and watch the woman in my life hold our daughter. 

I loved seeing them together, Micah was every bit her mothers child from her strong cheekbones and jaw line to those startling blue eyes set in her pecan colored face. Even the texture of their hair was the same although Micah had the lips and build of a stranger. She was our girl and our joy and now there was another one on the way. 

We'd waited and planned making sure we could afford another child in the same way we'd planned for Micah. Madison had carried our first child because her biological clock had been ticking for a while and once we settled down into our lives and committed to each other two years after I'd finished highschool she had been very ready to be a mother. I on the other hand was still finishing college and while a family sounded like a wonderful idea I wasn't quite ready to carry a child. 

Then we'd had to address the issue of the baby's father. Initially we'd thought we could find a close friend to be the donor but after examining all the possibilities neither of us were ready to let a third party into our family unit, particularly a third party who could potentially want parental rights some day, plus even though Madison had been with a men before (a fact that disgruntled me more than it shocked me ) I wasn't interested in even discussing the option of getting her knocked up the "old fashioned way." In the end we'd decided to try artificial insemination with a sperm donor.

It was something we discussed soon after we moved away from the town I'd grown up in. We'd only moved an hour away since Madison was able to get a teaching job at a middle school there. We had wanted to move, had in fact needed to move because there was no way we could have a real relationship in a town where she had been my teacher only a few months before. It would have compromised her career and been a cause for all kinds of scandal. I never wanted her to stop being a teacher but I was glad she'd chosen to teach younger students although neither of us discussed her reasoning behind it we both knew it was because of what had developed between us. 

Before me she'd never thought she would be in an intimate relationship with a highschool student, especially a student of hers. After what had happened between us neither one of us was anxious for her to be taking any risks. 

She'd been willing to move and give up her job so I didn't have a single complaint finding a college near where she'd found a job. That first year we were together after I'd graduated was one of the best times in my life, I'd never been in love but more than that I'd never had or even known that a lover and a friend could be one in the same. The sex was still slammin and the passion didn't ebb even a little but getting to know her as a friend added another dimension to our love that I could never fully define with words. 

It was the looks that passed between us, those conversations we could have without words and the laughter that filled our house. I grew up a lot in those first years and Madi proved herself to be the woman I suspected her to be. She gave me the room I needed to blossom into a woman in my mind the way I'd blossomed in my body years before. 

Even when I was rockin my Angela Davis t-shirts and going through my self affirming black youth stage, and talking like I knew anything about a dream being deferred she stuck with me and didn't laugh although I'd catch her smirking at me from time to time. And when I cried because I was losing one of my best friends to sex and then drugs she held me and made the rest of the world fade away until it was just us whispering promises to each other against lips and breasts, skin against skin until the wetness on my face was no longer a sign of my own tears, only the passion that flowed like a river between us. 

Then there was Micah our baby, the new girl in both of our lives. We had talked and dreamed about her for two years before we'd finally been in a place where we were financially and emotionally ready to support a family. I still remembered the way the both of us had cried over the two negative pregnancy tests in as many months and then again over the positive one. 

I was amazed watching the changes in Madison's body the ones that were almost invisible, like the way her breasts were so much more sensitive or the way her stomach softened before it began to round out and especially how her sex drive increased, were just as beautiful to me as seeing her looking pregnant, or hearing our daughter's heartbeat, and seeing her move first on the sonogram then beneath the surface of Madi's skin. I loved to watch them then and it hadn't stopped because even now the sight of them could almost bring tears to my eyes. 

The sun had been down for many hours before we found ourselves in our bedroom, it was a night just like any other night that had passed in the seven years that we'd been together and just like any other night we came to each other easily, the promise of sex wasn't always in the air but the knowledge of shared love was. She held me in her arms and when she came to me and kissed me running her fingers through my hair tugging slightly because she knew just how I liked it. 
