 This story is copyright 2003 of destinie21

Please don't view this story if you are under the age of 18 or if otherwise prohibited by local law.

Enjoy...

* * * * *

Damn....

I looked at the clock seven forty. School started in five minutes and I was going to be late,

And my goddamned first period English teacher Ms. Santos had told me if I was late one more time I'd be spending the next five days after school with her for an hour. I couldn't believe this. I was 18 years old, a senior at James Madison High school and if I wasn't at school in five no make that four minutes I'd be spending the next week after school in detention like some naughty kid. God I hoped I wouldn't have to clap erasers in the courtyard.

I hauled myself out of bed and went into the bathroom. I brushed my teeth washed all the important places and used a brush to wrangle my unruly black curls into a ponytail. All of which used the precious four minutes that stood between me and my afternoon "freedom". Guess I wouldn't be hanging out with the girls at Terri's after school that week. I'd hate that. Terri's was the place to be everyone who was anyone wanted to be at this high-class restaurant/coffee shop. The mall was so Two years ago.

Since I was going to be late in any case I took a the time to apply a little make up. Then slipped into an almost indecently low pair of pink jeans, and a white top strategically cut to show off my figure and parts of my brown arms but conservative enough to keep the hated dress code. I topped it all off with a pink newsboy cap over the ponytail and a garish pair of silver hoops. After I was dressed I stood in front of the mirror liking the results. Then just to be sure I turned around and bent over. First with my legs straight, then with my knees bent I crouched down just to make sure my ass wasn't out. I loved low-rise jeans after all I was young and slim and I had a helluva ass, but as always I liked to say no to crack.

I walked out of the house and got into my new black escalade truck that my dad got it for me a few weeks ago. He was always trying to buy my love probably because he felt guilty about his constant travels. I'd practically been living alone since my mom died when I was 13. I loved him even though he was totally clueless. I didn't need the gifts but I sure as hell accepted them along the money he constantly lavished on me.

I backed out of the driveway as I turned on the radio 

" reports indicate that Saddam Hussein may be dead. There is strong evidence supporting the theory that the speech recently played over Iraqi air waves was recorded at least 10 months ago and not weeks ago as first suspected. The United States government officials have reported the capture of a close family friend may lead to the indefinite fall of his regime after decades of.... "

I switched the knob on the radio to escape the nasal voice of the reporter. Jesus I was so sick of hearing about the possible capture of this terrorist and his close personal friends. I mean really the next thing you know they'd have his first grade math teacher. And tell us that's where evil really starts. Some terrorist puts out a three-minute tape of sadistic rambling and gets endless airtime Terrence Trent Darby puts out a seventy-five minute CD and nothing.

I took a left on Maple Street with Jewel's latest song intuition blaring loudly from the speakers and Pulled into one of the many Harbucks littering the area. I glanced at the clock 7:52. School was only two minutes away from the Harbucks so at least I would get there by eight, not that it would help any, may as well get a grande double low-fat caramel mochachino and a cran-apple muffin for good measure.

Once I was inside a the shop the girl behind the counter was acting as if I had all day with her discourteous manner obviously dyed black hair, black rimmed glasses and practiced look of superiority. Did they clone their employee's? I wondered Idly .Was every Harbucks employee like this or was it just some bizarre coincidence that I had only been served by this type of worker at every Harbucks I'd ever visited?

After I'd settled the coffee into the cup holder I was on my way, all the while munching on the large muffin.

In two minutes flat I was pulling into the parking lot of the high school. Since I was late I had to park in the back and walk the entire span of the parking lot and around the sidewalk to get to the front entrance. 

Once inside I went up to the second floor right up to the door my history class I glanced at my watch 7:59 great only fourteen minutes late. I sipped the coffee I was holding took a deep breath and entered the room. 

I had to open the door to enter since my bitch of a teacher always shut the door the second the last bell rang.

So there was no way that any one could just sneak in and sit down.

"Miss Hudson so nice of you to grace us with your presence" Ms. Santos said sarcastically without even looking away from whatever she was writing on the board.

"I do it for the fans" I replied smirking at my friends Courtney and Jessica .Who were sitting in the first row with an empty seat between them for me.

This time she did turn and look at me as I sat down

She looked amazing as usual. She may have been a raging bitch but there was no denying she was hot.

She was wearing a red skirt that stopped just above the bend in her knee, a white blouse and a pair of red heels

Not exactly fuck me heels but definitely not pumps and definitely sexy as hell.

Her black hair as usual was pulled into a severe looking bun.

Her skin was dark due to her Spanish origin which like her surname she had inherited from her father. Her features were delicate and strong at the same time. With an exotic and enticing mix owning to her definite Spanish background and subtle hints of her matriarchal French blood. Her eyes were blue and almost disturbingly bright in contrast to her dark skin. She had full kissable lips , and the type of body that most normal woman prayed for and those who were rich or maybe just not religious enough paid for. 

Like I said there was no denying this woman was hot 

"I'll speak with you after class Miss Hudson, and since you like talking so much why don't you give us your view on the sections Romeo and Juliet that I assigned." 

I rolled my eyes we had read that book freshman year why would she insist we read it again anyway. She gave us some load of crap about our views and opinions changing after four years but puh-lez.

Smirk still in place I answered

" Well Ms. Santos most people think this is the story of undying love and passion that transcends time. I mean here are two kids so deeply in love that they live and ultimately die for one another. They overcome a long-standing family feud and prove that a name is just a name. A word and in the end their mommies and daddies are sad that they did not allow the little kiddies to be happy" 

"I don't recall asking what most people think Corrin, I asked what do you think " Ms Santos replied. But at least she hadn't called me Miss Hudson, which meant I was temporarily out of trouble.

" I was getting to that, " I continued 

" Most people are deluded. If you look at the cover of the book the title is The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet not the love or the undying passion but the tragedy. This story is about wasted youth and hopeless despair. The Kind of despair that would make Two teenagers barely past the threshold of childhood end their lives. And most of all it's about giving up. Do you really think Romeo would have wanted Juliet to die like that, If he really loved her? "

Ms. Santos looked at me with surprise and asked who agreed or disagreed with me from there a heated debate raged until the bell rang at eight-thirty signaling our dismissal. 

I stayed in my seat waited around while the class dispersed.

Ms. Santo's erased the board and while I admired her shapely ass swaying back and forth as she went about her task. I'm pretty sure I'm a lesbian due to the fact that I'm 18 and have never had any real sexual interest in boys. Women have always occupied my fantasies and I had been with less than a handful other girls. At the time I'd dismissed it as just the usual teenaged curiosity but more and more I was beginning to know better.

Turning around abruptly Ms Santos crossed her arms across her chest and from the twinkle in her eye I suspected she'd caught me checking her out but I couldn't be sure.

She walked around to the front of her desk and leaned there facing me with her arms still crossed. 

She was just standing there and time was ticking by I glanced at the clock above the chalkboard. It was already 8:34 and the next bell was ringing I looked toward the door and then back at my silent teacher. In answer to my unasked question she said

"I don't have a second period class are you in a rush?"

Hell yes I was in a rush, I had gym second period and the Teacher Mr. Duff was a real hard ass 

I'd have to run five laps for every minute I was late and since we only had three minutes to change I usually hightailed it to gym at top speed after English to get there before passing time was even over to allow myself at least 6 minute to change. But no way was I going to plead with the bitch. I'd rather run laps all day.

I looked back at her and smiled 

" Not at all" I said lying through my teeth.

" Good I'm glad to hear that "she said finally uncrossing her arms and walking over to shut the door that had been left open after first period was dismissed.

She walked over and resumed her leaning position except this time she placed her hand on either side of her body and rested them on the desk.

" I really enjoyed what you said in class" she said looking at me

"So you agree" I replied 

"Not exactly, Corrin, It's just interesting to hear from a student who thinks for herself" 

"Just as long as I only speak when spoken to or when asked to really" 

I said referring to my smart assed remark from earlier. I knew I was pushing her buttons as a matter of fact I was doing it on purpose.

She just looked at me with contempt and said

"I'll be expecting you to meet me after school for the next week for detention. For your tardiness and insubordination. The last bell rings at 2:40 so I expect you here at 2:45 promptly you will stay here until 3:45 at which time you will be dismissed. In the real world lateness is not tolerated nor will it be tolerated in my classroom, You must learn that you cannot act any way that you please. you need to learn discipline."

I laughed aloud and replied 

" The real world, you have to be kidding me. In the real world I doubt that my future employees will expect me to read what the state deems as the classics and I guarantee if I am late for work my boss will not make me run laps around the building. Furthermore unless my career choice specifically entails it I seriously doubt that I'll be using any calculus or chemistry equations. And I can assure you" 

I said standing 

"That when I do choose a career or even have a job I'll make sure I don't need to wake up before seven to get there also as an added bonus I suspect they'll be paying me. And you can save your education is the only payment you need speech because I don't know of one business establishment in the real world who will accept knowledge as bankable currency"

I said walking out making sure to smile in her stunned face.

It was already 8:45 and no way was I going to gym to run laps for the rest of the period

So I did what any kid would do forged a doctors note and took it to old hard ass Duff

After that my day flew by and before I knew it, it was 2:40 and I was headed to detention.

I was a little worried about what I'd said to the bitch this morning; she'd probably been fuming all day long. Never one to back down from a challenge I took a deep breath and walked right into the classroom and sat down in my usual seat front and center.


The bitch was sitting at her desk I knew she'd heard me come in but she was just sat there grading papers and ignoring me which was just fine by me 

After I had sat there twenty minutes the bitch spoke without even looking at me she told me to clean the board rolling my eyes I did as she requested. After I was done she told me to carry the textbooks that were piled in the front of the room to the storage locker in the back and stack them.

I picked up the books one by one and carried them to the back slamming them one on top of the other. I knew full well I was being childish but she had only made me do this to show she could. There must have been forty books in the front of the room and so far I'd only "stacked" about eleven. I went to get another book when Ms Santos stopped me dead in my tracks with a piercing look. I stood there for a few seconds before I snapped out of it and reached for another book

" Could you try not to be such an ass " she asked 

Without thinking I responded 

"could you try not to be such a bitch"

She stood up and circled the desk until was standing right in front of me just inches from my face she whispered 

"You think I'm a bitch"

the tone of her whisper suggested malice but never one to heed a warning I looked at her and shook my head and said with a smile

" I know you're a bitch"

Then I stepped forward closing the small gap between us as she leaned forward I put my arms on either side of her and placed the book I was holding on her desk which was now directly behind her.

I pressed my body against hers for a few moments and leaned forward as if to kiss her. She was now practically sitting on the desk as I raised my hands and unbound her hair letting the hairpins falls to the desk and floor. Her hair was magnificent it fell to the middle of her back like a blanket of black silk threads. I ran my fingers through her hair massaging her scalp and cupping her head my lips were inches from hers as she let out a low moan. I inhaled the scent of her breath and the subtle perfume of her hair I was teasing her with the promise of a kiss and running my hand through her hair and alternately stroking her back. 

She closed her eyes and moaned again as I pressed my leg between hers I could feel her working her pussy against my leg with our lips only a breath apart I whispered 

"Times up" she opened her eyes and looked at me as I pulled away smiling and looking at the clock 3:45 exactly. I collected my books and started to leave 

" I'd love to stay Ms Santos but I know how you encourage punctuality"

If looks could kill I surely would have died on the spot. As I left she didn't say a word. Just looked at me with something between rage and disgust with a good measure of unmistakable lust mixed in.

I walked down the hallway toward the stairs and noticed a large wet spot where she'd been riding my leg 

I ran my fingers over the dampness she'd left and inhaled her scent it was musky and strong then I ran my tongue over my fingers and tasted a hint of her flavor.

I nearly moaned out loud as I exited the building and I could feel the slickness of my own arousal as I walked toward the car. I couldn't wait until tomorrow

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The Next Day

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

I woke up at 7:00 before the alarm even went off 

I reached under the covers and felt my pussy it was soaked I'd been dreaming abut the bitch.

I took a few minutes to stroke my clit and finger myself into an orgasm running my hands through

My sparse pubes and rubbing my juices all over. I tweaked my nipples before licking the nectar from my fingers.

I got out of bed and took a shower paying extra special attention to my pussy. Then dressed in a short plaid pleated skirt, tight white blouse that I'd left partially open at the top to expose the tops of my caramel colored breasts and the tiniest white lace thong I had complete with a matching bra underneath. I found the perfect pair of black fuck me heels that I'd worn to a costume party that I'd gone to as Tina Turner. I examined the results in the mirror as I put two pigtails in my hair. I looked like a catholic school girl gone horribly awry. I looked downright sinful and I loved it. As an after thought I removed the panties and put them in my school bag and headed for the car.

I was at school by 7:30 and I went straight to the classroom.

Ms Santos was writing something on the board as I entered and closed the door.

She had looked amazing yesterday but it was nothing compared to today. Her hair was unbound and she was wearing a black skirt that was the same length as the day before. But this one had a split in the back and looked a little tighter too her blouse was also black. And although it was completely buttoned the it was so tight that it left very little to the imagination. She had a thin black leather belt on which was clearly an accessory since her hips were already doing a fine and admirable job holding up her skirt, she had on sheer black hose but what really cinched it was the shoes. They were at stiletto heel was at least three inches with a pointed toe and a strap that secured the shoe around her ankle.

Once she had finished writing on the board she turned to look at me and I nearly came on the spot because her lips were painted the deepest shade of red I could ever remember seeing. This woman's lips could put apples to shame.

"Corrin I'm glad to see your promptness is improving" she said icily 

She was saying something else now but I was to busy watching her lips move to bother with listening but from the way she was standing there looking at me, waiting I knew she'd probably asked me a question.

"What did you say " I asked?

She looked at me and repeated what she had apparently already told me which was 

"I said that I'm a teacher and I can't condone what happened yesterday, and I will see to it that nothing like that happens again. Is that clear?"

"Crystal" I replied matching her tone and mocking her 

I walked toward her and said 

"I love your lipstick what shade is it "

She looked at me warily and said

"Fire engine red"

"Mmm how do you think that shade would look on me?"

Before she could answer I was kissing her lips. Despite her earlier objections she barely even put up a fight

She was kissing me and exploring my mouth with her tongue. Her hands were already caressing my legs and moving up toward my ass.

She cupped my ass cheeks in her hands and squeezed gently, pressing her thigh between my legs

"Someone's a naughty girl" she said moving my her left hand around my front to cup my wet pussy. 

"Naughty little slut without panties to cover her wet pussy" she said moving her fingers up and down my slit and then slipping her middle and ring finger into my hot wet hole, she pumped her fingers in and out in long slow strokes. Pulling out all the way to her fingertips then pushing slowly back in, each time her fingers were completely buried in my pussy she used her thumb to stroke my clit. She increased the speed of her strokes but each time she felt my body tighten signaling an orgasm she slowed down again. Keeping me in a constant state of pleasure at what she was doing but also keeping me on the edge of frustration with her slow teasing strokes. 

"Please" 

I whispered my breathing was short and ragged.

"Please What?" She replied

"Please faster please let me come"

She smiled 

"I'd love to, but class begins in five minutes and I think you need to pull yourself together "

She said pulling her fingers from my cunt with a wet smacking sound and using the back of my skirt to clean her hand. Before I could utter a word of protest the teasing bitch had opened the classroom door. She returned to her desk after she sat she opened he drawer and pulled out a compact and a tissue and cleaned the smeared lipstick our kiss had created then went about remaking her face.
