 *Please do not reproduce this story for any other purpose except personal pleasure*

The rest of the day dragged by slowly as I had known it would, During lunch I had gone out to my car to finger my aching cunt but by the time 2:40 rolled around I felt as if I hadn't had any sexual relief in days. 

When I entered the Classroom Madison was putting her things into her briefcase preparing to leave.

I just looked at her wondering what was up I knew from our previous encounters that she wanted this at least as much as I did. She smiled at the look of disappointment that was reflected on my face.

" We're leaving, It's to risky to stay after what happened yesterday"

"Where will we go?" I asked

"I looked at your file in the office and your house is closer than mine" she said "I'll leave now and you follow a few minutes later, So that no one will see us together" 

"What are you going to do just park your car in my driveway and waltz into the house, the kids that live around me will see" 

"Do you have a garage?" She asked 

"Yes"

"Well then problem solved, I'll just park in there"

With that all worked out I gave her the license plate number on my truck and the general vicinity of where it was parked. Giving her the keys to my I told her to get the garage door opener out of the glove 

Compartment and leave the keys in there for me.

Madison left before me and I waited 15 minutes, then followed after. Parking my car on the street instead of in the driveway I entered the house through the front door 

Madison was sitting on my living room couch drinking what appeared to be a martini, as if she owned the place. I guessed she'd helped herself to the bar.

"Make yourself at home" I said sarcastically 

Then without another word I put my book bag down, then discarded my dress and underwear throwing the panties at her and keeping my shoes on as I ran up the stairs toward my bedroom.

I could hear Madison's shoes on the floor as she followed behind me. I made it to my bedroom door before she grabbed me pressing my back against the door as she kissed me, and ran her hands freely over my naked body. 

I leaned into her enjoying the way that she perused my body languidly. As if she would willingly use the whole evening to become acquainted with every nuance of my body. However after a few moments, I was impatient whether it was due to age or simply the fact that I was insatiable I don't know, but I wanted her now!

I pressed my body against her insistently and cupped her ass in my hands grinding my pussy against hers trough her skirt, and probing her mouth relentlessly with my tongue. 

In response Madison grasped my naked ass in her hands and humped against me, increasing the friction between us and pushing me over the edge of climax. I bucked wildly against her, breathing heavily I could feel the thin patina of sweat on my skin. It felt like every nerve ending in my body was taut with pleasure. If the door had not been behind me I was quite sure I would have simply collapsed.

After my orgasm had subsided I opened the door of my bedroom and led Madison to the bed where she stood before me as I sat. I removed he clothes slowly savoring each part of her body and kissing each area as it was revealed. 

Once She was undressed I pulled her onto the bed, and began kissing her lips. I ran my hands over her breasts pulling gently on her nipples and sucking her tongue into my mouth. I could feel her slickness on my thigh as she straddled my leg. 

I loved the feel of her naked pussy pressed tightly against me but I wanted to taste her. Breaking the kiss I rolled over on top of her. smiling I began kissing a wet trail along her body. 

When I reached her pussy I spread her outer lips apart her pussy was deep pink and wet with her arousal, her musky scent drifted from her like the perfume from a fragrant rose.

I dipped my head lower and licked her slit. She moaned as I repeated this action again then pressed my tongue into her tight hole . I could taste her sweet essence as I continued. I pulled the hood back from her clit and rubbed with long slow strokes. I could feel her body tensing up in preparation for an orgasm and I pulled back slightly , teasing her into delightful agony. I pulled my tongue from her pussy replacing it with two fingers that slid easily into her already slick sex.

Her hips rose to meet my hand pushing my fingers deeper into her cunt. I curved my fingers forward a bit searching for her G-spot apparently I found it because she bucked her hips wildly , I had to use my free hand to grab hold of thigh just to avoid being thrown off the bed. 

She screamed clawing and beating the bedclothes with her open palms. She had been vocal in the classroom but that was no comparison to the way she moaned and screamed now. I was glad there was no one else in the house as the shut door would have provided little privacy.

Once her orgasm subsided and she had consequently stopped wildly bucking her hips I pressed my lips once again to her hot sex, this time I concentrated on her clit pulling the hood back with my thumb nail I licked her little love button softly. Her moans started up almost immediately . I continued to stroke her clit using the wider part of my tongue to apply more pressure. Her finger nails bit into my scalp as I bore down on her. Sensing that she was again on the brink of orgasm I wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked gently. I felt her legs tightening around head as she tried to pull me closer still. She was screaming my name now, over and over again like the slow rhythmic pulsating of a drum . And her hands gripped my hair so tightly I feared she would tear it from it roots. But I kept up the pace once again using her thigh as an anchor in the onslaught of her climax. 

I was positively exhausted Sex with Madison was an aerobic workout . I crawled up her body and lay next to her with my leg draped casually about her hips. She kissed my lips savoring her flavor on my tongue while rolling my left nipple gently between her thumb and forefinger. She broke the kiss keeping her delightful fingers in motion. Looking into my eyes she smiled leaning over me and shifting my leg off of her as her free hand made it's way down my belly and to my moist bush. 

"I'm tired" I said. 

Yet I was already spreading my legs in anticipation. Her eyes never left my face as her fingers spread my nether lips. Pushing her middle and ring finger deep within me while her thumb stroked my sensitive clit. I moaned aloud with her hand in my pussy and the other on my breast I came within moments. 

Madison left her fingers inside of me for a bit before pulling them out with a loud wet pop. She put her come coated fingers in her mouth with an exaggerated 

"Mmm" 

she rolled her beautiful blue eyes in feigned ecstasy. Then without any further ado she knelt on the bed between my legs which were still akimbo. Hoisting my legs onto he shoulders she dived between my legs giving my cunt a steamy open mouthed kiss. She spread my outer lips and used her right forefinger to push back the hood so that my clit was fully exposed. When she licked me it felt as though an electric shock was passing through every nerve ending in my body. She was relentless , and in moments I was coming again. Yet she didn't stop she just kept it up until my orgasms piggy backed I could feel the sweat on my thighs and her hands slipped slightly where she was holding me.

"Madison" I groaned .

She raised her head a little smirk playing on he wet lips.

"Stop, I can't take anymore"

We embraced loosely as she crawled up and lay next to me on the bed. I was so tired that a few moments later my eyes closed and I was asleep. When I awoke a few hours later the bed beside me was empty. I was a little disenchanted to find myself alone. I hadn't really expected Madison to stay but I'd wanted her to. When I wandered downstairs still completely naked and more than a little sticky from my afternoon antics, her car was indeed gone from the garage. 

With a slight smile on my lips I realized that she had not returned my garage door opener and therefore had total access to my house unless I decided to lock the interior door that led inside. 

Walking Back upstairs I headed straight to the bathroom for a much needed shower. Once inside I started the water and was about to ease myself beneath the pulsating jet when the bottle of depilatory cream I usually used to render my legs hairless caught my eye and a deliciously naughty idea crossed my mind. Grabbing the cream from the shelf and a pair of scissors I started my task. Carefully trimming most of the curly hair from my mound then spreading a layer of the cream on the rest I simply waited.

Once the allotted time had passed I stepped under the warm spray of the shower and used a washcloth to remove the cream. 

It felt amazing to have all the hair gone from my mound even after the afternoon of sex I couldn't stop stroking my pussy. It was so smooth. I smiled and got a shot of sexual excitement every time I thought of how Madison would react.

To be continued...

Part four coming soon please vote and send feedback especially those who have ideas or suggestions for Corrin and Madison.