 Please don't view this story if you are under the age of 18 or if otherwise prohibited by local law. 

Enjoy.... (Ps the first paragraph is from Ch. 7 in order for the story to flow and make sense so don't get confused lol)

I wouldn't have objected to a wild afternoon of sex, but I realized that as intimate as Madi and I were there was still so much we didn't know about one another. I desperately wanted to know who she was and I hoped to God that the love I was so sure I felt for her, would only grow with each new discovery. 

I sat beside her not knowing exactly what to say, I watched her for a while in silence. For the first time in a long time I was speechless I knew what I wanted to ask her but I couldn't form the questions. I'd never been in a relationship with an adult and while I liked to believe I was grown I knew I still had so much to learn. How did two grown women interact? And how did I get to the point where I'd feel as though I was on equal footing with her? What was there beyond sex? 

I had so many questions I wanted answers to, but the answers weren't presenting themselves. The type of knowledge found in books wouldn't help me here, there was no lesson plans or Cliff's notes that would offer me an explanation or even a brief tutorial on love. The silence that had seemed interminable had really lasted only a few moments. Madison had been staring at me as I watched her and she smiled at me. I felt like exactly what I was, an awkward teenager, well maybe not awkward but inexperienced insofar as relationships went. 

When she smiled at me she managed to ease some of my doubts just a little without even knowing it. She lay back on the bed and held her arms out to me and I fell into her embrace. She just held me without speaking, and I felt more content than ever before. At some point I fell asleep in her strong arms and slept for hours. When I woke I could tell by her slow rhythmic breathing that Madison was still asleep. I turned slightly and rested my head on my upper arm and watched her. She woke up sometime later and smiled at me again; I returned her smile and silently began to run my hands over her body. She allowed my hands to posses her body without question or restraint, I cupped her breast in my hand feeling her nipple harden and pucker beneath my palm, she arched her back only slightly pushing her breast against my hand, I teased her with my fingertips making her moan and squirm, she was begging with her body but hadn't spoken a word. I took her hard and fast the way I knew she liked we were all tense muscles sweaty skin and biting teeth. I marked her with tiny bite marks that would fade before she'd even left my bed, and left trails of wetness on her skin as I ran my tongue over her. I made her scream my name until she was stuttering and trying her damndest to breathe while I licked sucked and nibbled on her clit. I didn't stop until she pushed my head away and even then I let my fingers drift to the sensitive place between her thighs, to lightly stroke her wet slippery skin. As I ran the tip of my index finger over her clit in feather light strokes she looked at me, her eyes weren't quite focused as she stared into my face. 

"Jesus Christ!" 

She whispered as I slipped my fingers lower and gently entered her. It only took a few soft thrusts for her muscles to clench around my fingers, and her body to tremble. I laughed just a little as her hands clutched the sheets and her eyes closed, I could do this all day but this time when she pushed my hand away I knew I should really stop. 

I trailed her wetness up her abdomen and rested my hand just above her navel; I could feel her breathing retuning to normal beneath my palm. My head was on her shoulder and I didn't realize she'd fallen asleep until I shifted to look into her face. I kissed her lips gently not wanting to disturb her. I laid with her for another half an hour before I grew restless and, felt the urge to rise. I got up and put on a robe and went down stairs. I made a sandwich and thanked the lord above that Madison had, had the foresight to get some food. As much as I didn't want to I sat at the kitchen table and did some more homework; I couldn't afford to slack off too much because it would be a waste and a shame to let my GPA drop in my senior year. I had promises to keep and I couldn't lose sight of that. Before my mother had passed I'd promised her I'd always do my best at whatever I did. At the time I'd thought it was just empty words meant to comfort her but those words had stuck with me. As cheesy as it sounds when said out loud, or even written, whatever I chose to do I did it to the best of my ability, there was shame in failing but there was shame in not trying. I was 2/3 of the way done with the work I'd missed when Madison came downstairs fully dressed. I heard her footsteps in the hallway before I felt her presence in the room. She watched me for a minute or two before she spoke. 

"Why did you let me sleep so long?" 

I looked at the clock on the wall and noted that it was half past six. "I didn't want to wake you." I said standing and stepping toward her. 

We embraced loosely "You exhaust me." She told me with a smile. 

"Good" I said kissing her briefly on the lips. 

"Yes it was." Madison replied.

I laughed and squeezed her ass. 

"Oh no you don't, I've got to go, I have papers to grade and you still have work to do" she said glancing at the table.

I wanted her to stay but she was right we both had work to do; besides the longer she stayed the harder it was when she had to go. I sighed but didn't say anything when she stepped away from me. 

"Baby don't look so sad you'll see me tomorrow." 

"I know." I said trying to smile even though I wanted to have a tantrum and beg her to stay with me. 

She touched my face and said goodbye before grabbing her keys off of the table and departing. I didn't cry but I really wanted too, I couldn't understand why I was so god damn emotional. I sat at the table and did two more straight hours of homework before calling it quits. I was tired and I almost would have gone to bed despite the fact that it was only 8:30 but just as I was lying down my cell phone rang. I picked it up and looked at the caller ID screen, for a split second I wanted not to answer but I knew I owed Courtney more than that, although she'd said everything was fine I knew that if I kept brushing her off and ignoring her I'd end up really hurting her, and I didn't want that. 

"You were supposed to be calling me, you bitch." Courtney said as soon as I answered the phone. 

"Hello to you too "I said laughing. 

"What's good?" 

"Nothing, I was about to lay down, why?" 

"Girl it's only like 8:30 what are you 70?" 

"No I'm just tired." I said

"Whatever Corrin, I'm coming over I'll be there in like fifteen minutes so try not to fall asleep before I get there."

She hung up before I could protest. I threw on a pair of jeans and a sour apple green novelty T-shirt with the words "I Love Ashton" scrawled across the front in bright yellow, cursive letters. Two months ago I wouldn't have cared if she saw me stark naked, but now I was more guarded because even though I loved Madison, my attraction to Courtney was just as strong as it had always been. 

True to her word Courtney showed up fifteen minutes later, she rang the bell and I opened the door. She went right to the kitchen and opened the drawer where I kept the take out menus. "Did you eat yet?" she asked me 

"Not dinner." 

"What do you want to order?" She said rifling through the assorted menus 

"I don't know I have food here so I could always make something." 

She turned to me and stared "you have what here?" 

"I have food; I um went to the market." I said.

"I'm sorry you're going to have to repeat that Corrin, I'm afraid I don't speak crazy talk." 

"Is it so hard to believe I went grocery shopping?" 

"Hell yes." Courtney said walking over to the fridge. She opened the door and gasped loudly for dramatic effect. She closed the door then went over to the cabinets and started opening and closing them. 

"Wow I can't believe your girlfriend actually went shopping for you, that's some great service. Did she pay too? Hell maybe I need a girlfriend" she said 

Her back was to me and I was glad because it kept her from seeing the expression on my face. 

"Girl what are you talking about?" I asked, laughing and trying to cover my nervousness. 

"I know you did not buy this" she said holding up a box of low-fat cereal. "Or this" this showed me a box of Healthy Choice popcorn. "Or any of that" She said pointing to the bowl of fruit Madison had left in plain view on the countertop.

"I've decided to eat healthy." I shrugged 

"When do I get to meet this chick?" Courtney said completely ignoring my last statement. 

"I don't know" I told her.

"Okay when will you know?" 

"I can't say." 

"Well what can you say Corrin?" 

"I can't say anything Courtney, I told her I wouldn't." 

"Jesus Corrin you really don't trust me do you?" 

"Courtney it's not that, everything is more complicated than I ever imagined it would be, I'd love to be able to tell you but I can't." 

She stared at me for a while before she spoke. "If I was going to tell anyone you're sleeping with Miss Santos I'd already have told." 

I was too shocked to remember to deny what she had just said. "How did you know?" 

"I know you better than anyone in the world, I see the way you look at her, how could I not know?" 

"Does anybod..." "Nobody else knows" she said cutting me off before I could get the question out. "Not even Jess and I wont say a word." 

"You know I couldn't tell you" I said looking at her.

"I know but I also wanted you to know that I knew, you just can't runaway whenever you two have a fight or whatever. I wanted you to know I'm here for you." 

"Thanks" was all I could think to say. 

"Well, this is awkward." She said after silence had filled the room for more than two minutes. 

I laughed and she smiled and things seemed almost normal. 

"Let's get some Chinese" She said, a few seconds later. 

We ordered the food and when it came we sat on the couch laughing and talking. I realized how much I'd missed this interaction and smiled again. We talked about nothing and everything, well almost everything twice Courtney tried to prod me into talking about Madison and both times I changed the topic. Because it was so late Courtney ended up staying the night. The next morning she borrowed an outfit from me and we picked Jessica up before heading to school. 

I felt a little nervous because I knew I'd have to tell Madison about Courtney knowing. I didn't want to tell her but I knew that if I didn't tell her and she found out she'd be mad and more over she might not trust me. After all if I kept that from her what else might I be holding back? I didn't even want to think of the fact that the only way she'd know aside from me telling her was if Courtney told someone else. I trusted my best friend really I did, but I couldn't not worry. 

Since my friends were with me I obviously couldn't go to school early and talk to Madison, the three of us were almost late as a matter of fact because we'd stopped for coffee and bagels. The three of us walked into the classroom only seconds before the bell rang. Madison was in the midst of writing notes or some such thing on the chalk board but when we stepped into the room she turned and looked at me. 

I wanted to tear her clothes off with my teeth but I figured that would be just a little suspicious, she looked damn good in her fitted and slightly flared cream pants and matching sweater. I was having hot flashes thinking about her full lips spreading that deep red shade of lipstick over my thighs and... She snapped me out of my daze 

"You barely made it on time Miss Hudson; I certainly hope you're not already falling back into old habits." 

I was puzzled, we'd made it before the bell so there had been no reason to chastise us, and there had certainly been no cause for her to single me out. I looked away from her and turned to Jessica as the three of us settled into our seats. 

"Girl is it summer?" I asked her 

"Corrin what are you talking about you know it's the middle of November." 

I shrugged, "I was just checking because the way she was just sweatin' me I got confused." 

Most of the kids in the class laughed, and those who weren't laughing just sat there looking shocked. I knew I was going to have to pay for the comment I'd made but I was pissed and after all old habits died hard being in love with her didn't mean I was going to be able to rein in my sarcasm and be the perfect student. 

"See me after class, Miss Hudson." Was all she said before turning and continuing to write on the board. All throughout class I knew Madison was trying to catch my eye but I ignored her and for the first time in ages I focused on my class work. When the bell rang I stayed in my seat, I wanted to just walk away but for some reason I didn't. When everyone had left the room Madison shut the door and sat in the chair next to me. I still wouldn't look at her I just kept staring straight ahead, I knew I was being childish but I couldn't help it.

After a few moments of silence she spoke "do you have a problem."

"No do you?"

She sighed "why are you acting like this?"

"Why did you single me out this morning when we all came in late?" 

"Corrin look at me." I looked at her and she continued. "Did I treat you any differently than I used to before we were together? Out of the three of you, you are the student who has been habitually late and the student who would get in trouble if you happened to be late again. Yes your friends were late too but I'd be wiling to bet they rode to school with you."

I guess she had me there I had been late time after time while Courtney and Jessica had only been late one or two times. 

"No I guess you didn't treat me any differently." I said. 

She touched the side of my face with her palm, "I knew you'd have some sarcastic comment for me, in fact I was counting on it but I didn't know you'd get upset." 

"I wasn't upset" I lied. 

She rolled her eyes and stood "liar." 

I stood too and she wrote me a pass for my next class. We kissed only briefly before I headed to gym. 

I thought about Madison all day which wasn't unusual but as the school day ended I felt more anxious than ever, I had to tell her what Courtney had said to me but I didn't even know where to start, or how she would react. I'd tried to push the thought away all day but my worst fear kept coming to mind. What if I told her and she decided that the best thing to do was stop seeing me? What the hell was I going to do then?

The day flew by and before I knew it the final bell of the day was ringing, after taking both Courtney and Jessica to Courtney's house I headed home. I sat in my car for a few moments trying to gather my thoughts together, I was as nervous as I could ever recall being and more than a little afraid. Taking a deep breath I finally decided to go ahead and get out of the car, I felt as though I was heading to my doom but I couldn't very well hide in my car for the rest of the night. 

When I got into the house I was relieved that I didn't see Madison sitting on the couch, my relief was short lived, because a second later I heard the distinct sound of pots and pans being moved about, followed by the sound of water running. I doubted that a burglar had decided to leave me an impromptu meal before departing with my worldly possessions so I had to assume Madison was in the kitchen. 

When I walked into the kitchen Madison looked up from the vegetables that she was chopping and smiled at me. If I hadn't been so on edge I would have returned her smile and taken the time to bask in the sheer domesticity of the scene before me, instead I just stared at her. Noting my reaction or rather the lack thereof Madi's smile faded away.

"Are you still mad about this morning?" 

"No of course not." I replied

"Well then what's the matter?"

"Nothing" I said. 

"Whatever, I can see that you're busy so I'm going to do my homework." I said. I hadn't meant to snap at her, but just being in her presence made me restless. I couldn't do it, I couldn't tell her. As I turned to leave she stopped me with a look.

"Sit" she said. 

I pulled a chair away from the table and sat. 

She set down the knife she'd been using and took a seat across from me. At least she would be unarmed. Madison looked at me and raised her eyebrow "well?" 

"Well what?"

"What is it that you're not telling me?"

I had meant to deliver the news with some finesse but the words tumbled out of my mouth like clumsy children. "Courtney knows about us but I didn't tell her I swear I didn't tell her and I knew I had to tell you but I was really afraid to and I wish she hadn't told me she knew because then I wouldn't have had to tell you but I couldn't lie so..." She was just staring at me as the words ran together with no audible punctuation. 

She took a deep breath and looked at me intently, "There's only one solution"

"What is it?" I asked relieved that there was a solution, and that she hadn't even flown of the handle like I thought she would. 

"We have to kill her." 

"What, are you crazy?" I asked nearly screaming.

"Calm down I was just kidding, you know trying to ease the tension. Anyway seriously do you think she'd tell anyone?"

"She said she wouldn't and I trust her, but I wanted you to know because...well I'm not exactly sure why I just thought I should tell you."

"Why didn't you just deny it?"

"Because she caught me by surprise and I was shocked, besides we've known each other for ten years and she would have known? I was lying anyhow."

Madison nodded and stood. Walking back over to the counter she started chopping the uncut vegetables again. I was confused, I mean I was glad she wasn't freaking out or anything but I had expected her to be at least a little upset. 

"Wait aren't you mad or something, I mean I thought you didn't want anyone to know about us." 

She didn't look up and she spoke so quietly I almost couldn't hear her. 

"I'm in too deep now Cori, we both know I couldn't leave you, I almost lost it when you ran away so I really don't see how I could just walk away from you now. We just have to hope that your friend doesn't say anything and if she does then we'll have to deal with it." 

I just stared at her, my eyes teared up and I knew I was going to cry; I didn't even try to keep the tears from falling. When she looked up and saw the tears streaming down my face she put the knife down again and approached me. When she opened her arms I fell into them. "I thought you were going to leave me" I told her. 

She didn't say anything she just pulled her head beck enough to look into my eyes. I thought for a moment that she was going to speak but instead she kissed me. 

Her hands were moving up and down my back and mine were busy taking the hair pins from her hair. Without even moving apart we ended up on the floor of the kitchen. She was straddling my hips and using her hands to pin my shoulders down. She shifted slightly and pressed her thigh between my own. I moaned almost on contact as I felt the seam of my jeans rubbing against my clit. I hadn't bothered with underwear because my jeans were so low slung any pair of panties I put on would have shown over the waistband. She held me down and ground herself against me as her lips, teeth and tongue, kissed, bit and nibbled at my lips. 

She took me to the edge and pulled me back again, I wanted to scream in frustration as she teased me but I didn't. All I did was moan and squirm beneath her, I tried to meet her thrust for thrust but she was stronger and quicker than I was and never allowed it. Eventually she stopped holding my shoulders, and I ran my hands over her thighs, then up to her hips. When I got to the hem of her sweater I let my hands slip under the garment to touch her warm skin. 
