 Please do not reproduce this story without the express permission from the author. Copyright of destinie21.

The Next Day

The alarm went off at 6:00 and for the first time in days I hadn’t woken up before the buzzer. I was exhausted from all of my sexual antics, I lay in the bed trying to reclaim my fleeting slumber. After a few moments it became apparent that I wouldn’t be able to do so. I got up and headed for the bathroom pausing in front of the mirror to admire my denuded pussy. Moving on I took a brief shower. 

Wanting to pick out something truly sensational to wear I spent an undue amount of time deciding on an outfit. I finally ended up choosing a light pink, low cut cotton dress that had lace trim and little flowers embroidered on it. 

I wore a pair of lacey white bikini panties and the matching bra beneath the dress and I’d slipped an extra pair of panties into my school bag. As an added touch I put my long hair into two pony tails on either side of my head and put a pink hair ribbon on each one. Although I was 18 I still had the face of a much younger girl because of the set and size of my green eyes. The pigtails made me look even younger. I made my make up as minimal as possible in order to pull off the look I wanted. Adding only layer of gloss to my lips to make them shine.

I wanted to wear my white stilettos , but logic told me that I wouldn’t be able to wear those for a six hour day when I’d be walking the halls and carrying books. So I settled for a pair of white platform sandals that strapped around the ankle.

By the time I left it was already seven o’clock and it was 7:10 by the time I pulled into the parking lot at school . I hurried from my car and literally ran up to Madison’s classroom. Once again I was amazed because she looked amazing . She was the kind of woman other women secretly hated because no matter what she wore it seemed to not only look good but as if it had been made for her.

Today she wore an orange dress that was sleeveless and buttoned up the front. The dress was fitted through the waist then flared falling loosely just below her knees.

Her arms were adorned with a number of thin gold bangles that would have looked tacky on just about anyone else, but on her they looked just right. 

Once again the god anklet glinted on her ankle but today I barely noticed, because it was her shoes that caught my eye. They were leather and the exact same color as her dress. The toe was square and the heel was at least three inches. Damn this woman could dress.

She had been writing something on the board when I entered and shut the door, locking it. But now she looked up with one eyebrow raised and a smile playing at her lips. 

“Do you like what you see?” she asked me

I stepped forward not even bothering to answer her question as I began unbuttoning her dress.

She laughed out loud as she stepped away from the blackboard and into my arms. 

I ran her fingers over the tops of her breasts and the satin of her bra. 

“We shouldn’t not here” even as the words of protest 

tumbled from her lips she pressed her body closer to mine and arched her back pushing her breasts harder into my hand.

“Shut up” I whispered kissing her parted lips

and continuing to run my hands over her landscape like an over assertive swarm.

My tongue touched hers and as my fingertips roved lower, to the place where the band of her underwear would be if she’d had any on. I dipped my fingers into her wetness and smiled when she moaned. Her fingernails dug into my shoulder blades as I continued my fingers moving in swift strokes as my other hand lifted her bra. Kissing a wet trail from her lips to the tip of first one breast then the other. I used my teeth to mark her breasts and still my hand continued to stroke in and out of her pussy. Faster now, as I heard her breath quicken and saw the sweat beading near her hair line.

I kissed her lips again as her hot wetness ran over my fingers. She was trying quite unsuccessfully to be quiet. Her moans were only slightly muffled as she leaned into my shoulder. Once she calmed she did not step back to break our embrace. I kissed her neck and savored her smell. I wanted to kneel before her, to taste the her.

I knew she would willingly spread her legs before me. 

But before I could act I felt her hands trailing down my back to my ass. She cupped it first through my dress then under it. 

“Why Miss. Hudson you look adorable today”

I smiled as her hand trailed around to the front of my body.

She lifted my dress and pulled the leg of my panties aside running her hands over my now hairless pussy.

It was my turn to laugh out loud as she gasped and nearly tore my dress as she yanked it up further, trying to get a closer look. Running her fingers over the smooth flesh Madison murmuring “una qué pequeña muchacha bonita”

which as far as I knew meant something to the effect of what a pretty little girl. 

I spread my legs wider silently inviting her to fuck me.

She took my invitation without hesitation. Dipping 

her fingers into my wet pussy and rubbing the juices over my pussy lips. I suspect she would have teased me if there had been more time . But she kneeled before me, running her tongue over my pussy. The sensation was familiar but all together more intense now that my pussy was completely bald. She spread my outer lips focusing on my clit. She pulled the sensitive nub between her lips sucking lightly. Then inserting first two then three fingers into my cunt and pumping rapidly. I tensed immediately and instinctively pulled her head closer gripping her hair.

I could barely breathe as she continued her onslaught. I was bucking against her lips as I started to come. All I could do was moan her name and pull her closer as I used one arm to support myself against her desk. My legs felt like Jell-O and I would have collapsed if the desk hadn’t been there. Madison stood, straightening her bra and dress before kissing me full on the lips. I liked the way I tasted on her tongue. I pulled her closer deepening the kiss and cupping her firm ass in my hands. She pulled back after a few moments,

“It’s 7:30” she said glancing ruefully at the clock .

“So” 

“So we should stop Corrin” with each word she buttoned her dress. I pouted though I knew full well she was right.

She gave me a look as she walked around opening the windows and said

“Stop pouting and fix yourself up” 

“I’m not pouting” I replied still pouting as I fixed my dress

My pussy was still so wet. I used my panties to soak up some of the juices. Then I took them off using them to pat myself completely dry. I walked over to Madison where she stood, and handed her the panties with out a word.

Her expression softened as she tipped her head toward me and kissed me softly.

“Stop pouting”

“Fine” I said and I really did stop pouting this time.

Walking over to the door where I dropped my book bag I reached inside and took out the spare panties I’d put in there earlier. Putting them on while Madison watched

I expected her to put on a pair of underwear too as I’d seen her do the day before , but when she walked over to her desk she just reached into her drawer and removed a black purse. She unzipped it and put the underwear I’d given her in there then closed the purse and put it back.

I kept my eyes on her as she walked to the door opening it

The first students would be arriving any moment. She glanced at me where I stood as she made her way back to her desk. I was about to say something but there were students passing in the hall. Madison gave me a look that clearly said don’t say a word. In case I hadn’t caught the meaning behind the look She firmly shook her head and made the universal shushing symbol by placing her index finger against he lips. Then she shot me a quick wink and a smile.

I picked up my bag and went to my seat. Students began arriving moments after and I sat there wondering what she was up to. I was deep in thought and I apparently hadn’t noticed the arrival of my friend Courtney. She was talking about god knows what and had clearly been talking for a few moments because she was in the middle of a story. 

I still wasn’t really listening as my train of thought switched tracks from Madison to Courtney. She looked damn hot in her low rise jeans and red tank top. Her hair was pulled into a ponytail and her lipstick matched her shirt. The way her lips formed her words was far more interesting to me than whatever story the words told.

She had stopped talking and was standing there looking at me expectantly. “you weren’t listening at all” she said 

“No I wasn’t” I admitted 

“What’s with you anyway Corrin”

“Nothing, I’m just a little distracted”

“By what?”

“By you at the moment Courtney. You look really hot today” I smiled as she leaned over my desk.

“Oh you think so Cor” 

Her lips were an inch from mine and I was looking directly into her eyes. I nodded my head not trusting my voice. She brushed her lips almost imperceptibly over mine before she stood upright. By that time Jessica had arrived . She was the third person that made up our little clique. She flounced into her seat in an over exaggerated show of indignation 

“Are you guys starting without me?”

“Never that sweetie” I replied 

Courtney smirked “of course not Jess”

The bell rang before we could continue.

I couldn’t have paid attention if my life depended on it.

My mind kept shifting from the fact that my teacher who was sitting on her desk with her legs firmly crossed reading out loud wasn’t wearing any panties. To the fact that one of my best friends had just kissed me.

The bell rang in what seemed liked moments and as I stood to leave Madison asked me to talk to her for just a moment. Jessica was ahead of Courtney and I as she left not realizing that we weren’t following. Courtney rolled her eyes and said she’d wait for me in the hall. When she was gone Madison shut the door and leaned against it. 

She had my full attention now, She extended her arms motioning for me to step into them. My face was inches from her face and our bodies fitted together like a puzzle.

I kissed her lips lightly at first then harder trying to slip my tongue into her mouth. But she pulled back and said 

“Your little girlfriend is waiting for you. You better go” 

“Jealous?” 

“Nope. Just possessive”

I laughed as she stepped back . I liked to see her sweat a little. The bell rang as, I turned and opened the door without another word.

Courtney was leaning against the wall of the deserted hall as if she’d been waiting all day , instead of just a few moments. “Let’s go” she said. Starting down the hall. I followed behind her, admiring her ass as she walked.

As we entered the stairwell she turned abruptly to say something to me and caught me watching her. She raised one eyebrow as I shrugged 

“Just admiring the view”

“All talk and no action” Courtney replied rolling her eyes.

“You want action?”

I closed the gap between us circling my arms loosely about her neck, then pulling her closer to me I kissed her lightly on the lips. Her lips were warm and parted willingly as we explored each one another.

we only kissed for a few moments before she pulled back. My arms were still locked around her neck , and I nipped her bottom lip lightly between my teeth before letting her go. Without another word I continued down the stairs leaving her to follow me as we rushed to our next class. \

The day dragged on slowly. Courtney and Madison ran like tag team racers through my mind. I couldn’t concentrate on anything. The sexual tension between my best friend and I had reached a palpable level, and Madison was like a living fantasy by the time 2:40 rolled around I was both exhausted and anxious.

When I entered the classroom Madison was ready to go. As we had done the previous day she would leave first and go to my house. She still had my unreturned garage door opener from yesterday so she would be able to park her car and enter my home unnoticed. I was to follow shortly after.

Madison had been gone for fifteen minutes when I left the building. When I pulled up to my house I decided to park in the driveway instead of on the street. I was purposely blocking her car in the garage so she wouldn’t be able to sneak out as she had done the day before.

When I entered the house I saw her sitting on the couch, with her legs crossed wearing nothing but her shoes. And sipping what appeared to be brandy from a glass. I smiled 

“Hi honey, I’m home” I said as I walked toward her. I took the glass from her hand draining it’s contents. Then kneeling before her on the floor I motioned for her to spread her legs. A request that she willingly obliged.

I kissed her thighs and belly running my fingers over her legs. Wanting to tease her to go slowly and savor her taste.

I ran my fingernails lightly from her ankles to her outer thighs while lightly nibbling licking and kissing her inner thighs. The scent of he arousal was all I could smell as I moved closer to her pussy. I stuck my tongue out licking the full length of her wet slit. Madison bucked her hips forward as I slipped my tongue between the folds of her pussy finding her clit. As I sucked her clit between my lips I slid two fingers into her well lubricated pussy and began to fuck her slowly. She bucked her hips faster setting her own rhythm. Her hands left my head as she tugged her own nipples moaning louder. I could feel her muscles tightening around my fingers as she started to come. I dipped my head lower, removing my hand as I lapped her juices. I used my fingers to rub her clit as I swallowed every drop of her come. 

When I looked up Madison was smiling down at me, I put my wet fingers up to her mouth and she licked my hand clean without a word. Then she leaned down and kissed me as I pinched her hard nipples roughly. I leaned back pulling her on top of me, locking my legs around her hips. 

She nibbled my lower lip as she ran her hands over my breasts. Pulling back she looked down at me 

“Why the hell would you wear a dress that doesn’t unbutton” 

Before I could answer the doorbell rang. 

“I’m coming” I yelled hoping that it wasn’t one of my friends who would walk in without waiting. Madison rolled off of me, quickly snatching her dress from the couch as she ran through the swinging door that led to the kitchen. I stood trying to straighten my dress which was wrinkled from being bunched at my hips, and Madison had unbound my hair as I knelt between her legs. I was a mess but there was nothing I could do about it now. When I opened the door Courtney and Jessica were standing there waiting. Both of them looked a little shocked at my appearance. Courtney raised her eyebrow in question as Jessica asked “What happened to you?”

“I was sleeping” 

“In your shoes?” Courtney asked skeptically 

“Yes” 

Clearly, neither one of them believed me . I couldn’t think of a plausible lie, but I couldn’t very well tell them that I was in the middle of fucking our English teacher.

“What did you want?” I asked 

“To hang. We haven’t done anything in days” said Jessica

“I’m sick”

“You’re lying” Courtney said 

“Come on Jessica clearly Corrin doesn’t want to be around me. I mean us” 

Suddenly it dawned on me that Courtney thought I was trying to avoid her after what happened that afternoon.

She was already turning to walk away as Jessica stood there looking confused. I grabbed her arm 

“Come on Courtney don’t be that way” 

She tried to pull her arm away from me but I tightened my grip, Knowing that I was stronger than her. I pulled her arm forcing her to turn and look at me. I leaned forward and kissed her. Her body was stiff and she just stood there.

I pulled back and looked in her eyes, I let go of arm but I stayed where I was. Our faces were only inches from apart as I said 

“We don’t have to fight about this. I’ll call you tonight.”

I embraced her, kissing her again this time she responded, parting her lips for my probing tongue. When I pulled away Jessica was just standing there staring at us.

I laughed but she looked pissed. 

“Jealous?” I asked pulling her into our embrace. I kissed her firmly on the lips. her mouth was warm, she parted her lips and put her hand into my hair pulling me closer. Her kiss unlike Courtney’s was wet but still highly erotic.

“I’ll call you two tonight” I said pulling away from my two friends. “I have to go” . With that I stepped back into the house closing and locking the door.

Madison was in the kitchen eating an apple with her dress on but unbuttoned.

I idly wondered where her underwear were as I watched her.

“Who was it?”

“Courtney and Jess.” 

“They gone?”

“Of course.”

“Good.” 

As she said this she threw the apple core away and walked over to me.

“I believe we have some unfinished business to attend to” 

She was caressing the back of my thighs as she spoke,

I pressed myself against her, rubbing my pussy on her thigh as she cupped my ass.

she moved her hands briefly to unzip my dress and pull it over my head. It was followed by my bra. Then her hands were back on my ass . She slid her hands into the back of my panties and ran her finger up and down my crack. I moaned wrapping my arms around her and kissing her. I felt her finger dipping into my pussy for a moment before she slipped it into my ass. I moved my hips faster gripping her hair as I shuddered in orgasm. 

Madison pulled away from me. As I loosened my grip on her hair. She had removed her finger from my ass and rested her hands on my hips. 

“I want to taste you” she said

She stepped away from me, pulling out a kitchen chair she faced it away from the table. Then she turned back to where I stood. Putting her hand into the waistband of my panties, she pulled forcefully ,the lacey fabric ripped easily. She threw the ruined underwear to the floor and pointed to the chair

“Sit”

I sat 

“Good girl” 

“Spread your legs”

I spread my legs for her without hesitation. 

She walked up to the chair, leaning slightly she ran her fingers up and down my slit. I arched my back but she removed her hand, pinching my nipples roughly. She stepped back again 

“Spread your pussy for me.”

I spread my nether lips apart showing her the pinkness inside.

“Now rub your clit.” I followed her commands rubbing my clit with on hand while keeping my pussy spread so she could see it. 

“Put one finger in your pussy for me.” 

I slipped one finger into my pussy as I used my thumb massage my clit. 

“Slower”

I slowed the rhythm as Madison stared at my wet finger going in and out of my pussy. She was breathing heavily as she told me to use two fingers. I did as she told me. I had never masturbated in front of anyone, I had no idea that it would be this intense. I wasn’t going to be able to hold out much longer, I knew I would come any minute.

Madison had her fingers buried in her cunt as she watched me. Her other hand was pinching her nipples. I kept my eyes on her as I pumped my hand in and out of my pussy. 

Feeling my muscles tighten around my fingers I was moaning loudly. My orgasm sent Madison over the edge. She was moaning and bucking her hips as she pumped harder and faster, pinching her nipples roughly. 

When her orgasm subsided she knelt in front of my spread legs, and lick my clit. I shuddered from the brief contact. My clit was so sensitive it almost ached.

“Did you do this for me?” She asked cupping my hairless pussy. I nodded in response. 

She ran her tongue over the smooth skin, then she dipped lower licking my clit again. She sucked it into her mouth lashing it rapidly with the tip of her tongue. I shuddered again, sweat was running down my back as I had the most intense orgasm of my life. It lasted no more than a minute. I couldn’t focus my eyes for about 20 seconds afterwards and I wondered if I would pass out. I didn’t blackout but I felt as if some one had taken my picture using an extremely bright flash bulb. Little colored dots danced before my eyes, Then everything was back in focus. I knew I wouldn’t be able to stand just then, my legs felt weak and wobbly and I was already sitting down. Madison was looking up into my face smiling. I leaned over and kissed her lips.
