 It was late Friday evening when I entered the boutique just off Harvard Street. I was running late trying to find something sexy to wear for my husband tomorrow night. It was our 20th wedding anniversary, and I wanted something special. The shop was due to close in 10 minutes, but the lady at the register told me to take my time, as she had some paper work to do after closing, and it was no trouble if I stayed after she locked up.

After trying on several cute nighties I found a leather corset, which laced in back, but zipped in front. I took this to the dressing room and tried it on. It was very tight and pushed my big boobs up and together, creating some rather spectacular cleavage! It was meant for someone with a C cup, and my double D's were spilling out of the top. I knew my husband would love that effect! Looking in the mirror I could just see the tops of my nipples peeking out. Perfect, I thought. This will definitely make his dick happy!

I went to unzip the front closure, but it refused to budge. I had quite a bit of trouble getting the darn thing to zip in the first place, but I thought it was because I had too much boob for the top. After several minutes without success I decided I had no other choice but to seek help. Peeking around the corner while holding my hands over my boobies, I saw the sales lady at the register, writing in a ledger. 

'Excuse me?' I asked, 'I think I need some help please.'

The lady looked up and I could see her eyes widen as she saw my outfit.

'Oh my, now that is very hot! You look fabulous!'

I blushed and told her thanks, but it wasn't going to do me any good to get my Hubby all hot and bothered, then him not to be able to get it off of me! I then explained that the zipper appeared to be stuck.

She led me back into the dressing area and asked to take a look. She explained that the store was locked up, and we were the only ones there, so not to worry about someone walking in. She then tugged down on the zipper, but it held fast. She tugged up and down harder and harder, making my boobs bounce and my nipples popped completely out! I was leaning backwards with my hands bracing me against the wall, just trying to keep my balance. Finally, with the corset down around my waist, she was able to get the zipper to open, and she removed the garment completely. I stood up straight and cupped my breasts.

'That was a little rough on my boobies.' I smiled.

'I am so sorry,' she said. 'Just a moment, let me get something for you.' She turned to go, but glanced back and said,'Just sit down on the bench, I'll be right back.'

Still caressing my shaken breasts, I sat on the bench as instructed. She returned quickly, with a tube of lotion in her hands. She smiled as she dropped to her knees, and squeezed a generous amount of lotion into the palm of her hand. 

'This is a soothing lotion, and should make you feel much better.'

I started to say something, but before I could react she had both of her hands on my breasts, gently rubbing in the lotion. I was more than just a little flustered having this stranger rubbing lotion on my bare breasts. Here I was sitting in a changing room, naked except for black thong panties, and a woman I had never met before a few minutes ago, rubbing lotion all over my tits!

'Don't worry,' she said. I feel so badly that I injured your breasts trying to get that corset off!'

'I'm all right,' I stammered, 'Just a little nervous.' 

'I must say,' she said, 'but you did look very sexy in that black corset. Your pale skin and long blond hair really sets it off.'

'Thank you,' I smiled. I was at a loss for words. The lotion had my breasts tingling and my nipples were rock hard!

'What are you using on my... my breasts?'

'It is a warming lotion. It increases blood flow and makes the skin feel warm and tingly.'

'Yes, well it certainly does that!'

'Do you like it?' She asked casually.

I slowly jutted my chest out, increasing the pressure of her hands against my nipples. 

'Very much so,' I answered in a near whisper.

She introduced herself as Lois, and I guessed her to be about my age which was late thirties. Lois was a slender redhead, very pretty face with a sweet smile. After a few minutes of caressing my breasts she smiled again and said, 'Almost done. Just one more thing, my mother always told me that when you have an owie, a kiss will make it better.' She then bent quickly and kissed each of my nipples! It caught me by surprise, and I audibly gasped as her lips pressed against my nipples. Then she began to gently blow across each nipple and the effect was if possible to make them even harder. 

'Oh god,' I moaned and tilted my head back, enjoying the erotic effect. Lois then bent forward this time taking a nipple into her mouth and sucking it gently at first, then harder. I moaned louder, and caressed the back of her head, holding her tightly to my breasts. I had never been with another woman, although I was somewhat intrigued by the idea. It seemed only natural, that when I felt Lois caressing and rubbing my pussy to spread my legs giving her complete access.

Lois began kissing my chest and moved up to my neck. I felt her hot breath on my cheek and knew I was about to experience a woman's lips on mine for the very first time. As her lips pressed against mine I opened my mouth allowing her tongue to slip inside. Her hand had also slipped inside my panties and she was fingering my very wet pussy. I was so aroused I couldn't do anything but go with the moment, kissing her back passionately and humping my pussy against her fingers.

Lois broke our kiss and said, 'Take off your panties.' 

I raised up slightly and as she kissed me again, I slid my panties off my hips and down my legs. Lois helped remove them from my feet, and I leaned back, spreading my thighs widely as Lois began kissing down my chest across my belly, and down to my pussy. I gasped loudly as I felt for the first time a woman's tongue on my pussy! Lois was gentle and loving, and was flicking my clit with her tongue. I came so hard I screamed! Afterward, Lois kissed me very lovingly and helped me dress. She selected another corset, one with a working zipper and unlocked the door for me. She knew that this was my first time with a woman and didn't push me to do more than allowing her to pleasure me. As I walked away that evening I felt I would have to come back and maybe return her favor!