 The low hum of conversation hovered in the air as the waiter appeared at the table with a South African rosé. The tables were decorated with a rich cream tablecloth, a decorative centrepiece and two long-stemmed red roses kissing each other in a thin vase. The waiter opened the bottle and poured a small amount in Louise's glass. She smiled as she swirled the liquid, sniffing elegantly and tasting a small sip, she gave a short nod to signify her approval of the selection. He half filled the redhead's glass, moving to fill Jenna's. Thanking him and swirling it slowly in her glass, Jenna looked across at her companion from behind her rimless designer glasses.

"Remind me," she inquired, "Why did I agree to this?" She reached up to tuck a lock of her blonde hair behind her ear.

"Because you would do anything to make me happy," Louise smirked, her emerald eyes sparkling roguishly as Jenna returned a less than amused glare.

"If she looks like the rear end of a rhino, or bores me to tears, I swear to god I will never speak with you again. That's a promise, Lou, not a threat." Jenna hissed through her gritted teeth.

"Relax, J; Sophia assured me that her friend is hot. Besides it's only for tonight, just help me out here okay? I really like Sophia. She needed a singleton for her friend and I knew you were desperate!" Louise's smug expression grew as she watched Jenna's indignant reaction.

"I don't believe you. Expect me to do you a favour and then you insult me!" Jenna grumbled. "Fine! If she turns out to be gorgeous, witty and falls madly in lust with me, don't expect a thank you."

"Jenna," Louise sighed as she began, "I worry about you- immersing yourself in work as you do. I know that your break-up with Rachel was hard on you- but it was three month's ago." Louise paused as she sipped her wine, Jenna sighed as her hand moved self-consciously to her necklace- she didn't have the patience to have this discussion now.

"I want you to get out there again- have some fun- meet someone. Sod Rachel, there's someone better for you out there, all you have to do is stop shutting people out and start letting someone special into your life." The genuine concern in Louise's voice touched Jenna. 

Before Jenna was able to articulate a response, the maître d' arrived at the table with their two dinner guests. Staring down at the table, Jenna shook her head to rid her mind of negative thoughts. She was not looking forward to meeting her blind date- she would hardly do anyone justice when thoughts of another sat heavily on her mind. When she did raise her gaze, her breath faltered. Across the table, she saw a petite woman with dark chocolate hair framing her face. Jenna slowly stood, a shiver running down her spine as the woman's icy blue gaze captivated her attention. 

Jenna's eyes widened as the smaller woman slowly shrugged her light coat from her shoulders. An impishly short, curve hugging black dress teasingly came into view and Jenna caught herself before a wide grin spread across her face.  With a smile and a subtle wink, the brunette extended her hand. 

"Isabella," she introduced herself. "You must be Jenna." 

Jenna didn't know what else to do but extend her hand gracelessly and stammer a response. Isabella's slight, tanned hand nestled inside Jenna's and the contact felt electric. Isabella's gaze fell on their locked hands and Jenna realised she had been holding on for longer than necessary. She dropped it and cleared her throat- a nervous half-smile forming on her lips. Hoping that Louise and Sophia had not been observing her bumbling attempt at an introduction, she sat back down and drew her chair closer to the table. Within moments of everyone taking their seats, Jenna felt Isabella's dainty foot moving against her calf. Startled, the blonde pulled her leg away quickly as Isabella raised her eyebrow.

"My god, I haven't seen you go so red in years!" Louise remarked.

The blonde jumped and she turned to offer Louise and Sophia a weak smile as her already rose tinted cheeks grew even hotter, spreading her blush across her nose. Bringing her wine glass to her lips, she shifted her attention back to her blind date. Jenna's powder blue eyes flitted to the subtle flash of cleavage just visible over the top of her simple but effective dress. The dress was designed to elicit a specific response and Jenna was not immune. Her eyes moved back up the smaller woman's neck to her face where she found Isabella's gaze determinedly fixed on her from across the table.

Jenna could hear Sophia's voice as she conversed with Louise, but she wasn't able to make out a word they were saying. All her senses remained focused on the petite woman sitting before her with an amused smile on her face. 

"I think I'll nip to the Ladies before we have to order. Jenna, do you know where it is?" Isabella asked politely as she stood, gathering her handbag.

"Uh...yeah...sure I'll take you...um there." She stammered as a torrent of thoughts hit her.

The pair moved quickly to the ladies' room on the far side of the traditional style dining room, slipping past waiters and waitresses as they tried not to break into a run. As the heavy door closed behind them, Jenna pressed Isabella up against it leaning down to kiss her hard. Isabella responded with her small and hungry tongue against Jenna's. The blonde's hands eagerly found Isabella's waist and pulled her tight against her own body as Isabella's fingers danced along the thin material of the camisole against Jenna's stomach.

"My god...I've missed you." Jenna whispered hoarsely as she pressed her face down against Isabella's soft neck. She began planting soft suggestive kisses against her shoulder.

'Mi sei mancata, anche," Isabella sighed. "I missed you too. I can't believe Louise and Sophia set us up on a blind date. If only they knew!" She chuckled softly.

"They don't need to know yet- it's too soon." Jenna murmured between her lingering kisses. "Please, Izzy, let me take you home?" Jenna whispered as her long fingers moved down against Isabella's golden thighs, carefully slipping up under the hem of her dress.

Isabella's hand moved to still Jenna's, her other hand reached to caress her cheek. Jenna sighed in disappointment.

"If we go now we'll arouse suspicion."

"I don't care. I just want you all to myself." Jenna pressed her forehead against Isabella's.

"Let's just play along for now, and then I promise, just us. Okay?"

Jenna nodded reluctantly, knowing Isabella was right. Isabella smiled softly and pressed her lips against the tall blonde's lips.

"God your lips have gone cherry red. Just how turned on are you?" Isabella teased as she pulled away and looked into Jenna's sparkling eyes.

Isabella slipped her body out from between the door and the mesmerized blonde and moved gracefully towards a cubicle. Jenna bit her lower lip self-consciously and steadied herself against a basin.

"Whatever level you want to assign it, it's all your fault." Jenna muttered in reply.

"Now, now, darling. I guess I'll have to do something about that, won't I?"

~~

When the pair returned to their table, Jenna reached for the bottle of wine and poured some contents into Isabella's crystal. Isabella smiled and signalled 'when' by sliding her bare foot up Jenna's leg. 

Jenna furrowed her brow, her eyes growing wide as Isabella's foot slowly moved along her thigh. She moved one hand under the table and attempted to swat Isabella's playful foot. Isabella relented for a moment before attempting again- a smile on her lips challenging Jenna to resist.  Goosebumps puckered the blonde's bare arms as Isabella's foot brushed against her thigh, determined to coax her into playing the game. Jenna picked up the menu and examined it distractedly, her eyes flicking up from the leather bound pages to meet Isabella's daring grin. When Isabella's foot made contact with the seat of Jenna's trousers, her eyes sparkled wickedly at Jenna's small gasp.

"What's the matter?" Louise turned to her friend and asked in a soft tone.

"Er, nothing...nothing at all..." she stammered as she tried to examine the menu. "Just the um, the price of the food here!" she waved her hand absently.

"Well, don't sweat it, it's not often we get to treat ourselves like this." Louise smiled across at Isabella before turning back to Sophia to continue her conversation.

Isabella rubbed against Jenna with the ball of her foot. She was feeling more daring than usual, and knowing how embarrassed Jenna would get at the thought of being caught, she couldn't help herself. Reluctantly, Jenna relaxed in her chair, rolling her eyes in defeat. Isabella smiled in victory and attempted to pull her foot away; knowing Jenna would become flustered if she continued the game. She found her foot held tightly in place by Jenna's thighs.

"Perhaps we should order?" She smiled coyly, squeezing Isabella's foot between her toned thighs whilst setting the menu back down. You aren't the only one to not play by the rules, she thought to herself as she grinned at the surprise that flashed across Isabella's face.

"I already know what you're going to have!" Louise teased.

"Oh? And what's that?" Jenna asked with a dusting of sarcasm.

"Oysters and asparagus in a garlic sauce," Louise predicted. She laughed at Jenna's confused expression. 

"They're all aphrodisiacs," she went on to explain as Jenna's face burned bright red. 

"Actually, there's no chemical basis to that theory. It's all in perception," Sophia interjected, her tone resembling that of a University lecturer's. "Asparagus and banana's are phallic and cause a perceived reaction, just as oysters and figs smell and look like female genitals when aroused- again a perceived reaction for the opposite sex." 

"Hmmm, perhaps I'll have the figs tonight then," Isabella responded. "Asparagus is definitely out. Who's having the oysters?" A small ripple of laughter passed over the four women as Jenna and Isabella exchanged a quick glance.

"Thanks for that, Sophia." Jenna smiled across to her, thanking the exotic woman for her salvation.  "And no, Lou, I have decided to have the Caesar Salad. Is that okay with you?" Jenna winked, shifting in her chair slightly, spreading her legs to allow Isabella freedom to play. A lopsided smile formed on Isabella's lips as she gently slid her bare foot against the blonde's inner thigh. She shifted her weight forward in her chair and leaned back. This new position allowed her the leverage to reach Jenna and keep up her tease.

"Bella, tell us about your latest trip," Sophia smiled, encouraging the petite woman to make conversation. "Isabella travels extensively for work and I get so jealous of all the wonderful places she gets to see." 

Jenna smiled "What is it you do, Isabella?" she asked before taking her last sip of wine.

"Well, Jenna," Isabella began, chastising Jenna with her playful glare, 'I'm an architect." She smiled proudly.

"Sounds fascinating," Jenna responded, biting her lip to stifle a soft moan as Isabella pressed her toes against her mound. 

What underwear is she wearing? Isabella pondered wickedly. "I love it." She allowed the words to roll off her tongue slowly. Jenna shivered in response.

"As Sophia said, it takes me all over the world, I'm never in London more than a fortnight before jetting off somewhere again for a few days." She smiled as Jenna pushed back against her foot subtly. Mmmm, god, I hope she's wet.

"Sounds fantastic, do you enjoy the travel?" Jenna rolled her hips a little, grinding herself against Isabella. Isabella's flicker of a naughty smile was enough of an appreciation of her surrender.

"I do, in fact I just came back from Istanbul a few hours ago. I was due back tomorrow but I cut the trip short." She varied the pressure against Jenna teasingly as she twirled a lock of dark chocolate hair sensually between her fingers.

"Wow, what was it you had to do in Istanbul?" Jenna asked politely, trying not to moan. She raised her eyebrow, tucking away a question for Isabella best saved for when they were alone.

"I visited a client who is looking to open up some hotels. Between meetings and viewings I had enough leisure time to take in some local landmarks. I managed to visit the Sultanahmet Camii- Turkish for the Sultan Ahmed Mosque- you may know it as The Blue Mosque." Isabella moved her foot again, her toes rubbing Jenna slowly.

"I've seen pictures- it looks beautiful." Jenna gripped the edge of the table hard and took a deep breath before biting her bottom lip, holding back a soft groan.

"It truly is. I've always been interested in the architecture of different cultures. Islamic architecture is definitely something to behold." She pulled her foot away and returned it to her strappy heel, smiling playfully. Her mission was complete.  Jenna narrowed her eyes, vowing to herself that she would repay Isabella's infantile scheme.

~~

The sounds of stifled gasps filled the small space of the car's cabin as Jenna and Isabella stole a passionate kiss before roaring off in the direction of Isabella's home. Jenna was giddy with the excitement of being in the driver's seat of Isabella's little beast of a two-seater and as she raged along the empty road she tried to ignore Isabella's wandering fingers. They had begun behind her ear, curling playfully in the wisps of hair laying there, slowly moving across and down to the side of her neck. Jenna rolled her neck and scowled playfully as she overtook another car recklessly.

With no music filling the tiny space separating their bodies, the sounds of the powerful engine resonated in the low sports car. The spoils of years of frugality, the car had been a twenty-ninth birthday present to herself, and Isabella had owned it for two years now. She loved it no less after that time, and perhaps even held more affection for the machine when she remembered the romantic interludes on the farce of a backseat.

The engine purred as Jenna impatiently heeded the red light. Jenna purred with equal intensity as Isabella's fingers caressed her left nipple, never taking her eyes from Jenna's expression. A familiar sensation was welling up at the juncture between her legs and her nipples continued to harden. She ignored these sensations as she released the handbrake, rolled forward and floored the accelerator. Flicking her gaze to the rear-view mirror, she was glad to see the outer city road was empty. The growling engine caused her seat to vibrate and biting her lip was all she could do to maintain her composure.

"Are you trying to get me to wrap your baby around a tree?" Jenna hissed as Isabella pinched hard.

"You can do that without my help, Jen, but you won't - you wouldn't dare get a scratch on my car." Isabella spoke firmly as she moved her hand down slowly, feeling her lover's taut stomach through the tight camisole. 

If she doesn't stop this, I'm going to mess her precious leather seat. Jenna gripped the steering wheel as the sensations swept over her. "Move any lower and I'm stopping here and making you walk." Jenna growled as she concentrated on allowing the speedometer to race past seventy.

"Do remember, darling, that it's my car." She slipped her hand deftly up the inside of the pearl coloured cami and playfully brushed her fingertips just under her navel.

"Besides, if you do that, you won't get your Valentine's gifts," she added as she moved her fingers against the waistband of Jenna's trousers.

The next thing Isabella knew she was peeling herself from the windscreen- Jenna had pumped the brake and ended in an emergency stop, half skidding. The car was now horizontal across both lanes of the wide road. Isabella's head spun. Had Jenna called her bluff? She straightened herself out and whirled around in her seat angrily. She wouldn't dare. Would she? As she swept her hair away from her face, she felt wet lips against hers. She smiled and reciprocated, raising her hand to Jenna's cheek, knocking her glasses slightly.

"Mmmm...god I need to get you home. Now," She mumbled into Isabella's mouth before reluctantly pulling away and revving the car up again as she adjusted her glasses.

Violently swinging the car back to the left, Jenna roared off again. The vibrations from the powerful engine teased through the seat, it was enough to keep her arousal peaked. Within minutes, she was thundering down Isabella's long quiet road. She came to a grinding halt outside a white bungalow with mock Tudor beams adorning the façade.

She clicked a button on a key fob and waited impatiently as the garage door lifted open. She didn't wait, the car being low enough to slide through when it was only half up, and proceeded to drive it into the garage.

~~

Isabella giggled as she fumbled blindly for the light switch behind her. Jenna's lips pressed tight against the smaller woman's neck, her hands busy at her waist, moving down to the hem of the tiny black dress. Isabella's back flattened against the wall as the bedroom became illuminated. Jenna's body pressed against Isabella's and she launched an assault on her lover's hot skin. The blonde's lips and tongue sucked against her partner's neck, playfully teasing. She grazed her teeth playfully over the wet skin and Isabella's grip on her shoulders tightened.

"Mmmm...I want to give you your Valentine's gifts..." Isabella whispered against Jenna's blonde locks as she felt the hem of her dress slide up and the fabric gather at her hips.

"In the morning." Jenna replied softly as she pulled away from her lover's neck. Isabella smiled in anticipation. "Here, let me help you with this." Jenna gently tugged the dress over the peaks of Isabella's breasts, tossing it to the floor.

"But I wanted to..." Isabella started. Jenna cut her off with a quick kiss.

"I'm tired, and you must be jet-lagged. Let's go to bed, eh?" Jenna suggested as she moved away and started taking her shoes and socks off.

Jenna tried to hide her playful grin as she turned her back to a flustered Isabella. It's payback time.

"What? No! I'm only two hours ahead...I don't want to sleep!" Isabella squealed in desperation, moving her semi-naked body behind her partner and pressing herself against her back.

"There's so much I want to subject you to..." she whispered sensually as her fingers slipped around Jenna's tummy and began the climb up the front of her camisole.

Jenna made a show of her small yawn as Isabella's fingers found her pert breasts, thumbing them through the thin silk and bra. She arched her back in pretend irritation at the feel of Isabella's kisses between her shoulder blades, pulling away gently.

"I'm too tired, Izzy. I just want to go to sleep, come on..." Jenna moved away from Isabella and began to undress for bed.

"Don't fuck with me, Jenna." Isabella grunted angrily, as she watched in disbelief, her fists clenching and unclenching. Count to ten.

"I don't plan to Isabella," she began in an irksome tone, "I already said we should just go to sleep." Clad in her underwear, she moved to Isabella's bed and pushed the covers back. 

Four... inhale... five... goddamnit... sei... seven... otto...

Jenna feigned ignorance to Isabella's mounting temper, laying her glasses on the bedside cabinet as she slid into the bed.

"Come to bed?" Jenna asked. Her words were laced with promise, which Isabella disregarded.

Isabella muttered a concoction of English and Italian profanities under her breathe as she left the room in a rage. Jenna settled into the mattress and snuggled into the duvet, grinning smugly to herself as she closed her eyes. Her own arousal was becoming unbearable but Isabella deserved the retaliation as payback for her sub-table escapades. Jenna's hand edged slowly downwards against her skin, slowly sliding her fingers into her briefs. She let her fingers move of their own accord, biting her lip at the feel of the silky wetness. She slowly began to move her fingers between her lips.
