 Sandy Wilson was fuming inside... When she saw her boss, Sharon, on Monday, she was going to let her know in no uncertain terms how mad she was. Sharon had asked if she would entertain two clients of hers, business partners from out of town. Sandy is 29, and the youngest female partner at the large law firm where she works. Sharon is the most experienced female partner, and she has been Sandy's mentor. Sharon recognized early on that Sandy was very talented and has been helping her along, giving her guidance on how to break through the "glass ceiling" and dealing with the prejudices of the older male partners.

Sandy is 5'4" and slender, with curly brown hair that reaches just past her shoulders. Her body is slim, and she likes to think of her tight butt as her sexiest feature. She spends several hours a week on the treadmill to keep everything firm. She has not had good luck with men at all, seeming to always attract guys that end up treating her badly. She has never been married, and has not had a steady boy friend for over two years. She has been concentrating on her career and hasn't wanted to take the time to find one. Sandy is not into the bar scene, preferring to spend a quiet evening at home with a movie or a good book. She has dated occasionally but hasn't found anyone interesting enough to get involved with.

Sharon said that she had been scheduled to meet with these clients but got called out of town suddenly because her mother was sick. Sandy and a friend of Sharon's, Alexandra, would meet these two guys and have dinner with them. The other woman, Alex to her friends, owns her own marketing firm. Apparently Sharon and Alex have been friends for a very long time, although Sandy has never met her. Sandy knows she owes a lot of her success to Sharon, and since Sharon has never asked her for a favor like this before, Sandy was willing to help her out her mentor. She didn't really have any plans for that Friday night, anyway, and how pathetic was THAT?

Sandy had never met either gentleman before either, so she had no idea of what to expect. When she arrived at the restaurant, she met Bob and Larry in the lounge. This looked bad... Both of them were in their late 40's or early 50's, with wedding bands and big guts. Bob had one of the nastiest "comb-overs" that Sandy had ever seen, it was obvious that he was totally bald on top with his long greying hair combed from one side to the other. Larry at least had most of his own hair, although it was almost totally white. 

Bob introduced them and then said, "Sharon said you were cute, but as usual she underestimated. You are absolutely gorgeous, Sandy!" 

Sandy groaned to herself, not wanting the evening to go this way. If she had to fight off unwanted advances, Bob was going to get a knee in his groin, client or not. "Thanks, Bob..." she said with a pleasant smile. Bob ordered her cocktail while they waited for Alexandra, and Sandy thought she might have to drink heavily to get through the evening with her sanity intact.

Shortly after the waitress brought Sandy's drink, Alex arrived, and Sandy was relieved. Alex looked like she was in her mid to late 30's, very tall and slender. Her pretty face was framed by her blonde hair, cut short but very stylish. Alex had piercing blue eyes that twinkled when she laughed. Introductions were made, and they all sat down. They had a couple of drinks before their table was ready, and Sandy could not believe how badly the two men behaved, telling raunchy jokes and laughing too loud like teen-age boys.

Larry was obviously smitten with Alex, because he took every opportunity to compliment her on her good looks, her sense of humor, yada yada yada. It was clear to Sandy that this was just as awful for Alex as it was for her. Alex and Sandy spent much of the time rolling their eyes at each other and giving each other little smiles. Once, Alex kicked Sandy under the table after she made a snide comment that went right over Bob and Larry's heads.

While they were waiting for their entree, Sandy had to go to the ladies room, and Alex accompanied her. 

Bob asked them, "Can you explain something to me? I've never been able to figure out... Why do women always go to the bathroom in a group?"

Alex replied, "To get away from guys like you, Bob..." She laughed, and so did Bob and Larry. The men thought it was funny, but Sandy and Alex knew it was the truth.

While they were freshening their makeup, Sandy said, "I am going to KILL Sharon on Monday. She didn't tell me that these clients of hers would be this old or this obnoxious."

Alex replied, "Yeah, but at least we met each other... I am glad of that. Sharon has mentioned you a couple of times but I am surprised we haven't met before. You know she thinks very highly of you..."

Sandy smiled, "I'm glad we met, too. If you weren't here I might have killed myself by now. This is about the worst evening I have had in YEARS!"

"Yeah, but just remember that when dinner is over, you and I each have a new friend while those two jerks are stuck with each other..."

Sandy laughed and hugged Alex, then said, "Yes, at least this 'evening from hell' has one positive thing come out of it!"

Alex asked, "You want to do something after we get rid of these guys? Go get a drink or go dancing or something? I mean, we're all dressed up, we should go out..."

Sandy replied, "Sure, why not? You seem like a fun person and I haven't had a night out for way too long!"

"Deal... After all, two intelligent, sexy women like you and I should not be spending our nights with pigs like these guys. I mean, my God, Sandy, my impression is that they would take us back to their hotel rooms and fuck us if we let them! As if..."

"Gee, Alex, where's your sense of adventure? Wouldn't Bob's combover look so sexy, flopping up and down? And that big, sexy belly, God that makes me hot, I can barely control myself!" Sandy laughed and Alex laughed with her.

"You are BAD, Sandy! And I love it..."

The two women made their way back to the table, and somehow they made it through dinner, although it was an excruciating evening. Sandy found herself tuning out the men and just conversing with Alex. 

At one point, Sandy noticed that Alex's nipple was erect and poking out against her silk blouse. It looked very sexy to Sandy. It made her think of her one lesbian experience, while she was in college. It was a brief but extremely passionate relationship with a friend of her roommate's. That was almost ten years before, but lately Sandy's fantasies had turned from men to mostly being of her with another woman. Sandy was thinking that Alex was very sexy, and she imagined herself kissing Alex, and the two of them lying naked together. Sandy could feel herself starting to get a little wet. The fact that Alex had slipped her shoe off and was rubbing her foot gently all over Sandy's ankle and calf didn't help, either.

When Bob asked Sandy a question, she was startled back to earth. The older man said, "Geez, Sandy, you looked like you were a million miles away there."

"Sorry, Bob, I was thinking about a case I'm working on. Sorry to be rude."

Finally dinner was over. The men were disappointed that their "dates" were not interested in dessert or coffee, or anything else for that matter. The two women said their farewells to Bob and Larry, and it was Larry who provided the coup-de-grace by saying, "I guess this means that sex is out of the question..."

Alex stepped up next to Larry. In her heels, she towered over him. In a low, measured voice she said, "Larry, out of respect to my friend Sharon, I am not going to slap your face, although that's what you deserve. Now you two get your old, fat asses out of here and if you're quick enough, Sharon and your poor wives won't hear that you made improper sexual advances to us. Got it?" 

Larry gulped and nodded and said, "I got it... And you're right, I apologize to both of you. Please don't tell Sharon about this..."

Alex said, "Okay, apology accepted. Now get out of here..." 

Sandy didn't want to say anything, but seeing Alex cut the man down to size was intensely erotic to her. To see this beautiful woman exerting herself, showing her power over this older, richer man, was bringing out feelings in Sandy she had never felt before.

Larry and Bob scurried off, and the two women laughed out loud. 

"What assholes..." Sandy said.

"I know, but let's just forget about them and have a good time, okay? So what shall we do, Sandy?"

"I don't know... Do you have any ideas, Alex?"

"To be honest, Sandy, the thing that sounds best to me right now is a soak in my hot tub with a glass of champagne. How does that sound to you?"

"Ooooooh, it sounds utterly heavenly. But I haven't brought a suit."

"That's okay, I never wear one. I love to feel the bubbles against my bare skin."

"Me, too... I hope this isn't out of line, Alex, but even though we just met I feel like I know you and that we are going to become good friends."

"I feel the same thing, Sandy, and I am definitely going to thank Sharon for having us meet. That is, AFTER I chew her ass out for making our meeting be with those two guys!" Alex laughed.

Sandy laughed, too. "I came in a cab, how about you?"

"Me, too, that way I didn't have to worry about drinking too much. I had a feeling this might be a strange dinner, and that I might need to get drunk to get through it."

The doorman at the restaurant called a cab, and they were soon on their way to Alex's house. Sitting in the back of the cab, Alex's wraparound skirt fell open and Sandy noticed that Alex had shapely, slender legs. They were trim without being muscle bound. Sandy did not like the "big muscle" look, but she appreciated a nicely toned body like Alex obviously had.

The two women chatted, learning more about each other. Sandy found out that Sharon and Alex had been roommates in college, and had stayed close friends ever since. Alex told Sandy that she had been married once, but "...it was over quick and that was a long time ago. He just couldn't handle me being smarter and more successful." 

Alex asked Sandy if she was seeing anyone, and Sandy explained her situation. When Sandy asked the older woman the same question, Alex told her that she just hadn't found the right person, either. They commiserated about how hard it was to find men that were interested in more than a fast fuck. 

Alex said, "To be perfectly honest, I would rather spend time with my vibrator when I'm horny, rather than find some guy who will probably not satisfy me anyway. Don't you know what I mean?" Sandy laughed and agreed, but she was amazed (and a little turned on) at the sexy older woman's frankness.

Soon they arrived at Alex's house. She had a small home in one of the nicer neighborhoods in the city. Alex punched in the security code for the alarm and they entered. Alex turned on the lights, and the house looked like something out of Architectural Digest, it was absolutely stunning. The furniture was obviously very expensive, and the art work looked like original oils.

"I love your place, Alex!" Sandy exclaimed.

"Thanks, I like it. You should have seen what it looked like when I bought it. I have put a lot of time and energy into making it my own."

"Well, it's gorgeous..."

Alex gave Sandy the grand tour, stopping in the kitchen to grab a bottle of champagne and two flutes. The tour ended in Alex's bedroom, where she opened a French door to reveal the hot tub on a small deck. The tub was surrounded by grapevine trellises for complete privacy. Alex turned the tub on, then stepped back into the bedroom.

Alex began unbuttoning her blouse, then she took it off, folded it, then lay it on the bed. Alex then undid her skirt and put it on the bed. She was wearing a lacy bra in a ice blue and matching panties, cut very high on her hips. She turned to Sandy. "Are you going to just stand there gaping or what?" 

Sandy just nodded, but she couldn't tell Alex the real reason she was dumbstruck. All Sandy could think about was how sexy Alex's underwear was, and how sexy Alex was. Sandy then started taking off her own clothes. She folded them neatly and put them on a chair. When she turned back to Alex, the taller woman was standing there nude. Alex had small breasts, but well-rounded with very prominent nipples surrounded by pink areolae. Her nipples were erect and stuck out almost an inch. Alex had just a small strip of hair on her pubic mound, it was blonde like the hair on her head.

Sandy's breasts are larger than Alex's, although not big by anyone's standards. Her nipples were also very hard, but not necessarily because it was cold in the room. Sandy was very excited to be nude with this sexy, powerful woman. Sandy keeps her pubic hair completely shaved, even her mound. A former boyfriend talked her into trying it several years ago, and she loved the feeling and has kept herself that way ever since.

Alex purred, "Oooooh, you shave? I love the way it looks, makes everything look so nice and clean."

"Thanks, I think so, too. Plus I also love how it feels when someone eats me, no hair to get in the way!" Jessi said with a smile. She was careful not to say 'when a boyfriend eats me' in case Alex was interested in her.

"Yeah, all that hair can be such a bother..." Alex winked at Sandy. "We should hop through the shower before we hit the tub..."

"Okay, lead the way!" said Sandy.

Alex led the nude girl into the bathroom, and started the water running. When the temperature was right, the two women stepped into the large shower together. Alex took a large sponge and got it wet, then began to soap the shorter girl's body. Sandy was getting aroused at Alex's touch, but didn't want to be too obvious. Once Sandy was clean, Alex handed the sponge to the younger girl. Sandy soaped Alex's body, reveling in how good her soft skin felt. They rinsed and Alex shut the shower off. 

The older woman stepped out into the bathroom and took two towels. She stepped close to Sandy and began to dry her, then handed the other towel to Sandy. After Sandy had dried Alex completely, they headed out to the hot tub.

"I can't wait, it should be warm enough by now. Will you bring the bubbly, Sandy?"

Sandy gathered up the champagne and glasses, and Alex removed the cover from the hot tub. The water was steaming as they slipped into the tub, easing themselves down into the water.

"Mmmmmm... I love my tub, I don't know how I would survive without it!" said Alex.

"This is heavenly... I love a good soak but it's been a long time since I had one." Sandy answered.

Alex took the bottle of champagne from Sandy and set the glasses down. She pulled the cork then filled both glasses and handed one to Sandy. Alex tipped her glass toward the younger girl's, and they 'clinked' them together. 

"To new friends..." toasted Alex.

"Yes, to wonderful new friends! And thanks again to Sharon!" Sandy's head was spinning a little as she sipped the champagne, not from the alcohol but from the thoughts and feelings running out of control through her mind.

Alex stretched her arm out and put it around Sandy's shoulders, pulling the younger girl closer. Sandy slipped her arm around Alex's waist, and hugged her close. Sandy could feel her erect nipple rubbing against Alex's. Sandy snuggled into Alex, and rested her head on the older woman's shoulder. Alex's hand was gently stroking Sandy's back, and the younger girl was revelling in the feeling of Alex's soft hands on her skin.

"This feels so nice... Thank you for inviting me..." whispered Sandy.

"It was my pleasure, and it does feel nice. It's been too long since I was close to anyone like this. Sharon was right, she thought you and I could be good friends."

Sandy was stunned. A million questions were suddenly flying around her brain: Did Sharon know her better than Sandy knew herself? Did Sharon know that she would be attracted to Alex? Did Sharon know that Alex would want her? Or did she just think they would be friends? Were Sharon and Alex lovers? That last one surprised Sandy, she had never thought about the possibility that Sharon might be gay or bi, even though she was attractive and unattached as far as Sandy knew.

"Well, I'm glad she did, even if the way she had us meet wasn't the best experience." Sandy was whispering into Alex's ear, and she kissed the older woman's ear and nuzzled into her neck. "And I have to tell you, watching you chew Larry out like that, cutting him down to size, was very exciting to me... Men can be such pigs, and it's always sexy to me to see a woman exercising her power over a man like you did tonight."

Alex moaned softly and turned her face to Sandy's. The taller woman put her hand on Sandy's cheek, stroking gently. Alex moved her hand under Sandy's chin, then lifted her face so they were inches apart. Alex looked into Sandy's eyes, then whispered, "May I kiss you, Sandy? I want to, sooooo very much..."

Sandy's response was to slip her arm around Alex's neck and pull her close. Their mouths met, and when Sandy slid the tip of her tongue forward, she found Alex's tongue there, waiting. Sandy was moaning softly as their tongues swirled together. Alex slid her hand down and cupped Sandy's breast, pinching the erect nipple between her fingers. Sandy moaned louder into Alex's mouth.

Sandy broke the kiss to moan, "Ohhhhh, Alex, I love kissing you. It's been way too long since I kissed a woman like this, I've missed this..."

"Me, too, baby, it's been a long time for me, too. But when I saw you tonight, I knew I wanted you."

Sandy's arm went around the taller woman's neck, and she leaned in to kiss her again. Alex's hands were busy, exploring Sandy's body as the two women kissed deeply. Alex's hands were squeezing Sandy's firm ass, pulling the shorter woman's hips in tight against her own. 

Sandy slid one hand down and cupped Alex's little breast, it fit entirely in Sandy's small hand. Sandy pinched the erect nipple between two of her fingers and was rewarded by a moan from Alex. Sandy broke the kiss and lowered her head to Alex's erect nipple. She took the swollen nub between her teeth and bit gently, then flicked her tongue across it. Alex gasped and held Sandy's face close to her chest.

Sandy was totally engrossed in exploring Alex's breasts and nipples. It had been far too long since Sandy had been with a woman, and she had missed how it felt to have all that soft skin in her hands and mouth. The older woman was moaning and stroking Sandy's hair as the younger girl suckled on her breasts.

Sandy rolled over so she was straddling Alex's thigh, and pressed her knee forward into the older woman's mound. Alex moaned again and slid her hips forward, pressing herself into Sandy. The younger girl started licking her way down Alex's flat stomach, darting her tongue all over. Alex was arching her back, pressing her body up into Sandy. 

Sandy looked up to see Alex looking down at her, and smiled at the passion that was clearly evident in her eyes. She reached behind Alex and took her ass cheeks in both hands, pushing upward gently. She told the older woman, "Please, Alex, sit on the edge. I need to taste you, to please you..."

Alex slid her hips up so she was sitting on the edge of the tub. Sandy knelt between the older woman's thighs and lowered her mouth to her pussy. Sandy was delighted to find Alex already wet for her, and ran her tongue deep into the older woman's wetness. She was rewarded with a sharp gasp from Alex, followed by a soft "Ohhhhhhhhh..." Alex's hands were in Sandy's hair, running her fingers through the curls.

Sandy brought one hand to Alex's pussy and gently spread her open with two fingers. When the younger girl's tongue darted out and brushed Alex's clit, she moaned louder and arched her back, forcing her hips up into Sandy's face. Alex's hands gripped Sandy's head more tightly, pulling the younger girl's face tight against her center. Sandy spread the older woman's lips wide with her fingers, then took her clit between her teeth and flicked her tongue rapidly across it with fast, light strokes.
