 Hi, I'm Alicia, I'm eighteen years old and a Senior at Central High School, I'm also a varsity cheerleader there, along with my best friend and lover, Shelly.  Yes, Shelly is my lover, has been since December when we got stranded at the Log Cabin Motel because of a blizzard. Since discovering the pleasures of girl on girl love making, we've introduced Brea, a quiet class mate, Samantha, a fellow cheerleader, and Rose Marie, a new girl who had problems adjusting at first, to the delights of girl on girl love making as well. We also have included our cheer leading coach, Sandy, and just recently my mother, Jean, in our girl on girl games.

We have formed a sex 'club' for women that gets together at Brea's house every Friday night. Since Brea's mother, Madeline, is a lesbian, it works out well for us. In fact, Madeline and a few of her friends have joined the club, too. I haven't gotten around to telling Mom about the club yet because she's so new, though I would like to very much.

At our house, we have this old, obsolete computer that's so slow, we don't use it hardly at all. Mom tries to use it but gives up in exasperation after a bit. I guess she talked Dad into buying us a new one, because today when he came home, he carried in these boxes containing a brand new computer with all the trimmings, speakers, microphone, camera and all! I about fainted when I saw it. After supper, Dad had it up and running in thirty minutes. We spent the rest of the evening taking turns at trying it out.

*

The next day at school I told the girls all about it. Shelly and Rose Marie wanted to walk me home after school to see it. 

Mom was introduced to girl on girl love making by Rosie a week ago when she caught Rosie and I fucking in my bedroom. Since then she has taken part in our little girl on girl escapades.

When we walked into the living room we saw Mom, sitting at the computer with her legs spread open, her dress hiked up and her hand between her thighs. She removed her hand when she heard us walk in, but didn't move otherwise.

"Oh my, I didn't know it was that late," she said. "I found these neat sites that I can't stop looking at. I ordered some girls sex toys, too."

Shelly and Rosie kissed her in greeting and looked at the screen to see what she was talking about. I looked over her shoulder at the monitor that had a site with a list of porn videos to watch. Some were pretty disgusting to me, but some looked very interesting. 

"You have to be careful what sites you look at though. Some of them are nasty bastards that have spy ware and viruses to screw you over," Rosie warned.

"Well, I'll be careful then."

"Click on the lesbian category to see what they have there," I suggested.

We saw the screen change and videos of women popped up. It was quite a list of videos with girl/girl action.

"MILF seduces teen, Teen seduces MILF, Mother Daughter Exchange Club, Teen and Granny," Shelly read aloud.

"What is a MILF," Mom asked innocently.

"Moms I'd Like to Fuck," Rosie said. "You're a MILF, Jean"

"Oh my, perhaps I'd better bookmark this site and come back to it later," Mom said, squeezing Rosie's hand.

I saw mom had covered the furniture with throw covers. She got ready for some- thing to happen! I thought to myself.

I sat down at the end of the sofa and took off my shoes, then curled up to watch them. Mom hurried in to the kitchen and brought out some refreshments, then sat down by me. Shelly sat down in Dad's recliner and Rosie sat down on the sofa next to Mom. I could see Shelly's panties as she pushed back in the recliner with her legs slightly open. Shelly is so pretty. I think Mom noticed it, too. I got up and went back to the computer and Rosie followed me. I looked at Mom sitting across the room with her legs crossed her short dress showing plenty of thigh. Mom had beautiful legs also, I noticed. She was smiling at Shelly as she uncrossed her legs. 

I found the site Mom was looking at and clicked on a lesbian video. I watched as two girls were kissing each other passionately. Rosie was standing by my side to watch it with me, her thigh pressed against my arm. I put my hand on the back of her knee and slid it up her leg to a round, smooth, bare butt cheek. Rosie must always wear thongs, I thought.

"Your pussy is really wet," I heard Shelly say.

I looked over and Shelly was standing between Mom's feet, stroking her panty crotch. Mom's hand was up under Shelly's skirt, feeling her pussy.

"So is yours, so wet and sweet," Mom said, putting her fingers up to smell and lick them.

The dialogue and sound on the video playing was so unreal it was really ridiculous. They wouldn't shut up, now how are you going to suck tits and eat pussy if you're talking all the time?!! Disgusted with the fake trash, I turned it off. Besides, I had the real thing right in front of me. 

I put my other hand under Rosie's skirt, placing a hand on each smooth, round butt cheek, and kissed her pussy through her skirt. She undid her skirt and let it fall to the floor, then started to undress me. I stood and we undressed completely.

Mom looked at us, not nervously this time, but with passion in her eyes. 

"Undress me," Mom said with a soft voice that almost begged.

She lifted her hips as Shelly pulled her dress up from beneath her and allowed the dress to be pulled up over her head. Shelly reached behind Mom and unclasped her brassiere, releasing the most beautiful pair of breasts I've ever seen. She stopped being my mother at that point and became a beautiful, sexy woman -  one of us girls.

Rosie and I sat on the love seat which was at right angles to the sofa and kissed. Shelly undressed then pulled Mom's panties down and off. Shelly sat down beside Mom and fondled and sucked her beautiful breasts. 

"Oh, Mrs. -

"Please, everybody, call me Jean from now on. Okay?" she said. "I'm just one of you girls now."  "Okay. Jean, - you have the most beautiful breasts."

"Thank you, Shelly. You're so sweet. Yes, lick, - lick my nipples just like that, it feels so good."

I went over to my original place on the sofa beside Mom, er, Jean, and licked and sucked her other breast while Rosie got between her lovely legs to lap her pretty pussy. Her breasts were bigger than mine but still firm and stood tall on her chest. I actually made love to her nipple by kissing it, licking it, sucking it, gently squeezing her breast and flicking my tongue rapidly across her hard, erect nipple.

"Oooo, yes, baby. Suck your moth - er, my titties just like that." she said.

"You're the most beautiful woman I've ever known," I told her.

I went back to making love to her hard nipple. Rosie got between my legs and licked my smooth pussy. Shelly got down to lick Jean's pussy for her first time with her. It wasn't long until Jean had a wreathing, shuddering, moaning orgasm brought on by Shelly's tongue. 

"Oh, god, I'm coming, don't stop, I'm coming," Jean howled.

I began to come after that in Rosie's waiting mouth as she swallowed my juices. Jean watched me intently.

"Yeah, Rosie, make me come. I'm coming, oh. fuck," I moaned.

"Yes, come, Alicia, baby. You look so pretty when you come. Let me watch you come," Jean said as she fondled my perky breasts.

My legs stiffened and my toes curled as I did as she told me. I always did what my mother told me.

Shelly traded places with Jean as I traded places with Rosie. 

"I always thought you were a pretty girl, Shelly, but now I see how beautiful you really are," Jean said just before her lips came in contact with Shelly's butterfly lips.

We were so close, side by side, that I could reach over and caress Jean's back as she lovingly kissed Shelly's bare pussy. 

Jean put a hand on my ass crack so I moved in a little closer to make it easier for her to reach everything. She rimmed my puckered butt hole with her fingers which felt so good. My mother always did know how to make her baby girl feel good. 

I slid my hand down to her luscious ass and caressed it lovingly. I wet a finger in her sopping love canal then inserted the finger into her puckered little hole.  I could tell by her reaction that she loved what I was doing so I left my finger planted there, wiggling it back and forth and slowly sliding it in and out. 

Shelly had her heels on the edge of the sofa, her knees high in the air. I watched as Jean's tongue licked lightly over Shelly's hood and little pink bump, driving Shelly wild with the sensation. Jean reached up and squeezed Shelly's perky breast as Shelly squeezed her other one. 

While I did all that to my mother I was licking Rosie's moist pussy with gusto. I inserted two fingers into her love canal and shoved them in and out as I licked her clit. Remembering that Rosie was a squirter, I prepared to back off when she came so I could watch the internal event.

Mom, ah, Jean had two fingers deep into Shelly's love canal and was fucking her solidly as she licked and sucked on her clit. Shelly writhed and bucked her hips as she got close to coming.

"Oh, Jean, yes, you're going to make me come. Aaaaaaaaahhhh," Shelly moaned with a high pitched voice.

I removed my finger from Jean's asshole so I could concentrate on getting Rosie off. I curled my finger tips to rub her g-spot as I fucked her pussy faster.  Jean and Shelly got up so they could see better. I could tell Rosie was getting close.

"Yes, oh, yes! I'm coming, aaarrruugggghhhh," Rosie announced. 

Clear liquid shot out from Rosie's pee hole in five or six sprays as her love canal convulsed around my two embedded fingers. Rosie herself got up on her elbows to watch herself squirt. Jean and Shelly put out a hand to catch a squirt or two to taste the clear liquid on their fingers. Some landed on my forearm before I removed my fingers from her pussy. I licked the liquid from my arm so I could have a taste.

"It just tastes like pussy," I said.

"It's unused lubrication that got stored up and then released during orgasm,"  Jean told me.

"Wow, what an intoxicating sight," Shelly muttered.

"Yes it is," Jean said. "Well, we need to straighten up before George gets home. I wish we had more time together when we did this. I always feel like I'm wanting more when we finish."

"There's Friday night," Shelly said.

"What is this buzz I've been hearing about Friday night? What is it you girls do every Friday?"

"We have a club, sort of, where we meet at Brea's house on Friday nights for some girl on girl partying.

"Her mother?" Mom asked.

"Her Mom's a lesbian and is one of our members so there's no problem there.  The only thing is, you have to shave your pussy to be a member in good standing," I explained. "We like to have even numbers so everyone comes as a couple."

"Yeah, we were thinking maybe you and Rosie could come as a couple," Shelly added. 

"Okay, I'll borrow my father's Caddy and we'll all go in style," Rosie said.

"But what would I tell George?"

"Tell him we're going to a women's club meeting where we discuss cooking, home making, styles of women's clothing, and stuff like that, and that's all true.  It's just not everything," I said. "I'll be with you so he shouldn't question it."

"If you have pangs of guilt for tricking him like that, we'll find a way to make it up to him," Shelly added. "I hope you don't mind if we young girls get careless and 'accidentally' let him see things he normally doesn't see."

"Tease him all you want to, Shelly." Maybe I'll get laid a little more often. Well, - I'll have to shave," Mom said. "Friday is the day after tomorrow."

"Let me help you shave, Mom, please, let me do it for you?"

"Okay. We'll steal away to my bathroom tonight while your father is watching TV," Mom agreed.

*

About eight-thirty that night Mom said, "I'm going to take a long, hot bath, my muscles feel achy."

She got up and went upstairs to the master bathroom. After five minutes I got up and went upstairs too. I don't think Dad even noticed. I thought to myself, nineteen years of marriage sure can dull a man's senses. Eighteen years ago he probably would have offered to scrub Mom's back or something. Tonight it's like, 'okay, whatever,' and his daughter is going upstairs to shave his wife's pussy! How familiarity can slow down a sex life.

I went into the bathroom as quietly as possible and there was Mom, sitting in the tub, all soaped up and ready for a rinse. She drained the tub and I took the hand held shower nozzle and rinsed her off.

The shaving cream and razor was laid out on the vanity so I drew hot water in the sink while Mom dried herself off. I put the trash can between her feet and trimmed her pussy hair shorter with some scissors. I could see her clit better so I rubbed my knuckles across it. 

"Ummm, Baby, don't start something you can't finish," she said.

I sprayed some shaving cream in my hand and spread it on her pussy.

"Do you want it completely bald or do you want a patch left on your mound?" I asked. 

"I'd like a patch on my mound in the shape of a heart," she said daringly.

"Your wish is my command."

I shaved her pussy as she sat on the edge of the toilet seat, then handed her a hand mirror so she could inspect the job. She put her hand down and touched herself lightly with her fingers. Her shaved pussy was beautiful! 

"Oh, Alicia, it's just gorgeous! How can I ever thank you," she said.

"You could come to my room tonight," I said. "My pussy is wet as hell and throbbing like crazy."

"Okay, I'll see what I can do," she agreed. 

I was half-way joking but sure was glad when she agreed to do it.

* 

At eleven-thirty that night I gave up on my mother coming so I turned out the light and got in bed. Ten minutes later my bedroom door swung open and Mom entered. She was wearing a robe that was open and a pair of panties, that's all. She closed my door quietly and shed her robe. 

She laid down on the bed with me and ran her fingers through my hair, raking it back from my face and kissing me passionately. I mean she kissed me like she didn't even know me! She was lying half on top of me with her knee between my legs, her sizable breast pressed against my breast through my Micky Mouse T-shirt. 

"I thought you weren't going to come," I said softly.

"George came upstairs feeling horny and wanted to have sex. He really was randy, he must have been watching porn on the computer. Anyway, when he saw my shaved pussy, it made him all the hornier. We have sex so infrequently lately that I just couldn't say 'no.' 

"Did you come?" I asked.

"Oh, Baby, I came twice. He is a great lover when he wants to be. It's just that his want to has been slipping in the past few years. We average about once a month now."

"Did he come inside you?"

"Yes, of course, that's what married people usually do. Why?"

"I was wanting to get a taste of him," I answered. 

"Oh, well, Baby, I wiped off with a towel, but there might be some still in me."

I pulled my T-shirt off while she pulled her panties off.

"Keep them handy," I said. "I keep mine here under my pillow." 

"What for?" she asked.

"Use them to gag yourself with when you start getting noisy," I said.

"What an ingenious idea! Where did you learn that?"

"Shelly and I did it when you were in the house or whenever she slept over."

"Oh. - Oh! I see! How long have you and Shelly been doing it?"

"Ever since December when we got stuck in the blizzard and spent two nights in the motel. Remember?" 

"Yes, - well,- that's a very good idea. I'll have to remember that one."

I pushed her back on the bed and got between her legs. There was a night light in my room but it wasn't very bright. I turned on the bedside lamp so I could see better. I laid down between her legs and studied her pretty shaved pussy, searching for a drop of the white cream that might still be lingering there.  Seeing none, I put my lips to her fuck hole and lapped it with my tongue, tasting her pussy juice and a trace of male juice mixed in.

"I taste a little bit," I said. "Next time you have sex, would you just put your panties on and come to me as quick as you can? I want to get a good taste of it if I can."

"Okay, Baby," she said but not with much enthusiasm.

"I tell you what, next time Travis comes over, I'll let you hide in my closet and peek at us while we have sex. Then you can taste his come in my pussy after he leaves. Deal?"

"Oh, I see where you're coming from. That does sound exciting. Deal! Just one question, how do I peek through that door?"

"Remember when I put a poster on it and Dad chewed me out because I used large screws that went all the way through the door panel? Well, the holes are so big, if you put your eye to one from the inside, you can see just about everything in the whole room."

"Oooooooh. Well, I'm a couple orgasms ahead of you tonight. Want to make up for lost time?" she asked me.

"You're only one up on me, Mom. I whacked one off while I was waiting."

"You little hot pants tramp. Well, I'm going to lick your little pussy until you have another one."

"Yes, Jean. I'd love for you to lick my pussy and let me come in your mouth, you dirty girl you. I'll bet you'll put your thumb in my pussy and a finger in my asshole as you lick my clit and make me come in your mouth. Won't you, you nasty girl."

"Fuck yeah! I'm going to fuck you silly, you little tramp. I'll make you come so much you'll be begging for mercy, you little vixen."

Ending the role play, Mom went down on me with love and tenderness. Now that's true motherly love, a mother who'll get you off after a frustrating evening, I thought to myself. No need to go to bed horny with a mother as kind as her in the house.

I let her lick me to an orgasm, then I wanted to lick her freshly shaved pussy till she came, stuffing her panties in her mouth to be quiet. Then she licked me to an intense orgasm where I had to stuff my panties in my mouth I came so hard.

*

Friday night came and all went well. Rosie parked the Caddy at the curb since there was no room in the driveway and we walked toward the main entrance.  Before we could ring the bell, Brea came out to meet us. I should regress and tell you that we stopped at a gas station so Mom could use the rest room to change her clothes. I believe she put on the sexiest dress she owned for tonight.

"Hello. - My stars, don't you look sexy to night?!!" Brea said in greeting.

"Thank you," Mom said. "Please, everyone, call me Jean from now on, okay?"

"Not a problem," Brea said happily. "Wait until you see who's here tonight."

"Who?" Shelly asked.

"Wait and see!" Come on in and introduce Jean and Rosie to the folks they don't know."

We followed her in and to my surprise found Samantha, a fellow cheerleader; and Sandy, our coach! I introduced Jean and Rosie to them and to Madeline, Brea's mother; Heather, Madeline's friend; and to Jenna, Heather's nineteen year old daughter.

"Wow, we have a lot of mother-daughter teams here tonight," I commented, not telling the ones who didn't know that Jean was my mother. I just let them think Jean was Rosie's date, which in a sense she was. We all sat around and chatted, drinks in hand, getting to know one another.

"Let's play the blind fold game," I suggested. "Who wants to go first?"

Brea brought the black scarf to me. No one volunteered so I spoke up.

"Alright then, I'll go first." I stood in the middle of the room. "Blindfold me, Brea. - You may touch me any place you want to and do anything you want to do, but only one person can touch me at a time. If I guess who touches me, that person will be blindfolded. The blindfolded person must stand perfectly still with their hands straight down at their side and they're not allowed to move their hands or feet."

Brea tied the scarf around my eyes and I stood in utter darkness. I heard everyone move around a bit then it got graveyard quiet. Time seemed to have stopped as I waited for a touch, and waited, - and waited. I began to wonder if anyone was playing the game or if they all went off and left me standing there.
