 You called up and said you had a huge surprise for me. I was hoping it was dinner and a movie, I asked for hints, but you gave me none. So I asked what I should wear. You said that little flowing black skirt of yours, with that tight, red button down, little shirt with a black silk thong and a black silk bra. I said that seemed very specific, we must be going somewhere nice. And you said you would pick me up in 30 minutes. I wouldn't waste time getting ready for something like that. 

30 minutes pasts and there you are. I answer the door and you say I look amazing and pull me in to give me a deep kiss running your hand up my leg to feel the thong you had requested, knowing it's only for you, I hate these things. And that's when you ask if I trust you. I pull away and say of course. You hand me a black bandana and say "put this on over your eyes, you will have to wear it most of the night."

I was like, "I trust you but come on it's not that big of a surprise."

You say, "Yes it is, it's requested you wear this. If you trust me, you will."

So I covered my eyes, and said, "I'm not talking to you. Till I know what's going on."

We get in the car and when you can't see it seems like forever. You slide your hand back up my skirt. I can't help but moan in pleasure; I'm so turned on by being held in the dark. You say see that makes you feel better, still mad at me? I said yes and I will be till I can see. You said I think that's going to be awhile, but I promise you are going to love every minute of it.

Finally the car comes to a stop; you get out of the car and get me. We walk a few steps and I hear you knock at the door. The door opens and a hand grabs at mine and brings me inside. It's not yours. This hand is soft and inviting, and I can still feel you behind guiding me. I ask if I can finally take this thing off, and you said no I'm sorry but you promised. Just trust me baby. 

And then from the other side of the room I hear, "That will be enough talking. It's ok. Keep your eyes hidden, I promise you will enjoy this" comes from a woman, she sounds very soothing but very strict. 

And that's when I say, "What is going on here, please tell me, I'm getting kind of scared."

I feel the soft hands rub down my cheek, "It's ok honey, I'm going to take good care of you, both of you," from the woman. She takes my hand and leads me to another room where she sets me down on what feels like a bed. It's got a very silky feeling then she tells me to sit back till I feel the headboard. I do as she says. 

When I hear you ask what you are to do, and her reply is to sit there and watch till you are needed. I'm getting so turned on but still a little scared, I had always wanted to be with a woman and you knew this but I had no idea it would be anything like this. I scooted up and felt someone get on the bed in front of me, crawling towards me, the soft hands grabbed my right hand and raised it up, at the same time I felt something soft and fluffy wrap around my wrist. She was tying me to the bed. She did the same thing to me left hand. I felt her lean down on me, she whispered you are going to enjoy every minute of this as she grabbed my right ankle to something off of the side of the bed and then my left. I was able to still move them pretty freely to a point. I loved every bit of her taking control and I could not help but want more and more. 

I felt her body come down over mine. She was breathing heavy on my face, I wanted her, trying to move my legs to help move her closer. But instead she was resisting me, teasing me. Making me want her more. I felt her breathe down my neck, her hand slowly run down my top curves. Stopping at my breasts and making sure to give them both such attention. I wanted her to rip my top open right then. But she didn't, she was still moving down. Her hands sliding down my stomach and now to my black skirt. I felt her soft hand reach under to my thigh. Running her fingers up and down teasing me. I thought I would orgasm right then, but just then she spoke. I see he told you to wear thong for me as she slides her fingers down the small stringy straps, and I let out another moan of pleasure.

I felt her heavy breathing now on my thigh, as if she were going sniff it. She was running up my leg with her face right under my skirt. I moved my hips towards her pulling her towards me. I felt her pull at my thong with her fingers still teasing me as I squirm to get her as close as possible. Taking them off slowly with her hand I felt her kiss on top of them slowly and back down my thigh. She untied one of my legs and slipped the thong off. I could hear you in the back ground but I had lost all since of where I was, lost in her teasing at me.

My hot pussy was now aching for something it had never known. I felt air fly through me, my panties off and my skirt hiked up and soft face breathing into me. A tongue now sliding down my creases feeling my sex juices flowing. Followed by 2 fingers sliding behind the wetness. My legs spread wide I felt her tongue slide back into me. This time it went deep inside me and I arched my back in the wet pleasure. Her 2 fingers back up to my clit now circling faster and my hips moving in motion I moaned in pleasure. I felt her move away slowly kissing at me and I said no firmly, she said ill be back. I heard her off to the side moving things around on a dresser and felt her come back to me moments later. This time her breathing was back at my face. She kissed me deep. 

This time I hear you, you liked it. And I heard you says "she's going to love that" But I guess you were not allowed to talk, she said next time you will have to leave the room. I could hear what I thought was you unzipping your pants and getting undressed but you seemed so far away I was unsure. After our kiss I felt her unbutton my shirt. She was unable to take it off because of my arms. Instead she pulled each breasts from the cups of my bra. My nipples large and erect waiting on her. She circled the left one with her tongue and then the right. And back to the left. Her hands massaging at them. Her hands slid down my stomach, as did her heaving breathing. Kissing down my navel she moved the skirt out of her way. 

Her warm breathing came back to my hot pussy, this time I felt something more. It was cold and sliding up my leg. It was round, just as I felt it touch my lips, she turned it on... she started at my clit leaving it there and me unable to hold myself in one spot had to keep moving. I Held myself up and felt her face come back inside of me, her tongue sliding deep right into me. Back and forth of me. Giving her full access to my ass. Her tongue slid back to my rim. Sliding in and out of it all around and back to my hole. this time she slide the large, cold, round vibrating piece inside my whole and went at my clit with her tongue. There was no longer holding the juices back. Once it slid inside it became wet and was able to move in and out of me with ease. She took it out of me and licked back down to my hole, making sure she got a good taste of my sex drip. She slid her tongue on back to my ass again. This time I turned over a bit for her. Moving my legs around to get her full access to my ass. She licked in and out and around. Using her fingers to move around my hole. I felt the cold hard plastic sliding back to it... as it went in I screamed in pleasure and pain. She slid it in hard and fast and brought her heavy breathing back to my clit. Sucking at it, licking and flicking it. I could not stand it. I felt myself orgasm again this time she her tongue came back to my hole and slide deep inside of me. Still ramming me hard in the ass.

I heard you again, pleading with her to let you help. This time she said nothing, she must have motioned you over. You gave me a deep hard kiss, I knew it was you. She was still ramming me and sucking on my clit again. Faster and harder now; I felt you get on top of my face. Your hard cock hit me on the cheek and you pushed it to my moth. You were on your knees straddling over me, my eyes still covered; I took it in deep with no other choice. You began rocking up and down on me as she sucked my clit she took it out of my ass and stuck it back in my hole, hard and fast, and took it back out again. I felt her soft hands come around to my breasts as you were straddling my face rocking up and down harder and faster deeper in my mouth. At some point I realized she was no longer inside of me but had moved onto you. 

You were telling me ever thing she was doing as you moaned in pleasure of her teasing at the rim of your ass with her tongue. She slid one of her hands around to your dick, so I could only take you in so far. You were moaning every time you came down on me face. She pulled out off of me, and then your cock was taken from my mouth. There was no one touching me now I could only hear things. She untied my hands but told me to stay where I was, to just listen. You were at the other end of the bed and she was now telling me every move you were making on her. There was no foreplay for her. Your rock hard cock was shoved into her showing no mercy. She screamed in pleasure, almost laughing at the pain. She was wet from the excitement of me. She said her legs were tight around your neck and you were thrusting into her. I could not handle it, I started to circle my clit again myself. Moaning in pleasure it hurt so much. She screamed again and said she orgasm all over you, just before she took your cock out of her and drank your cum. 

I heard her ask me why I was playing with myself, that's what you and she were there for. 

Then I heard nothing for a second and felt both of you moving around on the bed. This time it was a hot, sex smelling pussy straddled over my face. She was backwards, and I wasn't sure why. But I would soon learn. With the use now of my hands I was able to pull her lips apart and glide my tongue deep. She was wet with her cum all the way back to her ass. I slid my tongue deep in her returning every favor she had on me. 

At the same time I felt you untying my legs. They were free for a moment till I felt you take control of them. Sliding them now on your shoulders, first you teased my clit with your big hands... teasing at it and sliding your fingers down in me. My hot pussy called for you and me moaning as hard as I could from deep inside her. I grabbed at her ass pulling it in close to me as I felt you thrust into me. With her between us, she was able to keep you from getting too passionate with me. I could feel your hands meet mine on her ass. I grabbed for you. I needed your hard cock to thrust me harder take it deeper then she could reach. You moaned in pleasure of my hot pussy and she screamed as I jammed that cold plastic piece into her hole deep. She said she was almost ready, so did you. I said cum in me baby. Both of you. I felt her tense up in me and I felt you explode hard in me, I licked deep inside of her to get all of her, and she got off of me. 

She took the blindfold off my face and kissed down my chest to my pussy and began again inside of me. Sucking our juices from my wet pussy. You sat back and watched. Still stroking your hard cock. IT was purple and you said it hurt so badly. Sweat was dripping from your forehead.

I watched her licking me, sucking at my clit. She was beautiful. Her hair was a mess and was wet around the edges from sweat. Sticking to her face and her chest. As I watcher her pleasure me again and again, while you sat there watching us smiling. I felt myself Cumming all over again. I screamed this time and clutched at the bed as it came hard. 

We all lay in bed for the next hour. Till I finally spoke up and asked next time, can we blind fold him?