 This story is copyright of Destinie21 Please do not reproduce or copy. This story is meant to be viewed by readers 18 years of age and older. 

Okay readers this is just a little note to let you know how much I appreciate you guys. It's sort of a kick for me to know there are people out there who take the time to take a glimpse into my fantasies and stories and enjoy them right along with me. I'm sorry it took so long for me to post a continuation. As with the other chapters of this story this one could stand alone but it's better to begin at the beginning and watch the relationship grow.

******

The baby was two months old before I started to get back my groove. I had expected the pregnancy fatigue but wasn't really expecting the post pregnancy exhaustion. It was something I'd seen Madison go through but either I'd forgotten the extent of her tiredness after four years or else I just hadn't been able to fully empathize because I hadn't felt it for myself. Madison was there to pick up whatever slack there was and Courtney had taken Micah for the summer. 

At first we'd been reluctant to let our little girl go for two and a half months, but it was Micah who had begged and pleaded to be allowed to go with the twins to their cottage on the beach. It was in fact Micah who had asked Courtney when she'd heard the twins talking about the beach and the boardwalk and the pool, and whatever else little girls talked about. 

Then before Courtney even had a chance to extend an invitation Micah had been asking Madison and I if she could go. Courtney had thought it was a great idea and as my best friend I fully trusted her (and the nanny she'd hired) with my daughter but I still wasn't ready to let my baby girl be gone for the whole summer so we'd compromised and decided of a four week visit. 

Micah's heart was broken when the twins and family left without her but she got over it soon enough when the baby was born only days after their departure. I'd expected her to be jealous of and mean to her little sister at least initially but apparently she had gotten past that because once she saw the child she couldn't have been any more proud and loving if she'd been the girl's mother. 

At first she'd thought Zenobia was her own personal baby doll, she'd quickly tired of the baby's crying and spitting up and being smelly but she still liked to hold her and look at her and kiss her and she especially liked to stand next to me in a chair while I bathed the baby in the kitchen sink. 

By the time July rolled around Micah was in tears over leaving the baby but she still wanted to go. Madison and I had driven the four hours it took to get to Courtney and Ankur's cottage. Apparently the term cottage had grown to mean mini mansion on the beach. 

Courtney the kids and the nanny who's name I could never quite pronounce were just walking 

back from the beach when we pulled into the circular driveway in front of the house. Courtney's husband Ankur only made it out to the house every other weekend so he wasn't even on the premises. I liked him, had even grown to be friends with him over the years, he was a nice guy and he truly loved Courtney, and his daughters. I could see it in the way he looked at them, like he'd fly to the , moon just to collect stars for them. He was just starting his own private practice so he couldn't spend as much time with them as he wanted but to his credit he was always arranging his schedule to allow as much time with them as he could. 

Courtney and the girls entered the house through the back door as the maid was letting Madison Nobi Micah and I into the front door. The three girls ran to greet each other in a fit of squeals and giggles, Courtney and I did much of the same although with slightly less squealing and giggling. She took the baby seat out of my hands and set it on the floor, before picking up the baby. Madison had returned to the car to get our bag. She and I would be spending a few nights before returning home. 

I'd been with Madison for nearly seven years if you counted all the time I'd spent with her while I was still in highschool (which I did) and Courtney was just getting to the point where she was fully comfortable around my Mrs. I think it had something to do with Madison having once been her teacher as well, the age difference between Madison and I was actually smaller than the years that separated her and her husband and she seemed to have no trouble coping with that.

In the first year or so after highschool we'd rarely discussed my relationship with Madison, I don't think either of us was comfortable going there, then after so much time had passed the whole topic just seemed awkward especially after the graduation present the two of them had conspired to give me.The present itself also could have contributed to the slight tension that seemed to surround the subject or presence of Madison, although I wasn't quite sure about that since Courtney had no problem talking about that time in our lives. 

*****************

Summer had officially started and I felt as though I was really and truly an adult, I had a highschool diploma, and a college acceptance letter thanks to early admission, and although I didn't know it at the time the school of my choice wasn't the school I was going to be attending. I was happy for the first time in my life. I hadn't realized that I was unhappy before, the new fullness that love had brought to my life made me realize how it had satisfied a hunger I wasn't even aware of. Not just on a romantic level but in a different way that I wouldn't be able to define for years. My father's emotional absence wounded me deeper than his physical absence.I knew he loved me or at least I knew it like I knew I was supposed to love him because he was my father.He had supported me financially but he'd never cared or at least he never showed me that he cared. 

It was a relief to know that now there was someone out there who cared whether I came home at night or how I'd spent my day, someone who was willing to object to the stench of all the bullshit I could shovel up and moreover someone who wanted what was best for me instead of wanting the best of me. Madison became my family long after she'd become my lover and for that I was grateful. Her presence filled all the voids in my heart my mind and my life. And then there was of course the sex, she satisfied me and was always showing me something new which I guess is why I wasn't shocked when she got me a girl for graduation. As much as I loved her and wanted her she never dismissed my desires for other women, I'd been surprised that I was still attracted to other girl's somehow I'd thought that being in love would somehow eliminate all my carnal desires for other people but that wasn't the case. 

While the fact that she'd gotten me a girl I was surprised at who the girl was. When Madison called me on my cell phone and told me to meet her at her at the Hilton room 722 ready for anything I had a much different scenario in my mind than the one that unfolded once I got there. 

Still I was down for whatever and I dressed like I was going to get fucked, which is exactly where I was going but once again not quite the way I was thinking. I showered and dressed. It was already ferociously hot outside so I donned an almost indecently short denim mini skirt that had been splattered with pink paint and paired it with a low cut pink halter top that barely covered my breasts. I started to pull my hair back just because it was so damned hot but I knew Madison liked it down despite or maybe because of its wild appearance.

I completed the outfit with a pair of matching pink heels that strapped around the ankles and made the skirt look even shorter. Before I was done inspecting myself in the mirror I turned and bent over looking at the way the skirt crept up and exposed my bare ass and pussy lips. I loved it and knew Madison would too. She'd just recently gotten into fucking me from behind with a strap on and I loved the way she took me and spanked me like she couldn't get enough of me. In fact she liked to fuck me in just about every position, hell she showed me some I would never even have imagined and every last one of them had me screaming and moaning her name. I think hittin it from the back with me bent over legs straight ass up was just her favorite. 

Satisfied with my appearance I walked out of my house with butterflies in my stomach, I knew whatever Madi had in mind was going to be great, I was almost to excited to concentrate on driving but somehow I made it to the hotel that hovered just on the very edge of downtown. 

I went right up to the room once I got there, I raised my hand to knock but before my knuckles could make contact with the door it opened. 

Madison was waiting for me with a smile on her face, she stepped back so I could enter the room. Prince was playing in the background on some unseen stereo,I recognized the song as "Darling Nikki." I smiled to myself as I looked around the room it was nice as far as hotel rooms go but I wasn't focused on the interior design, so much as I was in the woman who was still standing in front of me. 

She was wearing a red satin robe that brushed her ankles, the robe was tied loosely allowing me to see the black and red corset she wore beneath and just a brief hint of the panties that went with it. He legs were encased in black stockings and the whole look was brought together by a pair of stilettoes that immediately brought strip clubs and metal poles to mind. 

There was nothing more appealing to me than Madison in her natural state but I did love when she dressed up for me, and today was no exception. I was standing there just staring at her and I might have kept right on looking if she hadn't spoken. 

"You just here to look at me Corrin?" She asked 

with her hands on her hips and a smirk on her lips. 

I shook my head and closed the little bit of space between us before placing my lips on hers ands kissing her. My hands drifted to her hips and I pulled her closer as she tangled her hands in my hair and slipped her tongue into my mouth. She nibbled on my bottom lip and sucked it into her mouth as I caressed her, feeling the heat of her skin through the thin material of the robe.

She stepped away from me quite suddenly leaving me feeling dazed and just a little confused. 

As she crossed the room I watched her hips sway and was surprised when she took a seat in a leather chair in the corner of the room. It was positioned right next to a table bearing nothing more than a phone and a lamp. I stood where I was not sure what to do. I wondered Idly if she wanted me to do a strip tease. I was willing to, had before as a matter of fact, but if that's what she had in mind then I was sorry I hadn't worn a sexy underwear set. Before my thoughts could wander any further Madison picked up the phone and pressed a few numbers. Whoever she was calling must have picked up on the very first ring because she began speaking almost immediately although all she said was 

"We're ready"

I wondered what we were ready for, but almost before the thought had time to form in my head the door across the room opened and a woman stepped into the doorway. The light from the room she was leaving shone through her hair and around her silhouette, but because the drapes were drawn and the only light came from the table top lamp next to Madison, the woman's facial features were heavily shadowed. She stood there for a moment naked and waiting. Her long straight hair was brushed to one side and hung over her shoulder. There was a flower by her left ear and she wore a pair of thigh high black boots. 

As she walked closer I gasped.The woman was my best friend. I couldn't have been any more shocked. As she walked toward me I noticed that she was also wearing a dog collar with tiny metal studs imbedded in the thin strip of leather. I wanted to look at her and turn away at the same time. I'd seen her naked and half naked plenty of times, but never quite like this. Sometimes she had even meant to entice me with her nudity but her efforts at seduction had been clumsy at best, this was something all together different. I looked from Courtney to Madison and then back at Madison. 

"I couldn't come to your graduation party but I still got you a gift." 

Even though I understood what was going on and exactly what she meant I still said

"What?"

"You've been wanting this girl all year right?" 

She asked then went on without pausing for me to answer. 

"And she's been after you?" once again she went right on without waiting for an answer, 

"And on top of that she kept our secret too. Don't you think she deserves a thank you?"

I just stood there still a little to shocked to speak, the whole scene seemed surreal. 

It was Courtney who broke the silence that stretched between the three of us. 

"You don't want me?" 

She looked at me like she knew it was untrue, but her voice carried the full weight of her question along with her own doubt. I closed the space between us my eyes drifting once again to Madison's she nodded her head almost imperceptibly, and I let my lips touch the lips of the girl who had been my best friend since we were children. 

She opened up to like we'd been lover's for years, not even a moments hesitation, and she kissed me like she knew exactly what she was doing. And in truth she really did, believe me there's an art to kissing and she was painting a beautiful landscape across my lips and cheeks and then lower. She was kissing the tops of my breasts as her fingers worked to at the base of my neck to untie the halter style shirt that I was wearing. 

The sensation of her kissing me and touching me turned me on but something about the way Madison sat there watching us added a different element of arousal. I hadn't known until that moment I could get off on exhibitionism but her watching made me feel the need to preform rather than any shyness or shame. 

Courtney pulled my shirt down as her lips moved over the newly bared skin, I was moaning as she pulled my nipples into her mouth and sucked on them, she was gentle at first but then she brushed her teeth across the tip of my left nipple. I groaned and grabbed a handful of her hair pilling her closer. She switched to the other breast nipping me with her teeth, she went back and forth as she ran her hands over my hips and abdomen. 

We were still standing directly in front of where Madison was sitting, we were only about two feet away from the bed and that's where we headed, when she pulled away from me for a moment. I took my shirt off and tossed it to Madison, she caught it and actually giggled. I sat on the bed facing the chair, and Courtney came and settled herself in my open arms straddling my hips as she sat on ,my lap.

I leaned back slightly as she resumed the task of licking sucking and biting on my nipples. This time I completely lost myself in the sensation of her soft lips and the wetness of her tongue trailing over my sensitive skin. The next time I looked at Madison had untied her robe and spread her legs. She was stroking herself through the thin material of her panties, and watching us. I licked my lips and met her eyes . She smiled and slipped her hand inside her panties, to touch her bare skin. 

I kept my eyes on her as my best friend knelt between my thighs. She was kissing my stomach and dipping her tongue into my navel, and gently nipping at my skin with her teeth. I spread my legs even wider as she dipped her head lower. My skirt rode up my thighs and she rested her hands on my bare skin and paused. I looked down at her then. She was looking up at me waiting for me to focus my full attention on her before she spread the lips of my pussy and moved her mouth to the wet slick skin. She blew her warm breath across my sex before she gave me a wet open mouthed kiss.

Without pulling away she opened her mouth and licked the length of my slit up and down. She wasn't focused on any one spot and not really listening to my responses because she kept up the motion without going any further. I pushed her head way for a moment and used my fingers to spread my lips then with the other hand I stroked my clit pulling it and tugging it. Then I dipped my fingers into myself wetting them before pulling them out and circling my clit until my thighs were trembling. I almost took myself over the edge while her face hoovered only inches from my pussy. Before I could come I pulled my hand away and trailed my wet fingers over her lips. 

"Lick it just like that." 

I said cupping her face in my hand and pulling her closer. Her lips touched my pussy again this time she at least had a map as to where she was going. She focused on my clit and pushed a finger inside of me. I pumped my hips and told her to add another finger, that was all it took to take me over the edge. 

I kept my eyes open as I climaxed watching Madison carry herself over the edge right along with me. Courtney almost stopped what she was doing when I started to climax but I held her head where it was and continued to grind my wet pussy all over her lips. She caught on and picked up where she had left off until she carried me through two more orgasms. 

When she rose from the floor ,I kissed her lips while guiding her to the bed. She sat and I straddled her. I kissed her again, this time I licked her lips and tugged them between my own. It was nasty wet and exactly the image I wanted Madison to see. It was strange but this whole setup made me want to please her even though it was my friend whose lap I sat on every one of my movements was choreographed for Madison. 

Eventually I stopped kissing her lips and moved to play with her nipples. When I cupped her breast in my hand, I noticed for the first time how my dark skin contrasted with the lightness of her own. I kind of liked the contrast in a way I can't really explain. I pilled her hard dusky brown nipple into my mouth and sucked, I tried to be gentle then I sucked harder to see if she liked it a little rough. She squirmed but seemed to be trying to avoid the intense pressure rather than move toward it. I switched back to slow gentle licks. I ran my nails lightly over her thighs while I kissed licked and sucked on her nipples. She was moaning before I even touched her pussy. 

She was already wet and open as I dipped my fingertips into her. She was wet tight and incredibly hot. I pressed my middle and ring finger into her as I flicked my thumb over her clit and continued to suck and pull on her nipples. Her hips moved faster than my hand so I increased the rhythm of my stroke, curving my fingers just a little bit to search for her g-spot. I knew exactly when I found it because she moaned louder and shuddered. I kept my fingers hitting that spot and she tensed up and moaned louder. I wouldn't let up on her, even when she tried to pull away. I pulled my fingers out of her and I spread her thighs while buried my face in all that tight wetness. 

She screamed when I spread her lips and sucked her clit into my mouth, I pulled the sensitive pearl of flesh hard between my lips and licked the tip of it causing her to shake and tremble. Her hands wrapped in my hair tugging me closer as I continued to lick suck and fuck her. When she was spent and I was tired I stood and lay next to just looking at one another. There was none of the awkwardness that I expected but right then and there I knew it was just sex, there was none of the emotion that I'd expected either. I hoped Courtney felt the same way although I knew that right here and right now wasn't the time to ask. 

I had hoped Madison would join us or at least the thought had crossed my mind but as I lay there I knew that had never been a part of the plan. She'd presented Courtney to me even set up the whole little scene but it had never been about a threesome just indulging what I wanted and had been wanting for a while. Truthfully I don't know if I wanted to see her doing any other woman the way she always managed to do me. 
