 Pam received a text message from an unknown phone number. "Hi, it's Tom. My phone died so I bought this temporary phone. My business trip is going well. I'll be home on Valentine's Day earlier than I thought, at 2:00 pm, not 6:00 pm. To celebrate Valentine's Day I was hoping we could do something... very different."

"On Valentine's Day could you please put on the blindfold which you'll receive in the mail today and lie still on your back on the bed, naked. When I get there at 2:00 pm please pretend that I'm a girl. This way you'll get to pretend to act out your bi fantasy. Pretend that a girl is the one kissing you, going down on you, making love with you. In fact, pretend Linda is going down on you. But don't do anything to me - don't touch me or do anything to make contact with me because that could destroy the fantasy. I'll do all the work. All you have to do is to lie there, pretend I'm Linda, and be pleasured."

"Wow! That's really naughty", Pam thought. She had confided to Tom that she'd been having bi fantasies. Tom of course knew that Linda was her BFF. So Tom was going to pretend to be her sexy best friend! And she could pretend that she was making love with Linda! Hot!

Pam and Tom often had talked about her bi fantasies and he was extraordinarily interested in them. He brought them up on many occasions, especially while they were making love. He would ask her such questions as, "Would you like to make love with a girl? How about Linda -- she sure is sexy, right? Do you ever wish I had a pussy instead of a cock? Do you ever wish I had breasts you could suck on? Do you sometimes think that girls are nicer to look at than guys?" And many other provocative questions as well.

In fact, Tom had brought the subject up so many times, and he had included so many explicit details on the subject of whether she ever wished he were a girl, Pam sometimes wondered whether his interest went beyond the usual straight guy fascination with lesbian sex. She began to wonder whether he sometimes -- or often? - fantasized about being a girl. And now he said he was going to pretend to be a girl in a roleplay! Did he suggest this to indulge her bi fantasies, to indulge his own fantasies about being a girl, or for both reasons?

Pam decided that it would only be fair for them to both act out their fantasies. She would go along with the roleplay in a way that would allow Tom to truly pretend that he was a girl. For both of their benefit.

Pam also thought it was interesting that Tom had chosen to pretend to be a real person -- her best friend, who was single. Pam had never said anything about her bi fantasies to Linda, but Linda probably could tell, just from the way Pam often looked at her and the intimate tone of voice she used when she spoke with Linda, that Pam thought of her in a sexual way. Surely Tom had noticed as well. Was Tom's suggestion of a blindfolded roleplay a prelude to a possible threesome? Was Tom going to suggest a threesome with Linda? That would be fine with Pam. But first she would see how the roleplay went.

At 2:00 pm on Valentine's Day Pam lay on her bed, naked and blindfolded, anticipating Tom's return. She heard the front door open and then heard steps heading towards her bedroom.

As Pam heard the steps reach her she decided to fully embrace and also to escalate the game. She called out, "Hi Linda! As you can see, I've left you a Valentine's Day present on the night stand. Your favorite perfume. Please put some on and then come over and give me my Valentine's Day present!" 

Pam had purchased Linda's favorite perfume because she figured that if Tom applied it, the role play game would be strengthened.

Sure enough, after a moment Pam could hear the bottle opening and she could smell the perfume. Pam then thought of Linda. Soon Pam felt a gentle kiss on her lips and then she felt kisses all over her legs and inner thighs. In fact, she felt them in most places. It was extremely difficult for her to lie still.

Pam noted that the kisses seemed much gentler, much sweeter, more patient, plentiful and romantic than usual. And that Tom's lips seemed softer than usual. So did his fingertips. Pam decided this must be an effect of the role-play game on both of them! Tom was being gentler because he was pretending to be a girl. Because Pam was playing the same game her mind made the contacts seem sweeter and more romantic. And Pam felt no scratchy beard - he must have shaved recently.

And then the lips went down on her. Tom usually was wonderful at oral sex - but this time he was astonishing. Pam decided to escalate the game again.

"Linda, my wife, you sexy girl, please eat me now - I can't stand that tongue, those wonderful kisses any longer."

But the kisses moved all over her, and the soft caresses continued to work themselves all over her, especially her nipples, and finally towards her center of pleasure. But, even though her legs had been gently parted, just before she was about to come the mouth backed off, and resumed kissing her everywhere except her clit! "Linda - you're driving me crazy. My sexy girl, my wife - I can't stand it - let me come."

But again the kisses and caresses resumed, all over her - on her breasts alone for 10 minutes, then back to the inside of her thighs. This made it almost impossible for her to be still. Linda was trebling all over.

"I'm so lucky to be married to a sexy girl. But I really want to come. Please, Linda, one girl to another, make me come like ...no guy ever could. Show me how much better girls are at making other girls come."

But the kisses and caresses continued all over Pam's body with even more passion. Pam writhed back and forth, longing to touch Tom, longing to push him hard onto her clit. Pam was barely able to restrain herself. Again the lips worked themselves up to her clit, doing their magic, but then backed off before she could come! 

Pam moaned in pleasure, unable to keep still and barely able to talk. "Linda... I can't stand it... please girl, please my sexy wife, my Valentine, my soulmate, I'm so happy we're married... if you love me you'll make me come.... Before this we only had sex. But this is true lovemaking!"

Then the lips went firmly onto her clit, and sucked, and Pam came like a super volcano. Far more intensely than she had ever come in her life. And then she came again, and then a third time. After which she lost count. Was it a fourth and fifth time, or were her orgasms all blurring together into one extended explosion? 

As Pam lay totally spent she decided she loved their game. Pam had felt more turned on than she ever had been in her life. Was it because of the blindfold, because of the roleplay's effect on Tom, or because of the roleplay's effect on her? Pam thought to herself that Tom had gotten into the game so much that she was probably right about his fantasies about being a girl. Pam decided that, in the future, they should take both of their fantasies further. And maybe try a threesome?

As Pam started to drift into sleep she murmured, "That was the best...by far... ever... so happy I have you...you're so sexy... the best lovemaking ever...my Valentine ... so much better than you ever were... so happy I'm making love with the real you, so happy I can be the real me, so happy I'm not having sex with a man... I love you my darling wife, wife, wife, wife...." Then Pam drifted into sleep, exhausted and content.

At 6:00 pm Pam heard footsteps, which woke her up. Tom's voice excitedly exclaimed, "What have we here? A blindfold! Sexy! My gosh! Pam, what do you have in mind? I'm happy to do whatever you want."