 Alice and Diane settled into a routine were every Monday evening after the library had closed, they would "check in new books" together. These were their only opportunities for any intimate time together. Otherwise, they managed to control their lust for one another to maintain their public personas. Once the office door closed on a Monday afternoon, they became brazen hedonists intent only on giving each other carnal pleasures. Many was the time they were thankful the floor was washable as Alice developed her taste for "golden" activities. Diane had even managed to obtain a double dildo each for them, which led to Alice loosing her anal cherry.

Alice's marital love life was also invigorated as a consequence. She and Edwin had broadened their sexual horizons such that Alice was a passionate three-holer. She had developed a thing for anal sex, which Edwin particularly enjoyed as well, but she had yet to introduce him to her other new passion – the so-called water sports.

Alice had also developed her wardrobe by altering those things that could be and making her own new dresses. She particularly enjoyed the things she would wear on Sundays at church and Sunday school. Being sans underwear became second nature, but the excitement never diminished. Edwin was by now aware of her underwear "phobia" as he christened and revelled in it. He had even taken some services naked under his cassock, the bulk of his vestments shrouding the painful hard-on that Alice had to relieve orally in the vestry immediately after the service.

Diane became a regular at church, not every week and not always with Roy. When alone on the back pew, they would covertly explore each other's pussies. Alice had made her dresses with pockets that were open to the inside. When Diane discovered this naughty feature, she had Alice alter all her Sunday outfits as well. So, quietly seated on the back pew, paying apparently rapt attention to Rev. Scott's sermon, two sets of fingers were busy diddling labia, clits and cunts. Nobody, even Edwin seemed to notice that their legs were always slightly apart.

The young girl, Susan had borrowed the book and returned it. Alice missed her on both occasions and so never got the chance to see if she had taken her advice and tried going without underwear. For some reason, the girl was always in the back of her mind and Alice being Alice, she had to analyse why. She loved her husband dearly, in fact nowadays, since her emancipation was in lust with him. He could do no wrong, at least between her legs. She also dearly loved Diane whom, because of the covert nature of the physical side of their relationship, provided the extra level of excitement she seemed to crave.

Why then did she have this abiding memory of Susan? Alice realised that even the excitement generated by her trysts with her girlfriend were becoming routine, the very thing that, along with the push from Diane sent her in search of such excitement in the first place. When Alice broached this thought to Diane during their lunch break one day, she was surprised when Diane told her she was having similar thoughts too, but was scared to upset Alice if she had tried to discuss it. Alice told Diane she hoped that they were close enough friends – God they couldn't get much closer – to be able to discuss anything between them.

Alice mentioned of her thoughts of Susan and how they had prompted the thought process that had brought them to this discussion. Diane laughed "Now who's getting predatory?" She stopped laughing and looked into her lover's eyes. "You know, we are not monogamous, we have our husbands whom we both adore and yet we have each other. I have had other relationships outside my marriage – without Roy knowing or finding out – because, like you, I need something extra that gives me a buzz. You have given me that in spades, but we need to get out of this rut into which we seem to have fallen. Lets each give it some thought and we'll talk again, in the mean time if you get the opportunity to do something with the girl, go for it – on one condition!"

"Which is?

"I want a full uncensored report."

Alice chuckled at her friend's condition. "I think I would find giving that report quite stimulating. I'll make you a bargain, see as your doing this for me, if you want to play away so to speak you return the favour."

"This extramarital activity is still a relative novelty to you. I told you I've been there and got the tee-shirt." Diane smiled then took a deep breath before continuing. "I have no yen at the minute, to expand on what we have. You need to find your limits and a little experimentation will not go amiss if you are careful and nobody gets hurt. From what you have told me this girl is vulnerable – as you were – but you had the maturity to handle it. Be careful Alice!"

Alice smiled at her lover. "You are an angel my love, but at this moment I have no plans for any seduction. My intention for mentioning her was to highlight why I was preoccupied – no that's the wrong expression – she was in my mind."

Now it was Diane's turn to smile. "Now, was that a Freudian slip my love?"

"No!" Alice became a little flustered, had her friend really caught her out. "I don't think so. No!" Diane held her smile. "Diane, stop it! Come on, we have only a couple of minutes in which to open up."

It was later in the week when Susan showed up at the library. She was wearing the regulation uniform of her school, maroon blazer white blouse and deep blue knee length skirt. She was in black hose and had sensible black shoes with a low heel. Alice and Diane were both behind the desk, but it was Diane who spotted her first. Susan was standing in the open area before the desk, obviously waiting for Alice to look up. Diane whispered aside "I think you are wanted." Alice looked up and caught the nod indicating for her to follow her into the stacks. As she turned to walk round the desk, Diane spoke louder to make sure she heard. "Alice, remember what I said."

Alice stopped and looked at her lover. "I told you, I am not looking for anything more. She invited me, not the other way round."

Alice went straight to the Women's Interest section and sure enough, Susan was there, nervously pacing up and down. Fortunately, the library was quiet and so little attention was being paid to them. "Do you need help in finding something Susan?" was Alice's opening gambit.

"No, not this time" Susan answered, "I want to ask a couple of favours of you."

Alice was immediately wary. "Oh yes, how can I help?"

"Well I've always admired you, especially the way you dress and I remember you saying once that you enjoyed designing and making dresses. Would you make me a dress?"

Alice was caught of guard. "Oh, well, I suppose so. Will your mother be OK with this? Have you asked her?"

"Oh yes, we have discussed it and she suggested I asked you, she wants to know what she has to buy, materials, threads and so on." Susan was beginning to get excited at Alice's acquiescence.

"What is the dress for, a special occasion?"

"My eighteenth birthday party and I would like you to be there." Susan was grinning from ear to ear. "I will have to invite my friends and their boyfriends, but I think you know, I'm not into boys."

"It is a little early for you to be making such profound decisions about your lifestyle Susan" Alice was aware she was slipping into 'lecture mode', "but enough, I will make you a dress. Bring your mum to the vicarage any night this week to discuss it. Now you said a couple of favours?"

Susan looked at Alice with apprehension. "Mum also said to ask you if you would give me some extra tuition in English for my exams. I need 'B's in both language and lit'" 

Again, Alice was caught of guard. "I've never done that before. I will have to think on that one. Tell you what, Your mother and I will discuss that also."

"Thank you Mrs Scott." Susan seemed relieved to have got it all over with. "I acted on your suggestion" she was now smiling broadly. "In fact I only wear anything under now for gym' and sports. I shave too!"

"Too much information Susan" Alice laughed, enjoying the girl's sense of fun, "do you enjoy it?"

"Oh my God yes!" she enthused. "It's so liberating, but I wear a longer length skirt for school as you can see, it's safer."

"I'd love to see" Alice returned smiling, "you have already." Then she spotted a borrower at the end of the aisle. "Not yet, there is somebody behind you." They passed on. "OK now"

Susan took hold of the hem of the skirt and lifted it till her pretty little pussy came into view. She was wearing crotchless tights that framed her shaven mons. She dropped her skirt and before Alice could do anything about it had opened her blouse to show a beautiful pair of naked tits. "Now we're equal I think" Susan said as she buttoned up her blouse.

"Not quite" Alice suggested, "I think I owe you my nipples."

Susan squealed, then giggled which brought Diane scurrying down the aisle. "What was that noise?" she asked looking sternly at Alice.

Susan was quick to see the glance and thinking Alice was getting the blame admitted she had squealed in response to a funny that Alice had uttered. She then bid her farewell saying her mother would be in touch, turned and left.

Diane was all questions and Alice told her of all that had transpired, but for the display Susan had put on for her. "Well it seems innocent enough with mummy being there" she didn't sound convinced, "but I still say you should be careful."

"Don't worry darling. Now it's closing time. You lock up and then join me in the office. I've a few things that need filling like an extremely wet cunt, a twitching ass and an eager mouth and you're the one I need to fill them" She gave Diane a wink and disappeared into the office.

A couple of nights later, Alice was setting out her stall to make yet another alteration to an old dress she had found when the 'phone rang. Edwin saw she was temporarily engrossed and picked up the call. "Alice, it's Mrs Clark. You said you were expecting her to call."

"Be right there, oh Eddie, you won't mind if she and Susan call round later, would you?"

"Not at all, if you can help Susan with her studies, all to the good. I would though, expect you to have some recompense my love."

"Let me speak to them before we get excited" she picked up the receiver. "Hello, Alice Scott speaking."

"Oh Mrs Scott, thank you for agreeing to do this."

Alice interrupted. "One moment Mrs Clark, I only offered to talk with you about the possibility. Making the dress is not a problem" then more for the listening Edwin's benefit than her own, "but the tuition, well other than Sunday school, I've never taught."

"It is my enthusiasm I must apologise for, Sue in fact did relay your message truly. So, may we come round in about half an hour to discuss it?"

"Naturally, I'll see you both then." She replaced the receiver.

Edwin stood. "I'll go into my study out of your way."

"Not yet you won't, they'll not be here for another thirty minutes, so let's sit with a drink while we wait." Eventually, the doorbell rang and Edwin rose to let in her visitors.

Mrs. Clark was a handsome woman. In her ridiculously (to Alice) high heels, she seemed tower above her host. Alice sat them down and offered them both a drink. They both joined Alice with her wine after Mrs Clark assured Alice it was OK for Susan to have one small glass. Susan was wearing a simple sundress that again came to her knees and flat sandals, her mother in a more conservative dress that hugged her impressive figure.

They sat and sipped their wine and by the time their glasses had been drained, Alice was on first name terms with Lynda. Their conversation centred round the upcoming party, which was to be held at the local golf club. Alice asked what sort of dress would be required. When Susan responded by asking for the red dress in Mrs Dane in Washington, Alice nearly choked.

"Don't worry Alice, my daughter and I are very close" she emphasised close, "we talk about everything" again the emphasis "and I have read Mrs Dane in Washington. Since her father died, she is all I have in the way of family. So we have developed what some people may consider an unhealthily close 

relationship." Alice looked across at Susan and sensed her discomfort. "Alice, I instinctively know that this conversation will go no further. I am aware of Sue's proclivity and I will support her in whatever she decides to do. I am myself bisexual and so do not have the phobias most parents would exhibit in a similar situation. If you can make the red dress for her, that is the one she will wear!"

It took Alice a second or two to regain her composure. "Well Lynda" she I also instinctively know that what Susan has told you about me will also be confidential. I am sure we are going to get alone really well. Can I suggest that we do the fitting and so at your house, I don't think my husband will take kindly to a naked teenager in the vicarage."

Lynda laughed. "But of course, that's not a problem at all. Now about the tutoring?"

"Well Lynda, I am not a teacher in the professional sense, but I have a proposal. I will tutor Susan without charge, here, once a week for four weeks. If after that time you wish to continue, then we can come to a financial arrangement."

Again Lynda's response was positive and Susan affirmed that she was happy with the arrangement. They agreed they would meet again at Lynda's house the following night. The two visitors stood to take their leave and Alice led them to the front door. She stood in the hall with her guests on either side. Lynda offered "Alice, I am sorry we didn't see more of the vicar – perhaps another time, please give him our regards."

"But of course Lynda, he thought he would cramp our style and I believe he would." Alice answered smiling.

Alice was about to step forward to open the door when she felt a hand rest on each buttock and start to rub. Lynda leant in close and whispered so that only the three could hear. "Sue was right, you are a very beautiful woman, Alice and we cannot wait to get to know you better." The pressure of the hands increased explaining just how they intended to know.

Alice put a hand on each of their bum cheeks ascertained that they both were sans panties and replied "The feeling is entirely mutual, but ladies, my husband is not aware of my bisexuality – as yet – and when he does get to know, I want it to be from me. So I would appreciate your co-operation in keeping it that way."

"My dear Alice, we are in a similar boat so do not worry." Lynda leaned closer and whispered in her ear, "I can't wait to have your thighs around my neck" and stabbed her tongue in her ear.

Susan leant into the other ear "or mine around yours" and repeated her mother's action.

Alice pushed her guests toward the door saying "come along ladies, you had better go before we get into trouble. My husband may like an all-girl orgy on the vicarage hallway floor, but I doubt the Bishop would see the funny side of it."

"Of course my dear" Lynda laughed, "tell him the dress fitting may take awhile."

As soon as she shut the door behind them, she went straight to Edwin's study to check if he needed the 'phone for a few minutes, she needed to talk to Diane. He assured her it was OK, but doubted the time estimate. Alice called her friend and related all that had transpired earlier. Diane was gob-smacked! She had heard of such relationships through story sites on the internet, but assumed they were but the feverish fantasies of the writers, even – as she admitted – they were a turn on. They bade each other good night and Alice went to get her sketchpad to start the process of turning the fictional dress into reality.