 She walked across the floor, her hips swaying in time to the music. Her long brown, coppery hair bounced when she walked and her concrete blue eyes glittered. Her fringe fell in her eyes. Her glass held some type of pink alcoholic liquid, something fruity, so straight looking, she was totally hot. I downed the last half of my glass of Johnnie Walker Black and Coke.

I can smell my own excitement through my tight grey jeans. Her movements made my cunt tingle and I ached to be alone with her instead of in this crowded nightclub. She came up to me.

"Hey, I'm Alice."

"Neeka."

"I know total cliche here but... do you come here often?"

"Not really, do you?"

"Only if you'll help me."

I almost fell over as I was imagining doing just that. Alice giggled at my obvious flustered. A smile spread slowly, predatorily, over her face.

"You're easy to fluster, aren't you? I'm not. Actually I'm quite honest about what I want."

I could barely stammer 

"I've never been a forward person."

"Do you like what you see?"

I just nodded as I checked her out now that I had a better view. Alice was shorter than me, I'm 5'7, Alice was roughly 5'5 with amazing curves, her breasts could easily be 36D and her hips matched them. My cunt got wetter. Alice leaned really close and whispered in my ear...

"So, Neeka, if you took me into the bathroom right now... what would you do to me?"

I couldn't believe it, this gorgeous woman was standing here in front of me making me completely horny in a crowded nightclub and I had no voice to help myself out. I was dumbstricken by her. She ran her hand over the tips of my ice-blue mohawk...

"That ice-blue goes well with your amber... green... amber, hmmm your eyes keep changing colour..."

I laughed at this. Nobody had noticed without me telling them before.

"Maybe I had more than I thought before I came over here?"

"No, you are right. My eyes do change colour... depends on my mood though."

"Well, right now, they are greenish tinged amber... what does that mean?" I was gonna tell her. It would be impolite not to. I leaned in real close to her ear.

"It means I'm getting really fucking horny and its your fault."

I brushed my lips against her ear and flicked the tip of my tongue under the tip of her ear. She shivered and put her hands on my hips.

"If you think you're horny now...."

she let her sentence trail off and took my hand to lead me out onto the dance floor.

The club was playing the latest hits when we first stepped on the floor. Music designed to make you dance. Alice started to sway with the beat of the music. I followed her lead. She moved closer to me, I moved closer to her. I could feel the satiny fabric of her forest green halter-top rubbing against my navel, I was wearing a plain white work shirt, tied up under my breasts, which are ample, you could see the tattoo on my lower back as well as the one on my stomach. She reached out to feel my tattoo.

"I like your colours."

she smiled as her hand moved under my tattoo, the rainbow colours of it stood out against the pale colour of her skin. I pulled her closer towards me. Our hips met and soon we were grinding on one another. Her skirt brushed my knees. I could feel her fingers toying with the waistband of my jeans. I was starting to re-consider how much I had wanted her earlier as being only the beginning. I was in flames as she moved against me playing with my waistband. Her fingers traced along my belly button and I could feel them inching slowly up. I looked around nervously, but no-one seemed to be taking any notice. The people aound us seemed like waves undulating, changing. We were all so pressed together you could barely breathe, and in fact I was starting to find the breathing thing difficult.

Her hands had moved from my stomach to reach behind me. Pulling me closer into her, she traced the outline of my triquatra tattoo. Tickling my lower back and running her hands up my spine. I could feel myself collapsing into her will. I'd give in and she knew it now. I could see the smile on her face as she directed us through the crowded floor, pushing me up against the wall. I felt her thigh in between my thighs, her mouth on my neck.

"We shouldn't do this."

My half-hearted protest muffled as she kissed me for the first time. Her tongue flicked my lip and I opened. My tongue met hers tentatively. I was so nervous I could feel my heart beating in my throat. But I couldn't resist what my core wanted any longer. I wrestled her tongue, switching positions, forcing her against the wall. Drinking her in through our mouths, I wanted to taste all of her. I almost forgot where we were, that night on the floor, I almost lost all control and fell to my knees to taste her desire. But she broke away, both of us gasping for breath.

"We should go somewhere more private..."

I could see what she meant, we'd started to attract looks with that display...

"I think you might be right Alice." I smiled at her.

"I drove tonight... we could get out of here all together?"

Alice looked at me and then said yes and we left the club.

We walked the couple blocks to my car in silence. The parking lot round us was empty.

"I like your car."

We were both so nervous now that we were out of the heat of the club, away from the music designed to bring moving bodies together. Alice stood at the front of my car, her hands splayed on the metallic purple bonnet of my Corvette Stingray 1969... soft top. My car is hot. 

I walked up behind her and circled my arms round her waist. She held my hands tighter over her stomach. I licked up her neck to her earlobe,

"Mmmm, I like that."

I turned her around to face me and kissed her. Nudging her backwards on to my bonnet. I undid the ties for her halterneck and peeled away the satiny fabric. Her breasts were full and gorgeous... pale creamy mounds that screamed out to my fingers to touch them. I traced the line of her breast with the tip of my finger. I heard her moan as I gently brought her nipples to life with the pads of my thumbs. I stroked them until they became pinkish brown gemstones beneath my fingertips.

I lowered my head and began to nibble and lick and caress her nipples. I started to move downwards. Trailing my tongue along her navel. Slipping my fingers inside her panties under her waistband.

"Stop right there Miss."

I looked up towards Alice's face, startled by her protests. Her hands slid up my stomach to my shirt buttons, undoing them from the bottom up. She grabbed me by the front of my shirt and pulled me upwards on top of her.

"Do you want me, Neeka?"

Alice looked at me.

"Yes I want you."

"Yes I want you... Alice."

she said as she watched my reaction to her knee quite suddenly making full contact with my clit through my jeans.

"Yes I want you Alice."

"Thats a good little dyke."

She said as she wrapped her arms round my neck and pulled me down further crushing herself under my weight. Her lips met mine and we kissed deeply, she nipped my lip and I growled, crushing her against me more.

I felt her fingers seize my nipples. I moaned as she manipulated them. Making them stand to attention and chase her as she pulled away. I was so wet I was sure she could feel it through my jeans as her hands made their way between my legs. I heard my zipper being pulled down. Her hand snaked inside my fly. She roughly pulled my panties aside and thrust three of her fingers deep inside me.

I yelped at the sudden intrusion into my body. She only drove her fingers into me harder, filling me.

"I couldn't wait any longer to feel your slickness tighten around my fingers." 

Alice whispered as she thrust into my dripping cunt harder and harder again. Urging me towards orgasm. I tried to pull myself off of her. I tried to re-assert who was in control. But she only laughed as I futilely pushed against her. Her other arm had snaked around my waist. She had cut off my retreat. Her arm crushed me further against her and I felt my pussy thrust down more onto her fingers. I felt my cunt tighten around her fingers as she kissed me.

"Oh Goddess."

I cried out as she drove me faster, she could feel my orgasm coming.

"Alice, oh god, Alice!!!"

I cried out as my orgasm tore me in half... sending me floating above my body. But she wouldn't stop. Alice continued to pound into me, demanding more of me. I felt another wave of ecstasy fill me up down to my toes and to the very end of my fingertips. I went limp in her arms. She soothed me, stroking my hair. I moaned in protest when she removed her fingers from my spasming pussy. Alice sighed as she put her arms around me.

"Wait a minute..."

I said.

"Do you think I have finished with you? Because I'm only just getting started."

Alice smiled as I turned my attention back to her. I pulled her skirt up and was beneath it in a heartbeat. I could smell her musky scent through her underwear and it was intoxicating. Her panties were a light lavender lace, they were darker where they were wet through from her juices and I rubbed the pad of my thumb over the wet patch. She moaned and pressed her clit towards me. I sucked her panties into my mouth, I could taste the sweet tang of her. I started tonguing her through her panties.

"Oh Neeka please, please take them off. I want to feel your tongue against my clit."

I did as she asked. I removed her panties and put them in my pocket, smiling to myself, I was definately keeping those. Then I lightly licked up her wet, quivering slit. Her juices covered my chin, making it sticky. Then I thrust my tongue out as far into her hole as I could. I fucked her with my tongue. Her hips bucked and I had to get a good grip and hold on as she thrust herself against my mouth. I stopped and she whimpered. Begged me to continue. I crooned to her...

"Its alright baby, I will. Just catching my breath."

I sucked her clit into my mouth. Nipping it slightly and Alice reared up from the bonnet of the car. Crying out.

"Goddamn you Neeka! Fuck me!"

All the encouragement I needed was in the desperate whimper underneath that command. I thrust three of my fingers inside of her cunt as I lashed her clit with my tongue. She cried out.

"Harder baby, please."

I thrust harder, driving my fingers into her.

"Harder!"

I drove harder and harder. But it wasn't enough... Not until I had managed to push my fist inside of her.

"Oh god yes! Yes Neeka, oh fuck yes!!!"

She came hard and her body tightened. Her legs wrapped behind me and drew me in closer. Forcing herself into my hand she came again. I rammed my fist further inside of her refusing to stop until she pushed me off of her. 

We lay together for awhile on the bonnet of my car. Exhausted. Entwined. Until one of us moved. I took my keys out of my pocket and opened the passenger door for her... I looked at her enquiringly and she rose from the bonnet and walked over to me. Alice kissed me before she got in the car and I shut the door. As I got into the drivers seat I felt her hand on my thigh.

"How far is your place from here?"