 This is actually a scene from a much larger and infinitely frustrating story that I doubt will ever be finished but I love these characters and the way they interact so I am submitting it as an edited excerpt. 

------

The Blue Light was Nic's favorite bar. It was out of the way so very few college students frequented it. With all of the other bars filled with shot pounding jocks and preening princesses, it was nice to have a place where she could go and have a good time without needing to fake having fun with people she hated. The other thing about The Blue Light was it had Jen. 

Jen was the bartender and Nic had made quick work of seducing her when she first started coming to the bar. Her parents owned the place and she lived in the room above it. Jen was the perfect girl in Nic's mind. Her dark hair flowed past her shoulders and she had the most piercing green eyes Nic had ever seen. Her body was a walking contradiction because she was lean and strong but had a soft waist and hips that flared out to the most perfect ass. Nic wasn't a relationship person and neither was Jen. They were never exclusive, hell, they had never even been on a date, but the had an understanding about what they needed from each other. 

Nic paid the taxi driver and walked towards the front door. The lights were on inside but she knew the door would be locked as it was well past closing. She knocked forcefully so that the sound would radiate through the bar. She heard steps come towards the door and then a powerful but sensual voice responded. 

"We're closed. Sorry, you'll have to come back another night." 

Nic replied quickly before Jen had a chance to walk back into the bar. "It's Nic." 

Within a few moments, Nic heard the lock click open and the door swung back to reveal Jen standing with a confused look on her face. 

"Nic? What are you doing here?" 

Nic moved towards the raven-haired beauty and gave her a forceful and powerful kiss and then, without a word, walked past her in the bar. Breathless, Jen closed and re-locked the door before following the redhead upstairs to her room. 

They reached the large bedroom and Jen turned and shut the door. When she made her way over to the bed where Nic was sitting, she got a chance to see her in the light for the first time that night. 

"This is a surprise." 

Nic turned to her and in that instant, lust swept through her body and a sly smile crept onto her face. 

Nic stood up and pulled Jen to her. Deftly, she raised the hem of her dress. Clad in only a black lace bra and thong set, Nic's coppery hair tumbled down from its ponytail and she turned Jen around so that her front was pressed against the back of the still clothed bartender. 

Knowing that she would give in to Nic, as she always did, Jen didn't question the girl's erratic behavior. 

"Take off your top," Nic demanded in a tone that sent shivers down her spine. 

She took it off quickly and pressed back to feel Nic's lace encased chest press up against her back. Nic's knee nudged between her legs and she quickly spread them a bit wider to let the woman's leg through. Nic pressed her knee up into Jen's denim encased pussy and without thinking Jen's body started to grind against it and make slow and sensual circles. Nic's hands made their way around Jen's body, leaving no surface untouched. Jen shuddered at the feeling, not knowing what was coming up next but reeling in the anticipation. 

Nic's hands made their way down and skillfully unbuttoned Jen's jeans. She dropped her knee and let her hand slither into the woman's lace underwear. Nic palmed Jen's shaved pussy and let her middle finger breach the soaking slit. Jen groaned and pressed her body into Nic's hand. Jen continued to grind against her and started panting with need. Moments later, Nic removed her hand and stepped away. 

"Naked...and on the bed. Now."

Jen looked back and her eyes caught Nic's.

"Did I stutter?" said Nic, waiting impatiently for Jen to comply.

Jen looked for a moment more and quickly removed the rest of her clothing. Climbing onto the bed, she saw Nic walk towards her closet and she knew what was coming. Nic returned with four leather cuffs and attached them to Jen's wrists and ankles. Jen didn't think to protest because at this point she wanted it as much, if not more, than Nic. Nic had this power over her and she yearned to please and submit to her. Nic clipped the cuffs to the clips that had taken permanent residence on Jen's bed and stared down and the now incapacitated woman. 

Jen's breath skipped as she saw Nic remove her own bra and underwear and slide so she was sitting right on top of her. Nic let her body fall towards Jen's; their breasts brushed with light contact. Gasping, Jen arched her back trying desperately to get more flesh-to-flesh contact with the girl on top of her. Nic held her mouth just far enough from Jen's so that she couldn't reach her. Seeing the dark-haired beauty reaching up towards her had her adrenaline pumping. 

"Ugh, Nic. Just touch me," Jen groaned. 

Nic smiled and moved down the woman's body. Her lips grazed Jen's neck and she felt a shiver run through her. Jen's responsive nature was one of the things that kept Nic coming back to her, something she didn't do very often. 

"You want me to touch you?" Nic baited her as she moved down to take one of Jen's nipples into her mouth. 

"Oh my god..." Jen gasped as she arched into Nic's mouth. 

Licking and sucking for a moment, Nic moved across Jen's chest to get to her other breast, kissing her smooth sternum on the way. 

"Where do you want me to touch you?" She asked as she passed her tongue over Jen's stiff bud. 

"Fuck," Jen whispered as Nic increased her suction. "Everywhere, touch me everywhere." 

"Everywhere, huh?" Nic said as she moved further down Jen's body. "What about here?" Nic's mouth made contact with side of Jen's body where her hip met her waist. She was rewarded with a gasp and the sound of Jen's breathing picking up even further. Nic moved down and put her mouth on the inside of Jen's thigh giving it a long lick. 

"What about there?" 

Jen groaned as Nic removed her mouth from the sensitive area on the inside of her thigh. "Oh god," Jen said. "Fuck me." Her voice rose slightly and she near yelled, "Nic, fuck me." 

Hearing the desperation in Jen's voice made Nic smile. Nic moved between her legs and licked her slowly up the length of her pussy. Jen's body began to shake almost immediately so Nic latched her mouth onto her clit and pinched it between her lips, sucking lightly, and thrust two fingers into Jen's dripping cunt. Nic's fingers curled up and she increased the pressure on her clit, licking it furiously inside her mouth. Jen's body shook and she cried out as her orgasm rippled through her body. Nic never stopped sucking or roughly fucking her fingers into Jen's body. As her first orgasm started to recede, Jen felt Nic's free hand reach below her body and move in between her ass cheeks. Just one touch to her twitching hole had her building up to another massive orgasm. Nic's finger slowly circled the flexing bud and Jen pushed to increase the friction. She moaned and gasped and writhed against her restraints but the moment Nic's finger breached her other hole, she was gone. She couldn't see straight and her eyes fluttered closed. With a start, her body arched up away from the bed. 

"Nic! Fuck, ahh... NIC!" she screamed as her body lost all control. 

Nic watched as Jen's body thrashed and contorted beneath her. Removing both her hands, she sat up and watched as Jen panted and shook, desperate to catch her breath. Nic was drunk with power. Without any warning, Nic moved her body up and straddled the woman's face. Jen's eyes opened as she saw where Nic was headed and shifted her body in anticipation. 

It wasn't in Nic's nature to allow for recovery time and through that Jen had learnt to push through her orgasm's aftershocks to avoid being completely useless. Nic lowered herself down onto Jen's waiting mouth and Jen started licking furiously, desperate to make Nic feel the way she did right now. 

Her tongue anxiously probed at the redhead's bare pussy and soft moans escaped from Nic's mouth. Nic raised herself and turned around so that she was facing Jen's body. She leaned over and ran her hands down Jen's tanned torso. Jen continued to work her tongue rapidly around and in Nic's pussy but her mind wandered as she felt Nic's hands running lightly across her body. Her legs jerked against the cuffs on her ankles as Nic lightly stroked her pussy with a finger. 

Nic rose from the bed and stepped off, feeling Jen's rabid glare following her movement. She reached into the drawer where she had found the cuffs and found a harness with a thick 8" dildo. 

"Oh god," Jen gasped from across the room. 

Jen's mind raced as she saw what Nic had removed from her toy drawer. She knew it was Nic's favorite because this one, unlike the other toys she kept in her bottom drawer, could be inserted into Nic as well as Jen. Nic arranged the harness around her legs and slipped one end of the dildo into her pussy with a deep sigh. She picked up a bottle of lube and walked over to the nightstand. She stood looking over Jen's bound body, leaned down and whispered, "I bet I don't even need this, do I?" Jen shook her head as Nic's hand reached down between her legs. "You're so fucking wet for me, aren't you?" 

Jen panted and pleaded with her as she began to stroke her sopping wet pussy. 

"Please, Nic. Please. I need you to fuck me. Oh god. I need it."

Nic moved and unclipped Jen's legs getting into a position so that she could enter the writhing woman beneath her. She coated the dildo with a light layer of lube and thrust in without a warning in one smooth stroke. 

"Oh god!" gasped Jen as she bucked her hips up to match Nic's hard thrusts. 

Nic picked up her pace and relished the feeling of the toy fucking her back. After a few long moments, Jen mewled and Nic bent her body towards her and gave her a long passionate kiss. Their tongues battled as Nic continued to ravage Jen underneath her. Jen's legs wrapped around Nic's slender waist and pulled her closer, moaning into the dominant woman's mouth. 

"You know what I'm going to do when I'm done fucking your tight pussy, Jen?" Nic whispered in her ear. 

"N-N-No, what a-are you going t-to do?" Jen gasped as her third orgasm built. 

"I'm going to take this cock," Nic whispered, "and I'm going to fuck your pretty little ass." 

Nic sat back up and began pounding into the dark-haired woman with a vengeance. Jen whimpered at the notion of Nic fucking her ass and just as she was about to come, Nic pulled out of her quickly. 

"W-what the...Nic? Ah!"

Before she could say anything else, she felt two lubed up fingers breaching her back entrance. She pushed back against them and Nic scissored her fingers inside. Once her two fingers were moving quite easily, she slipped in a third and began thrusting them in and out.

"Nic, I'm ready," Jen moaned as she pulled her arms against the cuffs. 

Nic pulled her fingers out and reached for the bottle of lube. Covering the long cock she moved into position and pressed the head firmly into Jen's waiting asshole. Her body accepted the invader and Nic pressed into her slowly and moved until their thighs were touching, then she paused.

Jen released a breath that she didn't know she had been holding and waited to get used to the large toy inside her ass. After a few moments, her body ached to be touched again and she started moving her hips. 

Taking this as a sign that she was ready for more, Nic slowly pulled out and pressed back into Jen's waiting ass. The pressure and resistance that the toy felt from Jen's ass only increased the pressure on Nic's end of the toy and after a few minutes at a laborious pace her body began to move faster. Nic could feel an orgasm rising deep within her and she thrust even harder. Jen's moans were building in volume and her arms were pulling desperately at the restraints. 

Sensing her need, Nic reached down and without breaking her rhythm she thrust three fingers into Jen's gaping cunt. One swipe of her thumb on Jen's clit had her bucking up towards Nic and they both lost it. Panting and screaming, the pair froze and let their orgasms rip through them. 

Jen's body collapsed and Nic slowly pulled away and removed the harness. Dropping it onto the floor, she unclipped Jen's hands and watched the girl stretch out. Nic unsteadily walked out of the room towards the kitchen and returned with a bottle of water and a beer. She handed the water to Jen who accepted it with a smile and took a long draw on the beer she had brought for herself. 

Jen reached a hand out and beckoned Nic towards the bed. Nic entered and moved behind the recovering woman. 

"You ok?" said Nic. 

"Oh, yeah..." Jen whimpered as she turned to see Nic resting behind her. Nic took another long sip of her beer and looked back at Jen. 

"That was hot," she said with a smirk. 

Jen laughed, "Yeah, you're in fine form tonight." 

"Sorry I just showed up. I know I usually call first," Nic said sheepishly. 

Jen smiled back at her, "I'm just glad I hadn't gone to sleep yet," yawning and stretching out her back. 

"I'll let you get some sleep," said Nic as she swung her legs around and stood from the bed. 

"Do you want to stay?" Jen asked, knowing that the answer would almost certainly be no. 

Nic gathered her clothes from the floor and quickly got dressed. "No, thanks," she replied. 

"Ok," Jen replied, "just call me later." 

"Will do," Nic leaned over to Jen and gave her a soft but passionate kiss. 

"Bye, babe," Jen said as she watched Nic make for the back door. 

"Bye, I'll be sure the door locks behind me," Nic replied. 

Jen nodded and watched her leave the room. Sated and exhausted she slipped into a deep sleep.