 Lisa was checking email when one of those pop-up adds for an adult site came into view. She almost hit delete but instead clicked on the image. There were all different kinds of options from dvds to lingerie to toys. As she was ready to hit delete again suddenly she clicked on toys. She could not believe what she was seeing. Her conservative mind never dreamed of all that was available. As she looked through one item after another she thought of Carol and their second encounter. 

Both had vowed after their first encounter never to have sex again but yesterday the vow was broken as they looked at each other's naked bodies. The first time was a bit awkward but yesterday seemed natural and sweet.  Then she saw it. The toy, and she thought that she and Carol must have it, for deep inside both new their affair would continue and blossom. She put the item in the shopping cart, entered the credit card information, shipping address, and then hit submit.

The two talked to each other daily but did not allude to either meeting, yet there was a different tone in their discussions. Their talks were softer, sweeter, and less business like. They talked of romance and sexually unfulfilled lives. 

The days passed when the front door bell rang. Lisa looked out the window just in time to see the UPS truck pulling down the driveway. She wondered for a moment, then it hit her, her order was here. She raced down the stairs, opened the door, took a deep breath, and looked around. Sure that no one was looking, she stooped down and retrieved the package. She laughed at herself realizing that if anyone had seen her, they would not know what was in the package. 

She opened it and was immediately aroused. She put the package down and called Carol. No sooner had they two said, "Hello'" then Lisa said, "I've got something special for us." 

Carol started, "What are you talking..." It was then that Carol realized that it was about their intimacy. Suddenly Carol said, "Lisa, we have got to stop this."

Lisa replied disappointedly, "What do you mean?"

Carol sensed her disappointment and said, "No, not that. I mean we need to talk about it openly. Are you inviting me over to make love with you?"

Lisa said, "Yes, please as soon as you can. And I am glad you said it. There is no sense in hiding it or not talking about it any longer. It is between us and we should no be ashamed of it. It is who we are becomming." 

Carol agreed and said she would be over shortly.

Lisa put the package in her night stand and freshened up as she waited for Carol. She was just finishing putting on a new blouse when she heard Carol's car in the driveway. 

She went downstairs, her heart pounding with excitement. Before Carol had arrived on the landing Lisa opened the door. The two women smiled at each other and as soon as the door closed they fell into each other's arms and kissed passionately. When the broke the kiss Lisa looked at Carol and said, "I've missed you." 

Carol smiled and said, "I was always only a phone call away."

The two sat down and both were relieved to finally talk openly about their relationship. Their long friendship had evolved into sharing intimacies that neither had ever really thought of. No longer would they plan trysts under the guise of shopping trips, but now would openly talk about making love. Finally, Lisa said, "Do you have enough time to make love." 

Carol smiled and said, "Of course."

Both women rose and walked up the stairs to the master bedroom. A king sized canopy bed stood in the middle of the room. Lisa had taken the liberty of lighting some candles and the room smell of lilacs. There was no hesitation as the two women disrobed, each admiring the other's body. 

They climbed into bed from opposite sides and fell into each other's arms. They kissed and lips parted, tongues, explored as did hands. As they kissed, their legs intertwined, and each woman's thigh's pressed up and in to the other woman's pussy. Both women were already moist and as they kissed and caressed their moisture grew. 

Lisa kissed along Carol's neck as Carol's hands moved up and down Lisa's spine. Lisa kissed along Carol's shoulders and then dropped her head to Carol's left breast. She placed a tender kiss on the hardening bud and then sucked gently on it. Carol's breathing became deep and then Lisa moved over to Carol's right breast. She nursed on each breast as Carol told her how good it felt and how lovely Lisa looked in the candlelight.

Lisa's hand slipped down, through the chestnut hair, and into the moist slit. Carol shuddered at the touch and a soft sigh escaped her lips. Carol, no longer constrained by convention, parted her legs. Lisa's middle finger into Carol's hot, steamy depths. 

As Lisa fingered her, she raised her head and the two women kissed again. Sharing tongues, saliva, and breath. As they kissed Carol's hand found its way down to Lisa's blonde pussy. Her fingers pushed through the hair until she found Lisa's swollen clit. She lightly caressed the moist bud and Lisa moaned deeply into Carol's mouth. As the women kissed they drove each other on with their fingers. 

Their bodies squirmed, became flushed, and covered in a sheen of perspiration. They kissed, moaned, and fingered until both reached that moment of no return. That split second where you realize that you can't go back from the edge, but merely surrender to the ultimate pleasure. They broke the kiss so they could gulp breath as they rocked up and back in orgasm. One contraction after another ripped through their pussies. One spasm after another rocked them. Both felt like they were floating away and for a few moments so overcome with sheer pleasure that they forgot where they were and what they were doing. 

Finally, they both came back to earth.  They looked at each, smiled, and kissed. Lisa then looked into Carol's eyes and said, "Darling, I love you." 

Carol smiled and replied, "I love you back."

Lisa giggled and said, "Wait." 

She rolled over and opened the bedside table. She pulled out a double headed dildo and held it up for Carol to see. Carol's eyes got large as she focused on the flesh colored piece of soft latex. Lisa held one end up and began to suck on it. Carol did the same and when both women had made the artificial phallus wet they entered the heads into each other's pussies. 

Slowly, inch by inch until they were connected. Both smiled as they embraced each other. They kissed and then began to move their hips up and back. It took a while of adjusting and re-adjusting but finally they fell into a nice soft rhythm. They kissed and talked. Talked of fulfillment, of passion, of friendship and caring.  They rocked up and back slowly building to yet another climax. Pushing now with intensity, both women were climbing the mountain of sexual release. Words were replaced with moans and sighs. As they grew close words returned, "Fuck me, Lisa," cried Carol.

As Lisa replied, "Yes, baby let's cum now." 

No longer thinking their bodies began to respond based solely on the most primal of all instincts, the instinct of pleasure. Both drove into each other their molten liquid covering the artificial phallus. Both women came, nipples hard, pussies leaking, bodies sweating, and lungs gasping for breath. 

Then as before, both women began to return to earth. Falling and landing softly. They smiled, kissed, and embraced. They lay there for a while not speaking but simply smiling and caressing. It was blissful and what both women craved. They were finding fulfillment like they never thought possible. They lay their contentedly until they slowly rose and got dressed. Leaving the artificial cock on the bed Lisa walked Carol out to her car. The two women hugged and kissed each other on the cheeks. Carol drove off as Lisa waved.

Lisa went back up to her room and retrieved the artificial cock and put the end that was in Carol into her mouth. She sucked tasting her lover's honey on the cock. She savored it and couldn't wait until they met again.