 Following the phone conversation with Diane, Alice went to her wardrobe and extracted a black dress she had not worn for some time. She tried it on and decided that it needed to be a snugger fit if it was to suit her new found exhibitionist streak. The dress was actually, quite demure, a full bodice up to a short 'v' neck and a straight skirt to her knees. The feature that interested Alice was the full-length zip fastener that worked from either end in the front from the neck to a short split in the front hem of the skirt. 

Alice assessed what was needed to alter the dress to what she wanted. Removing the dress, she went back down stairs and after assuring that Edwin did not mind if she did some sewing, got out her kit and proceeded to work her magic on the dress.

The following morning, she was beside herself with excitement to the point were, over breakfast, Edwin actually commented on her bubbly mood. She assured him that she just felt good and that the library job had given her an alternative focus for her life that she had been missing. Edwin seemed to accept that and he disappeared into his study. She went to their bedroom to get ready.

She pulled on a pair of white hold-up stockings. These had a deep lacy band around the top and like those the previous day, came within a lick of her freshly shaven pussy lips. She had found the shoes she had bought with the dress, black patent court shoes with fairly high heels. She slipped them on and looked at her image in the mirror. She liked what the shoes did to her legs and for that matter, her backside. Since her experiences of the day before, her ass now a definite sexual aspect.

She put on the dress and as in the book, spent some time making sure each tit was positioned correctly in the bodice. One of the modifications she had done was to tighten the bodice across her boobs slightly to give an enhanced décolletage, especially if the zip was lowered. The downside was that, because of her excitement, her distended nipples were fairly obvious. She knew that the dress would never be able to be worn with underwear, it would look tatty.

As it was raining, she wore her raincoat and some boots for the walk to work. To a certain extent she was relieved as she met a few of Edwin's groupies going about their Monday morning shopping. Ostensibly, she appeared to them her usual serene self, but to Alice the swan analogy applied; underneath as well as nearly naked, she was a seething caldron of emotion.

She arrived at the library to find Diane already inside fussing over the mail. She had chosen to wear a light two-piece suit with which there did not appear to be a blouse or top under the fairly loose fitting jacket. They greeted each other as usual as Alice passed her on her way to the cloakroom to get rid of her rain gear. Once she was ready, shoes on and dress nervously smoothed down, she checked herself in the mirror, took a deep breath and went out to join her friend.

Diane turned to face the approaching Alice. "Is it cold or are you pleased to see me?" Diane asked smiling, her eyes fixed on the protrusions caused by Alice's nipples.

"Most definitely the latter" Alice replied walking straight up to her friend. "Can you pop into the office with me for a mo' and I will show you just how pleased." Without waiting for her response, Alice took Diane's hand and led her into the little room behind the front desk. Once inside with the door shut they automatically moved into each other's embrace and Alice experienced her first kiss with one of her own sex. The soft contact with Diane's lips and body were totally different to that she felt with Edwin, her only other lover. Diane's tongue probed at Alice's lips that quickly yielded in response. The feel of Diane's tongue fencing with her own, her ample bosom pressing into her own and her hands needing her bottom cheeks induced a long guttural moan, stifled by the mouth inducing it.

They broke apart, both looking a little flushed. "Well" Diane broke the spell, "unless we want make the front page of the tabloids tomorrow, I think we ought to back off and get our jobs done. My God, Alice, you are one hot fucking woman!"

"You are, of course, quite right and I'll take that as a compliment." Alice went to the small vanity mirror and checked her appearance. "That was my first girl to girl kiss, but I don't think it will be my last."

"Neither my darling do I" Diane moved behind her and looking over Alice's shoulder, also checked she looked OK. Their eyes held each other in the mirror and for a moment, nothing needed to be said. Then Diane continued. "Lets come back here together after we close this afternoon."

"What's wrong with lunch time?"

Diane pointed to the windows. "No blinds! That playing field will be full of adolescents even in this weather.

"Oh fuck!

"Alice, your language, but yes, oh fuck!

"If you can, I can! Now instead we will have a ploughman's at The Bull, my treat." As Diane was about to suggest a Dutch treat, she was cut off with Alice's lips gently pressing against her own. "I will not brook any argument Diane, my treat!"

"OK my dear, then get that lovely ass in gear and open the doors, 10 o'clock is past. We are late, but this time I will forgive you."

The morning passed quickly because they were quite busy. This surprised them somewhat, because Monday was not one of their busy days, especially in inclement weather. The constant activity neutering any chance of hanky-panky which Alice was certainly up for if she could get a chance. The weather had moderated just before they closed for lunch. Before leaving Alice had checked the playing field and sure enough, dozens of the little sods were milling around under their window. They slipped their cots over their shoulders and left for lunch.

The walked across to the pub arm-in-arm, their neighbouring breasts pressing against each other. As they walked, Alice told Diane that she loved the contact between them and hoped that she did not mind too much. Diane assured her she was also touchy-feely, but to be careful not to attract unwanted eyes.

They entered an almost deserted bar, "It's the weather!" grumbled Bernard, the landlord. Alice ordered their meals and succumbed to Diane's pressure and allowed her to by two glasses of wine. Bernard told her that she had just missed Edwin, he had been in to organise the Baines' funeral wake. They found a window table and sat opposite each other, each wanting to see as much of the other as they could.

Alice made as if she could not get into her seat and released the lower zip a few inches. This allowed her to open her legs a little more for her friend's eyes. Diane in turn commented on how warm it was in the window and undid all but one of her jacket buttons. Both sets of eyes were focused on the charms on display when they heard Bernard approaching. Diane held her jacket and Alice closed her legs before he could arrive. Once departed, they relaxed and Alice lowered the top zip to be level with her nipples.

"You are a gorgeous looking and intelligent woman Alice, it seems ironic that you should be living in this sort of environment." Diane continued by asking, "you obviously have a rebellious streak, do you never want to break out?"

"Ironically, no!" Alice said emphatically. "Eddie is a gem and I love him dearly." She went on to tell Diane of their meeting and his rebellious streak. "I think I'm beginning to find it again" she smiled at her memory of their recent lovemaking. "And now that I have you, for the moment that is enough for me." Alice pondered why she had added that.

"That implies movement or growth?" Diane raised an eyebrow.

"Oh the latter and I hope you will help me."

Diane smiled, "I am going to enjoy this" she chuckled, "but how far do you want to go?"

Alice instinctively knew that this woman would be a solid friend, even if not a lover, and consequently also knew she would not get hurt. "As far as you want to take me!"

They devoured their lunch and sat finishing their wine. Diane could not seem to take her eyes of Alice's cleavage. "God, those tits of yours look fabulous" she said, "I can't wait to get my mouth on them."

"Ditto" responded Alice gazing at Diane's naked tits. Her jacket had gaped as she had leant forward to place her empty glass on the table. Alice finished her wine and as they re-adjusted their dress whispered, "I can't wait to see you naked."

They returned to the library as they left, arm-in-arm, if anything, gripping each other tighter. They went into the cloakroom come toilet and shed their coats. Alice took hold of Diane's face in her hands and without saying a word, lightly kissed her lips. It was just a peck, but the contact was searing for both women. Alice was about to open the door to attend to whoever had entered the library when Diane put her hand over hers on the door handle to stop her. Alice looked at her questioningly and saw the dampness of approaching tears. "Alice, I never intended this to happen, but I think I'm falling in love with you."

"Diane, my darling woman" Alice smiled at her and confidently continued, "I am already in love with you. I can't wait to consummate it, but not until you want to"

Diane did not know whether to laugh or cry. "You are a bitch aren't you, you've turned the tables on me. All I have wanted to do since you started here is get into your nickers and now all I want to do is make love to you."

"Well you are not getting in to them today" Alice said turning the door handle, "I'm not in any." She opened the door and passed through it to attend to what was now a queue waiting at the desk.

The queue had been dispersed by the time Diane had composed herself and returned to the desk. Alice was sorting out the returned books in preparation of returning them to the shelves. Diane picked up a couple she had apparently missed and went over to give them to her. "That makes two of us hussies darling" she whispered, "and you missed these."

"No I didn't, look at them."

Diane saw that they were lesbian stories, in fact they were by the same author as the book and she had read them. "Ah" she murmured, "do you want to read these, I can recommend them. The curiosity got the better of her, " Who returned them?"

"Are you getting predatory already, you've got me to bed first." Alice couldn't blame her because of her own reaction when she realised what the books were and who had returned them. "The college girl in the "Women's Interests" section. I know her, she was in my Sunday school class a couple of years ago."

"Don't worry lover" Diane whispered placing the books back on the desk, "but if I've read you right, there is more than a glimmer of interest in your eyes." "Guilty!" Alice laughed, loud enough for the nearer patrons to turn and see what had amused her. "I'm going that way, I'll check her out for us." With that parting shot she gave the trolley a shove to propel it toward the stacks. Diane had to stay to attend a borrower who had just approached the desk.

Alice felt exhilarated as she walked toward her task. As she disappeared into the first set of shelves, finding nobody there she pulled both ends of her dress zipper and took a couple of books from the trolley and proceeded to Women's Interests. She found the girl scanning the shelves as if looking for something specific. Alice had not particularly noticed before what a beauty she was. Blond shoulder length hair, about five feet ten with a gorgeous figure which her bulky tracksuit failed to smother. Alice was immediately reminded of the Cindy character in the book and felt a flush of excitement at the implications of her thoughts.

"It's Susan isn't it? Sue Clark?" Alice made sure she was bent down to give the girl the best possible view of her tits.

"Yes, but I don't think I know -- oh my God! Mrs Scott! I didn't recognise you." Alice was pleased when she saw the girls eyes fasten on her cleavage and stay there.

"We're not in Sunday school any more Susan, so it's Alice." Alice now stretched up to a higher shelf, holding on with one hand so that she could stand on one foot and lift her free leg out in a balancing action, thus opening the extended slit in her skirt. Again Susan's eyes took in what was on show and this time it was more that she had intended, reaching up had lifted the hem of her dress as well. Susan had a clear view of what was by now an extremely damp pussy.

"Jeese Mrs -- sorry -- I mean Alice, you sure are one funky lady!" Susan was smiling. "You were always so reserved, so plain."

"Came with the territory didn't it" Alice stood on two feet again facing the girl. "Now you seem to be looking for something specific. Can I help?"

"Well I don't know ...."

Before she could continue Alice interrupted "I saw the books you returned, remember. Now don't worry, what are you looking for?"

"I honestly don't think it will be here, it's a bit -- shall we say -- hot?" Sue sort of looked sideways at Alice as if frightened of her reaction.

"You won't know until you ask will you. You've more than enough time in here to find it. What is the title?" Alice was beginning to loose her patience.

"Mrs Dane in Washington" she said at last "its part of a trilogy. I've already read the others.

"Ah" Alice responded realising it was the book she had at home, "that book has not yet been approved for general consumption Susan. But I can make sure you can see a copy if you would like."

"You'll not tell anyone will you?" Susan looked concerned.

Alice smiled conspiratorially. "We're like the doctor, client confidentiality" she assured, "besides I like that author too."

"Then I won't let on either" Susan smiled.

"About what?"

"That you're beautifully naked under that gorgeous dress."

Alice actually blushed "Thank you!" and before she could stop herself, "you should try it sometime."

"Perhaps next time I come in."

"Any day but Wednesday please" Alice pleaded, "I would love to see you too. Now before you go, go to the desk and reserve that book. Tell Diane, my friend" she emphasised 'friend', "Alice -- use Alice -- sent you. OK?"

"OK and thanks" and she disappeared round the end of the stack.

Alice dashed to where she could see Diane and signalled to her that the girl she was talking to was the one. As Susan filled in the reservation form, Diane signalled back her approval.

Alice retrieved the books she had used as her pretext for talking to Susan and went back to work. When she had completed all the returns, she felt a little mischievous and passed through the front part of the library to see how many people were there. On seeing only two sitting in the newspaper section, she returned to the stacks and went to the end of the isle that led directly onto the desk. She was just in time to see Diane disappear into the office, but knew she would not leave the desk unattended for long.

Alice checked there was no one near her in the stacks and as she returned to the end of the isle, unzipped her dress. As she turned to look toward the desk, Diane was coming through the office door and saw her immediately. She was transfixed as Alice opened her dress and with one hand separated her labia and with the other buried her fingers in her cunt. The look on Diane's face was priceless as she extracted her fingers and put them in her mouth to lick them clean. She quickly retreated into the stacks to re-adjust her dress before striding back to the desk as if nothing had happened.

Once everybody had left at the appointed time, Alice went to lock the doors. As she returned to the desk, Diane smiled at her and turned to go into the office. Alice went to the phone and called Edwin and told him a consignment of books had arrived and they wanted to check the inventory then, rather than in the morning. She would be a little late getting home. He suggested that he meet her at The Bull instead of cooking late and she agreed to call him when to come.

When she at last entered the office, she found Diane just wearing just her hold-up stockings and shoes, lent against the desk. Alice pulled the zip of her dress and took it off. They stood looking at each other, taking in each other's beauty. Alice moved forward and put her hands around her lover's waist and pulled them together. They kissed and as they did, Diane's arms went around Alice's neck. As their tongues fought a battle for supremacy, Alice's hands stroked Diane's back. As the kiss went on, their breathing quickened, their movements became aggressive.

Alice broke the kiss and went straight for Diane's left nipple, sucking as much of her tit into her mouth as she could. Diane grunted deep in her throat. She held her lover's head and moved it to the other breast where the act was repeated. "God Alice, you are a surprise" Diane said between moans and grunts as Alice worked from one breast to the other. "Oh that is sublime!" 

Alice left the mammary delights and as she sank to her knees, she looked into her lover's eyes. "Talk dirty to me Diane, be as filthy as you like, I love it."

"Get down there and suck my cunt my darling slut." Diane also loved the sound of obscenities. "Get my cunt wet, I want to see my cunt juice all over your face."

"Oh yes Diane!" Alice moved forward and kissed the shaved skin just above the clitoris. Diane leaned back and spread her legs exposing her whole genital area. "Oh it is beautiful darling" Alice whispered and then extended her tongue to lick the labia on each side.

"What is Alice? tell me what you find so alluring" Diane demanded, encouraging Alice to open up.

Alice stopped her ministrations and looked up at her friend. "Your charming cunt my dear" Alice responded then gave it another lick. "I know I haven't seen too many, but this pretty pussy gets my juices flowing" She returned to her task, this time she pushed Diane's legs further apart which separated her labia, exposing her clitoris.

Alice's tongue went straight for the tip and flipped it back and forth. "Uuuughhh, that is sooo goo oo ood" Diane moaned, "keep doing that for a while, it's wonderful." Alice was enjoying herself! The taste of her lover's pussy was exquisite. Diane's reactions to her untutored cunt lapping increasing her own arousal.

Alice lifted Diane's legs slightly to open her bum cheeks to reveal her anus. She then swept her tongue from it to her clit. "Oh shit, Alice, I love my ass hole played with, go for it. Tongue my ass, please?" Alice duly obliged, she ran the tip around the brown skin that surrounded it drawing mewing sounds from her victim. The slightly salty taste making her feel a little heady. She was so intoxicated by the situation and her love for her friend that it seemed so natural to stiffen her tongue and push it past the sphincter and into the recesses beyond.

Diane almost shouted "Oh you fucking bitch, that is sensational." Her breathing was decidedly ragged as her impending orgasm approach. She grabbed hold of her on legs allowing Alice to use her hands. Alice meanwhile had pressed her mouth against the skin around her target and generated saliva to lubricate her tongue's passage. She pushed the spit into the hole with her tongue and when it felt easier, stared to vigorously tongue-fuck her friend's anus.

"Oh darling" Diane mewed, "I know I love you doing that, but I'm going to come. I want your mouth on my cunt when I come." Alice quickly moved her attention to the orifice above. She did the same thing, she fastened her mouth over the entrance and began to tongue-fuck Diane's cunt. "Oh hell, how long is your tongue?" Diane was getting close, grunting. "Oh! Oh! Oh!" with each thrust then "Aaaaaahhhhhhhh" as she went into her orgasm.

Alice was so beside herself with pure sexual excitement that she had brought her friend to a climax, that she was naturally swallowing the fluids that Diane emitted. Diane's orgasm was so profound that she had relaxed her complete body and the contents of her bladder found its way down Alice's throat. The eventual realisation of what she was actually drinking far from disgusting her, triggered her own orgasm. Alice did not remove her mouth until all the flow had stopped.
