 I was so excited to have landed such a great job. The competition within the department was fierce but I was up to the challenge. I quickly made friends with a woman named Daria, one of the top performers, who also seemed to be best friends with the department chair, Cate. I felt fortunate and on top of the world. I was fitting in to my new assignment and even making some influential friends. 

After Daria and I had become pretty good friends, she invited me over. When I got to her home, Cate was also there. Daria told me that they were roommates. 

"OK...." I thought. I wondered why this wasn't general knowledge. 

They said they wanted to keep it a secret so that no one would think Cate was playing favorites with Daria because of their friendship. Seemed reasonable. 

All three of us continued to socialize outside of work together for months. I was stoked because I was becoming really good friends with the boss. Yes, that was a bit shallow, but I was young... and ambitious! 

One night when I was over for a barbecue, they sat me down in the living room, Cate said, "There's something we need to tell you..." 

I was immediately on alert. I thought, "Did I do something wrong?" 

No, they said, they were both quitting and moving up north, about three hours away. They wanted to let me know that I was going to be promoted. 

And....that they were lovers and needed to leave because management had found out. You could have heard a pin drop.

Daria went on to say that they knew it wasn't me that had told, because I was clueless (I really was), but they had begun to really like me and wanted to let me know why they were leaving. 

I was a little stunned for various reasons (imagine processing both a promotion and that your good friends are more than friends) all in the same moment. 

Cate and Daria moved a few weeks later, and I was promoted. I continued to visit them up north as often as I could get away. 

One trip up there, it got really late, and we all decided I should stay. They got me fixed up in the spare room, and then went to theirs. 

As I lay in bed wide awake, my thoughts kept running to the fact they were in the same bed together. Before that moment, I'd never pictured them in bed together. I'd also never been attracted to women at all, but never the less I was lying there that night picturing what they might be doing, and getting worked up. 

I listened to them talking, readying themselves for bed. Then it got quiet. By this time my pussy was pulsating and I knew I needed to relieve it. To this day, I don't know why I did it, but I got up, went into the hall, and listened at their door! 

At first I heard nothing. Just when I was getting ready to go back to my bed and take care of my situation, I heard the tiniest little half gasp followed by a small moan. 

Every nerve ending in my body was instantly on fire. 

Have you ever experienced silence being deafening in your ears? Well, that's how I felt. I was totally in the moment, and not thinking of anything else but listening closely to hear them. 

I had wondered what two girls would sound like... would it be the same as a woman and man? I could definitely hear them at this point. It was muted but I knew what was happening. 

Without really thinking, slid my thong panties aside and put my hand on my now soaked mound and started rubbing myself. 

There I was.... fingering my pussy outside their door while listening! I must have not been too careful about being quiet, because all of a sudden, it went silent in their room. 

I was ready to cum and trying to control my breathing. With my heart beating out of my chest, I tried my best to be still and quiet. 

Then I heard it. "Sierra?" Cate called. I felt like I had been caught robbing a bank. 

Completely forgetting that they could not see me, or even really know for sure that I was there, I said, "Yes?" I immediately thought, "WHY DID I JUST SAY THAT?!" 

Then I hear Daria softly say, "Come on in." I had no choice at that point. I opened the door. 

Cate said, "Did you need something?" 

I mumbled something like, "Um, I heard a noise, and was seeing what it was..." Ugh. So lame! 

Now, what happened next, I have played over and over in my mind. Did they plan this? Had they been attracted to me all along? Did they just seize on an opportunity to see how far I'd go? 

I don't know. But, they asked me what I had heard. I said it sounded like a scream, but really quiet. They laughed. 

Then Daria said I had heard them making love, and how did that make me feel? 

I lied and said, "I don't know." 

In truth, I was trembling and on fire. I felt sure my pussy juices might drip down my leg at any moment, giving away my intense arousal. 

Then Daria said, "Would you like to see what we were doing?" 

I started to say "No", but Cate interrupted and said gently, "Just sit down for a minute; we want to show you something." 

So I came in the room and sat in a chair across from the bed; now mute as well as paralyzed. 

Daria was sitting up between Cate's legs, while Cate lay on the bed. Both were looking at me closely to gauge my reaction. 

I'd never seen either one of them undressed before this moment. Both had good bodies, and Daria was rather large chested, while Cate had a more petite bust, as did I. 

I could not help but stare at Daira's chest. Her breasts were beautiful – and so big. I immediately wanted to touch them. Hell, I wanted to dive into them. I was pleasantly surprised at my reaction. 

Cate began to explain that Daria was very good at licking, and I had heard Cate's moans as Daria's tongue had penetrated her. She said, "If you have not had a guy ever do this to you, or if you have and it wasn't that good, then you can learn something...." 

Before I could say anything Daria dove down into Cate's open legs and began rapidly flicking her tongue on Cate's engorged hood. She was already aroused. 

Soon, Cate began to moan again, just as I had heard from behind the door. 

I just sat there; still feeling frozen except for now my pussy was pounding as hard as my heart. I wanted to do so many things in that moment, but all I could do was stare. I could feel myself on the edge of cumming without even touching myself. 

I forgot all about being self-conscious when I realized they were no longer even focused on me. I started to rub myself again. As I watched them, and as Cate got more and more ready to explode, 

I started to go over the edge. I just totally lost it. With my middle finger rocking back and forth on my throbbing clit, I had the most intense orgasm ever, just as Cate was cumming too. 

With both our bodies heaving and cumming, Daria looked up from Cate's pussy and said, "Come here." I did as I was told. 

I got up out of the chair and walked over to Daria. She laid me down on the bed. I slid into Cate's open arms, with my head in her lap. Daria at the other end pulled down my underwear and with no warning, dove into my pussy. I was still throbbing from cumming and any resistance I had was long gone. 

Alternately licking my clit and driving her tongue deep into my pussy, she gave me the tongue fucking of my life. No man had ever eaten me so well. 

She proceeded to give me an orgasm again, and again. I probably came about ten times back to back. Cate stroked my breasts and pinched my nipples as I came. I rolled over afterwards, exhausted. 

Daria started laughing and said she hoped I had figured out what the strange sound I heard was, and that now I could get a good night's sleep. 

I smiled sheepishly and returned to my bed. My thoughts were hazy and my body satisfied. I slept like a baby. 

In the morning, they made breakfast and then I left. None of us said a word about what had happened, other than Cate's inquiry, "Are you OK?" 

To which I said, "You bet!" 

I didn't know it, but after that night, I would never see them again. I didn't call them, and after a few weeks, they called me. It was kind of awkward, but they said that because they were a couple, they didn't ever let anyone come between them. 

They had talked about it, and thought it was best if we ended the friendship. They said they loved me dearly, and that was the problem. They could not let themselves get emotionally involved. 

I said, "but I'm straight!" 

To which they both replied, "Yes, but we've had sex now, so it's different". 

I understood, but was sad to say goodbye to what might have been an incredible new chapter in my life. I still think about that pussy licking I got that night, and I always get wet when I do.