 It was a bad first quarter. College wasn't what I thought it would be. I went to the big school hoping to make a big impact and to meet a lot of people. Granted I was shy, but I still figured in a university of over 20,000 people I was bound to make some good connections. At first things seemed to go well. I went to a few mixers led by various dorm groups and I had fun. I met some nice guys and went to a few parties. But then I met Carl. 

He was a sophomore working in the Student Union building handing out flyers. He approached me about some event and since he was cute so I took the flyer and managed to convince him that I would only go if he did. Things progressed from there as many freshmen college relationships do: we met, went on some dates, slept together and then he stopped calling. If I was a girl from Laguna Beach or something I would have been fine. But I was from a small town in Northern California and I was looking for love. I was devastated. Thankfully I became friends with Tiffany. 

Tiffany was almost everything I was not. First of all she was from Taiwan. Her parents sent her to go to school in US and she had adjusted very quickly. So she was Asian and she was beautiful. Her long straight black hair was my first envy, followed by her olive skin and thin waste. She had a great figure and a confident out-going personality to finish it off. She always smiled and always seemed surrounded by friends. It was quite surprising then when she was assigned to be my bio lab partner.

I spent the remainder of the quarter explaining my relationship woes to her and she was always a good sport to hear me out. If she wasn't there, I probably would have dropped out of school. As it turned out she needed a place to crash for Christmas vacation and I had space at my place so we were excited to spend the holiday together.

I was nervous when she agreed to stay when I looked at the calendar and realized the break was almost the whole month of December. What were we going to do in my small boring town for 4 weeks? I called home and found out my parents were going on a cruise for their anniversary for the first two weeks of the break. How was I going to entertain her by myself?

We arrived on a Friday night, bleary eyed but caffeinated from the long drive. My parents were there to see us then made their way almost immediately out the door to catch their flight to Florida. Their Panama Canal cruise was leaving the next day. Naturally they loved Tiffany and I was a little embarrassed when I saw my dad check her out when she was carrying her stuff in. I don't think she noticed.

That first night everything started. We were both wired so we decided to stay up late. We were upstairs in my parent's house and decided to watch TV. Rather than marching down to the living room we opted to go to the master bedroom where we could lay on the bed and hopefully be lulled to sleep by cable TV. I unpacked my things and told Tiffany to go ahead while I changed to my pajamas. 

I put on my white tank top and shorts then looked in the mirror. What was wrong with me? My hair was almost shoulder length with a little curl. I had dyed it almost black with a hint of red for fun (naturally it was Tiffany's idea) and I had always been told my blue eyes were pretty. I turned to the side and looked at myself. I wasn't fat—just a size 4 and I always liked my boobs. They were still perky and when I was in high school I knew how to use them to get attention. I looked at my legs and butt. I spent so much time in the gym, I felt good about the way they looked and I knew that my high school boyfriend always loved my butt. But why not Carl? What an ass.

I walked up the hall to the master bedroom and saw Tiffany on the bed. Things came into perspective. Her hair was tied to a side pony tail (apparently the thing in Taiwan) and though she had washed all her make up off, her skin was gorgeous. She wore a green spaghetti-strap tank top and some fun plaid shorts. She lay on her stomach and I could see her cleavage. Her tanned legs were bent behind her punctuating her round butt. She looked up at me and smiled. I was pretty, sure...but she was exotic. That was what college guys wanted.

I walked in and slid next to her. "What are you watching?"

"Not much on," she said. "But I have to show you this...first channel that was on when I turned the TV on."

She flipped a few channels down and at first I didn't know what was happening. Then I saw a girl's boobs and a close up of her sucking a guy's dick. "Oh gross!" I said. "Porn?"

Tiffany laughed. "I wonder if your parents were watching this before we got here."

"Gross...of course not...it is probably just because it is late or something." I frowned as I watched it. I had seen porn before with my brother when I was in high school, so this wasn't shocking to me. But I was surprised my parents had the channel. "Can we watch something else?"

"Haha, sure," Tiffany said. The scene flipped to the large fake boobed girl climbing onto the guy's dick. "This is so silly though...like how would she have sex with him?"

I looked at it and continued to frown. I thought of Carl and I wondered if people thought he was stupid for sleeping with me. "Especially like that." I muttered trying to lighten my own mood. The girl sat facing the screen while she bounced on the guy's big cock. 

"Haha, totally. I wonder how many takes they had to try before they could get it right." Tiffany said laughing. "You have to admit, she has great boobs."

I looked at them bouncing on the screen. "Yeah, I should be so lucky." 

Tiffany looked at me and frowned. She changed the channel to some late show and said, "What do you mean? Kristen you have a great body. I am seriously jealous of your boobs. They are huge compared to mine."

I smiled at the compliment. I was fishing for it, but it still felt nice. We watched the unfunny show for a few minutes quietly. 

"I wonder what position they are in now." Tiffany said.

"What? Who?" I asked slightly confused.

"The porno," Tiffany replied. 

I laughed. Why not watch porn? I was depressed and there was nothing else on. "We can watch it if you want."

Tiffany flipped the channel again. "I don't know why, I am just curious." The camera was focused on penetration. It was my least favorite thing about porn. I mean who cares what it looks like from close up right? The camera pulled back and to show them switching to doggie style. "Ok first of all...yeah right. Like they started how long ago? I am lucky if a guy lasts two minutes; let alone switching to a different position."

"I know right?" I said with a laugh. The girl's face was intense and she started saying profanity and moaning. "Definitely not a real one."

"No...definitely not." Tifany said. 

We watched the porn for another twenty minutes before turning it off and heading to bed. We decided to just sleep on the master bed together, since we were already under the covers and comfortable. I turned the light off and curled up on my side. My head was filled with images of porn, but it was better than thoughts of Carl. He was such an ass.

We lay quiet for sometime and my mind drifted to school and the upcoming quarter. My class load wasn't going to be too bad. The problem was meeting new people that didn't know Carl. Everyone I knew was friends with him and only Tiffany was cool enough not to talk about him incessantly unless I wanted to. The best thing to do was to just try not to think about him. But how?

"Have you ever had a real one?" Tiffany said from her side of the bed in the dark.

"What?" I asked, my train of thought broken.

"You know...a real one." She replied.

"An orgasm?" I asked a little confused.

She was quiet for a second then answered, "Yeah."

I thought about it. I had only slept with two guys. Carl being the last and our few adventures in the bedroom were typical: he groping, groaning, finishing and sleeping. "Um...I don't know."

I heard Tiffany shift in the bed. "I think you would know."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well...I know I have. Like I wasn't sure for a long time. You know I have been with a few guys, and sometimes it was nice you know? But not like mind blowing. But I had one this quarter. I think it was my first real one."

"Wait you had sex this quarter?" I responded. "With who?" I was a little jealous. Tiffany had always been very single and not interested in the boys that went after her.

"No...you know I haven't," She answered.

"Then how?"

She was quiet for a long time. I wondered if she had gone to sleep so I closed my eyes and tried to do the same. "I wouldn't have thought of it if we hadn't have watched the porno." She said out of the dark. 

I was curious. "So what happened?"

Tiffany shifted. "I masturbated."

I didn't know what to say. Thank goodness we were in the dark or she would have seen my blushing face. I remained quiet.

"Have you ever...you know?"

"Um...no." I said too quickly. We were quiet for a while and I thought about it. If I was honest with myself (which I would like to think that I was) I didn't exactly know how. 

Tiffany was quiet. I heard her roll over and shift around. After a few minutes she sighed, "I am just so horny right now. That porno got my mind on sex I guess. Sorry...probably more than you wanted to know."

"No that's ok," I replied. I had sex on my mind as well. I felt an inkling of curiosity so I asked, "So...how do you...um...do it?"

Tiffany rolled over. "So you don't know how?"

"No, I guess I don't."

Tiffany shifted around somewhere on her side. "Um ok...so take your hand and...well like just a finger and do some touching...down there..."

I slid my hand down my shorts to my pussy. I had shaved that morning in the shower so I was very neatly trimmed. I touched my lips gently and I felt a tingle. "Like...inside?" I asked quietly. 

She sighed softly and shifted again. "No...you need to look for...you know...your clit."

I knew where my clit was, I had seen it before so I pushed against the skin softly. I felt a pang of pleasure. Now I knew this was the big spot for girls. But I assumed that whatever guy I was with would give it the attention it needed when the time was right. As I touched it now I knew that it had never been given the attention it needed. Not ever and not like this. I took a deep breath as I rubbed it in a circle. "Um...that is nice." I said and swallowed.

"Yeah..." Tiffany said. I could hear her breathing heavier next to me. "It gets better when you start to get wet."

I had already noticed that as I rubbed it and felt myself start to open up. I took a deep breath and rolled to my back and spread my legs. There was a warm sensation spreading slowly over my body.

"I..." Tiffany said with a heavy breath. "I like to touch my boobs too...they get really...sensitive." I heard her breathing faster and I imagined her hand over her crotch and the other over one of her perfect breasts.

I slid my hand up under my shirt and found my boobs perky and my nipples hard. I rubbed my left nipple and it tingled like crazy. I kept rubbing my clit and I rubbed my breast in a circle. But it wasn't right, so I focused on the nipple and I found it felt the best to pinch it. "Yeah..." I let out a deep gasp. My body felt hot and between my legs was extremely wet. "Ok...so what now?"

I heard Tiffany breathing heavily. "Oo...ok. Um...think about something hot. Like sex with someone hot...whatever you think is sexy."

The first thing I thought of was Carl and I frowned. I wasn't feeling sexy so I pushed that one out. I mean what do I know? My love making experience was limited and I was finding now...completely lame. I felt Tiffany's arm brush against mine—just barely. So slight that the skin on my arm tickled from the touch. I thought of her laying next to me with her eyes closed.

I thought of her rubbing her boob and pinching her nipples just like me. I thought of her touching herself and moving her hand over her pussy. Gently at first, but as she got wet, I thought of her touching her clit. I heard her breathing heavily beside me and she gave out a soft moan.

I rolled to my side and began to rub myself harder. My body burned and my boobs tingled as I pulled on my nipples. "Mm..." I said in Tiffany's direction. I slid a finger in my pussy and I pictured her doing the same: laying on her side looking at me.

"Oh..." her voice surprised me and I felt her breath hot on my face. Her mouth was just inches from my face.

I licked my lips and kept rubbing. My pussy was soaked and I pushed another finger in myself and I moved around to get good pressure. I thought of her doing the same. My nipples were burning so I pulled my shirt up, licked my fingers then pinched one and let out a moan. I felt something building in my pussy...a warmth and I started to tense up.

I heard and felt Tiffany breathing faster. "Oh shit...Kristen I am going to cum." She almost breathed the words on me.

"Oh yes..." I said in a whisper. My pussy felt so open and tingling. My boobs were burning and I licked my hand and pinched my nipple again. Suddenly warmth overtook me and I felt my crotch and hips shake. "Oh my..." I said as the muscles in my body shifted and I was overcome with pleasure. I grabbed my swollen boob tightly and pushed my fingers into my pussy with pressure. In and out, in and out. "Oh..."

"Shit..." Tiffany said in a deep groan and I suddenly felt her forehead pressed against mine. It was hot and sweaty. "Mmm..." 

Her skin burned and I felt my hips naturally gyrate with my fingers. I groaned and moaned as I felt pressure from her head and her mouth only an inch or two from mine. I could taste her breath and smell her skin. I kept my head there against hers and then it was over. We lay like that until I drifted to sleep. My hand was still on my wet pussy and my shirt was pressed over my exposed chest.