 I woke up first that morning. I was a little groggy and confused until I rolled over and looked at Tiffany. She lay on her back with her hair flopped out behind her. Her shirt was crumpled and I could see one of her brown nipples exposed from her shirt being pulled up. I looked at her for a second and thought about the night before. She was so beautiful and I was so lucky to have her as a friend. I smiled and looked down at myself and I realized my boobs were showing too. I pulled my shirt down quickly and got out of bed.

The morning passed quickly. We had some breakfast, enjoyed some good coffee then went out to the town. I gave Tiffany the tour—which took way more time than it usually did. Tiffany loved to go into every shop and look at the most random things. Naturally most people loved to talk with her and I figured most of them had never seen a real Asian before (except on TV) and she was really beautiful. We had lunch and then came back home to hangout. It was cold out so we bundled up and read for a while.

That night after dinner we went back upstairs to watch a movie in my parents' room. It was a good girly movie and I realized that I hadn't thought of Carl the whole day. In fact my mind was occupied by something else altogether. I thought about the night before with Tiffany. I caught myself looking at her periodically wondering if she thought about it too. I noticed when we watched the movie that she took her bra off and I could just make out the tips of her nipples against her tight white shirt. As the movie came to a close I realized it was only 10 pm, but I wanted to turn the lights off. Maybe then in the dark we could talk about it. 

Tiffany beat me to it though.

"Wanna see what's on the porn channel?" She asked with a laugh almost as soon as the credits were rolling.

My heart skipped a beat. "Um...sure." I said pushing myself up against the head board. 

Tiffany flipped through the channels until she found it. The screen was filled with penetration and load moaning.

"Yeah, definitely a faker," Tiffany said with a smile.

The screen pulled back to show a blond bucking her hips against a very unattractive man with a huge penis. He grabbed her butt and grunted while she rode him. I giggled.

"Haha, so is it a requirement to be ugly if you are a guy in a porn?" I asked.

"I am guessing it is the size that counts and not the face," she replied.

The scene ended with the girl on her knees and the guy cumming on her face while the guy grunted like an animal. 

"Ew," Tiffany said laughing.

We turned it off then I got up to go to my room to bed.

"Wait," Tiffany said, she was curled up in the big fluffy comforter. "It is so comfy here we should just sleep here again."

My heart skipped a beat. I had been wondering if I could bring up sleeping in the same room with her somehow all night. "Good idea," I replied.

I turned off the lights and slid into bed next to her. She rolled around a bit and then was quiet. I lay still. My mind was racing. My skin felt hot and my crotch was already feeling damp with excitement. But what do I say?

"Um...that porn made me a bit horny," I muttered. It was a lie. The porn was sort of boring, but it was a good way to shift the conversation.

Tiffany shifted next to me. "Yeah...me too." He voice was very close and I knew she was facing me. "I have sort of been thinking about it all day. Does that mean I am a guy?" She said with a giggle.

I laughed. "I have too and I am pretty sure I am not a guy."

Tiffany took a deep breath. "I am like already wet." Her voice was quiet.

"Me too," I said. I slid my hand over my wet pussy and started to rub my clit. "Mm...yeah already wet."

I heard Tiffany moan slightly. "Mm...what are you thinking about?" She asked suddenly.

My mind froze. Do I say Carl? No she would know it was a lie or think I was pathetic. Best be honest. "I was wondering how you...do it. Like compared to me."

"Here," Tiffany said and I felt her warm hand on my arm. She pulled at it until she held my hand at the wrist. Then she pressed it against her stomach and started to slide it down.

I rolled closer to her and took a deep breath. Her soft skin grazed my hand and then I felt the prick of short or shaved pubic hair. Suddenly my fingers grazed her wet spot. My heart pounded and my mouth went dry. "Um," I swallowed hard. "You are really wet."

"Mm," Tiffany said. "Can you feel my clit?" She asked. She pressed my fingers against the small flesh.

"Yeah," I said in a whisper.

"I do it like this," she muttered back. She began to push my fingers over her clit in a back and forth motion. My wrist slammed against her panties and shorts, so I twisted as best as I could. She moved closer to me and I felt her leg pressed against mine. My hand was damp from her and she began to breathe faster. "I like it like this...and then in a circle.

I moved my fingers on their own. My wrist was cramping, but I didn't care. "Like this?" I asked rubbing it in a small circle with my fore finger and middle finger together.

"Mm," Tiffany said. She opened her legs more. "Hang on," she said grabbing my wrist and pulling my hand out of her shorts. She moved around a lot and then I felt the flesh of her leg against mine. She took my hand and moved it over her naked skin. She had taken her shorts off.

I rolled to my side and rubbed her wet pussy with my whole hand. My middle finger focused on her clit and she grabbed my arm and held it in place with her hands. I felt her moving her hips to my touch so I pushed harder. I shifted my finger to her pussy and pushed it inside. My thumb slid over her lcit.

"Mm...yes," Tiffany said still holding my arm.

I pushed my finger as far in as it would go. My heart was racing and I moved closer to her until my leg was over hers. I worked my finger in her pussy and did my best to keep on her clit with my thumb.

"Oh!" she said a bit louder. She moved a hand from my arm and grabbed my leg that was over hers. Her skin was so warm against mine. She let go of my arm with other hand and soon she found my free arm and moved it under her shirt. Her skin was burning hot and soon my fingers found her hard nipple. I rubbed it and rubbed her pussy at the same time. She moaned and breathed so loudly. I felt her breath on my skin. My own pussy was soaking.

"Like this?" I asked in a whisper as I pinched her nipple.

"Ah!" She responded. "Again...oh shit I am gonna cum."

I pinched her nipple again and kept fingering her. Suddenly I felt her pussy seem to open and her body shook. She moaned loudly and moved her hips in a circle again and again. "Oh my...mm..." She said loudly.

I felt her clit get very hard so I stopped not wanting to hurt her. She took a deep breath. I kept my hand on her nipple and gripped her breast. She clutched my hand over her pussy and held it. 

She took another breath then reached over and I felt her hand on my waist band. Her fingers slid under it and I moved my hands from her body and pulled my shorts and underwear off in one move. She put a hand on my thigh and I lay on my back. She pushed her hand up slowly until she found my soaking pussy.

"You are really wet," she said in a whisper. 

"Yes," I said as she found my clit with her fingers.

She began to rub it gently and I found I opened my legs wider for her to touch me with her whole hand. She lay pressed against me, her warm skin against mine and her leg wrapped over mine with her hand on my pussy. Soon she pushed her finger into me and I moaned at the sensation. Her skin felt so hot and I began to sweat. My hips moved with her touch and each press against my clit sent shivers up my body. I grabbed her hand with both of mine and pushed it against me.

She slid her other hand up my shirt and grabbed my boob. I gasped at her hot hands and squirmed closer as she cupped my breast and then began to pull the nipple. "Oh..." I said loudly.

My body was burning and I moved my hips like crazy. Her breath went over my skin and I heard her saying things in Chinese. I felt my pussy getting so wet and she had two fingers inside of me. Suddenly a wash of warmth came over me and I started to buck my hips against her hand. "I...I am cumming...oh...oh..." I said it over and over again as she gripped my breast and fingered me.

I shook with sweat and shivered with pleasure. I took a deep breath and held her hand against my pussy. I opened my eyes in the dark not realizing they had been closed this whole time. What the hell just happened? I felt a tinge of panic. What would we say to each other tomorrow? 

After a few minutes she moved her hand away and began to breathe steadily. Her face was pressed against my shoulder and I could feel her damp warm breath over my skin.