 Chapter 01: Sarah

Day1 

I'm 26 and married, and Diana is my boss. On Monday I was sitting next to her in her office when she put her hand on my thigh, sliding it up under my skirt. I hadn't had sex with a girl for years, so it was a complete surprise. I didn't know what to do, but without my thinking about it I found that I had opened my legs for her. She gentle caressed the inside of my thigh, she didn't touch my pussy, though I'm sure I would have let her. She kissed me, still with her hand up my skirt, then told me we had better get on with the work. I was in a daze the rest of the day. 

Day4 

After a day or two when nothing else happened I had decided that the whole thing was a spur of the moment thing and that was that. Then she asked me to go for a drink with her that evening. She asked (told) me to wear stockings instead of my usual tights. She took me to a gay club where I felt uncomfortable, especially when she started openly fondling my bottom in front of her mates. When we danced she put her hands on my bottom, under my skirt. I suppose it was Ok because other couples were doing the similar things, but I felt really embarrassed. 

Afterwards she took me back to her apartment, and asked me to undress for her. Again I was very embarrassed and nearly rushed out of the door, but by then my pussy was ruling my head, so I guess desire made me stay. 

She was a very good lover, she had me gasping when she buried her face between my legs. When I had had all I thought I could take, she produced a strap-on and fucked me doggy style till I came screaming. Although she came whilst doing this, she wouldn't let me between her legs, and obviously didn't like it when I touched her breasts. Her pleasure seems to be in dominating me and making me wild with desire. While she was using the strap-on she put a wet finger in my ass hole, which made me feel humiliated and abused, but also increased my desire. She told me that next time she would be putting the thing in my ass. 

I didn't know how to handle that. My husband never does that, in fact nobody ever had. But I don't know how to say no to her, and actually don't know if I want to say no.

Day8 

A week had gone by, and Diana has ignored me. I was getting desperate. I'm normally fairly conservative in how I dress, but I began going to work in stockings under my shortest skirts, and my usual modest blouses were exchanged for low cut tops.

I let her know that I would be staying late to finish the file I was working on. I took the file into her office to ask her about it, then dropped it as I was leaving. I gave her the back view as I bent down to pick it up, keeping my legs straight. She must have been able to see all my bare legs above my stockings, and my pink panties. Before straightening up I turned and smiled at her. She raised an eyebrow, that's all -- but she did work late herself, and when everyone else had left she called me into her office.

She locked the door behind me and immediately took me in her arms and kissed me deeply. Within no time she had her hands under my skirt and slid down my panties. I stepped out of them and she picked them up and put them in her purse. Still kissing me she started rubbing my pussy, I was very wet already, but then she put one hand behind me and slid her finger into my ass. Wow, total violation, total humiliation, but I didn't care I didn't want her to stop. She finger fucked my ass, holding my pussy with the other hand, till I came.

When I had calmed down she said we'd go to her place and she'd do supper. In the taxi she put her arm round me and started kissing me. I loved it, but realised that the driver was watching us in his mirror and I got very flustered. However I soon forgot him when she slid her hand under my skirt again (remember I had lost my panties). This time she went straight to my pussy. I should have kept my knees together, but no chance, they parted without any decision from me. She had me cumming as we turned into her road, and I was still shaking when I had to get out of the taxi and stand up.

She made a pasta and opened a cold white wine. We ate in the kitchen, on stools, and talked about work, Afterwards she suggested we take our drinks through. "Through" of course meant into the bedroom. She closed the door and stood looking at me, raised her eyebrow and half smiled. I knew what she was asking, so I got undressed without a word. I did it slowly folding my clothes carefully, starting with the stockings, then I lifted up my skirt to remove the garter belt, remembering too late that I had lost my panties. Ah well! I took my top off slowly, then undid the bra, lowering it slowly because my breasts are really too saggy. 

Finally I dropped my skirt, turning my back on her to pick it up, then blushing as I realised what I had shown her. I stood with hands at my sides looking at her looking at me. She didn't say anything but after she had studied me for an age (more blushes from me) she spread her hands, I spread my legs. She must have seen my arousal, because my pussy and inside the tops of my thighs felt soaking wet. It was a relief when she indicated a twirl, so I turned round to give her the back view. I looked round at her and tried to smile. After she had studied me she came up behind me, put her arms round me and her hands onto my breasts. She caressed them quiet hard, and teasing my nipples till they felt huge, kissing me again till I was breathless.

She undressed quickly and matter of factly, but kept her bra on. A pity, because her breasts look as if they might be nice to play with, but so far I'd never seen them. Although I was expecting it, I felt myself go pale as she went to the bedside drawer and got the strap-on thing out. I watched her step into it and do the belt up. She stood looking at me, with the thing poking out so aggressively. I stared at it, then realised that I had to do something, or give in to my fears. I walked up to her and kissed her (its usually her kissing me) and put my hand on it, working it up and down. I reached down for the balls, then realised of course there aren't any (felt silly) After working it for a bit, I realised that it was exciting Diana, obviously it was rubbing on her clit. She pushed me down and I dropped to my knees, deepthroating it as much as I could. It was bigger and fatter than my husband, but not that much, I decided.

Against the wall she has a big chest of drawers, she looked at it and then at me. With fast beating heart and a feeling of dread, but also anticipation I slowly walked to the chest, and bent over it. I grabbed hold of the back edge of the top and spread my legs. I could just see her in the mirror, and she stood looking at me spread waiting for her for ages, leaving me in despair.

Finally she approached me, and started rubbing the thing, first against my soaking pussy, then between the cheeks of my ass. 

"Where do you want it?" she asked. Panic! 

Where did I want it? I knew where she wanted to put it, but I didn't want to ask. "Please," I prayed, "Don't make me ask."

"Anywhere" I stammered, "Put it anywhere you want."

"I asked, Where do you want it? Do you want it in your cunt or your ass?" Very angry, icy cold!

"Oh please, in my ass, in my ass," and in a small voice "And please be gentle" 

She had a bottle of lube amongst her make-up (how much had she planned this?) and she put lots on, then eased the tip into me. It hurt, really hurt. I cried out as she eased it into me deeper and deeper. I felt a sudden urge to shit, and cried against it. Then it was deep inside me and I felt my muscles relax allowing her to move deeply, completely into me. I heard myself groaning. She asked if it felt good, 

"Yes" I replied between the groans, and it did, it really did!

Without conscious thought I found myself moving to meet her thrusts. I felt totally violated, humiliated but hugely and darkly excited. I wanted her inside me totally. I stopped groaning and felt my excitement mounting. She reached in front of me and touched my clit. I felt myself cumming. As I started to cum she began spanking my bottom with her other hand. Hard, each one stung, and echoed loudly round the room. It was the most fantastic orgasm I have ever had!!

She pulled out of me gently and I felt my ass close tight. She helped me from the tabletop and led me onto the bed. She lay down beside me and held me tight. I began to cry, I don't know why, I wasn't hurting, just emotionally drained I guess. 

I slept for a while in her arms feeling tender and loved, before she gently woke me up and told me it was time to go home. I dressed without a word while she called me a cab, leaving without my panties (I didn't like to ask for them back).

When I got home I was amazed that it was only just past midnight. So much seemed to have happened.

I dropped my clothes on the floor and fell into bed. Thank goodness for the alarm clock!

Day9 

The following Day I was just finishing for the day when she called me in to her office again, We sat side by side on her couch and, very matter of factly, she put her arm round me and kissed me deeply. Of course I spread my legs for her. She didn't take off my panties, just worked round them and onto my wet excited pussy. I remembered with a jolt how it felt when she masturbated me, already I am familiar with her gorgeous touch, very gentle then a squeeze on my clit, Then more insistent. I hoped she was going to go down on me like the first time, but she didn't. I guess that was an introductory offer (new customers only) .

I felt her fingers inside me, until she was finger-fucking me and working her thumb on my clit. Meanwhile her other hand worked my breast. Harder now, squeezing it and pinching my nipple. I give myself away when I'm about to come, throaty noises, gasping etc, and as I got near, she stopped. Her fingers stilled in my pussy (though I was very aware of them still in there) her thumb left my clit, and her other hand stilled, just holding my breast. 

When I calmed, she began again, but again wouldn't let me cum. I don't know how many times she did this, but I was reduced to saying 

"Please Diana, let me cum, please, please." She teased me for a bit, saying things like "Oh, does my baby wants to cum does she?" and with me begging for it.

She consented after what seemed an age, and at last as an orgasm ripped through me, she squeezed my nipple harder and harder till I was crying out for her to stop, and crying out for more, all at the same time. Afterwards she held me gently while I calmed myself, kissing and suckling the nipples she had hurt so much. 

I didn't know what to do with my panties. I was still wearing them, but the crutch was soaked. She said that it was a pity I was wearing them, they had got in the way, and were now too wet to go home in anyway. She told me not to wear panties to work. With the short skirts I had started wearing it didn't seem a good idea! 

When I got home I was hoping my breast wasn't bruised! I had a quick look in the bathroom as soon as I got home and was horrified how red it was, all round the nipple, but then I realised it was mostly Diana's lipstick.

Day10 

I Dressed in a short skirt (but not my shortest!) and briefest black panties. When I got in I make straight for the washroom, took the panties off, then panicked and put them back on again.

Later, in Diana's office it was hard to keep crossing my legs and flashing my stocking tops without showing my (illegal?) knickers. It obviously frustrated her, because, as I got up to go she said my name, when I looked at her she gestured, obviously asking me to raise my skirt. 

I'm sure I went as pale as death. Of course I understood. What could I do? I shook my head, In that moment she looked very angry, lent forward and lifted my skirt. For a fleeting moment I hoped that my stocking tops and the oh so sexy tiny lace panties would melt her, but I should have know better. She half turned me, then, still holding my skirt up with one hand, Delivered a vicious smack to my bare thigh. It was so hard, so loud and so unexpected that I cried out. I felt my eyes water with shock and humiliation. Diana turned her back on me, I fled.

Now what?? Straight to the wash room, where I dried my eyes and calmed myself. Then panties off and into my purse. I was puzzled and embarrassed about the dampness on them. There had been nothing sexual, why was I getting wet? Anyway, straight back to her office, knocked on the door. 

A curt "Yes?" from her. I walked in. She still had a face like thunder. I didn't say anything, but stood in front of her, legs apart and lift up my skirt. She gazed at my damp pussy, smiled, then leant forward and pushed her face into. Her hand followed, round the back seeking out my ass. 

It was lovely. Licking and sucking my clit and fingering my ass, what more could a girl ask for, and in company time too! She told me not to cum, and I tried and tried, but her probing finger and her busy mouth soon had me shuddering and gasping. 

Afterwards I went back to my desk in a dream. As I sat down I saw an angry red bruise forming on my thigh, I didn't care. 

Day15 

Since that lovely sex in Diana's office she ignored me for several days. Despite my efforts at flashing my legs (and possibly occasional glimpses of my bare pussy) in her direction she has been purely businesslike the past two days. I was getting more and more desperate. I had thought that, after the last time, and my capitulation over the panties, things might happen more regularly. But what I have learnt about Diana is to never assume anything.

When I got home my husband was already home and in the bath. He was going out to football later. I quickly peeled off my clothes and jumped in the bath with him, but we hadn't time for more than a kiss and a cuddle. I had just climbed out myself, and put on loose baggy pants and a sloppy jumper (nothing else) -- ideal for lounging round in, but very unsexy, when I heard him talking on the intercom. I thought it was one of his friends come to pick him up for football., but then I heard a woman's voice at the door.

I went through, and there was Diana, dressed as I've never seen her, also in loose baggy pants and a jumper, and clutching her briefcase in front of her. She gave my husband a peck on the cheek and explained that she was sorry to disturb me at home, but the case I had been working on needed to be finalised tonight. I didn't know what she was talking about, there was nothing I could think of that was urgent. She stepped up to me, now with the briefcase down by her side, and gave me a peck on the cheek, and pushed herself against me as she did so. I nearly jumped back in horror and surprise as I felt her cock hard against my stomach -- she was wearing her strap-on!! I don't know if I went pale, or bright red, but I suspect both at the same time, and felt weak at the knees. My husband said he had to dash, and to be sure to offer Diana a drink.

She said she'd love a glass of wine, and going to get it allowed me to calm myself and summons up my resources. My thoughts were how unsexy I looked, and I had no makeup on. She looked at me and smiled, raising her eyebrow. "What?" I stammered. She said nothing, but continued to stare at me with the eyebrow raised. I knew of course what she was asking, no, telling me to do, but this was our home, I had never been naked here except for my husband. I shook my head and started to stammer, she just looked at me, and, of course, I gave in. She led me to our dining table and I obediently stretched out across it, legs spread. 

"Good girl" she said, and began to caress my ass, and down between my legs. I could feel myself getting very wet. She produced a bottle of lubricant and applied it to my ass hole, pushing a greased finger in as far as she could, and stroked between my legs, exciting my clit and getting me even wetter. She began to smack me, short, sharp smacks, pausing a second between each. 

"What am I doing?" I thought, letting a fully clothed woman spank my bottom, but I found I was lifting my buttocks to receive each smack.

"Now arch your back more. Come on, lift your ass up for me."

Another series of smacks, this time very hard, so that I cried out with each one. I began to weep, not from the pain, but from shame and humiliation.

When the spanking stopped, I looked round behind me to see her undoing her trousers and taking out the thing. She stood behind me, holding me round the hips, pulling me gently towards her, and began to ease it into my ass.

It felt enormous inside me, it filled me totally, and violated me completely, and felt fantastic. She fucked me for a long time, getting faster and faster and harder and harder. She told me when to cum by touching and pinching my clit. She pulled out of me gently, turned me round and kissed me, wiped tears from my eyes with her fingers.

We sat on the couch and she held me tightly, comforting me, while we finished the wine, me still naked, her still dressed and with the strap-on still poking out of her trousers.

She said she had to go. She kissed me long and deeply, and left. I went through to the bedroom and examined my bottom in the mirror. As I feared it was red where she had spanked me. I decided that I didn't mind, in fact felt rather proud of it, especially as my husband would be too tired to notice tonight. 

Day18 

Diana stopped by my desk just long enough to tell me that she was going to the club with friends, would I come too? Of course I said yes.

In the club I was wearing my usual, skirt, stockings, no panties of course, and when we danced Diana had her hands behind me, under my skirt, and the way she was pushing my skirt up, I guess I was showing my bare bottom to her friends, and anyone else looking in that direction..

When we sat down her hand was back up my skirt and onto my pussy. One of the other women, Laurie, asked Diana if she could dance with me. I was horrified, this woman Laurie is really butch, baggy clothes, cropped hair, tattooed arms and rough looking hands. In my youthful encounters with girls, I never went for the butch type, always found them rather frightening, and I still do! Also I was upset that she asked Diana, not me. I'm not Diana's property, am I?

Anyway, Diana immediately took her hand off my pussy and said of course. I looked at her in despair, but she just smiled back and told me to go and dance with her friend. 

Laurie pulled me against her, and I could feel a strapon pushing against me. What to do? I was struggling in her arms, trying to keep away from it, but then thought, if Diana wants me to do this, I'll try to make her jealous. Also, in my heart of hearts, I must admit that strap-ons are an absolute turn on for me.

So I pushed up against it, manoeuvring myself so it was against my pussy, and I guess masturbating myself against it as much as dancing. Her hands were all over my bare ass, but I didn't care! And when she kissed me, I kissed her back, opening my mouth for her insistent tongue. 

I would have had an orgasm right there on the dance floor if we had carried on much longer. Anyway Laurie led me back to the table and pulled me down next to her. I looked at D in despair, but she just smiled. This time it was Laurie's fat fingers on my pussy. There I was, skirt up, knees widely spread, with her hand working on me and with my hand masturbating Laurie's strapon through her trousers. Her insistent fingers, her mouth on mine and the feel of her strapon in my hand, soon finished what the dance started and I came gasping. 

Even then Laurie wouldn't let me go back to Diana, but kept me with her. She abandoned my wet cunt, and turned her attention to my breasts, which she soon had out and in her hands. I guess having had my orgasm my lust was slated and I was able to fight back. I pushed her away, grabbed my purse, stood up and ran, pulling my top up as best I could, saying I needed the washroom. I ran straight out the door, and found a cab to take me home.
