 Chapter 2: Laurie

After the episode at the Club with Laurie, Diana and I carried on as before, though I do think she was watching me closely. I would see Laurie regularly at the Club but I was always with Diana and Laurie never got near to me. If she caught my eye she'd lick her lips and mouth kisses at me. She did fascinate me so I was often looking in her direction. Yes, I did smile at her and mouth a kiss back when I thought Diana wasn't looking.

I couldn't bring myself to throw Laurie's phone number away. I kept it in my desk at work and would get it out and look at it but never rang her. That is until I fell out with Diana.

My husband was home every weekend and I really looked forward to his visits. The weekends were for love and togetherness without any tensions.

During the week I never knew where I was with Diana. I had to work hard to keep her attention, dressing provocatively and flashing her whenever I got the chance.

She enjoyed dominating me and humiliating me. Although she never really hurt me hard she would often would want to whip me when we went to her flat. First I'd be told to strip then made to stand with my hands behind my head, sometimes for ages, before she'd approach me. The whip wasn't cruel, just stung a bit. That is except when it caught my breasts or, worst, my poor pussy. That had me hopping around and trying desperately not to move my hands from behind my head. If I didn't keep my hands still the blow was repeated. 

She also liked to embarrass and humiliate me. The weekly trips with her to the women's only club gave her lots of opportunity. 

If I didn't go along with her she would punish me afterwards, usually by denying me sex, or at least an orgasm. She was really skilled at bringing me to the brink and then stopping. If I tried to bring myself off I would get slapped or spanked. 

If I had any red marks she would take great pleasure in making me show them off to her friends. I'd tried to avoid Laurie's eyes, I really didn't care about Diana's other friends but hated being humiliated in front of Laurie. If I caught her eye I could see that the marks from my whippings excited her enormously.

Life began to change when Lucy joined the office staff. Lucy was a 20ish leggy blonde. A sweet girl who everybody liked from the beginning. Especially Diana!

At first Lucy came to work in tight trousers, she looked great in them, but then she took to wearing short skirts instead. She spent a lot of time in Diana's office and when she came out she often looked flushed. I soon realised that I had got a rival and when I asked Diana she admitted it. 

She pointed out that I spent each weekend in bed with my husband. She shares me so I must share her. 

She casually mentioned that that Saturday there was to be a party at the Club, would I go with her or should she ask Lucy? 

What could I do? I couldn't, just couldn't go off with Diana when Mike was home. I felt wretched and cried in Diana's office, begging her not to ask Lucy but she refused.

On Friday I'm usually excited because Mike will be coming home but this Friday I was upset about not going to the party, worse, Diana would be taking Lucy. It got much worse when Mike rang me. His job had gone horribly wrong and he was going to have to stay over and fix it. 

I rushed into Diana's office but of course I was too late. She had already asked Lucy.

I begged her to take me instead, even had tears in her office but she wouldn't change her mind.

I think, just to get me out of her office, she told me Laurie would be there and that Laurie kept pestering her asking for my phone number.

If I really wanted to go to the party I could ring Laurie. I'm certain she never thought I would do it. She remembered how I had run away crying when Laurie had groped me so openly and so roughly that time at the Club. But Diana didn't really know about my stubborn streak and how wretched I felt about being left out. Nor did she know about the dark fascination Laurie held for me.

I didn't want to tell her I already knew Laurie's number so I made her write it down for me.

"Don't ring her Sarah, trust me, she won't be good for you. I'm sorry dearest Sarah that this has happened but please don't go with Laurie."

But I was so worked up her gentle words couldn't stop me. I grabbed Laurie's number and stormed out of her office.

I didn't give myself time to think, just picked up my phone and dialled Laurie's number. 

As I was waiting for her to answer I looked round, Diana was standing in the door of her office watching me. 

I turned my back on her as Laurie answered. Laurie was thrilled to hear from me and we arranged to meet at the Club. 

On the phone I thought Laurie sounded, well, predatory is the closest I can say, it was too late to back out now but I did wonder what I had got myself into.

As I hung up the phone I looked back at Diana, she was still watching me. She looked sort of sad. When she saw me looking, she slowly went back into her office, closing the door behind her.

I was nervous going into the Club on my own and arrived late. Laurie was watching out for me and rushed over, greeting me with a huge bear hug. 

Diana and Lucy were there as well, sitting close together, kissing. I could see Diana's hand was up Lucy's skirt, gently caressing her. When they stopped kissing Lucy looked flushed and embarrassed. I'm sure she wanted Diana to stop feeling her up so publically but didn't know how to make her.

Laurie of course took all sorts of liberties with me and I went along with it all, hoping to make Diana jealous. 

When Laurie discovered that I was wearing panties she made me take them off in front of everyone and give them to her. She embarrassed me more by puttingb them to her nose and sniffing them before putting them in her handbag.

After the humiliation of the panties any resistance I might have had had faded. Laurie's probing hand finally made me cum in full view of everybody.

Diana and Lucy went home but six of us went back to Laurie's flat. At that time I really didn't know much about dommes and subs but the other two couples were into it. 

Two of the girls wore chokers round their necks and they were the subs. One, Melissa (Missy) was a cheerful pretty girl whose behaviour didn't mark her out as a sub. She laughed and joked with us all. 

The other girl, a stunning redhead with a fabulous curvy body did. She didn't join in the conversation much, keeping her eyes lowered. Laurie called her the Zombie and her mistress called her "Slut" so I didn't know her real name.

Missy's Domme was Miss Amanda. I thought she was joking when she was introduced like that that but no, that's what she I had to call her, though Laurie just calls her Mandy.

The Zombie's lover has to be called Lady Christine!! I struggled to say that without giggling.

Back at Laurie's flat the three subs (that included me) were told to strip. Missy went first and she did it really well. Slowly, sexily, with confidence and pleasure. She enjoyed showing herself off.

The Slut didn't raise her eyes, just took off her clothes as quickly as possible. She had the red hair and very pale skin of real Irish girls.

When she took her bra off I saw that her breasts were heavy and gorgeous with large bright red areola that had been coloured with make-up. But what made me gasp was that I could see that her lovely breasts had been freshly whipped. They were covered in a zig-zag of bright red lines. Around the areola was a ring of red/purple bruises, though these didn't look so fresh.

Her thighs and ass had red lines too, these marks too looked older.

It sounds weird but the many red marks made her look even more naked.

She was obviously ashamed of the whip marks and tried to cover her breasts with her hands. A harsh "Hey No" from her mistress had her quickly move them away and stand up straight, legs apart, displaying herself. Her face was bright red with humiliation and shame.

To take the unwanted attention from the poor girl I stepped up and took my clothes off. I would have rather just gone home. 

I tried to undress sexily but Christine laughed when I dropped my skirt and nearly fell over with it tangled round my ankles.

Christine said I would have to be shaved but Laurie didn't seem to agree, thank goodness.

The three of us had to go down on the Mistresses. I did Christine. 

I tried to be sexy and tease her with gentle licks first but it wasn't what she wanted. She slapped me hard and said

"Get your face in there Whore!"

Amanda and Missy left later but the other two stayed the night, the four of us sharing Laurie's huge bed.

There was lots of groping and fucking before we went to sleep. Laurie and Christine were busy rubbing their pussies together and I got on top of "The Slut" in the 69 position. 

We were really getting into it when Christine grabbed me roughly and pulled me off, slapping me hard.

"What do you think you are doing you Whore? Don't you know the Slut's not allowed to cum?"

Well no, I didn't. I felt desperately sorry for the Slut but she accepted it as the normal and obediently buried her head in my pussy when Christine told her to. Afterwards I pulled her to me and cuddled and kissed her, tasting my cum on her mouth.

I found it hard to get to sleep because Christine insisted on working two fingers inside me and leaving them there. 

Christine and Laurie were asleep when I heard faint noises from the Slut. Her quick breathing and faint gasps told me she was masturbating. I was so pleased that at last she could cum.

Next morning both our mistresses were still asleep, having fucked each other again, and the Slut and I were having coffee in the kitchen.

I said I didn't want to call her "Slut". What was her name?

Shyly she told me it's Anne but please don't call her that in front of Lady Christine. 

I told Anne that I had heard her last night. She instantly knew what I meant. She went as white as a sheet and dropped to her knees.

"Please please Sarah, don't tell Lady Christine, she'll punish me terribly. I'm only ever allowed to masturbate after she has punished me"

I promised not to tell, pulled her to her feet and kissed and cuddled her. It seems that nobody ever shows her affection. I asked could we be friends and she seemed pathetically grateful.

I asked about her marks, how long did they last? "Not long enough" she said with a resigned smile. As soon as they have faded Mistress whips me again. She says that I must always be marked." 

She explained that the angry bruises round her breasts were made with clothes pins. Again they were redone as soon as they fade but Anne told me that they lasted longer. "Thank goodness" she said. "Having those on my breasts are the most painful thing ever. I have to be gagged because I can't stop screaming all the time they are on me."

We continued kissing which was getting more and more passionate.

From kissing her I dropped to my knees and buried my face in her pussy, not coming out until she had had a tremendous orgasms with her fist stuffed in her mouth to keep herself quiet.

Now it was her turn to taste herself as we kissed passionately before she in turn knelt down and did me.

It was at that moment that Christine came into the kitchen. She glance at us and said she was pleased that I was using the Slut for the only thing she was good at. I just thanked God she hadn't come in earlier when Anne was cumming hard into my face.

We had breakfast and shortly afterwards Anne and Christine left, though not before I had had a chance to give Anne a page out of my diary with my phone number hastily scribbled on it. I said "Phone me." She said she would and quickly stuffed the note into her coat pocket.

I said I ought to go too but Laurie asked me to stay. She said that because of the others being there we hadn't had a chance to really get to know each other.

Of course the best place to get to know each other is in bed. I went down on Laurie and she used her strap-on in me. 

Afterwards we lay together, Laurie holding and fondling my breasts while we talked.

She asked me if I knew why Missy and the Slut wore chokers round their necks? I had guessed that it was a sign of their submission to their mistress. 

"Yes Sarah, that's right, they are subs, sex slaves for their mistress. Sarah, I want you to be my sub, are you willing to do that?"

I told her I didn't know. I told her I wanted to be her girlfriend.

"I don't want a girlfriend Sarah."

I asked her what it would mean if I became her sub.

"When you are with me you will always obey me. You can set limits but you can't refuse to do anything I ask within those limits."

She told me that she would slowly train me to be a full submissive.

Nervously I said "I'd like to know if I'll be whipped."

"Yes" she said. "From time to time you will be whipped."

"Please Laurie, not that. I can't handle that. And I just can't have whip marks on me when Mike comes home."

"Sarah. I promise to go very slowly and not hurt you more than you can handle. And you won't go to your husband's bed with marks showing."

"Oh why do you want to whip me? I'll do whatever you ask."

"Whipping you Sarah will give me great pleasure. And you will learn that it gives you pleasure too. Pain and pleasure are closely linked. You know how hard you cum after Diana has whipped you? Well that's the pain and pleasure link. We will go really slowly but gradually you will associate pain with sex. Soon you will want me to whip you because you won't be able to have an orgasm without having pain as well. Diana knew this. Didn't she spank you when you are coming?"

I had never really thought about it but yes, she did, Diana was training me to associate pain with pleasure. 

Laurie said she would always explain the reason for everything as we went along. I'll always understand why I have to do something or endure something.

She talked more about what being her sub would involve. I would wear a choker when we went out together. In fact it would please her if I wear for work.

She said that only people in the lifestyle will understand what it means but I realised straight away that Diana would know. Wearing it to work would be telling Diana that I really did belong to Laurie.

Later on, if I decide I want to be totally hers she'll give me a leather collar but we'd talk about that later.

As her sub I must always call her Mistress Laurie or just Mistress, and I must always use the proper name for all her friends.

She said having me as her sub would make her really proud of me and she would want to show me off to her friends.

"What do you mean Laurie?"

Her hand tightened on my breast and squeezed until I was gasping.

"What did you call me?" She said.

I suddenly realised what I'd done.

"Mistress, I'm sorry. What do you mean Mistress Laurie?" 

She stopped squeezing me and carried on the conversation as if nothing had happened. I had learnt my first lesson.

"I will expect you to display yourself when I tell you to, show them your breasts or pussy or ass, whatever I want them to see."

"Just show them?"

"No, not just show them. My friends will always be free to play with your breasts and ass but they won't try to touch your pussy unless I give them permission.

And from time to time I'll want you to have sex with them. You will have sex with whoever I tell you to."

We discussed that at length, and eventually agreed that I'd have sex with anyone Mistress Laurie chose but I could use a safe word if I really didn't want to do it. However she did imply that if I used it to refuse sex to one of her friends I'd be ending our relationship.

I asked if there would be men involved and she sort of avoided the question, just said not usually. 

I asked if any of these would want to hurt me. 

"Sometimes" she said, "but I'll make sure they know your limits and will respect your safe word."

That led onto safe words and we agreed one there and then. 

She told me that as my Domme (the first time she'd called herself that) she would never eat my pussy but "Don't worry Sarah, you'll get plenty of sex."

She would use her strap-on or masturbate me. Mostly she'd tell me to masturbate myself, either with one of her toys or my fingers.

I didn't say anything but thought that I certainly wouldn't do that. I had never masturbated in front of another person and knew that I would never want to.

She told me that as her sub I must never again wear panties when I'm with her or her friends.

And she told me to make up my breasts. My areola are too pale, she wants them redder. She suggests I do it every day to get used to it.

All this time she was fondling my breasts and she said she was going to really enjoy hurting those gorgeous titties. She said "Let's start now".

She got up and came back with a little box. "There you are Sarah, your first present."

It was nipple clamps, on a silver chain.

She asked me if I'd ever used nipple clamps and I told her I had worn them for Diana but Diana had only ever put them on really loosely. 

She said OK then, we'd start gently. She went to work on my nipple with her mouth, sucking and nibbling it which felt fantastic and made the nipple swell, ready for the clamp. 

She positioned the clip over my nipple and when she released the jaws I felt a shock course through me. It seems to start at my breast then quickly engulf all of me down to my pussy which I felt contract.

I was ready for the next one but even so it sent another jolt through me.

I told her "Please Mistress, they are too hard, I can't stand it."

She said that the pain would ease off in a moment but she did loosen them a bit.

She said I had to keep them on for ten minutes and to do this every day. 

I would have agreed to anything if it meant pleasing her and getting those beastly things off my poor breasts.

Indeed after a few moments the red hot pain dulled to a heavy ache but I was soon to discover that the pain came back fully as they were removed and the blood rushed back. 

Before she would take them off she moved to sit on the end of the bed and told me to do her again. I pushing my face as far as I could into her pussy. I licked and sucked as much as I could. There is nothing like having clamps on my breast to make me into a wild whore who will do anything in the hope of having them removed.

She asked me if I'd like to cum before I went home and of course I said yes. She beckoned me back onto the bed, had me lay with my head in her lap while she fondled my breasts and told me to do myself.

When she asked if I wanted to cum I'd immediately though of her strap-on or one of her toys. It didn't take long for my resolve not to masturbate in front of her disappeared. I was feeling so emotional and, I admitted to myself, so aroused by the pain in my breasts that I didn't for one moment consider saying no. 

As my fingers started their dance Laurie talked to me about how she was going to hurt me and share me with her friends. She was going to make me her pain loving slut whore.

This last bit has me cumming hard.

Afterwards I had to endure the pain of having the clips removed before she told me to get dressed. She gave me my knickers back though warned me not to put them on until at least I was out of her flat. 

She did tell me to wear them for work. Sometime Diana must have told her that I didn't wear panties to work. Now wearing them would send a clear signal to Diana that I'm off limits.

Back at work the next morning I got a call from Anne, the Slut. Could we meet after work? Lady Christine had gone to see her parents and wouldn't be back until Wednesday.

We met in a bar and talked. She told me a lot about her life as Christine's sub. I said it upset me that Christine calls her the Slut.
