 The first day in the new location, new for me that is .I had been asked to transfer to get the branch office back on its feet, it was on the verge of being closed but I went over the books and thought it could be a viable operation again.

I could feel the eyes of the girls as I walked to my office, would they resent me or look to me as the person who could save their jobs. The young lady closest to the door was a real beauty, I sensed her eyes following me every time I walked past her. I finally introduced myself, 

"Hi I'm Laura and I know you are Mona, the head bookkeeper, you and I will be working together quite a bit as I need to see a lot of the figures from the years sales. She was nervous, taking my hand, it trembled a little and was a bit sweaty.

"Hi" she managed to get out, a gulp then "I'm looking forward to it." Her nipples stuck out so far you could have used them to hang clothes.

Later in the day I stood behind her, resting my hand on her shoulder, She actually shuddered and those nipples pointed through her thin blouse. I massaged her shoulders some as she almost moaned letting out a loud sigh. I had her figured out. She was begging to be made love to and I was just the gal to it.

"It's 5, quitting time lets you and I go for a drink, there's a nice bar in the hotel I'm staying at."

She nodded her agreement. I made sure to put my hand on her ass as though to help her through the doors, giving it a little rub. We had a couple of drinks she loosened up, and she made no protest when I caressed her thigh and agreed readily when I suggested we go to my room.

Wow I couldn't help but think , she oozed sex. In the room I rubbed her shoulders again, always a good way to break the ice, even though there wasn't a lot of ice to break. 

She gave a sigh of pleasure. I dropped a hand to her breast, cupping it the nipple straight out.

She had amazing nipples. I had never seen them so large. I undid some buttons on her blouse, reaching under it to unhook her bra, sliding the other hand under it now caressing her bare breast. 

"You like this" I whispered. Her moan told me all I needed to know as I undid the rest of her buttons, pushing her blouse down her arms followed by her bra. My hands roamed over her , she was such a beauty, kissing her neck, she turned, my kisses where now at her lips, my tongue pressing into her mouth. I felt her hands cupping my tits as I undid her skirt letting it fall, them her hose and panties followed. Let's take you to the bedroom. I led her stroking her as we went.

Mona cupped my breast.......also unzipped my dress. It fell to the ground.....She undid my bra......took my nipple...pinched it.

Then Mona lowered her head and kissed my other nipple.....Her teeth bit into it. It felt so good...so hard.

Both naked we dropped onto the bed, clutching, stroking kissing with wild abandon. I slide on top of her. "Do you want me to fuck you, " I asked, grinding my mound into hers.

"Oh yes......take me." Mona tells me. I grinned to myself this bitch was mine alright. "Tell again how much you want me to fuck you, "

I raised my hips up a bit , she protested don't stop please don't stop . "Tell me then slut." I told her. Mona grab my hand and pulled it to her pussy......

"Touch me.....there...." Mona sighed......kissing my mouth....our tongues touching.

Uumm there is no feeling like having a naked females pressed against each other, the softness of her breasts against mine. Her legs intertwined with mine, her thighs pressed against the side of my face the feel of her wet pussy, don't get me wrong I like to see a naked male with his phallus sticking out or flaccid for that matter but nothing beats a female. I grind my mound into hers kissing her on the mouth lightly biting her lips pushing my tongue in. She is moaning more, wrapping her legs around me kissing me in return, her hands rubbing up and down back urging me on. I raise up, "nnoooo don't stop , " I murmur "Baby. I'm going to make you fly. I manage to work my way up her legs, move to her breasts, licking the nipples, sucking them at first softly then harder as she arches her back , gasping "yes I love that."

Closing my lips on it sucking hard, moving down her body, licking her perfectly rounded belly then to her seat of pleasure, I love the trimmed v of her pubic hair teasing it, my tongue finding her pussy, licking the full length of it moving to her protruding clit taking it in between my lips rubbing my tongue over sucking it my fingers part her sliding into her sopping wet cunt followed by my tongue as I caress her clit with my thumb.

I move around so you can reach my pussy, your tongue sends a shiver thru me as I move one leg to give you better access to my cunt oh yeah tongue fuck me, I feel the tip of your thumb press against my ass hole. Mona's thumb almost sends me over the top , my face in between those thighs , lapping at her pussy, gently biting her clit then going down her slit to her asshole , teasing it with my tongue then going back up I love the feel of soft thighs trapping my face between them , reaching up , getting a nipple between my thumb and forefinger pinching. By her moans I know she likes it , pinching harder and harder as she approaches orgasm.

"Yes yes harder please harder, oh fuck make it hurt." My pain slut begs and I comply now pinching and twisting the sensitive nipple , shoving my tongue into her sopping wet hole playing with her clit with my other hand , she is so into it she stops trying to please me and is lost in her desire to cum.

I manage to get her nipple twisted around I'm surprised she isn't screaming in pain but her ecstasy in orgasm over rides the feeling of pain .she shouts out as she goes over the top , her Juices almost drowning me .I let up on her nipple and gently kiss her clit as I straighten out , now lying face to face kissing her mouth , she licks the cum from my lips , making little mewing sounds of satisfaction.

"But I didn't make you cum." I smile at her at her, "it's ok I'm happy I could make you cum, " then thinking oh you will baby you will but on my terms, ones that you're not going to like , well at least I didn't think she would like it but one never knows. When I get her to admit that she's my bitch and that I own her ass then she'll have lots of opportunity to make me cum.

I give her nipple a twist. This time she gives a little shreak, saying "that hurts ." 

"Umm I thought you wanted to make me happy, " I tell her.

"Well yes I do , Mona replies.

"Then take a little pain for me darling." the darling did it. "ok" she agrees "but please not to much."

"Well too much is all relevant isn't it?" as I tighten my grip. She winces but agrees. "You do want to make me happy don't you."

"Yes yes I'll do whatever pleases you, " Mona pleads. 

"That's better" I reply now giving her a terrible hard pinch.

"ouch!! ooooooooooowwwwwwwww!!" I pinch her nipples....giving them an awful twist..... Mona nods a little.....telling me she likes the pain......

"god!! nnnnnnnnnoooooooooooo!!" Mona cries out.

I'm pleased she takes the nipple pinching , her breathing picks up , she is getting off on the pain and its getting me hotter than hell. It has been a while since I've had a bitch who calls me Mistress and I am thinking this one will be the next one. I take her other nipple and abuse it as well. 

"Do you really want to please me" I ask. She looks a little confused.

"By making me happy you'll agree to become my bitch, do you understand what I'm demanding?" She nods, "yes I think so."

"It means that you in effect will belong to me, doing whatever I demand , if you refuse to do a task or disobey me I will punish you and by punishment I mean corporal punishment and some of the things I want you to do you're not going to like , "

I bent over kissing her using my tongue to part her lips, waiting for her to answer.