 Ever since my first college term had started two months ago, the day had begun the same. A slow delicious tease of a bus journey. A journey which I eagerly anticipated everyday, not just for the ride to college.

I was on the bus for around 15 minute's everyday before it stopped to let on the same two people. An elderly gentleman boarded and always sat behind the driver, and the only other passenger was 'her'

It sounds rude but what else could I refer to 'Her' as? We'd never been introduced, never spoken, nothing. And yet, every morning I eagerly awaited the moment we would arrive at her bus stop and she would hop on. She was one of those girls who just exuded beauty, well, I certainly thought so anyway! She was tall and lean, with beautifully long stretching legs toned from years on the sports field. She always showed them off with a mini skirt, which tantalisingly bobbed up at the hem, as she danced onto the bus. She had long auburn hair to just over her shoulder's that always looked immaculate and newly straightened. Her breasts were tiny and pert, always unhindered by a bra; they poked and jiggled to free themselves of the flimsy material of her 'barely there' tops as she bounded onto the bus. Yes, she always danced onto that bus, always a spring in her step, her face permanently lit up with a beaming smile.

Ah I am sure you can now tell I look at her a lot! Well, it's not difficult, the journey is otherwise very boring, nothing out of the ordinary. Just a plain old bus ride to college. The oldies get off one by one along the route making more room and then the bus journey ends at the entrance to our college campus. I always head off into the main tower building and she always departs to the left and down to one of the annexes.

Every day as clockwork 'she' finds her place next to me on the bus. I don't recall how it started, perhaps one day it was particularly busy, I don't know, all I know is that from that day on she always sat by me. It was her spot! Whether there were other spaces or not she would come and bounce down in the aisle seat alongside me. And I loved it! She never spoke to me, nor I to her. Some how it started that way and then it gets awkward to start I suppose and we just never spoke. But we didn't need to. Early on I sensed a... I don't know... a presence? An overwhelming feeling of magnetism towards her? That's it, I was physically drawn to her body, every fibre of my being desired to be as close as possible to hers. And what was worse... or better, depending on how you were looking, I also sensed that she was feeling the same! I do have a good sense of Gaydar, but this seemed so out of place as I had never even made eye contact, smiled or spoken to this girl. Acute Gaydar or what! Well, I know SHE was cute!

I think it was the third day of her sitting next to me, I felt her thigh brush gently against my own, and not move back! "Why didn't she move her leg back?" I immediately thought, my mind buzzing with feelings I should not have. There was so much room, I am average build and she was tiny, think Paris Hilton! But there it was this slender toned leg pressed right in next to mine, every bump of the road being felt by her delicate bare thigh caressing against mine. Still she didn't move it... and neither did I! 

And so the journey was. Everyday for the last two months. Oh boy was it really getting to me now. After the first week, I stepped up the pace by hiding my jeans at the back of the wardrobe and wearing mini's myself. So bare leg to bare silky smooth leg we went. Each leg wanting the gentle pressure between the two, gliding against each other upon every uneven surface of the road. Both of us staring straight ahead or out of the window, no words spoken, just this exquisite slow dance of our legs on the crowded bus. 

Then yesterday it happened! I had sensed her gaze and looked in her direction to find her passionate eyes already there, burning into me. Our eyes locked and we gazed into each other's souls, both seeing what the other knew was already there. A burning desire to end this slow erotic game once and for all. That was yesterday, last night I thought of nothing else. As I lay in bed my fingers quickly began the journey south to where I was already throbbing from the day's pent up frustration, the frustration 'she' had locked into me on all those painful bus journey's. It only took a few quick brushes of my fingertips, while imagining her eyes once again looking at me, to bring me to a shuddering instant climax.

And so to today. Obviously I was full of anticipation. Should I just say 'Hi' as she sits down, maybe extend my hand for a handshake? No, No, too formal! A wink, hmmm that may do it...

As the bus pulled up at her stop I could already see she was not there! My heart sank. It was the first day in two months that we had not shared the same seat for the half-hour journey to college. That erotically fuelled half hour of sexual tension. I think my head physically sank and I rested my head against the window. "Perhaps she was ill? perhaps she had swapped courses and I would never see her again?", all these things crowded my mind which was spinning with scenarios and accusations. "Why hadn't I acted sooner?" "How could I have been so stupid" I beat myself up with comments and let out a deep sad sigh.

"I'm glad you look disappointed" a low husky voice whispered in my ear.

Oh my god!!! I didn't need to move my head, I knew, I just knew it was 'her'. "Had she been sitting just behind me the whole time?" "Why hadn't I noticed when I got on the bus?" again my head was filling with questions I couldn't answer. But I didn't need to answer, I felt a finger gently trace the contours from the back of my ear slowly down my neck. I shuddered. Her hand was under my hair, caressing my neck, on a crowded bus at 8am! I was in heaven and only two more stops until campus....

I turned around slightly so I could look at her fully and there she was, grinning as she gave me a playful wink!

* Please leave me feedback, as if you like my story I will continue - hey, it gets better at the Campus! 