 Clutching the USB drive tightly in one hand, I barely tapped on the door before barging into the room. 

Rachel and I had been friends for so long that her dorm room was as open to me as my own.

Stepping into the tiny hallway that housed the closet and door to the shared bathroom, the tangy, delicious smell of sex hit me straight on. I began to wonder if perhaps I should have knocked more loudly.

"Rach?" I called out tentatively.

"In here, you can come on in." 

Her voice sounded normal, at least. 

I took the few steps into the tiny main bedroom. 

A pair of bunks along two walls allowed four girls to share the tiny space. Rachel had lucked out by getting the bed with a tiny bit of privacy. Her only other roommate's bed was in full view of the front door! They started out with four girls at the beginning of the year, but one girl got crazy homesick and left. The other got kicked out for being off campus with her boyfriend.

How we ended up at this crazy Christian prison school is a story all its own. We weren't allowed to be alone with anyone of the opposite sex. 

Touching was prohibited. 

No hugging, no kissing.

It got lonely.

A boy I dated had the hookup to a private spot with no cameras and we snuck off there to make out when I was feeling especially needy. He always knew what to do if I was being grouchy or having a bad day. 

I'm a bit of a horny toad I suppose.

TV and movies were also forbidden. Hence the clutching of the USB drive that contained the latest episodes of Grey's Anatomy. Rachel had family nearby and while regular students weren't allowed to use WiFi off campus, she could download the latest episodes any time she went on a permitted family visit. 

I found my friend snug in her nest with a blanket hanging from the top bunk for privacy. She lifted a corner of the coverings to let me in. 

The smell of sex became stronger as I snuggled into her cave and handed back her USB.

She smiled and launched into excited conversation about the episodes.

I was only half listening. My mind was racing with the thoughts of what I had just read in the secret documents, hidden on the same USB that smuggled our TV heroin. Being with another woman was taboo in any circle we were raised in.

If she really enjoyed that type of thing, and obviously she was pleasuring herself only moments before, would she be terribly upset if I were to lean over and just...

My thoughts were interrupted as I realized she had asked me a question. I brought my gaze up from where it had drifted down her spaghetti strap tank top pulled snuggly over her D-cup breasts. Her bra was noticeably absent. 

I wondered if she was wearing anything under her blanket.

"Um, yes, I thought so, too" I replied. She seemed appeased at the answer and went on. 

I had never read fanfic or even knew that sexy, downright dirty writing existed until I clicked on the hidden file labeled Social Studies Essay. The erotic imagery would not leave my mind. Two women from our favorite shows doing things to each other with their hands, their mouths.

I had almost frantically rubbed my clit to orgasm, copied the files to my own encrypted USB and rushed over to confess my snooping, but now I wasn't sure if I should even say anything. 

My eyes drifted down into her beautiful cleavage again. I shifted slightly, pulling at the covers that covered my friends lower body. 

I felt a surge rush straight to my center as my peaking revealed that she was only wearing panties.

"Rachel," I interrupted her, rudely, unable to contain myself. "I need to tell you something. I found a file on your USB. It was called Social Studies?"

Her face flushed a deeper shade of crimson. 

"I was afraid I had left that on there, I was hoping you wouldn't look at it. Are you angry?"

"Angry?" 

Hmm, I thought. Turned on by the words in the fiction as well as the fact that even thinking of such a taboo subject as being with another girl could get us both kicked out and I am feeling incredibly attracted to her, but angry? 

"No way, Rach!"

"Good" she almost sighed in relief. "It's embarrassing."

"Actually," I began, with my heart in my throat. "I thought it was really hot."

Leaning in and tugging the blanket a tiny bit more, the length of my body now rested against hers. I laid my head on her shoulder and took another good look down the swell her beautiful breasts, barely contained in the oatmeal colored cotton of her tank.

I felt her breath catch as she tried to turn and look at me. I reached across with one hand and lightly touched her arm, while angling my head up just enough to place a gentle kiss in the nape of her creamy neck.

Her gasp was enough. My hand went to her breast and hers went to my face, pulling me into her neck as I nibbled and licked.

Her tit was heavy in my hand. Spilling over my fingers as I kneaded it. 

I felt her nipples harden under my touch. 

She pulled my face from her neck and kissed my lips, almost sweetly.

Another surge of lust ripped through me as her tongue found mine. 

I flipped over, laying half on top of her. Both hands full of Rachel's sexy boobs, I broke the kiss and moved downward to lick at her nipples through the cotton. 

Her head fell back as she pulled my head into her chest, begging me to take more. 

I opened my mount wide and took as much of her tit into my mouth as I could. Sucking and teasing each nipple in turn. 

She was beginning to writhe under her covers, kicking them to the end of the bed.

I began the slow, aching descent down. 

Kissing every inch of her adorable stomach. 

Licking, sucking and biting her skin, loving how each fresh sensation brought a new sound from her sexy throat.

I finally reached the top of her heather purple boy shorts, hooked two fingers into the waistband and looked up at her.

She smiled and lifted her hips. 

That was all the encouragement I needed.

I stripped the damp panties down over her ankles, rubbing her legs briefly, kissing the inside of her thighs. 

She sat up against the headboard as I settled myself at the end of the small bunk. On my stomach, with my feet in the air like a child enjoying a book, I closed my eyes and inhaled the delicious scent of my friends sex. 

Her pussy lips glistened, whether from her earlier self-love or from our make out session, I wasn't sure. 

I kissed both sides of her mound and her very center before allowing my tongue to taste her.

I licked from her taint to her clit and felt her hips buck at the overwhelming sensation. 

I did it again, more slowly. 

And again.

The deep moan that evolved from her chest was animalistic. I began to hump my own cunt against the pile of covers we had pushed to the end of the bed. 

My skirt had ridden up to my hips and I hadn't taken the time to find panties after my quickie. 

The friction of the blanket, her blanket, the one she covered herself with every night, felt so naughty against my pussy.

My tongue circled her clit until she was begging for more. 

I replaced my tongue with a thumb and began rubbing her tender spot. 

My mouth traveled farther south to her dripping wet cunt. 

I licked her gently, getting harder with each touch.

She spread her legs wide and lifted her pussy into my face. I sucked and kissed and nibbled greedily at her.

"Oh, I'm gonna cum!" She squealed breathlessly. 

I fucked her with my tongue as she went over the edge into orgasm. As her juices began to flow more freely, I kissed her hole and sucked for all I was worth. 

As her orgasm began to subside, I settled myself with kissing her cunt and the inside of her legs as she recovered.

She reached down and pulled me on top of her. Our bare mounds grinding again each other as we kissed. Our tongues sharing the taste of her delightful cunt.

This was paradise. 

Absolute paradise! 

~~~~~~~~~~

We froze in utter terror as we heard the door to her dorm crash open.