 Note to readers: This event was related to me by Brooke and was asked to write about her sexual adventures. The name and events are true, the locations are changed for discretionary reasons.

Please enjoy her tale. 



I've always believed things happen for a reason. From a time and age, when things like I've done already, most girls haven't even fantasized about yet. I was innocent of everything until I was fourteen, when my step-dad introduced me and my friend to dildos. We didn't have any clue as to what we were doing at first, but he soon had us working those things in and out of ourselves very quickly. My friend, Ali, short for Alice, and I slept over at each other's house at least twice a month and well, after the dildoes, it wasn't long after that, that we started fooling arond with each other. I've been with boys and girls and love them both. My friend Ali is a total lesbian now, but I can get her to share a guy with me when I want to play both sides at once. Now that I'm an adult, law says I am, ever since I turned eighteen, I can tell you the whole story of some of the things that have happened to me. 

I guess I better let you know who I am and what I look like and all that stuff, first, so you know what I'm talking about and know why I like what I do. I grew up in your typical upscale neighborhood and had all the best things in life, I still do. I'm going to a great college, (another affair I'll get Lance to write about later) and I know I don't have to try too hard, because my life is already set up by my parents. I just have to learn enough, so I won't fuck things up down the road, when I take over. Whether my parents approve or not, I am having a party with all my friends when I turn twenty-one. That is less than two years away, so it'll be something else I'll have to share with you. trust me, it'll be something worth writing about.

I'm a black goddess type, I'm 5'4" give or take, I have nice big tits, 38d right now, that I know will only get bigger when I grow older, capped with big, fat nipples, that I have nice, gold bars through them. I'm no light-weight, little, girlie girl, no, I have wide hips and a chubby belly, and a pair of meaty thighs. why do I get lots of play? I've been blessed with really good looks. My eyes are almond shaped and ebony brown. I have full cheeks, that plump up when I smile, and a pair of full, not too thick, lips that I love to use all over a lover's body. My hair is jet black, straightened at the roots and nice full curls, that fall just down to my tits. I have nice white teeth, thanks to thousands in dental work and I have smooth, milk chocolate skin. I think my pubic hair lasted only two years, before I started shaving it off, Dad liked them that way. He was a total perv, I know that now, and I haven't had to do it with him in a while actually, seems I'm too old now. Go figure, I'm nineteen and over the hill. Really glad actually, 

I've never been one who's shy. I never saw the point in it. If you don't try it, or go for it, how are you ever going to learn what it's all about. Hence my strong will and determination. I always liked the attitudes of older, BBW, black women. Queen Latifah, Oprah, you know what I'm talking about. They gave me the power to be like them in pursuing things in my life, but it always went against my sexual desire to be submissive. I like my lover to dominate me and get me to do things that are anything from naughty to outrageous. One thing Ali got me to do once, was put a plug in my ass and keep my little bullet vibe in my pussy, while we went to a club and partied and danced with guys and girls all night. I was cumming all night from the thrill of doing it and Ali kept playing with the controls, which were hidden under my top. By the time the night was over, I had wiped my legs clean three times and embarrassed myself a couple of times, having orgasms while slow dancing.

The affair I'd like to share with you this time, is when I got my nipples pierced. I had just turned eighteen, and Daddy, I always call him that when I want something, wanted me to have my own car, so I'd stop bugging him and Mom from driving me everywhere. I looked on the internet at all the cars I liked and felt I would be comfortable driving, and chose a Honda Accord, two door. It's got all the options and came with a weekend of wild sex, with a very, hot, Latin saleslady, named Marica. My Dad has used the dealership for years to get company cars and I was getting one on the company's dime. I am one of the share-holders after all, so I got to take advantage of a great situation. 

I walked into the dealership, the first Monday after high school finished and looked at the showroom model of the one I liked. I was sitting behind the wheel checking out how it felt and if I liked the interior. I was fiddling with the radio, when a shadow came across the dash. I turned to look and this beautiful Latino woman in her late twenties, early thirties, was standing there smiling down at me.

"You must be Brooke. You're Dad said you'd be coming in soon to look at cars. I'm Marica, I've known your Dad for a few years now. I handle most of his leasing needs. So you like the Accord?"

"How do you know I'm Brooke?" I asked, wondering how much my Dad had said about me.

"You're Dad said you were beautiful and described you to me. You look just like he said. In fact you look better. So, would you like to go for a test drive and see how it feels on the road?" Marica asked me. I looked into her dark, chocolate brown eyes, twinkling at me as she smiled and said, "Sure, I'd love to."

She went and grabbed a set of keys,and I followed her out to the lot. She walked to the one in the color I wanted too. It had everything I wanted, as well as the sunroof and she opened it up for us. She held the door open for me and took my hand to help me in. I hesitated for a second and looked in her eyes as she did it. I could see more of an interest in me than a valued customer. I was feeling like she had plans for me and I was falling into her trap. 

I mentioned I like to be dominated and she had the look of someone who knew how to do that. I sat down and as I put my first leg in, my skirt rode up on my thighs and gave her a good look at my legs. She looked right at them without even trying to shift her eyes, when I noticed where she was looking. She closed the door and got in on her side. I watched her get in and could see her long legs coming more into view, as her skirt rode up. I shifted my eyes though when she looked over at me. 

Let me describe Marica. She Latino as I said before and she's hot. That's the best way to describe her personally. She has lusty written all over her. Her almost black hair is long. Down to her gorgeous ass long. She pulls it up some and ties it at the back of her head to shorten it, but it's thick and full. The natural highlights of dark brown were highlighted in the sunlight.

Her eyes always have a glint or sparkle to them and reflect the light off them. Her lashes are really thick and long and add that depth to them I like. Her lips aren't as big as mine, but they are dark and full, from what I could see behind her blood, red lipstick. They are always pulled into a smile that makes you feel comfortable, but it's her eyes that show an undercurrent of her real feelings. She stood taller than me, maybe 5'7" - 5'-8", and had a slim, athletic style body. I don't know if she worked out, but I could see by the muscles and veins in her arms and hands, she used them vigorously. Her legs showed the same kind of definition to them as well. Her fingers were long and slender and had her nails done in a blood red, to match her lips. Her straight, ultra white teeth were a finishing touch to her beauty. The rest of her I'll describe later.

I started the car and put my seatbelt on, as Marica turned the air and radio on and showed me how they worked. I watched her hand, as it moved over the dials and buttons and became fascinated by it and the fingers, as they accentuated her description of the amenities. I imagined what they would feel like touching me and got lost in what she was saying.

"Brooke? I said you can put it in drive and let's see how you like it." Marica had repeated what she had said, and was looking at my eyes and where they were looking. 

I snapped to it and gave a silly smile, more to myself than her, and put it in drive. I pulled out of the parking lot and followed her directions to get to the highway. 

Once we got on it, she told me to floor it and feel the power. I felt the pedal hit the floor and then my head go back and get pressed into the seat. Marica watched me as I tried to get in control of the power of the car. In my mind, I was freaking out at first, as I watched the speedo soar around the dial. I was going 110 by the time I realized enough to take my foot off the pedal. I slowed back down to 70 and cruised there, blowing wind out my mouth as I came down from the rush. 

Marica was looking at me and then put her hand on my forearm and rubbed it lightly. I felt tingly at her touch and it sent shivers over me. 

"Lots of power, huh? Quite the rush feeling youself going faster and faster. I always think of how fast, is fast enough, until going faster isn't worth trying for. I just love it from a dead stop and feel my ass sink in the seat, my body held to the back of it, like some wild lover holding me there while I get thrilled by them. Same kind of feeling for me. I usually like to be the aggressor, but driving is the only time I like to feel dominated." Marica was still holding my arm and telling me way more than I needed to know at that point. 

I couldn't help but focus on her being a dominant lover and thought what she would be like, while I cruised along, watching the lines pass me before me.

I nodded my head and smiled again as I got used to the feel of it. It handled so smoothly and effortlessly. I glanced in her direction and for some reason, I looked down her body as I turned back, and saw lots of her thighs showing. I put my attention back on the road and Marica knew I had started to show interest. 

I must have gone five miles, when she told me to turn off and follow that road for awhile. It was nicely paved and had some nice curves on it, to test out the handling. 

"How do like how it feels? It's like your barely touching it, the curves flowing nicely and she responds nicely to it. I like that a lot." I heard the words she said, but the way I heard them, it seemed she was talking about something else. Something more like me.

It was when her hand, her fingers mostly, touched my thigh, I moaned a little and I'm sure Marica heard me. Her hand rested firmer on me and I didn't say no. Then that faint little squeeze by her fingers and I knew I was captured. I love being touched and if someone knows just the right method to use, I'll succumb so easily and do want they want. Marica knew just how to do it.

She told me to take a left, down a rural type road, and I followed it for a mile or so and then Marica told me stop and pull down this lane way. It wasn't long, but the crops that were growing, were high enough that the car couldn't be seen from the road, unless you were going very slow.

She turned to me and asked how I liked the car so far. I said it was fabulous. I loved the power and the feel of it. It had lots of cool extras to play with and said it was roomy. She reached to her side and released a lever, making her seat lie flat.

"The seats fold back and are nice to lie on." Marica told me with a very suggestive tone and rose up. 

She came close to me and reached over me to a lever at my side and my seat folded back. I was lying there looking up at her and I must have signalled with my eyes and my expression that I was receptive to her advances. She moved in with confidence, knowing I wouldn't resist and kissed me. I felt the fullness of our lips mash together and that was all I needed to give myself to her. She tongued me and my mouth tingled inside at her touch. My hands were in my lap and I left them there, as I felt her hand touch my arm. She gave me a gentle squeeze and then it slid up and over my shoulder and then back down my chest and onto my left tit. The air conditioning had my nipples sticking out, the little, white, spaghetti strapped top I was wearing, doing nothing to hide the fact and instead, accentuated the size and shape of them. Two dark circles with thumb sized nipples poked out and the instant her palm brushed against my left one, I felt my pussy get wet. I felt her squeezing it and feeling the fullness of it and then she moved her fingers onto my nipple and rolled it between her fingers.

"Oooh, Baby, you've got nice, big nipples." She said to me, marvelling at the size she was feeling.

Her hand left me and was moving under my top quickly. I felt the softness of her skin on my bare flesh and I was moaning. She was tonguing me so nicely and her fingers were playing magically on my oversized tips, I just let her take me. I didn't respond and just lay there, feeling myself getting hornier and hornier. I felt her warm, wet tongue slide away from my mouth and opened my eyes in time to see it move onto my nipple. The instant I felt it and watched it, I felt my pussy gush, like she had just plugged into me with her own electricity and jolted me. She sucked and rolled her tongue over it and I was moaning loudly, glad we were in the middle of nowhere. I pulled her head to me and then she stopped and pinched my nipple hard.

"Don't touch me unless I tell you to. I will do anything I want to you right now and you'll let me. I told you I was an aggressive person and you'll see how I control this sweet body of yours." She told me, with her lips just an inch from mine. 

My nipple was screaming with pain, yet what I really wanted, was to kiss her right then. Too bad I couldn't do anything about it. The radio started playing a song by Khia, called, 'My Neck, My Back', and I just started thinking of the chorus, when Marica's fingers released my nipple and the blood flowed in fast and pounded on my nerve endings. It hurt really bad at first and then her lips were on me and sucking at me slowly. The pain blended with this wonderful sucking feeling and my pussy was flowing. She worked her hands and mouth over to my right one and repeated sucking and squeezing my full breasts.

"My neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack...." as it started into the chorus. I felt the hem of my stretchy skirt inch up my legs and automatically opened my legs for her. Her fingers seemed to glide over me, just barely touching my skin, like a breeze or a light wind, but just making the nerves stand on end where ever she touched. The heat of my skin between my legs and the sudden rush of cool air, made me shiver and my panties, where they were soaked, made me feel it the most, as the air conditioning vent blew icy cold air over me. 

Marica's finger tips moved over my mound and then she squeezed me, when she felt all my fullness in her hand. I raised my ass and slid my panties down, while Marica's fingers delved down into my cushy wetness. I have really nice, fat labia and her fingers were between them and getting coated in my slick juice, They slid inside me and I felt her open me up. She rotated and thrust into me, making me wider and wider, and I could feel myself dilating and secreting more and more fluids to keep up with her intrusion. I felt it trickle from me and thought it was more her problem if the seat came back with a big wet spot on it. I couldn't stop the flow if I wanted to and she was making it worse. She slid three fingers inside me, still going at my fattened nipples with her lips and tongue, working wildly over them. They worked up into my G spot, softening the depression, bringing out a serious gush from me and the air had a strong aroma of my juicy essence. It took no more than twenty more strokes and her hand was holding back a torrent from me. The spray dropped down on the upholstery and I knew it was soaked. I finally stopped bucking against her hand and she slid her fingers back out and brought them over my clit. I jumped again, even more, as the sensation shot through me and I sucked my breath in sharply. 

i groaned loadly as she released me from her touch. Only her lips were gently making tiny kisses over my face and body. I lay there in this brand new car, seat back, legs spread as wide as they could go, feeling like it was a natural thing to be doing this with a woman I didn't know more than a hour ago. She moved in and kissed me, once I gained my breath, and her lips and tongue felt electric again. The tingle seemed to go straight to my nipples and made them perk up again. That went straight to my pussy via my own pleasure line running straight to it and I was flowing again. I loved what this woman did to me. I wanted more of her. I wanted her to fuck me with a dildo or strap on and make me her cum whore. I wanted her to get me off big time. 

"Mmmm, you handle nicely yourself. I like how you perform, too. Very nice. I think I'd like to take you for a longer drive the next time, really see what you can do in the long run. I'll give you my number, call me on Friday after work. I want you over at my place to have a fun night with you. No problems staying out late, or all night?" The last part made me think of how much this woman might have to offer me.

"I can stay over. No problem with that. Anything I should bring or wear?" I asked her, asuring her I wanted a repeat of this with her.

"Dress in something similar, no panties or bra and leave the rest up to me." I looked into those dark, alluring eyes, the lust and desire burning inside them and I was mesmerized by their power and nodded. She sat back on her seat and adjusted it back up straight and then I did the same. I looked at the wet spot on the seat and felt it against my soaking pussy and thighs.

"What are you going to say about this?" I asked her, wondering what excuse she would make up for this.

"I'll save you some embarrassment and you can stop at the front and I'll have a service guy come take it around for clean up. It'll give them something to wonder about for the rest of the week. Now I wanted to ask you something. Have you ever thought about having those big, beautiful nipples of yours pierced? I know a place and I can get them done, because it's my friend that does it. I think a couple of gold bars would look very nice. What do you think?" Marica was asking, while her finger traced around the outside of it.

I'd thought about piercing before, but hadn't made my mind up yet. With Marica playing with my nipple, she was making me a tempting offer and I said all I could say, "Yes, I'd like to."

We drove back to the dealership and I parked far from the door, so people wouldn't see the wet spot on the seat. My panties were beside me on the seat, but I didn't have anywear to put them. Marica took them and slid them into her blazer pocket, which of course, I never saw again.

We went to her cubicle office and I could still smell my ejaculation coming up to my nose. I became wary as to how far the aroma could be smelled and if others might smell me. Marica got a contract out from my Dad's file and just needed my signature on several lines and I was done. The rest were filled in by Marica and my Dad, and I had a new Accord.

"Umm, will I be getting that one we were just in, or another one." I asked her, with more of hope of it, instead of dread.

I thought it would be better to have one I already christened, instead of breaking in another one.

"If you want that one, no problem. Once it's cleaned up and we get plates on it for you, you can pick it up tomorrow or the next day and start having fun in it right away ." I saw the expression on her face and the look in her eyes and knew she was thinking of doing me in it again.
