 I woke up and Tiffany was in the shower. My head was a little hazy, that was until I looked under the blanket and saw I was naked. What happened? Do we talk about it? I quickly found my underwear and got dressed. My head was spinning so I went downstairs to make some coffee. By the time I was on my second cup Tiffany was down for breakfast and she acted exactly how I was hoping she would: like nothing happened.

It was a nice day so we decided to take a drive out of my small town to the city to shop. Tiffany explained to me in the car that my fashion sense was very "high school".

"It's not that I am saying you are a bad dresser," she explained. "It's just that we are in college now...like in Taiwan, the style is very cute—especially in high school, all the college girls sort of move to a cute sexy." 

I smiled. That absolutely described her. She wore a tight top with a fun small jacket. She also had a skirt just above the knee with some knee high socks and cute red shoes. She looked young, but with just a tinge of sexy mixed in. 

"I really like your clothes," I commented.

"Thanks," she replied. "Fashion here is seriously like 5 years behind. At school everyone thought I was trying to dress like a school girl or something. That is really just the style where I come from."

I thought about the school girl thing. I knew my brother had a thing for it, but I didn't really see it. I mean Tiffany looked really cute, but not young and grade schoolish. "Well I think its fun and I think I need your help."

We drove the next hour singing with the radio and talking about boys. I managed not to mention Carl and I realized that I hadn't thought of him at all this morning. Not until that moment at least. I looked over at Tiffany as she bobbed her head and looked out the window. I couldn't believe the night before we were naked together. My heart sped up a bit and I focused back on the road. I mean...was I a lesbian? Of course not. I definitely liked boys. I supposed I was behind the curve for sexual exploration, but I always felt like that was a good thing. I decided it didn't matter. I didn't have to figure myself out. Whatever happened last night probably wasn't going to happen again and if it did then, well, I would just try not to think about it.

We went to the mall and spent the morning looking on the sales racks and trying to mix and match what we could on my meager budget. 

"Ok, this one is really cute," Tiffany said holding up a rather small halter top.

"Um, that is a little more sexy than cute and I don't think I have the boobs for something like that," I said dismissively. 

"Haha, first of all, you wear something over this—layers dear...secondly, you have great boobs and that's what made me think of it," She walked over to me and placed the shirt on the rack against my chest. "Trust me...I would know." She said with a wink.

My face grew red. She did have a hand on my breast last night. "Give me that," I said snatching it from her.

I took it into the dressing room and fumbling out of my top. I realized my hands were slightly shaking and my heart was pounding. What the hell was happening? I brushed my fingers over the lace of my bra. I thought of her touching me and I took a deep breath. I was starting to feel a little wet. Ok focus. I put the top on and frowned. 

"How does it look?" Tiffany said from the other side of the door.

"Um, I am not sure yet. It fits, but I need to take my bra off so it will be a second," I answered.

"Do...um...do you need any help?" Tiffany asked in a slightly different tone.

I swallowed hard as I pulled the top off. "Um...sure," I replied.

I opened the door a crack and she slid into the dressing room with me. She looked at my bra and bit her lip hiding a smile. I turned to grab the shirt to show her and she put her hand on my shoulder. I felt my skin tingle and I grew tense. I held the clothes hanger in one hand and turned back to her. She looked at me with a slight smile and her other hand went to my cheek. 

I didn't move. I looked right into her eyes and I felt my stomach fill with butterflies and my lower half was tingling. She slid her other hand from my shoulder to my cheek and she leaned in slowly until our lips almost touched. I could smell her minty breath and I sucked air in my lungs carefully. I licked my lower lip.

She looked down to my lips and moved closer still. Her hands were warm on my cheeks and then I felt the damp of her lips brushing mine and then pressing against mine. I opened my mouth slightly and tasted her minty breath and then her soft, warm tongue. Our touch turned into a kiss as our lips locked and our tongues met further. I opened my mouth more and her tongue slid into my mouth gently. She rubbed her tongue over mine and against the inside of my mouth. I felt my breasts and body tingle.

I dropped the clothes hanger and put my arms around her waste as we kissed slowly and gently. I turned my head slightly and her tongue went in further as she opened her mouth wider. She pulled her tongue back after a moment and I slid mine into her mouth. She sucked it softly and the pull on my tongue drove tingles up and down my spine and legs. She pushed my hair back over my ears and continued to suck my tongue. Her sweet breath blew against me.

I slid my hands up her and down her back noting my fingers brushing against her hot skin as her shirt slid up at the waste from my touch. I focused my fingers on the small of her back and she started to moan softly. Her breath sped up quickly and she began to kiss me more intensely. I continued to let her suck my tongue as I slid my whole hands under her shirt and gently touched her hot skin.

We kissed deeply and more intensely as I became more liberal in touching her back and her sides. She took one hand down and grabbed mine then pushed it down the front of her skirt. I pushed down under her soft cotton underwear until I felt the rough of her pubic hair and then the moist lips of her pussy. I moved my finger around until I found her clit and began to press it in quick flicks with my index finger. 

My tongue slid out of her mouth and she hugged me tightly breathing heavily in my ear and moving her hips. I continued to work my finger against her body as she grew wetter and wetter. I slid my other hand down over her skirt and grabbed her butt cheek so I could have better leverage. She sucked in air and murmured in my ear, "Mmm...that's nice."

I gripped her round butt cheek tightly and continued to rub her now soaking crotch. She worked her hips in a circle in rhythm with my hands. She clutched me tightly as she lifted one leg up and put her foot on the bench. She started to suck on my earlobe and I rubbed her faster.

"Mm...like that...just like that," she breathed into my ear.

I rubbed her in a circle as fast as I could. My fingers slipped in and out of her wet body as she bucked her hips. She let out a soft squeal and several hard fast breaths of air as she came. "Ah! I am cumming," she whispered over and over again. My wrist burned from rubbing her so furiously, but I kept at it as long as I could.

I continued my touch until she held onto me and stopped moving. After a moment she pulled her face back and pressed her forehead against mine. We were both breathing heavily and smiling. After several deep breaths I said, "So...what do you think of the top?"

She smiled and looked down at my bra. "Well we need to see it on you with out this."

She wrapped her arms around me and expertly unsnapped my bra. It fell off over my arms. My boobs were perked with goose bumps and my nipples jutted out. It would take Carl five minutes to get it off me. I guess you have to own one. I looked up at Tiffany and took a deep breath. "We have been in here a while...maybe someone will..."

She pressed her mouth against mine and pushed her tongue in my mouth. We kissed furiously as her hands slid up and down the front of my body. She grabbed both my breasts firmly as I sucked her tongue. She pulled her face back and looked at my mouth lustfully, "Someone might wonder...but I need you to cum first ok?"

I took a deep breath and nodded. I grabbed her wrist and pushed her hand down my pants until I felt her fingers over my soaking pussy. I groaned as she found my bulging clit and started to work on it. I clutched her body as she continued to rub my breast and my clit at the same time. I swallowed heavily and my body was tingling. I had never felt this sexy before and never so ready to orgasm so easily. I lifted my leg and pressed against her as she rubbed me faster.

"Cum for me...come on...cum for me," she whispered in my ear.

I bucked my hips against her hand and dug my nails into her back. She forced her hand off of my breast as our bodies clutched together. Her free hand slid over my butt and I gasped as she grabbed it. She forced my butt to move with my hips and her hand and I almost cried out. 

"Oh sh..."

She pressed her tongue in my mouth and I felt my body shiver and start to shake as an orgasm over took me. I bucked my hips faster and faster breathing into her mouth then pulling my face away and gasping for air. I clenched my teeth and held her until my hips hurt. We were both breathing heavily for a moment. 

I looked into her eyes and widened them as I smiled. "I think I will get the shirt."

She giggled and after a few moments of fumbling with her clothes she slid out of the dressing room. I sat down on the bench after she was gone. My stomach was still fluttering and my heart was pounding. I fiddled with my bar and managed to get it on again. I looked at myself in the mirror and fixed my hair. I was done shopping. I thought about Tiffany waiting out there for me. I couldn't wait to go back home.