 This is the Third Chapter... I would strongly advise you to read the first two before this one as that will build you up nicely to this part of the story. 

Okay, so if you have read the first two chapters of this story you will know that for the last two months I have been slowly and exquisitely tortured by a young beauty sitting silently and yet erotically next to me on our bus ride to campus. We have now talked, introduced ourselves, flirted and today she invited me over to her house. Let me continue as Gemma leads me up the stairs of her parent's house, up into the unknown... 

Her hand tightly held mine, urging to follow, guiding me up the stairs. I looked up, staring at her hand grasping mine, her light soft skin so gentle guiding me like a spirit guide into the unknown. Her seductive hips swaying left to right, and with each movement of her legs onto the higher step, the revealing of soft white flesh, such smooth milky thighs leading up, up, up. "Oh my mind is on over drive," Stacey thought to herself, her mind racing, confused, erratic in its thought processes. She pulled at Gemma's hand.

" W w wait... I... don't think I can do this," I stammered as I sat down on the stair. Gemma stepped down also and sat on the stair below me, still holding onto my hand and gently stroking it in reassurance.

"Shhhh, it's okay baby, I only want this if you do also, I'm sorry, I just thought... I don't know, I just thought you felt the same as me?" Gemma said as she gazed up into my eyes. I gazed back, my own stare drowning in her deep blue pools of intenseness. She looked down, hurt. 

"I do, I... I really do, my whole body is telling me to follow you up the stairs, but... but it's not right is it? This... I mean us, two girls and..."

Gemma didn't let me finish, her eyes shot upward and locked onto mine and the look seemed to intensify. I saw her lips curve into an enigmatic smile and she "Shhhh'ed" again and held my hand tightly in her two. She seemed to be pondering this problem, as she looked deep into my soul and for some reason I just could not look away from her stare.

"I believe in fate, Stacey, fate brought us together on that bus journey, a journey I have traveled many times alone. You came along and my world changed! This, you, today, it just all seems so natural to me. Tell me, how can that be so wrong?" Gemma's words seemed hypnotic as our eyes melted together and I nodded in agreement. Every fibre in my body wanted to continue up the stairs and now, hearing her say what I had also been thinking, how being with her seemed like it was meant to be, I stood up and pulled her up alongside me. Gemma smiled and slowly nodded "yes" and once again took the lead, guiding me up the stairway. 

As they reached the top of the stairs, Gemma turned left and dropping Stacy's hand, she opened a dark mahogany door. Stacey watched as the other girl disappeared through the door and then turned swiftly to flash that gorgeous smile and beckon her new friend with her long index finger. Stacey followed. 

THUD. I didn't have time to even enter the room, it happened in a split second, I was pushed backwards against the closing door and pinned against the now shut door by Gemma's outstretched arms. It all happened so quickly, Gemma had spun around and was the attacker, using her strong athlete's arms to hold me tightly with my arms spread-eagled against the door. But I felt no fear, only pure exhilaration as Gemma stood motionless, now seemingly shy and unsure of what to do. Her eye's were burning into mine again, them both drowning in the pools of lust. Gemma leaned forward ever so slowly and tentatively placed a single soft kiss upon my eager and waiting lips. 

"Wow", I smiled and licked my lips seductively, tasting the kiss, tasting Gemma. Her eyes glazed in passion and spurred on with encouragement she came in again, faster and harder than before, grinding her lips into her bus journey companion. I was no passive victim, how could I stop myself? I began kissing back just as lustfully, my tongue lapping at the lips as they came in for another kiss, darting into Gemma's mouth and playfully wrestling with the smaller agile little tongue I found there. 

I manage to free an arm and reach forward to a handful of Gemma's hair and tug her head backwards, exposing her sleek defined neck and nuzzling the warm softness found there. Smelling her, licking the creases in the skin formed as the head is held back in place. A low moan escapes Gemma's lips as my kisses touch the sensitive erogenous areas and I can feel the vibration of the moan through my lips. "Wow" I mouth, still with my mouth searching all around her taught neck. In return, her neck now writhing against my tongue. I push her backwards, towards the single bed I can see against the far wall. I am now in control and Gemma realises it. She smiles up at me and we kiss again, a gentle reassuring kiss, letting each other know that it is only play fighting. And with that I push hard and she slumps backwards onto the bed with a thump and I pounce on top of her, straddling her waist with my legs locking her arms and this time pinning her down. She smiles in her defeat, an even bigger grin as I start to rock my hip and wiggle down slightly so that my pussy is humping her mound. She was right, this is so natural, I can't stop my body; as if it is on Autopilot it has taken control of the moment as I grind into my prey.

"Oh yes baby, you know what I want" Gemma panted and I threw my head back as the rhythm developed and I could feel the wetness in my panties. 

"I want you so much, Gemma," I whispered 

"Let me up then, I would so like to see you properly" Gemma replied 

"Huh? You can see me properly, I'm right here in front of you" I teased 

"... Naked" Gemma said in a throaty deep voice, as her cheeks and neck reddened. 

I let go of my hold and allowed her upright and she led me off the bed so we were both stood facing one another. 

She unbuttoned my blouse slowly, never letting her eyes leave mine. I looked down and saw my pink lacey bra poking out from the opened shirt, my abs exposed below and her hand now working on the buttons of my jeans. With a swift hand movement she was pushing the jeans down and it was now my turn to redden as my pink panties came on display. She stood back slightly and was looking me up and down, her mouth in that permanent beaming grin, her eyes darting backwards and forwards from my firm 34C bra encased breasts to my pink panties with the little tufts of my jet black hair visibly poking through the lace in places. 

Her skirt was now on the floor, to my amazement and shock revealing her panty less pussy to me. Displaying her neatly trimmed Auburn fluffy mound. She leaned backward using her firm ab muscles allowing her soft puffy lips to be exposed to me. My heart was beating like a big bass drum. 

"Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang" the thudding continued 

As I looked up to smile my approval to her, I noticed something was wrong. In that split second time had stood still, Gemma was motionless. She had a look of horror on her face. Why had she suddenly changed? "What had I done wrong? Did she not want this?" I was confused. 

Then it dawned on me in the same instant that I heard voice shouting:

" You messy little creep, Gem, can't you clear anything up." A female voice chastised. 

I realised that the banging was not my racing heart, but someone bounding up the stairs, up the stairs towards the bedroom, the bedroom where we both stood in stages of undress. I realized all this in the same instant that the bedroom door flew open and the words " anything up" trailed off and there was silence. 

A girl of about 24 was stood in the doorway, a slightly older looking carbon copy of Gemma. She had the same "Deer in the headlights" look on her face as Gemma just had. 

"Oh my god" I thought as I gulped down my very dry throat. At that same moment, Gemma seemed to have returned to her senses and began speaking. The moment seemed to last an eternity. Me, exposed, Gemma even more so to this figure in the doorway. 

"What's up Sis? We are just getting ready for the game tonight, we're cheering on the Wildcats later and thought we'd change first before we meet up with Pen and Julie." She coolly informed the elder girl. 

Her sister looked first at Gemma and then across to me and I could feel her brain trying to piece together what it was seeing with what she was hearing. As her eyes strayed to me I felt her eyes travel my body stopping momentarily at the junction between my legs and then again at my exposed bra. Did I see a faint smile cross her lips? As she then looked back at Gemma who was now pulling up a pair of panties from an open drawer and the sister continued with her rant... 

"You left one hell of a mess downstairs in the kitchen! Make sure you clean it up when you have... umm... finished up here" she said in more of a playful, than authoritative tone. 

"Okay, Okay Tracey, I will don't panic!" Gemma replied

"Well, it's ME who will get the flack when the folks return, so come on Gem, help me out a bit and you'll find I help you in return" Tracey said gently and looked towards me as she finished the sentence.

Then as she left through the door shouted out " Enjoy yourselves... later" 

Gemma and Stacey looked at each other and burst into a fit of giggles, more through shock than amusement and they drew up to each other in a comforting embrace. 

"Err does she know about you? Know that you prefer girls, Gemma? I asked 

Gemma raised her eyebrows and shook her head in the negative, then laughed and added "But I guess she does now!" 

"We are pretty close, considering the age gap, she's cool, I think she will be okay about it."

I learned in and kissed her softly, just to ease the situation but she returned back with the passion of earlier and within seconds hands were searching everywhere. My bra was on the floor and as we embraced our now bared nipples rubbed against each other sending shockwaves straight through my body to explode in a burst of fireworks in my clit! 

I pulled at the fresh panties, eager to see that pussy, eager to touch it, to lick it, to suck it, to taste it. Gemma was all that I wanted now. I had laid her back on the carpet and I was now between her thighs. I pushed them further apart with my own legs and received the full visual feast of her delightfully full and open pussy. 

Her outer lips were so fat and puffy. All dark pink and engorged with blood, her clit was so prominent, like a mountain peak at the head of a beautiful pink valley. It was huge, I had to suck on it, lap at it, but then I saw the river running out at the base of the valley! 

Again I swallowed a gulp and dived into heaven. Instinctively I headed straight for her furry mound, nuzzling the soft downy hair with my nose, taking in her scent at the same time. It intoxicated me, sent my brain into spirals of thought that short-circuited my brain; all I knew was that I had to taste the source of that wonderful drug that was enticing me so. I tentatively opened my mouth and lowered my tongue onto her clit. I felt it shudder beneath my tongue, which automatically caused a power surge directly to my own clit, which twitched in anticipation. Gemma's hands were all over my ass, stroking, separating the cheeks, kneading the flesh. "Oooooo" I could not suppress my groans, which spurred Gemma into gliding my own panties down and allowing her fingers to find my wetness. 

Her fingers worked on my pussy lips, I felt two or three fingers running from my slit up and over my throbbing clit, circling through my black pubic hair and then down again. Each journey slowly pushing the lips apart, their wet slickness forcing them back together again with each rub. I mirrored her actions with my tongue. Lapping up the full length of her pussy. Each time I found her slit I was rewarded with a pool of warm fresh honey. The taste was awesome, my first taste of pussy, my first taste of heaven. I could not get enough; I lapped and lapped, flattening my tongue wide and flat to get maximum exposure from her nectar. Her thighs pressed against my head now, her athlete's legs pinning me down, forcing me to complete the job. I felt her finger penetrate my pussy and I ground down onto it, needing her so bad now, needing to be filled, my pussy dripping in anticipation of its fuck. I bucked my hips, urging her to fuck me and in response she slid her thumb in next to her finger and pounded me.

"Arrrhhhh, god, Gem, that feels so good" I panted in between licks. She had started a rhythm with her finger fucking now and I responded by forcing my tongue into her eager opening. I could feel the hot juices running down the sides of her pussy, onto my waiting tongue which lapped at her from the insides, tickling the ridges and bumps inside her pussy and causing her to start jerking around on the bed. Her thighs kept up their death grip on my head with allowed me to up the pace and force my tongue deeper with each thrust. My lips bashing against her pussy lips which each fuck. She was groaning like crazy now, her ass rising from the bed suspending her in the air as I plundered her pussy with my tongue. I used my hands to up the experience for her, my left finding her pert breast, which I kneaded (and needed!) fingering her rock hard nipple, strumming it with my finger and thumb while my right hand explores her ass, stroking the line from her slit through her cheeks and back again. Back and forth, back and forth my fingers go. Speeding up now and hers are now on the back of my head, urging me to finish her, pressing me down further.

"Please baby, please Stacey, Oh my God, Please" Gemma is begging now

I rise up slightly and envelope her clit with my hot sticky mouth, and suck, suck her whole clit deep into my mouth. I feel the hood retract and I lave the little bud madly with my tongue until she shudders and shudders again, wrapping her whole legs around me, her feet crossed behind my head while her pussy bucks up and down in response to the orgasm ripping through her cunt. I feel a gush of juices splash over my face, so warm and fragrant.

I softly draw my tongue up and down her now hard, fully engorged pussy lips, gently licking at the juices, savouring every last drop until she is all clean and finally spent.

Gemma tugs at my shoulders and draws me up next to her and we embrace, hold each other like we have done this a million times before. We kiss softly and she licks my lips, tasting her own cum on my lips and she smiles.

"Now it is your turn, honey, and I wanna taste you!" she whispered as she eases her way down my body, taking in the sight as she goes.

First she explores my tits, running her hands first from one breast and then the other and then pushing both up together so that she can take both nipples into her mouth at once. Nibbling on them, grazing her teeth across the sensitive buds. I am moaning already, the intensity of pleasure coursing through my body is like nothing I have ever experienced before. My pussy is crying out for the feel of her mouth. I want to feel her tongue licking at my pussy. I idea of it does not scare me at all; just as me licking her pussy had been the most natural thing in the world to do. I could stay between her legs for the rest of my life. My thoughts were fuelling my desires and I found myself bucking my mound up and down, urging Gemma to give it some attention.

She noticed and flashed that beaming smile again, winked, and lowered herself between my thighs. First she went lower, teasing, licking my thighs first on one side and then on the other before making the journey up and making a long sweeping wet lick across my now soaking pussy. I shuddered at the first touch and closed my eyes in sexual bliss as she lapped at me. I could feel my abdominal muscles contracting and I held my breath as she took me on wave upon wave of pleasure. I could feel her fingers pulling at my lips, stretching my inner lips out and rubbing them together between her fingers. She was exploring my most intimate places, taking in every inch of me. I felt a touch on my clitoris and a gush of juices left me in response to that one touch. She fingered my clit, letting it rotate in motion with her fingers. I groaned out loud again and she took this as encouragement and pressed harder, rotating my clit faster now. I let my abs relax and pushed her head down and as her fingers tweaked my clit her lips took my pussy lips into her hot eager mouth and she sucked them up, lapping out at my gushing slit every time she heard a moan escape from me. Which was a lot! She had slowed down the administrations on my clit, teasing me, making me wait.

I was so close now, I so needed a release, and I needed to cum. I used my legs to flip Gemma to the side and managed to catch her off guard and flip her over. Now I was on top! She smiled and flicked out her tongue, making an erect phallic and I smiled back as I lowered my pussy onto her. I was riding her tongue now, as she kneaded my ass in her hands, her index finger caressing my sensitive anus, around and around, just teasing the little hole and making me whimper in ecstasy. Her tongue slips out and she laps vigorously at me now, and I am grinding my pussy against her mouth, her nose, and her face. My head flays back, my back arches and "Aaaarrrghhhhh" Oh my God, such a release as I shudder against Gemma's open mouth and she plants little butterfly kisses down on my still convulsing pussy.

Gemma and Stacey gaze intently into each other's eyes, both seeing the pure love that awaits on the other side, both smile and envelope each other in a loving embrace. The snuggle up next to each other on the single bed and wrap arms and legs around each other, both not wanting to let go of the other. With both not needing to speak, both just basking in the afterglow of blissful sex. Gemma falls asleep first.

Although the urge to sleep is great, I lie there and cannot take my eyes off of this beautiful sleeping beauty. My sleeping beauty I have just made love to, and her to me. I savour the moment, watching her bare breasts rise and fall in time to her peaceful sleeping. Her pure relaxed face mesmerizes me and I am not sure for how long I had been watching or she had been sleeping. All I knew was that I had a desperate urge to pee! 

I untangled myself from her embrace and make my way to the en-suite. It is a large open plan bathroom with another door directly opposite, I guess leading to another bedroom. A tub against one wall, a shower cubicle in the other and as I turn a corner I see the toilet hidden behind a low dividing wall. I sit down and relax and the flow begins. Directly opposite the wall is mirrored and I can see myself reflected. My dark hair all tangled, my face still flushed. I smile as I remember what an unbelievable day this has been.

As I sit, still peeing and contemplating the day's events, still staring at myself in the mirror, I am distracted by a slight movement to my left, away from the mirror. I turn my head, and there leaning against the second bathroom door is Tracey, Gemma's elder sister! 

I feel my face burning with embarrassment and my mouth drop as if to speak, but unable.

She just smiles back.

"Oh I do love to watch a girl pee, especially one as beautiful and naked as you" Tracey whispered.

Again my mouth remains open, I gulp, and try again, but remain mute.

"I heard you had such a good time with my sister... at the game!" she mocked "These walls are very thin you know" she continued and nodded in the direction of the bedroom where Gemma lay.

She was walking towards me now and I stood up.

Embarrassed by my nakedness, and the fact she was getting nearer to me, I looked around for a towel or anything to hide my exposure. As I moved towards a towel rail I felt a single drop of my pee dripping down my leg and as I looked towards Tracey, her eyes were already upon it and her tongue was already slowly licking her lips.
