 Every morning before work, Alicia and Dan ( a friend from work) go by the gym for a few hours. They've become friends with a few of the regulars.

One of the regulars is a personal trainer named Martha. She usually trains high school kids and teachers through the summer months. Last summer, she was training Kelly. Kelly had just graduated. She was starting at the university this year.

Kelly was tomboy. She was catcher for her school softball team. Her hair was sandy brown. Her skin appeared to be so smooth and muscular at the same time. Kelly wasn't attractive in a gorgeous way but attractive in her own way. But she wasn't ugly by no means.

Alicia and Kelly would flirt with one another in a way that wasn't obvious to anyone but them. Alicia always got the impression that Kelly was a carpet muncher. Alicia had never been with a female but always fantasied about it. 

One day in particular, Alicia was working her arms. Kelly was using the machine beside her when Kelly asked, " So what are your plans this weekend Alicia? "

" I'm not sure yet, " answeree Alicia. " I might rent some videos and just relax. How bout you? "

" Well, I plan to hook up with someone I've had my eye on, " Kelly said seductively yet playfully. " I'm hopin to stay at their place for the weekend. "

" Whoaaa, gonna getcha groove on, huh? " giggled Alicia.

Kelly laughed, " Yeh, thats what I'm hopin for. Maybe I'll get to relax and watch movies myself. Alicia laughed again. She thought that would be funny if Kelly wound up doing the same thing as her.

"Well , I've got to get a shower before I go to work, " Alicia said. She looked at Kelly and said " Good luck this week. "

Kelly smiled, " Thanks, I'll probably need all the luck I can get. "

Alicia headed upstairs to get her shower. She was wearing a pair of loose fitting cotton shorts and a sports bra. She stripped her workout attire, putting them in her gym bag. She turned the water on and stepped into the shower, standing there, she let her muscles relax. She lathered up her hair with shampoo. As she rinsed the soap, She felt a cold breeze. She didn't think anything else about it, when all of a sudden Kelly stepped into the shower with her.

Kelly looked at Alicia with sad puppy dog eyes. And before Alicia could say anything, Kelly leans forward and kisses her. Kelly was doing all the work, when Alicia finally realized that she was being kissed. When she did, she started opening her mouth, teasing with her tongue. She slides her tongue into Kelly's mouth and wiggles it against Kelly's tongue. Alicia moans into her mouth. When Kelly hears and feels that moan ,it sets fire to her crotch. She feels her button throbbing now.

Alicia looking confused and aroused said, " Wha... watt are you doin? "

Kelly looks down. In a voice so low you almost had to strain to hear she said, " I'm sorry Alicia." She paused. " Your the one I was talking about earlier. I've wanted you for so long. You're so beautiful. I even dream about you. " Kelly reached up and touched beside Alicia's eyes and said, "Those eyes, they melt me. "

Alicia was so aroused that she was fidgeting. She couldn't believe it. Her fantasy could actually come true. It's even better than the fantasy to. Even the fantasies didn't get her this turned on. She looked at Kelly and placed her hand on her cheek and whispered , "I've never been with a woman. "

Oh no! Kelly thought she's gonna tell me she can't do this. Please don't.

" Will you show me how?" Alicia said softly.

Kelly pulls Alicia's body close to hers. They are about the same height so their nipples are rubbing against each other. Kelly rubs her nipple all the way down Alicia's body. Then she kisses her way back up to her nipple. She sucks on Alicia's right nipple while she rolls the left one with her thumb and forefinger. Using the top of her tongue, the flat part, she runs it over the sensitive nipple. Back and forth across the erect hard nipple. 

Alicia can't believe the sensation she's feeling. Her clit is throbbing so hard she would probably cum if someone looked at her button.

"Ohh ggod, I think I'm gonna cummm, " Alicia said with a surprised but highly aroused tone. She tenses up and has her first nipple stimulation orgasm.

She smiles shyly, " I can't believe that just happened. I have never had an orgasm from someone lickin my nipple."

Without saying a word, Kelly continues down Alicia's body until she gets to her glistening, swollen lips. She spreads the lips with her fingers and lives in with her open mouth. Her warm tongue, making its way front to back. She sucks her clit into her hot mouth. She can feel the heat from it. She would even swear that she could feel it throbbing.

Alicia whimpers, " Ohhh, k...keeep doin thattt. I neeeed to cumm again."

Kelly starts sucking the erect button harder now.

Just then, Alicia screams, " Ohh gawwddddd, Kelly, yessss. "

Kelly stands up and wraps her arms around Alicia and hugs her. Alicia whispers, " That was amazin. "

Kelly asks, " You okay?"

Alicia doesn't answer her instead she moves her hand between Kelly's legs. At the same time she kisses her. She moves her fingers inside Kelly's swollen lips onto her clit. She instantly felt how turned on Kelly was. Slowly Alicia massages the engorged button.

Kelly gasps, " Mmm, that feels good. Slide two fingers inside please. "

Alicia does as she's asked and slides two fingers inside Kelly's hot, wet hole. She starts pumping in and out slowly to start with. She can see the pleasure in Kelly's eyes. She can see the need, the want. She starts pumping a little faster, in and out. She wiggles her fingers inside. Kelly moans. She keeps her fingers in Kelly's throbbing pussy, constantly moving them around. Kelly obviously likes this so Alicia is more than happy to keep going. When Kelly's eyes start rolling and her body tenses. Alicia can see the beginning of an orgasm. When Kelly moans and lets out this loud, " Ohhhhhhhhhh ,yesssss. I'mm cummming. "

Alicia stops wiggling her fingers, then starts back. Making Kelly cum again.Her body bucks. She moans, " Oooohhh. "

Alicia pulls her fingers out slowly, Kelly whimpers.

They kiss tenderly, softly. 

Holding each other, Kelly asks, " This mean I'll be relaxin and watchin videos this weekend too?"