 Categories: BDSM, Exhibitionist/Voyeur, First Time, Group, Reluctance

*****

Queen Of Clubs

Saturday, May 13th, 2017, 11:01 a.m.

Today's meeting was come to order, chairwoman Cheri Brock announced, tapping her gavel.

"Welcome once more, ladies!" she greeted. "And how is everyone on this beautiful day?"

The other ten women around the massive tablet-shaped table expressed mutual contentment. The eleven in total comprised the city of Juniper's one and only C.F.N.F. club. It was a tiny phenom and community among the town's lesbians and bisexuals. With it went their web site and video shoots, which the ladies hoped would further their endeavor. Cheri and her friend June Walters had started the enterprise a few years back, and the online presence since coaxed more members onboard. They'd lost but one months back, who entered into a romantic relationship, and whose partner didn't approve of her being in the club. While sad to see her go, her decision was respected. The club was sort of its own large matrix of romantic—mostly sexual—relationships. To date, they met two to three times a month, sometimes at a member's home, other times like today at the 35th Street downtown conference center. Due to the unorthodox nature of their meetings and activities in which they partook, they were granted this space on days when the center conducted little to no business. Cheri laid the gavel to rest.

"Wonderful! June, would you please refresh us on the minutes of the last meeting?"

Her friend the club secretary slipped on her glasses, popped open her laptop and opened the appropriate file.

"Right! Okay, so let's see...yes: here we are, April the 29th. Peggy hosted at her house. We reviewed and updated our monthly video sales figures...Stella shared with us her newest article for Curve...she and Babs also distributed the May newsletter...Maddie regaled us with a lovely erotic reading from her private fantasy collection—which I personally very much enjoyed," she added with a shiver.

"...Eileen was kind enough to bring one of her sizzlingly hot Bound Heat films for us to enjoy," June went on, "During which we began our game of strip blackjack. And of course, we ordered supper, and the first member to lose all her clothes had to pay, and answer the door. Which in this case would've been..." She looked up to grin at the shy blonde to Cheri's left.

"Kaaaaa-tieeeee!"

The rest of the ladies playfully taunted her. Katie Stephenson, who wasn't the most skilled or lucky blackjack player, tried to smile it off. At 26, she was the youngest and newest member, having just been with the club a short time. So being the newbie, she continued to be "initiated" and hazed by the others. At least until another member stepped aboard. But she'd lost the most blackjack games fair and square. And so the delivery man took in the sight of a naked Katie picking up their dinner, amid fellow members' laughter at her little torture. To make up for it, however, they did make sure she enjoyed an intense post-supper "reward" before calling it a night.

Which was not to say that the other girls didn't pick on or mess with one another as well. All in the name of fun and humor, of course. This was what the club was all about. There may've been a fine line between serious intimacy and mischievously toying with each other's naked bodies...but members were prepared for these things at their initial interview. The ladies checked any traces of drama or moodiness at the door. Sometimes a meeting would coincide with a bad day for somebody, due to any number of reasons. So if anyone was down in the dumps, her fellow members had some good-natured fun with her, to take her mind off it and restore her spirits. At the foundation of the club were the basic tenets of friendship and love.

And then there was the fun of just tormenting each other.

 *****