 Greetings, buddies and gals. I had so much fun creating and writing "C.F.N.F. Club," it was just a matter of time till the urge came to spend another day with these mischievous, schadenfreudian ladies. Enjoy, and be prepared for a second playfully malicious, deliciously sinister, impishly wicked, totally kinky taco fiesta! P.S. This is a while after the story "Maid In America" took place. Million-heiress Madison Roschfeld now has some new help. Actually, a chunk of this is like a "Maid In America II." 

ADDITIONAL CATEGORIES: BDSM, Exhibitionist/Voyeur, Group, Reluctance 

***** 

Come Follow New Friends 

Saturday, May 27th, 2017, 3:33 p.m. 

Perhaps the most beautiful day 2017 offered to date was half through, but hanging on thanks to lasting sunlight. The temperature was an embraceable 66°, beckoning as many to come out and hug Mother Nature as would emerge. Numerous folks behind the wheel enjoyed the by-whipping winds with lowered windows. Into this category fell two occupants of a silver Chevy Impala en route to the uppest crust of high-society Green Plains County. In the lap of the passenger lay a dozen roses. 

"I'm excited!" beamed a be-shaded Jenni, shouting to be heard over the wind. 

"Me too," Katie called over to her passenger. 

"Whaddaya think we're gonna do?" 

"All's I know is it's gonna be fun," hollered Katie, almost a bit ominously. "Overwhelmingly so, but fun. Whether we like it or not." 

Jenni reached to her left and clasped Katie's hand. "'F it's anything like the fun I had last time, then I'm excited and nervous as hell." 

"Then I think you're ready, kiddo." Readier than I am. 

"Thanks for the ride by the way, Katie." 

"Oh, you're welcome, hon! Anytime." 

"Can I give you some gas money?" 

"Oh, I'd hardly say that's necessary." 

"Well, only if you insist. I totally could now. Like I told you guys, I got my job! I'm so pumped!" 

"Oh yeah! Congrats, girl!" 

"Thanks! I feel so great. For once in my life, I don't feel like a total screw-up. And, Kates? Before you say anything, please do me a favor and don't tell me how I'm so young, I have so much future ahead of me, I won't even be able to count how many successes and failures I'll experience, blah blah mother-flibbity-blah. I'm so over hearing it all. I may only be 20, but I believe age is a state of mind. And just a number. It's all in the level at which you mature, and perceive the world around you." 

There was a pause as Katie processed everything Jenni'd just yelled over the roar of the winds. 

"...How philosophical. Well, let the record reflect I was not gonna say any of that," she replied. "Actually, I was gonna ask you, since last we met...if you've been...well, y'know...pleasuring yourself, like a good grown-up girl." 

Jenni laughed. "Oh. Well, golly. Under, uh...'normal' circumstances," she chortled, "I would ask what on Earth's wrong with you, and how the hello-there dare you ask me such a thing. But, um..." Another giggle. "Considering what went on between us two weeks ago, I think we're past that point. Soooo...yes...Katie," she blushed. "I have been making myself happy...keeping calm, and un-pent up, thank goodness. I'm spending a lotta time online, but well, some things you just have to learn to do on your own. ...You?" 

"Oh! You know it." Pause. "...Can I ask you a really personal question, Jen?" 

"Well...you can ask it. Whether I answer it or not is my reserved right." 

"Heh! Okay, here it is...what do you like to think about when you...y'know...make yourself 'happy'?" 

"You're naughty!" 

"That's me, your buddy, K.H.S. Now spill it." 

"Ha! Erm...well..." Jenni began to blush again. "...Promise you won't make fun of me." 

"No." 

"Wh—?!" 

"I'm kidding, ya goof. Of course I promise. C'mon." 

"Okay...but only if you tell me too. Believe it or not, after doing some exploring...turns out the idea of me liking a girl, and another girl liking her too, and having to kinda...fight, or compete with the other chick, for the one we both like...turns me on like crazy." 

Katie took it in, nodding slowly with arched brows. "Wow." 

"Yup. Doesn't even matter that much who gets her. 'S the spirit of competition that gets me fired up. Okay, your turn!" 

"Heh...'kay. Well...I have a thing for bellies. And bellybuttons. And...being on either end of 'em. I really like doing things to other people's bellies, and having 'em done to mine." 

"Oh, fun. So, d'you get...y'know, kinda...turned on just by someone, like, rubbing or poking your belly?" 

"Well, it depends what you mean by turned on. But depending on my mood and energy level, sure. I can get a little happy, a little wet, little tingly...I can even get downright horn dog-randy. But, please, not now, while I'm driving. Save it till we get there." 

"Right. So how long've you been in the club?" 

"Couple months. 'S a lotta fun, even though the new girl does get put through a bunch of hazing and teasing. It's like a sorority. I don't wanna discourage you, though, and I definitely don't wanna go back to being the newbie. Although as I said that, I probably did just discourage you. But it is really really fun. And you don't have to go through crap like pledging to get into this sorority." 

"Oh, that's cool. Despite the Jenni you guys saw when I showed up in your building that day, I'm a tough little girl. I can take a little good-natured bullying. And from the newsletter and the site, it seems like a lotta fun and games. And sex." 

"And practical jokes. Just a tip: do not doze off with the girls around. They'll put shaving cream in your hands and tickle your nose." 

Jenni covered her mouth to stifle the reflexive chuckle. 

"It's not that funny when it happens to you," added the sardonically smirking Katie. 

"I dunno...replace shaving cream with whipped cream and it sounds like a 'larf and a harf.' ...But y'know what, you and I could kinda...buddy up, and conspire, if you want. Come up with ways to get even with 'em, just between us." 

"That's actually a really good idea. Being the two new chicks, they are gonna make things a little rough for us. Fun, but rough. Couldn't hurt to form an alliance. No one else has to know." 

"Ooh, nice! Our little secret. I like it!" 

"Yeah. Of course, if we do this, you know we're gonna have to commit. No really obvious winks or disproportionate attention towards each other with the ladies around. They'll catch on." 

"Concurred." Jenni reached for Katie's right hand, took it from the steering wheel, shook it, and held it for the rest of the ride. 

***** 

Cards, Flowers, Nice Figures 

Saturday, May 27th, 2017, 4:04 p.m. 

The club's wealthy heiress Madison Roschfeld would host today's meeting at her mansion. It was not her first time ever doing so, but was the first time since Katie Stephenson and Jenni Wolbert climbed aboard. They expressed verbal astonishment as they pulled up. 

"Welcome!" called Miss Roschfeld herself, approaching to greet them as the girls made way forth. "Welcome, and once more, wel-come!" She gestured them in with open arms for an introductory hug. "I am so tickled you were able to make it!" 

She gave each a kiss on the cheek and a tickle in the ribs. The charmed newbie girls chortled like tots, gladly hugging back. 

Maddie took them inside. With the arrival of Jenni and Katie, all but two members had arrived: Stella Starr and Natalie Foster. As Miss Roschfeld showed them to the drawing room, pleasantries were exchanged. Jenni remembered all the faces, but needed to re-learn the ladies' names. Natalie arrived a few moments after. And finally, at 4:11, up rolled the topless royal blue Cabriolet belonging to Miss Stella Starr. She'd intentionally arrived tardy, wanting everyone to be here first. Exiting the car, she draped a large shawl over herself. Being 2017's most beautiful day thus far, it wasn't very cold at all; Stella simply wanted a grand unveiling. 

At last, all twelve were together in the drawing room. Now that it was so, a few broke out their own offerings. Jenni re-announced that she'd gotten her job, celebrating by giving everyone a rose. Natalie presented a wrapped dish of her famous oatmeal raisin cookies. Eileen produced the DVD of a Wired Pussy movie. And pretty witty beret-topped Raina Chester enchanted the others by showing them that she'd brought a deck of racy playing cards, for today's poker game. Maddie activated her walkie-talkie, ringing a maid on duty to service, and asked her to fetch drinks. Before she departed, however, her employer made intros. 

"Miss Chartoff, I'd like you to meet: Miss Natalie...Miss Viv...Miss Peggy—" 

"Ye—uh, sorry to jump in here, but yes, that's Peg-gy," enunciated Peggy Feldman herself. "With an 'e.' Put 'Miss' in front of my name, someone invariably feels the need to ask where Kermit is, for hell's sake." 

"Indeed," Madison took back over. "You certainly know better than that, Miss Chartoff. Now then, this is Miss Stella...Miss Babette...Miss Cheri...Miss June...Miss Eileen...Miss Raina...Miss Katie...and Miss Jenni." 

Ooh, thought Jenni. I'm a "Miss," am I? She rather liked the sound of this. Especially as even this young maid looked older than she. 

"Ladies and gentlewomen, this is a fine new staple of my employ, Miss Amilia Chartoff. You may get those drinks now." 

"Of course, Madame," Amilia Chartoff curtsied in a small, shy voice. She scampered off. 

"So Stella, what's with the shawl, babe?" Eileen Hennings asked her. "I didn't think you'd be that cold outside." 

"And you'd have been correct," smiled Stella, reaching to remove it. "But another fine use for a shawl is to conceal a flashy new outfit for its reveal. I was at Tempra earlier today, girls, where I was fortunate enough to spot...this little number!" 

She whipped off the shawl. Underneath, her body was draped in a deep crimson yukata dress, printed with a silver crescent-shaped pattern. She'd indeed found and purchased it at Tempra—an Asian-flavored fashion outlet in the Juniper Mall—no more than a few hours before. The ladies "ooh"'d and "ahh"'d at it, tossing in a "what a beauty!" here and a "nice!" there. The modestly flattered Stella did a couple of twirls to boast it from all angles. Jenni asked her a question. 

"Oh, it's fabulous, Miss Starr...would it be rude of me to ask how much it cost?" 

"Oh!" Stella waved it off. "Practically nuttin', honey. Trust me...it was a steal. And please, you so can call me Stella." 

Club chairwoman Cheri Brock spoke up next. "Well. Depending on how quick we get you outta that piece, Stell—and how many of us're anywhere close to your size—I'd advise you to guard it good and close," she grinned. 

"Oh, lovely it is. But from me you're gonna have to guard those adorable shoes," commented June Walters, the feet-loving secretary. She prompted a knowing laugh from the others, as Amilia strode back in with the first tray of drinks, served, and adjourned for the rest. These six glasses were arranged in twos, Maddie explained, by what was poured in them: champagne, chardonnay, white wine. 

"Oh..." said Jenni, the only one concerned. "Uh...I...dunno if I can," she sniggered. "I'm not 21 yet." 

The women looked to one another in amusement. Peggy addressed her. 

"Well, my dear Jennifer, there're two ways of looking at this," she advised. "One of them is that though we truly do enjoy playfully torturing each other, deep down it's all out of friendship and love. We're like those Impractical Jokers fellows on TV. So being that you're amongst 'friends' here...wink wink...we won't force you to drink if you don't want to. Or don't know if you want to. 

"On the other hand, if you do want to, we won't 'narc' on you. No one here wants you to be arrested or anything. Obviously, that would be a terrible thing. Our club would only have eleven members again!" The girls laughed. "But therein lies the other way of looking at it. If you feel you're being naughty...and you like that idea...we'd be happy to keep you in our own little 'prison.' Where we could mess with you and mistreat you as seen fit." She flipped her eyebrows at Jenni. "You see?" 

Jenni chuckled nervously, seeing where Miss Feldman was going with this. It did intrigue her. Sitting at her other side, Peggy's partner in pranks Viv Odell suddenly grabbed Jenni around the middle. "RAWR!" she impishly growled. 

"AAAAHHH!" Jenni shrieked, cuing the rest of the club to burst out laughing. Feeling almost a little bad for scaring her, Viv gave her a comforting hug and kiss. Their hostess was the next to speak. 

"But for all serious, Jenni," Madison told her, "If you're leery about drinking, I'd be happy to have you brought something else. Juice, soda, tea, coffee, sparkling water, regular ol' water, whatever you like. Also, safety and sobriety first, ladies. I want you to know that there's plenty of room for every one of you to stay here and sleep it off." 

"Oh, Miss Roschfeld, that's so nice of you, and, erm..." Jenni took a breath, letting go of another chortle. 

"Actually, after that!..." she exclaimed, hurling a pointed, facetious smirk Viv's way. "...I think I could use a drink!" 

Miss Babette Essman, the club's English muffin, handed her a glass. "Bottoms up, baby bird." 

"Wh—" Jenni gasped, feigning shock. "I'm gonna get spanked already?? We just got here!" 

Another group laugh. "What a perfect fit for our little tribe, sweet baby Jen-Jen," opined June-June, to unanimous agreement. "And to think she dropped in on us that day completely by accident!" 

The other six glasses of wine arrived. Everyone now held a glass, each on her own individual path to tipsiness. Amilia curtsied once more to the group, and withdrew to perform some maintenance. Cheri sat her glass to rest. 

"Whew! Oh, my!" she giggled, already enjoying the rush. Accompanying her as with every meeting was her briefcase, inside which resided her chairwoman's necessities. Out first came the gavel. 

"Okay!" Tap tap! "Today's meeting of the C.F.N.F. Club hereby called to order. What another gorgeous, glorious day! How are we??" 

Everyone was good, said they. Some of them were great. The British lass Babette stated that she was "jolly outstanding." 

"Jolly outstanding to hear!" said Cheri. "June-bug, you're up. Last meeting's minutes, if you please?" 

June proceeded to pop open the laptop and do her thing. Jenni listened eagerly and attentively for the part when she showed up at their building. She'd meant to go to her job interview, but had gotten the address and even the date wrong. Then the ladies showed her the reason she'd been so nervous and frazzled: she was impossibly wound up and deprived of release. And in desperate need of the monstrous orgasm the girls gave her, after stripping her naked and trussing her to their table. When June reached her part, she blushed and looked down with a bashful smile. June worded it with such benevolent poignance. It made Jenni tingle in her special spots. She hugged herself with one hand and surreptitiously slipped the other between her thighs. 

"Aw, look, she's turning red," she heard Stella's syrupy voice caption. 

"Yeah, as red as that lipstick you love smearing all over our faces," Katie shot back. 

Another collective laugh. "Very good," Cheri chuckled. "Now then. Anyone have anything to build on our old business?" 

Jenni raised a hand. "Uh, well, I 'doughnut' know if this counts," she whimsically chirped, "But I kinda just want you guys to know how glad I am I met ya. If I hadn't, I gotta figure hell only knows how much crazier I would've made myself. Or how much longer I'd have gone not even knowing why." 

The club shared a few "aw"s, expressing mutual pleasure at meeting Jenni as well. Viv gave her another hug around the middle, roguishly reaching upwards to cup and squeeze her titties. This made Jenni squeal and everyone else hoot and giggle. Cheri asked once more about old business. When no one had anything further to add, she asked for new business. 

"Oh!" said Babette, reaching for the stack of papers she'd brought. "Right; Stella and I have written and printed the June newsletter." She handed out a copy to everyone. "Here're the highlights for you then, amongst all the usual goodies. First of all, if you'd like to open to page two, you'll see that since Jenni's signed up on the site, we've added her to the roster, bringing us to an even dozen. Jenni, love, you'll notice the little mini-bio we asked you to provide has been printed along with the rest of ours. You're last, but only because we go alphabetically. Not by seniority, but rather 'a' to zed." 

"Cool!" said Jenni, enjoying all this attention. "I'm...guessing 'zed' is...British for 'z'?" 

"Quite!" Babette resumed her seat. "As you see, a bit later we've got this month's club survey, and the results of last month's as well...then our personal profile and spotlight. Again, thanks to Jenni, we can now focus on a different member every month. This month, appropriately enough, the spotlight is on..." 

She waited, as just about everyone turned to the club secretary. Bab nodded. 

"...Of course, June! We do like to shuffle about who gets which month, but that's a no-brainer. Both she and Stella are June babies, and so we'll be celebrating their birthdays in the next few meetings. Talking of Stella, here next we've got her editorial column, consisting of the usual: what to expect this summer, her handpicked trends in pop culture, including of course a focus on fashion. What to wear, and what not to wear, ladies...wink wink. 

"Oh yes, and a reminder: our next two meetings will take place on the 10th and 24th. The 24th is our next video shoot. Now Jenni, me dear, on these occasions we basically hold meeting as usual, doing what we normally do—but this time we'll have a camera-lady friend of ours along. She sets up and records while we act natural: playing about, stripping and embarrassing one another, and of course our lovely group sex. Then she edits the video for us and we offer it for sale through the web site. 

"Now that being said, sometimes not all of us participate in the shoots," she quickly added, seeing Jenni grow alarmed. "If you'd like to, by all means are you welcome. But again, if you don't want to, you don't have to." 

"That's right, sweetheart," Cheri told her, as Jenni's face visibly relaxed. "Do bear in mind that the C.F.N.F. Club would never make you do anything you felt truly uncomfortable with. Excepting of course getting naked for us. And, in the event you lose whatever game we're playing, answering the door in your birthday suit when supper comes." 

Jenni gulped. 

"But you don't need to worry too much," Eileen "assured" her. "There is only a one-in-twelve chance that'll happen. Right, Katie?" 
