 Some years ago in Rhodes, I participated in a three-day seminar mounted by a big Greek company of accounting software. It was a really interesting seminar but the most interesting thing was that there I met Vivian. She was from Athens, an accountant too, tall and thin, older than me but very sweet. We felt comfort together since the very first moment. Though Vivian had a magnificent smile and used to laugh loudly, she hadn't a feminine look; she was a butch, with short black hair, rather bushy brows, a strong chin and strong arms. She didn't wear necklaces, rings, bracelets or other jewels and her nails were unpolished but, however, she looked attractive to me because of her nice figure, her big shining eyes and her unique endless humor. We spent the two nights together, the first in a nice pub and the second in a very special nightclub. So, we had all the chances to talk a lot and find out that we were both lesbians. I admit that later, as I was alone in my room, I thought of a lustful night with her but there was no time for it. It was the dawn of our third and last day in the island; our flight to Athens was about midnight. 

It was late noon (or, better, early afternoon) when the seminar came to its end and I was thinking of some fast food and some sleep, because it was almost 3.00 am when we left that nightclub last night, so I hadn't slept more than four or five hours. You can feel my surprise when I saw Vivian standing in front of the elevator bank. She hadn't gone to her room since she was still holding her paper case. She was a real butch in those khaki pants and a light blue faded man's dress shirt.

"Hi Vicky! Are you busy now?" she asked, looking straight at me and smiling. Her voice was clear and strong with just a hint of forcefulness. 

"I don't think so," I answered. "I was just thinking to eat something and take a bath and some rest because I am a bit tired. What can I do for you?"

"This is not a bad idea," she replied. "We can drop our paper cases in your room and have a quick lunch together. We can try the hotel restaurant so we won't be late."

The way she said it made me feel very vulnerable and, while I did really want to run to my bed, I felt a pressure to comply with her wishes. Before I could answer, the elevator door opened and Vivian took me by the arm and led me inside. I pushed number 6 and the elevator door slid shut and began its ascent. On the way up she was just looking at me. When we got to room 609, I opened the door and let her go in first. I was very nervous, but felt powerless to do anything about it.

"Nice view," she said as she looked out of the window. "My room looks at the back yard of the hotel, so I can see nothing interesting from there." Then she left her paper case on the table and looked over me from head to toe. I was feeling more and more self-conscious as Vivian looked at me with a critical eye for several seconds. "You know that I love brunettes," Vivian said, as she reached out and closed the door. Then, walking over me, she ran her hand up and down her arm and came so close as if trying to kiss me. 

"Do you know what I want to have for lunch?" she whispered softly. By now Vivian's hand had roamed all over her and was lightly massaging my chest. Though the previous night I had done many kinky thoughts about us, my heart was knocking so hard that I couldn't spell a word. 

"Well, honey?" she continued louder. "Can you guess what I die to eat right now?" 

"I suppose so," I replied in a hoarseness voice. Every thought about food and rest had already gone.

"You suppose so?" Vivian whispered close to my ear. "Aren't you sure that I die to eat you? I am sure that you like to have your pussy eaten, don't you?"

I could only nod yes. It was enough. Vivian made a step back and placed her hands on her waist. She wasn't smiling anymore. An authentic butch was standing there, in front of me and this made me chill from head to toes.

"So, you are going to be my fuck doll, aren't you?" she asked strictly.

"Yes!" I replied in a voice barely above a whisper. 

"Let me see your body, then!" she gave me the order to strip, knowing that she now had complete control.

I began to undress slowly. Vivian sat on the edge of the bed staring at me as my body became visible. I have a lean semi-muscular body but I wore a C-cup bra. Vivian paid special attention to my breasts as I dropped my bra on the bed. 

"Nice tits, bitch," she said. "Go on with panties." 

Finally down to just my lace panties, I slid them off and was now standing totally naked under the direct gaze of Vivian's hot stare. I have a very thick growth of curly pubic hair, but I keep it trimmed very short and neat as I spend a lot of time in a bathing suit. Because of this the lips of my pussy were easily open to observation and being put on display made a shiver run through my body. What I couldn't hide was the moisture that was building up along the slit of my pussy. Vivian reached out and ran her finger all over my now leaking slit. She sopped her finger into me and then licked the juice off

I was now getting very turned on by the light touching being administered by Vivian. Emboldened by my excitement I asked Vivian if I could see her body. She stood up and began a slow strip tease. Taking off her shirt and bra, she revealed a chest that was small but very sexy with its large dark nipples. I noticed that Vivian did not shave under her arms, and I then was not surprised to see that her legs were also unshaven. The bikini panties that Vivian wore did hardly anything to cover the thick dark growth of hair that stuck out around the legs and tops of her underwear. Exposing her crotch revealed the hairiest pussy I had ever seen! Just looking at it made my knees weaken with desire. I did want to taste that bush!

We moved together letting our tits rub. Vivian put her arms around me and gave me a deep kiss, probing my mouth with her tongue. I moaned as I was being swept away in a whirlwind of lust. She pushed me back down on the bed and started to suck my hot cunt and soon her face was shining with my love juice. Finding my clit, Vivian nibbled and sucked it like it was the last thing she would ever put into her mouth. She was fucking me with her tongue in a unique, fantastic way when I saw her hand on her crotch and two working fingers shoved into her pussy. The view of a masturbating woman and the sense of her tongue into me made me crazy. Just when I felt my orgasm building, Vivian pulled away, turned her body, straddled my face and slid her own cunt over my mouth.

"Eat me, you little cunt," she spat through clinched teeth. The aroma coming from Vivian's hairy pussy was intoxicating to say the least. My tongue slithered through the mass of curly pubic hair until it found a very erect clitoris trying to push its way through the massive bush. Vivian had a truly magnificent clit; it was much bigger than mine and than any clit I had seen in my life. My lips caressed it with tender kisses and licks. As I licked, I felt Vivian again back at my pussy. Doing a 69 was bringing both rushing to a climax. We were both groaning into the cunt of the other. It was amazing! Each of us reached our peak at exactly the same time and both pussies pulsated as sexual relief coursed through our aching cunts. Afterwards we lay in a heap on top of each other, neither one moving, just slowly inhaling the smell of drenched pussy.

Vivian was the first one to move and she got to her feet on wobbly legs. "How about a quick shower," she asked, "and then we'll have that lunch." 

"I could use one!" I answered smiling. 

"Which one?" she asked, "the lunch or the shower?"

"Both," I winked, "though..."

"Though?"

"Though I 'd like some more pussy pie as an appetizer!" I laughed.

"Here you are, babe!" Vivian replied. Then she lay supinely on the bed and pulled her knees on her chest...