 I smelt her before I ever saw here. The sweet succulent cologne she wore wafted through the air as she walked briskly past me, my backside to her, making its way into my nasal cavity causing my head to snap in her direction. "What is it?" April, the friend I was talking to asked me.

"Did you smell that?" I asked with a sense of urgency, like I was asking if she knew whether the shot that killed Kennedy came from the schoolbook depository or the grassy knoll.

"Smell what?" She responded with a questioning look in her eye.

"That woman who just walked by. Do you know her?" I asked referring to the strong sexy butch that was now standing at the bar ordering a drink. 

"Can't say that I've ever seen her before. But fuck, she's hot." April replied as her eyes examined the specimen who had introduced herself to me with her pheromones.

"You're kidding, right? You fucking know everyone, but you don't know who she is?" I was hopping April was giving me a hard time and that she in fact knew this amazing goddess and that she would introduce me to her. 

"Man, I wish I did. But you're not the only one interested." She said smiling at me. 

"I saw her first, April."

"I'm well aware that you smelled her first, but that's not what I'm talking about. She's totally checking you out." 

"What?" I gasped spinning around so quickly that I collided with the woman attempting to walk past me, spilling my drink all over her silk top. "Oh my God!" I'm so sorry." I said as I tried to recover from a very embarrassing display of grace.

"Excuse me, but I think my friend here has had enough to drink for the night." I heard the unknown songbird like alto voice say from behind me, cutting off my repeated apologies and attempts to blot the woman's blouse with my napkin. "She's very sorry about the accident, here's my card," she said reaching into her jacket pocket retrieving a business card and handing it to the stained, but very charmed woman. "Please feel free to call me about the cleaning bill. That's a magnificent blouse, I'd hate to see it spoiled by a glass of cheap red wine."

I stood motionless, as charmed as the stranger who now at least knew the name of the woman who had insulted my choice of wine. But that didn't seem to matter much; my senses had been catapulted into overdrive by her sweet aroma. This mystery butch was a divine speaker with a soothingly rich voice and a decadently packaged toned exterior. 

I didn't say another word to the woman I had spoiled with my drink, nor to April, but rather willingly allowed myself to be lead from the bar by this avenger of a goddess. "You insulted my taste in wine." I finally sputtered once we reached the street outside. 

"It was a cheap brand." She answered taking a cigarette from a slick case and lighting it. 

"How would you know?" I shot back in self-defense despite the fact that she was correct. It had been a cheap band from a bad year making it's selection all that more worse. 

"Before you emptied your you glass rather rudely on top of that poor woman, I asked the bartender what you were drinking, so that I could get you another." She replied smoothly exhaling a drag. "Your names Jackie, isn't it?" she questioned.

"Yeah, how did you know?" I asked in shock. I wasn't really upset that she had insulted my drink, I just didn't know what else to say other than I wanted to be fucked by her so bad I was already drenched in wetness. 

"Yeah, I've seen you around."

"You have?" She gave a small laugh, the surprise must have been apparent on my face. 

"Yeah, I have. So now that I have you alone, what would you like to do?" She asked with a hidden agenda in her eyes. "I suppose I should introduce myself first, I'm Ryan" she said softly shaking my outstretched hand. "Do you like Thai, there is this wonderful place near my flat we could go to. It stays open late."

"Ah, yeah I do, but." I said as ungracefully as I had moved only minutes earlier. 

"If you would rather go back inside I'd understand." She said nonchalantly. 

"No, that's not what I meant."

"Okay, then lets grab a cab. It's a bit of a walk."

My mind was sill racing as Ryan hailed a cab and opened its back door allowing me to slide in and to the other side. 

"So, what do you do?" she asked calmly as she started to undo my belt.

"Ah, I'm a teacher." I responded as I watched her unbutton my pants and slowly unzip my fly.

She looked up at me with a pleased look on her face, "Really?" she said both in response to my answer and her surprise with the lack of underwear beneath my jeans. "How long have you been teaching," she continued as she slid her middle finger over my blood filled clit.

"Oh...about five years now." I said trying not to reveal to the driver that I was about to be fucked in his backseat.

"Do you like it?" she asked, her play on words perfect. She didn't care if I liked teaching, she wanted to know id I liked what she was doing to my body.

"Yeah...Yeah I like it a lot." I answered lowering my body down into the seat slightly so that her angle on my clit would be better. 

"How did you get into it?"

"Ah..." I moaned as she teased my already throbbing cunt. "I met this woman who got me out of a jam and introduced me to the joys of education."

"Don't you think that the joys of education are underrated?" she asked still teasing my clit.

"Yes, yes I do. I love to be educated in new and exciting ways."

"So you appreciate new experiences and encounters?" she asked as she tapped my hole with her fingers. I could hear the sound of my cunt every time she removed her fingers from its sticky wetness.

"Yes, I enjoy being educated."

"Good, I enjoy educating."

I was on the verge of orgasm. My entire body was quivering with her every touch. She was fucking my mind and my body, her sent holding my senses captive. 

"That will be twenty-five bucks lady." Came the voice of the cabbie as he parked the car along side the curb. Ryan removed her hand from my pants and handed over thirty dollars to the driver with her dry hand, as I quickly buttoned my pants.

As we got out of the cab I looked up and down the street but didn't see any restaurants. "So where's your place?" I asked, my cunt still throbbing.

"It's right up stairs." She responded taking out her keys. "What do you say we work up a good appetite? The place is a twenty-four hour joint." 

I followed Ryan into her flat, "Would you like something to drink?" she asked locking the door behind us.

"No thank you." I said looking around her beautifully decorated residence. Her bed was situated in the rear of the oversized room, opposite the door.

"Would you like me to finish what I started?" She quizzed wrapping her hands around my waist and quickly undoing my pants, pulling them down around my ankles. 

"Yes." I answered taking a deep breath as she stood back up pushing me over the back of the couch and kicking my legs apart as wide as they would go.

"I love fucking other butches." She said unzipping her blue jeans. "It's hot. Like gay male sex."

I turned my head and saw that Ryan had been packing, wearing a strap-on the entire night. She reached over to the end table and opened the top drawer removing a package condom.

"Do you like it in the ass?" she asked as she carefully slipped the rubber over her boi cock.

"Yes." I replied, taking another deep breath. My cunt was pounding. As much as it excited me to be fucked in the ass, I wanted her to fuck my cunt from behind.

She reached back over to the drawer and removed a bottle lube, soaking her cock with it, then set the bottle on the tabletop. She put her left hand on my shoulder and guided her cock with her right, teasing my ass hole with its tip. 

It was cold and wet; my cunt was now ripping. I could feel my cum slowly escape its origins and make its way down the inside of my leg. Ryan slowly and gently moved the head of her cock directly inline with my hole, wetting it with the lube.

"You're too tight," she whispered, "relax, its not as big as it looks."

As I started to laugh she pushed her cock inside of me, pulling my body towards her with her left hand resting on my shoulder.

"Oh Fuck! Oh God!" I cried out in pain, throwing my back into an arch. Ryan pushed me back over the side of the couch, forcing my body back towards hers again.

"Open your legs further." She ordered as she found her rhythm inside of me. I did as I was told and opened my legs, relaxing my ass and allowing Ryan to enter me farther and quicken her pace. "Do you like that?" she moaned placing her free hand on my clit, stroking it hard and fast. 

"Yeah...Yeah...oh-my-God...yeah...fuck-me-harder." I said in broken words as she forced herself deeper and harder into me allowing the entire shaft of her cock into my wide-open hole.

Her rhythm was perfect, cock and hand working as one. It didn't take long for me to ejaculate all over her hand on my clit. My knees started to give out as the near convolutions of my rgasm neared. Ryan held me over the couch pushing my torso steady onto the back cushions, refusing to pull out of me. She wasn't done; she wasn't going to let me stop at one orgasm. 

She kept fucking me, the sweat from her drenched hair falling on to my bare ass. She grunted and groaned with each forceful thrust, pulling my ass into her crotch. 

"Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah." She yelled as she began to cum. "Yeah, you like it in the ass don't you?" she demanded to know. "Tell me you like being fucked like a fag."

I came again as I gave the answer she wanted to hear, "I like being fucked like a fag."

"You like my cock inside you?"

"I like your cock in...-side of me." I replied as she pushed harder and closer. I could feel the sweaty leather of her harness on my ass with each thrust and pull. 

"You want me to cum inside you?" The mere possibility was a turn on. "You want me to fuck you in your cunt?" she yelled.

"Yes." I moaned.

She pulled out of me quickly. "Take off the condom." She ordered as she removed a new one from the drawer. I turned around quickly pulled the spoiled one off her eight inch cock and replaced it with the one she handed me. Once it was on she spun me back around forcing my upper body over the couch once more. 

She wasted no time ramming her huge cock into my saturated vortex. I came for a fifth time the minute it entered my throbbing cunt.

She fucked me again and again, over the side of the couch, against the wall wrapped around her waist, on her bed my legs in the air and on my back for hours until my whole body was drenched with sweat and ached from fucking. 

I fell asleep on her bed and woke the next morning to find Ryan laying on her back, still wearing her strap-on, cock erect. I replaced the condom from the night before with a new one, without waking her. Then straddled her and leaned down giving her a kiss. When she woke she smiled at me, grabbed my thighs tightly and started fucking me while I was kneeling over her waist.