 The next morning as I was catching up on email, Krista called me at work. She asked how I'd slept and I told her soundly, but that I had been lonely without her. I asked about her night and whether her roommate had any reaction to our activities. Krista assured me that she had and asked if we could take a walk at lunchtime so she could tell me all about it. I thought that sounded fine so we made plans to meet.

Krista's office is right across the street from mine and there is a park two blocks away. We met outside at lunchtime and started walking in the direction of the park. I was pleased when she took my hand in hers as we walked. She started telling me what had happened after I'd left. Her roommate, obviously knowing something sexual had happened, had insisted she dish. Her eyes got wide and her mouth fell open as Krista revealed she'd just been fucked in the ass for the first time and she'd loved it. She started at the beginning and gave Katy a very detailed account of her trip to Alamosa. 

By the time she got to losing her anal cherry just a short time earlier in her bedroom, she had her robe open and was playing with her pussy. Katy wasn't put off by it, though, because she had one hand down her shorts and the other under her shirt. When Katy moaned that she wished it had been her, Krista had asked which one: the one getting fucked in the ass or the one fucking her in the ass? Katy said either one because she was so damn horny. Neither of them had cum yet, so Krista told her not to move and ran to her room for the baby oil. Setting it on the coffee table, she let her robe drop to the floor. She then grabbed Katy's shorts and pulled them off, along with her panties, exposing a reddish-blonde bush and a dripping wet slit. 

Katy, meanwhile, had pulled her shirt off and was slipping out of her bra. The fact that nothing like this had even been remotely suggested between them before, much less actually happened, didn't slow them down one bit. Krista had Katy get in position on the couch with her ass high in the air. Taking her cue from me, she started by running her tongue up and down between Katy's cheeks and pressing it against her anus. Katy was already moaning out loud when Krista dribbled a little baby oil, letting it run down the crack of her ass. Krista spread the baby oil around, coating her finger at the same time, then gently invaded Katy. Katy was moaning loudly and pushing her ass backward while Krista slowly slid her finger in and out. 

With her free hand, Krista reached under Katy and found her dripping pussy. She focused her efforts on Katy despite the attention her own pussy needed. She stroked Katy's clit as she continued to move her finger in and out of Katy's ass. After a few minutes, and without stopping her ass probing, Krista was able to reposition herself on her back on the couch with her face just below Katy's pussy. Katy moaned louder as Krista began licking and sucking on her clit. Reaching over her head slightly, Krista was able to find Katy's hardened nipples and stimulate them as well. Krista's own nipples were as hard as little pebbles while her pussy was crying out for some kind of attention. 

Luckily for Krista, Katy was feeling generous. She pulled away from Krista just long enough to position herself in a 69. She attacked Krista's stubbly slit, lapping up the flowing juices, and licked and sucked her achingly hard clit. Krista immediately returned the favor while also returning her finger to Katy's ass. Katy found Krista's ass still slippery from the baby oil we had used and my cum which had been slowly leaking out, so she slid her own finger into her roommate. The two moaned, cried and whimpered until they both exploded into long, intense orgasms at each other's hands. After recovering and untangling themselves, they sat on the couch making out, playing with each other's tits and talking until Krista finally had to get to bed due to utter exhaustion.

Krista continued with her story, picking up just hours ago when she'd awakened feeling somewhat more rested and had hopped in the shower. As she was finishing rinsing the conditioner from her hair, she felt a slight breeze and opened her eyes to find Katy climbing into the shower with her. Krista took a moment to admire Katy's thin, fair-skinned body, her pert tits and reddish-blonde bush before they started making out and feeling each other up. Unfortunately, they were in the same situation she and I had been in when we'd showered together – they had to be careful not to be late for work. Krista washed Katy's hair for her, then they soaped each other up and rinsed each other off. 

Katy offered to shave the stubble from Krista's pussy, but Krista said she'd already promised to let me do it. Krista said they must have been quite a sight once they'd dried off: naked but for the towels they both wore on their heads, Krista knelt on the floor as Katy leaned back against the sink in the bathroom. Using her fingers and her tongue, she brought Katy to a quick and thoroughly satisfying orgasm before standing and bending over the sink herself. Katy got behind her and gave her a quick rim-job before going to town on her stubbly pussy. Krista came pretty quickly herself and, after a quick kiss, tasting each other's juices mingling together, they went ahead and got ready for work. They shared another quick kiss before they left the apartment, then both headed out on their respective commutes.

I was pitching a tent in my Dockers at this point, so it was good that we'd arrived at a pretty remote part of the park. I sat on a park bench that gave a good view in all directions so we'd see if anyone was approaching us. Krista stood before me and I reached up under her long skirt, grasped her panties (after feeling the soaking wet crotch) and yanked them down. As she straddled me and adjusted her skirt, I was freeing my engorged tool from its confines. Krista grasped me and lowered herself down, engulfing my cock in the moist heat of her pussy. 

She rocked herself gently in my lap so as not to draw too much attention to us as I slid my hands up under her shirt and hefted her big tits. I was raising my hips up to meet her downward movement and playing with her hard nipples simultaneously. Her riding was increasing in pace along with her breathing and the soft moans she was making. I moved my hands down from her tits to her bare ass beneath her skirt. I pulled her down hard on my cock as I raised up to slam into her pussy. I felt my orgasm coming on just before I felt the convulsing within her pussy as she started her own. I followed directly on her heels and started cumming before she'd finished, filling her with my juices.

She rested on my lap for a few minutes before we got ourselves together. Looking around, it didn't appear that we'd attracted any attention. I tucked myself away and zipped up as she discreetly pulled her panties back on. As we walked back through the park, she asked me what my plans were for the weekend. I told her I certainly hoped to spend it with her, pointing out that her pussy was in need of a shave if nothing else. She asked if, since she had denied Katy's request to shave her pussy, was it possible that I might be willing to do something for Katy to help her make up for it. Since Katy was cute, had a nice figure and was now a bisexual, I didn't think there was anything I wouldn't be willing to do for her.

Then Krista asked if I would mind fucking Katy in the ass for the first time...