 I was surprised when Lady Jennifer said I was to accompany them when they went to take Captain Sue and the Admiral to the ship. I'd never even seen a real ship, just the pictures in Captain Sue's den.

After the tour of the ship, as we stood by the stairs from the dock (called the gangway) I couldn't believe it when Lady Jennifer gave me to Admiral Beautiful. The driver, Alicia, brought up a canvas travel bag, which Captain Sue told a nearby sailor to take to the Admiral's cabin.

My Lady kissed the Admiral on the cheek. Then she wrapped her arms around me and gave me a very warm kiss. "I'll miss you darling. Now be a good girl and look after your Admiral."

I almost cried I was so deliriously happy. "Thank you lady Jennifer, thank you, thank you!"

The Admiral took me to her cabin and showed me where to put the clothes Lady Jennifer sent, then we went up a deck to Angela Merkel's bridge.

The bridge windows spanned the whole width of the ship. At the back of the bridge was a couch, raised up on a platform, between two doors. One led to Captain Sue's cabin, the other to the Admiral's office.

"Close the door Dear, and come sit." We sat on a couch under the big windows across the back (stern) of the ship, called 'opening ports'. So many new names to learn.

"Now, Tina, unless we're alone here or in my cabin, we will not touch each other. No holding hands. You will stay one step behind me to my left. I will address you as 'Boy' or 'Cabin Boy'. You will address me as Admiral."

As she spoke she went to a bookshelf with a bar across the front. She selected a thin book and handed it to me. "Read this, it'll explain everything. I've some work to do." She sat at her desk and started her computer. I sat and read 'Cabin Boy: Rules and Duties.'

After a time she turned from her work. "Finished reading?"

Embarrassed I shook my head 'no.'

She came over and sat beside me. "You're only half way through?"

"I'm sorry, in school I was in the 'servant' stream. I only learned basic reading and arithmetic. I'm sorry, I'm sorry." I was sure she'd be disappointed in me.

"Oh,here, Give me the book. How about I read it to you?" She put an arm over my shoulder. The rest of the afternoon was pure bliss. Snuggled under my big strong beautiful Admiral's arm as she read to me and questioned me after each chapter to make sure I understood.

There came a knock at the door. Admiral Julie took her arm away and moved over a bit. "Come."

A pretty sailor with oriental features said. "Captain's compliments Admiral. Supper will be served in the Officer's Mess in half an hour.

"Thank you Ms Lang."

When not helping serve I stood behind Admiral Julie's chair until dessert was served, then went to the galley with Mai (Ms Lang) and had my supper with her, the chef, Ms La Belle (Marie) and her helper, Donna. They were all so nice. I learned lots of things that weren't in the book.

Chef saw the surprised look when a foot slid up between my legs. "Donna, behave. Don't mind her. Donna is a horny little flirt. She belongs to me, and I don't share." She laughed and Donna gave her a warm smile.

As soon as I closed the door to Admiral Sexy's cabin she spun me around and pinned my back to the door and started kissing and molesting me. We were soon in her bunk, laying on our sides and sixty nine eating each other.

She turned her head as I kissed and licked. Her fingers kept pumping my cunt. "Sweetheart, cum for me."

Goddess, I exploded. Julie kept fingering and licking, kissing and sucking. She kept me 'there' for who knows how long.

As we cuddled later I realized she let me cum before I'd satisfied her. I ask you, can an owner ever show more love?

The next morning after I finished my chores we took a taxi to a uniform shop and She bought me some sailor uniforms. The warm weather uniform was a 'T' shirt with wide white and blue horizontal stripes, the company crest on the back, and my name embroidered in the front. The skirt was full, and came to just below my knees. There was a sort of scarf, dark blue like the skirt, which could be tied in a bow around my neck, or around my head to hold my hair up when I was cleaning. There were tan flat deck shoes.

The lady said they'd deliver everything except for what I was wearing to the ship before sixteen hundred (ship talk for four O'clock).

I felt like a real sailor as I followed the Admiral up the gangway, even if I really wasn't one.

When we got back to her cabin after supper she turned and stroked my cheek. "I won't have much time for you this evening Sweetie. High tide is at twenty two thirty, and that's when we'll set sail so the ebbing flow will speed 'Angela' out through the narrows to the sea. You can stay here if you want, or if you come to the bridge at twenty two hundred you can sit at the back of the bridge and watch as we get underway. You must sit very quietly and not ask any questions. Understand?"

"Yes Mam!" I gave her a salute. "I'll be on time and quiet as a mouse."

She chuckled, gave me a peck in the cheek and left.

I saw why the couch along the back wall was raised up. I sat there beside Admiral Julie. We could see everything happening on the bridge, and out the windows, the whole ship was before us.

"Admiral, everything is ready, and it's time."

"Very good Captain. Please continue. Take us to sea."

A flurry of orders I'd later ask what they meant. A thrumming sound. The jetty moved away. The lights ashore slid around. Red and green lights winked at Angela Merkel. One by one white sails appeared along the length of the ship. The sound of the drive motors cut off. Soon there was nothing ahead but black sea and a starry sky. Angel settled into a long dignified stride. Conversation on the bridge was subdued as if no one wanted to disturb the magic. Whoosh...Whoosh...Whoosh. The seas rolled by.

I remember the first time Lady Jennifer took me, as we cuddled in her bed she told me she is never jealous of the ship because way before they were married she realized a sailor's first love is always the sea.

When we got back to the cabin it was way past midnight. 

"Looks like my little Tina is all worn out. Go get ready for bed Sweetie."

When I returned from the head she was sitting on my little bunk across the cabin from her big one. She patted the mattress beside where she sat. "The first night at sea I'm always too excited to sleep well. I'll be up and down all night, so I want you to sleep in your bunk so I don't disturb you."

I started to protest. 

"No, Baby, I still love you, but you need your sleep. Hop in and I'll tuck you in."

She pulled the blanket up to my chin, kissed me, then sat there telling me about the ships she'd sailed and the places she'd been. When I opened my eyes later she was gone. next time I woke she was stroking my cheek. "Wake up sleepyhead. Admiral needs her breakfast."

I soon settled into the routine. Awake at oh five hundred. Use the head and get dressed. Go to the galley and fetch a tray with a carafe of coffee, mugs, milk and sugar and two bowls of cereal. After breakfast Admiral Julie would go to her office. I'd do the housework in her cabin. Mai would bring the clean laundry and take the dirty.

Three mornings a week the purser, Ms Towle, gave me reading and math lessons. At twelve hundred I'd take our lunch to the Admiral's office. After lunch I had no duties until seventeen hundred so I'd do my homework either in her cabin, or on the couch on the bridge. Some days Mai, Donna, Marie and I'd have coffee in the galley between their prep time and when they started cooking supper.

Eighteen hundred was supper. We'd either eat in her cabin, or go to the officer's mess like my first night aboard.

Evenings varied. I rarely slept in my bunk. I lived to please my big, beautiful, strong, kind Admiral. She returned my love tenfold.

One morning Angela's motion felt different. As the day went on it got more lively. I sat on the bridge. The sails were smaller, close reefed, and the seas were a lot bigger with white streaks across them. The crew on deck wore coats and safety harnesses. Every so often a wave would sweep the deck. Captain Sue sat beside me on the raised couch and put a hand on my shoulder. "Your first storm at sea. Nothing to worry about, Tina. Angela will look after us, we've lots of sea room, and the storm will be over in less than twenty four hours."

The storm excited Admiral Julie. She made savage love to me that night, throwing me down on her bunk and pulling off my panties without removing my skirt. One strong hand held both my wrists above my head as the other hand was at my pussy. One, two fingers, then her whole hand stretching my cunt to it's limit. She pumped and moaned in my ear.

"Feel it. Feel the sea, the great goddess. Feel Her power. Embrace Her power."

She slid up to the head of the bunk, grabbed a handful of my hair and tugged me down between her legs. "Eat me Darling. Eat me! Worship the Sea Goddess!"

I got caught in the frenzy. We made wild love, fucking each other like it was the end of the world. It wasn't romantic. It was rough animal lust, and so sexy. We eventually passed out.

By morning the storm was weakening. By evening there was almost no breeze and we were motor sailing.

The weather gradually got colder.

"There are candles in that locker. Set two on the table and go fetch our supper."

When I returned Julie wasn't in her uniform. She wore the pink sundress she wore the day we went for the carriage ride around the estate. She even wore makeup, earrings and a bracelet too.

"Change into something sexy Sweetheart."

Lady Jennifer had sent my little black velvet dress. I did my face and put on the ruby earrings and silver chain necklace with the ruby heart pendant My Lady gave me one Christmas.

There was soft music. Admiral Dear had lit the candles and held my chair as I sat. She poured ginger ale into champagne flutes (all ships in the fleet are dry ships).

This little slave girl felt like a princess as my big beautiful strong gorgeous Admiral wined and dined me.

"Would My Lady care too dance?"

"Why, yes, Admiral."

So strong and gentle. I laid my cheek against her generous bosom as she glided me around the cabin. Somehow my dress fell off. She scooped me up and laid me on the padded bench under the stern windows. There was moonlight. There were stars. There was the gentle motion of the ship. There was the Admiral's sweet kisses. There were fingers walking, stroking and touching all over my body. There were fingers inside my pussy. There were lips. There was a tongue.

She took me to the edge. Once, twice, three times. I lost count.

She stood up, and with a loving smile, peeled off her sundress. She stood there in the moon light. Her diamonds sparkled. I licked my lips.

"Sit on my face? Please, Julie."

She was ready. I barely started to lick when she moaned. I looked up past her flat tummy, her swaying boobs to her smiling face an half closed eyes. I gripped her tush and kissed sucked and licked.

Soon she was making those beautiful moaning, humming, gasping sounds she makes when she cums.

She floated off my face. She kissed my forehead, my nose, then her mouth covered mine. I opened my kips so we could share the taste. Her fingers were inside me. They were tickling my clit.

"Cum for me, Baby."

The hint of a memory of her carrying me to her bunk and swaddling us in her big soft blanket.

The next few days she had lots of work to do. Lunch was eaten quickly. She had meetings with the ship's officers. Something was afoot.

As we cuddled in bed she told me. "Tomorrow we'll make landfall at our first destination. A pilot will come aboard to take us into harbour. It will most likely be a man. Have you ever seen a man?"

"Well, not in real life. One of the girls at school had a magazine with pictures of naked men. She got a whipping when Matron found out about it." I blushed.

"Well, maybe you better wait in our cabin until I call you then."

Did she say 'our cabin'?

The little boat with the orange cabin and 'PILOT" in big letters came out to Angela. I went below. We were soon in port.

"Cabin boy to the bridge." said the speaker by the door.

I sat between Admiral Julie and Captain Sue watching cranes on the quay lift containers out of Angela's holds, then replace them with others. So much organized chaos.

Captain Sue pointed to a pair of sailors calling down to men on shore. "See that."

Ms Edwards, the ship's engineer, who was supervising things with a hand held VHF radio turned and looked up at us. "Shall I do something about them Mam?"

"Oh no Karen, I just thought it was entertaining to watch. I sometimes wonder what they'd do if allowed ashore."

"Huh." said the ensign standing by the control panel. She must have realized she'd said that out loud. She studied her panel intently as she blushed.

Soon it was time to sail. I went back to 'our' cabin.

Mai told me we were going to have a VIP guest aboard for the voyage home, because she'd been told to clean the VIP suite and fresh flowers were brought aboard for it.

My Admiral said we were to wear our dress uniforms to dinner. I was looking forward

to a chance to wear my dress uniform. A snug French blue pencil skirt that came several fingers above my knees, with a wide silver belt and a big silver buckle. A matching three button waist coat, and a white high collar long sleeve blouse with a dark blue tie. Julie said I could wear lipstick and gave me diamond stud earrings to wear.

She of course looked magnificent. I helped her pin her hair up in an elegant swirl. Mm, that smooth ivory neck. Yum!

As I served my Admiral I fantasized about sliding under the table and eating her as the meal went on above me. Naughty Tina!

In the galley I told the girls that I recognized the guest. She was the first guest at Oak Park I was given to as a pleasure slave. I'm sure she doesn't remember me.

The girls were asking me about that part of my life when My Admiral knocked on the door jam. "Ladies, good evening. May I have my Cabin Boy back?"

I swear even Marie giggled and blushed.

Admiral Julie pulled me up to walk beside her. Her hand was guiding on the small of my back. As soon as the cabin door was shut she said, "Will you undress me, Tina my love?"

In response I reached up and wrapped my arms around her neck. We kissed long slow and gently. 

I moved behind her and lifted her jacket off her shoulders. I kissed her neck, then pulled the jacket down and lay it over the back of a chair.

I undid her tie and nuzzled her neck, breathing in her perfume.

I undid the buttons of her blouse, and as I did, kissed my way down.

I lifted her left hand and sucked each beautiful finger, then removed her cuff link. Then repeated with her right hand.

Again behind her back I pulled the tails of her blouse out and slid it off, kissing between her shoulder blades, then the small of her back. I tossed the blouse over her jacket.

I unclipped her bra and threw it at the chair. I kissed, licked and sucked each hard nipple.

Sliding a hand down under her skirt I stroked her lace thong. She opened her mouth and took in a deep breath, then slowly moaned it out as I stroked.

I undid her belt buckle and slid down the zipper. Her skirt fell. I hooked my thumbs on the elastic of her thong and slid it down. Then taking both her hands I walked her to her bunk and sat her on it's edge.

On my knees I lifted each foot, and with lots of kissing and stroking removed her shoes and rolled her stockings down and off.

I gave her puss a kiss and a long slow lick then stood.

I tossed my jacket over hers, unbuttoned my blouse, untied my tie, then, pulling the tails out from my skirt opened the front and spread it like a curtain to display my lace bra and titties for her viewing pleasure. My half cup bra held out my nipples achingly hard and erect.

She licked her lips. I dropped my skirt. I could see she was impressed by my panties. I didn't wear any.

I sat across from her and slowly sensually, with lots of stroking removed one shoe and one stocking at a time. I was so turned on.

I lifted her long smooth legs onto her bunk and spread them apart.

"Let me be my Sexy Admiral's sex slave. Lay back Darling and let me take you to heaven."

I rubbed my nose in it, breathing her scent deeply. The perfume of her excitement was intoxicating.

I knew how. I took her to the edge with my fingers, tongue, and imagination several times, but not all the way. I kept her on the edge. She was flowing. I lapped up her love juice..

Then I took her to liftoff. To fly. To go away from the mundane. I kept her flying. Her excitement and cunt honey were everything I needed. Oh my love.

She grabbed my arms and pulled me up. She kissed me so tenderly. Her fingers were in my cunt. There was an electric flash from my pussy to my brain.

"Cum for me. Cum please Darling."

I lost it! Time, place, everything except Julie's loving touch.

We lay entwined. Angela Merkel made her soft sailing noises and the sea whooshed along her hull as she strolled the long peaks and valleys of the ocean towards the next port.