 Name: Rebeca 2671

Status: born slave

Designation: domestic

Height: 158cm

Hair: brown

Eyes: grey

Age of submission: yes

Markings *recommended*

Tattoos: no

Brands: no

Skills- Reading: yes

Writing: yes

Math: basic

Other skills (use separate page if needed): no

Owner: Oak Park Corporation

That's me. I think I'm about fifty years old. I'm one of Lady Jennifer Parkwood's 'Sweethearts' as she calls her personal household slaves. There are seven of us. I'm the leader so to speak. I'm the oldest. Vivian is the youngest. She came from the breeding home when she didn't conceive.

I wake up to the gentle music from my clock radio. Robin is curled around my right arm. I asked her to bed last night. Captain Sue, Jen's wife is home from the sea and they'll want to be alone for a few nights. She won't need me and I was feeling a bit needy.

"You were very good last night Robin Sweetie, now scoot along. I'll see you in the cafeteria." We kiss and she goes.

So, how did I get so lucky to become Lady Jennifer's?

Since I showed no aptitude for advanced skills the school sent me to the twelve year old auction. I was bought by a restaurant.

It was mind numbing work, even for a dummy like me. Wash the floors and counters. Wash the dishes and shine the silver. Repeat all day long. And the head chef was an absolute bitch. One little mark on the bottom of a pot and she's call us all to her and start screaming.

"Look at this you stupid cunts. It's filthy!"

Then she's pick one of us at random.

"Yvonne, that one, five. The rest of you, straighten up your uniforms and go watch."

We'd parade out to the dining room and line up along the wall so as not to block the patrons' view. Then the victim would bend over a bar stool and little miss fucking Chef's whore Yvonne would pull down her panties, then retrieve her ash switch from it's display over the bar and beat tonight's example. Heaven help her if she didn't scream or cry out loud enough.

I think I was there a couple of years. Then one day there were several strangers standing over by the coolers. We were all lined up. Chef pointed. "Her, her, and mm, yes, that one."

Yvonne ordered the three of us to strip, the strangers stepped forward and put steel collars on us and we were taken to an auction.

I was bought and served first on the cleaning staff, then the wait staff of Baroness Attley.

What a change that was! Hardly ever any beatings. We slept in bedrooms, four beds to a room until our 'age of submission'. No more mats on the floor of cages in a cold cellar. We ate fresh food in a cafeteria, not leftovers from a bowl in our cages. I didn't think life could get any better.

When one of us reached our age of submission the Baroness would put on a party for all the staff, then, as was her right, take the guest of honor to her suite for the night.

Mine was magic. At noon the government doctor came and gave me a physical (mostly to make sure I was still a virgin), then two of the older girls dressed me in a beautiful white gown, and did my makeup.

I sat with the baroness at the head table, then after the meal, when the dance started, my two escorts took me and dressed me in a white ankle length sleeveless nightie, then led me to the private rooms of the Baroness. She stood up as I was escorted in. Her pet, who never associated with the rest of us, and was only ever called 'Pet', stood and followed behind her. The Baroness smiled and took my hand. My escort took Pet's leash and left.

"Come Dear, lets sit." She was wearing a floor sweeping white dressing gown that was all folds and frills and lace. Fabulously elegant.

"Rebeca, don't be afraid. This is your special night Dear."

She kissed me. A soft gentle kiss. She stroked my cheek with her thumb. "Such a pretty girl." She stroked my hair. We kissed some more. She stroked my arm. "Let me show you my bedroom. Come."

I'd never seen such a sumptuous room. Deep soft carpets, oil paintings, floor to ceiling drapes. The eye was drawn to her big canopy bed, with what I guessed was Pet's low single bed across it's foot.

The bed's down comforters were turned back, ready. She led me to it, then stroked my nightie off my shoulders. It floated to the floor.

"Such a beautiful girl. Don't ever be ashamed of your body Rebeca. Now, climb into bed and we can cuddle."

She opened her robe, then tossed it aside. I looked up at her beautiful middle age body. All soft and curvy. I'd never seen an 'older' woman naked before. She was probably only in her late forties, but I was so young.

What I was drawn to though was the long pink shaft sticking out between her legs. The older girls had been teasing me for a while about tonight but never answered my questions. Just giggled. "You'll see." Was this the 'rubber lover' they teased me about? 

She slid into bed beside me. "Is this the first strap on cock you've seen?"

I nodded.

"Don't be afraid, Dear, we don't have to rush. We've got all night."

We kissed as she gently pushed me back down on the soft bed.

"You're my Princess tonight. I'm going to take you where you've never been."

We kissed some more as we lay side by side.

"Now, open your mouth." Her tongue slipped between my lips. "There. That was nice, wasn't it. Now you kiss ME that way."

It was nice. Why had I never been kissed like that before?

Her hand slipped down and she gently cupped my boobs. "So very pretty Princess."

Her hand moved gently lower. She gently stroked me where we were told at school we must never touch. She saw the look of fear on my face. Confusion.

"It's OK Dear. You're a grown up now. It's allowed." We kissed some more.

The Baroness picked a bottle of something from the bedside table. She dribbled a dollop of the thick liquid onto her palm, then began smoothing it along my pussy.

I was getting funny tingly feelings down there. She spread my knees apart and climbed between them.

"Now Princess, we'll go nice and slow. No need to rush. It might hurt a bit at first, but you'll see how wonderful it is."

She stroked another palm-full of the liquid along her pink shaft. She leaned forward, supporting herself over me with one hand beside my shoulder and the other hand rubbing between my legs. A finger slid into my pussy. "Gasp!"

"There Dear, that feels nice. Doesn't it?"

A new sensation. A very nice new sensation.

"Now relax. I'm going to take you. Just relax, I'll go slow."

She guide it in. There was a momentary pain. Then! Oh my, it slid in all the way. She almost pulled right out, then in again. She pumped it in and out. My vision went all funny.

Then she was cuddling me.

"Princess. You are amazing. You're a natural. An orgasm your first time! Only a few are that lucky. You are so special."

She showed me several ways of pleasing myself and her before we fell asleep.

When I woke up in the morning she explained that she would never have me again, and I must always behave with proper decorum.

It was the only time the Baroness would be intimate with a slave. She was always kind though. Please and Thank You. A warm smile, and sometimes a pat on the hand or a stroke along an arm. At Christmas an individually chosen gift for everyone. What a lovely lady.

Then one day, I think I was about thirty years old, I was summoned to her den. There were two other ladies about her age there too.

"Rebeca, this is Lady Joan Parkwood, and her wife, my cousin Ms. Elizabeth. They want to ask you some questions. You are not in any trouble. Just answer them truthfully. OK, I'll leave you ladies alone."

"Have a seat Dear."

They asked all sorts of questions, but in such a way I was completely relaxed. Some seemed to be different wording of the same question. None seemed to be tricks to trap me.

"Alright Dear, wait outside."

Before I could decide whether I'd be allowed to sit on the hall chair they came out. "Come."

We found my Mistress reading in the yellow salon.

"We think she'll be just what we're looking for, Irma,"

"Wonderful, in that case I'll gift her to you. Take her today and I'll have me lawyer send the papers sent by courier."

I was shocked. My legs were shaking.

"Rebeca, go get a bag from Gail, then pack your belongings. You may wear the clothes you have on, then come back here."

When I returned, still in shock she wrapped me in her arms. "Now Rebeca, you've been wonderful here. This is by no means punishment. I'll miss you, but I know you'll do your very best to please Ms Elizabeth and Lady Joan. Now, give me a kiss and off you go."

They had a big silver car. I rode up front with their driver, Doris. There was a smoked glass partition behind our heads. I hadn't been off the chateau's grounds for years, let alone in a big fancy car. It was a long drive, and well after dark when we arrived at my new home.

"Sit still Rebeca." We pulled up to the grand entrance. Two maids rushed out and opened the back doors for the ladies. Doris drove us around to a garage, then took me to a cafeteria for supper.

After we ate she took me to Alice, the head slave.

"You will sleep here in my room tonight. That cot over there. We'll sort you out tomorrow. It's bed time now."

Next day a little cutie named Robin was assigned to show me around. Yes, the same Robin. Remember this was years and years ago. She was just a few years out of school, and everyone's little sister. 

The quarters here were two to a room. When I asked Robin about my room she just giggled. "It's a secret, I can't tell you."

Anyway, we all had an early supper because we were serving at a party for someone named 'Miss Jennifer". Except I was sent to Alice's room and told to shower and wait there.

Finally Alice, with a white dress over her arm, and Robin, carrying a basket with some things in it and wearing a cute little pink and white lace dress came for me. I put on the dress Alice brought. It was very 'Oh La La' with a strap that went behind my neck, backless, and has a deep V front of the the softest folds that gathered at my waist then flared out to just above my knees. From the basket they gave me soft white leather slippers, and a wide white collar with a long narrow white leash that they secured around my throat.

We went to the side door of the ball room. On the stage were Ms. Elizabeth and Lady Joan with a tall beautiful young lady. There was a banner hanging behind them. "Congratulations Jennifer."

She had long blond hair in an elegant do. Her royal blue floor sweeping gown had a gold toe shoe sticking out which balanced her gold jewelry. Did I mention how beautiful she was?

"Smile girls, Follow Robin. OK Robin, go."

She led me onto the stage and we stood between the older ladies and the young one.

Ms. Elizabeth held a mic. "Alice, will you bring everyone out?" All he staff came out and lined up along the wall. "Ladies, this sweetie in pink is Robin. She has a special presentation to make." She handed the mic to Robin.

"Miss Jennifer. We the staff wanted to get you a special gift to honor your graduation. We thought long and hard. What could we give you that you didn't already have?

Well, here she is. Your very first personal slave, Rebeca."

Everyone clapped and clapped. Ms. Jennifer put her hand to her mouth, then with a sweeping motion towards the lined up staff said, "Thank you, thank you Darlings."

Lady Joan took the mic. "At the risk of embarrassing her, when your Aunt Irma heard what our wonderful staff wanted to give you, and what their budget was, she donated Rebeca and refused payment." Another round of applause.

Ms. Jennifer took my leash, gave Robin a kiss, then led me down off the stage. She thanked and kissed each of the staff. They each hugged me and welcomed me to Oak Park. I don't know who was happiest.

After the party, I found I had a room with a bath right down the hall from Ms. Jennifer's. That was the last time I was collared and leashed. She was so nice to serve. She knew exactly what she wanted and how she wanted it done, and would explain it to me very precisely without being bossy. That made learning her ways so easy.

One night after a few weeks, when I'd brushed her hair an turned back her bed she sat on it's edge and patted the mattress beside herself. "Come. Sit here."

I was wearing my cotton grey uniform dress of course. She was wearing a red silk peignoir. Very sexy if I may say so.

"Rebeca, I'm going to keep you. Not just because you're a gift, but because I've grown to like you. A lot. Now, if anyone is around I expect proper decorum, which you've always displayed wonderfully. When we're alone though, I'll call you Becky, and you may call me Jen. OK?"

As she talked her hand had slid my dress hem up my leg and she stroked my bare thigh. I wanted to yell 'Don't Stop.'

"You are a very pretty girl Becky."

"Thank you Mam."

"What did I just say?"

"Thank you Jen."

"That's better, now give me a kiss."

That was one long sweet kiss.

"Good night Becky. Sweet dreams. See you in the morning."

I mumbled something and stumbled down the hall to my room. That night I fingered myself to a solo flight thinking about my sexy mistress in her red satin nightie.

"After your breakfast, call for my Mazda, we're going shopping."

It was a red sports car. The roof was down. She drove very fast. Every curve in the road was a challenge to be defeated. When we got to the freeway she drove even faster. I'd hardly ever been in a car, let alone a race car. I held on for dear life.

She pulled to a stop in the 'no parking' zone in front of a fancy clothing store and tossed the keys to a lady that rushed out. She didn't even look as her car zoomed around the corner.

"Miss Jennifer! How lovely to see you. How may I assist you today?"

"Gretchen, we're here to buy some nice clothes for Becky. Lets start in the foundations department."

I was gobsmacked I thought I was along to carry her shopping.

Sexy lingerie, beautiful skirts, dresses, sweaters and blouses. Then there was the shoe department. I've of course never worn high heels, but Jen said I'd soon get the hang of it.

I wore a cashmere sweater in cream, and a maroon knee length pencil skirt over pink lace bra and panties, and silver leather flats when we left the store. Everything else was taken to Jen's car (wherever that was.)

Elbows hooked together we walked along the street to a restaurant.

Here I was, little slave Rebeca, walking down a public street, just like a Citizen, without even a symbolic collar! I could never have dreamed this.

We had a glass of wine with lunch. I'm not sure if it went to my head, or I was getting used to Jen's driving, but the ride home was less terrifying.

We went to the grand entrance. Alice summoned some girls to take the packages to my room.

Miss Jennifer summoned Alice. "Step closer Alice dear." Her voice was very quiet. "I saw that look. Do you not approve of Rebeca's new style?"

"Oh no Mam, I mean yes Mam. Very nice, ah, beautiful, Mam."

"Remember Darling, I will soon be 'Lady Parkwood' and the farm is always looking for more field workers. Now, fuck off."

Alice's eyes filled with tears and her face turned red as she rushed away.

When we were alone Jen said, "I've about had it up to here with that cunt's attitude. Oh, you didn't think a lady would use such language did you?" She laughed and her anger was all used up.

That night after I drew her bath she told me to go change into my new purple satin bath robe. When I got back to her, she was in the bubbles. "Come and scrub my back Becky."

I slowly unwrapped myself for her. She licked her lips as I slid down into the water. I picked up the big sponge and began stroking it all over her beautiful skin.

"Mm, yes, my back too. Oh Darling that's so nice."

I washed everywhere except near her pussy. We stood and I rinsed the bubbles off then dried us with a big soft bath towel. She went to her dressing table and I brushed her golden hair dry. She took my hand and we rushed to her bed.

We kissed and groped.

"Be a good Becky and eat me?"

"I thought you'd never ask, My Lady." I giggled. We both giggled.

I kissed her fore head, the tip of her nose. I kissed down her slender neck and each pink nipple. I kissed and licked her inner belly button until she was hopelessly laughing and begging me to stop. I alternately kissed down each long leg, then kissed each little toe.

I spread those creamy legs and kissed her cunt lips. She was looking down at me, biting her lower lip. What a beautiful, imploring expression.

With tongue, lips and fingers I got her ready for flight. I took her to the end of the runway and kept her there, engine revving. My tongue found the little pink pilot. Ready for takeoff my love? I gently kissed it, and away she flew. Jen's heels beat my bum. Her hands held my head down. She made the most lovely mewling sounds as she came.

"Get up here Darling."

She swaddled us together in the sheets. We kissed. Her fingers were inside me. She guided my flight. I was so ready.

She snuggled close to me. "I needed that so much. Thank you Becky."

You and me both Princess, you and me both.

I've been hers ever since.