 The phone woke me up, and I wondered who would be calling me so late. It seemed I had just fallen asleep and now I was thrown out of my dreams by the damn phone.

I looked at the clock. It read 2:00am. 

"Jesus!" I said, more than a little annoyed. 

I was going to ignore it, but it kept ringing, and my answering machine wasn't picking up for some reason - I'd have to get a knew one soon. 

I rolled over and picked up the receiver, "Hello?" I said, the irritation apparent in my tone. But the voice on the other line melted all of my annoyance with just four words.

"Can I come over?" the voice said. It was low and husky, and it made me shudder. 

"Yeah." I said, no longer upset about the hour.

"Good. Open the door." The voice said in such a deep creamy tone, that it took me a second to realize what was asked. 

I bolted upright, and hopped out of my bed. I was at my front door in two seconds. I knew who would be behind the door when I opened it, and I didn't want to waste any time letting her in. 

I opened the door and melted, feeling wetness between my legs instantly. She was like sex incarnate. She stood there, leaning against the door jam with that sexy little smirk on her face. Her smirk widened into a smile as I opened the door. Damn, that smile could make me do things I should be ashamed of, things I wouldn't think of doing normally, things that I would only do for her.

She was so damn sexy. She was five feet, ten inches of smooth caramel skin on top of rock solid muscle. She had on a thick jacket, but I knew that the arms underneath were rippled with muscle. The black tank she had on did little to hide the six pack it covered. Her dreadlocked hair was hanging loose, and her ears held two diamond studs. I looked over her face, taking in her lips, the lips I knew where soft as pillows. I looked at her hazel eyes, deep and mysterious. Even the smell of her turned me on. Yes, she was sexy, and there was no denying it.

I stepped back, letting her into the apartment. She came in, walking with that swagger that made my knees weak. She stood just inside the apartment, leaning against the wall. She looked me up and down as I stood about four feet away, watching me like a lion watches a gazelle. Every nerve in my body was on high alert, and she hadn't even touched me yet! 

She looked me in my eye and spoke. "Why are you all the way over there? Come here, ma." 

I walked over to her without hesitation. Normally, I would have been upset at a pet name like "ma." I make it a practice of ignoring women, and men, when they call me something that. But coming from her, I didn't mind; she could have called me Mufasa for all I cared. 

I got close to her, and she wrapped her hands around my waist, sliding them up and down my back, making me shiver. Her hands were like electricity, and I wanted to feel them all over me. 

"Can I get a kiss?" she said, smiling that mesmerizing smile. Of course she could, she could get whatever she wanted from me just so long as she made me feel the way only she could.

I leaned up to her, knowing that what awaited me would be nothing short of mind-numbing. When her lips met mine, they were soft and warm. She pressed lightly into me, making me moan. Her hands had left my waist, and were know cupping my behind as she pulled me in against her body. I reached up and ran my hands through her hair, loving the feel of it in my fingers.

The kiss was deepening, and I couldn't help but grind myself against her. When I did, I was met with something solid; I moaned, knowing that soon it would be inside of me. Soon, she would take me like I wanted to be taken. Soon, I would be screaming her name.

She left my lips and started her trail across my cheek and past my ear to my neck and collarbone, the whole time eliciting little moans of pleasure from my lips. Her hands, her tongue, her lips, her hips, everything was taking me over. I couldn't think straight anymore. 

Suddenly, she picked me up, wrapping my legs around her waist. She smiled at the surprise that registered on my face and started toward my bedroom. I didn't have to tell her where to go. She had been there many times before; she knew it well. 

We got to the room, and she began undressing me. She didn't have much to take off, because I only had on a tank top and panties, a fact I think she enjoyed. She kissed each shoulder as she slid the straps of my shirt off, following the fabric with her tongue as she slid it down my body. She tucked her fingers into my panties, and kissed around the waistband. She pulled them down painfully slow while I felt the chill of cool air come in contact with my skin. She finished undressing me, and gently pushed me onto the bed. I laid back, waiting for her.

She began undressing for me, giving my eyes something to worship. I watched as her heavy jacket came off, revealing the tone, taught muscles of her arms. I thought about how strong those arms where and how many times they had picked me up into such wonderful positions. I watched her peel of her shirt, and marveled at the muscles that covered her stomach. I wanted nothing more than to run my tongue between them and taste the saltiness of her skin. She started unbuckling her belt, and I had to bite my lip to stop the moan that wanted to come out of my mouth. She undid her belt, the button, and then the zipper. When she let the pants fall and stepped out of them, standing before me with nothing but boxers and a pronounced bulge, I was so ready for her. I knew I must have been dripping. She took off the only thing that was separating me from that beautiful thing between her legs, and walked up to the bed. 

She grabbed me by my waist and jerked me toward the edge of the bed, placing herself between my legs, pointing herself at my opening. She put her hands on my knees, and I opened my legs wide for her, wanting her to know that she could have me, that I wanted her, needed her. She bent at the waist and kissed me, her phallus rubbing up against me, making me thrust up, trying to feel more. When she broke the kiss, and I looked into her eyes, I noticed how much darker they were than before. She was just as turned on as I was. 

Without a word, she pushed it in, sighing as she did. I screamed. I felt so good, so good I couldn't help but scream. She slowly eased the rest in until she was pressed up against me. Then she leaned over once again. This time, her kiss made me want to cry it felt so good. Her lips seared into me, making my blood boil. She always had that effect on me, and no matter what happened I knew she always would. 

Slowly, smoothly, she began a rhythm. She held my hips as she slid it in and out, over and over again. Soon my head was spinning and I just let myself go. She started to pick up pace, and I could hear her breathing hard. I had one hand full of my sheets, and the other full of her hair.

She was slamming into me now, her hips moving unbelievably fast. I had stopped trying to stay quiet, I let the screams flow from me freely. I knew anyone passing my door would hear me and probably think I was being murdered, but I didn't care. She was making me feel wonderful, and I had to let her know it. 

Suddenly, she pulled out, and flipped me over, pushing me up on my hands and knees. I stuck my ass out, wanting her to fill me up again. She did. Her hips her moving like pistons, driving me crazy. She held my hips and drove into me. I could hear little moans and grunts coming from her lips, and I knew she was feeling just as good as I was.

She was still pumping into me when she reached around my waist to strum at my clit. That was too much for me, and I exploded.

"I'm...oh God...I'm cumming baby! Don't stop!" I was screaming "Fuck me baby! Fuck...aahh!" I collapsed onto the bed, my entire body super sensitive. She kept going, holding my waist. Again, I came, the second just as good as the first. Then, I could hear her breath catch and feel her grip on me tighten. She was close. 

I pushed myself back, meeting her thrust for thrust, wanting her to cum for me, on top of me, with me. She let out a moan that sounded almost like a growl, then she fell over onto me, kissing my shoulders. We lay there like that for a while, her on top of me, she hadn't pulled out yet. I laid there, loving the feeling of her on top of me, the fullness inside of me.

After a few minutes, she pulled out, stepped out of her harness, and climbed into bed with me. She pulled me into her arms and kissed my forehead, running her fingers through my hair. She made me feel beautiful. We fell asleep cuddled together. 

*

I woke when I felt movement in the bed next to me, and opened my eyes to see her sitting on the edge of my bed. She was fully dressed and stringing up her shoes. She heard me stir and looked over her shoulder at me and smiled. Seeing that smile almost made up for the fact that she was leaving, almost. I always hated this part. She'd come over, fuck my brains out, and then just leave.

She stood, and walked out of the room. I threw on a robe and followed her into the living room.

Just as she was walking out of the door, she turned, lifted my chin with her hand, and gave me one last kiss that shook me to my core.

"I'll call you," was all she said, and with that, she turned and walked out the door. 

I leaned against the wall and closed my eyes remembering what had happened just a few hours before, still feeling a warm tingle. I walked back to my room and laid in my bed. I couldn't wait for her next call.