 This story is an homage to Mistress_Christine and her wonderful stories from the lesbian country.

*****

As I come to the bridge of the flagship 'Angela Merkel', Seawoman Carter announces "Admiral on the bridge."

The captain, ship's engineer and sailing master turn from their discussion and greet me.

If you met Captain Sue, as she prefers to be addressed, ashore you'd think her just a plump, short happy go lucky gal, but at sea she's the consummate sea captain. Her people skills are hard to match. Everyone on 'Angela' wants to do their best for her and her ship.

The ship's engineer, Ms Edwards, was born slave, bought by the company, and went to sea at twelve. She was smart and worked hard, so the company sponsored her to first move up to 'indentured' then to 'citizen'. This is a progressive company.

Sailing master, Ms Dodd, was born free.

Angela Merkel is motor sailing at ten knots with a full cargo hold towards home port. The three were discussing when to turn off the electric drives and continue under sail power alone.

The day is warm, so the ABs (Able Body seawomen) on deck are standing their watches in various degrees of undress. When we have VIP guests aboard they must wear, at a minimum, shorts and a tank top. All the crew are company owned.

Slave children live with their mothers until age three, when they go to the government residential schools. There they are taught manners, basic reading, writing and arithmetic, then given basic training in a trade. At twelve they are auctioned. Slaves cannot be used or touched sexually until their 'age of submission' birthday at nineteen.

Rank does have it's privileges. As Admiral, I have a cabin boy. I buy a twelve year old, keep it until it's age of submission, sell it and get another. The young ones are such good workers and hardly ever need to be beaten. Also, my wife ashore likes knowing I'm being faithful to her when at sea.

This is the last sail for my present one, Sally. I've made a deal with a breeder who looked her over before we sailed. She's been weepy and sad all trip. The last one was the same. Cried all the way to the auction. I'm sure those red puffy eyes took a lot off the selling price.

*******

In port, after I deliver her and see that the payment has arrived in my bank account I head for the apartment. That's where my day turned to shit. Inside the door were three boxes sealed with tape and an envelope with my name on it.

' Dear Julie. I cannot go on as your part time wife. I've met someone. We've packed your things. When you leave give your key to the super, she'll change the locks. 

You are no longer my wife. Say away from me. Ann.'

I went back to my only real home. The ship.

A few days later Captain Sue drew me aside. "When I told Jenny about your situation she said to invite you home with me for a few days. Here's a letter."

It read, 'Dear Admiral, you simply must come to Oak Park for a visit. We hardly ever see you. Jenny.' It was on paper embossed with her family crest and printed across the top "Lady Jennifer Parkwood."

Sue married very well.

" Well, I guess that settles that, can't disappoint Lady Jennifer."

"Great Julie, I told the driver we'd leave at fifteen hundred. The drive takes a few hours.

*******

The manor at Oak Park was elegantly understated. As we pull up it looks like a mid twentieth century ranch house, but what one sees is just the top floor of a mansion built into the side of a valley.

Lady Jennifer was at the door to greet us, attended by three maids in short sleeve grey dresses with lace trim and black leather extreme stilettos. Two were dispatched with our luggage, the third followed us down a wide marble stair case to a wood paneled den and served us glasses of red wine.

Lady Jennifer looked elegant as always. Her long blond hair was down, flowing over the shoulders of her robin egg blue cashmere turtle neck. Her dusty blue ankle length wool skirt was wrapped with a wide royal blue belt that matched her leather slippers. She wore a single string of pearls, pearl earrings, and her wedding and engagement rings.

"A toast! To my beautiful officers and their ship."

We sat. "Vivian, dear, send for Tina please."

A very pretty little brunette came in, almost wearing a little black dress and silver heels. I almost drooled.

"Admiral, this is Tina, Tina, the Admiral is staying with us for a few days." I reached out and touched her hand. "Please call me Julie."

"Good. Julie, Tina will be yours for your stay. Vivian, get Tina a glass of wine and top ours up. Thank you Dear."

We sat and talked. The view across the valley, with a river twisting along it's floor grew dark as the sun set. Lights blinked on in a village across the river. Everything one could see was part of Lady Jennifer's estate.

A maid came and announced dinner.

After dinner Jenny, with a hand gently stroking Sue's back said "Please excuse us. My captain is worn out. She needs her rest." They left arm in arm.

"Well, Tina, do you know what room is mine?"

"We have the 'blue suite' Admiral Julie."

She led me down another flight of the staircase and into a beautiful sitting room with a deep light blue carpet and furniture upholstered in blue printed material, then through to a bedroom with a big soft canopy bed. She soon had my clothes off and was soaping and massaging me in the shower. Such soft hands. The luxury. Her kisses. She dried me with a big soft towel, took my hand and led me back to the bed.

Tina slid down and pushed my legs apart. I hadn't been with another woman except Ann for the whole time we were together. I may have been a bit shy, but Tina wasn't.

Her kisses were so soft. Her tongue tickled along my cunt lips. She looked up and smiled.

"Just lay back and let me please you."

I bit my lower lip as this angel spread me open with her thumbs. She gave my pussy a big open mouth kiss. I closed my eyes and sank back into the soft pillows. Lips, fingers, tongue, kisses and licks, gentle strokes. Fingers deep inside me. A lick. A kiss on my clit and I'm gone.

What just happened?

Tina is kissing my neck. When was the last time I came like that?

"It's all right Admiral Julie. Let Tina look after you. Let me cuddle my beautiful officer."

*****

When I opened my eyes the sky was turning from velvet black to dawn's grey. It took a moment to realize where I was and who this soft warm creature cuddling me was.

I needed to use the head, but didn't want to wake her. Let this talented beauty sleep. 'You silly old fool, she's just doing what she was ordered to.'

We showered together. Slower and more intimate than last night. Our lips explores each other. I finger fucked her as our tongues wriggled together. We toweled each other dry.

Tina left for her room to dress.

I put on red lace and satin panties, no bra, and the pink and white patterned sun dress that showed lots of cleavage and came to just above my knees. I admit I was dressing for Tina.

One of the sexy little maids was waiting outside my door to show me down a flight of stairs and out to a garden patio where Sue and Jenny were sitting in their robes around a glass top table sipping coffee. A maid poured me a cup. Soon Tina arrived.

Yummy! She wore a pink angora puff sleeve sweater with a deep 'vee' collar, a grey wool skirt that barely covered her beautiful tush, and the cutest white sandals with little pink bows. She slid a chair close to mine and reached for my hand as the maid poured her a coffee. I smiled at her big brown eyes. Her make up was subtle. Pink lipstick and nails. 

As we ate breakfast Jenny said her hobby was restoring and driving antique carriages. "How about I have a team harnessed and we tour the estate by horse and buggy."

"Wow, sounds great."

"Good. We'll meet at the front at ten."

The carriage was an open landau all shiny lacquer and gilt trim drawn by four black horses with shiny brass medals on their harnesses. The driver was wearing a red jacket with black collar, cuffs and a top hat. A maid rushed forward, folded down the boarding step and opened the door.

A beautiful day. Tina and I facing forward, Sue and Jenny facing aft. We made several stops for drinks and snacks. Sue and Jenny held hands. Sue pointed out interesting sights. Tina pulled my arm over her shoulder and cuddled close. So soft and sweet.

When we got back Jennifer said she's invited friends for dinner, and Sue and I were to wear out dress uniforms.

*******

When Tina came for me I was dazzled. Her hair was up in an elegant do. Her make up was subtly perfect. Her gown. Wow! White lace with ribbons of white sequins twisting vertically up it. Long sleeves, ankle length, and completely backless. Wow again! I wanted to kiss her (and more) but didn't want to smear either of our lipsticks.

"You look stunning my dear."

"Oh, Admiral, you look so, mm, yummy in uniform."

Sue and I were the only ones not wearing gowns. Lady Jennifer looked scrumptious in a red satin shoulder-less floor sweeping gown. Her hair up, threaded with strings of diamonds. Diamond pendulum earrings, diamond necklace, bracelets and rings.

After a many course meal we went to the ball room and danced to a live combo.

One slow dance Lady Jennifer whispered in my ear "Has Tina been a good little fuck toy?"

*****

Back in our suite Tina said, "May I undress my beautiful Admiral?" Then without waiting for a reply kissed my lips.

She undid the top button of my jacket. Kiss. She undid the next button. Kiss. She undid the next button. Kiss. She undid the last button. Kiss. She took off my jacket and laid it over the arm of a chair.

With a kiss she untied my tie.

She undid the top button of my blouse then kissed my neck. She undid the next one, then kissed the skin it revealed as she spread it back. Then the next. Spread, kiss. Unbutton. Spread, kiss. Unbutton. Spread, kiss. On her knees by now, she undid the last one. Spread, kiss. 

She took my left hand. kissed the back of it, then removed my cuff link. Tina took my right hand, sucked my index finger into her mouth as she looked up at me, then removed my other cuff link.

Tina rose and dropped the cuff links on a table, then slid my blouse off and tossed it towards the chair.

She slid behind me and undid my bra. She slid the shoulder straps down. It fell to the floor. With the gentlest touch she wrapped her arms around me and rolled my nipples between her thumb and fore finger. That sent an electric shock to my pussy.

She kissed my back as she undid the belt of my skirt and pulled down it's zipper. It fell to my feet. Her thumbs were hooking the elastic of my panties and walking them down my legs.

"Sit on that chair, Admiral Darling."

Tina got down between my legs and blew me a kiss. She smiled up at me, then her talented tongue got to work on my cunt.

What a sensation. Tina's perfume. Her tongue lips and fingers. Her beautiful hair do rocking up and down, back and forth as she pleased me. The feel of her gown on my bare legs. The sight of her mahogany tanned back. Her pretty rump covered in the material of her gown, that flowed down her legs and spread over the carpet. Her spike heels, together and pointing across the room.

She brought me to the edge, then soothed me back down. She brought me to the brink again, then soothed me back. Then she did it. She took me way over the top! Then she did it again. Then again.

Tina kissed her way up. My tummy. My tits. My shoulders. My neck. My chin. My lips.

"Just relax, my Admiral. My beautiful sexy Admiral."

She stood, stepped back three paces. She pulled the pins out of her hair and shook it loose, then gave me the most sensual strip tease ever.

When she was down to her sexy heels and stockings I scooped her up in my arms. She squealed and giggled and kicked her legs in mock protest as I carried her to the big soft bed and threw her down.

I picked up a foot and removed her stiletto, then rolled her nylon down her shapely leg with lots of kissing and stroking. The other leg needed the same attention. I kissed each red painted toenail. I kissed up one leg and down the other. I massaged her little feet.

Tina made some very contented sounds, but that wasn't what I wanted to hear.

I crawled up, lifting her legs over my shoulders.

She had a shaved beaver. 'Ann's was a big blond bush.' Where did that come from at a time like this?

Her cunt smelled delicious. I spread her open. She was very wet. Lots of cunt sauce to lap up. I licked and kissed. I fingered and licked. I kissed some more. Tina was mewling.

I looked up into her beautiful brown eyes.

She looked back pleadingly. "Please Admiral, May I have permission to cum? Please?"

I've heard of this kind of training but thought it was an urban myth. Tina couldn't cum without permission.

"Yes sweetheart, you may cum." I kissed her swollen nub.

Wow! 

Tina bucked and screamed. She crushed my ears with her thighs. She shook and

laughed. She giggled and wiggled.

I swear I came another time just from her excitement.

I kissed my way up and spooned behind Tina. It was my turn to cuddle this beautiful nymph to sleep.

Yes lady Jennifer, a Very good fuck toy!

********

We started the next morning in the shower. This time as I finger banged Tina I said "Baby, you may come for me."

What a rewarding experience, having this wet soapy pixie deliriously happy at my touch.

As we were going back to the ship today I wore my work uniform. My dress uniform had been magically cleaned and pressed overnight. As I left for breakfast one of lady Jennifer's cute maids came to pack my bags.

Sue was also in her work uniform. Lady Jennifer wore a bow collar pastel green satin blouse, ankle length hunter green skirt and tan leather flats. Her hair was tied up in a ribbon that matched her skirt. Her only jewelry was her wedding and diamond ring.

Tina wore a cute yellow and white sun dress that fell to just below her knees. On her feet were those sandals with the pink bows. She wore no jewelry. Her make up was subtle. She looked so fuckable. I'll miss her.

"Tina and I want to see our gallant officer's ship, so we'll all ride down to the harbour together."

Now when it comes to the sea and the way of a ship I'm one of the best. Ashore though I often have no idea what's going on, so Jenny's next words took me aback.

"Admiral I can't have you going to sea without a cabin boy. It reflects badly on my fleet. I'm giving you ownership of Tina. She will be your cabin boy."

The End