 Kissing her neck as I wrapped my arms tight around her waist. She snuggled into me more, kissed me passionately on the lips and we both fell asleep holding onto each other.

 The next morning I awoke to the smell of cooking and a note on the bedside table. 

Good morning lover, I am cooking downstairs. There is a bathrobe on the back of the door come down when you are ready. Love, your Jennyxxx

I leapt out of bed and grabbed a quick shower. Heading downstairs I could smell omelettes my favourite, stepping into the kitchen I see the gorgeous figure of Jenny cooking at the stove. I walk up behind her and place my hands on her hips caressing her curves and kissing her neck teasing little moans out of her lips.

"Lets eat breakfast and then we can get down to more fun. You will need your energy," she whispered with a cheeky wink. I go to the table as quickly as I could, pulling out a chair for Jenny then collecting the plates with the omelettes on and sit down opposite her.

 It didn't take long for her to decide that being naughty during breakfast was a good idea. The table wasn't that big so she could reach me with her foot. Her foot started stroking the inside of my calf which felt so good but wasn't that distracting. Until her foot reached my thighs and rubbed with sensitive skin on the inside of both, making my legs open involuntarily. Looking into her eyes I could see a look that said I have got you where I want you.

Suddenly her big toe is slowly rubbing my clit in circles. It feels so good but I still haven't given her second orgasm after the two she gave me. I look at her struggling to speak and say,

"I thought..we..were saving the...fun until...after break... fast," breathing heavily I stand to catch my breath.

"I couldn't resist your eyes were driving me crazy and making me horny," replied Jenny with a smile.

"Does that mean you have finished with breakfast then?"

"Yes it does," she follows me as I walk around the table to her seat she stands and we kiss with a fierce hunger that neither of us could control. Lifting her onto the table so I can get to her magnificent pussy.

I rip open her robe and devour her breasts like I have never done with a woman before. Kissing every inch of her breasts until I can't wait any longer and draw her nipple into my mouth sucking hard. Her melodic moans getting me instantly wet.

Her hands holding my head close to her chest not wanting me to let go of her gorgeous nipples grazing, them with my teeth making her moan for more of me. Our lust and passion building intensely within both of us only wanting each other. I could here her heart beating fast and feel my doing the same. Switching to the right nipple and give it the same long treatment as I roll the other between my thumb and forefinger.

After a while I decide to slide my fingers along her soaking pussy until I can circle her willing and hard clit. Teasing her driving her wild beyond belief. Bringing my fingers up to my mouth I taste her sweet juices and snake them back between her thighs. Delving into her love tunnel rubbing her sensitive spot as I kiss her passionately. Jenny pushes on my head wanting me to get between her thighs so she can come as I eat her. I do as her actions demand.

 Sliding down her body kissing her as I go doing it slowly wanting her orgasm to build more than it has. I kneel between her legs spread her lips with my fingers and have a long lick right up her spread lips until I reach her clit; lovingly I flick it. To which I am awarded with a loud moan of pleasure.

 I continue to do that until she whimpering and begging for more. With that I bury my tongue deep in her love tunnel making her scream loudly. Swirling my tongue in a circular motion around her pussy walls until the walls begin to spasm and grip my tongue tight.

"I Love you!" screamed Jenny holding my head tight to her as I lapped up as much of her honey as I could.

 I stand up look her in the eyes and say "I love you too" We kiss passionately and never want to be apart again.