 The Captives Chapter 3

The Daughter's Day

I am not sure that I like this place. The people are strange and I do not understand their language. My mother seems different here though, less sad than she always is. The man, the Overlord here, his presence seems to change her. In my eyes she glows when he is around. I do not understand this, as he is our Captor.

I also do not understand how he made me feel. His mouth made magic and my private parts sing. I have never felt like that. If that is what it is like to be with a man intimately I want to feel that again. My mother's face when he made her sing filled me with joy for her. I so want her happiness. But, how can she find happiness here?

These thoughts were funneling through my mind as I awakened from my sleep cuddled against my mother. As always, when in her arms, I felt safe. She was alert and awake, looking around the room for something. I never understood her instincts but came to trust them over the years. I looked around also to discover what was alerting her.

There was someone there in the room with us. A girl approached silently from the darkness near the door. She was about my height but slighter, yet she had a presence that filled the room. She had long blonde hair and blue eyes. She seemed wiry and strong to me, athletic. I wondered who she was and why she was there.

"I take her," the girl said, not well, but in my language. She pointed at me. "You come."

I looked at my mother not sure what I should do. I really wanted to stay with her but the girl somehow intrigued me. She nodded at me that I should follow the girl's request. I kissed her cheek goodbye hoping this was the right decision and walked over to the girl. 

She handed me a white sheath dress to put on that was like the one she was wearing. I put it on and refastened my belt over it. I looked back at my mother and smiled. She smiled back as I turned and left the room with the girl.

We exited into a hallway that was bathed in sunlight. It was so bright that I was forced to squint until my eyes adjusted and I could look more closely at my new surroundings. As with the rooms I had been in, this hallway itself was opulent. There were jewel tone curtains at the windows and tapestries upon the walls. I looked closely at one and saw a battle scene; I looked closely at another that showed a woman in a fancy dress with what looked like lightening flying from her fingers.

"That is my mother," the girl said to me.

"What is that?" I asked her, pointing at the bolts.

"Magic," the girl responded. "Mother was sorceress."

"Sorceress? Magic?" I asked, stunned. Where I am from magic was not a good thing. Those found with extra powers were shunned, sometimes killed. It is the reason my mother would never tell people of her feelings. She wanted us to be safe. "Was she good or evil?" I couldn't help but asking, curiosity overwhelming me.

"She was evil."

"But you are not?"

"I do not think so," she chuckled. "My father kept me from her as much as possible. I am like him."

"Your father? Is the Overlord your father?"

"Yes."

"I see," I responded, hesitant to ask further questions.

She must have seen the look upon my face for she simply told me, "Ask."

"Why did your father bring my mother and I here?"

"I do not know," she answered honestly. "He left some weeks ago and returned last night with you both. He had been very sad for a very long time. When I saw him now and he sent me to fetch you, he seemed different. I do not know how to explain it."

"I think I understand. It is the same with my mother. I do not understand the change in her."

"What is your name?" she asked me.

"I am called Rayne. I was born when the Rains return to the Plains. What are you called?"

"I am Crystal. My mother called me that. I believe she hoped I would assume her powers as I would someday assume her position with our people."

We had come to a split in the hallway, one path a darkened corridor, one full of windows and light. Crystal took my hand in her slighter one and whispered to me, "I was told to bring you to the bathing chamber. The Dark Hall is the quickest path. I do not wish to take it; I avoid it when I can. We will take the long path."

"That is fine. I am enjoying seeing something other than my prison."

"You are not in prison!" she answered seeming shocked.

"What would you call it then?" I asked getting upset at her. "We were taken against our will and are held here, not allowed to leave."

"Well yes," she responded. "You are right. I do not wish you to be prisoner though," she lowered her eyes and blushed. "I wish you to be friend."

"If you are the daughter of the Overlord you must have many friends."

"No, I have none. All here fear me, or rather, fear what I may become."

"You have no one?"

"None except my brother. He is two years my elder. I am eighteen. As you were born in spring, so I was born in the fall following the year my father was brought here."

"Brought here?"

"Yes, he was captive. My mother's slave whom she conceived me with."

"He was captive. As are my mother and I"

"Let us not dwell. Let us build our knowing of each other. Come," she took my hand and led me toward the light, away from the Dark Hall, dark memories and dark thoughts. As we walked on, she chattered away about the building, the rooms, her garden, and her weapons training.

As we paused outside a set of double doors I stared at her in disbelief. "They allow women to learn to use weapons here?"

"Yes, do they not at your home?"

"No, not at all. Women may not touch weapons. My mother has learned some, but has always practiced in secret. She has never allowed me to learn for fear I would be discovered."

"Well, while you are here, maybe you can join my lessons. I will ask Father."

"You will ask Father what?" came a deep voice from directly behind us, we both startled and jumped.

"Do not do that!" Crystal berated the man standing behind us. "You know I do not like it when you attempt to scare me!"

"I do know," the man smiled. "But you love it, and you always get revenge." He swung her into his arms into a tight hug and a kiss that seemed to me overly friendly. I had to remind myself that customs here were quite different.

"Yes I do, Brother," she answered, hitting him on the arm. "Now let me go!"

He did as she asked and as he straightened I got my first good look at him. My heart stopped, then it began beating too fast. I grew very warm as I looked at him closely. I had never seen a man his age plainly before. In my home, men cover themselves from head to toe at the time they enter manhood and fight their first battles. That was usually at about sixteen years. 

The man before me was blond as was his sister, and also blue of eye. He was strong and sun browned. He wore pants, which outlined the strength of his legs and boots upon his feet. He carried a vest in one hand, his browned chest bare, hard and muscular, and had a sword belted at his waist. As my eyes returned to his I felt almost lost. His hand rose toward me, one thumb grazing my cheek gently; I fought my instincts to nuzzle at his hand; I stood straight and solid, one word echoing in my mind, Brother.

"Who is this, Crystal?" he asked quietly, not taking his eyes from mine.

"She is Rayne," his sister answered. "Father brought her mother and her here yesterday."

"The captives then?"

"Father would not like to hear them called so I think, Brother."

"No, I believe he would not. Oddly, I do not like that thought either. Hmmm. Until next time Little Rayne." His hand dropped from my cheek and he backed away. Turning toward his sister he stated, "I am off to the Men's chambers."

"Yes brother dear, please go. You smell foul from your practice and I am not happy that you have soiled my shift. Come Rayne." She took my hand once more and without another glance his way slipped open the double doors and pulled me inside behind her.

Upon entering, I stood still, my eyes taking in the wonder before me. When I had been brought here I had been bathed in a small room, in a small tub; this was nothing like that had been. This was a cavernous chamber with tiled walls and floors. A large pool in the center was fed from a miniature waterfall, the water steaming and inviting. 

While I had stood ogling the sight, Crystal had changed from her clothing, into nothing. She had discarded her sheath and stood before me naked. I blushed at the sight of her pale body, small tight breasts, and furry blonde pussy. She walked toward me; I backed up a step.

"Come Rayne, let me help you. We have the room to ourselves this afternoon. Let us enjoy it."

I let her approach me. Her hands reached to my shoulders and trailed down my arms till they reached my fingers. I was surprised as my nipples hardened at her touch. She drew me close until her naked breasts were pressed against me, the sheath I wore the only thing separating us. Her arms reached around me as she sought the ties that fastened my garment. 

As she gave the tug that loosened my top, I felt her lips at my neck, kissing and sucking. I felt a strange stirring in my pussy as I had last night when her father had touched me there. She stepped back quietly, her hands now at my shoulders. One gentle push and the sheath was a puddle at my feet.

"You are beautiful Rayne," she said simply, honestly.

I blushed but answered honestly, "You are too, Crystal."

Her hand reached to my breast and gently caressed my nipple. I groaned softly. How could a girl make me feel this way?

"Come," she said. "Let us enter the bath."

I followed her to the large steaming pool and we carefully stepped down into the sunken heat. It felt so good. It was like standing in a pond outdoors but it was hot.

"It is fed from hot springs," Crystal stated. We stood in the center of the pool facing each other. I met her eyes and could not look away. I was mesmerized.

"Are you sure you do not have your mother's powers?" I asked without thinking.

"Why?"

"Because I feel drawn to you. Like I'm under your spell. Like we belong with each other, together."

"I feel it too," she replied moving toward me. Her arms wrapped around me and I felt her lips on mine. I had never kissed anyone other than my mother and that had been on the cheek. I did not know what was expected of me. Her tongue pushed against my lips. I parted them; which allowed her tongue entrance. It found mine and began playing so I played back. 

We were skin-to-skin, lips to lips, arms wrapped tightly around each other in the center of the steaming pool. I was feeling molten inside. Her hands were caressing my back and my bottom. I wanted her to touch me more. I felt a need deep inside. I needed something to touch my pussy. 

She broke our kiss and without speaking led me to the edge of the pool where there was a mat. She encouraged my to sit, and then lie down, upon it. I did as she wanted. She climbed over me straddling my chest and facing my feet. She leaned over me, her hands easing my legs apart. Then I felt her mouth upon me. Her tongue swept my pussy gently then began twirling around my nub. I felt her fingers touching me, easing into me. 

I could feel the pressure building inside me as I had last night. I wanted to sing again as I had then. I wondered if I could make her feel the same way if I put my mouth on her pussy. I determined that I would try it. I pulled on her legs until she was stretched out over me, her pussy directly at my mouth.

My first taste of her was delicious, like a fruit I had never tasted the juice of. It was a slightly salty taste and I enjoyed it. My tongue found the small button at the top of her slit and fondled it as her fingers slipped inside me. I could barely concentrate as the fire raced through me. I replaced my tongue with my thumb continuing to torment her nub as I used my tongue to enter her as her fingers were doing to me. I felt her gasp against me. I was sure she was feeling as I was.

We continued to excite each other. I was going to sing. I felt she was too from the noises and whimpers she was making. Then the feelings overcame me. Like a bolt of lightening in the spring rains the feelings struck. They jolted through me making my limbs quiver and shake. Crystal's mouth left me and she cried out as the lightening shot through her also. 

Slowly my spiraling vision returned to normal. I realized the she was lying collapsed upon me. I liked the feeling of closeness. I wished we could stay like that. Crystal rolled off of me and into the pool. I sat up slowly and eased in after her. We stayed close to each other and taking up some soap we quietly bathed each other. Touching each other's breasts and pussies, gently caressing, kissing each other. 

The bath was over too soon for me. I knew I would be returning to my prison, no matter what Crystal called it, that was what it was. We redressed in clean sheath dresses and departed the chamber hand in hand. Our return trip was silent. At the door of my room we hesitated.

Crystal looked shyly at me. "Friends?" she asked. "I enjoyed being with you today Rayne."

"Yes, I think maybe we will be friends. I enjoyed being with you also Crystal," I replied softly. "Please come in with me?"

She pushed open the door to the darkened bedchamber belonging to the Overlord. We approached the bed hand in hand. There was her father laying upon his back, my mother half on top of him. His arm was wrapped around her as they slept. Each had a smile upon their face. It made me smile to see them there.

"Come," Crystal whispered to me. She removed her sheath and crawled upon the bed. She cuddled against her father's other side and laid her head upon his chest. She sighed in contentment as his arm came around her to hold her in his sleep. 

I copied her actions and crawled up to spoon against my mother. I too felt contentment wash over me and sighed. This was the wrong place to feel so right. Maybe I did have some of my mother's gift after all. With us all here together there was simply a sense of goodness. 

My mind drifted to Crystal's brother and I felt my pussy become wet wondering if he would look as strong and powerful as the Overlord when naked. Sleep overcame me. I drifted peacefully off with lust and desire in my mind.