 Melinda Dorset had talked up the Carson's parties so much, that both Kim and I agreed to go when she finally invited us to one. That is, Kim, my dorm roommate agreed and I sighed and reluctantly nodded. I'm not as much a party girl. Melinda just gave me a secretive little smile and said, "Don't worry, Elise, you're going to have a lot more fun than you think you will!" I smiled back reassuringly because even if I'm not into parties, I am in to being polite.

We were at the quad cafe at the time, and Kim and I discussed what we would wear tonight as we walked back to our dorm. Kim was doing most of the talking, so I reviewed the things Melinda had said about the Carson's parties. She had sworn they were very chic, very nicely done in a beautiful home. She said there were always interesting people there, from both the college and elsewhere. And furthermore, she had sworn that you had to be total feeb not to find a way to get laid, if that was what we were in the mood for, or not, as we preferred. 

"Earth to Elise!" I finally heard from Kim, "aren't you listening at all?"

"Sorta," I admitted, "I was just wondering whether or not I wanted to have sex tonight."

"You should," said Kim a little dryly, "You haven't even been on a date since breaking up with Earl, and that was what? Two months ago?"

"Seven weeks," I was also a stickler for accuracy.

"In any case," Kim went on relentlessly, "I was asking you about underwear, about whether you thought it was sexier to go with plain white cottons for innocence, or something fancy to appear willing to be naughty?"

I shrugged, "A girl can communicate either with a glance. By the time you are down to underwear, you're pretty much committed anyway, so what difference does it make?"

Kim rolled her eyes, "It's like talking to a fish! Why would I even talk to a fish?" She gave me a glare sideways as we walked into the dorm lobby, "It makes a difference in the impression you want to leave the guy with when he thinks back about it."

I shrugged again as we went into the elevator, "What does a fish know from underwear? All I care about is worms and the other disgusting things I eat."

And so it goes. But once we entered our room, I realized that I did have to make some sort of decision about what to wear. Melinda had said casual or not, just don't wear a costume, or wear a costume if you feel like it. Melinda was, I'm sure, trying to be encouraging, but she certainly hadn't been any help. My instinct would be generally be to low key it - jeans and a tee-shirt or sweater. Kim's general inclination would be to dress to the nines. This is one of the many reasons that I'm not much of a party girl - that and the fact that I usually find parties boring. True, it can be entertaining to walk into a bathroom and find a couple getting it on, but more often you find someone throwing up.

But there was the sex thing. When Earl and I began the early stages of breakup, there wasn't any sex from that point on. I hadn't had sex for over three months, and the truth of the matter was that I was getting pretty horny. I knew Kim was horny, but Kim is always horny. 

"I got first dibs on the shower," said Kim, already peeling off her tee-shirt to reveal that she was wearing a black lace bra. Her breasts were smallish, and though we didn't often undress in front of each other, I had seen her bare-chested a couple of times before. Her breasts weren't tiny but they were just big enough, and very pretty actually. In fact they were perfect matching cones, with generous pale pink nipples. If I were into women's breasts I would like Kim's a lot. Her skin coloring matched her red hair but not too typically. Her skin was smooth and white, but she didn't have much in the way of freckles. Of course, she also avoided the sun like a vampire.

I didn't care if she took a shower first, but for the thousandth time I was grateful that our dorm room had a private bathroom. Kim stripped on down to her matching black lace panties and disappeared into the bathroom. Her hair was one of her loveliest features - red, as I said, but lots of golden highlights. She wore it short, just to the top of the neck in almost a pageboy, and it was always silky, shiny and straight. Kim's eyes were dazzling, too, being a mixture of blue and green striations and very unusual. Kim had other remarkable features as well, I admitted to myself. She was just a beautiful girl.

She kept her body very fit with gymnastics, and she was demon with volleyball, basketball, badminton and racquetball - anything one can do in a gym. But then I am too, in fact that's how we met, in the college gym, at first as competitors and then as time went by we became friends. So I have a pretty hard body as well, although my breasts are a little larger than hers. And while I will admit that I am pretty, I can't think of myself as beautiful like Kim. For one thing, I have dark brown hair and dark brown eyes - could anything be more ordinary? Okay, I will admit I get a lot of compliments on my hair. I wear it to just past my shoulder and it is naturally wavy. Still, such an ordinary color!

Then with a sigh I realized I was only thinking about our appearances because I still hadn't made a decision about clothes. Before I could explore this any further, Kim was back in the room wearing only a towel. She discarded her black lace underwear into the hamper and put her hands on her hips and confronted me, "Well, you've had enough time to think about it! Plain or fancy underclothes?"

I had to giggle, "I thought I did answer. I have no real opinion. Why not go without?"

With a sigh of long-suffering, Kim went to her bureau and pulled out white cotton panties and a matching bra that lifted and drew together - her cleavage bra. She wriggled the panties on without removing the towel and turned her back to drop the towel and put on the bra. Over her shoulder, she addressed me, "This is the second Carson's party that Melinda has invited us to - does that seem a little strange to you? And who are the Carsons anyway?"

I smiled, "Melinda told us that he was a professor of... Let's see, I think it was political science, and his wife is independently wealthy, or something like that." I had to frown a little, "But you're right she has certainly been anxious for us to go for some reason."

"I think she's queer," announced Kim loftily, "she's always looking at my breasts and my legs. I think the dyke wants to eat my cunt. She looks at that too, especially when I'm on the pommel horse."

I counted to 10 in my head while Kim rummaged through her closet, "In the first place it isn't nice to call people names, and when you are using terms like queer and dyke, sooner or later you will say them in front of someone who'll be really offended."

"So?" said Kim carelessly, holding a dress in front of her while looking in the mirror. Then she shook her head and discarded it. "I hate queers anyway. Why should I care what they think?"

"The one you offend might be your future boss, or the judge in your drinking and driving trial - to name just two possible scenarios out of thousands," I said, feeling truly exasperated with her, "Besides rudeness is just bad policy, Kim, and it upsets me when I hear you talk that way."

Kim actually looked a little guilty and said, "Okay, I'm sorry, Elise and I'll try to do better. But I still think Melinda has the hots for me. She looks at me all the time."

Trying to maintain my usual state of reasonableness I replied, "That brings me to my second point. You are probably one of the most attractive girls on this campus. Everybody looks at you, boys and girls. Hell, even I like looking at you, but that doesn't mean I want to have sex with you. You know Kim, even if I was gay, I wouldn't want to have sex with you because I wouldn't want to be that intimate with a bigoted redneck like you!" Okay, at that point I had lost it. I really loved Kim and usually enjoyed her company enormously, but damn it - she could be such a pig sometimes.

Now she looked hurt and wasn't saying anything, just giving me a wounded look. "I'm sorry to be so harsh, Kim," I sighed, only half sorry, really, "but think about this: Suppose Melinda is a lesbian or just bi-sexual, and suppose she does have the hots for your body. Maybe she beats off every night thinking about how it would be to eat your cunt. Would you just tell me how that hurts you? Maybe she's a little in love with you - is that any excuse for you to be beastly toward her? I'd feel flattered and let it go at that."

Several expressions flitted across Kim's face during my little tirade stopping with a look of genuine concern, "Really? You think Melinda is in love with me?"

"Good grief!" I rolled my eyes, "I don't think anything of the sort, you baboon! I just asked how it would hurt you if she were?"

Kim gave me a very serious look and stepped close to me, too close, really. She was making me nervous looking so serious and coming so close. Then so close that I could feel her breath on my face, she spoke softly, in an almost sinister tone of voice, "Maybe I deserved to be called bigot and redneck. But do you know how it makes me feel when you call me a baboon?"

"Uh, no," I gulped.

She suddenly grinned, "It makes me want a banana, stupid!" Then she started tickling me. She knows I'm extremely ticklish. We wrestled, and wound up on the floor with Kim on top and still tickling my ribs and both of us giggling fiercely.

"Okay, okay, I'm sorry!" I gasped between giggles. Grinning with triumph, Kim stopped tickling me but shifted to pin my arms.

"I'm not sure you're sorry enough," she said with another giggle, "Say it again. Beg for mercy!"

I gave her my biggest grin, "If someone came in right now and saw you on top of me in your underwear, they'd think you were trying to have sex with me. Come to think of it, don't they say that people who hate gays are really just covering up the fact they're gay and afraid to face it? In fact, haven't you been rubbing your crotch against me while we were wrestling?" I expected her to leap off of me and turn red as a beet. Instead, she only turned a little pink.

In fact she was still smiling, "Well, to counter a couple of your earlier remarks. Maybe it's you that Melinda is after. Come to think of it, she looks a lot at you, too! And I think you are the prettiest girl in school, Elise, and while I admit to having a good body, yours is even better! So if I were a closet homosexual, girl, you'd be the one I wanted, just like this, helpless underneath me. And what about my crotch? Do you like it when I rub it against you?"

Now I got it, she was trying to turn the tables on me and make be feel uncomfortable and paranoid about lesbian sex. I really wasn't interested in having sex with women, but I wasn't afraid about it either. "Okay, Kim," I whispered as seductively as I could and trying desperately to keep a straight face, "I love it when you rub your crotch on me. And all you have to do is kiss me, and then I'll let you ravage me."

For just a second I almost panicked because Kim lowered her face toward mine and just an inch from my lips she said, "I'd rather kiss Melinda. At least she's in love with me." Then laughing, she got off me and turned her back to look in her closet, but before she turned away, I noticed that her face was even redder. I felt just as embarrassed, for just a second there I think there was real sexual tension between us, and why was my gaze lingering on Kim's hard, round butt? But then, I could have imagined it - I really am horny and it really has been too long. Maybe I should go in the bathroom and masturbate before going to the party? Nah, I sighed to myself, then I'd probably be so horny at the party I might have a lapse in judgment. Masturbation leads to orgasms that are like potato chips - one is never enough.

I went ahead and took a shower, a barely warm one, I might add, still feeling a little confused about that moment on the floor with Kim. When I came out, I found Kim had chosen a green satin, body hugger of a dress that was v-necked enough to display some cleavage. The hemline was short but not quite so short as to classify as a mini-skirt. She looked astonishingly hot!

I had a similar dress - in cut but not in color or material. I too, selected a black lace 'bosom' bra to hold my breasts together and slipped on my dress, which happened to be a pitch-black mixture of linen and cotton. Kim called it my 'Vampira' look - which was pretty accurate. I did without the blood-red lipstick and black hose that would have actually had people addressing me as 'Vampira' and then put on some matching high heels.

Kim looked me up and down and whistled, "Okay, if you'd looked like that when I had you on the floor, I WOULD have kissed you, and I WOULD have ravaged you." She gave me a naughty grin, "Come on, Elise, I have some black hose and a garter belt, and I know you have some red lipstick."

I grinned, genuinely pleased with the compliments, "No way am I going in a costume. This is close enough!" I gave her the same lurid up and down look, "If Melinda isn't gay, she might well be after seeing you in that outfit! You should be sweet to her, and she really is cute, you know." Melinda was a petite blond who had made no secret of the fact that she was a real blond, above and below, in the gymnasium locker room. And I had wondered too, why she seemed to be almost showing off her blonde snatch. She had nice big tits, too.

"Oh my god!" Kim rolled her eyes; "You have so got to get laid tonight to get you off this lesbian thing. I sure intend to find me a nice hard dick tonight!" Kim gave me a sideways glare through slitted eyes, "But I will be sweet to Melinda." She added grudgingly. 

"Good, then let's go make everyone's tongue hang out," I said, and we were off. 

The house was somewhat swankier than Melinda had implied, in fact, it might well qualify as a mansion. And the inside matched, nice furniture, mostly antiques, impressive paintings and other decorations - there were even a few statues. There were of course many rooms, with at least three of the rooms serving drinks and various hors d'oeuvres. Although I came from an upper middle class family, I don't think I've ever been in such a house in all my life. Many of the other people were students, people I recognized but didn't know, and a few I did know peripherally. 

Melinda Dorset was the only person I knew well enough to call a friend, and we ran into her getting a drink from one of the bartenders. She seemed really gleeful to see us. "Elise! Kim! I'm so glad you both came!" She actually hugged me, and then she hugged Kim. Kim gave me a glance, and I knew why. They weren't the type of hugs where women bend over from two feet away from each other to keep their breasts from accidentally touching; these were true breast-to-breast, bosom-crusher hugs. Then she stepped back, looked us both over and started with the compliments about how absolutely super we looked. 

She didn't look too bad herself, although she had dressed with deceiving casualness. I used to have a part time job on 5th Avenue in New York when my family lived there. She looked like she was wearing a really pretty red sweater with matching mini skirt, white lace hose and cute little zipper boots. What she was really wearing was a maraschino red Magaschoni cashmere button sweater, a maraschino red check tweed 'Isla' A-line mini skirt, and Gucci classic zippered boots. I had no clue about the stockings, but judging by the lovely and intricate lace pattern they were quite expensive, too.

I was being a smart ass when I said she didn't look too bad. Dear little Melinda looked like a bomb and so cuddly I half wanted to hug her again. I was mystified by the quality of her clothes. Kim and I were dressed at the limits of our budgets, but neither of us was in Melinda's league tonight. I wondered who had dressed her and decided that was a catty thought. Unfortunately that didn't stop my mouth, "Melinda, that is such a fetching outfit. They're such beautiful clothes!"

"You are really one sexy fox tonight, Melinda," echoed Kim, who I don't think realized what I was talking about. I think Kim thought we were being sweet to Melinda, so she even hugged Melinda back and gave her a kiss on the cheek and added, "Thanks so much for inviting us to this wonderful party!"

Melinda beamed lovingly at Kim, and when Kim stepped past her to get to the bartender, she definitely checked out Kim's ass, or maybe it was her legs - it was all worth looking at, of course. But when she turned back to me, she was wearing a slightly hurt expression, "Yes Elise, these are expensive clothes, and since they were a gift from a lover, you can even say I earned them on my back, if you want to be cruel about it."

I was shocked and was sure my mouth dropped open, "Melinda, I didn't mean..."

She stepped closer to me and kept her voice even lower, "Yes you did, Elise. I know Kim doesn't really like me, but I honestly thought you were a kinder person."

I was getting really distressed now, "Okay, Melinda, maybe I deserve that, and maybe I don't. Do you think I could get a drink and we could maybe sit down and talk about it?"

Melinda seemed to relent a little and said, "Sure."

I stepped past her, ordered a rum and coke, and gave Kim a wink, and then I turned around, hooked Melinda's arm in mine and walked her to another room with only a dozen people standing about, selected us a brocade love seat and sat us down. I looked at the black buttons that ran diagonally down over her left shoulder and said, "Yes you were right, I do recognize the clothes, and hell yes, I am jealous of them. I'd love to be dressed like that, but it is none of my business how you got them, and I'm truly sorry you think Kim or I don't like you. We really do, and I especially do. You're smart, pretty, and I think your jokes are funny."

Melinda blushed and sighed, "I'm sorry if I over-reacted. It's just that you two are so gorgeous and sexy... I mean if you could only see what the two of you look like working out on the pommel horse... The two of you look like goddesses or something." Tears weren't actually falling but I could see them forming in her eyes, "All I've ever done is admire the two of you, and then the other day someone told me that Kim had told her that she thought I was a desperate little queer. I mean that cut me like a knife, Elise!"

I sighed, "Kim doesn't always mean it when she says stuff like that, and in fact I had it out with her tonight about talking behind people's backs. I won't say she's a changed woman yet, but she did promise to do better, and I will say that kissing you like that was strictly her idea. Besides, I honestly think that Kim is one of those people who reacts negatively towards homosexuality because deep down she may fear she has tendencies in that direction. I don't know if she does or not, but if she worries about it... In any case, you are underestimating Kim. She's a better person than you think, she just has this oral/foot problem."

Melinda's tears had dried back up without spilling, and she offered me a tentative smile, "You haven't asked if I was gay."

"Because I don't care one way or another," I shrugged, "How do you know I'm not gay?"

"I'm not gay." Said Melinda quietly, as if telling me a secret, "in fact, I even had a fiancée until about six months ago. I found out he was cheating on me, " Melinda looked me directly in the eyes. She had pretty blue eyes with long dark lashes, "But I am bisexual, and I am of course attracted to both Kim and you, maybe even more to you. So tell me, are you gay, or even a little bit bisexual."

"I am definitely not gay, Melinda, in fact I am horny enough to hope I might score before the end of the evening and score with a boy. I'm in the mood for a hard dick, just like Kim is tonight!" Her face fell a little, but then she tried bravely to brighten up. I went on, "As for bisexual, I don't know because I haven't tried it, and I'm not sure if I'd even want to..." I thought about Kim wrestling with me a while ago. I think part of me really did hope Kim would kiss me at the time. But I really felt a little confused about it. I suddenly realized Melinda was still looking at me, and I had no idea what she was reading on my face, so I added weakly, "I just don't know, Melinda."
