 Author's Note: Sorry it has taken me so long to update. Many things have happened- breaking my laptop and a bout of writer's block being some of them- that significantly slowed down the process of this story, but I'm back now!!:) I appreciate any feedback on the story. I love constructive criticism so that I can improve, votes are much appreciated, and just reading story is great as well. Enjoy!!

~~~~~~~~

Laurena guided me towards the administrators' office before she stopped and turned towards me once more. A magnificent smile formed on her face as she looked at me for a moment before she began speaking.

"Please wait here, Love, while I go speak with the Authorities." she requested before leaning forward to place her soft, pliable lips to mine. I was dazed when she withdrew; my mind had short-circuited causing me to only be able to muster a dimwitted nod in reply. 

She planted one more kiss on my forehead before forcing herself to enter the offices. After her departure, I snapped out of my haze and noticed many men watching me with lecherous gazes causing me to hesitantly sit on one of the dingy lounge chairs to wait. The lobby was gloomy; the barely hanging lights were old and ignored were the cause of the very little illumination. The smell of mold was copious and off-putting as it drifted throughout the lounge. The wallpaper had begun to separate from the wall in many places adding more to the lobby's charm and welcoming atmosphere.

There was a wide array of men of loitering in the lobby including both those with business attire and some that appeared of abysmal means. In the beginning of the legalized sex trade industries, there had been a mixture of men and women that would regularly visit brothels, but it was soon discovered to be a problem. 

While waiting to be attended to, it would often get out of hand as raunchy men attempted to assault those women waiting in the lobby with them. This became such a regular occurrence that it was eventually considered a high risk for any woman to enter such establishments. 

Needless to say, the government soon interfered and separated the brothels to make them cater to either male or female customers only per establishment. The aroused men in my current surroundings all eyed my body with blatant interest and due to my uniform could clearly see all of my physical attributes. 

The uniform was similar to a bathing suit and translucent so that "workers" could be evaluated by customers onsite. The material was almost non-existent and was only worn due to its apparent cleaning properties that kept servants more clean in between sessions.

They had been implemented after the complaint by customers from the past about the often dirty states of the sex slaves of the establishment became too common and caused a decrease in revenue. I helplessly watched as the men around me progressed from simply leering to purposefully invading my space. 

"Shouldn't you be in the back on your back, sweetheart?" one of the more bold men asked as he leaned within inches of my face. The smell of his decaying teeth drifted up my nose and overpowering the lobby's natural moldy aroma, and though I tried to avoid looking at him, I could see his twisted face sneering in my peripheral. 

Another man also moved closer, and I could see others shifting forward as well. His face was a stark contrast to the previous man's due to its deceivingly innocent, boyish qualities. His expression, though, contradicted his features as he, and all others, wore an expression of malice while they thought of what they planned for my future treatment. 

The tension in the room increased until it was palpable as I slowly but surely was surrounded by them all. The number of eyes on me was making me uncomfortable, and I began to feel claustrophobic at the nearness of them. 

This caused me to stutter, "I, uh, I...-". Before I could overcome my nervousness to finally form a coherent sentence, my train of thought was interrupted when a rough hand started gripping my breast. 

The calluses on the hand were acute and easily felt through the sheer material of my outfit. The hand was only there momentarily, though. I looked up in confusion to see an irate Laurena standing nose to nose with the owner of said hand. 

I could see him cradling his now gnarled hand as he looked at her with a terrified expression. Laurena's face looked murderous and growingly animalistic. I quickly called her name to calm her down. 

She didn't drop her eyes from the guy before her, but I watched as her muscles eased a little bit, and her face became a more controlled, deadly mask. "Try that shit again," she dared in a seemingly calm voice that plummeted the temperature of the room while she bored a hole into his pupils with her sharp, glacial blue eyes. 


She turned from him to the man stupidly still invading my space. She didn't utter a word; instead her mask dropped slightly, allowing a wild glint to shine in her eyes.

Sensing danger, he retreated quickly causing him to bang his head into the face of someone behind him. After watching him withdraw, her gazed softened slightly as she turned to me and held out her hand. I could see her eyes shifting, though, as she still monitored the men in the room with her peripherals. 

As I took her hand, I marveled at the paradox found in her soft and gentle yet dangerous hands. A small smile played on her lips as she watched me place my hand in hers. After I stood, we both moved and started to head outside.

Suddenly, an authority busted through the office door and searched the room briefly and swiftly before heading towards us. Laurena's brow crinkled in confusion at his haste and direction. "Yes?" she said in a gruff voice. 

"We've decided that we were no longer satisfied with the agreement. Here is your money back, now return our servant. " He said in an arrogant voice that implied that he fully expected Laurena to comply.

She glanced at him for a second and then simply laughed in reply as she once again turned to leave. 

"We calculated how much future revenue she'd bring in and real-" he rushed out to our departing backs while hurrying after us. I had been focused on keeping up with Laurena's long strides, so I was taken off-guard by her abrupt 180-degree turn back towards the now desperately rambling man. 

"I don't give a flying fuck about that shit. I have the contract in my pocket that says she is now a free woman. I advise you to shut your mouth and walk quietly back into your office," she said in that same frighteningly calm tone. 

The man began shrinking under her intense gaze before he seemed to remember that there was an audience watching the entire scene, which caused him to straighten his back and rise to full height. 

He put on a facade of confidence as he replied, "You're not leaving with that slave, ma'am. I'd appreciate if you took your money and left peacefully." Laurena squared up with the man and rose to her full height as well, making her taller than him, her commanding presence making it easy to see how she had secured her position as captain of such a large ship.

"Um, uh, we can, uh, force you to stay here uh-uh-until new terms have, um, been met," he continued on to squeak in a high, nervous voice. I felt a strange sense of satisfaction as I watched one of my tormentors squirm. 

Laurena took two rapid steps toward him in reply, causing him to stumble back and fall onto his butt. "Or we can graciously keep our side of the bargain." He rushed out in a panicked voice before she could utter another word. 

Laurena just continued to look at him as if still considering harming him before coming back to my side and grabbing my hand again. We walked out of the building without a backwards glance.

We stride up to a hover car. The street around us was riddled with trash. There were overflowing and overturned garbage cans lining both sides of the street. The buildings around us all had a dark, somber look; they were painted a pale grey. The car we approached had a detailed, pointed design and was painted a royal blue with several thin white stripes going down its meddle. My lack of knowledge of cars probably depreciated some of its greatness, but even I thought it was grandiose.

She opened my door for me, and I immediately noticed all of the modifications on the inside of the car. I looked up to her smirking face and instantly know most of this is illegal, if not all.

"Seriously? Being a pirate captain isn't enough? Hover racing as well?" I said incredulously. "How do you know I hover race?" she asked innocently. I gave her a disbelieving look that instantly made her smile guiltily. 

"It's fun," she muttered like a child as she started up the hover car, and we began moving. Buildings blur as we speed by them. There was silence in the air, but it was more so reflective than anything else. 

I thought of my rapid change in situation. Yesterday, everything seemed bleak and monotonous, but now, I couldn't help but be optimistic about my future. I turn and look at Laurena.

Her strong, angular face was facing forward as were those beautiful eyes as she surveyed the air around us. Her face was set in a stern contemplative look that I envision her wearing while planning the ship's next strike.

Feeling my gaze, she glanced in my direction before speaking. "You're staring." she says, her eyes flashing to me briefly while an amused smile lingered on her face. 

Her voice snapped out of the trance I had been under, and I blushed, ducking my head to play with my dirty nails. The more I looked at them, the more I doubted the truth of my situation.

My mind flashed back to her extravagant room. How could some one of such obvious splendor want someone like me, someone who has little to no value in the world? So lost in my thoughts, I did not register Laurena's voice or my then shaking hands as my mind trapped me in fear.

"Love?" I vaguely heard her say in a questioning tone as I tasted salt water on my lips. Only the taste of it made me realize that I am crying and only her hand on mine made me realize the extension of my trembling. 

"Shh, Love, it's okay." I heard her coo in a calming, gentle voice while she effortlessly picked me up to sit in her lap. Her heartbeat pumped steadily beneath my ear. 

As I calmed, I noticed that we were on a lower ship level and surrounded by men who all seemed to be mechanics and were gaping in apparent shock at their Captain's open display of affection. 

Not being able to take the stares any longer, I took a series of deep breaths before lifting my head and giving Laurena a wane smile. 

She looked deeply into my eyes before saying, "I know this is scary; I'm scared too, but we can be scared together, and we can be brave together because, honestly, I'm more scared when we're apart." 

I nod and beam as her words settle in my mind. We meet halfway to share a tender kiss before I once again become aware of the audience scrutinizing our every move. 

I reluctantly slide off her lap and exit the car. Once we have both exited, I look up a Laurena with a cheesy smile before I say cheerfully, "Lead on, Captain!" 

After leaving her hover car in the storage deck below, we emerged onto the upper levels of the ship hand in hand. I noticed many men looking enviously at our intertwined fingers. 

They remained quiet under Laurena's gaze, however. The only man uncaring enough to say something was a giant, dangerous looking man. He had features reminiscent of a rough lumberjack with dark brown hair and steel gray eyes. 

A wicked scar trailed down from his hair to split his top lip unevenly. That same uneven lip was curled as he bellowed in deep, strong voice, "What is this filthy prostitute doing here?"

His icy gaze swept down to our clasped hands and remarkably became even more frozen before jumping up to meet mine. I felt a chill of fear pass through me. His eyes travelled from mine to Laurena's before he continued, "Does she mean something to you?" 

I had watched Laurena's body tense when he had first spoke of me in such a bad manner, so I had begun to stroke her hand in hopes of comforting her some. Her reply to his question stopped my heart. 

"She's my new bedmate, nothing more." she says while releasing my hand. A crowd had built at the beginning of the questioning by the rugged man, and I bumped into a body as I unconsciously took a step backwards from Laurena's side. 

I lowered my head and took a small step forward away from the person behind me but remained separate from Laurena. I saw Laurena glance to where I had before stood then briefly she met my eyes before turning back to the rudely inquisitive man before her.

Some of the suspicion was gone from his eyes though there was an evident envy inside of them. "Why should you be allowed to have a steady partner while the rest of us are not?" he demanded while stepping toward Laurena. 

Laurena's eyes became fire as she strode forward and seized his throat in a tight hold, lifting him slightly from the ground. The man immediately reached to her hand around his throat and frantically tried to remove it. 

I watched in amazement at her strength as she held him aloft, and he failed to even loosen her grip. "Why do you think you can keep challenging me, brother, when the rest cannot?" she whispered in a slightly crazed voice.

I shuffled nervously as I watched his struggles weaken. How was she able to hold him up so easily? I thought to myself. My movement broke her concentrated glare from her sibling and caused her to suddenly release him and slowly step to me.

I met her gaze only briefly before looking down and heard her sigh in response before leading me to the top floor of the ship that held her room. I ignored my splendid surroundings while her words constantly reverberate in my head. 

My head descended even more when I am stopped in the middle of her plush carpet while she moves to lock the door. Abruptly, I felt her strong arms engulf me from behind.

My body slackened subconsciously as a deliciously warm body imprinted itself to mine and a heated breath blew over my neck. Scalding hot lips touched the side of my neck, causing me to feel desire despite my unhappiness with her. 

"No." I heard myself say, and I take advantage of Laurena's shock to break free of her arms. "I want you to explain what we are to each other before we go forward." Rage boiled in my stomach. 

It was arrogant of her to assume that I would not need an explanation. Were my feelings irrelevant? Did she mean it when she proclaimed she loved me? These thoughts- and others similar to them- ran through my mind as I awaited her answer.

Her lust filled gaze was fleetingly hazy with confusion before it immediately became contrite. She moved in my direction as she attempted to explain herself. "I know what I said was horrible, and I'm sorry you had to hear that." she starts cautiously. 

She paused for a second to collect herself and pushed her fingers through her hair while staring at the carpet. "I don't yet know how to explain our relationship to my crew," she pulls her eyes up from the floor to look into my eyes, her cerulean eyes begging for understanding.

"I was mostly trying to do what's best for your safety." I felt my face contort as disgust hit me at her words. "So I am better seen as a permanent prostitute on board a ship of lonely, desperate crewmen and women who can-by rule-only have sexual interactions with non-crew members? I'm sure that safety will now not be an issue." I said with obvious sarcasm tinting my voice. 

I observed as she opened and closed her mouth several times before I continued. "Be truthful and just say that you are too scared to risk your reputation." She was silent at my words at my words and just watched me with wide, apologetic eyes. I turned away from her to look out the window.

"I thought you said you loved me," I whispered, my voice small and fragile. "I do." she replied as I felt her arms begin to embrace me again. I broke free of her grip and turned to look at her incredulously. 

"So your love is so strong that you would purposefully allow others to believe that I am nothing but a play thing?" I screamed in complete outrage. "You can take your love and shove it!" I exclaimed as I moved towards the door. 

Her hands managed to grip my hips as I blazed a path to the door. My hand was on the door handle before briefly I was suddenly catapulted into a passionate lip lock. My mind was irate and wanted to struggle, but I couldn't help but return the kiss. 

She assaulted me with kisses, occasionally breaking to murmur, "forgive me", "please", and "I love you" before dragging me towards her lips again. We finally broke apart, resting our foreheads against each other's. "I thought we were brave together." I questioned in a thin voice.

I saw my words affect her; her eyes filled a bit and she reflexively pulled me towards her body. "We are going to be brave together. I'm sorry I made you feel that I didn't value you, and I'm sorry that I'm not yet strong enough to profess my love for you in front of my crew. I just ask- no beg- that you please give me time to find the courage. Please!" Her eyes shined with sincerity and hope as she searched my face for any signs of forgiveness. 

Holding her gaze I nodded and softly replied, "Okay." Gratitude was easily discernible on her face as she lifted her hand to caress my cheek and leaned in to kiss me once more. 

The lip lock wore on for some time. My body grew hot as the kiss became increasingly more feverish, and the space that had existed between our bodies became nonexistent. I felt her hand trail down from my face to the hollow of my neck and gently graze the skin there. 

She continued on to bypass my breasts on her way to lightly stroke up and down my bare stomach. Coming back up to my breasts, she rubbed my nipples through the sheer fabric, causing them to pucker up and jut out proudly. 

Her lips left mine to travel to my neck, skimming any skin it passed on the way down. I moaned aloud as she found an erogenous zone there and sucked furiously, leaving no doubt that I would be marked as hers the next day. 

After some time, she traced her way back to my lips, giving me long, savoring kisses as if committing my lips to memory; every caress of her lips against mine held reverence and told me more than words how much she had missed me.

Slipping smoothly into my mouth, she started a sensual duel between our tongues that neither of us actually cared for winning. While our tongues danced, she lowered her hands to my hips and to hold me close to her body while also creating circles with her thumbs on my sides. 

I could feel the material of her shirt rubbing against my barely there top, arousing me further. She eventually pulled back to remove my top, completely exposing my mounds to the cool air. 

The already hardened tips firmed even more under her transfixed gaze. I could not contain a sudden cry as I found one of them swiftly enveloped in her moist, warm mouth. At this point, I knew that the lower part of my outfit is sodden with my arousal.

I threw my head back as I tangled my hands in her dirty blonde hair and wrap a leg around her waist, making the scent of my excitement more detectable in the air. I whimpered intermittently as she devoured my breasts with an unsurprising desperation.

I felt it too. I had been without her for so long that I felt starved, a desperate, savage hunger throbbing through me. She picked me up and laid me onto plush sheets and, finally, continued her trek towards my nether region. 

I waited in agonizing suspense as she moved slower and slower the closer that she travelled to her ultimate goal. She took her time removing the rest of my uniform while placing slow kisses on my inner thigh. "Please," escaped my mouth before the thought of begging has even fully formed in my mind. 
