 I feel you calling out to me in your dreams ...your desire and love for me traveling through the night beckoning me. Suddenly, I am in the room with you... Moonlight falls over you, bathes you and the room in its' pale glow while you sleep. Your back is to me.... the exquisite silhouette of your body causes my heart to beat out of control. The lovely curve of your hips... your graceful back.... the way your hair cascades over the pillow in dark spirals. 

I remove all my clothing.... nothing must come between us. I want to feel your body against mine. I slip into bed behind you...careful not to wake you up. I want to savor these moments.... the steady rise and fall of your chest as you breathe. The feel of your warm body molded against mine. The smell of your hair enchants me...holds me spellbound.

Your exposed neck calls for my lips... I place a tender kiss upon the nape of your neck... your pulse beats below my lips... fast and urgent. You wrap your arm around my head pulling me into you. I kiss along your jaw.... my hand on your throat pulling you towards my mouth, your body turning into mine. I take your lower lip into my mouth... gently sucking on it. You pull me into the kiss...your mouth opening. Our tongues caress. A soft moan escapes your lips as our kiss deepens. Your hand tangles in my hair tightening as our passion ignites... pulling me into you. Our tongues dance over one another as the fire between us burns out of control. 

My hands fall onto your hips...pulling your body against mine. The feel of your body pressed so close to mine, takes my breath away. My moan is captured in your mouth. My breathing gets heavier as you kiss my neck... and gently nibble. The feel of your teeth on my skin makes me shudder. I lose all restraint... my need for you consumes me. 

I want to taste your sweet apricot perfumed skin. I want to hear you cry out for me. All that matters is my desire for you.... an eternity would not quench these feelings I have for you. They only grow stronger as time moves on.

The feel of your breasts against mine drives me to madness.... My mouth aches to have them.... To taste those tender buds. Not being able to control myself any longer, I remove the blankets that cover our bodies. My eyes devour every glorious inch of you that is revealed. My eyes savor the lovely sight of you.... the moonlight casts a pale glow upon your body... your eyes are raw consumed with need. Your lovely belly... your amazing breasts, heavy and hard with desire.... The delicate curve of your hips.... Your lavender panties and the sweet temptation that lies covered beneath the satin and lace. An eternity would not be long enough for me to explore the wonders of your body.

Your skin feels so soft under my hands.... I bend my head to your lovely breast. I take your nipple into my mouth.... the taste of you driving me past the point of reason. All I want or understand is the need to please you. Ever so slowly, my tongue moves over your hard nipple... tender circles around the tip bring moans of delight to your lips. Your hands caress my hair as my mouth is upon you. My need drives me to suck upon your nipple harder. My teeth gently nipping you, brings an urgent moan to you lips... your need matching my own. 

Kneeling before you... I slowly remove your panties.... savoring the moment. Revealing your wet and swollen sex.... Pulling your panties past your knees and gradually down your legs. I grasp your ankles...one in each hand. I bring them to my lips as I place a tender kiss on both before I place them on either side of me. Slowly, I kiss a path down your left leg, my teeth grazing the surface, never enough to bring pain, just pleasure. Your breath coming faster as my kisses bring me closer to your sex..... I long to know the taste of you. My mouth waters at the thought of having my lips upon you.... to bring you wave after wave of pleasure.

I lower my lips to you... running my tongue up the length of your lips... ever so gently parting them with my tongue. I feel your body tense with anticipation beneath my hands. You cry out as I take your clit into my mouth. Gently sucking on it... the soft pull of my mouth causing your hips to gently rock into me. Your breath comes faster as my tongue plays over your swollen bud. I languidly run my tongue around your clit as a delightful moan escapes your mouth. Your hands are in my hair, pulling me into you. Urging me on. Eagerly, I move upon you, as your hips respond to every touch of my tongue. Your moans are exquisite...they spur me to bring you to the brink of pleasure. I crave to push you over the edge of ecstasy...to have you cry out my name over and over again. I want you to leave your body... to be nothing but the pleasure that breaks over you.

My tongue still plays over your clit as I delicately suck upon you. Your body starts to tremble, as intense waves of pleasure run through your body. Your hips rise off the bed as my tongue moves over you more intensely now. Your fingers wrapped tightly in my hair...pulling as you completely lose control. You are at the edge.... that point where there is nothing but pleasure. Your cries call out into the night. Your body trembles as you climax.

And yet, I am not done. I want to take you further... I want to have you totally lost in the pleasure. I take your hips into my hands slowly turning us over so our positions are now reversed. I am lying on the bed and you are over my hungry mouth. Gently, my tongue enters you... Moving slowly in and out of you. Your hips moving in unison with my tongue. Your need builds. You lose control.... your pleasure consumes you as you move across my tongue. Faster and harder your body moves into my eager mouth. You ride me hard and urgent as tidal waves of orgasmic pleasure break over you. You body trembles uncontrollably as my tongue thrusts inside you... Harder and faster we move towards your oblivion. You call out my name over and over again as you climax again. 

Still trembling, you slide my down my body. The exquisite torture of your body moving upon mine. The feel of your legs as they wrap around my hips..... You look into my eyes.... my need and love for you plainly written across my face. My whole body calls out for your touch. You kiss me tenderly upon the lips. When you break the kiss, I see a wicked smile upon your face.... I wonder what magic you have in store for me?