 MYA

Danielle. It was always Danielle. Whenever I didn't want her to call, that's when she did and that, like most inopportune times before it, was another time I didn't need her calling. We broke up a while ago and that wasn't gonna change anytime soon so those early in the A.M. calls weren't needed. Then Angel wondered what the hell was going on. First night in my house and already there could have been some unwanted drama that could have scared her away. As I straddled her thighs on one of my kitchen chairs we both stared at my phone next to hers, ringing to Sheryl Crow's "My Favorite Mistake" and lighting up the dark room. Angel looked at the phone while I sunk my head into her right shoulder; I didn't need to see the display.

"Mya," she started, "who's Danielle?"

My favorite mistake, I thought.

"An ex," I said, forehead still resting on her, "a long forgotten ex."

"Well, with a song like that playing for her I would hope she wasn't a current friend. I would be pissed if that song played for me!"

Angel started to giggle. Something I was stressing about suddenly turned into a simple giggle and the problem was averted. I just knew that her calling then would cause a problem but Angel was just that, an angel about it. She even comforted me at the same time.

"I guess it may be easy for you to forget some people, but from what I just experienced I know that it's hard for anyone to forget you, especially for long."

Damn she was sweet. I was seriously infatuated with that sweetness and it only made me want to be just as sweet with her. Somehow she brought it out of me and because of that alone, I knew she was someone I had to keep around for a while. I've dealt with some bitches and serious hoes in my last few relationships and it always rubbed off in a bad way. I had done some terrible things in my life to various people who either did or didn't deserve it in various degrees and it all stemmed from the women I was involved with. But Angel was different. 

From the first time I saw Angel I knew she was different. It was about 5 ½ months ago, apparently only a couple of weeks after she got with Marcus. I saw from the jump that they weren't meant for each other. To start, she has got to be one of the most beautiful Latin women I have ever seen in my life and he has got to be one of the roughest things I've ever seen crawl out of a dumpster. I was still with Danielle then so I didn't run up and try to snatch her from him immediately but I can say that I was tempted, especially after seeing how they were together. He obviously couldn't give her the attention she needed and she seemed too quiet and reserved to complain. I talked with her that day for a little bit just to see where her head was at noticed that she was just the most darling thing in the world. I hadn't been used to that in a woman anymore, actually being genuine and sincere with every word that was said. She came across as so intelligent, yet longing for something more. After that day I was determined to be that more that she needed and I broke up with Danielle a few days later. It's funny now that I think about it. I broke up with Danielle in order to pursue Angel and now I was worried she would fuck it up now that I got her. But Angel just convinced me that it wasn't going to happen with her beautiful giggle. She wondered why I wanted to convert a straight girl instead of just going after another lesbian. It was because she wasn't like any other lesbian I had ever met and I felt we could use her on the team. Besides, Danielle was bi, that didn't count to me.

Angel and I dismissed the call and walked back up to my bed to hold each other until we both passed out. I was content with what happened that night and ending it with her in my arms was a success. We were asleep for about an hour or so when I heard that damn song go off again on my phone from downstairs. Angel didn't wake up, thank God, but I did and it pissed me off. I stormed downstairs and pressed the ignore button on the phone, turned it off and walked back upstairs to finally…fall asleep for the night.

A few weeks had passed and we finally got all of Angels' shit moved in. She may not have been serious about moving in at first but I had been preparing for a while. I paid for her to break her lease on that little apartment she was in and made sure that everything she needed was kept either in storage or had a place in her new home. It's not like she needed much though, I had everything she needed and more. At first I felt like I was overcompensating or trying to do too much like Bette on The L Word when she hooked up with Tina so I slowed down on just showering her with praise and adoration every other second and let her just feel out the whole situation for a moment. It was her first lesbian relationship and if I could have it my way, it would be her last relationship with another person, period.

At first I wanted her to quit her job and let me handle things but we both agreed that she would probably be bored out of her mind and plus she had this thing about having her own money to spend. It just made her seem even more gorgeous me, especially after she suggested that she start taking some classes online to get a degree or two in her spare time. I knew I had found a girl I had to keep; unlike most people, she was already smart and wanted to become even smarter. Who wants to argue with intelligence? And then there was the sex.

My God, I don't know if she was always like this before we got together but she just seemed like she was ready for anything at anytime. I never had to force her into sex at anytime; as a matter of fact, she was coercing me most of the time. I would get home from work and there was always something new she wanted to try. I guess she stayed up watching porn most of the day and got new ideas and wanted to try them out. Of course with my experience there wasn't too much new to try but doing it with someone I actually cared about made it that much better. She began frequenting the local adult bookstores buying up all kinds of toys, vibrators and of course, clothes and lingerie. At first kept to her normal set of things at Victoria's Secret, getting little bra and panty sets with robes to match until she noticed that VS wasn't the place to get the sexiest shit and ran into my territory at Fredrick's. 

And damn was she ever fine in that shit! She brought home corset sets that just hugged her body and put her curves on full display. There were no more bra and panty sets, just elaborate outfits that screamed fuck me and a body that echoed the sentiment. She even started buying me more shit too, pretty much turning a lot of nights into a fashion show with 5 inch heels, thigh high stockings and French tip fingernails. Oh yeah, and did I mention the camera? She took a sudden interest in photography after we got some professional pictures taken of us to hang in the house. She loved the detail that the pictures displayed and on a whim, bought this 8.1 Sony mega-pixel camera that looked like some shit the pros use. I got home and saw it hooked up to a tripod, then walked into the computer room and found her running through a few hundred pictures she shot of herself through the day. And man were they hot; a lot of them started out as just showing off her lingerie but then suddenly morphed into a strip tease and then hardcore sex with toys. She got hot watching me look at the pictures and ate me out right there on the floor. In two and a half months she transformed from what I thought was a timid girl to a full on wild child. And for now, I'll save the stories of what she started to do with me in public. I know the boys high school football team are gonna want to ride the bus everyday wanting to see another glimpse of a girl getting her pussy eaten in a convertible. What a day. 

But with all good things there must come the bad and Danielle represented that for me. Not that she was entirely bad by any means, but she kept calling me, looking for answers or whatever she was calling and texting for and making me extremely nervous by thinking she would show up at the house unexpectedly and tell Angel some shit I didn't need her knowing. For one, Danielle didn't even know I had a new girlfriend, let alone moved one in so soon after getting together. That probably would have really pissed her off because Danielle and I were together for about a year and I never even thought of letting her move in. I felt cramped enough when all of her toiletries ended up in my bathroom one day. I know it seemed bad but I felt something more for Angel in a few months than I did for Danielle in the entire time I knew her. Sometimes you just have to go for your gut. 

My gut kept telling me that Danielle was gonna cause a problem sometime in the near future, especially texting me and asking me to give her she wants from me. I was pretty sure I knew what that meant and I wasn't really trying to dwell on it but as always, shit pops up when you least expect it. What happened next was no different.

It was a Thursday night and Angel was home alone watching porn I guess when something I didn't want to happen happened. While rummaging my stash looking for something to watch that she hadn't already, she ran into one of the things I didn't want her to see at all. An unlabeled DVD-R inside of my Back That Azz Up case. The box for the porno looked so horrible I thought it would keep anyone from watching it. Hell, I actually threw away the actual DVD that came with it for the same reason to hide what was in there. Well, apparently Angel either got kinky or just curious as to the contents and popped the movie in while sitting at the edge of our bed and for the most part, that's all I'm aware of that happened. 

I guess I must have walked into the house from work about 10 or 15 minutes after she started watching the video. I never made much noise coming in because I figured she could be up to just about anything from studying to editing pictures so I didn't want to disturb her until I knew it was cool. In doing this I immediately heard moaning from upstairs and to be honest, I figured I just heard her watching a porno again and got a little excited. Sometimes I wear a business suit to work and whenever I do I make sure to dress sexy underneath it and that day was no exception. On the surface I had on a dark blue double breasted jacket with skirt to match that came down to above my knees with a nice long slit in the back and a pair of dark blue strappy heels. I also wore a nice pair of thigh-high white stockings and a white business shirt with a giant collar that protruded a few inches out of my jacket that was also unbuttoned down to the beginnings of my cleavage. Under all of that was where the fun was at; my white lace corset that made my modest perky B cups look like D's, easily, and the stockings were attached to a white garter belt. Sure it was a lot to wear but it made me feel marvelous throughout the day, especially knowing that Angel was gonna fuck me in it when I got home. It was always worth it.

I took my heels and jacket off and started to slowly creep upstairs while simultaneously unbuttoning my shirt the rest of the way. The house began filling up with her screams for whoever was on the TV to fuck the shit out of the girl with her and that made me so horny I almost ran up the stairs, but I had to keep my composure and keep steady. That was until I heard her moan that beautiful moan she always does when she starts getting herself off the way she likes. Its always a long hum like she just had the most delicious cherry and I was hell bent on feeling my own in her mouth right about then. I had to pause for a moment and just listen for a second with my back to the wall of the stairs while feeling myself up with my right hand through the silk material on my panties. I licked my thumb and middle finger on my left as well so I could twist my nipple back and forth to get ready for Angels' tongue. I was trying to be careful not to get myself off right there on the stairs listening to her but it was so hard not to. I had to have her right then and her moans were only getting more intense the longer I sat there.

"Mya," I heard her say. I didn't know if she knew I was home or was only wishing I was but I couldn't take it any longer. She startled me at first but I didn't feel like waiting anymore. I continued onto my destination and got to the door when in the middle of her moaning I heard her say, "That's right Mya, eat that bitch out!"

That's when I cracked the door open and saw it. Angel, lying on her back on the edge of the bed wearing a white spaghetti strapped tank top, boy shorts around her left ankle, masturbating to a movie of me and Danielle fucking! "Oh shit," I silently said to myself. A million things ran through my head at that moment. How long as she been watching? How long has she known about the video? Has she found any of the other ones? Just as I began those thoughts, I watched her climax right in front of me; both of her heels dug in the bed and lifted her up until the only things holding her up were her head and shoulders. Both hands were between her legs fiercely rubbing her pussy as her orgasm came to a head. "Mya YES OH GOD!!" she yelled out, mouth gaped open. She paused for a few seconds on the bed in that position and all I could do is stare at the TV. Just then I wondered if she had watched me watch her…watch me…shit. I figured it was time to fake like I just got home and ran downstairs to put my heels and jacket back on and walk back out of the door. I sat out there for a second thinking of what I just saw and what I was supposed to say or do knowing what I knew then. Was I supposed to forget it happened or get into it with her? Ask her what she thought or explain why I still have home made pornos of me fucking other women in the house? 

I didn't have time to think it out and I barged into the door after about 10 seconds. Surprisingly she was coming out of the bedroom at the same time I was making my second entrance. Her black boy shorts were pulled up now and apparently she had stopped the video because I only heard silence in the house. She did have the biggest fucking smile on her face though and I couldn't place if it was appropriate or not for me to smile back at her.

"Mya," she started, "I'm so glad to see you; I was just thinking about you."

I bet, I thought to myself. Looking at her perfect smile directed at me I couldn't help but to at least smile back, even if it was close mouthed. "I've been thinking a lot about you too," I finally said back. She and her bare feet got down the stairs rather quickly and kissed me as deep as possible, forcing her tongue into the back of my throat. I can't lie, the shit felt great.

"Mmmm," she said letting go of my face, "looks like you have on your business suit today. Does that mean I get to unwrap it for the prize inside?"

"As always," I replied. As nervous as I was trying to be Angel wouldn't let up on me and tore my jacket and shirt clean off and pulled my skirt straight down to the floor. She then found the strength to hoist me up on the back of the couch and take my heels off for me. I knew what all the attention was for and I was happy I made her hot but at that moment I wanted to know what she really thought of what she saw. 

I got my answer almost quicker than I could think the question. She came up and started to lick and stroke my neck wildly and in a moment came up for air and told me some shit that about blew my mind. "You know you're my favorite porn star now, right?"

"What?" I said. I tried to sound shocked at her saying something like that but at the same time she was rubbing my pussy through my panties even harder than I had been doing earlier and even started to lick my nipples.

"I found this home movie you were hiding of you fucking this black-haired white chick today. I got myself off harder than I think I ever have watching that shit. You are the fucking shit, you know that? I loved it!" Just then she bent down and pulled my panties to the side with her left hand and dug her face right into me, placing that soft tongue of hers right onto my g-spot and making my legs quiver.

"Are…you…serious…?" I managed to get out in between deep breaths. She was performing magic on me at that moment. Whatever she saw lit a fire inside her that I guess was dormant for a while. She was always freaky with me but right now she felt like she was getting downright dirty. Feeling her move around inside of me in all directions made it hard to sit down on the only inches thick top of the couch so I grabbed the back of her head to hold myself up. That's when she somehow pulled my panties right off of me and put the thumb and middle fingers of both of her hands into my hands for me to suck like lollipops. I didn't think too much about what her intentions were until I felt her hands leave my mouth and twist my nipples like they were radio dials. That factored in with her moving her tongue from inside me to my outside and doing long strokes on my clit forced me to hop off the couch (it was either that or fall backwards and stop the pleasure) but Angel, sex ready as she always was, made sure to keep the momentum going and as both of my feet touched the ground she continued to eat me out, now on her knees and bent backwards like she was doing the limbo! She even moved her right and from my left nipple and onto my stomach in order to hold me up momentarily as I tried to catch my balance. At least that's what I thought she was doing…until she deep throated her middle finger and moved her hand towards my ass moving directly through my legs. I was then experiencing my nipple being pulled, my clit being stroked as if she were a dog and I was a window and then there was an ripple in my body when I felt her finger start to sink its way into my ass. 

I shook once again trying to hold steady but my screams told a different story. I was only being held up by Angel at that point and something told me it wasn't going to be for long. "That's right my favorite porn star, come for me goddammit!!" She yelled that out kind of quick and got back to work on me, this time fingering my ass oh so good. She started to paddle my ass and all I could hear back there were quick, continuous slaps and my ass was so wet at that point from my dripping pussy it wasn't going to stop her until she wanted it too. It was almost too much to take at first, all this happening at once; especially once she caught a good rhythm with licking the center of my clit, poking my ass and rubbing my nipple hard. The only thing I think I could have wanted at that point would have been to kiss her while all of that was going on. I closed my mind during all of that pleasure and imagined myself kissing her. Soft, passionate and warm; her lips pressed to mine and the feeling of us being in that position forever. That right there put me over the edge and after only a short time, I orgasmed like only she could make me orgasm. My back shot up straight and felt a wave come over me as I squirted myself all over her chin, neck, chest and stomach. Her shirt was so wet now that I could plainly see her areolas and erect nipples through them. I let out a scream loud enough to wake the dead during that and tumbled so fast and hard straight down to the ground that I pushed the couch back a foot or two as I fell right in front of Angel who was rubbing my liquid all over her body and licking her lips as if she had finished a meal. 

I couldn't stand and she knew it so she slowly crawled over, turned me on my back and hopped on top of me and began to kiss me deeply again. "God you are so sexy to me right now," she told me, biting on my bottom lip and sucking on my tongue. "I need to see more."
