 I woke up in a tee-shirt and panties. I hadn't even remembered getting undressed last night. It wasn't that I had too much to drink. I think I was just exhausted from too much pleasure - too much sex. I just lay there for a moment thinking about all that had happened at the Carson's party. I'm a bisexual now. I had sex with women and had loved it. I expected to feel something more, perhaps shame, embarrassment or even a little horror. I had gone down on Melinda, and enjoyed it. I had even stuck my tongue up a woman's bottom, and instead of negative feelings the only thing I could feel at the moment was the slowly returning desire that last night had created in me.

I thought about how Roxy had ravished my body and how wonderful that had felt. I thought about making her come with my fingers, and felt once again the pride and accomplishment in having been the cause of her pleasure. Even as I analyzed every scrap of memory of last night, I could still find no guilt or shame. Instead, I felt an urge to rethink everything while touching myself. That's when I remembered leaving the party without Kim. I looked quickly over at her bed and there she was, asleep, her face, framed as it was by her lovely red hair, was as beautiful in repose as it was when she was awake.

I was tempted to wake her up to talk to me. I was dying of curiosity about what happened to her at the party. Other than at the very beginning of our arrival, I didn't see her at all in all the time I was there. But I knew she had gone upstairs with Roxy and her husband Steve. I was worried about how it had affected her. Instead, I got up as silently as I could and went to the bathroom. I peed, defecated and took my shower, surprised by how much I enjoyed the stimuli of these simple actions. I had apparently been changed by my sexual encounters last night into something of a sensualist. I hoped that lasted for a while because it made everything seem shiny, new and full of wonder.

I came back into the room wearing a towel around my waist and found Kim was up. She muttered something about bathroom and shot past me without saying anything else and closed the door. She was usually cheerful in the mornings. Typically, if it had been a weekday, we would have gone to the gym to workout before breakfast. Since it was a weekend, we usually walked over to the quad and ate breakfast in the café there. 'Weekends are for getting fat and lazy,' as Kim was fond of saying, 'and weeks are to burn it back off before the next weekend.'

I knocked on the door to the bathroom and called, "Hey, sweetie, you want me to wait for you to go with me for breakfast?" 

"No," she answered, "You go ahead. I might join you in a while."

"Okay, but my hair is wet and I left my brush in the bathroom." The brush appeared through a crack in the door, then as soon as I grabbed the brush, the door shut again."

I felt bad for her but went ahead and brushed my hair. I put on white cotton panties and a bra, and then donned jeans, a sweater and sneakers. I was about halfway through breakfast when Kim showed up. I noticed her neck length red hair with golden highlights first of course, and then she was sitting down dressed in a tee-shirt, jeans and sandals. I noticed she had painted her toenails red. Apparently for breakfast, she was having a croissant, some strawberry yogurt and coffee with cream. 

"Good morning, beautiful!" I greeted her.

She looked up at me with her gorgeous eyes. They were like jewels with blue and green striations. Eyes that would melt the coldest heart! "Why are you calling me beautiful? I have egg on my face or something?"

"I'm calling you beautiful because you are such a lovely sight in the morning, as you are at noon and dinner as well. What, did you have cynical dreams all night, or something?"

"More like or something," she answered cryptically. "Got any plans today?"

"Nothing specific," I said, "But there is a new DVD out that I was thinking of buying. We could stay in this evening and order pizza and watch it if you like - maybe a little wine? How's that sound? Or do you have a date tonight?"

"That sounds fine for tonight, and no, I don't have a date," she paused a moment, not looking at me and said, "Elise, I think we need to talk. Maybe back in the dorm after breakfast?"

"Okay, that sounds a little serious. Do I need to buy some beer or something? I don't think I can face serious this early in the weekend without some alcohol." I knew she wanted to talk about last night, and I was a little fearful of her reactions about it. I figured a little beer might mellow her some.

"That might be a good idea. I just..." she closed her eyes, "I'll wait for the beer."

She didn't say much of anything else, so I left her there after a short time and promised to meet her back at the dorm in half an hour. At the appointed time I showed up with the beer, took two out of the six-pack and stowed the rest in our mini-fridge. Kim was sitting on the floor cross-legged, which isn't as uncomfortable as it sounds since we have a powder blue deep pile carpet - one of the many contributions my father made and is making to my education. Kim was watching television and snapped it off when I handed her a beer.

"Now," I began, "if we are going to have girl talk, shouldn't we strip to tee-shirts and panties to make it more slumber-party-like?"

She shifted to face me more squarely, so I sat down across from her on the floor, "No. I'm sorry Elise, but this isn't at all funny, and when you've heard what I have to say, you're gonna be glad you kept your pants on."

I took a sip of beer, made an 'ahh' sound as if I was relishing it, and come to think of it, I was. I was still in full sensualist mode. "In the first place, Kim, I love you to death, but your sense of humor sometimes skews off center, so it might be funny anyway, and in the second place, I have the feeling that I will still will want to take my pants off, because I would be a helluva lot more comfortable. I got these jeans a little tight, you know, to show off my ass, not to be comfortable in, and they're not!" I felt it was going to be important for me to control the emotional tenor of this meeting and I was determined not to give in to Kim's grimness.

She sighed, "Elise, I am going to have to move out. I want to be around you, but I don't think you will want or need to be around me anymore."

"Are you going to start with a lot of farting and puking or something?" I asked, pretending to be alarmed.

"Elise, this is serious!"

"No, it's not." I shook my head; my hair wasn't quite dry yet.

"Yes it is!" quarreled Kim, frowning at me.

"And I KNOW it is not." I stated, putting spaces between the words. I am a happy wall, and Kim just didn't seem to realize how unmovable I was yet. "You aren't even an irresistible force, well in most ways you aren't, and I AM an unmovable object."

"Okay," said Kim with a play-along-with-the-loony roll of her eyes, "So how AM I an irresistible force?"

"You are irresistibly cute, and irresistibly sexy, and you are irresistibly lovable, but that's it. You have NO talent for seriousness." I could see I was winning because she was trying not to smile.

Then she got a bitter look, "Elise, I went queer last night and there's no going back."

I laughed out loud! I couldn't stop for a minute until I finally gasped, "And I KNEW you were wrong about not being funny." I gave her my most adoring grin, "Can you honestly not see the humor in such an idiotic statement? And that does it with the jeans."

I stood to pull down my jeans and Kim turned her head so as not to look, "Yes, I can see how that would sound funny if it weren't so horribly true. And please stop taking your pants off. Don't you get it? It might turn me on. In fact, it probably would!"

I stepped out of the jeans and said, "Kim Marie Connors, you turn your head and look at me, or I will take off the panties too, and everything else." I raised my voice just a trifle, "I swear!"

Reluctantly and as if she were forcing herself to look at a firing squad, she turned her head and looked up and down at my legs. I knew she could easily make out the dark delta of my pubic hair through the thin cotton panties. "I knew it!" she muttered then at a normal level she added, "Aren't you afraid I might make a pass at you or something? I mean I won't, but I just worry that you will find me gross to be around, knowing that I might have thoughts about your body."

"No," I said with a bored tone of voice, "Actually I'm afraid you won't make a pass at me, but I do have my pants off for your convenience if you change your mind." I sat back down cross-legged in front of her.

"Elise," she pleaded, "You're hurting me by not taking me seriously."

"No I'm not." Sounding more stubborn than I felt, "What I'm doing is trying to keep you from hurting yourself and hurting me in the bargain." I allowed myself to sound serious just a little while longer, "You had sex with a woman. Fine. That doesn't mean you still don't like men. Wouldn't you have enjoyed fucking Steve if he played for the right team?"

"Well yeah, he was quite a..." She gave me a startled frown, "Hey! How did you know about that?"

"Because I went upstairs with them before you did, silly. My God! Isn't that Roxy just the most fabulous lover? I mean at first I was pretty weirded-out, you know, but then I was just putty in her hands. And I bet you are all rocked about how it was the greatest sex you ever had, right? Well it was for me too, but you don't see me running in circles and quacking like a duck. Roxy is an expert lover. That doesn't make you queer. It might mean you are bisexual, but according to Roxy, all of us are, if we meet the right lover."

Kim looked stunned from my little speech; as well she should since I had deftly pulled the whole tragedy aspect of the experience out from under her. She stared at me a moment, almost daring to hope, then looked sad again, "I bet you didn't go down on her."

"No," I sighed, "I didn't; but that's just because..."

"Well I did," Kim interrupted with masochistic triumph, "She suggested I might enjoy it, so I put my face between her legs and licked her pussy until she came." Then playing her final card to prove beyond any shadow of doubt the full depths of her perversity, "And she was right. I did enjoy it - no, I think I even loved it! And you're going to trust me to not jump your bones some night? I'm really not liable to, Elise, in fact I don't want to do any more of that sex stuff with women. I feel terrible about having had the experience. I hate myself for being attracted to good innocent girls like you. You see? I'm in a miserable situation. Why would you want to be around a miserable person?"

I assumed a mock frosty tone; "You dare to quack at me when I am in mid-sentence. You stupid, queer duck! As I was saying, I didn't go down on her because I was a little intimidated. I was afraid I wouldn't be good enough for her, and I didn't want to look or feel silly. So, I just fingered her off while kissing her breasts. I was confident enough to do that. She did seem to really enjoy fucking my calf though. It was kind of nice, really."

"She fucked your what?" Kim was regarding me with a mixture of puzzlement while frowning at the same time. It made me giggle.

I continued airily, "I wanted to go downstairs and find Melinda. Then went we went into a bathroom, and she told me this fantasy she had about going down on you, and it sounded so good to me that I acted out the part of you in her fantasy, and you know what? It was wonderful fun. I swear I got so turned on from watching myself in the mirror while I fucked her cute little face - well; you had to be there... Come to think of it, at the time, I was wishing you could see what I was doing to her. I looked SO HOT!"

"You fucked Melinda in the face? And that was her fantasy about me?"

"See," I said, "And I thought you were too stupid to follow a conversation and here you are, summing things up nicely for me as I go along." I was of course being as California girl as I could, trying to get Kim to finally see the absurdity of her 'trauma,' but it was hard work. "So, anyway it was after she did that to me that I picked her up and put her on the counter and I went down on her. At one point, I even tongued her ass. And you're right, that was as much fun to do as it was to, you know, have it done to you, both the pussy and the ass thing. So, I'm in love with eating pussy, too, and now you want to go away and leave me all alone and horny by myself. You are a beast duck!"

"You really did all that last night?" Kim looked pretty distrustful as if I had made the whole thing up. "Look it doesn't matter what you did. I am not going to have sex with women anymore, either. But I just wanted you to know that I did, and that I loved it, and now I am ashamed of it. That's why I would rather you put your pants back on. It awakens desires in me that I have no intention of responding to, so I am left just feeling uncomfortable, and more miserable."

I sighed, "Kim if you feel that way now, you probably felt that way before when you saw me in my panties. You were just repressing it, and everybody knows what a bad thing repression is."

Kim looked between my crossed legs as if to confirm something, "Yep, I'm sorry, Elise, and I will stay if you really want me to, but it is definitely turning me on to see your panties, especially seeing the outline of your pubic hair through your panties. And I disagree about the repression thing. I never thought looking at your panties were interesting before because I didn't know that I could enjoy what you have under them. It's more like I lost my innocence."

I was quiet for a moment because what she said made a lot of sense. Then I thought I would share some of what I was thinking. "Okay, I can see that, but what I don't understand is how it happened to me last night and I feel fine about it, and why you are so different and have to feel miserable about it. I mean, do you think I'm a pervert because I enjoyed sex with two women last night, and have every intention of having sex with women again?"

She shook her head, "Well no, Elise, I can't think of you as a pervert. It sounds like you have a very healthy attitude about what happened. Maybe that means I have an unhealthy attitude about it, but I can't help the way I feel, can I?"

"You know yesterday before I went all queer and can't come back, I was actually kind of hoping that you were going to kiss me when you had me pinned the floor like that." I told her, "and you know that was before I could have even imagined going all the way with a girl."

Kim leaned forward a little as if telling a secret, "I nearly did kiss you, Elise. You were laying there so beautiful with your hair spread around you like a halo, and you dared me to kiss you, and for just a moment, I really wanted to go through with it?"

Okay, now she had me feeling sad. I reached up and touched her cheek, "Why didn't you go through with it, Kim? That would have been just the sweetest kiss, and I can almost taste the kiss I missed."

Kim's face turned a little pink, "I can almost taste it, too, Elise. But I didn't because..." and she shook her head then shrugged helplessly, "Too inhibited? Afraid of finding out I'm gay? I'm not sure. But you see? That's the thing that has upset me. I really don't think I will ever enjoy sex with men as much. I suddenly don't want to be with men like I did, I don't even feel interested in a penis anymore, really. Maybe you are bisexual, but I don't think I am. And yeah, Steve was cute before, but even if he was straight, I don't think I would be really interested anymore. I'm gay and I'm not going to have sex with women anymore. I'd rather be miserable."

"Ok, but don't you think you are possibly over-reacting from a trauma entirely manufactured in your own head. Isn't that at least possible?" I picked up her hand and squeezed it, "Suppose you started having sex with girl after girl, and after a couple of months or years go by and the novelty has worn off, and suddenly a cute guy comes up, and you feel something. He's really charming and nice, and you feel something more... Are you then going to go insane with grief and horror because you are really straight and you wasted all that time eating all that disgusting pussy?"

Kim gave me a smile and practically swallowed a chuckle, "So you think I should just go with this and see what happens?" She shook her head, "I don't think I can, Elise. But because you are definitely the saner of the two of us, I will try to think more positively. But I can't make any promises at the moment. I'm pretty confused." She looked admiringly at my legs, "I've always thought your legs were so beautiful for their athletic grace and strength, but right now I wish you would find some pants that you consider comfortable."

"Because you have no intention of heeding your desires? Good grief, Kim. What makes you think I'd let you into my panties anyway? Now if your desires were of a less say, lusty nature, I might let you touch them, put your cheek on them, or even kiss them. I have always thought you have beautiful legs too, and you have athletic grace and strength, and I wish you would take your pants off so I could enjoy the sight of your legs, too. Or are you afraid of me? Is that it, Kim? Are you afraid now that if I touched you, you would suddenly succumb to me and I would just have my lascivious way with you?"

Kim sighed, "I will admit that these jeans are tight." She turned up her can of beer and finished it. "Maybe I will take my pants off, if you'll bring me another beer." I got up to fetch her another beer. I still had about half of mine. I could hear Kim unzipping and pulling her jeans down behind me, and I didn't peek, although I wondered at the view she was getting when I bent over the mini-fridge in just my panties. I heard her add, "And yes, I am a little afraid of you, and why shouldn't I be. Roxy seduced me like it was nothing, and I think you're a lot more attractive than she is. But no, I'm not afraid to touch or kiss your legs, and I'm not afraid for you to touch or kiss mine, for that matter."

I walked back to her holding out a beer. She was back on the floor sitting cross-legged again, her lovely, curvy legs and feet bare. She was wearing white cotton panties like myself, and although I could detect the slightest bulge and shadow of her pubic hair, I couldn't be sure of the color. I found myself wondering if I wanted to seduce her. I sat down in front of her, but instead of crossing my legs, I spread them so that my feet were right beside her knees. I pulled my sweater down to cover my crotch, not so much to be modest as to at least seem to be. It was a bulky sweater but I knew it would soon ride up to reveal my crotch again.

In my position, I had to either lean back on my elbows or lean forward in order to find a comfortable balance, so I leaned forward putting my face about a foot and a half away from Kim's face. I reached for my beer and took a sip, then set it down quickly before it could cool my hand much. I then rubbed my hands together to warm the cool one. Kim followed all this with a kind of bemused interest, only mildly puzzled. God, she was so beautiful with her sexy legs, her cute face and her perky breasts pushing out against her tee-shirt.

"I've always wanted to touch your legs, Kim." I reached down and laid a hand on one of her calves, and gave it a warm squeeze. The muscle was solid and firm, and while my touching her was esthetically very pleasing, I felt a sexual thrill about it, too. "Ever since the first time I saw you in the gym wearing shorts."

"Yeah, me too," she said softly cupping my left calf in her hand and squeezing. As my calf muscles were relaxed, they were softer than hers since she was sitting cross-legged, but my muscle tone still kept them pretty firm. We were both barefoot and I noticed again, her red-painted toenails. She didn't usually do that. After one squeeze on my calf she ran her hand down to my ankle then back up to my calf. "Your leg feels really nice," she said, her voice still very soft.
