 The Air Force had been a good experience for me. I finished as a lieutenant and did 4 tours in the Mid-East, flying huge cargo planes and followed a career track to become one of the youngest female pilots in an international airline. I grew up in the mid-west a shy girl with loving parents. My real name is Wanique, but I wanted to be called Wanda which is what most people call me. I welcomed the challenge to become one of the few female pilots to make captain as there are not many women flying the left seat these days, fifteen years into the 21 century. I came from a multi-racial family, by Dad was African American and my Mom was Native American. We had many diverse traditions around our home and acceptance and respect were paramount concerns which both my parents imparted upon me. 

Coming up, I knew so many men who had helped me along the way, who were sincere good guys who wanted equality for qualified women who were tough enough to endure the shit most commercial pilots had to handle. I had many torrid love affairs with guys and I enjoyed most of them. I've got a well-conditioned body, with flowing black hair, and I still try to keep in good shape. But I always knew there was something missing in my sex life. I'd always find myself gazing at certain older attractive women and wonder what they looked like in bed fingering their pussies. I'd fantasize hours on end and then rent videos to help me get off on these wild imaginings too. This change happened over a period of only a few months, and I realized that I had to stop living the fantasy of what could be and start dating real women.

I felt the unmistakable attraction to women as far back as high school, but was afraid of the repercussions in the small town where I was raised. There had been secretive trysts with a few women in my cohort in the military, but definitely not enough to amount to anything serious. I was always more attracted to women slightly older than I, especially middle aged mothers. That's why Nora came to mind. 

I met Nora when she was a junior reporter for a local TV network affiliate which came to interview the few female pilots in out group. The moment I laid eyes on her, a rush of energy went up my spine bypassing my rational mind. Goosebumps ran up on my arms, and a warm sensation crept into my sex, all a firm clue I was attracted to this beautiful woman. I was nervous during her interview but everyone thought I did well, and Nora was a comforting interviewer. Afterwards, she and I got to talking and she must've picked up my attraction because she asked me if I wanted to join her for dinner that night. I was taken aback, but didn't want to let this beautiful woman out of my sight that easily. I remember being anxious about meeting her in private, but she allayed any of my anxieties with her voluminous poise and charm. We had a lovely dinner, and after that she invited me up to her spacious hotel room. I could see she enjoyed her career immensely which really turned me on. Plus, she was affectionate even when we were having dinner. She was touching my arms and complimenting my hair and body. 

Nora was a lovely women with shoulder length, auburn hair and shapely legs and an overall beautiful body. For a mother of a ten year old boy at the time, she was hot. She was upfront about her recent separation from her husband which made her available to search out young women like myself for fun times. I don't think she ever thought it could be something long term. I know back then I didn't. She totally seduced me into one of my first head over heals trysts. That first kiss we had was so intense, while we shared some cognac. She put her hand on my thigh and we kissed on the sofa, her hands went all over me. Her warm fingers were in my panties so quickly, feeling my warmth and desire. I felt her face in my hands and we kissed for what seemed like hours. I still recall her soft lips on my nipples, and her fingers removing my saturated panties as we got naked for the first time. I trembled at seeing her mature breasts, her wide erect nipples poised to be suckled. She introduced me to tribbing and she was so good at rubbing her luscious pussy mound into my clitoris, I could've done it for hours with her. In my euphoric recall, I can still feel her course pubic hair on my clit as we moved in synch with one another, it was so delicious! Then she got on top but also encouraged me to take my time and suck her sweet pussy. I was in heaven when she moaned with delight and kept pressing her sex into my face for more. That night she fucked me so hard with her favorite strap on, but she always took her time and teased my clit with it for what seemed like eternity. I remember our shower afterwards, when I finger fucked her against the shower stall with her whispering in my ear to never stop. Our kisses and caresses went on way into the wee hours of the morning.

I was so into making love to her and she into me, I don't know why I didn't follow her to New York when she got her promotion. I was just about to leave the service and wanted to get a good job flying commercial jets. We tried to keep in contact but I thought she'd meet another woman who'd satisfy her better than I could. It was a one month tryst and we must've made love almost every night of that month. She helped me so much with my self image, always reminding me of my sculpted legs and tight abdominals. She adored my dark skin tone and firm 36 C cup tits, capped by dark wide aureolas . She loved sucking my thick ultra-sensitive nipples to no end and I adored sucking her robust, extended clitoris until she'd flood my mouth with her cum. But I was confused about where I was heading career-wise and resigned that I was too young for her and thought she would just move on. I knew how busy she was and she and I continued to email each other for months afterward, but eventually we just drifted apart. Still, I had trouble meeting the right woman, who could turn me on and make me feel so comfortable like Nora. I recently saw a post on Tumblr which really summed up my feelings about our passionate one month tryst:

"There's passion, or there's nothing. And I want the type that drips down your back and soaks the sheets. The kind that makes you lose sleep, and late for work in the morning. The type of passion she still feels between her legs the next day. Passion that begins in one room, and ends on the floor of another. I'm talking about the kind that pins down wrists, and demands eye contact. Passion that makes her body quiver, and her legs tremble. I mean passion thats so seductive that she would never dream of looking for it from someone else. That's so uninhibited, intimate, and full of handfuls of hair, or hips, or their neck, or ankles, and makes you wish they had more hands. But they don't. And its more than enough. And when you finish, you're finished. And you know, in between those short breaths and messy hair, there's passion. Or there's nothing."

-J. Raymond

The airline used their senior pilots to monitor the newer ones and everyone had to be re certified after a few years on the job anyway, but when new aircraft came into the fleet everyone had to go to the simulator to update their skills and getting another check ride with a senior pilot.

Captain Lydia Cunthington, an aggressive self taught pilot who was one of the first group of female commercial pilots in the country was raised around planes. Her dad had been a test pilot back in the cold war days and even her mother knew how to fly as they took flying vacations all over the southwest when she was younger. Captain Lydia had a reputation for being one of the sweetest pilots in the business, but kept her personal life totally out of the equation when it came to flying. A total professional person, who knew the risks, and appreciated the machines for what they could do and what the pilot's job was morphing into this exciting era of aviation. At 55, she kept her body in immaculate physical condition, especially considering how she concealed her well endowed breasts. Although Lydia was a big boned woman with well proportioned hips and waist, she also possessed a wondrous pair of 38DD breasts with wide perky nipples. She had been lesbian her entire life and tried her best to not let anyone know it.

The exterior of the simulator looked like a space ship on hydraulic gimbals with huge cables running from its bottom to a control room nearby. It was in a special training facility building which was shared by a few other smaller airlines as well. Inside, it was the exact replica of whatever plane cockpit they configured it to be. Today it was an Airbus 300A and Lydia would be monitoring my performance and sometimes the technicians would throw in some tough situations to see how we handled them, in a controlled environment.

"Hi Captain Cunthington, I'm Wanda Richmond, I'm ready for my check ride today," The pilot always addressed her superiors formally for the first time check ride. 

"Oh hello Captain Richmond, good to finally meet you!" Lydia tried to make her small talk as the two pilots got situated behind the controls. I don't think we've actually met as such yet, as I just became chief pilot a few months ago. Captain Cunthington would be in charge of overseeing the training and monitoring of all the captains for the airline, an impressive and important position!

"Congratulations, captain, Its a pleasure to meet you!" I said, noticing her easy demeanor and lovely body at the same time.

For some weird reason I wore my uniform skirt a bit shorter that day, I had one that was regulation and one which was a bit shorter and wanted to see if it was noticeable to Lydia. 

Captain Cunthington knew I could handle the plane but was specially trained to look for bad habits and things that may need to be corrected in my pattern of operation. I've always been keen on getting as much training as I could, no matter how uncomfortable it may be to have to be criticized and try to break bad habits. It all makes for being a better pilot.

"Control, we are situated and ready for upload of scenario number one," Lydia spoke into her headset alerting the control room to begin when ready.

"Roger that, your call sign today will be Foxtrot Alpha 240 and you will be taking off to the east and climbing to Flight Level150"

After a standard checklist and test of their communications systems, Wanda contacted departure at the assigned frequency and said, "Foxtrot Alpha 240 ready for taxi." 

A few seconds later the image shown out our windows was a stunningly realistic view of a major hub airport, the sky was overcast but the runway was dry and winds were out of the east, the same as our direction of travel, gusting to 20knots. Our net payload weight was given to us before we left the gate and we calculated our V1 point, the point where we had to quickly decide if our ground speed was sufficient given the runway length and our load to have a successful take off, or abort safely.

"FoxTrotAlpha 240, cleared for takeoff runway 22," came the command from the departure controller at the tower, I repeated the communication and had my hand on the throttles of both our engines. Captain Lydia placed her left hand onto of my right as is procedure and we both acknowledged as I said, "FoxTrotAlpha240 full throttle."

The lumbering virtual jet moved slowly down its runway, our gauges illuminated in the red sexy glow of a multi billion dollar replica of the European aircraft they were simulating. In a few seconds Lydia called out, "80 knots," our ground speed and a second or two later "V1." I checked my airspeed gauge once more and pulled back on the control yoke and said" Rotate," the ground slipped away gradually and we were virtually airborne. I commanded to retract our landing gear, and the sounds which came out of hidden speakers were so realistic to what we were used to, you could've sworn you were actually flying. But a few minutes later, one of the indicators for storage pressurization, came on with a warning signal. A moment later our fire bell began ringing and the storage compartment of the aircraft had something either ready to catch fire or already on fire.

"FoxtrotAlpha240 requesting immediate clearance for landing, we are declaring an emergency," I said cooly into my headset.

"FoxtrotAlpha, say your problem," The tower voice asked.

"We have multiple smoke and fire warnings coming from our storage bay, please advise we will need fire and rescue units to respond," I added.

a pregnant moment went by, as we continued to climb to our assigned altitude

"FoxtrotAlpha240 you are cleared for immediate landing on runway 31L, descend immediate, heading 345,"

I confirmed the communication and began my turn around to runway 31L as Captain Lydia watched my actions and

monitored the gauges for us.

We monitored the smoke condition the best way we could and donned our oxygen masks and advised our virtual crew and passengers of our plans to return to the airport. Only the crew would know the issue and would be briefed by the head flight attendant in a real emergency.

A few minutes later I landed the aircraft safely and was commanded to taxi to a safe location for immediate evacuation. Our extra safety practice is done somewhere else with different rotating crews. We only had a few minutes off and then another full take off on the same runway yielded a safe leg of a normal route, with only some additional flying tests thrown in for good measure.

The check ride went smoothly, but they thew in a few nasty crosswinds on the landing which is always nice to feel even if its only virtual, I thought. I also noticed Lydia looking at me a bit more than a co pilot would during the ride. There was a 30 minute break between the two sessions and we got off the sim, as its called and went to the lounge and restroom, which were completely deserted.

"You're quite an attractive pilot Wanda, you must get a lot of attention from the guys in the right seat. Do they ever hassle you, or try to get in your pants?" Lydia was very inquisitive, she rarely knew the meaning of small talk.

"Oh, I guess, but I try to just let the innuendo's slip on by, if you catch my drift, I'm really just too busy doing my job and staying alive for my next, well, check ride!" I said as I fluffed my shoulder length hair in the mirror. I normally put it up so I can almost fit all of it under my regulation cap it I need to. I realized I was flirting with Lydia, but she didn't seem to mind. I took off my jacket too and showed off my firm arms. Lydia looked at me in the mirror with an expression which suggested she was undressing me in a very special way. I winked at her and she smiled back.

"Hey you already did your main check, so you can leave your hair down if you want for the afternoon session, its up to you,"Lydia offered. 

I was glad we seemed so comfortable together, I always found it tough dealing with authority figures in my past.

"Thanks, I 'd appreciate that a lot. Its always so warm in the cockpit"

"Yes isn't it." Smiled Lydia as they headed back for the second and final session of the day. 

The afternoon part of my check ride well really well, and before I knew it they were powering down the modules and screen. I would get a phone call from Captain Lydia in a few day detailing my performance in conjunction with a formal email report from her as well. Lydia was writing some notes down for me as I got my things together ready to leave the sim for another few months. I was sure I passed easily, but Lydia said she wanted to share some things with me before leaving. I knew something was up, after she closed her notebook at the end of the day.

"Captain Lydia, did I do something or say something wrong, you look a bit upset?"

"Please call me Lydia, dear I know its an airline, but we are both professionals, you can call me by my first name!"

"Oh sorry, Lydia, I'm just trying to impress you, you know!"

Well, Wanda, you already impressed me earlier this morning with that textbook response to the emergency, that was totally by the book and well executed!"

"Thank you," I said, but I knew there was more.

We were out of the simulator cockpit and were about to leave the module, when she put her hand on my wrist and put her finger to her lips to silence me from speaking.

"You know Wanda, I've just got this great position and I have to be very careful," she whispered to me. 

"The sim is bugged all over the place you know, and even the ladies room is probably bugged too, for all we know! Maybe I'm paranoid, but I wanted to ask you if you would have dinner with me tonight before I fly back to the east coast?"

"I would love to have dinner together, at your place?" I whispered back, delighted that she asked me first.

No!, I'll come to your hotel, where are you?" 

"I'm at the Sheraton near the airport room 707.

"I picked up something from you, but forgive me if I'm way off base. You're not married and you didn't mention a guy in your life,"

"Yes Lydia, I'm lesbian. I interjected. Her eyes widened and her posture relaxed a bit. "And to be totally honest, I noticed looking at me earlier. I'm not in a relationship now either and I'd love to spend some time with you tonight!"

She placed her hand on my cheek and I kissed her passionately right there in the entranceway to the simulator cockpit in the semi darkened cool room, away from the live microphones and the snoopy, male technicians. Lydia kissed back and pressed her lovely body into mine. I reached around and grabbed her lovely ass and pulled her closer too and we both enjoyed the moment. We both tasted of old coffee and knew it. I wanted to taste her pussy right there but instead we made plans for dinner at my hotel in a few hours. We looked at one another in the dim light of the module entranceway to make sure we were presentable to our peers outside, should they see us together.

"How do I look?" Lydia asked me.

"Good, you're face is a bit flushed. You look hot, but good!"

She smiled at me and fixed my collar which got rumpled in our impromptu kiss after my check ride.

"Wanda, I enjoy a lot of things, but we have to agree to forget that I'm your boss or supervisor. You know our business, and even if we only meet once tonight, you should know I cannot do anything for you but be an honest check ride pilot,"

"Absolutely, Lydia, I totally know where you're coming from." I replied

"I knew you would, I'm SO into seeing you later ok?"

"Me too, I'll see you at my hotel later," And we walked out of the sim module together.

I was really turned on by Lydia's honesty. I wanted her to take me right there in the sim and fuck me till I spurt all my juices in her face. But I waited until after our dinner to make my move. We both left sharing about the job and the airline. Lydia was a wealth of information about the planes, the airline, and flying in general.

I knew it was going to be difficult not to fall deeply in love with her right away.

Later around 6pm, we met at the Sheraton restaurant and had a good meal together, sharing about flying, our lives and just getting to know one another. Lydia wore a pants outfit that was snug and sharp, her hair down and sleeveless blouse that highlighted her beautiful tits and arms. I knew we were going upstairs to my place right after we ate and sure enough, Lydia brought a small bag with her. 

"Hope you don't mind, I already checked out of my place," she said as we headed up in the elevator alone. Once the doors closed, She grabbed me, pushed me against the door. One hand went under my short skirt, her other pinned my right arm as she kissed me, our tongues meshing perfectly together, her fragrance was popular with younger women, but I couldn't place it. We continued out passionate kissing and fondling in the elevator even as an older couple got on to ride up with us. They looked away in embarrassment as we continued unabashed. 
