 In the year 2028 a group of American Scientists were tasked with DNA splicing. Basically taking two sets of DNA and merging them together. The President at the time, Henry Armstrong, wanted to mix either dog or cat DNA with humans. The first two years went by with little to no progress. Either the unborn baby would die or the two samples wouldn't mix.

But finally it did and nine months later the first ever mixed species human was born. It apparently wasn't what the president had hoped for, he wanted a human with fur, Claws and a keep vision, so they could survive in the Arctic without much issues. What they got was a girl with a black tail to match her dark hair, nails that were sharp and long, but not claws and two sets of ears, one feline and one human. He scrapped the project after this 'failure' deciding he had spent way too much money on it.

They named the baby Ellie and had one of the scientists become her mother. For the first year of Ellie's life she was the centre of attention, everyone know of her, most were amazed by her. But as the years went on no one really paid her any attention apart from her 'mother' and the other scientists. 

For Ellie's entire life she spent her time in the underground lab in Washington DC. There was a classroom for her, a playroom even a couple of people around her age, children of the scientists, so she could experience a somewhat normal life as best she could. 

Unfortunately her mother died just after Ellie's 11th birthday due to Cancer. It took almost two months for her to get back to her usual self. After that, Ellie grew to dislike everyone in the lab and even tried to escape a couple of times. She felt as if none of the others did anything to try and save her mother.

As she grew, her behaviours and attitudes were recorded. She was very playful by nature, she slept curled up much like a cat, she would clean herself with her tongue because she didn't like the bath, but she would use the shower sometimes depending on her mood and she didn't particularly like wearing clothes, she only would if it was absolutely necessary.

By the time she turned 18 she had grown only to be 5 foot tall, slim but not skinny, small b cup breasts and her tail grew to be a foot and a half long and still fairly thin. 

***

A few weeks after Ellie's 18th birthday news came in that the current president wanted to get rid of all evidence of what president Armstrong had done seeing as a lot of it was considered controversial or down right odd. 

Most of it went by without issue but as soon as it came out that it would also include 'destroying the cat girl' a lot of the public went in to uproar. Petitions were made to let her live, protests were held outside the White House, but none of it mattered to Angela Right, the new president. She just wanted everything to do with that man dead and buried, literally in this case.

A small group of activists decided to actually take action and one night they broke in to the lab. There were four of them altogether, all in their early twenties. Cait, the leader, Mac and Dylan came in with her as back up and Tina was in the car waiting as they expected they would need a quick escape.

The three of them made their way sneakily through the maze like lab until they came across a door marked 'Ellie' and as most people knew the cat girls name, they knew they were in the right place. Armed with only stun guns they crept through, they was expecting it to look like the rest of the facility but found that it just looked like a large modern home instead.

"Hey, over there." Dylan whispered. Cait's eyes followed where he was pointing which was another door 'Ellie's room'.

"Alright, you two wait here, I'll go in and get her. Keep a look out and be ready to leave." she replied in a hushed tone.

***

Ellie's cat ears perked up at the sound of her door opening. She opened her eyes and saw it was still dark, luckily her vision in the dark was a lot better than a normal humans. She could see a lady slowly moving towards her bed. She had shoulder length blonde hair which was curled slightly, a dark tight outfit on which made her hips and D cup breasts stick out, a thin pair of black glasses and some leather boots on.

Ellie quickly shot up and extended her nails to an inch in length, along with making a grumbling sound, hoping to scare of this stranger. The lady stopped but didn't move away. The room was dark enough for Cait to only just see Ellie's outline but nothing more. "Hey, Hey easy, I'm here to help you." Cait said calmly and softly.

Ellie looked her up and down for a couple of seconds before speaking "What are you doing here? I don't know you."

"No but in a couple of days your going to be killed, I'm here to save you." Cait responded still with a soothing voice that made Ellie retract her nails.

"They said it was rumours." Ellie said but it came out as more of a question.

Cait moved a bit closer to the bed Ellie was sitting on "I'm really sorry, they probably just told you that so you wouldn't worry. It is happening and my friends and I don't want it too. Please Ellie, come with me, I'll keep you safe I promise." Cait held out her hand and after a tense few seconds she was relieved to feel Ellie's soft hand on hers.

"Is there anything you want to take with you, you won't be back here." Cait asked. Ellie walked around her room, she picked up a soft pink blanket which she immediately wrapped around her naked body and a picture of her and her mom which was framed beside her bed from when she was a kid. "You ready?" Cait asked when she felt Ellie take her hand once again.

"Yeah." was all Ellie responded with. Cait then led the pair back to her other friends. The hallways were slightly more lit up which meant Cait could see now too.

"Ellie this is Dylan and Mac, their friends of mine."

The pair then turned too see Ellie, they saw her in her blanket which only covered the top half of her body. "You didn't think to maybe get some clothes?" Dylan said.

Cait turned to look at Ellie "Oh shit, we don't really have time, she can borrow some when we get to mine." Cait replied and the three left and quickly got back to the car.

Mac sat up front with Tina as she drove, Dylan was behind her with Cait in the middle and Ellie behind Mac. As soon as they started driving Ellie sat up in her seat and stared out the window with her hands on the glass. "Everything alright?" Cait asked as she put a hand of Ellie's back.

"I've never been outside before, this is so cool" she said with wonder in her voice at all the sights around her. It was the middle of the night so not a lot was going on but it was the busiest place in the world from Ellie's point of view. A few cars passing them as they drove, the gas station was lit up with a couple of people inside and even a few houses still had their lights on.

After a 15 minute drive Tina pulled up to Cait's home. It was a three story mansion, which she could afford seeing as she won the lottery a couple of years ago. The win was over $100,000,000 and had set her up for life. She saved most of the money, only buying the mansion, a Range Rover, an old Porsche and a warehouse, which she paid for in cash, for her activist group to use as a headquarters.

Cait's took Ellie's hand and got out the large Black SUV. Tina rolled her window down "11am be at the warehouse and we'll discuss what comes next." Cait said then left to go inside.

The house was like nothing Ellie had ever seen before. As soon as she walked in she was met with a large staircase which parted at the top, a large open designed downstairs with the kitchen on her left, the lounge on her right, a home gym down the back and a couple of other closed off room around.

Cait bent down slightly so she was eye level with Ellie "Listen, this is going to be your new home from now on. Make yourself as comfortable as you can and if there's anything you want, please tell me and I'll see what I can do." Cait said with a smile.

Ellie smiled back and took another quick look around "Where do I sleep?" She asked.

Cait brought Ellie up the large stair case and showed her too a bedroom at the top of the stairs. It was mainly plain with a large double bed in the middle with a small bedside table next to it, a large wooden wardrobe against the left wall, a balcony at the back and a bathroom to her right. "This will be your room, you can do what ever you want to it, as long as you don't destroy it." Cait explained with a laugh.

Ellie set her blanket down on the bed and the framed photo down on the table. She extended her nails and began digging them in to the covers, almost massaging it. "Who's that?" Cait asked pointing to the photo.

"My mom ... well not my real mom, but she was my mom. She died a while ago but I liked her so I kept the photo." Ellie explained as her hands kept working the cover of the bed.

"Oh, well I'm sorry to hear that. Why don't you get some sleep and I'll make you some breakfast in the morning." Cait said and left the room so Ellie could be alone.

As she got in to her own room, Cait shut her eyes tight a swore under her breath. She wasn't expecting Ellie to be extremely attractive or be completely naked and not care about it. This was going to be difficult.

***

The next couple of weeks were tense for Cait. Police were everywhere and had been round to question her, along with almost everyone else in DC. The warehouse got searched as it was a potential hiding spot for Ellie. The police uncovered the operation to save Ellie but fortunately for them they hid their tracks well so the cops had no idea who was in the warehouse.

Along with that, Ellie had been a lot different than what Cait or the others had expected. She assumed Ellie would be timid and reluctant with most things. Instead she would happily run around the house naked, even after being asked to wear clothes. It was also hard for Cait to focus on anything after seeing Ellie lick herself all over. She spent half the time worried about being caught and the other half being extremely turned on.

The two were sitting in the kitchen eating lunch when Ellie's cat ears shot up, she looked towards the front door "Someone's here."

Cait looked over then back at Ellie "You know what to do." Ellie then took off running up the stairs and walked in to her wardrobe which had a hidden door at the back which led to a small room where she hid when people would come over. Cait went to the door and answered it with a racing heart. 

"Oh thank god!" Cait said holding her chest, standing in the porch was Tina.

"Cops already came by your place twice, I'm sure you'll be fine Cait." Tina said with a smile and walked in to the house. Cait quickly shut the door and went upstairs to tell Ellie she could come out.

Ellie and Cait went back downstairs and in to the kitchen where Tina was. "Still no clothes Ellie?" Tina asked as Ellie sat down on the island and carried on eating her food.

"Clothes are stupid." Ellie said which made Tina laugh.

"How you doing?" Cait asked after she sat back down next to Ellie.

"Same as you, I've had the cops at my door asking if I've seen Ellie. Most of my stuff is gone from the raid on the warehouse but altogether I'm doing ok, what about you?" 

"I ... I'll tell you later." Cait said with an uneasy smile. For the next couple of hours the three woman sat in the home theatre on the third floor watching whatever movies Ellie picked out. Ellie soon got restless and fidgety half way through the second movie and asked Cait if she could go to the small hole gym. Ellie liked running on the treadmill, trying to see how fast she could go. Cait said she could so Ellie quickly left the room.

"So, you wanna tell me what's up now?" Tina asked pausing the movie.

"Well ... it's kinda ... weird I guess" Cait said rubbing her neck awkwardly.

"You love her don't you." Tina said with knowing smile.

"H-how did-"

"Well, your eyes have been on her through most of the movie, the fact you smile like an idiot when your around her, also I can almost smell how aroused you are and I'm guessing she can smell it." Tina laughed.

"Gross ... wait, do you think she can." Cait said with panicked eyes.

"I think it's definitely possible and it wouldn't surprise me. Anyway, what are you going to do about it." Tina asked.

"Well, nothing really. We saved her, I don't want her to think it was for an ulterior motive, I just want her to be safe and happy." Cait explained with a sad smile.

"Yeah I guess, but what if she feels the same way, I mean your both good looking and are already good friends even after only a short amount of time."

"She means a lot to me ... I can't ruin that over personal need." 

"Oh crap, I didn't realise it was past 3pm. Look I gotta go, just keep your chin up and all that stereotypical nonsense." Tina said with a giggle.

"Thanks for your help as always Tina." Cait replied sarcastically.

"No problem, tell Ellie i said bye." she then left the house leaving Cait alone with her thoughts.

***

It was almost midnight, Ellie had gone to bed and Cait was up watching TV. Her mind was too awake to sleep, all she could think about lately was the small cat girl in the next room. As if being able to read minds Ellie knocked on Cait's door and opened it. Cait looked over and saw Ellie in the doorway smiling slightly with her tail slowly swaying behind her. "Can I come watch TV with you?" Ellie asked. It wasn't uncommon for Ellie to do this so Cait nodded and moved over so Ellie could join her on the bed. 

Ellie quickly got over and curled up in to Cait's side. One leg over Cait's and Ellie's hands resting on her chest and stomach. All of this was expected but this had been the first time where their skin had touched properly. Ellie was naked, as usual, and Cait was only wearing an oversized shirt and panties. 

Ellie extended her nails and began digging in to Cait's chests. This drove Cait insane, in a good way. Ellie was essentially massaging her tits with her nails and hands. The sharpness of her nails digging in to her flesh then the soft of her palms and the slight purr Ellie was doing next to her, something she didn't even know Ellie could do. It wasn't long before Cait had ruined another pair of panties due to her arousal.

Ellie giggled below her which brought Cait out of her thoughts. She looked down and saw Ellie looking up at her with a smile "What?" Cait asked.

"It's funny watching you when your horny." Ellie explained and carried on with her massaging.

Cait almost chocked on thin air, her eyes bulged "W-what ... I'm uh, not-"

Ellie stopped her movements of her hands and moved up until her mouth was by Cait's ear "Tina's right." She said, then lowered her voice to a husky whisper "I can smell it." She then kissed Cait's cheek.

"I-I'm sorry ... Fuck! I didn't mean-" Cait was cut off when Ellie rolled over and straddled her hips.

"I was wondering what it was but then I saw you playing with yourself the other night." Ellie said seductively, she pressed her hands in to each of Cait's breasts and started massaging her nails in to them making Cait hiss and moan slightly. "You smell so nice Cait and your so beautiful. I owe you for getting me out of that place, I tried to escape a couple of times on my own but it never worked, then you came in, my saviour. I love you too." She then leant down and kissed Cait.

Cait was almost certain she was dreaming, her pussy was on fire, her lips felt like they were kissing heaven itself. She moved her hands up to Ellie's hips and slowly stuck her tongue out to meet the smaller girls. They both moaned as their tongues met, dancing around each other.

When the need for air became too much, Ellie pulled back. "Can I taste what's been driving me crazy for the past few days?" Ellie asked knowing the answer already. Cait nodded quickly and Ellie lowered herself down until she was laying between Cait's legs. She hooked her fingers in Cait's panties and pulled them down, there was a small thin patches of hair and as she lowered them more she saw what she was looking for.

Ellie saw Cait's pussy was soaked already, she looked as if she was about to burst. She quickly removed the panties and without any hesitation leant forward and ran her tongue the length of Cait's pussy. Cait's hummed above her, a sound Ellie would never tire of hearing. She gently put her nails in Cait's sides and pushed her tongue inside her. 

Cait looked down and could only see the top of Ellie's head, her cat ears and her tail swaying behind her. Her tongue felt amazing, a million times better than she ever imagined. It was thin, long and hitting her in all the right spots. "Fuck! ... Ellie ... oh my god!" Cait moaned as Ellie found her G spot.

Ellie kept pushing her tongue in to that sensitive spot inside her, making Cait's pussy drip in to her waiting mouth. With her hands she reached up and under Cait's shirt and began properly massaging her bare tits, making Cait moan even more.

"E-Ellie ... I'm so ... close, keep going!" Ellie quickened her pace on both her tongue and hands. Soon her head was being trapped between Cait's legs with Cait screaming her name above her. A new flow of juices entered Ellie's mouth and she moaned at the taste.

She only stopped when Cait had came down. She cleaned her pussy and thighs with her tongue before crawling back up Cait's body and lying on her chest with her head under Cait's chin.

Cait was just coming back to reality when she felt Ellie on top of her. She put a hand in her hair and began scraping making Ellie move with it. Her breath finally evened out, she looked down and saw Ellie moving her head so Cait's hands were rubbing around the ears on the top of her head. 

Cait smiled down at the playful Ellie and kissed the top of her head. "I think it's your turn Kitten." She said softly.

"No, that's ok."

Cait was a little taken aback by the answer. "Wait, you don't want me to?" Cait asked.

Ellie looked up at Cait with a serious face "Cait, I did that because I wanted to and I knew it would make you happy. You don't owe me anything, I love being here and I love you, that's enough for me." She then put her head back against Cait's chest and listened to her heartbeat.

"Ellie look at me, what's wrong?" Cait asked sadly.

Ellie didn't look up but started explaining "Well, wouldn't you rather be with someone like Tina, She's normal. I have two different sets of ears, a tail, retractable nails and a few other things. I don't even know if I'm human. This isn't a pity thing, I've been this way my whole life and I like who I am. I just don't want you to do something you might regret later on that's all."

Something about the answer didn't sit right with Cait. She sat up and spun Ellie round so she was sitting between Cait's open legs with her back pressed to Cait's front. Cait hooked her legs over Ellie's and forced them open. She brought one hand to cup one of Ellie's small tits and the other to cup her bald wet pussy. She then tilted her head lower so it was next to Ellie's. "If I had any sort of problem with you I wouldn't let you stay here. Your nails feel greats rubbing my body." Cait then pushed a finger inside Ellie making her hum and try to close her legs but Cait's stronger ones kept them wide open. "Your ears are cute. Your tail is sexy and makes me wet as fuck." She began thrusting her finger in and out faster making Ellie's back arch and hum lowly. "I think your beautiful. I'm not doing this because I think I have to, I'm doing this because I want to. I also want for you to sleep in my bed from now on. Will you do that for me Kitten?"

"Mmhmm!" Ellie squealed and nodded her head. Her nails were dug in to Cait's thighs and her tail was gently swaying against Cait's chest.

"I want to taste you Kitten." She then pulled her wet finger out and put it in her mouth. Ellie sighed at the emptiness but gasped when two fingers slid in this time and carried on with the fast pace. "Who owns you Kitten?" Cait asked softly but demandingly.
