 "I'm not complaining about my career," sighed Victoria Brannon to her agent. "But how did I wind up with such a bit part after being invited to audition for all those major roles?"

Cecilia Wordsworth smiled in response. "Vicki, dear, you're still a rookie in this business. Internationally-known movie producers like Natalie Fanelli don't generally cast unknown 19-year old pretty young things like yourself in starring roles! At least, not until they've paid their dues in minor parts like the one you just landed!"

"I know," said Victoria. "I'm just wondering, that's all. Why would Natalie waste so much of her valuable time with me in her office if all she intended to offer me was a minor, non-speaking role?"

"That's showbiz, dear," answered Cecilia, although deep down she knew the real answer to the younger girl's question. At age 58, Cecilia Wordsworth had been working as an agent for aspiring actors and actresses for over half of her life, and in that time she'd learned more than just a few tricks of the trade. You give something, you get something. And when she'd signed pretty young Victoria Brannon to a contract, she'd added a valuable bargaining piece for future negotiations with important studio heads like Natalie Fanelli.

Vicki, as Victoria liked to be called, was a beautiful 19-year old California blonde, with flawless skin, a pouty mouth, pretty green eyes, sexy curves, and the longest, silkiest legs in southern California. But she couldn't act her way out of a paper bag, and everybody seemed to realize it but Vicki. At first, Cecilia had seriously considered refering her to an adult film industry producer she knew, but decided against it. The girl was just too fresh, too young, and too innocent. Surely there must be another answer out there, something that would pay off handsomely for both Vicki and her agent.

That's when Cecilia remembered the meeting she'd had only recently with the famous Italian film producer Natalie Fanelli. At age 50, Fanelli still had the beauty she'd possessed during her younger years as an actress. But her private life had not been so pleasant as she'd gone though half a dozen husbands in recent years, the last of whom had told the tabloids she was a dyke who didn't belong with a man. Of course, this remark was made during a messy divorce settlement so nobody paid it much attention. But Cecilia had remembered it, and while lunching with Natalie soon after she'd noticed that whenever a pretty girl had passed anywhere near their table Natalie's eyes had followed closely, locking onto their wiggling behinds. And later, during their lunchtime conversation 

Natalie had remarked that sometimes she wished she could leave all the huge Hollywood egos behind and purchase a strip club with fifty pretty girls! Cecilia had laughed at the time, but the remark came back to her as she thought about it later. Why would Natalie Fanelli say she wanted to own a strip club? With fifty pretty girls? In Cecilia's mind a plan began to form. And that plan centered around pretty little Victoria Brannon meeting with the beautiful Italian producer. Maybe Vicki would never make a good actress, but she might prove to be an excellent performer of a different sort. And both Cecilia and Natalia Fanelli would be the primary beneficiaries.

And so, when plans were announced for the casting of Sunshine Studios' upcoming production, Cecilia made a call to the head producer, Natalie Fanelli. The two women had a long talk, and the next day pretty Victoria Brannon showed up for her audition.

Natalie welcomed her into her plush office, rising up from her opulent desk to greet the young blonde beauty. Vicki was in awe being in the presence of the famous Italian producer. She had never expected an opportunity of this magnitude, and was determined to make the best of it. How her agent had managed this she had no idea, but she was impressed and grateful to Cecilia for arranging it. 

"Cecilia told me you were an attractive young woman," said Natalie. "But I had no idea just how beautiful you really are! Turn around, dear, and let me look at you."

Vicki obeyed. She had worn a tight black mini-dress, exactly as she had been told to do by Cecilia, along with matching black high heel pumps and skimpy black lingerie underneath. She had thought to herself that this outfit made her appear a bit like a high-class prostitute, but her agent insisted she wear it just the same. "You'll dress the way I tell you to," she'd demanded. "And when you arrive at Natalie's office you'll do whatever that woman says, understand?" Vicki had nodded her assent.

And now, here she was, turning around slowly so that Natalie Fanelli could examined her closely. The Italian woman smiled appreciatively as she did so. The girl was beautiful, with exquisite, perfectly formed breasts, a tight body, a gorgeous ass, and incredibly long slender legs. Yes, she would be in debt to Cecilia for this, but it would be a small price to pay.

"Very nice, my dear. You are lovely. Now come and sit down and let me tell you about our upcoming productions." Natalie then took Vicki's hand and led her over to a large couch by the far wall where both women then sat down. Here she went onto explain that there were several film ideas in the works, and that Vicki was being considered for any one of a number of different roles. She smiled at Vicki's growing excitement as she lured her in with the possibilities of becoming a star.

"The first film we're planning to make is about a stripper who becomes involved with a group of con men intending to rob the Bank of England," Natalie said. "I think you'd be perfect for this role, only you'd have to have the right body to be cast as a stripper, and I'd have to be sure about it. What do you think?"

"Oh, I think you'd be pleasantly surprised," Vicki assured her. "I've been working out quite a bit lately. Would you like to see?"

"Why yes, that would be a good idea," Natalie said, as Vicki arose from the couch. "Yes, please start by removing that pretty dress. But since this role involves your being a stripper, perhaps you should try dancing seductively as you do so, yes? Here, let me put on some music." Natalie then reached over to a small console, hitting a button that started a sensuous rythymic music flowing through hidden speakers in the walls. "Now, seduce me, Victoria."

Vicki began to slowly remove her dress, reaching around her back to undo the zipper as she swayed provocatively before the older woman sitting comfortably in front of her. Natalie smiled. The young beauty was about to give her a sensuous striptease. So far, so good. 

Vicki was ecstatic. This was a major role, and all she had to do was show this woman she was up to it. And she had complete confidence in her body. If this Italian woman wanted sexy, she'd show it to her! She began by pulling the straps past her shoulders, and then slowly eased the dress down over her beautiful breasts, hidden now by only the lacy black bra she had on underneath. Again Natalie smiled, as Vicki then turned around, now moving her ass seductively back and forth just inches from the older woman's face. Down came the dress, slowly sliding over Vicki's pantie-covered derriere, her skin clearly visible through the diaphanous black material covering those sexy round ass cheeks. Natalie could barely contain herself from reaching over and caressing one of those beautiful soft curves of flesh. But that would come later.

Vicki kicked off the rest of her dress, now standing in only her black bra and panties, and looked inquiringly at Natalie as if to ask if she was to continue. Natalie looked her in the eyes and nodded. "Seduce me, Victoria," she repeated.

Vicki returned to her dancing. OK, if this woman really wanted a show she'd give her one. Off came the bra, her hands quickly moving up to cup her beautiful tits, squeezing them sensuously before the appreciative eyes of the older woman. Her body continued to sway provocatively as she moved in closer to Natalie, leaning in so that her breasts were literally in the Italian woman's face. Natalie's tongue flickered out, almost connecting with Vicki's left nipple. Vicki laughed and pulled back, then playfully turned her back on the older woman. 

Natalie's eyes were sparkling as she turned her gaze to the younger girl's beautiful rear end now swaying seductively just inches in front of her. Vicki's hands were now on the waistband of her black panties, and then ever so slowly she bent over, inching them down past the gorgeous globes of her glistening derriere. Natalie's hands came up to gently rest on the beautiful cheeks, caressing their silky softness. Vicki continued to pull the panties completely off. She was aware of the older woman's hands on her wiggling ass cheeks, but didn't let it distract her from the business at hand. She remembered Cecilia's orders to do whatever the Italian woman wanted, and it was obvious to her that this lap dance was going over exceedingly well.

Natalie thought so, too. She continued to caress the younger woman's body, feeling her legs, her thighs, her stomach, and especially her gorgeous rear end. "Very nice, my dear," she whispered, leaning in to plant a kiss on the quivering right cheek of Vicki's derriere. "We Italians are an emotional people, and that is why I kiss you." She leaned in and kissed her butt again, this time on the left cheek. Vicki beamed. "I've made a good impression on her," she thought to herself. "I think she really likes me."

"Sit down here with me, Victoria, my dear," Natalie said softly, as the music came to an end. "No, right here, on my lap. I want to check out the rest of your body while we talk."

Vicki nodded and perched herself delicately on Natalie's lap, her arms around her neck as the older woman's hands travelling freely all over her body, cupping her breasts, and caressing the soft skin of her side and legs.

"Yes, you have the right body for this role," she said to Vicki. "But there are other roles, as well, that I also think you'd be right for. Would you like me to tell you about them?"

Vicki nodded, and Natalie proceeded to relate her with other production ideas, all the while still caressing her lovely young body. One story idea involved slave girls from the planet Jupiter. It intrigued her, especially as Natalie felt she'd be perfect in the role of the slave who escapes to warn the Earthlings of Jupiter's impending attack. 

"Of course, the difficult part of this role involves the slavegirl's punishment at the hands of Jupiter's queen after she's been recaptured," said Natalie. She paused as in deep thought. "Do you think you could convincingly play a girl being tortured, begging for mercy all the while?"

"Oh yes, I'm sure I could," said Vicki. "It doesn't sound particularly easy, but I think I could probably do it very well."

"That's excellent," Natalie murmured. "I like your confidence. Tell you what, since you're already naked, why don't we try an impromptu rehearsal right here and now? Bend over my knee, and I'll spank you while you beg for mercy. Yes, that's an excellent idea, don't you think?"

Vicki wasn't so sure, but she knew she wanted the part. She got up and gently eased herself over Natalie's knees and onto her lap. The older woman smiled openly as the beautiful nude girl reclined over her legs, her pert round rump perched upwards, ready to be spanked.

"Relax, Victoria," she purred, her hands running all along the younger girl's trembling back and legs, coming to rest on the sexy round cheeks of her exposed ass. "Now remember, you're my escaped slavegirl, caught and about to be punished, but you're begging your mistress's forgiveness. Do you think you can handle that?"

"Yes, ma'am," whimpered Vicki, as she prepared for the first blow.

Smack! Natalie's hand connected! Smack! Smack!

"Please, mistress! Forgive me!"

Smack! Smack! Smack!

"I'm so sorry, mistress! Please forgive me! Please stop! Please!"

Smack! Smack! Smack!

Natalie was enjoying this immensely! The beautiful naked girl was wriggling so seductively, her ass feeling both firm and soft, and just beginning to take on a pink hue.

"I beg you, mistress! Please stop this torture! I'll do anything you want! Anything!"

This was too good for Natalie. She landed two more slaps on the younger girl's beautiful rear, then switched to rubbing the soft warm cheeks, kneading and caressing the tender flesh with her fingers.

"You were wonderful, Victoria," she sighed. "You make a very convincing slavegirl, I might add. In fact, I'd say you are a natural. But I think we might have to repeat this particular audition at another time, perhaps at my mansion, yes?" 

"Yes, mistress... I mean, Ms. Fanelli," Vicki whimpered, looking back at her reddened rear.

"You may call me Natalie, dear." 

Slowly then, the young blonde got up off her lap, a few tears in her eyes, but a look of sheer happiness in them at the same time. "Thank you, Natalie," she said. "I really do think I could do that slavegirl scene much better, and yes, of course, I would love to see your beautiful house."

"Excellent, then it's settled, but maybe later, yes?" the Italian woman said. "Right now, I have one other film idea I'd like to discuss with you. Would you like to hear it?"

"Oh yes," the young girl said.

This final movie idea, Natalie said, involved an innocent young woman being sent to prison by a corrupt judge. "In the end, of course, she escapes and is vindicated and acquitted of all charges," Natalie said. "You would be perfect as that young woman, I think. She is blonde and pretty. Only it would involve a difficult scene in the warden's office, when that evil woman molests her sexually. I don't know if you're an experienced enough actress to try such a complicated scene like that."

"Well, maybe not," responded Vicki. "But at least I'd like to give it a try. Maybe you could give me a chance right here to show you what I'm capable of."

"Yes, I think I owe you that much," Natalie replied with a smile. "OK, here's the set-up. You've been strip-searched and brought naked to my office, your hands tied to a beam up above in the ceiling. Tell you what, I have a pair of hand-cuffs we can use."

At this point Natalie walked over and reached into her desk drawer, producing a pair of cuffs. She then took Vicki by the hand and led her to the center of the room.

"This will work just fine," she said, handcuffing the younger woman's hands to a bar mounted overhead, normally used to hold lighting fixtures. Vicki now stood nude and manacled, and looking both very vulnerable and very attractive, her young body, flawless and succulent.

"How am I supposed to act in this scene?" Vicki requested.

"Just act completely natural," Natalie said in response. "I'll be the warden, and I'll be having my wicked way with you, understand?" She gave her an evil smile. "All you have to do is pretend you're the girl being molested, OK?"

Vicki nodded, uncertain, but determined to succeed.

"Ready? OK then, here we go."

And then, still smiling, she walked over to the trembling, helpless girl before her, grabbed her by the hair and forced a passionate kiss on Vicki's lips. The younger girl squirmed, but it was useless. Natalie kissed her repeatedly and deeply, forcing her tongue into the younger woman's mouth. Vicki tried to act upset and resistant to these attentions, but the passion was clearly getting to her. "Please warden, please stop," she moaned, but then opened her mouth as Natalie's lips again pressed her own, their tongues entwined together.

The older woman's hands were all over the younger girl's body during these moments of unbridled passion, reaching round her back and the sliding down to cup her round ass cheeks, squeezing, caressing, and occasionally even slapping them. Vicki squirmed and wiggled, but she couldn't escape Natalie's loving embrace.

The older woman's mouth meanwhile was working its way down to Vicki's exposed neck, biting and sucking on it. "Please, warden," Vicki whispered, "Oh please..." The passionate kisses and licking continued unabated.

The next stop for Natalie's travelling mouth was Vicki's gorgeous breasts. The older woman kissed and sucked the girl's perfectly formed tits, running her tongue along their sensuous curves, revelling in their taste and texture. "Oh, warden," Vicki sighed, almost inaudibly. "Please... please..."

Natalie then gently turned the girl around, her licks and kisses now travelling down Vicki's back along her spine, finally reaching the swelling of the younger girl's beautiful ass cheeks. Her kisses now turned to bites and nibbles along the delicious curves of the beautiful round derriere, causing the blonde to utter yelps and moans. Natalie proceeded to kiss every inch of Vicki's very inviting ass.

"Very nice, me helpless little prisoner," Natalie murmured, coming up for air, and then planting one final kiss on the rounded rear. "Now turn around and let's see that pretty pussy of yours."

Vicki was shocked as Natalie's tongue immediately focused in on the folds of her vagina, licking and kissing her most private area. "Oh, Ms. Fanelli... I mean, warden... what are... I don't know... oh, no... oh please..."

Natalie ignored the muted protests as her tongue entered the younger girl's clit, licking and sucking. "Oh... oh... oh..." Vicki moaned, oblivious now to any pretense of acting. This was an experience completely new to her, and while she was feeling shock and astonishment, she was also experiencing extreme pleasure. The licking and kissing continued. Natalie was devouring the young woman, her hands cupping the beautiful ass, her nails biting into the girl's tender skin. Deeper her tongue delved, as louder came the moans of passion from the mouth of Victoria Brannon, handcuffed and helpless to this very welcome assault on her senses. 

Within a few minutes her ecstasy was such that she was in a state of near collapse. At this point, Natalie stopped ravaging the girl's tender young body for a moment, instead reaching up and unlocking the handcuffs, easing Vicki's arms down to her sides. She then kissed the exhausted younger girl once more, and gently led her over to the couch, allowing her to sink back into the plush fabric. "We're not through yet, my dear," she said, walking over to her desk where she returned the cuffs to their drawer and produced from that same drawer a large plastic implement with straps hanging off of it. "I'll have to use this on you now, Victoria, my sweet," she said, returning to the couch, then gently turning the unprotesting Vicki over onto her stomach. The young blonde could hear the older woman removing her own clothes, but was too tired to look back to see for herself. She was now completely submissive, having surrendered her lush body to whatever attentions Natalie had next planned for her.

Seconds later she felt the older woman's hands on her hips, caressing her rear end, and then lifting it, positioning her ass in the air. She then looked back to see Natalie wearing a very authentic looking penis, held onto her by straps attached around her waist. The older woman then rubbed some oil onto the protuding phallic device.

"Here now is the scene where the beautiful young inmate gets taken from behind with a strap-on by the evil warden. Are you ready for it?"

Vicki whimpered submissively, "Yes, ma'am," in a quiet voice. She then felt Natalie's hands gently grabbing the sides of her ass as the strap-on eased slowly inside her.

"Lift you ass up higher and arch your back," Natalie ordered. "And put your head down onto that pillow."

"Yes, Mistress," Vicki whispered, obediently lifting her ass invitingly, as the Italian woman smiled and began pumping her gently from behind.

"Oh... oh... oh... oh..." the pretty blonde bleated, totally giving herself to Natalie's lustful attentions. The Italian woman laughed as she pumped harder, occasionally slapping the younger woman's ass simply to enjoy the sight of it wiggling and to hear the girl's moans of pleasure.
