 I need to have you for myself.

That was the statement that fucked my head up for good. My boyfriend Marcus' best friends' girlfriend uttered this in my ear earlier today and I couldn't get over it. I can't believe she said that to me; I really can't believe that I was hit on by another woman; what's worse is I can't believe that I've been up considering it for the last 45 minutes.

It shouldn't surprise me much that I'm thinking about being taken by Mya. I'm not gonna lie, I've checked her out a few times before and I can say that she is hot shit. She's got some of the longest curly hair I've ever seen and the black color of it is brought out even more because of her dark blue eyes. I have no idea how a Hawaiian girl got blue eyes but they were magnificent to say the least... and I stared at them for what seemed like hours today. 

My day started out at the mall today. Marcus decided he wanted to go shopping with his best friend Will today and brought me along with him, not to spend time with me, but because Mya was tagging along too. It was shit like that that made me come to the decision to break up with him this weekend. I got a rare 3 day weekend from work and so today, Friday, I got his shit together that was scattered across my house and left it at my doorstep, hoping to not let him in my apartment until I broke it off with him Sunday, leaving Monday a new day for me to go into work and not have to hear shit from him for at least 8 hours. Well, I meant well, but that didn't go according to plan. Marcus is now in my bed and about 50 minutes ago we started to have sex for the last time (he didn't need to know that though) and that ended about as long as I've been thinking about Mya. Just...fucking...perfect...

Since Marcus is already out of my eyes as I see it, I now have to think about how serious I should take Mya's offer. I'm not gay and I've never even had so much as another kiss with another woman before. The most that's ever happened was... well, today. I'm still replaying the day in my head: Marcus picked me up and we met up with Will and Mya in front of Macy's and the first thing she did was compliment me. In the six months Me and Marcus have been together he last did that four months ago. Now that I think about it, she and I have met up about eight times before today and each time she's complimented me. Today she not only told me she loved my little skirt, Reeboks and white baby tee shirt, but also identified my perfume within a few seconds of approaching her. 

"Isn't that Euphoria?" she asked me.

"Yeah," I said back, shocked as all hell, "you're good."

Then she pulled another one on me, she hugged me. But this wasn't your normal hug from an acquaintance; she hugged me like she ain't seen me in years and we were in love when we last spoke! She wrapped her arms around my neck and whispered in my ear, "Thank you." When she finally pulled back, she held the back of my head and just stared into my eyes for enough time to make a scene. I hate to admit it but my heart fluttered when our eyes met. It was a feeling I hadn't felt in a long time and I was not certain that she was supposed to be making me feel that. 

The rest of the afternoon was only half-routine. Marcus and Will only paid attention to each other, cracking shitty jokes and buying shit for themselves, knowing she and I were gonna be SOL for even a meal in the food court if we stayed with them so we trailed off, leaving the dicks to play with each other. 

I was amazed once again with Mya as she did something I forgot you could do; have fun at the mall. I found out that you can learn almost everything about someone from a trip to the mall. You find out what kind of stores another person goes to all of the time and what they like in it, making conversation seamless if you don't know that person well. I found out that Mya loves horror and action movies and that her favorite is Twin Warriors with Jet Li. She's a Virgo to my Aquarius, she prefers Fredericks of Hollywood to my Victoria Secret and...she's the sweetest person I've met in all of my 22 years on earth. Usually when someone is attracted to me they get kinda vulgar or they just become overbearing, but not Mya. She actually seemed a little shy at times, tilting her pink Yankees hat a little further over her face whenever I thanked her for another one of her compliments. At one point we were talking about flowers and then I had to stop at the bathroom. As soon as I came out she had a single rose in her hand waiting for me. We took pictures at the photo booth like those best friends in movies and even blew kisses at the camera. Then, it happened...

In a day I thought was going good forever, she dropped a bomb right on it. We stopped in the food court and ordered two Cinnabon's. We started to discuss our relationships with Will and Marcus and found that neither of us were really that happy. She told me that Will meant well at times but wasn't aggressive enough and didn't interest her in the least anymore while I let her in on my plans to break up with Marcus on Sunday. 

"Wow," she told me, "hopefully that doesn't mean that me and you have to stop seeing each other. I really like you."

"Awww, I like you too, Mya. Well we have each others numbers now so you know we can call each other anytime. I'll always answer for you." I could tell that she was happy to hear that because she lowered her head a little bit and smiled, her hat covering her eyes again. She started to break off a piece of her cinnamon roll with her fingers and then fed me the strip.

"I'm glad to hear that you'll be answering for me, Angel," she said then leaning in closer to me. That's when she told me. "Because when you leave Marcus, I need to have you for myself."

That did it for me. Needless to say, I was shocked and I really didn't know what to say or do. I didn't have to do much at all though; as if on cue, Marcus and Will showed up two seconds later and it was time to go. I got another passionate hug from her on the way to our cars and that was that. Now it's been an hour since I finished having another round of amnesia sex with Marcus 'cause I can't remember shit about it. It's always the same with him too. I give him a little head, he never gives any back, I lay down, he goes in, he falls asleep. Sometimes I can't remember if I'm having a flashback of a previous time or if it's actually going on. Pretty fuckin' pathetic. I need a change, starting with getting rid of him....

And now I'm hearing my favorite song, "Hey U" by Groove Theory. Mya and I were talking about that song today and she told me she had it in her phone-

But why is it coming out of mine? Mya? Mya!

"Hello,"

"Yooooo, Angel, it's me. Did I wake you?"

I can't lie, she sounds good over the phone. She's talking real low like a phone sex operator mixed with a little Ruthie from the Real World.

"Nah, actually I was already up. Let me put on a shirt and go into the living room."

"Cool. I hope you don't mind me sneaking that song on your phone for my ring tone. I thought you might like it."

"I do. When did you do it?"

"When you went to the bathroom; you gotta love cell phones now, you can transfer anything through Bluetooth."

Damn she's good.

"So why did you really do it?"

"Well, I do love that song too... but... Angel, I need you in my life."

"Mya... I'm flattered, really. I've never even thought of being with another woman before today and-"

"Wait, you thought about it today?" I can hear the excitement in her voice. Yeah, I have been thinking of it but I have no idea how to manage that. Shit, I have a hard enough time dealing with men.

"I won't lie to you, I just had another round of shitty sex with Marcus and I'm done. He's in my room passed out and I'm on the couch talking with you about starting up something I know nothing about."

"Well, since we're laying it all out there right now, I have something to confess. You wouldn't be my first girlfriend or for that matter even my 5th or 6th." Now that's a shocker. I knew that her and Will were a bad match, her being a beautiful woman and him being a fat slob and all. I thought she just saw his inner beauty or something to that effect. Instead...?

"So why are you with Will anyway? You told me before that you're looking to leave him and from your track record it sounds like he should have been out of your league for having a dick to begin with."

"Yeah, you got me; Will and I are a sham. If you want me to be honest with you, my entire relationship is fake. He's a front for whenever my parents want to meet my significant other and I'm his front since he hasn't had an actual girlfriend in his entire life, plus he introduces me to other girls. I'll admit, I've slept with him before but that was honestly out of pity and to really remind me that I like girls; beautiful girls at that. Especially gorgeous Latinas about my height who look great in skirts and sneakers and wear intoxicating perfume." 

She's doing it again. I cannot escape a good compliment; it makes me weak, no matter who's telling it to me. "Flattery will get you everywhere, Mya. But why do you wanna convert a straight girl? I'm sure there are plenty of actual lesbians out there who are more experienced than me."

"There are, but they aren't you. I'm only feeling you. When I see you I look straight into your hazel eyes and I can stare forever. I hear your voice and I swear I'm hearing angels. I smell you and...an...aahhhh...."

What the fuck? She sounds like she just finished off a coke in mid sentence. Or finished off something else...like herself.

"Mya – are you playing with yourself?"

"Yes."

"Oh."

"Angel, you turn me on so much! When I smelled your perfume today the endorphins in my body tripled. You made me high. I think about your body and I just want to grab you and force you onto me and have you kiss me with those perfect lips of yours. Mmmmmmmm. And your hair...oh god your hair..."

I'm sitting on my knees on top of my couch, legs spread open with a Tampa Bay Lightning hockey jersey on... one hand on the phone and the other touching myself. It's official, Mya turns me on. So much for my initial hang up; I didn't think another woman could do this to me at all. I can't have her stop now, I need to know how far I want this to go.

"Keep going."

"When I look at your hair...ahhh...I think of it, messy, all over your face...from you moving your head around...feeeee-feeling me, taste you..."

I'm wet and I want this to go as far as it can. I've got two fingers in me and I'm working on three. I want to let her do to me what she wants. I want to know what it's like to have my hair around my face like she's describing because quite honestly, I've never had that feeling before. I need to know if I've been wasting my time with all the dickheads in my life... I need Mya.

"I want you to taste me too, Mya. Tell me what we need to do."

"I need you... to pretend... I'm there..."

"Way, ahead of you. I can already feel your tongue on me."

"Lay down baby and let me take over."

Takeover she did. Without even having to be near me, she makes me cum in a rush and I couldn't help but to drop the phone beside me on the floor. I was hooked already and Mya was the drug. I needed to have a real hit now and she told me how to get it. We took a little time and plotted out the next night and day and I must say it worked like a charm.

The day started off with Will making a call to Marcus in the morning announcing that he wanted him to come over for drinks. He also told him to bring me because he had something planned. It was great that Mya had Will as a pawn; it made things so much easier to get shit done. Of course Marcus accepted and I had to tag along. He could never turn down free alcohol, the fucking lush. He liked riding around smashed and even threw up at a few house parties on a few occasions. I couldn't stand it, especially since I never drank. I was actually anticipating it tonight though.

When we got to Wills' two-bedroom apartment, Mya surprisingly answered the door and I fell in lust, hard! She wore shirt that, technically, would have to go at lengths to be called a shirt. It was a sky blue top that was pretty much a scarf that came from both of her shoulders, criss-crossed over her breasts and then went into her back exposing her flawless stomach and coming down to a denim skirt that was no longer than a sideways piece of paper. Even that went down to a set of too-perfect legs and a pair of sky blue, open toed stilettos that had straps resembling her top, going knee high. Top this off with her long black hair sitting on top of her and the smell of-

"Ralph by Ralph Lauren, right?" I asked.

"Mmm, you're as good as I am," Mya replied, coming in for another hug. God she felt good. I could see more of her than I couldn't because of her skimpy outfit and I felt equally as much. Her skin was soft and her smell was sweet. In a fit of my body doing something my mind didn't tell it to, I ended up taking a handful of her ass and squeezing a little bit. She noticed and softly kissed, licked and blew in my ear. I almost came again. 

"Y'all muthafuckas is gettin' to know each other real well, ain't ya?" Marcus said yelling and rudely interrupting us. "I might need to get in the middle of that later."

"Not in your wildest dreams," Mya shot back at him, all seriousness being displayed in her voice. It felt like she was marking territory... I loved it! That's my new baby.

"Damn, don't get all testy with me cause you on yo period. Anyway, I'm here for my homie Will anyway, y'all can do what you wanna do."

That went better than expected. He found Will and once again they left us alone. This gave me time to let her know that part one of the mission had gone as planned on my part and hers.

"Great. Are you ready?" she questioned.

"I am, but I'm a little nervous. I'm sure it's going to work but...us..."

That's when she became something more to me. She comforted me and let me know that it was going to be alright. She sat me down on the living room couch, stood in between my legs and placed both of her hands behind my head and told me, "You have nothing to worry about. You are my baby and I'm not going to steer you wrong. You've got my word on that, okay?"

I nodded my head in agreement and then it happened; she kissed me SO passionately. I perched up when her lips touched mine and felt a fire inside me when she quickly slipped her tongue in and out of my mouth. My sexuality changed that instant. Once she let go, I knew it was time. Will and Marcus walked in a few seconds later, catching absolutely nothing. Marcus also had a large bottle of Bacardi 151 in his hand and yelled out, "oh hell yeah it is ON! Will just gave me a reason to drink!"

Will then started, "I got this idea earlier before I called Marcus about a game we could play. It's about how well we know the two of you."

"Oh really?" I asked.

"Yes really!" Marcus again interrupted. "Tell 'em about it man!"

"Well," Will started again, "basically, you two sit over there on that couch, we sit on this couch and this bottle of Bacardi goes on the table in between us with those 4 shot glasses."

Mya then interrupted him. "Oh yeah, you told me about this. You two ask us questions that we should know about yourselves and we do the same. Whoever gets a wrong answer-"

"Gets to take a shot! WWWHHHOOOOOO WEEEEEE!!!"

Mya turned and gave me a look that just said, no wonder you wanna get rid of his ass. "Well," she started off, "I'm cool with the game, but since Mr. AA over here seems to have fallen in love with that bottle, let's get another one for ourselves." She took a quick turn again and walked over to the kitchen, opened a cabinet door and brought over a bottle of Abolut vodka then laid it on the table in front of us. "We're gonna drink this, the two of you drink the Bacardi. This way, the game can be played longer since we have two bottles and plus we can determine the winner this way. Whoever gets to the bottom of the bottle loses." She then sat down next to me, winked and announced the start of the game.

In about an hour, Marcus and Will were done. He reached the bottom of the bottle almost by himself, the dickhead. I was actually a little insulted with the results though. This asshole didn't know my weight, my favorite song, movie or even my fucking birthday! No wonder I needed him gone. Somehow Mya knew everything he didn't...everything! There were a few things I didn't know about him either and to be honest, Mya and Will made it really obvious they weren't an actual couple that night and they ended up taking quite a few shots themselves. Luckily Mya replaced all the liquor in the Abolut bottle with water the night me and her talked so we were absolutely sober when it was all said and done.

I was so happy I found her because his ass was officially going to be out of the picture. He finished the Bacardi, walked to the bathroom to take a piss, lost his cookies in front of the toilet and passed the hell out. Will had the pleasure of cleaning up, Mya and I had the pleasure of dipping out early. As planned, I packed some shit to stay at her place and stuck in Marcus' trunk. We told Will that we weren't coming back but in his state I'm not sure if understood. Will is a big guy but for some reason he can't handle alcohol as well as he can a cheeseburger; funny.

We didn't waste any time putting my shit in the backseat of her 2006 Jetta 2.0T and looking inside of it I caught the feeling that she had a very comfortable living. This was a really nice and new car with a lot of leather and I was starting to wonder how good I had it by messing with her. Before I could even reach the passenger side door she came up and opened it for me and said, "I got you. Don't worry about a thing." She said the simplest things and yet I always knew how sincere she was by the look in her eyes.

As she started the car up, I heard Usher's "Can You Get With It" and simultaneously saw her front TV screen light up and a movie start to play. 

"So what are we watching?" I asked her as she pulled out of the driveway.

"Where The Boys Aren't 17," she said back.

Before I could question who was in it or even why I had never heard of it, I found out both of those answers when the movie started to play. I saw several beautiful women on the menu screen and realized pretty quickly that we were about to watch a porno and with a title like Where The Boys Aren't, I knew this was right up her ally. I was immediately taken with a very voluptuous Latina in the picture that Mya told me was named Nina Mercedez. She skipped towards the scene with her without me even asking and I got a taste of what was going to happen with us later...and I loved what I saw.

We reached Mya's condo on the other side of town about 20 minutes later. Making our way into the neighborhood I realized once again that Mya was living really comfortable in those surroundings. Her condo itself was big as hell too; a dual level spot with every room being much bigger than my living room including our first stop, the kitchen. It was fabulous to say the least with a thick glass table off near a corner by the refrigerator and plenty of cabinets and free space. There was a plasma screen TV hanging on a nearby wall and a couch as well. I sat down at the rectangular table on her insistence as she raided her own fridge. 

"I'm not sure about you girl," she started, "but I need something to eat right now."

"I could use a little something too," I replied, "what cha got?"

"Well, I got plenty, however I am feeling kinda lazy so I'm trying to pick something easy to snack on real quick."

"That's cool, got any fruit?"
