 This is a revised version of an unfinished story I posted elsewhere a few years ago. I thought it was time to revisit the story and finish it out. I'd appreciate comments and feedback from readers, as I would like to provide a quality reading experience for all. • 

THE CHECKOUT GIRL, PART 1

"Thelma & Louise"

I've had this thing for Angie for about two years now. She works at the grocery store where I shop. The day we met, she said my little boy was cute and told me she was married with two little girls, and we talked for a little while. Ever since then, I've gone through her line from time to time and exchanged meaningless chatter. I would really like to become friends with her and keep wishing I had the courage to suggest we meet for coffee, but I'm pretty shy and have never gone beyond, "So how are the little ones doing?"

It doesn't help that I've had some illicit fantasies about her. It isn't like I'm a lesbian -- at least, I have occasional lesbian fantasies, but I'd (probably) never act on them. Still, I'm always irrationally afraid that she'll know what I've been thinking about her.

Angie is very quiet and seems a little sad every time I see her. I have imagined that she married her high school sweetheart, had two babies in quick succession, and now fights depression as she works and takes care of her family, watching any dreams of college or career or travel wither away. I myself am a single mother, and I work full-time and attend college part-time. Even though I love my family and know I'm lucky to be where I am, I still feel very tired sometimes and wish I could get away from all the responsibilities and pressures.

It had been probably seven years since I'd been on any kind of real vacation, apart from very short visits with relatives that were more stressful than fun. An itch to just jump in the car and keep driving had hit me from time to time for the last couple of years, but recently it kept building till it was almost unbearable. I asked several friends if they'd be interested in a two or three day road trip; each said they'd love to, but were too busy with work and family. Everyone is "too busy" for anything these days but work, it seems. I realized I couldn't remember the last time I had spent more than an hour laughing and talking with friends and just feeling good.

I was really getting low, and was feeling particularly bad one day when I went to get some groceries before picking my son up from preschool. As I wheeled my basket towards the checkout counters, I saw that Angie was there. I smiled a little and headed toward her line, as I usually do when I see her there, even though other lines were shorter. As I waited, I watched her work. She seemed only to be as engaged as she had to be to do her job; her eyes were distant, and I wondered what she was thinking about. I leaned on my basket and moodily considered that I must look the same these days, always fantasizing about getting a little "me" time and having fun with friends. 

Finally it was my turn to unload my groceries on the conveyer belt. A bag boy walked up and took over, so I moved up to the register and began pulling out my checkbook. Angie looked up and smiled a little, and said, "So where's the little guy today?" "Preschool. I'm picking him up when I leave here." She nodded with her quiet, wistful little smile, and began scanning my groceries. 

I struggled with myself for a minute. This was where all our previous conversations had ended, and I really wanted to talk to her more. I was just afraid of her thinking I was strange for wanting to befriend her if she wasn't interested. Oh, to hell with it, I thought. I guess if she ends up thinking I'm weird, I can just quit going through her line. I laughed out loud a little at that thought, and she looked up, a bemused half-smile on her face. 

"What?" she asked. 

"Oh, I'm just laughing at myself," I said. "I've had this obsession with getting out of town for a while, to get away from everything, but all my friends are too busy for a road trip. I just had this crazy thought about taking off on my own. Sounds desperate, huh?" 

"Oh, man, I know what you mean -- I haven't had a real vacation in forever. I feel like I'm going crazy, just the same old thing every day," she said.

"Well, heck," I said, laughing, "we ought to go, you and me." I was joking -- I seriously did not think this girl would consider going on a trip with a stranger, even one she had seen in her store for years. Heck, I didn't think I would do anything like that myself.

She finished scanning the last item, dropped it in the bag, and stopped to look at me intently. She said, "Get me out of this city for a weekend and the gas is on me."

I laughed again, but it looked like she was actually serious. "Really?" I said.

"Totally," she said. We looked at each other for a few moments, half-laughing, trying to gauge if the other was just joking or meant it. I'm sure she had the same thoughts as me -- I don't want her to know I'm serious if she thinks it's a joke, because then she'll think I'm weird . . . but I really want to go on this trip, so I don't want to back off if she's willing to go!

I looked down at my checkbook, taking a minute to think while I wrote out the check. After I gave it to her, I hesitated, then took out a deposit slip and tore off the routing number and account number at the bottom. I wrote my name and cell phone number on the back of the remaining part while she was occupied running my check through. When she paused for the receipt to print, I handed her the paper.

"Call me if you can get a weekend off -- we'll play Thelma and Louise, 'kay?" We both laughed, and she said she would. I figured she would probably never call me, but I felt lighter and more optimistic walking out of the store.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It had been a few days since I gave Angie my phone number. Every time the phone rang, my legs turned to Jell-O, but still she hadn't called. The whole thing was crazy anyways. I've never been into other women before, but for some reason I just couldn't get Angie out of my head. It would be nuts to spend a weekend with her.

It was Thursday, and I was leaving work at noon so I could get a little reading done for next week's class. There must have been an accident ahead, because the traffic was at a standstill. When my cell phone rang, therefore, I had plenty of leisure to check the caller ID.

A man's name I didn't know. I stared at it for a moment while the phone continued to ring, then it suddenly hit me that this might be Angie. I quickly answered before it went to voice mail.

"Hello?"

"Is this Jennifer?" 

"Yes."

"This is Angie . . . I don't know if you remember, I'm from the grocery store . . ."

"Of course I remember you," I said. "How's it going?"

"Oh, fine, I guess. Hey listen, were you serious about going away for the weekend?"

"Yeah. How about you?"

"Well, my husband's mother just called, and she wants the girls to go for a visit this weekend. I know this is really soon, but I thought, maybe this would be the perfect chance -- it might be hard to get my husband to take care of the girls by himself . . ."

I thought about it. "Hmm. I'll have to see if I can get someone to take care of my son. How about I call a few people right now, and I'll let you know?"

"Okay. Do you have my number on your caller ID?"

"Yeah, no problem."

"Okay, just let me know."

* * * * * * * * * * *

"In the Middle of Nowhere"

It was a bit surreal. Somehow we'd made it to Friday afternoon through a whirlwind of preparations and packing and confused relatives, and Angie and I were speeding down the highway with the windows down and the music loud, laughing hysterically. We were filled to bursting with the sense of our freedom and the open road before us.

"So where do we go?" I shouted over the music. 

"Just drive! Let's just keep going and turn whenever we feel like it!" she shouted back, laughing. Her eyes were bright, and her countenance was transformed, joyous with her hair whipping crazily around her face. The air was warm and fresh -- it smelled like liberty and excitement and adventure, and it felt so good to drive and drive and drive.

We sang along with the radio at the top of our lungs, and as we kept going past the city limits, began losing the signal and had to find another station. It seemed like a moment suspended in time: we had always been driving on this desert road, singing, and always would be. It seemed a necessary, cathartic cleansing.

After a while, Angie pulled out the map we'd bought and began scanning it. It was getting dark, and we would need a place to stay for the night. 

"This part of the state isn't very populated," she said. "It looks like the next town is about two hours away."

"Well, that's okay, we can drive at night."

She looked a little worried. "Yeah, but I have to go to the bathroom! I've had a whole Big Gulp already!"

I laughed. "Well, try to hold it, or else I guess you'll have to go on the side of the road."

"Oh, right where everyone can see me -- uh uh!"

"Well, if it'll make you feel better, I'll go too," I said. 

She grinned. "Okay, I guess that's all right. We might as well stop now, I know I won't make it two more hours."

I slowed the car down and pulled over. It felt strange when we stopped, since the car had been moving continuously for a couple of hours. Now that we were at a halt, I felt a little nervous, thinking about whoever might drive by. It was almost fully dark, and a full moon had already begun to rise over a mesa in the distance, bathing the dry wasteland in a bluish, abundant light. Outside the car, we could now see all around; the sky and the land seemed so huge. I marveled at how bright the stars were, away from the city lights, and I automatically looked for Orion, my favorite constellation. The sparse, stubby desert plants were sharply defined in the moonlight. We both breathed deeply of the dry, cool air as we walked around, working out our stiff legs.



"I don't see anyone," she said. "Let's hurry before a car comes along."

I was a little shy pulling my clothes down in front of her, and I was careful not to look at her. I went ahead and took my shorts and panties completely off and laid them to the side to make sure they wouldn't get wet. My heart started thumping, though, thinking about her half-naked just a few feet away. I shook my head and berated myself silently. You aren't a les, I thought. Quit obsessing about this girl. Still, I couldn't help the sudden images of her naked body from invading my head -- as if it were really happening, I saw my hands reaching for her bare breasts, fingertips brushing lightly over her pointed, pink nipples. I could almost hear her gasp lightly and feel the warmth of her soft skin as I gently covered her breasts with my hands and lightly squeezed the pliant flesh.

"Look out, a car is coming!"

I jumped a little in alarm, having already finished but been distracted by my fantasy. I quickly reached for my clothes, but they weren't where I'd left them. I looked up to see Angie, fully clothed, about fifteen feet away, holding them up with a grin. I turned to look at the road, but didn't see any cars. 

"Hey, give those back!" I said, half-laughing.

"You'll have to catch me first!" she shouted, as she started to back away, then walk quickly, grinning over her shoulder.

I groaned and started to run after her, wearing nothing but tennis shoes and a t-shirt that didn't quite cover my ass. She giggled and started to run faster, jumping over little depressions in the ground here and there and swerving around cactus and low bushes. I started laughing, too. She looked so free and sexy, and her dark hair waved with her movements as if it were alive too. Panting with the sudden exertion, I was very aware of the night air against my naked thighs, ass, and pussy. I could tell without touching myself that I was very wet, and I could feel my pussy lips sliding back and forth against each other as I ran after Angie.

She stopped suddenly and turned around, holding my clothes behind her back. I skidded to a halt, putting my hands on my bare thighs and leaning down a bit to catch my breath. I could smell the thick, musky scent from my pussy, and I wondered if she could, too.

"Okay, come on, give 'em back," I panted.

She grinned. "Only if you do what I say!"

"Well, I could just take them away from you, you know."

"Uh uh, you can't run as fast as I can. So if you don't feel like chasing me, you get to follow orders!"

I laughed. "Okay, what am I supposed to do?"

Her grin widened. "Give me your shirt and bra, and walk back to the car with just your shoes on."

I groaned. "Oh man, you're kidding. Somebody's going to come along!"

"Well, I guess you'd better hurry then, hadn't you?"

I rolled my eyes for her benefit and hurriedly pulled off my shirt and bra. I wanted her to think I was reluctant, but inside I was really excited at where this might lead. "All right, come on before someone drives by."

I walked quickly as she strolled along behind. We were probably about 75 yards away from the car, so she had plenty of opportunity to peruse my naked body in the moonlight. It seemed to take forever, and each second I was scared to death some creep was going to drive over the horizon and swoop down on two girls alone in the desert, one of whom was butt-naked.

We finally reached the car, and I said, "Okay, let me have them back now." She handed me back my shirt and shorts. "Other stuff, too!" I said. 

"Nope, I get to keep these," she said, now with a small, demure smile, my bra and panties still hanging from one hand. I sighed and quickly got dressed. As I pulled up my shorts, I could feel the seam press firmly between my pussy lips, squishing almost audibly. I fought the urge to squirm against the seam to embed it deeper, conscious that she was watching. My t-shirt felt cool and soft against my hardened nipples.

"All right, you've had your fun. Let's go find us a place to sleep!"

"Great, I can't wait to get in bed," she said brightly.

I eyed her suspiciously as we both slid into our seats and shut the car doors. As I started up the car, I began wondering if she had the same sort of thing in mind that I did. We joked back and forth as we gained momentum and began speeding down the road again, and after a while, I temporarily forgot about the incident as we talked about family and kids and our jobs.

* * * * * * * * * * *

"The Hotel"

As we continued speeding down the highway, the exits and passing cars gradually became more frequent. I figured we were probably 15 minutes from the outskirts of the next major town, and thus, the next decent place to stay for the night. We had passed a few tiny, crummy-looking towns, but we didn't bother even to slow down for the dilapidated roach motels that faced the highway.

Having been on the road for several hours now, we were both quieter and a bit sleepy, lulled a little by the hum of the tires on the road. As our conversation tapered off and I relaxed in the driver's seat, I became more aware of the car's vibrations. Since Angie had kept my underwear, the seam of my denim shorts had become embedded between my now swollen and slippery pussy lips, and the vibrations of the car were making me hotter. Without the support of a bra, my breasts seemed heavy, and the movement of my arms caused my shirt to brush back and forth slightly against my nipples, which, because I was getting turned on, were puckered and erect.

Angie seemed to be looking at me sideways every now and then as if she were considering something, but of course I couldn't really look at her because I was driving. As we entered the town, we exited the highway and drove more slowly on the service road, looking for someplace to stay. After going through a few stoplights, Angie suddenly pointed. "Turn right at the next light! I think I see a place around the corner."

As we turned, I could see what had attracted her attention. The hotel she was pointing at was nestled back from the road and mostly hidden behind palm trees and large box hedges. As we turned into the drive, I could see that the hotel was more like a collection of condos clustered around a large, well-landscaped and softly-lit pool. This was definitely more of what I'd had in mind than those awful places we'd passed earlier. 

We parked in front of the office and went in to register. I was conscious of the fact that I was walking into a well-lit room with no bra under my white t-shirt, but I figured the bold approach was best. I couldn't decide if the man behind the counter noticed or not, but I thought he probably couldn't avoid seeing my erect nipples pressing against the fabric of my shirt. Guys usually noticed that kind of thing.

We paid for the room and got the keys, then got back in the car to drive around to our condo. Ours was toward the back of the property, and it seemed quiet and sheltered from the highway as we began walking in with our luggage. The door opened on well-oiled hinges into a room that took me by surprise. It looked more like a really cool apartment than a hotel room. The entryway was set up like a den: it had hardwood floors and was furnished with black leather couches, a sleek glass-covered coffee table, and a nice, black entertainment center with TV, DVD player and big speakers. A mirrored and well-stocked bar ran along the wall on the right going back toward a small kitchen and a door I thought must lead to the bedroom.

We stood there with the door open for a minute, just holding our bags and looking around. "Wow, this place is so cool!" Angie exclaimed. "I feel like I'm barging in on someone's house or something." "No kidding," I said, closing the door behind us and locking it. I dumped my stuff by the door and went exploring. I could hear Angie gasp behind me as I opened the door that, as I had correctly thought, led to the bedroom. It was large and carpeted in a rich, bright, sensual red. The king-sized four-poster bed was covered with a lacy white comforter dotted with embroidered roses that matched the carpet. There was a night table on either side of the bed, and each had a beautifully-painted lamp and a large bowl of fragrant, tantalizing potpourri that smelled of lavender and sandalwood.

"Ohhh, this room is so awesome!" I breathed. I jumped up onto the bed and stretched out, then giggled a little bit. Angie jumped up next to me and sat looking around some more. This room, this whole place, felt like some kind of exotic spa getaway. We hadn't even seen the bathroom yet, but I was betting it was really cool.

Angie lay down on her side and propped her head up on one hand as she grinned at me. "Imagine our families sitting at home, and here we are a couple hundred miles away in this totally sexy condo!" I laughed. "Your husband won't be jealous, will he?" "Oh, I hope he will be!" she said, grinning. "He's always more attentive when he's jealous. I'll bet he'll be an animal when I get back!" We both giggled, then I stretched again, relieved to be out of the car and on this soft, stationary bed. 

After resting for a few minutes, we got up and fixed ourselves a couple of long island iced teas from the bar. We set up a kind of picnic in the middle of the bed with all the estrogen-feeding snacks we had brought along - chocolate bars, peanut butter, assorted candy, and my favorite, chocolate-covered coffee beans. We chatted like little girls at a slumber party as we slowly got tipsy off our drinks.

I knew I was probably drinking a little too much, given that I was already tired from the drive, but hey, it was a vacation. Angie's drink disappeared faster than mine, and as she got up to make a new one I decided to find the bathroom. It was even better than I expected. It was tiled all in white; the bottom two-thirds of each wall was mirrored, and the remainder was painted bright blue. Two circular tiers of steps led down into a sunken jacuzzi, which I immediately turned on to fill up. A large shower with a frosted door stood opposite the jacuzzi. Best of all, two silky white bathrobes hung from hooks on the wall. I eagerly took off my shirt and shorts and slipped into one of the bathrobes. The cool, soft fabric clung to my hips and breasts and barely covered my ass. I felt much sexier walking back into the bedroom, where Angie was waiting with our new drinks.
