 This is the strange tale of the night about a month ago that I became one of the Chosen People. It all happened at the apartment of my friend Fran Epstein. The plan for the evening was to go out and hit some bars as we often did. It was understood that we were both free to hook up with other women, but more often than not we ended the evening between her sheets.

We were great in bed and had many things in common, but the relationship was stuck in neutral because I wasn't Jewish. Even though Fran had not gone to a synagogue since the day she moved out of her parents' house, she was stuck on the idea that her "one and only" had to be Jewish. I used every argument I could think of. I even told her that the Irish are the lost tribe of Israel. But she wouldn't budge.

As usual on our bar nights, we began the evening with a few stiff drinks. Neither of us could face the bar scene cold sober and I, for one, was very self-conscious about my chubby little body. I consoled myself with the knowledge that some women were able to lose themselves in my big brown eyes and forget about the tonnage down below. Fran, thank God, was one of those women.

Fran had no worries about her looks. She is a natural redhead with pale skin and the body of a Dallas Cowboys cheerleader. She made women salivate like Pavlov's dogs. And she is no bimbo either. Her intelligence and quirky personality are what made me fall in love with her. I wanted her to be all mine, but, grudgingly, had to settle for being her fuck buddy.

As we continued to fortify ourselves with Dutch courage that night the doorbell rang. Fran's raised eyebrow told me that she was not expecting anyone. She answered the door and was greeted by the sight of two plainly dressed young ladies who were in their mid-20's -- about our age.

One was tall and thin and wore a dark gray jumper over what appeared to be a men's pinstriped dress shirt. The other woman was shorter and curvier and wore a long-sleeved print dress with a high neckline. Their hemlines were almost ankle length and they both wore flat shoes with socks. Neither of them was wearing any makeup or jewelry. Not even earrings. They both had long dark hair. The tall one's hair was put up in a bun and the short one's was braided.

The tall one seemed to be in charge. She asked Fran whether she was Miss Epstein.

"Yes, I'm Miss Epstein," said Fran. "How can I help you?"

"I'm Maya Katz" she said "and this is my friend Anna Moskowitz. We are from the Chasidic community in Brooklyn. We would like to talk to you about Judaism and to invite you to attend our synagogue."

I am sure Fran would have run them off if they weren't Jewish, but instead she invited them in.

"This is my friend Louise," said Fran. "She's not Jewish." It was said pointedly enough to piss me off.

We walked into the living room and Fran offered them drinks which they politely declined. I certainly did not decline. Fran and I both sipped drinks which Fran seemed to have goosed up a bit -- for medicinal purposes.

As Maya was about to open her mouth Fran jumped in and took the initiative.

"I though Chasidic women stayed in Brooklyn, married young and had fifteen kids," she said.

Maya smiled and said "that's what our parents think too. They have tried for years to marry us off to many boys but none of them appealed to us in the slightest." She wrinkled up her nose and Anna's face registered pure disgust.

I could see the needle on Fran's lez detector beginning to twitch. "Are you two close friends?" she asked.

Maya smiled blissfully. "Oh yes," she said.

Anna then opened her mouth for the first time. "Maya is my very best friend in the whole world."

She reached over and gently touched Maya on the shoulder and the two of them exchanged adoring looks. You would have to be as blind as a bat not to see that these two women were hopelessly in love.

Never one to be shy, especially when she is a little drunk, Fran plowed right ahead. "They may not want me at your synagogue. I'm a lesbian."

Maya's face registered shock. "You don't mean that."

Fran smiled. "You two don't know much about sex, do you?"

"We know what the Talmud teaches us," Maya said sternly. "We must be modest in our dress and in all other ways. We will learn the rest when, God willing, we get married."

"So that's all you know?" asked Fran.

"I guess so," said Maya.

Fran then went for broke. "I bet you two don't even masturbate."

"Of course not," snapped Maya in a shocked tone. I could see that she was telling the truth.

"I do," said Anna softly.

This caught Maya completely by surprise and her head spun around to look at Anna. 

Fran looked Anna right in the eye. "Do you think about anyone when you masturbate Anna?"

She shyly looked down to her feet. "Yes," she said "I think about Maya." 

You could have heard a pin drop.

"We have to leave," said Maya abruptly.

"We're staying," snapped Anna. Maya looked stunned. She had never heard that tone of voice from Anna before.

As a card carrying member of the lesbian's union, there was no way Fran was going to stop now. "Look," she said, "if the two of you will stay here for a while I promise I will go to your synagogue."

Everyone in the room knew that this was a bargain with the devil. Anna didn't hesitate for a second. "We agree."

Something seemed to soften inside Maya. The shock and hostility we had seen just a few moments before was completely gone. Whatever might happen, she knew that she could never leave Anna's side. With a look of courage on her face that melted my heart, she bravely nodded yes.

The emotion of the last few minutes and the sexual tension in the air had moved me deeply -- and given me a warm feeling between my legs. I didn't know what Fran had in mind, but I should have sensed that we soon would be doing things that we never would have done cold sober. Fran walked over to the couch where I was sitting, put her arms around me and kissed me.

I could never resist beautiful Fran. Her hot open mouth on mine and the sweet taste of her saliva gave me the same stirring between my legs that it always did. I just leaned back and closed my eyes. Fran pulled up my dress, removed my pantyhose, spread my legs and showed the two girls everything I've got.

Their eyes were riveted on my large triangle of thick black pubic hair and my wet swollen pussy. They were spellbound. Their faces were flushed and it was obvious they were both becoming very aroused.

Fran kneeled between my large wide-open milky thighs and plunged her face into me. I heard her moan with pleasure as she breathed in my hot cunty scent. She wasted no time and started working my clit with her tongue. I gasped as she slid her fingers into my slippery hole. I never felt like such a shameless slut in my life These two girls were watching me, with my legs wide open, getting fucked right before their eyes.

Fran quickly darted into her bedroom and came out carrying the pink cock-shaped dildo that we often used. When the two girls realized what she was going to do with it their eyes almost popped out of their heads. It was pretty much the usual size, but to them it must have looked like a Louisville Slugger.

Fran kneeled between my legs again and licked my hot swollen clit with hard demanding strokes. As my moaning became louder she slipped the dildo into me and slowly pushed it in deep. Her skillful licking and the delicious fullness in my cunt took me right to the edge.

She knew exactly what to do next. She put her middle finger in her mouth, covered it with saliva and slowly slid it deep into my ass. The thrilling sensation made me gasp with pleasure and I climaxed powerfully. A tidal wave of pure sensation started between my legs and swept out over me. She kept licking me and fucking me and new surges of ecstasy overwhelmed me. She could feel my contractions squeezing her finger as my entire body was bathed in pleasure.

When it finally ended Fran slowly withdrew the dildo and her finger. Needless to say, she was now very aroused. She pulled up her dress, discarded her pantyhose and put her feet up on the couch and spread her legs. Maya and Anna stared at the swollen wet pussy glistening beneath her magnificent bush of curly red pubic hair. She put two fingers on her clit and started rubbing it in small circles.

But she stopped as we saw Anna suddenly lose control of herself. She kicked off her shoes and pulled off her dress. I could see that the crotch of her panties was soaked as she pulled them off next. She sat down, spread her legs wide over the arms of her chair, and started to masturbate. She plunged her fingers into her cunt and rubbed her clit with the heel of her hand. She looked at Maya with pleading eyes and said "I need you."

A dam broke inside Maya. She felt a hunger for Anna deep within her soul. She now understood that Anna desperately needed to surrender to her. She feasted her eyes on Anna's beautiful wet pink cunt and felt a powerful spasm between her legs that almost made her faint.

She knelt before Anna almost reverently. She placed her mouth on Anna's large soft breasts and licked the hard bumpy pink nipples. Anna had dreamt of this moment for years and her juices were now pouring out of her as she closed her eyes and waited to be swept away.

Maya was overwhelmed by a desperate primal need to make Anna come. She buried her face in Anna's cunt and the pungent female musk brought on another powerful spasm between her legs. Anna instinctively reached down and pulled Maya's face into her, covering Maya's face with her hot juices. Maya started to lick her and Anna gasped when Maya's tongue reached her large hard clit. She whispered hoarsely "Right there Maya. Please. Don't stop. I love you. I love you."

Maya could feel Anna's hard hot clit against her tongue and licked her with slow steady strokes. She twirled her tongue around Anna's clit and Anna responded by spreading her thighs as far as they would go. Maya explored Anna's vaginal lips with trembling fingers and Anna began breathing in gasps.

She slowly slid her fingers into Anna's cunt and Anna's moans became louder and louder. She thrust her fingers in and out and licked Anna's swollen clit hard and fast. Suddenly Anna began to come. She cried out as her body was flooded by a powerful torrent of pleasure. Orgasm after orgasm cascaded over her as Maya made her come again and again and again.

When it was finally over Maya was swept by emotions and sensations she never could have imagined. As she thought of Anna's wet cunt squeezing her fingers and Anna's cries of pleasure filling the room, the feeling between her legs became a powerful yearning that took her breath away. The throbbing between her legs become more and more intense. She went down on all fours as she felt herself being overwhelmed. 

Fran quickly went to her and kneeled down beside her. She said "It's O.K. baby. Don't be afraid. You can let go." She slipped her hand under Maya's dress and pressed her hand on Maya's pussy through the soaking wet panties. The delicious pressure of Fran's hand made her completely surrender to the blissful sensations between her legs and she climaxed for the first time in her life. Deep rhythmic contractions in her womb made her cry out as waves of incandescent feeling swept through her body again and again She collapsed on the floor as she was then immersed in the ecstasy of the afterglow which enveloped her. 

Anna went to her and kissed Maya's pussy through the soaking wet panties. She then gently pulled them off and nuzzled the dark curly hair of Maya's mons. Soon the two of them embraced and both sobbed uncontrollably.

Fran came back to me and I kissed the hand that had just been between Maya's legs. Then we snuggled on the couch and watched Anna holding Maya to her bosom and gently stroking her hair. 

After a while we all got dressed. We talked for hours and they asked many questions which we happily answered. Then we all realized that it was late and that it was time for them to go home.

As Maya and Anna were about to walk out the door, I said to Fran, with a twinkle in my eye, "You Jewish women are really something. Now I know why my Grandma Ruth had so many husbands."

Maya overheard me. "Your grandmother was Jewish?" she asked.

"No," I said. "She was born Jewish, but she ended up marrying an Italian and two Irishmen."

"Which grandmother?" asked Anna.

"My mother's mother," I answered.

"Then," said Maya with a note of triumph in her voice "you're Jewish."

She explained that you are considered Jewish if your mother was Jewish. It passes through the female line. Therefore, since my mother's mother was Jewish, I'm Jewish.

After they left Fran put her arms around and me. She said "I want you to move in with me Louise."

My heart leaped with joy, but I didn't want to show it. I said in what I hoped was a peevish tone of voice (which wouldn't have fooled a three year old) "You're just saying that because all of a sudden I'm Jewish."

"No, silly" she said "it's because I love you. I realized tonight that I can't live without you. I finally understood that I feel for you the way those two girls feel for each other."

Of course I said yes.

Now those of you who keep score will have already noted that Fran was the only woman in the room that night who hadn't had an orgasm. And, as you can well imagine, I was incredibly anxious to please her. So I gave her the fucking of a lifetime. With all the pent-up emotion of the evening (and with the help of the Louisville Slugger) I made her come so deep and so hard that I had her screaming at the top of her lungs. She made so much noise that I was afraid she would be evicted from her apartment before I could even move in. Fortunately the walls were thick and I moved in the next day.

Then last week Fran picked up the phone and it was Maya. Maya proudly told Fran that she and Anna had moved in together. She said, however, that they had also decided to hold Fran to her promise. And they not only expected her to go to the synagogue with them, they expected her to bring me too. According to Maya, if they had known beforehand that I had a Jewish maternal grandmother I would have been made part of the deal. Fran laughed and happily agreed. 

So we went last night, but it wasn't to the Chasidic synagogue in Brooklyn, but to the Gay/Lesbian synagogue in Manhattan. Maya and Anna were there when we arrived. Maya had cut her hair very short and wore dark slacks, hiking boots and a handsome black leather jacket. Anna wore a short sexy blue dress with sheer black hose and heels. Her hair had been permed and she wore beautiful earrings and flawless make-up.

Fran and I both had tears in our eyes when we saw that these two wonderful women were finally able to be themselves. How sweet it was that these two Chosen People could choose to be happy.