 "The Checkout Girl, Part 1" was originally written four years ago. This part is all brand-new, for your reading pleasure (and my writing pleasure!) Feedback and comments, please! • 

THE CHECKOUT GIRL, PART 2

"The Hotel, Continued"

I lay in the huge bed, panting, barely conscious after two Long Island iced teas and a mind-blowing orgasm -- not to mention, my first incredible experience with another woman. We lay side-by-side, contemplating the ceiling and . . . well, I don't know what else she was thinking about, but I was sure reliving some of what we'd just done. Oh, and the fact that I'd actually slept with another chick.

I'm not saying I didn't have lesbian fantasies -- did I ever! -- but actually living one out with somebody I knew in real life, a checkout girl from the grocery store I visited several times a week . . . this was big. I had to get my mind around this one. If I hadn't been giddy with our crazy road trip and the liquor, I probably would have chickened out.

But boy oh boy, I never had ANYTHING like that from a man, myself, or any inanimate object . . .

Even though my skin and muscles and tissues felt half-desensitized, half-throbbing in time with the aftershocks in my pussy, I was acutely aware of my right arm draped across hers. Not scratchy, hard, and hairy -- soft. Sweetly soft, like her breasts . . .

I realized we'd had our first orgasm together still pretty much dressed. Well, wearing tiny, silky bathrobes with nothing underneath, but I hadn't touched her bare breasts yet. This might be a good time to try that out.

My breath finally quieting, I turned my head so I could look at Angie. Her eyes were closed, and she had an intriguing little smile that showed me she was definitely still conscious and had something pleasant on her mind. Her bathrobe had loosened just enough to show tantalizing, plunging décolletage, and the edge was pulled up over her hips so I could clearly see her pussy, still glistening wet from her juices and my saliva. And still sexily swollen . . . 

I decided to tease her a little. I sat halfway up and leaned over her hips. Without touching any part of her, I gently blew back and forth, up and down her pussy. Her hips twitched in surprise and she started to giggle. I opened my mouth a little wider and slowed my airstream so that I was blowing hot air, not cool, over her moist little mouth. She tensed and her hips raised up slightly. I leaned even closer, with my mouth almost covering her pussy. She obligingly opened her legs wider, straining upward to try and rub her pussy lips on my mouth, inviting my tongue in. I held back, not touching, still only breathing hotly over her wet cunt. She moaned and started to reach her hand toward me.

I intercepted her hand and intertwined my fingers with hers, then slid up to lie next to her again. She opened her eyes and gave me a glazed look that showed how hot she was getting again.

She reached for me with her other hand as if to caress my breasts, but I intercepted that one, too. I wanted to concentrate just on her pleasure this time. I wanted to savor every moan, every quiver, every gasp. I leaned over slowly, searching her eyes for a clue to her thoughts. She met my gaze steadily, with a few straying glances to my mouth. We smiled at each other a little, then I gently, barely, whisperingly brushed my lips against hers. I could feel her lips tremble a little, and her body still seemed to tense upward toward me.

I let myself sink slightly more into the kiss. Her lips were so soft and moist that I gently licked them just for the pleasure of their taste and texture. When she opened her lips slightly, I began to lick deeper, sliding my tongue across both lips, between them, behind them, sucking one lip gently between my own.

She worked her hands free and slid her fingers through my long hair and across the back of my neck. I wrapped my left arm and leg around her, sliding my hand under her arm and shoulder so we could hold each other closely and lose ourselves in that sweet, otherworldly kiss. This was no guy trying to prove his alpha-male dominance by jamming his big tongue down my throat; Angie and I had small, matching, gentle tongues that met lovingly, warmly, erotically in the middle. 

I lost myself so much in her lips and tongue that I didn't realize at first when she slipped her arm between us and began caressing my left breast through my silky bathrobe. I moaned softly against her open mouth as she rubbed her open palm slowly up and down, sending a delicious, electric tingle from my nipple straight down to my pussy. My involuntary moan encouraged her, and she impatiently dragged the left side of my robe aside and pressed her heated palm against my naked breast, squeezing gently and continuing to rub back and forth across my hardening nipple. It felt so good that I just wanted to lie back and melt in a puddle as she touched me.

Through this haze of pleasure, I remembered that I had wanted to pleasure her this time. I brought my attention back to her lips and kissed more firmly and urgently for a moment, then took her caressing hand from my breast and kissed her palm several times, taking care to lick gently in the sensitive crevices between her fingers.

I smiled at her again, then scooted down a bit so I could reach her bathrobe tie. I deliberately untied it, making a point of not being in a hurry, then, looking intently at her eyes, drew the robe open and slid the sleeves down her arms.

She had a soft, slightly rounded tummy, a byproduct of her two children but still attractive. I'm not a fan of the starving-African-waif school of modern beauty, and her soft flesh was immensely appealing to me. She apparently hadn't suntanned in years, whether from choice or not having enough time, and the uniform, near-alabaster of her skin made me want to spend the next ten years kissing every inch repeatedly. I wished that I could be a master painter just so I could paint her beautiful, sensual, nude body. Momentary images of increasingly erotic paintings flashed through my mind, nearly distracting me from my pleasant task.

I dragged my mind firmly back to the here-and-now. Still wearing my own bathrobe, I knelt up, straddling her left leg, and placed my hands on her hips, gently but firmly sliding them up her sides, then under her breasts, just barely grazing their undersides, then across her tummy, down the front of her thighs. On the way back up, I just barely let my thumbs brush the top of her pubis, drawing a sharp, soft intake of breath from her. I slid my hands more slowly up her tummy toward her breasts, slowing down as I approached them and again, stopping just short, grazing their undersides this time with the backs of my hands, then lightly caressing the sides. Her eyes were closed again, and her nipples were hardened into little pink pebbles, even though I hadn't touched them yet.

I backed up a little and traced my fingertips down her tummy, then slowly across the top of her pubis, slowing till my hand barely moved. Little goosebumps had sprung up across her tummy and sides from my light touch, and she breathed lightly and more rapidly as the fingers of one hand slipped down across her outer labia. I was barely touching her, but as she widened her legs a little, her wet pussy lips opened wider of their own accord as if pleading firmer, more penetrating contact.

I took my time, caressing and exploring only her outer lips with my fingers. She trembled, and I imagined that she must be restraining herself mightily from pressing her hips upward against my hand.

I removed my hands, then backed up further so that I was kneeling between her ankles. I gently raised her knees and placed them out to the side, as high as they could go, and she moaned softly at this further opening of her pussy. I could clearly see her inner lips and even a little gap where earlier my fingers had penetrated and pounded into her vagina. 

This time, I held her ankles in place and lay myself down within easy reach of her inviting little not-so-private parts. I stretched out my tongue and very, very lightly licked up the middle, between her wet and highly sensitive inner labia. She moaned louder now and this time could not help trying to raise her hips. I let her press her pussy against my face, enjoying the soft, wet, squishy feel of her cunt against my mouth and chin. I leaned further in, keeping my mouth closed and pursing my lips so I could rub them deeply into her engorged pussy. Her movements became more frantic as she tried to rub harder against my face. Not wanting her to come so quickly, I pulled back to break contact. She groaned a little at this but apparently decided to trust me to take her where she wanted to go.

I let go of her ankles, then after caressing her lips with my fingers again, gently but firmly stretched them as wide as they would comfortably go. Angie gasped again, and from the quivering motions of her white, pink-tipped breasts, I could tell she was breathing quickly and unevenly.

I simply sat there and admired her exposed pussy for a minute or so, letting it sink in to her that she was completely opened to me, from clitoris to vagina to anus, and that I could take my pick of where to start.

I figured as long as we were crossing barriers here, I might as well deliver the unexpected first. I leaned down and licked the rim of her anus in little, wet circles. She gasped and pulled back a little, then tremblingly pressed toward me again. I stopped circling and instead pressed the tip of my tongue gently, barely into her rectal opening. Even from such a close vantage, I could see an immediate effect. If possible, her engorged pussy seemed to swell and open even further, and I could clearly see an increase in the white, creamy girl-cum collecting at the opening of her vagina. I pressed a little harder with my tongue, not sure if I could get past her tight little opening but willing to try. After a few moments, it didn't seem as if I was going to succeed, but I really didn't want to give up on this, since it seemed to be getting her so turned on.

I decided to wet my little finger in her pussy and penetrate her rectum that way. She gave a frustrated moan when I removed my tongue, but I quickly dipped my smallest finger into her pussy (not long enough for her to transfer her attention there), then pressed it against her tiny opening. She was so tense that I whispered, "Relaaaaaax, darlin'," which seemed to help her understand I needed her cooperation. She relaxed slightly, no longer trying to press her bottom against my hand. Now it seemed I was getting somewhere. The very tip of my finger slipped past her tight little ring. I paused for a moment, then pressed a little harder, wanting to penetrate but not willing to hurt her. 

Suddenly, my finger slipped past the main resistance and thrust halfway into her rectum. Angie gasped loudly and shuddered with her whole body, then pressed urgently against my finger. I pulled back just a bit, then slid it the rest of the way in, all the way up to the knuckle. She was moaning loudly and continuously now and rotating her hips in tiny little circles. Remembering one of the few times I'd tried this on myself, I turned my hand so that my finger was facing upward, then curled it gently in a beckoning motion, pressing her rectal wall upward towards her pussy. Now her hands unclenched the sheets and moved to her breasts, squeezing them tightly and pinching the nipples hard. 

I began sliding my finger slowly in and out, making sure to curl my finger slightly up each time I pulled outward. This put pressure on the backside of her sphincter, which had given me incredible little shocks and pulsations when I had tried it myself. It apparently did something equally nice for her because she was obviously working towards an orgasm. 

Unwilling to let her cum without more physical contact than my little finger in her ass, I slid two fingers of my other hand into her sopping wet cunt, then leaned forward and licked her clit gently and rhythmically. I didn't have any illusions about my multitasking ability, so I reduced my attention to her anus to a slight, rhythmic pulling and concentrated mainly now on licking her clit. This triple stimulation of her genitals brought a loud, inarticulate crescendo from her lips. As her body tightened progressively and began to rise up, I helped her crest the wave by burying all my fingers as deep as they would go and tonguing her clit on the left, right, top, underside, constantly moving. Just as I judged her climax about to peak, I concentrated on licking the underside of her clit relentlessly, wetly, quickly, firmly. 

Her legs suddenly tried to spring together as her cunt and rectum spasmed wetly around my fingers. She screamed as her hips bucked against my tongue, and I ruthlessly used my penetrating fingers to hold her in place and continue licking her ever-more-swollen clit. Her scream fell off into a tense moan. I could tell I had forced her past a good orgasm towards a really big one. Not wanting her to lose track of it, I continued licking her clit in the same place but now began thrusting my fingers in and out of her squeezing, slippery cunt again, curling them so that I was rubbing firmly against her g-spot with each thrust. She gasped suddenly and held her breath, trying to pull back. I didn't back off but pressed in, continuing to lick her and pound my fingers deeper into her cunt. 

Suddenly, she let out a little chirping gasp and I felt cum gushing out in waves from her pussy, pulses of hot liquid drenching my arm in time with the orgasm I now felt clenching my fingers. After a moment, I pressed my fingers in and left them there, and I flattened my tongue against her now-overly sensitive clit, pressing down to feel the little spasms there too. We stayed in this position for several minutes as she rode the huge wave of that orgasm and slowly, breathlessly came down from it.

To be continued . . .