 Note: This is the FINAL part of THE CHECKRIDE

ALL FEEDBACK WELCOME!

The first part of this story was from Wanda's perspective. This second part will be from Lydia's point of view.

*****

The relationship I thought that was going to change my life, never blossomed. Nora came back into Wanda's life, they seemed like a perfect couple. I was hurt, but Wanda had been honest to a fault with me, and told me about it from the start even when we were together. Although I totally understood, I was lonely and very frustrated sexually. I dreamt about them together, schemed on how to win her back, but it was hopeless. Any sort of thing Wanda and I had was superficial compared to what she was creating now with Nora. I fantasized about at least a dozen former lovers tying me up and making me their love slaves, until I would fall into a deep sleep. Dreams of all types filled my mind, mixed with images of the cockpit and my flying experiences.

I was in the right seat as first officer of another type of aircraft, we were ascending to our cruising altitude and I was monitoring the radio to get our new heading from the ATC when I looked up and the plane was going higher than I had ever experienced, my heart raced as I checked the gauges, the altitude was exceeding the recommended ceiling for any commercial jet aircraft! We were heading into the stratosphere where the air is exceedingly thin and oxygen sparse. Our fuel mixture would have to be adjusted but there were still loads of clouds, how strange! Then it hit me, I was dreaming! I wasn't in control for a change. When you're in the right seat you only fly when the captain allows you to, and I was no longer a captain, but it felt strange, when I looked over to see who was commanding the plane it was Wanda and she was completely naked. I watched as her lovely boobs bounced as the plane ascended through turbulence, her fine dark skin shimmering in the brilliant light. She appeared the same as when I 'd seen her last. She looked over at me and just smiled, then the engines quit and I awoke in a cold sweat. How very strange! 

I stayed awake, got up and looked at my computer for awhile. I perused the Tumblr sites that I enjoy watching. Lovely young lesbians, mostly European women posing with their girlfriends. I thought back about how many times I had always wanted to dominate another woman, and how a budding relationship would almost always fall apart. I pondered the situations, one by one, was it due to my need for ultimate control? I felt my needs and desires changing. I contemplated images of being submissive and having another woman tie me down and make me her love slave for a while. I searched archives of my favorite porn site for lesbian domination videos and got myself off by identifying with the submissive. That night would become a pivotal point of change in my sexual life for the next few months.

After a long week of flying, I ended up in Costa Rica and in need of a real massage. Darla, a very attractive Latina flight attendant I'd befriended, told me about a friend of hers who practiced massage near by. Darla's about 25 and has always been outgoing and friendly to me. I've always wanted to hit on her, but the thought of having a possible romantic or even just a casual sexual connection with another crew member is not a good thing when you're in my position. Nevertheless, I couldn't stop fantasizing about how wondrous her warm skin would feel next to mine. If I found out she transferred to another carrier, I would be the first to call her and ask her out. Darla implored me to check out her friend Marissa who she highly recommended as an expert physical therapist who could also gave a great massage. I went back to my hotel and got out of the uniform and made an appointment for later that evening. Marissa told me she'd trained as a physical therapist who also specialized in massaging professional women. She asked me to take a pic of myself and send it for the security cam in her apartment . I thought that was an odd request and when I snapped the pic I realized I wasn't wearing a bra and my 38DDs were making quite the statement through the thin cotton fabric. I guess it was a conscious decision, and I hoped it would pay off later.

The taxi dropped me off in this upscale neighborhood but the address she gave me was in an older building above an all night music club. Marissa buzzed me in quickly and I walked up the two flights to her apartment. I wore a snug fitting pair of jeans and sleeveless cotton top, without a bra. It was still hot despite the night breezes and I always enjoy showing off my breasts when I m not working.

I knocked and a very attractive woman in her mid 40's opened it. She wore a crop, dark grey danskin and a tank top which accentuated her firm, yet curvaceous shoulders and biceps. Her dark brunette hair fell nicely over her shoulders and she had the body of woman who worked out regularly and took very good care of her body.

"Lydia?"

"Yes, you must be Marissa?" 

"Of course, please come in, would you enjoy something to drink first?"

Marissa had her table set up in the living room of her spartan apartment, graced with all sorts of different art on the walls and small sculptures. The scent of burning sage permeated the air. Marissa had some spicy erotic art and photography scattered around the walls of her apartment. Some nude men with women, some women with other women, a good mix of stylized erotic photography and contemporary art.

"I took her up on her offer for some tea and we chatted for a bit as she asked me what I did for a living. 

"You must have much tension in your shoulders and hips, I can help you with that," She seemed so confident and focused. We chatted about Costa Rica and her native land, Columbia.

"Too many people in my native land are oppressed by the drug industry there. I had to leave and find something better for myself. I have a grown daughter already. I'm forty two and am still seeking some peace and serenity in my life," Marissa confided. She couldn't find the courage to tell me about her transgendered daughter who was out with her girlfriends for a few days.

I've never met a pilot nor had one as a client on my table, but I'm sure your lifestyle has you on the move so much, its tough to eat correctly and work out too, am I wrong?"

"Yes, you're very astute Marissa, I don't get enough time to work out but I do try to do a regular stretch routine every day."

Marissa suggested that I lay take off my jeans first anyway for the massage and adjustment, and motioned me to lay down on her exercise mat so she could show me some good stretches to do before going to work. I was only wearing my black thong and still had on my yellow sleeveless top.

She had me do some isometrics which would help my abdomen and legs. 

"You have a wonderful body, Lydia. I'm sure you've been doing things to keep it in shape,"

"When I can find the time," I countered.

She placed her hand on by bare thigh and caressed my leg as she guided it to the correct position for the exercise.

Her hand felt so warm and firm. I felt my sexual desire increase rapidly as she manipulated my arms for another set of things to do before I went out everyday. Her hand lingered on the inside of my arm, brushing against my breast. I'm certain she knew she was arousing me.

"Ok now stand up and please take off top and show me those lovely breasts!" 

"Sure," 

I was relieved to finally show her my natural 38DDs. I pulled off the top revealing them and couldn't help notice how wide Marissa's eyes lit up when she took them in. I kept my thong on and got on my back again to show her the routine I did every morning.

Marissa knelt next to me and gently suggested some alterations in my exercise. Then she showed me a good yoga pose and I followed along watching her flex her lovely body. Her curves and firm body were a true gift to watch as she stretched and breathed into the stretch. She had such a firm ass. I was so jealous, and her leg muscles were really beautifully formed. She was not overly muscular and yet enough mass beyond visually appealing to very erotic.

"Thats good Lydia, if you could do some swimming it would also help. You are a very attractive woman Lydia, and I'm sure men are all around you asking you for dates!" Somehow I knew she picked up that I could care less about what men thought of me, but since we'd just met, she didn't want to scare me by coming on strong.

"You're very kind Marissa," I left it at that, hoping we'd get a bit more physical, but also not assuming anything was going to happen, to get my hopes up, besides a massage.

"Ok, so get on your back on my table, and Im going to do some basic structural corrections first. I also believe in giving all my clients a full body massage which will take over an hour, so is that ok for you now?

"Oh sure, I don't have any plans,"

"Good"

Marissa manipulated my neck and did some reflexology on my upper torso to find the weak spots on my body. Her hands felt so warm on my skin. I loved her touch, it was so firm and yet sensuous. At one point her hands were very close to my breasts and I felt my body wanting to be taken and massaged by her firm, yet soft fingers. Then I got on her table and she oiled me up and massaged me for a good half hour, non stop. It felt so good just getting my neck and back feeling relaxed. During all of this she was very quiet, letting me concentrate on her superb touch, which was very arousing and yet releasing all my tensions. She worked diligently on my legs, back and feet, but avoided any real erotic zones. She took a few seconds break.

"I would like to now use all of my body to stimulate and at the same time, relax you. I can sense that you still have a lot of tension in your abdomen and your neck. I don't want to surprise you, so I'm going to disrobe now and get on top of you to get the proper position. First, I want you to roll over onto your back and then later I will work on you back some more. Are you ok with that?"

"I am, Please go ahead!"

I rolled over and watched as Marissa pulled off the cropped danskin revealing her natural smooth brown skin body. I was delightfully surprised by her 36C breasts, with dark, wide nipples that stood very erect, in the cool air of her room. It appeared that Marissa shaved most of her pubic hair only leaving a short patch above her mound. I was SO into having her on top of me, my pussy lips quivered in anticipation.

"I love your breasts, they're all yours aren't they?"

"Yes I filled out to a 38DD by my mid twenties, I love them they're very sensitive and love to be caressed as much as possible,"

"Hmmnn, I see" Marissa said, smiling back at me. "They are very nice and round, with perfect dark nipples," she whispered in her Columbian accent.

Marissa slowly squatted over me and gently rubbed her sex on my leg, gently up and down as she pivoted her strong pelvic muscles. I felt her vulva compress against my inner thigh. Her lovely breasts hung in my face and I caressed her arm and nipple with my fingers.

"Try to just feel our skins meeting and not use your hands for a minute, although I do love being touched, Im trying to invigorate and relax you,"

"Ok," I acquiesced and just concentrated on her lovely pussy mound and her course hairs rubbing against my quadriceps. Then she moved herself up a few inches.

"Spread you legs apart and let me rub my sex on yours now and enjoy the sensation. Have you ever done this before?

"Yes I have, Marissa but not this way and I love what you're doing to me!"

This hot woman lowered her lovely sex to mine and thrust her sex in between my legs. Our clits could not meet but our labia's were close and it felt great. She pivoted a few times as I moaned in delight. I'd never done that exact position before and it was nice to experience it in a very controlled way. I felt the warmth of her sex as she rubbed it into mine, her moist mound met my own juices as a natural lubricant of our friction.

Then Marissa moved up and lowered her labia right onto my erect right nipple. She moved from side to side, and pressed her abdomen into my chest. 

"Nugghhh," She moaned as I took in her first outward sign of pleasure.

I was in heaven! Her lovely clitoris massaged my nipple, lubricating it with her lovely fragrance from her pussy.

She alternated going between my right and left nipple, also dipping down and firmly pressing her body into my cleavage as well.

A few minutes later she moved closer to my face and although she pleaded with me not to use my hands, I couldn't resist.

I instinctively reached for her ass cheeks and took her to my face. Marissa rubbed her sex onto my lips as my tongue went to work massaging her swollen clit.

"Oh yes Lydia, suck me darling, suck me good!" Marissa moaned.

The horny masseuse rubbed her sex back and forth furiously as my tongue attacked her clitoris. It was a long one and it was becoming more and more swollen with each suck and stimulation I gave it.

Marissa whined and moved from side to side but I knew she was far from an orgasm. Suddenly she pulled away and got off the table.

"Did I do something wrong?" I said sitting up on my elbows.

"No, but I really need to do my thing here," not explaining anymore than that she came over to me and kissed me passionately. 

Then with almost one continuous motion, she grabbed my arms.

"I need a bit more control over you," Marissa said, as she grabbed my arms and took me off the table. "I will need to restrain you now, please don't resist, I wont hurt you," she said firmly. Marissa quickly bound my wrists with some rope she had around. Apparently she had it all planned out.

"Unnggh, you're turning me on too much, Marissa, please play with my pussy!"

"Soon, but first I have to teach you some subordination," she said firmly.

Marissa leaned me against the wall first.

She began massaging my ass cheeks with her breasts, rubbing her nipples into my ass and separating my legs as her massaging hands also slid her firm breasts and then her entire chest all over my bum and legs. She moved me back to her massage table and put me face down, still with my hands bound behind me. Suddenly she was on top of me rubbing her sex into my ass. It felt so good and I moaned. Then Marissa parted my labia and knelt down and rubbed her stiff nipple on my pussy, Oh how I so enjoyed that feeling and I showed my satisfaction with my autonomic reaction of getting extremely wet.

"You're vagina lubricates quite quickly I see," Marissa said as she pressed her lovely breasts into my wet mound.

"You will enjoy this too," whispered Marissa, obviously enjoying herself also.

Marissa placed her ample breast on my vulva and rubbed it around even more furiously, which drove me crazy with lust. I absolutely love when a woman does that to me! I was tormented by her sensuous touch and so wanted to taste her also.

"You like that Lydia don t you?"

"Yes, doesn't every woman, ummnngh!" I moaned.

"Marissa, please suck my pussy, please!" I cried in lust.

"We'll get to that soon enough, but first I want you to rest your torso on the table. She pressed my breasts into the cloth sheet which covered the leather and told me not to move. I abided, hoping to gain her trust, not realizing that she was so much into her domination. 

"You've got a wonderful ass too, Lydia but its too pale, you need some color in it.

WHACK, she slapped me hard and it stung hard.

WHACK, again.

"What do you want?" I pleaded. Her slap was hard but not as bad as I thought she could've done. I could sense she didn't want to really hurt me. My ass was too white anyway.

"I want you to admit you came here to suck my pussy bitch! Darla told me you'd enjoy this and she was right wasn't she?"

"YES! YES! I want to suck your pussy Marissa. I came here to suck you and enjoy your sex too!" It felt like a full confession.

"NOT so easy, bitch, I want you to feel the control of my hand on your body, you come when I tell you and you lick me when I tell you to lick me, do you UNDERSTAND?"

"Yes" I whimpered.

WHACK

"What did you say?!"

"YES mistress Marissa, I understand!"

"Now that we understand each other's motives, we can go back to enjoying ourselves ok?"

Marissa came around the other side of the table and mounted me once more. She went on her knees and rubbed her lovely hanging breasts all over my neck and shoulders. She pressed her flesh into mine, our scents mingled and our hair intertwined. I could smell her sex, she was excited too, I could feel her body heat. Her pussymound was rubbing the back of my neck and I'd never even thought of that position in my life! Her sex dripped down my back and I was enjoying every bit of her technique.

"Oh that feels so good!" I moaned as her lovely nipples caressed my neck and hair. I so wanted to kiss them and caress those soft brown orbs, but it wasn't the time yet. After only a few minutes of that delightful feeling, she took me and lead me into her bedroom. Marissa took my hair and tied it back, then she kissed me strongly and firmly on my lips thrusting her tongue in my mouth. I loved it, I had never been taken like this in my life. It was an entire new experience for me. I desperately wanted to throw my arms around her and kiss her back, but she was too aggressive anyway, pursuing my lips and face with a vengeance.

Then she began with her kink.

Marissa put her arms around my head and kissed me, my hands were still tied behind my back. I was helpless unless I had to kick her, and I was hoping it wouldn't get any more intense. Then she lifted her arm and smothered her armpit into my face. Her natural odor permeated my sense of smell.

"Lick my armpit, bitch. Lick me nice and then swallow my sweat,"

At first I was a taken aback, but realized how nice she smelled and she was sharing another fluid with me, which turned me on.

"Do you like that bitch?"

"I do, give me your other arm now," I acquiesced.

I complied although I'd never done that, it wasn't so bad. I enjoyed feeling her sense of domination, her smugness showed on her demeanor.

Then she ravaged my heaving breasts with her lips and tongue. Marissa fingered my wet mound, fingering my hole with vigor and determination. She pinched my left nipple making it stand out more than the other. My juices ran down my inner thigh, she had me where she wanted me and I was enjoying all of this too much to even get a cry of passion out. Not even a whimper.

"My God, your lovely breasts are SO beautiful, I want to suck those nips for ever!" Marissa said in a hoarse whisper.

Her lust for my body was increasing, as was my desire to be taken by this lovely dominating woman. A totally new experience for me!

"Take me babe, make do whatever you want," I wanted to be her slave, to satisfy her demands.

She loosened the hand restraints, but didn't remove them. She ordered me to the floor on my knees as she put one foot up on a desk chair. Her beautiful brown legs were so inviting, I wanted to kiss them too, but she wouldn't let me move. She held my head by the back of my hair, where she'd just tied it back tight. It was uncomfortable but added to the pain of lust I felt in my gut now for this unbelievably hot woman I desperately wanted to satisfy.

"Suck my pussy again now, suck me slow and good Lydia," 

"Unnggh," It was tough to part her thick vulva. Her hand on the back of my head was pulling me away from her lovely pussy. She must've known that, and just for effect, she made it tougher for me to enjoy sucking her. But I adored her fragrant pussy scent. It was SO aromatic I wanted her juices to flow down my throat like a wild flood after a storm.

Finally, she let me in, my tongue found her clitoris, warm and juicy just the way I love them! No ugly studs or clit rings on this woman. I'm old fashioned, tats are fine, but I don't like women with piercings on their vaginas, it just gets in my way!
