 My girlfriend of a good 18 months had left me just before graduation, complaining about my lack of direction, she was always much more driven than I was, and the sort of person who sets goals for themselves and then goes out and achieves them, she was probably working on a master's or post-grad or something. I could never really be bothered with anything of the sort, but things seemed to work out for me anyway.

So there I was, a young English literature graduate living in Paris, one of the most romantic cities in the world, but feeling that I would never find true love, mainly because I wasn't looking.

I had been living in the apartment for a couple of days when I first noticed the very attractive woman across the hallway. She looked to be about in her mid-thirties, early-forties at a stretch and had the sort toned figure that most women would kill for, as well a gorgeous arse that a could not help but notice as I stood next to her in the elevator. In fact, I was staring at it so openly that she must have noticed that I was doing so. Myself, I have a fuller figure, a size 12, that I'm happy with and I've received the occasional comment about my body, my arse in particular. 

I couple of days later I was standing in my bedroom, slipping on a light summer dress and nothing else except sandals, as I was about to go for a walk, as it was the height of summer and it truly was sweltering, as I heard a knock on the door. It took me completely by surprise, as I wasn't expecting anyone to come a-knocking, particularly someone I had not buzzed in.

I made my way over to the door, hoping into some shoes as I crossed the living room, and peeked through the peep-hole and there she was, the beauty from across the hall, looking as gorgeous as before. I swung the door open and smiled hello.

"Hi there," She said in a remarkably sexy voice, "I'm sorry we haven't had time to talk yet, I'm Josephine, and welcome to the building." Fortunately, having grown up in France, I was fluent in the tongue; otherwise I probably would not have understood a word of that.

"I'm Clea, it's a pleasure to meet you," I don't know what it was, but I was getting a definite vibe from this woman and I was starting to think she was into me too. Of course, it may have been my increasing desperation to get laid, but still...

"Likewise, I was hoping you would join me for lunch, I was just going to knock together a salad." She said, gesturing over her shoulder. Her voice was enchanting, kind of deep, yet still beautifully feminine. I could have listened to her talk all day, but it seemed she was expecting and answer.

"I'd love to" I said, smiling.

With that she turned and I followed her into her apartment, I was unsurprised to she it was larger than mine. After all, my father had only used the place to stay when her was called to Paris for business, which was rare, so he didn't need that big a place, or any place at all really, it was just more convenient than a hotel, he said. I think my mother was glad I was living in the place now; it meant she didn't have to think he was keeping a mistress there.

She shut the door and locked it behind her, something I only half noticed at the time, before making her way to the kitchen, or rather work surface that divided the main room in half. She gestured for me to take a seat in the lounge area and I did so.

"Would you like a drink?" She asked. I realised how thirsty I was and nodded and emphatic yes. "What would you like?" She opened up the fridge and I stood to look inside. I saw a can of coke and asked for it, and as she bent down to pick it out I saw she had on no underwear beneath her skin tight jeans. She stood, turned and caught me staring at her. She smiled again and handed me the can. I sat again and started drinking.

We began talking, mainly about me, her asking me questions such as what I did for a living and the like, establishing that I was Jean's daughter, whom she had a nodding acquaintance with. Then she told me a little about herself, her lifestyle, she was a 37 year old divorcee, now an open lesbian, and as I soon leant, a very intelligent, funny person. She told me something I can't remember now that made me laugh so hard I spilt coke down my dress.

As I stood in the kitchen, using kitchen towel to dry the small wet patch on the dress and soak up what dripped between my breasts all of a sudden I felt her wrap her arm around my waist and kiss the back of my neck. I was shocked, certainly, but it was an enjoyable experience, her lips and tongue darting across the back of my neck and shoulders.

I don't know what made me resist her as I did, perhaps I just felt like being coquettish, but I slipped away from her, as she brushed one of the dress straps off my shoulder. I caught the dress with one hand and turned to face her, half smiling as she had a wild look in her eyes. I stepped back and pressed against the counter as she came towards me and began kissing me again, on the front of my neck, my lips and cheeks now.

I tried to push her away, but she was surprisingly strong, and took hold of both my wrists, keeping me pinned against the counter. I felt the dress slipping down as she took both my wrists in one hand behind my back and brushed the other strap off my shoulder. She released my wrists and stepped back, catching a glimpse of my breasts before I caught the dress as it slipped off me.

I started making my way to the door and managed to get one strap back on, preserving my modesty for now, before she spun me around and kissed me hard on the lips. I was hopeless to resist. She caressed my breast with one hand while the other slid down my body and she began to pull my dress up, I tried to stop her, but it was useless and the thing was soon up around my waist, exposing my white cotton panties, getting gradually wetter with my extreme arousal. She let out a small giggle as she slipped a hand between my legs and felt the wetness; I let out a sigh of pleasure.

She knelt before me now, and began to pull my panties down. I realised my hands were free and grabbed them to stop her. Between the two of us pulling at them, the garment was soon torn. She took them and cast them aside, stood again and began lapping and my face and neck, working a hand between my legs to the warm wetness there.

I gave myself over to be pleasured by her in that moment, spreading my legs as she slipped a finger, then two into my eager pussy. I let the dress slip down and groaned with pleasure as she sucked and nibbled my rock hard nipples.

After only a few minutes subject to her ministrations I felt my orgasm building within me and started to moan and egg her on, begging her to make me come. I wrapped my arms around her and felt her heat against me. I felt sweat running down my forehead, neck and back and a single tear run down my cheek as a came to a screaming orgasm.

I pressed my head into her shoulder, breathing heavily for a moment, and saw she was sweating as much as I was. I took her hand by wrist and licked her fingers clean before kissing her. I then looked her directly in the eyes and began to undress her. First her top, then those skin tight jeans.

She was soon naked and I wriggled out of the dress so I could be so too. I knelt before her and kissed her pubic mound, and then her legs, her thighs, down to her feet, before working my way back up again, coating her silky smooth legs with my kisses.

She lied down on the tiled floor and spread her legs in front of me. I gazed over her tight, sweat coated body, her firm breasts, her trimmed pubes and her inviting, moist pinkness. I dove in, lapping at her clit with my tongue, slipping two fingers into her warm cunt, another into her arse. She writhed in pleasure, moaned my name as I fucked her with my fingers and teased her clit with my tongue. It was a great experience, knowing I was pleasuring her so much.

She soon came, juices flooding out of her, coating my face. I gleefully licked her clean as she continued to moan. "Oh, Clea" She half whispered between deep, panting breaths. 

I moved up to kiss her and she licked my face clean before I lay beside her, naked, on the cold floor, breathing heavily.

"Oh, Clea," She said again, her breathing more normal now. "That was fantastic, it really was." She took my hand in hers and kissed it.