 Hello Everyone! First, I'd like to say thank you for all the love you've shown my first story, it was great encouragement for writing part two. Second, thank you for your patience. 2017 has proven to be a trying year so far in every part of my life, and it's only half over. Third, while this can be read as a standalone story, I encourage you to read part one if you have not done so already. There, you will find the development of the characters. 

Lastly, I hope you enjoy part two. While I struggled, I did have some fun writing it. I had an end goal for this portion, but I had a tough time deciding on how to actually get there. I have an idea for a part 3, and depending on the response this gets, I may or may not continue. If you have an idea that you would like to see written into the story, please let me know! As usual, feedback is always welcome, be it positive or negative. Thank you again. 

~Redbone 

***** 

I hadn't spoken to her since we broke up, which was roughly seven months ago. And for the last two of those seven months, I had been sitting outside of her house, observing her activity. Every now and then, I would see her new girlfriend entering and leaving. I must admit, the first time that I saw them together, it took everything in me not to whoop that bitch's ass. But once I calmed myself and my initial irritation began to fade, a more appropriate course of action started to formulate: learn everything there is to know about this new mystery woman and destroy their relationship from the inside out. 

My name is Racheal, and not too long ago, I began to miss my ex-girlfriend Kenny. At the time of our break up, I thought it was a mutual separation. That it was what was best for the both of us. But as the months wore on, I realized that I was trying to fill the void she left behind with the few women I encountered. It was fun, but they weren't her, and I grew tired of them rather quickly. So, I decided to swallow my pride and persuade her to give us another shot. 

That was the first time I saw them together. I originally thought it was some sort of fling and that I had nothing to worry about. Then I saw the way Kenny looked at her, and my stomach dropped. She never looked at me that way. In the four years that we were together, she'd never shown me that level of love. And it pissed me the fuck off. 

The first step in my plan wouldn't be too difficult since my profession consists gathering intelligence for the government. I followed her new girlfriend one morning, which lead me to a bakery called Piece of Cake II. After a Google search of the business, I learned her name: Olivia Taylor. Just a few quick follow-up searches, and I would have everything that I needed to get started. 

Unfortunately, Olivia Grace Taylor was as boring as watching someone else watching paint dry. I easily located her social media pages, and took the time to get a good look at her. If I had to be honest, she was pretty. She had beautiful, curly hair and her complexion was flawless. She had full lips, a cute nose, and expressive, deep brown eyes. She was thick in all the right places, which didn't surprise me since Kenny had a type. This did nothing but increase my hatred for her. 

Don't get me wrong though, I am in no way insecure. I stand at about 5'9", with long, thick, deep burgundy hair, hazel eyes that lean more towards green, and a figure that turns the heads of men and women alike. As I said, far from insecure. From what I could gather, she seemed likable and genuine. It would be difficult to defame her character, but I never back down from a challenge. She had a squeaky-clean record, which provided me with a blank slate to accomplish the second half of my plan. Olivia needed to learn that Kenny belonged to me, and that she was in no way competition. If that meant that she had to suffer, then so be it. 

OLIVIA 

Being with Kenny brought so much joy to my life. She was passionate, attentive, genuine, and the laughter we shared always brightened my days. There were a few adjustments in the beginning, as there are with all relationships. She was more meticulous than I was, preferring things to be a certain way. I was a little more easygoing than she, allowing things to happen, and adapting to them accordingly. I thought that we balanced each other well, and based on the way she interacted with me, I was inclined to believe that Kenny felt the same. 

We had graduated to the stage of having a reserved drawer at our respective residences with a few of the necessities required for spending the night. I had never been happier. 

However, a strange sequence of events began to occur, leaving me more than confused. 

After spending a blissful evening with Kenny, I left her house the next morning for work. About halfway through the drive, I noticed red and blue lights flashing in my rearview mirror, along with the customary alert siren. I signaled, merging into the next lane to make way for the officer to pass. However, he mirrored my movements. Odd. 

I signaled once more, and pulled over to an open area at the curb. The officer followed me again, and parked behind me. My anxiety began to rise as I tried to think of what I did to cause this. I reached for my license and registration, in preparation of the exchange. Shortly after we pulled over, he exited his vehicle and approached my driver's side window. 

"Good morning, officer," I greeted him. 

"License and registration, please?" he curtly replied. 

"Of course," I said handing him the requested documentation. I didn't want to agitate him, so I kept quiet, waiting for his next instruction. He proceeded to his vehicle, where I assumed he was running my information through his system to check if I had a prior record. Luckily for me, I've never had an issue with law enforcement. After a few minutes, he returned. 

"Do you know why I stopped you today?" he inquired. 

"Honestly, sir, I'm not sure," I answered. 

"You blew through a stop sign a few blocks back, failed to signal before turning, and were exceeding the speed limit," he informed me. I looked at him with surprise as I tried to remember doing all of those things. I had made the trip from Kenny's house to the bakery numerous times, and had never had an issue. But, I guess I could have been preoccupied with my thoughts. 

"If you had only committed one of those infractions, I would let you off with a warning. However, I have to issue you a ticket," he said handing me the marked piece of paper. "Be more careful," he concluded before returning to his vehicle. I waited for him to leave before continuing to the cake shop. I parked my car, and took a deep breath as I reviewed the ticket. 

$90! What the hell? 

There was no way that I should have been fined that much. I sighed deeply as I tried to calm myself. I had a business to run, and I would deal with it later. The morning rush was like any other day, and I tried my best not to let my rough start effect my attitude. I didn't have much of an appetite by lunch, but was pleasantly surprised when Kenny walked through the door. I could already feel my day turning around. 

"Hey, babe," she said, "I thought I'd bring you lunch." She handed me a brown paper bag which contained my favorite panini. She always remembered the little things. 

"Thanks, love," I pecked her on the cheek. "Are you staying, or do you have to get back to work?" I asked her. She held up another brown bag that I hadn't noticed and smiled at me. I led her back to my office. She told me of her morning, which consisted of the usual Cherri story. That woman amused me with her failed attempts of luring Kenny away from me. When she finished, I filled her in on my morning. 

"Really? He gave you a $90 ticket?" she asked with the same level of confusion I had been feeling. "You should fight it," she suggested. 

"I was thinking the same thing, but I don't know. I guess I could have been distracted," I rationalized. 

"Liv, you're way too nice. You know that he was being an asshole. I bet if you challenge it, it'll work out in your favor," she said as she finished her sandwich. 

She had a way of bringing to my attention when I was being a push over, and I loved her for it. "What would I do without you?" I smiled at her. 

"You'd be missing out on things like this," she replied as she leaned in and kissed me. Kissing Kenny had become one of my favorite pass times. Regardless of how many times she kissed me, it always felt just as good as the first time. I melted into her soft lips and the kiss heated up quickly. I could already feel the dampness in my underwear. I pushed her away before things went a step too far. 

"We should both get back to work," I said breathlessly, "Before this gets too intense." 

Her eyes had darkened to a deep honey, which was the telltale sign of her arousal. She used that dangerous smirk of hers as she replied, "Or, I'm sure you have some extra frosting lying around that can be put to good use." I felt my face flush as it instantly became unbearably warm in my office. She must have noticed me blush, chuckling at my reaction to her statement. Damned tease. 

"Okay," I said standing up to open the door before she had a chance to take me right there on my desk, "There will be none of that here." She rolled her eyes while standing to follow me to the front of the shop. 

"Fine, but you won't get away so easily tonight," she kissed me one last time before leaving. I shook my head and laughed to myself. That woman is going to be death of me. 

KENDRA 

I couldn't get enough of her. It didn't matter how much time we spent together, I always missed Liv when we were apart. It was a slow start, and the adjustment period had its ups and downs, but I honestly couldn't imagine my life without her. Her enthusiasm, compassion and ability to always see the bright side of every situation continued to draw me in. Not to mention the fact that her smile set my core on fire. I had never loved a woman the way I loved Liv, and I was grateful to her for helping me connect to those emotions. 

By the time I got back to my office, I had cooled down, but images of Liv's naked body threatened to distract me for the rest of the afternoon. It was more of a welcome distraction than the woman who wouldn't take no for an answer. As if she could read my thoughts, Cherri sauntered into my office. 

"Hey, Kenny," she began as she perched her ass on the edge of my desk, "Based on the look on your face, I assume you just had lunch with your little girlfriend." 

I didn't even try to hide my boredom, "Mmmhhmm," I replied. 

"You know, I could do things to you and for you that I guarantee she can't. I know all kinds of tricks and techniques that would take you to heights you never even knew existed. All you have to do is say the word," she propositioned as she leaned forward to provide me with a view of her ample chest. I turned towards my computer. 

"Thanks, but I'm busy. And happily taken," I dismissed her. She scoffed while turning to leave. 

"You say that now, but we'll see," she said as she walked away. She got on my damn nerves, and I wasn't sure how much more I could tolerate. While she had never been physical, her constant attempts to interfere with my personal life were starting to wear on my patience. Thankfully, I had appointments lined up for the remainder of the day, granting me a break from Cherri's foolishness. 

I was exhausted when all was said and done, but the mere thought of having my way with Liv gave me my second wind. She wasn't home when I arrived, so I sent her a text to check on her. She said she was about twenty minutes away, so I decided to make her evening as relaxing as possible. I dimmed the lights and lit a path of candles from the front door to guide her. I placed a few candles around the bedroom, mixed a few oils, lit some incense, and turned on a playlist to set the mood. Just as I finished, I heard the front door open and close. I waited for her to find her way to me. I could see that she was tired, but the ambiance seemed to brighten her mood. 

"So, I guess it's safe to say that you weren't kidding earlier?" she asked as I wrapped my arms around her waist. 

I kissed her softly while replying, "Actually, I wanted to give you an opportunity to relax with a full body massage since you've had a long day... But, if it happens to lead to something more, I won't stop it," I finished as I grinned at her. 

"You're insatiable, you know that?" she shook her head. 

"You love it, though," I replied. "Now, get naked," I instructed. I released her, but she turned to walk away, "Where are you going?" I asked her. 

"To undress in the bathroom. If I do it here, I'll never get a massage," she called over her shoulder as she turned the corner. I couldn't be mad; she had a point. She returned a few minutes later wrapped in a towel. 

She laid down on the bed, making herself comfortable. I rolled the towel down to her hips and reached for the bowl of oil that had been warming on the nightstand. I poured a generous amount in my hand, allowing the excess to spill over onto her back. I started with her shoulders, slowly kneading away the tension. I gently moved down her back, applying slight pressure to each vertebra. My hands roamed towards her sides, fingertips lightly grazing the sides of her breasts. I felt her shiver under my touch, and my arousal deepened. I changed position to focus on her feet, attending to her arches. My hands slid past her ankle, stopping to concentrate on her left calf muscle. 

"Mmmmm," she moaned softly, "That feels incredible." 

I pressed my thumbs upward, enjoying her pliable thighs, gingerly caressing her nether lips under the towel. After a few minutes, I repeated the same process on her right leg, taking note of the juices that began to leak from her center as she subconsciously spread her legs. I climbed on the bed, straddling her thighs, and removed the towel to pay special attention to her perfect ass. I took a globe in each hand, pushing and squeezing to my heart's content. I released them, and was satisfied with the way they jiggled. I lightly drummed on them, and in response I heard her giggle. 

"Seems like someone is having a little too much fun back there," she remarked. 

"Hey, this is your fault. If your ass wasn't so tempting, we wouldn't be having this problem," I replied as I reached between her legs to make small circles around her clit. She gasped, arching her back to grant me further access. I reached under her torso to cup her right breast. Soon, she was rolling her hips, trying to increase the pressure. I dipped a finger into her pussy, marveling at how wet she was already. I brought it to her lips, offering her a taste. She slowly took my finger into her mouth, sucking it clean of her juices. I returned it to her pussy while gripping her hardened nipple. She whimpered as I leaned forward and kissed behind her ear. 

I took her earlobe between my teeth as I added a second finger, leisurely sliding in and out. I could feel her walls gripping me, trying to pull me further in. I dragged my tongue down her neck and nibbled on her shoulder. She started to push back, silently willing me to increase my speed. I ignored her efforts, continuing to take my time with her. She grunted in frustration as her hand shot down between her legs. 

"Kenny, please," she pleaded as she feverishly worked her clit, "I need you to fuck me, baby." Making her beg for it always excited me. I could feel my own juices begin to flow. 

I pressed my lips to her ear, "How bad do you need it?" 

"I'm so close, baby, please. I need to feel you deeper," she breathed. I added a third finger, pumping deeper and faster. "Mmmm," she moaned, biting her lip. 

"You don't stop rubbing until I tell you," I told her. She nodded in response, her eyes closed in ecstasy. I moved my right hand from her nipple down to her waist, bringing her up to her knees. I rotated my left hand, palm down, and curved my fingers, locating her g-spot. 

"Uggghhh!" she groaned as I made contact. 

I leaned into her once more, "You ready?" I asked. I didn't give her a chance to respond. I kissed behind her ear, sending her over the edge. 

"Uggghhhh! Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she screamed. I covered her hand that was working her clit with my own, maintaining contact. I withdrew my fingers, swiftly replacing them with my tongue. She immediately tensed into another orgasm. 

"Oh my God!" she screamed as her essence covered my face. I had to fight to maintain contact as she bucked uncontrollably. I let go of her hand, giving her permission to release her clit, and eased her hips back onto the bed. I kissed my way up her spine, as she struggled to regain control of her breathing. 

"You... are going to kill me... one of these days," she panted. I chuckled as I continued to place soft kisses on her shoulders. She shifted underneath me, turning over to meet me face to face. Her curls were all over her head, there was a light sheen of sweat covering her body, and her face was flushed a deep crimson. She was beyond sexy. I started to lower my lips to hers, when suddenly, I was lying on my back looking up at her. The look in her eyes made my pussy twitch. 

She gripped my tank top, practically ripping it off me. She threw it to the side and attacked my mouth, sucking my tongue into hers. Her hands fumbled with my belt buckle, until she was able to loosen it, then it too was on the floor. My pants quickly followed suit, and before I could process what was happening, Liv stripped me of my boxers. She was hardly ever aggressive when we made love, but when she was, it drove me crazy. Just as quickly as she sucking on my tongue, she was sucking on my clit. 

"Shit, Liv," I gasped as two of her fingers easily entered me. Over the months, she had become familiar with all of my hot spots. I hadn't even known that I was sensitive just to the right of my clit, but somehow, Liv figured it out. And she made sure I never forgot that she did. I hadn't realized that I was so aroused, and was shocked that I was so close to cumming. Her fingers went into overdrive, and she slid her tongue to the right. 

"Fuck!" I yelled as my hips jerked upwards into her face. She didn't let up, though. Instead, she began massaging my g-spot. My eyes slammed shut, and I bit my lip so hard I swear I tasted blood as my climax engulfed me. I had never cum so hard, and I was positive that if she didn't stop, I would pass out. I tried in vain to pull away from her, weakly scooting further up the bed as my body continued to convulse. Thankfully, she had mercy on me and backed off. My body continued to shake with post orgasmic tremors as I stared at the ceiling, dumbfounded. 

"What the hell was that?" I managed to breathe. I looked down to see her licking her fingers, one by one. 

She smiled at me deviously with a twinkle in her eye, "And now, we're even." It was at that moment that I realized that I had created a monster. 

OLIVIA 

Kenny thought that she was the only one who could deliver immense pleasure. I had to show her otherwise. I loved the taste of her, and would have stayed there between her legs all night, but I was exhausted. I crawled back up the bed, cuddling with her. I felt her kiss my forehead before I drifted off to sleep. 

The next morning, I was awakened by the bed shifting. I looked over to see Kenny picking her clothes up off the floor. I could see her taught leg muscles contracting each time she bent over. I hadn't even been awake for an entire minute, and my pussy was already slickening. Before I could say good morning, she picked up her pants, and I noticed something shiny fall to the floor. I looked down, realizing that it was an earring. And it wasn't mine. 
