 Hello! This is my first submission, as well as my first ever story. It was originally written with the intent of being a standalone story. However, the more I revised it, the more I contemplated a possible sequel. I have already thought of possible ideas, but I am open to other ideas and suggestions, if you all would like this story to continue.

Feedback is always welcome, positive or negative. I am well aware that I am not a writer, but I had an idea and decided to share it. Thanks, and I hope you enjoy it!

~ Redbone

***********************************

BEEP, BEEP, BEEP! I was jarred out of my sleep by my alarm clock. 'Ugh, 8:00 a.m. already.' I was covered in a light sheen of sweat, and I had a slight shortness of breath. I looked down, 'Are my hands in my panties? And why are my fingers slick?'

Suddenly, my dream came flooding back to me... My arms embraced by strong hands, leading to muscular, toned arms, ending at broad shoulders. Hanging just below those shoulders were thick, neatly maintained dreadlocks, leading up towards a strong jawline, pouty, luscious lips, and a thin, perfectly placed nose.

But, all of that was nothing compared to those eyes. Those warm, honey colored eyes that seem to stare directly into your soul, exposing all of you at once... I hadn't even noticed that my fingers had begun slowly circling my clit on their own accord, causing my breathing to deepen. 'What the fuck am I doing?!,' I scolded myself, swiftly pulling my hands out of my underwear.

Perhaps I should begin with some back story. My name is Olivia, and I own the Piece of Cake cake shop. I have always loved cake, preferring it over cookies, and decided at a young age that when I grew up, I would have cake whenever I wanted. Unfortunately, my love affair with cake has always kept me on the heavier side, cloaking my early years in insecurities.

After high school, I enrolled in a culinary program, with a focus on baking and pastries. During my studies, I decided it was time for a change. I joined a gym, and made it a point to go at least three times a week. My goal wasn't to become a stick thin model, far from it, I absolutely loved my curves. I just wanted to firm up some of those trouble areas, and take care of my pudgy tummy.

Once I earned my degree, I began working in local restaurants, putting aside money here and there, until I finally saved enough to purchase a small storefront. It was barely what you might call "a hole in the wall," but it was mine, and I couldn't have been more proud. It was difficult maintaining the shop all alone in the very beginning, but I was soon able to assemble a small team of five additional people: two pastry chefs, and three floor employees to assist customers, stock the displays, keep the dining area clean, and double as delivery drivers when needed.

Piece of Cake thrived for a good five years, until my world came crashing down, causing a chain of events that I wasn't prepared to face.

It began just like any other morning, I was up and at the bakery by 6:00 a.m. to get started on the daily favorites and the specials. By 6:30, the other chefs, Tanya and Steven, showed up to help me complete the baking. Shortly after, Dana, Austin and Tabitha arrived to finish setting up and getting the store ready for customers. As was the daily tradition, I gave my team a small pep talk before opening the shop to the public.

"Good morning everyone," I began, "Let's have another successful day. Keep in mind that it is Friday, and payday, so today's customer volume may be slightly higher. You all know how to keep things moving, so I have no doubt that today will go smoothly. Alright, let's have a productive day." The breakfast rush passed quickly, and by lunchtime, I was a little more tired than usual.

"Hey Liv, why don't you go to lunch, we can handle it while you're out," Steven encouraged me. "Are you sure? I can stick around a little while longer," I replied. Dana joined us in the kitchen, "Steve's right Liv, we'll be okay. Go get some fresh air," she told me. "Okay, call me on my cell if you need me," I called out as I walked out the door.

Piece of Cake is located on a small strip of shops close to the downtown area. Farther down the strip is my all-time favorite sushi restaurant. I entered, and ordered the shrimp tempura, an order of spicy tuna rolls, and a bowl of miso soup with a side of gyoza. Halfway through my meal, I heard the screeching of fire engine sirens.

I turned to look out of the window, and saw people beginning to gather on the street to watch the commotion. I wouldn't be honest if I said that I wasn't as curious as everyone else. Not being able to resist any further, I packed the rest of my lunch to go, and headed outside to see what was happening.

The moment I set foot out on the street and turned to my right, my stomach dropped to my toes. Piece of Cake was engulfed in flames. Before my mind could process what was happening, my feet were carrying me back to the shop. I had never run so fast in my life. As I approached the chaos, I saw Tanya standing off to the side with the others.

"What's going on?! Is everyone okay?!," I managed to ask while gasping for air. "Everyone's fine. We got out before it was too late," Tanya replied. Tanya was still speaking to me, but I couldn't hear a word she was saying. My mind was racing, and my stomach was in knots. Everything that I had worked for was burning to the ground. The next thing I knew; I was on my knees, sobbing. 'What am I going to do now? Everything is gone,' I thought.

I felt a hand on my shoulder, and turned to see Austin doing his best to console me. "It's okay Liv. I know it may not seem like it at the moment, but we're going to be fine," he assured me. I couldn't help the disbelief that radiated through my expression, "How do you know that? How can you be so sure?" I asked him. He just continued to rub my shoulder. Eventually, the fire was brought under control, and the bare bones of the complex were all that was left.

Tabitha managed to speak with a Fireman as they were preparing to leave. He informed her that it looked as though the damage was caused by a grease fire that originated in the fast food restaurant next door. 'Are you kidding me?!' I thought to myself, 'Not only is our livelihood gone, but it wasn't even our fault!' While I knew that staring at what was left of my cake shop wouldn't make it magically reappear, it was hard to tear myself away. "Come on Liv, I'll drive you home," Tanya offered.

The car ride begun in silence. "Tanya, what are we going do? You know what, never mind about me, what are you all going to do? Is anyone even hiring right now?" I rambled. "Relax Liv," she said, "We'll all land on our feet. It may take a little while, but we'll find employment. I know some people who will pay for my creations personally, so I should be fine. The others are resourceful. I'm sure they won't be out of work for too long. But I'm worried about you Liv.

"You put your whole life into Piece of Cake, and I want you to know that you are not alone in this. We are all here for you, but if you ever need anything, and I mean anything at all, don't hesitate to call me." I stared out of the window for the remainder of the car ride. Once we pulled up to my house, I went to open the door. Tanya stopped me, saying, "I mean it Liv, if there is anything you need, you better call me. Promise?" I managed a weak smile, "I promise, Tanya. Thanks. I'll talk to you later."

I got out of the car, and walked up the driveway. My house always had a way of soothing me. Even after today's events, I felt a little more at ease once I crossed the threshold. My living room consisted on a chocolate, suede living room set, accented with gold and burnt orange throw pillows. The curtains hanging from the windows were chocolate and gold as well, giving the space a warm, lived in feel. I sat down on my couch and fought back the tears that threatened to spill down my cheeks.

'You've cried enough today, Olivia. You have work to do now,' I reminded myself. The rest of the evening consisted of phone calls, tying up loose ends pertaining to the cake shop. I was satisfied knowing that I had an appointment with the Insurance Claims Adjuster the following day. A gentleman by the name of Kenny. I hoped he would make the process as painless as possible. My appetite was shot to hell, and I was exhausted beyond reason. So, I decided to call it an early night, praying that starting tomorrow, things would start to look up.

Kendra

Today was going to be a long day. I arrived at the office only to discover that there was a fire yesterday, which laid claim to an entire complex. One of the casualties happened to be the menswear store where I purchased all of my dress clothes. While I'm glad everyone is alive and well, I now had to go through the process of locating a new store. Unfortunately, I am one of those people that doesn't do too well with change. If it's not broken, don't fix it. Too late now, though.

To top it all off, my girlfriend and I had officially broken up last night. We had been dating on and off for four years, and I knew it was going nowhere. But it was one of those things that you know is bad for you, but you hold onto it anyway. Things finally came to a head though, and we decided it was the best choice for us both.

My name is Kendra, but I prefer that people call me Kenny. I'm an Insurance Claims Adjuster, and while it's not the most exciting, it pays the bills. My thought process was interrupted by a piece of paper sliding across my desk. "Good morning Kenny, here is your appointment list," it was Cherri, our Receptionist. "Good morning Cherri. Thanks," I said. "You're welcome," she smiled, "How's Racheal? Did you two do anything fun and exciting last night?" Cherri has a crush on me, and she doesn't care how blatant she is when showing her interest. Unfortunately for her, the feelings are not mutual.

I knew she was only fishing for information on my now previous relationship. I dreaded answering her honestly, because I knew in her mind, Racheal was the only thing standing in the way of mine and Cherri's happily ever after. Don't get me wrong, she's an attractive girl, but she is immature, and thrives on drama. Those are qualities that I don't have time for.

"We are no longer together," I hesitantly answered. She made a failed attempt at hiding her elation while pretending to care. "I'm so sorry Kenny. If there is anything you need, just let me know," she said while practically lying on my desk. I deliberately focused my attention elsewhere, "Thanks Cherri. I should get to work now," I thanked her as I turned to my computer to begin the day. Thankfully, she took the hint, and sauntered off towards the front.

By lunch, I had met with the owner of the fast food restaurant, and the owner of the menswear store. I still had yet to meet with the owners of the ice cream shop and the cake shop. I was grateful for the break, and hoped that the afternoon would pass by quickly. Before I could leave, Cherri was to my left, "Hey Kenny, any plans for lunch?" she asked. "Yes, actually, I have a personal errand to run," I responded. "Oh," her face fell slightly, "I was going to ask if you wanted to grab something from the Café down the street." "Maybe next time, but thanks anyway," I said to her as I made my way out to my car.

I didn't have anything to do, but I couldn't deal with Cherri's presence at the moment. I drove to a local park, and bought a burger and fries from one of the many food trucks that frequented the area. I found a secluded park bench, and ate my lunch in peace. While I ate, I had time to think about how different my life was now going to be. I have friends, but Racheal was the jealous type. Most of my time was either spent with just the two of us, or with Racheal and her people.

Now that it would be just me again, I had to start making plans to start doing things for myself again. 'Maybe next weekend I'll call my friends to hang out; this weekend belongs to me.' I finished my lunch, cleaned up and headed back to the office. The ice cream shop owner was waiting for me when I returned, and I finished with him quickly.

That left one more appointment, and then I could finally go home. I busied myself with work until the final appointment arrived. I became so engrossed; I didn't even realize there was someone standing in front of me.

"Excuse me, Kenny?" I heard a voice say. I looked up, and came face to face with the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She had caramel colored, sun-kissed skin, curly hair that fell down to her shoulders, full, kissable lips, a button nose, and deep brown eyes encased by long eyelashes. 'You're staring, quit staring!' I yelled at myself.

I stood abruptly and extended my hand, "Hi, yes, I'm Kenny. I apologize. I must have gotten caught up." Her petite, soft hand embraced mine, and she flashed me the most blinding smile. "Not a problem. Thank you for agreeing to meet with me on such short notice," she said. The sight of her smile caused my stomach to clench. 'You're staring again, stop staring. And let go of her hand! Damnit Kenny! What is going on with me?' I dropped her hand, maybe a little too quickly. If she noticed, she didn't show it.

"Please, have a seat," I offered her. "Thank you," she replied as she took the chair across from mine. "Thank you again, I can only imagine that you would want to be anywhere but here on such a beautiful Saturday. I'll try not to take up too much of your time," she apologized for the second time. Was she serious? I would choose to spend time with her over anything, on any day. She flashed another one of her dazzling smiles, and I instantly felt my nether regions tingle. 'Get your shit together Kenny, you have work to do,' I made myself focus.

"It's no trouble at all, Ms. ..." "Olivia, but you can call me Liv," she said. "Well, Liv, let's get started," I replied. It didn't take as long as I'd hoped, and I found myself anxious about her leaving. Suddenly, I felt as if I had to start asking her questions to keep her around. "I'm sorry about Piece of Cake," I began, "If the paperwork is correct, you're the founder?" "Yes," she sadly looked towards the desk, "It was my baby. I can purchase another store front, but it will never be Piece of Cake." She looked as if she were on the verge of tears.

'Smooth Kenny, real smooth' I thought to myself. Instinctively, I placed my hand on hers to comfort her. The pure electricity that shot through my hand was enough to make me lightheaded. "I hope everything works out for you. In the meantime, your check should arrive in the mail within the next week." I stood and extended my hand again, "Good luck, Liv." "Thank you again, Kenny," she thanked me one final time, and shook my hand before turning and exiting my office.

'Good God,' I thought as I sunk back into my chair, 'I need to get out of here before I spontaneously combust.' I quickly gathered my things, and left, rushing to get home. It felt like it was going to be a long night.

Olivia

The meeting with the Claims Adjuster wasn't as painful as I thought it would be. Kenny seemed nice enough, and extremely helpful, but there was something odd about him that I just couldn't put my finger on. I couldn't deny that he was handsome; a flawless, chocolate complexion, a strong jawline, perfectly white teeth. And he seemed pretty toned under his suit.

But what my mind kept drifting back to where his eyes. They were the most beautiful honey brown color. At times during our meeting, they seemed to change color, ranging from hazel to a rich, dark brown. The only thing that seemed out of place was his voice. Kenny's voice was pleasant, but there seemed to be a feminine undertone.

Maybe I'm just being overly dramatic, I did just lose my cake shop. Either way, I would receive the money from the accident hopefully within the week. That meant that I needed to begin searching for a new location. 'This was going to be a long week,' I sighed.

I couldn't have been happier to see the following Friday. All week long, I had visited potential sites for my new shop, but nothing could compare to Piece of Cake. I knew that I would eventually have to get over the fact that my original shop was gone, but I wanted to wallow is my sorrows a little while longer. I kind of felt entitled to do so.

I had just gotten home from viewing another disappointment, when my phone rang. I checked the caller ID, and saw that it was Tanya. "Hey Tanya, how are you?" I answered the phone. "Hey Liv! I'm doing okay. I just wanted to check up on you," she replied. "Eh, everything is as good as it can be. I've been looking at possible new locations all week. So far, nothing has grabbed me. The good news is that the insurance check should be here soon. Maybe that will motivate me to pick a place," I told her.

"I know this is hard for you, Liv, and I meant it when I said I would be here if you need me. In fact, I'm having a little get together tomorrow here, at my house. I want you to stop by. Hopefully, this will help lift your spirits and take you mind off of all of the stress of everything. If only for a few hours," she said. I hesitated, "I don't know Tanya, I'm not really in a festive mood. The last thing I want is to bring your party down." "I'm not taking no for an answer," she said, "You are coming tomorrow, and that's final."

I couldn't help but chuckle, "Somehow, I think you've forgotten who the boss is in this friendship. Alright, I'll be there. Should I bring anything?" She thought for a moment, "I know that baking helps ease your mind. You don't have to, but if you would like, you could bring a cake." "That sounds great. What time should I be there?" She told me the party would start around 5:00 p.m., but people wouldn't really be there until about 6:00. I decided to turn in early. I was still slightly down, but the prospect of a good time had me optimistic.

I woke up late the next morning. It was time to get baking. I searched through my recipe book, and located one of my favorites: a pineapple upside down cake. It was simple, but was always a favorite. I got to work, and was ready to bake in no time. While the cake was in the oven, I went to my bedroom to pick out my outfit.

'Hmmm, she said it was a get together, so I'm assuming nothing too fancy. Jeans may be a little too casual, though. And a sundress is casual, but still too dressy. I'll just wear this.' I decided on a black and white chevron printed maxi dress, with spaghetti straps. I grabbed a denim jacket, in case the temperature decided to drop. I completed the look with simple black sandals. Casual, but still cute.

When the cake was finished, I set it aside to cool. I went to take a shower and get dressed. I swept my hair up into a high, curly ponytail, and added a little make up for a natural glow. Perfect. I wouldn't be me if I didn't take the extra step, so I boxed the cake in my signature Piece of Cake box that displayed a picture of a slice of frosted strawberry cake on the lid. I wrapped the box in string and checked the time, 5:30 p.m. It would take me approximately 30 minutes to get to Tanya's.

This worked out perfectly because I didn't want to be there too early, but I didn't want to draw too much attention by arriving too late either. I got in my car, and headed towards Tanya's house. When I pulled up, I noticed there were quite a few cars parked outside. Glad to see I wasn't too early. I found a spot about halfway up the block, parked my car, and headed towards her door. I rang the doorbell, and waited for about half a minute.

Tanya opened the door, and smiled at me, "Hey Liv! I'm so glad you made it." "As if I had a choice," I laughed as we hugged. "Come on in. Food and drinks are in the kitchen. There are also snacks out on the patio. I'll put this with the desserts," she said, taking the cake from my hands. "Let me guess... Pineapple upside down cake?" she asked. I rolled my eyes at her, "You know me so well," I answered. She smiled, "Simple, but always a favorite. Make yourself at home." With that, she was off to the kitchen.
