 Assignment

------------

"Can we break for 10 minutes? I need to discuss a couple of things with Tom. Is that alright with you Jackie?"

"I suppose so Kylie. You've got plenty of time."

"Great. Michelle? - Sorry, Mish. Ok with you?"

"Whatever."

"Lovely. Turn everything off Tom and then, can I have a word out in the corridor?"

"Sure. Just a second."

Kylie tried not to show her frustration as she gathered up her bag and headed for the door with Tom a few paces behind, but this was important and things were not running smoothly at all.

They were shooting a segment at a women's open prison just South of London. It was due to air on both the 6 and 9 o'clock bulletins the next day and Kylie knew it was something that a more experienced reporter would normally cover. It was exactly 5 weeks since the interview, she'd only been working in London for a month and she felt the influence of her 'mentors' in being assigned to the story.

The report was centred on a face to face interview with Michelle/Mish. That was the plan anyway. At that moment, after 40 minutes, all she and Tom had succeeded in recording were a few grunted answers and lots of swearing from the young woman.

According to researchers Mish was the ideal candidate for the piece -- loving parents, excellent education and a well paid job in the city where she'd been caught insider trading. A classic 'good girl gone bad' story. Clearly, they hadn't actually spoken to her - 6 months in prison had left the young woman with a severe attitude problem. There also seemed to be tension between Mish and Jackie, the prison officer assigned to oversee the shoot, which definitely wasn't helping matters.

Kylie took a deep breath of musty corridor air and closed her eyes to think.

It had been a crazy 5 weeks. Her notice period in Nottingham should have been a month, but according to her boss, 'high level intervention' had cut that to a week. That had triggered a panic about somewhere to live in the capital which lasted all of 45 minutes - at which point a London estate agent called, saying that he'd been asked by 'friends in the media' to arrange some viewings at her convenience. Poor Robert barely had time to register that Kylie was going, before she was gone.

She'd not seen much of the three newsreaders over her first few weeks in the capital - just a quick hello in the newsroom or a smile as she passed one of them in the corridor, but she'd met Sian for coffee a few days previously. They'd talked about how Kylie was settling in, spent a lot of time re-living the interview in all its wonderfully filthy detail and there was talk of a 'Welcome to London' party in her honour At some point during the conversation, Sian had said something that now came floating back into her head - "It's amazing the things women will do if you just ask nicely and show them that you're willing to do the same."

Although Kylie's life was moving so fast that she barely had time to blink, let alone think, she'd spent a lot of time contemplating the interview. It hadn't been a first-time lesbian experience, just the first time she couldn't hold alcohol responsible and the first time with women not woman. There'd been 4 or 5 occasions over the years where she'd woken up staring bleary-eyed at the nape of a female neck -- a random club-conquest from the night before. It was always the same -- she wouldn't remember much, but the memories that did surface were pleasurable. Then she'd file the 'wild moment' away in the section of her brain labelled 'Enjoyable -- unlikely to happen again' and go back to the reality of whichever man was trying to keep her entertained at the time.

This time it was different. Nothing had been filed away -- the interview was playing on a near-permanent loop in her head. She'd fucked Robert goodbye and enjoyed it, as always, but she was eager to have sex with the 3 newsreaders again, or one of them, or Megan, or all four of them. In fact, she realised, any woman she found attractive would do and really 'eager' was 'desperate'. This time, she wanted more.

"Strange - I'd have thought a women's prison would smell better. What's up Kylie?"

Kylie's eyes snapped open. She smiled weakly at Tom's quip and question.

"Is this going as badly as I think, or is it actually, by some miracle, ok?"

"No, it's pretty bad. I don't think we've got anything useable yet."

"Fuck!"

Kylie turned and leant her head against the nearby wall for a full minute, foot tapping against the floor. When she turned back to Tom the smile on her face was almost its normal cheeky self again. This seemed as good a time as any to put Sian's words to the test.

"Ok. I want you to make yourself scarce for a while. There was a staff refectory they said we could use -- go and get a coffee, read the paper - whatever. I'm going to have a chat with Mish and see if I can convince her to play ball. I'll give you a call when I need you back. Ok?"

"Sure -- I guess. I think she's a lost cause though."

"We'll see."

Tom ambled off towards the refectory, Kylie in the opposite direction heading towards the toilets at the end of the corridor. 

10 minutes later she opened the break room door in time to see Jackie quickly retreat from a crouched position in front of Mish's chair and resume a more formal 'on-guard' stance to one side of her. They'd obviously been deep in conversation - neither seemed unduly upset, just slightly frustrated.

Kylie didn't know any female prison officers, but she had a mental image of what they typically looked like and Jackie wasn't it. She was probably 40ish, about Kylie's height, dark bobbed hair, very pretty, high cheek bones, a bit Diane Keatonish. Oh, and a fantastic arse -- she and Tom had followed it down the corridor and even in shapeless, standard issue polyester work trousers it moved provocatively.

Jackie was attractive, Mish was absolutely stunning. She reminded Kylie of an actress as well -- what was her name - the woman who played the perfect new best friend and pissed Kirsten Wiig off in Bridesmaids. Rose...something or other. Mish had an aquiline nose, long brunette hair piled on top of her head in the current fashion and the body of an Olympic swimmer. Even in sweats and a t-shirt that had seen better days, she looked great.

Kylie sat back down with Mish eyeing her suspiciously from the chair opposite. "I've sent Tom off to get a coffee. I thought perhaps we could forget the interview for a while and just chat." She heard a whispered "fucking hell" from the other chair. "Is that ok Jackie?"

"We're booked to you until 1 and I certainly don't mind avoiding whatever jobs are waiting for me elsewhere. Go ahead."

Kylie realised that a round-about route to her destination was pointless -- it would just prompt more attitude and swearing from Mish. So she brought the chat straight to the point - "I'm curious about a topic that came up in the research for this piece Mish -- something a former inmate said about boredom and relieving it by watching films of other inmates masturbating. Is that something you've come across?"

"Masssturrrbating?" Mish adopted a mocking posh voice, probably not unlike her actual pre-prison accent, Kylie thought.

"What would you prefer then -- Playing? Diddling? Wanking?"

"Wanking will do." There was just a hint of interest in Mish's voice as she delivered her longest sentence of the day so far.

"Ok. So, inmates filming themselves wanking, and then sharing the movies. Discuss. Does it happen?"

Jackie had been fidgeting in the background since masturbation had first been mentioned -- "I'm sorry Kylie, but I really don't think this is an appropriate topic of conversation."

"Jackie, nobody's listening, the camera's turned off and we're all grown-ups. I promise you it's not a 'stealth' story. I'm just curious about something I've heard, that's all."

Mish was more attentive now and didn't give Jackie a chance to press her case -- "Sure, it happens. Loads of people do it - even more watch them."

"With what though? Inmates aren't allowed 'phones."

"Not 'phones -- little video cameras. And no, you're not allowed those either, but since a lot of the staff like to watch the films, they turn a blind eye when people sneak them in." She shot a brief glance and grin in Jackie's direction.

Kylie pre-empted the officer, who was still fidgeting. "Jackie, it looks like you're going to try and stop the conversation again. There's no need -- I'm not surprised the staff are involved and I'm not in the least bit bothered. If I worked here I think I'd take every bit of light relief I could get my hands on as well. Just relax, ok. So, this is all just for entertainment then Mish -- somebody gets hold of a camera, films themselves and shares it around?"

"Some do that - a lot are so bad that's all they can do with them. 5 minutes watching a woman with her hand down her jeans when you don't get to see anything else is just boring. If you're good at them though, if you let people see what you're doing and really get into it, then you can use them to get all kinds of stuff that you're not supposed to have -- booze, drugs, sex toys." Mish laid extra emphasis on the last 2 words.

"Are you good at them? Do you watch them?"

"I've got my fans." Mish's head twitched slightly in Jackie's direction again. "And yeah, I watch them -- some of the better ones are a real turn-on."

Kylie reached into her bag. "Jackie, I'm going to show you and Mish something - is it ok if I give her my 'phone?" The woman nodded after a moment's hesitation, conscious that she'd lost control of the situation and wondering how to get it back. "What would this be worth do you think?" She pressed play and passed the 'phone to Mish.

A woman's lower body, legs spread, naked except for a pair of bright orange knickers which were being held out of the way by one hand while 3 fingers of the other fucked her pussy. The image was crystal clear -- the shiny, wet fingers slid all the way out to reveal carefully manicured nails and then plunged back in until they were completely buried inside. The muscles on the back of the woman's hand twitched and flexed as she circled them deep inside her hole, the noise of squelching digits drowning out the rasping breaths coming from her unseen mouth. The fingers slid out again, spread apart now, opening everything up for the camera.

30 seconds in, Jackie finally remembered that she ought to object and did her best to sound angry. "Kylie, what on earth do you think you're doing showing this?" She took a step forward as if she was about to take some action, but didn't.

"I'm looking for an expert opinion. So?"

Mish seemed to be enjoying Jackie's discomfort as much as she was the film and happily played critic. "Well, she's very wet, which is a good start. You don't often see 3 fingers being used, so it scores high on originality and the spread pussy is very sexy. The artistic expression score is going to be off the charts. Don't you think Jackie?" No response. "Does she fuck herself with anything else?"

"No, that's pretty much all there is." As Kylie said it, the film finished.

"Shame, I was enjoying it. Where did you download it from?"

"Oh, it's not downloaded. It's me about 10 minutes ago in the toilets."

"...Yeah, right -- of course it is."

"Play it again...now, look at the jewellery." On the ring finger of the left hand was a simple band with a small blue stone. Mish looked up to see Kylie waving a very similar ring in front of her. "Now, look at the underwear." Kylie had already said thank you to the filthy fashion gods for her choice of dress that morning. It was grey, figure-hugging but business-like and un-zipped at the front from either top or bottom. In one seamless motion, she pulled the zip upwards, opening her legs as the jersey-knit material released them, only stopping when the bright orange knickers were fully revealed.

Mish was open-mouthed, Jackie wide-eyed and about to say something - both were staring at the reporter's exposed lower body. Kylie held up a finger to try and forestall the tirade that was about to come from the prison officer. It worked.

"Ok - I have a proposal for both of you. We've established that you like to watch women wanking Mish and from all the little remarks and glances, I'm guessing that Jackie's a fan as well. So, I'm offering to finish what I started in the toilets and you get to see the whole thing -- in 3D, with surround sound. In return, I get an interview from you -- a proper interview with full sensible answers and no swearing. Jackie, all you have to do is go along with it and use whichever key it is on that massive bunch hanging from your belt to lock the door. So, what do you think? Do we have a deal?"

Mish and Jackie looked at each other for a good 20 seconds. There were questioning raised eye-brows from the younger woman, a slow shake of the head from the other. Kylie wondered whether she was about to be frog-marched in front of the governor, but the head-shake from Jackie turned out to be one of disbelief at what she was about to do. She crossed to the other side of the room, nervously fumbled with the bunch of keys, finally found the right one, locked the door and returned to stand by the side of Mish's chair.

Mish stated her terms. "Deal - no 'lezzie' stuff though. I just want to watch." 

Kylie had taken the door locking as a signal to begin, settling back in the low easy chair, planting her legs on either side of the seat and rubbing at her clit through the delicate orange mesh. "Of course Mish - no 'lezzie' stuff, I promise."

An awkward silence suddenly descended on the room as it dawned on Jackie and Mish that they were going to watch this together live, rather than alone on a little screen. They didn't know where to look. Kylie sensed the problem and knew that she would have to get the two women completely focussed on her, not each other and the strangeness of what they'd just agreed to.

"Extra bonus content..." Kylie quipped, as she unzipped the dress completely and shrugged it off her shoulders. The bra was the same vibrant orange, decorated with a floral motif. She secured both nipples through the material between thumbs and fingers, pulling on them with little rhythmic tugs, rubbing them through the mesh. They were erect in seconds and she moved her fingers away briefly to let the audience see them jutting out. Yes, she had their attention now.

Kylie squeezed her breasts, pinning each nipple under a finger, pressing them down against her body then releasing and letting them spring back up. She shrugged out of the straps and pulled the cups of the bra down to repeat the press and release several times, then brushed lightly at the tips with her fingers. As always, her nipples were incredibly sensitive, but the intensity of sensation took Kylie by surprise and she involuntarily jerked forward in the seat occasionally, low gasps coming from her mouth as she brushed.

Nipples suitably aroused, Kylie Settled back in the chair, hands stroking down her stomach and into the waistband of her knickers. "On or off...?"

"...Hmmm?" Mish's attention was still focussed on Kylie's massive nipples.

"Do you want me to take my knickers off, or leave them on?"

"Oh, I don't..."

"Take them off - shoes as well please." Jackie tried to sound matter of fact, but couldn't disguise the lust in her voice.

Kylie was surprised by Jackie's interjection. She hadn't paid much attention to her audience for a couple of minutes, but now she noticed that whilst Mish was still sitting passively, just watching, Jackie's hands had disappeared into the pockets of her trousers, the material moving slightly as she surreptitiously played with herself.

Kylie drew her legs together, kicking shoes and sliding knickers off in as graceful a fashion as she could manage and then lifted her feet, placing them in either corner of the chair cushion. She let her knees part slowly, taking her time revealing what she knew was a pussy still wet from the fucking it had been given earlier.

With legs spread as far as comfort would allow, Kylie coiled both hands underneath her thighs, and began to slide two fingers of each a little way in and out of her pussy. Mish and Jackie were treated to the sight of the 4 fingers sliding in and Kylie's wet hole opening up each time they were removed. Several minutes passed -- Kylie's fingers slipped in deeper and deeper as she got wetter, the room quiet apart from the moaning breaths that were coming out of her mouth. The audience were completely over their self-consciousness. Mish had slipped a hand inside her sweats and Jackie's hand movements were anything but surreptitious.

Kylie slipped the fingers in deeper still and spoke between slightly ragged breaths. "How do you feel...about 'lezzie' stuff, Jackie?"

"That's...It's a bit of an..." Jackie realised the ludicrousness of saying 'intimate question' given what Kylie was up to on the seat in front of her. She contented herself with "Why do you ask?"

"Because I'd really like my nipples sucked...and I'm wondering if you'd oblige."

The officer hesitated for a second, wondering whether to play hard to get, but the truth was that she'd have paid a week's wages to suck on them. "Sure, I can do that." Jackie hoped the tone of voice implied that she was doing Kylie a favour, rather than sounding like a desperate lesbian who hadn't played with anybody's nipples except her own for a couple of years. She was already moving towards Kylie, hands reluctantly removed from pockets.

"You'd better do me from behind -- we wouldn't want to spoil Mish's view."

Jackie unhooked the bra, pulled it off and leant over the back of the chair to capture a nipple between her lips, holding it in place and licking the tip lightly with her fast-moving tongue, mimicking Kylie's earlier brushing movements and feeling the young woman shudder and her breathing quicken.

Kylie was surprised and delighted by Jackie's hunger and expertise. She watched as the older woman sucked the whole thing into her mouth and pulled her tit up by the nipple, holding it and then letting it slide out from between her teeth. After several repeats, Jackie changed tack, pinning the nipple under her top lip and letting it gradually escape until it sprang out wet and stiff, only to be engulfed again by her mouth.

Kylie changed hand positions to give Mish a real-life repeat of the 'phone film, 3 fingers back inside, occasionally sliding out to cover her clit in sticky juices, which she then rubbed around and over the sensitive bump with fingers of her other hand, making herself flinch with pleasure whenever she pressed harder. She could see Mish's arm moving as the hand in her sweats stroked and rubbed. The young woman seemed to be enjoying herself, but she also appeared to be holding back for some reason.

"Jackie - what about the other one?" The older woman had been 'lost in the moment' for a couple of minutes now, Kylie's nipple in her mouth, the palm of her own hand pressed against polyester trousers, lace underwear and clit. Now, she watched as the reporter removed her 3 soaked fingers again, but this time smeared her juices all over the un-sucked nipple, leaving it wet and shiny.

Jackie moved swiftly over to the juicy peak, licking it clean in seconds, allowing herself a little moan as she tasted pussy. She could see Kylie's other hand now working in and out vigorously, hear how wet she was and seconds later the fingers were covering the nipple she'd just abandoned. Jackie swapped again and so it went on -- backwards and forwards she went as Kylie's fingers went back to work in her hole again and again. Finally, they emerged once more, but this time headed straight for the older woman, circling her mouth, coating it, Jackie licking her lips behind it. Then Kylie's other hand was there as well, fingers being fed into the woman's mouth to be sucked. She was breathless by the time Kylie removed them.
