 "Cheyenne, get out two beers, I'm on my way over. I've got something that you have to see. I found something underneath Darren's bed, and I'm pissed!" Kirsten yelled into the phone before slamming it down. With a huff, she pushed herself up off the dorm room floor and looked around for something to hide the stash in. Grabbing a plastic bag she quickly shoved the stuff in and made a bee-line for the door.

Running across campus she was nearly in tears. If there was anyone that could make sense of this, it was Cheyenne. Dodging the Friday night traffic on the sidewalks she finally made it to the Bluebird, the all-girls dorm on campus. Both she and Cheyenne had private rooms here, but she was headed right for her friend's room.

Busting in the door, she was out of breath and beet red in the face. 

"Kirsten, what the hell is going on? Is everything okay?"

Kirsten shook her head slowly. "No, no it's not. Listen, I went over to Darren's room to have a little look around. Now, I know what you're thinking. But the other day I was over there and I thought I saw something under the bed. I didn't want to just ask him about it. Besides, he's the one that left his door unlocked."

"Wait a minute, I want to make sure I have this straight. Darren unknowingly goes out with his best buddies, one of which happens to be my boyfriend. So you use that to your advantage and ransacked his room, looking through his private belongings?"

"Yeah….you wanna to go over to Justin's place and see if his door's unlocked? Who knows what he has under his bed."

Cheyenne laughed, "No thanks. I prefer to have some mystery in my relationship. I don't want to know what he has under his bed. Unless it's another woman, than that's another story."

"Exactly, she said, "That's why I went over there and found….this!" Reaching into the bag, she pulled out a pile of magazines. "Another woman; several actually….just look at all these magazines! What the hell does he need these for when he has me?" As she held the magazines in the air to show her friend, a DVD fell out and rolled under the bed.

"Holy shit!" Cheyenne giggled. "I bet its porn!" She reached for the beers and popped open the tops. "Here, have one. It'll make you a little calmer. Kirsten, this isn't really a big deal. So he likes to look at magazines….it isn't like he's out there looking for someone else. He's dating you, not the girls in there."

Kirsten crawled underneath the bed and retracted the DVD. Looking at it, there was no name on it. For all she knew, it was music or one of his monster flicks that he loved so much. "But look at those close, Chey….they're all girl on girl porn! I mean…. what the hell? Do you think he doesn't like having sex with me? Do you think that he looks at those when I leave?"

Cheyenne could see the fear on her friends' face. She plopped down on her bed and motioned for her friend to join her. Handing over the cold brew she picked up a magazine and flipped through it.

"Well, what do you think?"

"Kirsten, do you remember that time that you and I bought one of those fireman calendars? Remember how much we loved changing the months to see what was in store next?"

"Do I ever!" Kirsten giggled. "I still have mine. I don't care if its two years old, I can't part with it!" Her eyes twinkled as she remembered back.

"It's kinda like that for Darren. It isn't like you have to look at the calendar to get off, right? But sometimes it's nice to go back and take a peek, you know?"

She nodded her head in understanding. "I guess. It just sort of took me by surprised. It was hidden under the bed and I didn't know he was into that kind of thing."

"So don't worry about it! The boys aren't going to be back for a long time, we can hang out and then sneak back to Darren's room and put the stuff back. He'll never have to know." 

"This was so stupid, Cheyenne. I can't believe I did this! I'd just die if he ever found out!" Kirsten plopped down on the bed, picking up a magazine and flipping through it as well. "Did you know these things have comics in them? Read this, it's hilarious!" 

The two girls began flipping through the magazines, judging breast sizes, laughing at things they'd never seen before, and drinking more beer than they had planned.

"You know what? Let's put in that DVD and see what it is. I'm curious to see if it's a movie or not." Kirsten looked at her friend. "What do you think?"

Cheyenne smiled back. "Okay, but turn on some music. I don't want anyone to hear it if it's porn and it gets loud!" Jumping from her seat, she grabbed two more beers and grabbed the remote. 

The both lay on their stomachs, getting as close to the television as possible so they could hear without it being too loud.

"Are you ready, Kirsten?" they both giggled, knowing that they were being bad girls. There was no going back now….they were about to see if Darren looked at porn in his dorm room when he was alone!

The movie started and seemed innocent enough until it went from a movie plot line to hot women all over each other. The friends watched in awe since neither one had ever looked at something like this before. No one said a thing, both entranced on what they were seeing.

As much as Kirsten didn't want to admit it, she was a little turned on. Watching the screen, she wondered if this was something that her boyfriend would love to watch her do. She had no interest in women, she was 'strictly dickly'….maybe it was the beer or just seeing two naked bodies in motion like that. Kirsten tried not to push her pelvis against the bed, but it was hard not to.

Cheyenne looked at the screen, amazed that anyone could go against society and make love to the same sex. It wasn't for her, but she couldn't help but to be curious and turned on. Watching, she almost wished she could do something like that for Justin, bring a little excitement to their relationship. She could only claim "I tried it in college once" for one more year. After that, she couldn't blame something on her naïve adolescence. 

"What do you think Justin would say if he found out we were watching something like this?" she elbowed Cheyenne. "I know that Darren will be pissed that I went through his stuff, but…."

"I think Justin would be so proud!" Cheyenne giggled and flipped over on her back. "I'm sure the whole Lacrosse team would hear about it in the locker room!" 

"You know, maybe I should just fess up that I went into his room and I watched his porn. Then maybe I could offer to watch it with him, unless it gets too weird!" 

"Can I tell you a secret?" Cheyenne looked around the room as if someone had their ears glued to the walls. "I kinda wish I could do something like that for Justin. You know, like a three-some or something like that? But it would have to be with someone totally cool, that wouldn't decide she wanted to hook up with Justin behind my back. I've heard some real horror stories like that."

"Yeah, me too….but I don't know if I could kiss another girl, let alone do something like that." Kirsten pointed at the screen and laughed as another scenario came on. "This has to be the longest porn ever!"

Cheyenne laughed, "Must've been a special they had on porn movies….buy one get one that has 24 hours of amateur porn for your viewing pleasure!" the two ended up in giggles. 

"God, I keep thinking of Darren's face if he saw me now, being okay with this! It's like I totally want to shock him now!" she grew quiet. "Is that weird to wonder what it's like to kiss another girl? I don't find women attractive like that, but it was kinda hot watching someone else do it!" Kirsten threw a pillow over her face to hide her embarrassment. 

Cheyenne ripped the pillow off her friends face. "You don't have to be embarrassed! You're my best friend, you can tell me anything! I'm not going to make fun of you!"

"Then let's do it. Let's see if we can kiss….then let's surprise the boys when they get back….then maybe Darren will forget I was snooping in his stuff!"

"What…. like you and me? Here?" Cheyenne's heart was pounding at the thought. Never in a million years had she considered doing something like that. 

"Yeah….don't you think the guys will think it's totally hot?" 

Cheyenne sat straight up on the bed, the alcohol going to her head. She looked over to her bed stand, counting the beers that they'd had. They were drunk, and she was suddenly turned on.

"Okay, let's try it. If it's weird we'll just pretend that it never happened. Promise we'll still be friends and it won't be all weird?" Cheyenne looked at her expectantly.  "Stop worrying and let's do this. Maybe we can try it and then go over to Darren's place and wait for them there. Then we can surprise him!"

The two giggled and sat facing each other. Looking at each other, neither one knew what to do or who was supposed to initiate it first. They erupted in a fit of giggles.

"Enough, enough….we have to get serious here! Somebody has to make the first move." Kirsten said.

The giggles ended and a new song came on the radio. The Cure played in the background, and Kirsten leaned forward. 

Meeting in the middle, their lips touched. Cheyenne tasted of a sweet peach lip gloss and a hint of beer. Her lips were soft; softer than Kirsten would have imagined. At first the kiss was purely lips until Cheyenne slowly nudged her tongue into her friend's mouth. Kirsten stiffened at first, but as the kiss deepened she almost forgot who she was with. 

The video played in the background, music swirling around them. When the kiss broke, they looked at each other with slightly drunken, yet lust-filled eyes. They turned to the television for a glimpse then smiled at each other. 

Kirsten reached over and fingered the lace strap of Cheyenne's tank top. Running fingers down her arm, she slowly pulled the tank top off the girl, watching as her shiny black hair fell onto her back. Kirsten allowed her hands to graze across the girls' neck, to her chest, and across her bare breasts. They were beautiful, perfectly round with red rose buds at the tips. She ran her palm across the nipples, watching how Cheyenne would react. She knew she was treading in unknown territory; terrified to do this, yet too turned on to stop. It was an amazing thrill….doing something that society tells you is wrong.

Cheyenne's eyes fluttered as she exhaled loudly, the corners of her mouth turning into a lust-driven smile. She reached forward and pulled off Kirsten's shirt, uncovering a simple pink lacy bra. Unsnapping the hindrance, she watched as beautiful round breasts bounced into view. It was mesmerizing, looking at another woman's body in this way. She leaned her head forward and took a hard nipple into her mouth. She looked her friend in the eyes as she licked it like an ice cream cone. Then she took the other one in her mouth and sucked at it gently. Cheyenne felt hands in her hair, massaging her scalp. She backed away and sat face to face with Kirsten, exchanging strokes and glances.

Taking a chance, Cheyenne ran a finger down a toned stomach and grasped a shiny metal button. The jeans let out a loud noise as they were unzipped and slid off of Kirsten's shapely hips. 

For every passing second, Kirsten fought to take things slow, when really all she wanted to do was be naked next to this woman, feeling flesh rub against flesh. She wanted to experience bare breasts together, nipples touching and tickling against one another.

Kirsten rolled on her side so that she was able to speed the process of shedding clothes. Cheyenne then gave up and ripped off what clothing she had on…. feeling a yearning for release.

The friends exchanged glances as if to say this was the last chance to change their minds….pulling out all stops, the two fell into each other's arms and started at the beginning. Kissing and caressing….that much they had done before. 

Kirsten ran her tongue in the soft mouth as she flattened her palm against the tanned stomach. Moving it ever so slowly, she sought out a warm place.

Cheyenne jumped when she first felt a finger slither into her pussy. She could feel the wetness coming from her as the finger slowly rotated inside her. A thumb found her clit and rubbed in a small circle. She was disappointed when the finger disappeared, but moaned softly as she felt Kirsten run her wet finger up and down; circling her clit and running it down to dip into her throbbing juices. Each time a finger plunged in; she tightened her muscles trying to keep it in place. Cheyenne's breath caught in her throat as one finger turned to a glorious two. 

Kirsten used her other hand to find a nipple and rubbed it between her fingers. Replacing her fingers with her mouth she sucked on a tit and masturbated Cheyenne with her hand. She could feel her wriggling her hips, wanting the finger to fuck her, to rub moistness all over her pussy and make her cum.

Kirsten was shocked when Cheyenne quickly jumped up and stared down at her friend. She knew it….this was going to be weird now.

"I don't get to have all the fun….if I had waited any longer I would have been spent. And I'm not ready for that yet." Cheyenne straddled her friend pulled her blonde curly hair back, exposing her long neck. Kissing it, she made her way down the body beneath her hands. She stopped briefly at Kirsten's perky breasts and then made her way down the exposed skin. She widened the silky legs, leaving a tail of kisses. Kirsten had taken to closing her eyes and keeping trying to keep her breath even.

Okay, it was one thing to have Justin do this to her, but it was an entirely different experience to try to go down on another woman. Cheyenne decided that the best way to do this was to start softly, and do what she would want done to herself.

She spread the lips and bent to dive in. Taking the stiffening clit in her mouth, she sucked gently while running her tongue in circles, touching all sides. She then took her tongue and ran it up and down the slit, delighting in the taste. Moaning filled her ears, and hips arched against her face. She pushed harder and harder, running her tongue faster and faster. Getting up the courage, she pushed her tongue inside of the wet, inviting hole and began tongue fucking Cheyenne. 

Cheyenne was twisting and turning, pushing Kirsten's head down, wanting her to keep going and make her cum. She let out a loud moan and an "Oh, God!"

Before she could cum into oblivion, a pounding came from the door.

"Damnit, Cheyenne! I can hear you in there. Open the door, now! I know what's going on….we can hear you out here!" Justin continued to bang on the door, extremely pissed off and not hiding it.

The girls froze and looked at each other. "Shit!" Cheyenne said. "What the hell are we going to do?" She whispered under her breath. 

"Who've you got in there? Never mind, just open this damn door."

"Is anyone with you?" She called out, hoping that it was Darren and not all of his buddies.

"Darren's with me, and we're both going to be kicking some ass when we get in there. You better hope your little boyfriend is a fast runner." He yelled through the door, still banging.

Kirsten smiled at Cheyenne, knowing that it was going to be okay. "Here's our chance to try something new, something that our boys will never forget." She nodded her head, indicating to get the door.

Cheyenne ran and unlocked the door; returning to the bed to wait for Darren and Justin to enter. The girls posed in a sexy position, and held the pose.

"It's open…" she giggled. 

The door slammed open, Justin's eyes scanning the room. Darren came in behind him doing the same….his eyes resting on the site before him. The two stood in shock, smiles playing upon their lips.

With the video playing in the background, Kirsten was the first to break the silence.

"Darren, I hope you don't mind; I borrowed a few of your things so we could better educate ourselves for the two of you. We just thought we'd get a little warmed up and wait for you to leave the party. We were hoping you'd both want to try something new. You can join us if you like." Kirsten giggled, and looked at her friend. "Maybe we should give them a preview of what tonight's going to be like."

The two girls kissed and began caressing each others' breasts.

"Holy shit, dude. I told you that was a lame ass party. I don't know about you, but I don't need a personal invitation." Darren and Justin smiled at each other and made their way to the bed. College life didn't get any better than this.