 "I really want her," I repeated in a low voice, speaking to Luke but glancing at Paul as he stood next to me and touched my hip. 

I watched as Luke started to walk over to the Asian beauty, meeting her halfway. As he opened his mouth to speak, she shook her head as she walked past him to me. When she was within reach, her fingers brushed down my cheek to my jaw as she pulled me toward her for a kiss. 

"What's your name, pretty?" She asked, her lips pressed against mine, her voice soft and husky.

"I'm Ree," I replied, gasping slightly as she drew my bottom lip in between her teeth for a light nibble.

She pulled back, brushing my hair back from my face. "Hi Ree. I'm Ana." 

I felt her fingertips glide from my jaw down my neck and over my collarbone. Her touch gave me chills and she lightly stroked my breast, brushing her fingers softly against my nipple. Ana's other hand found one of mine and placed it over her breast. "Touch me, Ree."

With my other hand, I slid my hand down to her waist and pulled her close so that our breasts were brushing against each other, my hand gently cupping her breast and lowering my head to suck her nipple into my mouth. I felt the nub harden against my tongue, her skin tightening in response.

On a moan, Ana stepped forward, pushing me back against the bed until I was sitting and she climbed onto my lap, straddling me. Her fingers were in my hair, tugging my head upward, until my mouth lifted from her nipple to find her mouth. Her lips soft but insistent on mine, our tongues tangled together, and I slid my hands down her body to her thighs, enjoying the feel of the soft skin. I teased her gently by drawing the tips of my nails over her inner thighs causing her to squirm on my lap for a moment.

Ana drew her mouth away from mine and I felt her tongue and teeth against the side of my neck, causing me to gasp and writhe against her. Without moving her mouth away from my sensitive neck, she moved off of my lap and gently pushed me down until I was reclining on the mattress. I groaned as I felt her mouth move from my neck to my breast as her hand slid down my body and gently pulled my legs apart a little. I arched my back as she gently drew her fingers up and down the outside of my labia, gently teasing and playing against my skin. My hips moved, as if they had a mind of their own, to try to get more pressure from her fingers, but she continued her gently teasing strokes. When she finally dipped a finger inside my pussy, I cried out in pleasure, briefly closing my eyes. I opened them to find Luke and Paul watching us intently; they weren't the only audience we had, but they were the only I cared about. 

My head fell back against the mattress as Ana continued to stroke the sensitive skin. "Oh, so wet," she murmured against my breast, and sliding two fingers into me and using her thumb against my clit.

As she was kneeling next to me, I could follow her lead and drew my hand down her body to slide over her slick pussy lips and into her warmth. Since this was the first time feeling another woman so intimately, I took my time feeling her silken smoothness and playing with her lips and clit. Ana moaned against my breast as I slipped two fingers inside of her. Thinking about what I like and wanting to make her moan again, I began twisting my fingers slightly as I moved them in and out of her, and I was rewarded for my efforts. 

After a moment, she shifted so that my fingers slipped out of her, kissing down my body. Glancing up, I saw that our audience had their cocks in hand appreciating the show, and I slid my pussy moistened fingers in my mouth for the first taste of her.

While the plan was to suck on my fingers to entice them, that first taste of Ana left me wanting to taste more of her. As I licked my fingers clean, I felt her torso brushing the insides of my thighs and her breath hot on my mound. When I felt her tongue slide over my pussy lips, I moaned, thrusting my hips up. She moved as my hips did, keeping the same light pressure of her tongue against my skin, and my hands moved on their own volition to touch her head lightly. Ana lifted her head and looked over at Luke.

"I think she needs someone to hold her hands," Ana said to him before smiling slyly at me.

Luke grinned, sliding onto the bed, leaning down to kiss me as he took one of my small, pale hands in each of his large, dark ones. Kneeling at my head, he pulled my arms over my head and lightly held them in place above my head. When I tested it, he kept the strong, but gentle hold on me, stretching me out. He didn't hurt me, but it was enough to let me know that he was going to keep me in place.

Working her tongue between my folds as her fingers slowly twisted in and out of me, Ana was driving me crazy. She kept me on the edge of cumming, pulling back slightly when I was close and letting me calm down for a moment before diving back in. After several minutes like this (which felt like an eternity), Ana began sliding three fingers in and out of my dripping pussy, twisting and curving so that she was rubbing against my g-spot as she wrapped her lips around my clit, sucking and thrashing my clit with her tongue.

My climax was instantaneous and massive, and I screamed with pleasure. She moved her mouth from me and slowed her fingers down, but kept the contact as I calmed down. Once I was able to form coherent thoughts again, I looked down at Ana.

"I want to taste you," I said softly to her. I felt Luke release my hands and rub my arms lightly, and I sat up. 

Leaning into Ana, I slid my hand into her hair, pulling her forward for a kiss. I lightly licked her lips, tasting me on her, before kissing her deeply, pushing her onto her back. I felt her tangle her fingers in my hair as I licked and nibbled down her neck, across her collarbone, to her breast. While my lips and tongue played with one nipple, my fingers played with the other. I loved the feel of her nipple and areola under my tongue, the way her skin tasted. 

I continued to work my way down her body with my mouth, pausing at her navel to kiss and lick around her belly button, making her laugh. At the tug of her hands on my hair, I lifted my head and grinned at her. I slid further down her body and between her legs, first kissing up one thigh before running my tongue up the crease of her leg and repeating the same on the other leg. Her scent was intoxicating, and I wanted nothing more than to dive in and taste her, but I also wanted to tease her as much as she teased me. 

I lifted my head to watch her as I stroked the soft, smooth skin of her labia, leaning down to run my tongue lightly over the skin my fingers just stroked. I slowly added more pressure with my fingers on each stroke until the soft, wet, hot skin enfolded my fingers. With my other hand, I spread her lips, exposing her clit. I took a tentative first lick at her clit, but her taste (and subsequent moan) was enough to make me less tentative. Using my tongue to take broad strokes against her clit, I slid two fingers into her tight, dripping pussy and twisted them as I moved them in and out of her. I lifted my head, using the thumb of my free hand to rub her clit as I fucked her with my fingers.

"Use three, Ree," Ana commanded, breathless, "And harder." I complied, sliding three fingers in her and twisting them in and out of her harder and faster. I moved my mouth back to suck on her clit, flicking my tongue against it as I sucked it into my mouth. I heard Ana's breathing changed as her hips started bucking back against my mouth and fingers, and moved the hand fucking her faster, twisting to rub against her g spot. Her body tensed under my mouth, her pussy clamping down around my fingers, as she cried out in orgasm. It was so beautiful and stunning to watch and I felt myself getting hornier.

Not wanting it to become too intense, I backed off, resting my head against her thigh as I gently stroked her smooth wet skin, waiting for her to come down. 

"Wow, Ree," Ana said, sounding breathless.

"Did you enjoy?" I asked, looking up at her anxiously. 

She sat up, pushing me up to my knees as well, kissing me fully. "Yes. Couldn't you tell?"

I shrugged, suddenly shy. She kissed me again, her tongue exploring my mouth. 

"Spread your legs for me, Ree," Ana whispered against my mouth. 

I complied, running my hands over her shoulders and breasts as she moved around. With her movements, I quickly realized what she was doing, and slid my hips toward hers until our pussies were touching, the smooth, wet skins sliding against each other. 

Ana reached down, opening first her lips and then mine so that our clits could rub directly against each other. At her touch, my head fell back and I groaned, my hips moving on their own accord. As I had one arm behind me holding me up, the other stroked the soft skin of her breast. She held onto my hip as we worked our pussies against each other, her fingers digging into my skin. I could feel her wet pussy lips sliding against mine, hear the sounds of our wet pussies slurping against each other. Her mouth found mine, our tongues tangling with each other. I sucked on her tongue, sliding mine against it, tasting her. 

I felt my climax starting again, and starting working my hips faster, rubbing myself harder against her. Ana's head fell back and she moaned, matching the pace of my hips with an increase of her own hips. When my orgasm hit, I was dimly aware of calling out Ana's name, feeling her grip my hip tighter as her own climax hit, and I fell back against the bed. A few moments later, Ana landed on top of me and rolled us so that we were laying on our sides facing each other.

"So, Ree," Ana began, pausing to kiss me softly as she stroked my hair away from my face. "Did you get what you wanted?"

I smiled. "Yes. But now, I want more of you."

Ana laughed softly. "I think that can be arranged."