 It was Terri that woke me from a totally exhausted, dreamless sleep. It took a while for me to even come awake enough to realize who she was or where I was. Recollection came sweeping over me like a wave of pure sex. She helped me up, put the toga garment back on me and led me towards the entryway to go back up to my suite. As we walked across the large room I saw that each section of the room contained a suspended hammock-like stretcher like the one I had been on. Two of them were still occupied and, like mine, they were completely covered with a silk sheet.

From one the controls to the machine had been dropped to the floor for the occupant to take a well deserved, (I knew), rest. Terri gave me a conspiratorial shush sign as we walked by to let the unknown person enjoy her nap. The other was still being actively used. Terri whispered that "this one" is a real glutton. She had been here for hours. The sounds of endless orgasm from the lips of the person as well as the sounds of the machines attached to her body combined with the soft background music in the room to create a surreal world of sensuality. It also brought to me the thought as to how unreal this whole experience was compared to my normal life.

I was escorted to my suite and Terri helped me get myself back together; to dress in another toga style garment, and apply a little makeup. She said when I was ready that "Beth" would like to speak with me. When I indicated my curiosity Terri only shrugged her shoulders indicating she didn't know what the significance was. She called a number on the intercom. A few minutes later there was a discreet knock on the door. Terri answered it to let in what could only be described as a grandmotherly looking woman in her late 50's or early 60's, steel grey hair, medium height, wearing a toga type garment similar to my own. With the soft folds of the garment revealing her figure it occurred to me that she had probably had some surgical help to have a figure that would belong to a woman thirty years younger. It was also a face I had seen but couldn't place immediately.

As Terri left the room Beth came forward to introduce herself and said it was about time to take some of the mystery out of the "weekend of carnal delight". 

Her story:

"As I was coming up in the business world I would read of the club for men only in the San Francisco area where the real movers and doers assemble once a year to frolic, let go, and bond. That such a club exists had always seemed to me to be completely sexist. By the time I became CEO of my first company it was plain to me that there was virtually no networking at all for senior women executives thereby creating a vacuum both in power and information."

"Particularly in the double standard of matters sexual it always seemed to me that there was the greatest disparity between business persons, male and female. Where a businessman had something going with anyone, provided it was a "she" and an adult, he was usually looked at either with envy, indulgence or pride. If a businesswoman had something going it was probably because she was a tramp, would probably make her vulnerable to releasing confidential information with her pillow talk, proved that she couldn't be trusted, etc. and in general was a threat to her male boss, or subordinates or co-workers because, if she was doing any messing around it should be with them, because, if she wasn't, then their masculinity was

directly affected. (As a side note it was not their own masculinity they worried about but the way they were afraid their male co-workers would perceive it). Also, sin of all sins, that if she had anything sexual to do with another woman then that was even more of a threat and "logically" that could definitely not be tolerated."

"With that as background and since I happen to be bisexual it necessitated that I had to be extremely discreet in any extra- curricular affairs I had and even more so if it involved another woman. The VERY few close friendships I developed with other women in the business world turned out to have thoughts very similar to my own and, major surprise to top them all, that most very successful business women happen to be bisexual at least by the time they reach middle age."

"On my fortieth birthday my husband of ten years, (old school, old money, lazy) finally couldn't take it any more that I made more salary than he did and decided to trade me in on another model. That was the same day I found the sale had gone through for my purchase of my first company so I could be both CEO and principal stockholder. To be truthful I can't really blame my ex-husband as I wasn't really that interested in sex in those days as I spent most of my energies on my career. It was only about a year later that I entered into a relationship with a woman and found that I have indeed a very intense interest in things sexual but that I just hadn't been sufficiently encouraged to give in to those feelings. I also found with time that for me, and most others after they admit it, that sexual stimulus is even more intense when done in the company of several people provided they are persons you trust. I feel there is some degree of exhibitionism in all of us, some just more than others, provided such things can happen under controlled and completely confidential 

conditions. Those conditions being the exact opposite of the "old boy network" philosophy where they want to "strut their stuff" for All their other male friends." 

"Thus I have explained the dilemma I found myself in and it was through my divorce settlement that I was able to do something about it. I received this spa for my trouble and have found it to be a nice and consistent source of income year around. People are willing to pay exorbitant amounts of money to be surrounded with luxury and attended to by properly obsequious servants."

"Since I own the joint I can close it whenever I want and in fact I do so for a weekend every six months. On those weekends I can invite my friends here for a weekend of doing anything they want. I call these weekends a meeting of "THE CLUB". The membership is pretty exclusive as we have ten members. The requirements to belong are, I'm afraid, somewhat inflexible but then, so am I. I am 56 and the oldest and the charter member. The youngest is 32. You must be female, bi or lesbian, a career business woman with a net worth of five million dollars or an annual salary of a quarter million a year, or better."

She paused to let that sink in. "We would like you to become our eleventh member. I know you don't think you qualify due to your salary but next Tuesday morning you will be summoned to your company's board of directors meeting and will be told of your promotion to Executive Vice President with a salary of 300K plus bonuses. . Please remember to be appropriately surprised as only your CEO, the two other members of the board's executive search committee and one very expensive call girl are thought to have that information. Please also notice that the fellow you are replacing is not aware of the situation as yet. Since he expects to be present to witness your dismissal being announced, which he has recommended, you might want to watch the look on his face as they, instead, announce your promotion and it suddenly dawns on him that he's now just a statistic."

"I specifically wanted to let you know this little bit of news to give you a very pointed look at what inside information can do to further your career. Based on that information you might also wish to make some stock or option sales or purchases early Monday morning depending on your assessment of how your new position will affect the prospects for your company in both the short and long term. You haven't been informed of your promotion and as such you are not, legally speaking, an insider as yet so your purchases or sales are not a reportable item to the SEC."

"Back to the club: We have our meetings twice yearly. This meeting there are six of us present as the others had other matters that they couldn't get out of regarding career and family. Most of us are married. Most are mothers. Here, however, we're all just members of THE CLUB. You've probably noticed that each of us is attended at each meeting by a very pretty girl. They are each young, bright and beautiful. They come here from the west coast and are employed there by the most expensive call girl network in the world. Their one job while here is to make you comfortable in any way you might wish.

I emphasize that that is in absolutely any way you should choose to be served. If they should need some time to physically recover from your uses then they will be adequately compensated. They are absolutely reliable and discreet. They also receive a stock bonus each time they come here that makes their complete loyalty unquestioned. The domestic help for the weekend: masseuses, chefs etc. are brought in from Kansas City and don't realize that I am the owner of the corporation that owns the resort hotel they normally work at. They keep to themselves except when we need them."

"I believe the girl assigned to you is named Terri. If you join our little group you may use her services on a regular basis or, of course feel free to branch out to others if you feel so inclined. Just let me know before the next meeting. As far as a schedule for this weekend, there really isn't any that you must keep. It's about five now. If you would care to join us, the bacchanal is around seven. Just wander on downstairs."

She ended her monologue by coming over to be bed where I had been sitting, almost dazed from the revelations I had just heard. She asked me to stand and kissed me tenderly. "I hope you'll join us at the bacchanal but there are no requirements here. After that, if you care to join "THE CLUB" your initiation will be at midnight tonight."

She took her leave and a few minutes later Terri returned. She said that although this was her first time here that she had been told a bit about the bacchanal. She said that the usual pattern was a gourmet meal followed by each member being able to use or be used by "the girls" in any way they might wish. That the member usually would use the girl assigned to her for the weekend but that was not a requirement. In fact the whole point was that there were absolutely no requirements placed on any member. That they could do whatever they wished. They were not required to do anything but could indulge themselves.

During the time she was explaining all this she had been leading me over to my bed. She had then been removing her clothing and mine. As I lay back on the bed and as Terri moved my legs apart to bring her lips and tongue between my legs she said while she relaxed me I might want to decide how I would use her at the bacchanal.

TO BE CONTINUED