 Hi again, readers. Something a little different this time. It's not your typical sexual coupling/graphic hardcore piece per se, so if that's what you're looking for, sorry to disappoint you. This is slightly more of a "cerebral" piece, but I really hope you'll take the 10 minutes or so to read it -- it's short, but sweet. Anyway, enjoy!



I looked up from my laptop one late afternoon just in time to see two young women come in through the front door of the coffee house. They looked to be in their late twenties, and might have been from the architect's office across the street, or the law firm up the block. Both were very stylish in their business suits, skirts, and heels. As I was sitting in the corner, they passed quickly out of my line of vision, heading toward the bar. With nothing more to look at, I returned my gaze to the vast array of drudgery currently on my computer screen. 

In a few minutes, the two would-be mavens of business reappeared, glasses of wine in hand, and seated themselves on a small sofa just off to my side. Finally, something interesting to pay attention to! I'd been slogging along through the work of my real job for the last two hours, and frankly, I was tired of it. Writing is, for the moment, only a hobby, but I am a full-time people watcher. It wasn't necessarily the fact that the two were attractive -- they definitely were -- it was more the interactions between the two of them that intrigued me. My writer's mind shifted into gear as I surreptitiously observed the two sitting near me. The shorter of the two, the brunette, was obviously upset about something or someone. It was almost painful to watch her face cloud over, recounting to the other girl the source of her discontent. They were speaking in low tones, and I could only hear snippets of the conversation over the coffee house's ambient music...

"...can't believe she expects me to deal with that!"

"She didn't copy you on any of the e-mails?" asked the redhead.

"No! And then she acts like I should have known what she was talking about in front of the entire panel. I was so embarrassed when she..."

I decided I would definitely not like to be on her bad side. Her curly brown hair framed a flawless olive complexion. Big, brown eyes behind sophisticated glasses. Every bit the young professional. 'Maybe of Middle Eastern decent?' I asked myself. Another interesting facet of the conversation was that the other girl, a redhead, appeared to be taking notes on a small steno pad, occasionally asking more questions, as if she were doing an interview. 

"...so what did John say afterwards?"

"...pulled into his office and reprimanded like I was some fifth-grader misbehaving..."

This back-and-forth went on for some time, and I only half paid attention to the conversation after this, since it really wasn't any of my business, and I had no idea who or what they were really talking about anyway. Oh well, back to work. In about another 10 minutes I realized I could barely see the screen of my laptop any more, the lowering sun being in the perfect position over the buildings across the street to scorch my retinas. I put my sunglasses on, and would have continued working away, had I not heard the phrase "Have you ever read this?" spoken by the redhead. As a writer, I'm always interested in what other people read. She held up a book called "____________________". (I will refrain from putting the real title here, since I don't need any possible repercussions from anyone.) 

"Oh, yeah! My friend Jennifer told me about that book -- I finished it maybe a month ago," said the brunette. 

"Oh, my God," said the redhead. "I can't believe some of the things in this book!" The two of them started giggling. My interest was now officially piqued again. And the fact that I was wearing sunglasses kept them from realizing I was watching them from less than 10 feet away. 'Now, if they would just turn the background music down a little,' I thought. Before my eyes, I saw something I'd never really witnessed before. There was a transformation taking place, little by little. The brunette's features, so hard and strained before, were softening -- the furrow in her brow began to smooth out, her eyes were smiling, and her motions and gestures were more relaxed. They continued to talk about the book, although in hushed tones, I'm guessing because of the sexual content. 

"...hilarious talking about the one-night stand. I've had that happen before..."

"I know! Isn't that such a crappy thing to have happen?" said the redhead.

"...I mean what do you do at three in the morning when that happens?" The two of them burst out in little giggles again. I could only imagine what they were talking about now, and I was dying to know more. The two were obviously having a great time reminiscing about their book. The discussion went on, with bunches of interesting little snippets. Then there was a lull in the music, and I heard another intriguing bit. 

"So...ummm, what did you think of the part about 'living in the moment'? About...you know...bisexuality?" the redhead asked. 

'You had me at hello,' I said to myself. Like a storm front approaching, the mood of the conversation changed. I could see it in both of their faces. They were both a little subdued about the subject at first, but at the same time, I sensed an almost latent -- excitement, or maybe at least openness to it. The next thing I realized was the subtle change in body language. This was the part that amazed me. The girls both slouched a little lower on the seat, getting comfortable. The brunette leaned in a little closer, resting her head on the high back of the sofa. The redhead put her head on her hand, her elbow also resting on the back of the sofa. Little signs as they talked on in loud whispers -- Oh how I wish the music were a little lower! Just then, like magic, a different type of music, some soft jazz, began issuing from the speakers. Yesss!

"...can understand her point about not caring whether it was..." the brunette was saying. The redhead was held in rapt attention, as was I. 

"...guess the biggest thing is that it was always so taboo like in high school..."

"...are more open-minded in some ways now, but more closed-minded at other..." This was getting more and more interesting. 

As the discussion went on, I noticed other things: one of them playing with her necklace, the other crossing and uncrossing her legs, swinging her foot lazily. None of these things meaning much in themselves, but taken as a whole, a total change in attitudes. Then the next major part in the discussion:

"So...have you ever...ummm...experienced anything like what she was talking about?" asked the redhead somewhat shyly. Slight pause.

"Well, maybe a little," the brunette said, shrugging up her shoulders and playing meek. I could tell she wasn't sure what her friend would think of this admission. 

"Well, don't just sit there -- tell me!" said the redhead. She was suddenly all ears. And so was I. This was like manna from heaven.

The brunette got comfortable, again playing with the necklace at her throat. "Well, I was, I guess, a junior in college. It was one of those things you typically hear about -- alcohol was involved," she laughed nervously. "I had this friend, Stephanie, and we used to hang out with each other all the time. She had this gorgeous curly blonde hair, and she was built like a brick shithouse. She worked as a trainer in the campus wellness center." The brunette's eyes glazed over momentarily, as she pictured her friend in her mind's eye. "Anyway, we had been to a party, and got a little tipsy...not wasted, just comfortably buzzed. We walked back to my apartment from the party, holding hands and just goofing around, talking about guys we had seen at the party -- which ones we would do, and all that. We were pretty comfortable talking to each other about that kind of stuff." 

"Sounds pretty cool," said the redhead quietly. She uncrossed her legs, and then crossed them the other way. Both of the girls' skirts had risen a little higher since they had slumped deeper into the sofa. There's almost nothing I like better than seeing a nice pair of legs crossed in a skirt. I was feeling the stirrings of a rather uncomfortable erection in my jeans. Good thing my computer was in my lap.

"So we had gotten ourselves kind of hot by then, talking about all this stuff. By the time we got back to my apartment, we both needed another drink. We decided to light some candles and hang out, finishing off a bottle of wine I had. We sat on the floor in front of the couch just listening to music, and talking about not much in particular, when she asked me -- just out of the blue -- if I'd ever done anything with another girl."

"Wow. And what did you say?" asked the redhead.

"I told her 'no,' that I'd never really thought about it that much. She goes, 'Not much? But you HAVE thought about it haven't you?' I told her that maybe I had. She asked me what I thought about it. I got all embarrassed -- we'd never talked about girl-on-girl stuff before."

"Had she ever been with another girl?" the redhead wanted to know.

"That's what I asked her! She said no, but that she had fantasized about it once in a while, when she got really horny." This last comment brought a smile to both the girls' faces.

"So then what happened?" Red was getting impatient, I laughed to myself.

"Well, we were both pretty well horned up by then, and she told me she thought I was pretty. And she asked what I would think if she kissed me."

"And did she?"

"Well, I kinda kissed her back," said the brunette. At this, the redhead put her hand on the brunette's knee.

"Did you like it? What else happened?"

"Hold on, hold on!" the brunette interrupted. "We kissed for a long time, and we were getting so turned on. Next thing I know, she had a hand on my breast. Oh, my God, I wanted her so bad then. Then she took one of my hands and put it on her chest. She had huge tits, like 36DD's -- I would have sworn they were fake...turns out, they're not," the brunette grinned. 

"Holy shit!" whispered the redhead, her hand still on the brunette's knee. Now the brunette, in unthinking reaction, put her hand on top of the redhead's occasionally caressing it as she continued her story.

"I was getting so unbelievably hot. She asked if I liked her touching me. I told her I did, so her hand gradually moved down to my belly, where she just kinda stroked and touched me while we kissed some more." The redhead's jaw was hanging open. I had to make sure mine wasn't as well. I was loving this conversation. 

"Did you touch her more?"

"Not at first," said the brunette. "I just kind of let her take charge. Pretty soon her hand was at the crotch of my jeans. And I couldn't help myself. I thought I was going to cum right then." Without taking her eyes off the brunette's, the redhead took a huge gulp of wine and set her glass back down. "I was wearing jeans, and she was wearing this cute short skirt. So I decided to return the favor for her. I put my hand on her knee, and then gradually moved it up her thigh." I could tell the brunette was enjoying the effect her story was having on the redhead. I wondered if it had happened exactly as she was telling it. But what the fuck did I care? It was a good story nevertheless.

Now the brunette uncrossed her legs, slowly recrossing them the other way, and taking the redhead's hand, put it on the couch, continuing to caress it while she talked. 

"I worked up the nerve to put my hand on her crotch, and she just about went through the ceiling. She kissed me so hard -- it was so intense. So there we were, sitting on the floor of my apartment, rubbing each other and kissing. I felt her hands messing with the button on my jeans. She undid it, and slipped her hand down my pants. I was so wet by then."

"So did you guys do anything else?" 

The brunette shook her head. "No, we just stayed like that, kissing, cuddling, touching each other for hours. We finally went to my room and spent the night together, but that was the only time we ever did anything like that."

"But why?" the redhead demanded. "Wasn't it fun?"

"Oh, hell yes, but we also decided that we didn't want to complicate our friendship, so didn't take it any further." 

"Have you ever done that since then with another girl?" 

"No. I've wanted to once in a while, but I still definitely like guys. And I'm not really sure how I would even approach a girl about that kind of thing," the brunette admitted. The redhead nodded, knowing what the brunette meant. Apparently it gave her an idea, and a silly grin appeared on her face. The hand that was supporting her head went to the brunette's shoulder, and she half-turned on the sofa so as to be facing her friend more directly.

"So...ummm, just out of curiosity, would you be attracted to someone like me?" asked the redhead. The brunette's hand flew to her mouth. Over her hand, I could see her eyes narrow, as she considered how to answer the question. Damn! This was getting even better.

Finally, after a minute or so, the brunette picked up her wine glass, and after taking a sip, said, "I am definitely attracted to you."

"Well with that being said, what would you propose we might do about that?" asked the redhead softly. The brunette's eyebrows arched, and she took another sip, considering the possibilities. 

"Well for starters, you have very sexy lips," said the brunette, getting into an even more playful mood. This time she placed her hand on the redhead's thigh, above her bared knee. "I'm picturing kissing them, very slowly, just a little tongue," she said teasingly. If this conversation kept up I was going to have a very embarrassing ejaculation in my pants. 

"Yeah? Go on..." said the redhead.

"We could go back to my place and have a little candlelight -- how about a nice bubble bath? I can soap up those pretty breasts of yours." At this, the brunette's other hand went slowly up to play with her necklace again, and then very subtly rested at the top of her breasts, at the just-barely cleavage visible in her tailored business suit. 

"Mmmm..." purred the redhead. "I think that sounds perfect." As she said this, she slouched a little further into her seat, uncrossed her legs, and didn't bother to cross them again. She was facing her brunette friend with her beautiful legs slightly apart in that nice, short business skirt. "Maybe a little more wine, touching each other, caressing, teasing, tempting..."

"Exactly," nodded the brunette.

"Are you gonna eat my pussy?" said the redhead, almost at a whisper. I might have even imagined I had heard this last question, except that the brunette answered her, nodding again.

"I'm gonna make your body quiver with my tongue."

"Let's get the fuck out of here," said the redhead.





I know, I know...it's a tease. But believe it or not, this episode is based almost entirely on something I personally observed last week. I could hardly believe it myself. Anyway, I debated for a while as to whether I should continue the story using my imagination at what would happen, or just leave it as it is. I decided to let you use your own imagination -- please don't fault me for that! Thanks again for all the great feedback on my other stories. Keep it coming, and if you like my stuff, let the editors of this site know by voting...