 Author's Note: This story picks up where the series La Playa - Polynesia leaves off. Those of you who like a story and understanding the motivations of characters may want to read both the original La Playa series and La Playa - Polynesia for context and background. For those of you who are just looking for a good wank, I hope you'll give the story development up front a quick glance as you scroll to the lesbian fisting scene in the latter paragraphs. In both cases, I sincerely hope you enjoy!

*****

The week after their return from Polynesia Deana was doing a bit of yard work in her garden when she saw Julie come out of the guesthouse on their ranch in the Texas Hill Country with two glasses of wine in her hand. It was the first Saturday they were back, and they were alone on the ranch. Steve was on his trawler-style power cruiser, a small yacht really, down on the Texas coast. He was taking one of his long weekends alone to do some strategic thinking now that the Polynesian venture was off to a successful start. Deana gave the ranch staff the weekend off, so the two women were alone.

"Join me?" Julie asked, offering Deana a glass of Chardonnay.

"Love to!" Deana responded, accepting and lifting the glass in a toast with her husband's lover. "Let's go sit at the fountain and enjoy the afternoon."

Deana led the way to a small sitting area on a patio that was directly outside the master bedroom of the main house. Facing southeast, it was still amply lit with afternoon sun filtering through the oak trees that surrounded their home. The area included a small fountain that ran out into an artificial stream. The stream flowed around the side of the house and down to the southwest corner of the building, where it emptied into a large Koi pond adjacent to Steve's barbecue station where they did their evening entertaining. 

They were dressed similarly: Deana wore cargo shorts and her favorite tee shirt. It was an old shirt, very thin, and she never wore a bra around the house, so her nipples were prominent. Julie was also in cargo shorts, but she wore a sleeveless "muscle shirt" that showed off the curve of her braless breasts, and the full breast when she bent forward. Deana wore sneakers, and Julie had on light sandals. Pulling patio chairs up to where they could rest their feet on the side of the fountain, the two women sat in silence for a few moments, drinking in the beauty of a late spring Texas day along with their wine.

"This place is so beautiful," Julie said. "No wonder you don't mind staying here while Steve gallivants around the globe."

"Yes, I fell in love with it the very first day Steve brought me here early in our marriage." Deana replied. "The original house was his parent's retirement home. He inherited it after we came here to help his Dad when his Mom was dying. I love this place deep down in my soul."

"I can see why," said Julie. "You look very comfortable and at peace with yourself here."

"I truly am," replied Deana. "And I know I keep talking about it, but it really is remarkable to me how much more comfortable I am in my skin now that I'm part of Steve's lifestyle. I wanted to talk to you about it, ever since that morning I got to Papeete. It just never seemed the right time, but now is a great opportunity with our man off on one of his jaunts. I wonder what new scheme he'll come home with this time?" replied Deana.

"Probably a plan for world peace through sex!" Julie laughed. "I've been wanting to thank you for all the wonderful things you said to me that morning, and I've been trying to show my gratitude every time we've made love since."

Julie had joined Steve and Deana in an impromptu fuck that Saturday morning in Papeete, one week ago to the day. Since that time, the three had played together on their flight back to the States in a private jet, and then much more during their four-day layover in San Diego. Steve had also fucked both Julie and Deana one-on-one. 

"Oh, Julie, it's me who is grateful!" responded Deana. "The past couple of months have felt like I'm just waking up out of a long, dark dream. I've always been afraid of sex - my Catholic roots are showing - but now I just can't seem to get enough. The real twist is that I no longer think I have to wait for Steve or seek his approval. Hell, now I don't even have to have Steve at all, and I'm learning so much from you! Thank you for being so patient with me over the years."

"I'm so glad for you, Dee," Julie said, taking another sip of wine. "I know just what you mean about waking up - but mine was a Baptist dream, not Catholic, and it took my divorce to break me out of it. Then I got into swinging, joined The Club and met Steve, and everything else fell into place for my life."

"The Club is a member organization, and our most important meeting of the year is next weekend," Julie continued. "It's a three day event, and it is only for our most senior members. Believe it or not, along with fucking each other silly, we actually hold a membership meeting during this annual weekend! The Club includes our closest friends in swinging, and I know Steve hopes you'll come to the event."

"Yes, he's asked me to come, and I'm looking forward to it!" replied Deana. "I'm hoping you'll do some 'coaching' with me before we go," she said with a shy smile. 

"That will be fun!" exclaimed Julie. "As you know, next weekend is a three-day holiday, so there will be activities exclusively for our full Club members only from Friday evening through Monday afternoon. As I said, these people are our closest swinger friends. They are on the top tier of membership, and as such they enjoy special privileges on the premises and with each other. That particularly applies during this annual meeting. You are going to see people into some fairly extreme forms of sex play there. You'll see BDSM scenes. You'll see women taking whole wine bottles into their vaginas. You'll see some people getting into some pee play - maybe even Steve. And you will likely even see some people playing with dogs."

"God, you're kidding!" said Deana. "I've always known Steve was bisexual, and that seemed to include a fair amount of kink, but I never dreamed he was into, what do they call it? Water sports? And The Club even condones bestiality?"

"Don't think less of him because of it," begged Julie. "He's still the same incredible guy, and he's not really all that extreme. I just don't want you to be surprised at anything that happens at The Club. And yes, one of our members breeds Mastiff Hounds, and he likes to keep two males trained to fuck people. I've tried it, and while I don't think I'll ever do it again, I have to tell you it was actually a mind-blowing experience!"

"Well, I'll give it some thought, but I really think my first reaction is one of being intrigued, not put off," said Deana. "When you guys snowballed me after we fucked on the plane, the Catholic school girl part of me wanted to run and throw up, but the new sexpot part of me decided that it was really neat, and I knew I wanted to try more. I even love anal sex now, which is a huge step. I think I'll be willing to give some more things, a try next weekend, though not the dogs, especially with you and Steve there to keep me safe."

"Oh, The Club is the safest environment for play and experimentation I've ever seen," said Julie. "You wouldn't believe how experienced our senior members all are, and safety and respect are always their first concerns. If you really want to try some new things, you might consider putting yourself up for auction."

"For auction? That sounds a little ominous! What do you mean?" asked Deana.

"We hold a fundraiser on Saturday afternoon each year," explained Julie. "People can walk up and toss a collar into a bowl. This means they volunteer to be someone's slave for the next 24 hours, and then we auction the slaves off. We don't explain to the Sisters how we raise the money, but we donate over $50,000 annually to a Catholic orphanage that is located just down the road from The Club."

"That sounds fun!" exclaimed Deana. 

"Oh, it really is, and I think you'd actually learn a lot about swinging and about yourself if you decide to do it," Julie said enthusiastically. "Power exchange can actually be incredibly freeing. It's something I really enjoy. One suggestion: don't tell Steve in advance. I'd love to see the look on his face when you walk up and put your collar in the bowl!"

"You are so bad!" said Dee. "I think I'm looking forward to this more and more."

"We'll help each other get ready on Friday," Julie continued, "and we'll arrive at The Club around 5:00 PM that afternoon. Steve likes to get there early and get settled in. Now, let's change the subject. I want to tell you more about Christie, and you mentioned something you wanted to ask me about."

The girl talk ran on through the full bottle of wine and well into the next. Julie talked on and on about her new lover, Christie, and expressed her surprise at feeling so deeply for a woman. Though she leaned toward the lesbian on the Kinsey Scale, Julie always thought she would prefer to have relationships with men. But Christie was proving the exception to the rule. The conversation brought Deana and Julie closer, and alleviated the last of Deana's lingering fears for her marriage. In fact, Deana insisted that Julie bring Christie here to the ranch anytime they were in Texas.

The two women made some nachos and moved their impromptu party to the front porch, where they switched to red wine and watched the sun go down together, talking about love, life, sex and a myriad of other subjects, their friendship growing and blossoming like a flower.

"Julie, thank you so much for telling me about Christie. I wish you all the joy in the world, and I hope you'll bring her here soon," said Deana. "Now I have a question to ask you, but I'm not sure how."

"Dee, you can say anything in the world to me!" Julie cried. "I'm seeing more and more why Steve loves and trusts you so, and now I understand so much more about where I fit into your relationship, thank you!"

"Well, I'm not sure..." Deana demurred.

"Come on, girlfriend. Spit it out!" insisted Julie.

"Well, uh, you know how I said earlier I hope you'll coach me a bit before we go to the party at The Club next weekend?" Deana asked.

"Of course, anything! What do you want to know?" replied Julie.

"I want to get better at making love to a girl," said Deana, blushing.

"You do pretty well, Lover!" said Julie. "What specifically do you want to know?"

"Well, I guess it's not really 'love' I mean, but..." Deana hesitated yet again.

"That's it. Either get it our or I'm cutting you off. No more wine tonight!" Julie said.

"Sex, really kinky sex, there, I've said it," Deana blurted out.

"What do you mean by 'kinky sex'?" Julie asked. "Anal? BDSM? Fetishes? Give me something to work with here."

"You've already helped me learn about anal with Steve, so yes, that, but there's something else, something I've seen on the web, and something that Steve has told me you do really well. Do you ever...fist, Christie?"

"Deana, that's exactly what we were doing the moment Christie and I fell in love!" replied Julie. "It may be the most intimate thing two women can do together, and it's my personal favorite thing to do to a girl. Oh yeah, the orgasms are cosmic!" enthused Julie. "There is nothing like feeling that fullness and that special bond. It takes a lot of trust between the two women. Which do you want to learn, giving or receiving?"

"Both?" smiled Deana. "But mostly I want to know what it feels like to be on the receiving end."

A big grin grew on Julie's face. She stood and stepped over the Deana's chair. Taking her face into her hands, Julie bent down and kissed Deana deeply, soulfully, and long, their tongues playing together and their breath quickening.

Stepping back, Julie said to Deana. "Go get us some bottles of water. No more wine tonight. And meet me in the master bath. We have some preparations to make."

Her knees wobbly with both desire and fear as she stood, Deana stopped and caught her breath as she watched Julie walk toward the door into the house. Julie was purposely walking her most sexy walk, her ass swaying in her shorts, and lifting the hem of her shirt she pulled it over her head, paused, and turned her profile back to Deana.

"Hurry up, Lover," Julie breathed, showing Deana her right breast. "I want you now!" Julie then turned and sauntered on into the house. 

Deana hurried to comply, rushing to the kitchen to get the water. As she moved inside, she found Julie's shirt on the foyer floor. Down the hall, she saw first one and then the other sandal Julie had worn today, and just inside the bedroom were Julie's shorts. Deana caught a glimpse of Julie's nearly perfect ass turning the corner into the bathroom as she followed quickly.

Entering the bathroom, Deana again saw Julie's nearly flawless backside. Julie was bent over the sunken tub, turning on the water to fill it. Deana set the water down on the vanity and quickly kicked off her sneakers, then reached for her belt.

"Let me do that," said Julie. Gliding across the bathroom like some Greek goddess with an enigmatic smile on her face she said, "Like I said, fisting is all about trust. Never let a girl or guy you don't know and trust completely even try it with you. It's easy to be hurt, and even induce shock, without really knowing what you are doing." As she said this, she loosened Deana's belt and pants, bending over and flipping the cargo shorts toward a corner as Deana stepped out of them.

"Rule Number One: rubber gloves!" Julie said as she stood and lifted Deana's tee shirt over her head. Now both women were fully nude, and they melded into each other for another deep, soulful kiss.

As their lips parted, Julie said "Let me get some gloves from Steve's toy chest while you check the temp on the water. You don't have a latex allergy, do you?"

Deana moved as if in a trance to the tub and adjusted the bathwater to a just higher than comfortable warmth. "No, I don't . Should I put in bubbles?" she asked Julie, who was now in the walk-in closet opening one of the many drawers of toys where Steve kept his latex.

"No, darling, we don't need the soap on our skin. Let's put in some peppermint oil to make us smell good and then we'll be using some soap-free cleanser on each other to minimize any contamination." Julie said this as she laid a pair of opera-length black latex gloves on a hand towel on the vanity. She set a large tube of water-based lube down next to the gloves, and turned back toward the tub.

Deana saw the gloves and felt the first real tremor of fear. This was yet another major step away from her Catholic upbringing, and she shivered a bit at the thought. But she took a breath and fought the fears down. She loved and trusted Julie. She knew that Julie would be gentle and loving. This thought was quickly followed by a flush of lust as she imagined the sight of Julie's hand disappearing into Christie's pussy.

Julie saw the shivers and took Deana into her arms, melding their naked bodies together again as steam began to rise from the tub. Now Julie became more aggressive, reaching down and cupping Deana's ass cheeks and grinding their public mounds together as she hungrily forced her tongue into Deana's mouth. Her purpose was to show Deana gentle strength, building a physical bond that would increase Deana's comfort and trust in the extreme physical act they were building toward.

"Where are the oils, darling?" Julie whispered in Deana's ear. 

In response, Deana broke their embrace and moved silently to a cabinet that contained a wide array of essential oils. Selecting a small bottle of peppermint, she handed it to Julie.

"Peppermint has antibacterial properties, and it will help us clear our heads from all this yummy wine we've been drinking," Julie said as she put several drops into the hot water. "Rule Number Two: never try this unless you and your partner are at least relatively sober. It's too easy to get careless when your guard is down. That's why I wanted the water. Now step into the tub with me and let me ravish you a bit!" she said with a naughty grin.

Again almost in a trance, Deana held Julie's hand as she stepped into the water. It was hot, but not scalding, and the delicious scent of peppermint surrounded them as they sank down slowly into the huge tub. Julie lifted hot water in her hands and let it cascade down Deana's back as they kissed again. A feeling of decadence pervaded the two sexy lovers.

The tub was built large enough for four, and included bench seating like a hot tub. As she settled Deana onto a seat, Julie forced her leg between Deana's thighs and straddled her knee. She then pressed her own clitoris into Deana's knee, and began gently rocking up and down. Simultaneously, she pushed Deana back into a reclining position, and began to gently caress and knead Deana's breasts.

"God I love your breasts!' Julie hissed as she felt her clit stiffen against Deana's knee. She held one orb in each palm and lightly flicked her thumbs back and forth across the nubbins of Deana's nipples.

"Oh, that feels so nice!" responded Deana as she let her own hands wander to Julie's only slightly smaller tits. "And I think your breasts are perfect! Steve does too!"

"Oh yeah, he likes my tits alright!" said Julie, "but he thinks yours are the most perfect on earth, and I'd say I have to agree. They're even better than Christie's!" With that, she bent down and took a nipple between her teeth, letter her clit slip off Deana's knee and down her shin. Both women shuddered with the new stimulation.

Julie worshipped Deana's nipples for a few minutes, letting her hands caress Deana's belly and mons to get her comfortable with touch, and occasionally slipping down to explore her clit and labia. Simultaneously, Julie fucked her own pussy up and down Deana's shin and calf, building herself toward orgasm quickly. Deana, feeling wicked, raised her foot so that her toes tickled Julie's ass on every down stroke.

"Hmmm, you're getting the hang of making love to a woman just fine, darling," Julie purred as she reached a small cum. "Sit up on the tub edge and let's take the edge off for you too."

Julie helped Deana up onto the broad rim of the tub and pushed Deana's knees apart. With no prelude at all Julie dove straight into Deana's center with her tongue, feasting on the nubbin of the clit and lapping the warm water mixed with womanly juices. Deana's head rolled back and she cried out as her body jerked once, twice, and then a third time with the waves of the orgasm that overtook her.

Deana was breathing hard as she opened her eyes to see Julie's smiling green eyes, framed by damp curls of red hair looking deep into her own.

"Was that nice?" Julie asked coyly.

"Oh, yes!" said Deana, catching her breath and reaching to bring Julie's lips to her own. They shared yet another deep kiss, with Deana tasting her own juices on Julie's lips, then Julie pulled back once again.

"Now that we have the edge off, let's get you cleaned and fluffed for the main event!" said Julie, pulling her playmate back into the peppermint swirl of the tub. They bathed and splashed a while longer, then dried each other with huge fluffy towels. Then Julie led Deana to the bidet.

"Let's rinse you well, and use the douche fitting to ensure we've got you thoroughly clean," Julie told Deana, as she adjusted the water temperature on the bidet. "Rule Number Three: don't mess around with germs, they can cause shock and hang around long after playtime is done. I'll be thoroughly cleaning the gloves too, even though Steve always sterilizes toys before putting them away." She then helped Deana rinse, switched places, and rinsed herself thoroughly.
