 Nic came home from work and greeted her lover with a warm hug and a very passionate kiss. Andrea anticipated some body numbing pleasure when she noticed the gleam in her girlfriend's eyes as she beckoned her to the bedroom. She followed and was surprised when Nic grabbed her and dragged her forcefully to the closet. She was too shocked at first to struggle and by the time her mind ordered her body to do so Nic already had one hand secured to the sturdy metal rod at the top of the closet. She tried to get away but her efforts were futile. Nic laughed as she got Andrea's other wrist shackled. "I warned you. I said if you want to be naughty you'll suffer the consequences. Now you see you should have believed me. So be a good little bitch and stop struggling." Nic said in a voice smooth and sweet as warmed honey. 

Andrea yelled at her, threatened to deny her sex for months to come but Nic merely grinned as she bent and secured Andrea's ankles. She put the cuffs on and connected them to long ties that were also secured to the rods above. Andrea began to get really upset and her threats became more erratic. Panic was welling in her. Nic seemed almost possessed and Andrea felt fear creeping in. She felt almost like she didn't know the person standing in front of her surveying her handy work. As though reading her mind Nic spoke again. Her voice was very gentle and loving, the voice Andrea was used to hearing, the voice of the woman she had fallen in love with. "Don't be afraid Sweetbaby. You know I love you and am not going to do anything too bad to you. Now we need to come up with a safety word for you, in case you really can't take something I'm doing I'll know you really mean stop. So what shall our safety word be?"

"How about fuck you?" Andrea offered venomously.

"Tsk, tsk. Such a stubborn little cunt. It's a shame, I was hoping we wouldn't have to plug that pretty mouth of yours up but apparently I overestimated your understanding of this situation. Luckily I have just the thing for you." Nic said coolly. She left the small room and Andrea ran through the type of revenge she'd be taking, contemplated never speaking to her lover again. 

Nic returned a little while later. She was naked save for a thickly strapped harness that housed a nine inch python in a menacing jet black. She held a medium sized bag that she set on the floor. She said nothing as she began methodically removing every item of clothing that hung in the closet. "You know I tested these bars over a dozen times to make sure they were strong enough. They do just fine but we won't take any chances." Nic said conversationally as she began removing all the articles of clothing that hung on either side of Andrea binds. When the rods were bare Nic returned and opened the bag. She said nothing as she pulled out a ball gag. 

"You'll never get that shit in my mouth." Andrea said with a sneer. Nic looked up at her and grinned. 

"Won't I?" She said straightening and walking toward Andrea. One hand was behind her back and Andrea narrowed her eyes as she tried to anticipate what Nic was up to. 

Nic stood in front of her lover and brought her hand from behind her back to reveal a clothes pin. The pincher part was padded and Nic applied it to Andrea's nose quickly. Andrea held her breath for an impressively long time but eventually she needed to breathe and her mouth opened. Nic shoved the ball in and removed the pin. She fastened the gag behind Andrea's head and smiled at the look she had created. Andrea's full lips were open in a perfect O shape. "Very good." She whispered. Andrea grumbled something unintelligible and Nic was pleased with how well the gag worked. "Now for your safety word…guess it doesn't matter since you want to be belligerent. You can't talk anyway so I guess we won't need a safety word for you." Nic said. Andrea's eyes widened and she shook her head emphatically. Nic ignored her as she returned to her bag. She pulled out a blindfold that looked as though it would cover half Andrea's face. Nic applied it and Andrea calmed as she accepted her fate. 

Nic stood in front of her saying nothing. Her fingers slid over Andrea's arm and she jerked away. "Aww is my bad little bitch mad at her man?" Nic cooed. Her fingers deftly undid the buttons of Andrea's shirt then parted the material to reveal her breasts. She undid one of Andrea's wrists and removed the sleeve of her shirt and the strap of her bra before re-shackling her lover. She moved to the other arm and repeated the process. Andrea now stood shirtless. The tops of her breasts were exposed and Nic leaned forward and placed gentle kisses on the exposed flesh. Andrea's breath caught despite herself. Nic's hands continued to move over her upper body. The caresses were soft and Andrea found herself relaxing. Nic reached behind her and undid Andrea's bra letting the material fall to the floor. Her warm breath tickled over Andrea's steadily heating skin and Andrea moaned around her gag as Nic's tongue came out to slip over Andrea's nipple. The peak hardened before Nic's eyes. 

Andrea's fingers clutched into fists as Nic began sucking her nipples with more force and for a longer period of time. Her tongue ring danced over the aching points sending shockwaves of arousal sliding through Andrea's body before settling between her legs. She grew wet quickly and groaned when Nic pulled back. Her feet were unhooked one at a time and Nic removed her shorts and panties. Nic re-hooked the first ankle cuff then began pulling the tether that connected to the rod until Andrea's left leg was nearly waist high in the air. Again panic began to fill her and she started to struggle. "Relax or I bring out the whip." Nic barked in a very stringent voice. Andrea stilled immediately. Nic repeated the process with Andrea's right leg until she was suspended in the air. "Good girl." Nic said her voice gentle again. 

She was now naked and held three feet above the floor. Nic knelt in front of her girlfriend studying her wet pussy. "It seems all your protesting is just an act darlin. You're quite wet. Your pussy is throbbing for me already isn't it?" Nic whispered close to Andrea's pulsing hole. "I'd like very much to be able to hear you cum for me. I'm feeling generous because of this. Can you be a good little slut and not start yelling at me again?" Andrea nodded slowly and Nic removed her gag. 

"Safe word." She said. Nic looked down at her and tilted her head.

"Did I tell you to speak?" She inquired. Andrea shook her head. She couldn't see anything but knew Nic was close. "Your safe word is master. Repeat it back to me." Nic instructed.

"Master." Andrea said softly. Nic placed her lips against Andrea's and kissed her lover passionately. They were both breathless by time it ended. Nic moved back down between Andrea's legs. 

She knelt before Andrea and used her fingertips to separate the lips of Andrea's engorged sex. Her tongue came out to lap gently at the wetness that had built there. Her tongue stud tapped against Andrea's clit further inflaming her body. She moaned throatily, her breathing becoming immediately erratic. She crested in a hard clutching torrent, the sensation further intensified by the fact that she was suspended without any purchase. Her fingernails dug into her palm and her toes curled as she struggled through the orgasm. Nic stood and went back to her bag. She withdrew a feather and Andrea could hear her moving as her labored breathing calmed. "What are you doing?" She inquired. Her answer was a sharp slap to her ass.

"Did I tell you to say anything? Did I give you permission to question me?" Nic snapped. Andrea shook her head no and winced as Nic slapped her ass again. "Do not make me have to tell you this again." Nic said close to her ear. Again her voice was calm, soothing, reassuring. Andrea nodded immediately, simultaneously angered by the treatment she was getting and aroused. 

Nic took one of Andrea's breasts in her hand. She rolled the nipple between her thumb and forefinger before pinching it. Andrea gasped at the near pain. Nic clamped something onto her nipple. It squeezed tightly but was rubber tipped so it didn't hurt too much. She followed suit with the other nipple then set something on her stomach. Wires tickled her breasts and it took a moment for her to realize they were attached to the nipple clamps. Nic grinned to herself as she put the clamps vibrator on the lowest setting. It was quiet as a mouse as it hummed sending little jolts of electric pleasure through Andrea. She moaned again and Nic took her position between Andrea's splayed thighs. She enjoyed this level of access as she gripped the thick shaft she wore and lined it up at Andrea's entrance. 

Andrea's world had narrowed down to this small room shrouded in darkness. The blindfold Nic had her wearing was so efficient she had no idea if the closet light was on or not. She felt the monster Nic wore pushing into her tight entrance and willed herself to relax and take it. Nic grunted as her progress was halted by the ring of muscles at Andrea's opening. She applied steady pressure until finally they gave way allowing the bulbous head and two inches of the enormous shaft in. Andrea's back arched as her breath left her in a rush. "There we go. That's a good girl take that big fat dick." Nic said. She withdrew slightly then pushed forward again burying another two inches in Andrea. 

"Oh God!" Andrea cried out. Nic raised the vibration on her nipples up another level and she moaned raggedly. Nic continued moving her hips slowly until she had the dildo buried to the root in Andrea. 

"See? I knew my bitch could take all of my meat." Nic said as she tightened her grip on Andrea's hips. She began moving in and out of Andrea's pussy watching as Andrea grew wetter with each stroke. Her legs trembled beneath Nic's hands and she grinned. She stimulated Andrea's clit lightly teasing her.

Andrea's mind raced as she tried to process the different sensations. The humming on her nipples was divine she knew but she couldn't seem to focus on any one stimulus. Nic was filling her as never before and it was so borderline. Her thrusts came faster and heavier and Andrea felt her orgasm building deep inside of her. Her walls clutched at the thick intruder every time Nic withdrew as though they didn't want it to leave. Nic's warm hands were strong as they kept her steady. 

Just as Andrea was ready to explode, Nic withdrew and Andrea cried out in frustration. Nic returned to her bag and withdrew a slim digital camera. She clicked a picture of Andrea's open cunt, the angry red lips showcasing her arousal. She put the camera back then moved back up to Andrea's breasts. She put the vibration back down to its minimal setting, as well as replaced the ball gag. She fastened a collar around Andrea's neck and tethered it to the bars so Andrea's head rested even with her body. "I'll be back." Nic said then exited the closet. She turned the light off and closed the door.

Now Andrea remained suspended in the air. She had no idea how long Nic had been gone or when she would return. Her pussy was still thrumming for release but she had no way of getting the stimulation needed to achieve it. Her nipple clamps were on a low enough setting that the vibration felt good and kept her hot but was not enough alone to bring her to orgasm. She couldn't even cry out and beg Nic to return and finish fucking her because of the gag in her mouth. Her lover had obviously spent some time planning this shit out. 

Nic stood in the living room in her harness calming herself down. It was so hot, she'd never dreamed it would go so well. It had taken more restraint than she'd anticipated needing to pull out before Andrea came. Still, she reminded herself, this was supposed to be somewhat of a punishment and if she got Andrea off every time she wanted to, she would lose her edge. So she left and paced the living room, trying not to stare at the clock. It had been nearly an hour. She downed the last of her drink then returned to the bedroom. She turned on the closet light and opened the door. Andrea's open legs greeted her and she grinned. "Did my dirty girl miss me?" Nic inquired softly. She removed the gag and Andrea nodded yes. Her throat was dry and Nic lifted her head to give her a little water. Andrea licked her lips grateful and Nic set the water down. 

Nic pulled a butt plug out of her bag along with some lubricant. "Is your pussy still throbbing for me?"

"Yes." Andrea practically whispered.

"I know. It's missing the attention my dick was giving it, isn't it? Does my little whore want her twat stuffed again?"

"Yes, please, fuck me." Andrea begged then. Nic laughed as she ran her fingertip along Andrea's soaked slit. Andrea moaned as she tried to push her hips forward to make more solid contact. Her restraints prevented her from moving more than half an inch and she groaned in frustration. Nic pulled her hand back and tsked at Andrea.

"Uh, uh, uh. I've got a surprise for you." Nic said applying a generous amount of lube to her finger. She stroked Andrea's asshole then pushed her finger inside the tight canal. Andrea moaned gutturally and Nic took a minute to master herself. When she was sure she wouldn't cum on herself, she began stroking in and out of Andrea's ass. She added more lubricant then introduced a second finger. When she had three fingers moving easily in and out she lubed up the plug then pushed it in. It slid in with ease and Nic left it there as she went to clean her fingers off. She returned to Andrea a couple minutes later and hooked up the attachment to the plug. "Feel good?" Nic inquired as the plug was pushed a little deeper inside her as Nic hooked up the other part to it. 

"Yes." Andrea practically hissed. The anal stimulation was amazing but it was still not enough to make her cum. 

"Well you're going to love this." She said as she began pumping. She'd gotten the butt plug off the internet intrigued by its function. As she squeezed the pump the butt plug began expanding. Andrea moaned pitifully as she was stretched. It was no wider than three of Nic's fingers but felt twice the size. When Nic was satisfied with it she detached the pump and thrust two fingers into Andrea's pussy. She was still wet but her time alone had begun to dry her up and Nic needed her soaked if she was going to put the dildo back in her. 

Andrea cried out at the sudden sensory overload. Her pussy gripped Nic's fingers trying to suck them even deeper into her. Nic obliged by pounding Andrea's yielding pussy with her fingers. Again she brought Andrea to the brink of orgasm then pulled back. "Fuck!" Andrea practically screamed. She bit her lower lip waiting to be yelled at for her outburst but Nic said nothing. She licked her fingers clean then knelt before Andrea and began teasing her mercilessly. Her full lips suckled Andrea's throbbing clit but never for longer than ten seconds. She kept Andrea riding the fine edge of her orgasm until Andrea was begging for release. 

Unable to take anymore herself Nic stood and positioned the enormous dong at her entrance. She pushed forward, meeting the same resistance from the muscles at Andrea's entrance. When the head passed them and the dick slid forward quickly Andrea erupted. Her orgasm started deep within her and rippled outward until she felt it tingling through her entire body. She screamed wordlessly as her body bucked. Nic gripped her hips tightly to hold her still. She continued pushing into Andrea until it was completely submerged. She pounded into her lover with fast hard strokes. Andrea was beyond words. Her brain seemed to be misfiring and she couldn't focus. Part of her registered that Nic was still moving in and out of her but it was almost as though it were happening to someone else now. Everything was surreal and hazy. Nic began stimulating her clit adding another source of pleasure to all the others. She turned the vibration up to maximum on Andrea's nipples and resumed slamming into her. 

Andrea strained against her tethers wishing she could grip Nic's hair, or wrap her arms around her lover's neck and hold on. The next orgasm blotted out everything when it peaked and it wasn't until she came to that Andrea realized she'd passed out. She became aware of her surroundings slowly. She was once again on her feet, the nipples clamps and butt plug had been removed. There was a delicious soreness to her pussy and she rested her head against what she assumed was the back wall of the closet. Her arms were still tied up but must have gotten some relief from the elevation temporarily when Nic had taken her down and turned her around. 'How long was I out?' She wondered to herself. She could hear nothing, could see nothing and strained to see if she could detect her girlfriend in the bedroom. "Welcome back." Nic said near her ear. Andrea jumped slightly.

Nic squatted behind Andrea and bit the soft globes of her ass. "You looked great stuffed." Nic said. Andrea said nothing and cried out a moment later when a paddle struck her ass. "It's polite to say thank you when you're given a compliment." Nic admonished.

"Thank you."

"You're very welcome. My time is winding down so I'm going to give you an option. You can take nine inches in your pussy, or you can take seven inches up the ass." Nic offered. Andrea clenched her buttocks and found her ass to be pleasantly sore. She knew as good as it would feel, she'd pay hard for more anal penetration tomorrow. 

"Fuck my pussy." She replied. Nic nodded already having known what her girlfriend would choose. 

Nic stepped up behind her and positioned the thickly veined dick at her entrance. She pushed in, filling Andrea causing her to moan. She was pressed against the wall, the hardness against her sensitized nipples almost overwhelming. Nic thrust up into her hard and established a ruthless pace. Her hand gripped a fistful of Andrea's hair and pulled her head back. Her thrusts were heavy and Andrea's legs trembled. "Now bitch, the next time I tell you not to do something I want you to think about what you've experienced here tonight and I want you to ask yourself is doing it worth spending another night in here." Nic instructed gruffly as she fought off her own orgasm. Andrea said nothing as she crested. Her ass pressed back against Nic as she shook uncontrollably. 

When it was over Nic withdrew slowly. She stroked her own clit beneath the strap on until she came, her lips close to Andrea's ear so she could enjoy the sounds Nic made as she erupted. Andrea moaned with her at the heady sound of Nic's sex husky voice. Nic kissed her girlfriend's shoulder softly, returning to her normal tenderness. She unhooked Andrea and helped her to the bed. Andrea collapsed onto the king sized mattress, shudders still wracking her body. Nic pulled the covers over her girl and went to clean up and return the clothing to the closet. By the time she returned to bed, Andrea was deeply asleep. Nic slipped beneath the covers behind her and Andrea pulled her arm tighter around her in her state of slumber. Nic kissed her girlfriend's neck and drifted off to sleep.