 It all began with Terri. At least that is the name she gave to my secretary. I was in my office on a normal Tuesday workday - which means that I was only juggling three crisis situations that were all getting ready to explode and put the company out of business - when my secretary came in to say that a woman named Terri was waiting outside and said that she had to see me on an urgent matter. My secretary also added as a side comment, "she's really something". I completed a couple of quick phone calls, put off a meeting for a half hour and asked my secretary, via the intercom, to send her in.

The secretary was right. As she walked in wearing heels and a nondescript, bulky trench coat it was still quite obvious that she was a knockout. Brunet, about twenty-five, perfect face and makeup and no doubt without even seeing it, the figure was terrific also.

I closed the door to my office, seated her on the settee and sat down myself across a coffee table from her. She declined any refreshments, saying she would only need a couple of minutes of my time. She said that she was just a delivery person and was here to issue me an invitation which she handed to me across the coffee table. I opened an engraved invitation, done in obviously expensive printing which contained the artwork of a side view, very sensuous, of a nude woman. I was invited, by name, for the weekend, the coming Saturday, for two days of "Carnal Delight". The invitation from "THE CLUB" was printed with each line being in slightly smaller type. This forced each line to be read at a slightly slower speed and to be looked at more closely to read the small print. It said not to bring any special clothing as all needed costumes - which got my imagination going immediately - would be supplied. It ended with the address of a spa about an hour's drive from my home that I had heard of but never visited.

Having almost buried my face in the invitation to read the fine print I looked up to ask Terri what the joke, or the sales pitch was and found myself looking at Terri, standing directly in front of me, now minus the coat, wearing only her heels and perfume. Her figure was even more spectacular than I had imagined. I was literally dumbstruck looking at this terrific looking creature. Before I could even think to ask she said than any fees were taken care of and would this Saturday fit into my schedule? I could only nod that it would. Terri said she was glad because for the weekend she would be mine to command. She picked up and put on her coat and was out the door before I could recover my wits enough to even think of asking any questions.

Later when my secretary asked what was going on I mumbled about an insurance sales pitch that I hadn't been interested in and left it at that. But for the three days left in the week I had a terrible time trying to concentrate on work. I tried looking up the phone number of the spa and found it to be an unlisted number. While I was really concerned that there might be something going on that would have my safety jeopardized, even to the point of leaving a letter at my home with the address to which I was going, after seeing Terri there was no way I wouldn't follow up on the invitation.

It seemed forever but Saturday finally arrived. From the time, early in the morning til eleven when I got in my car for the one hour's drive I was a nervous wreck. No packing to do, no last minute arrangements, just wait. My tension, sexual and otherwise was so high that I must have tried to talk myself out of going a hundred times. But I was also so excited I couldn't help myself. Finally the time came and I drove up into the foothills to arrive at the beautiful building nestled against the hills at the end of its long private drive.

As I walked into the reception area I saw Terri, along with several other women, all of them extremely good looking, sitting along the side. She spotted me and jumped up with obvious delight that I was there. She gave me a quick hug, took me by the hand and said she would show me to our room. (I liked her use of the word our). As we walked past the other women on our way to the staircase she said not to worry as I would meet all of them "at the bacchanal". Her tone was completely casual and chit-chatty while my feelings were those of both curiosity and excitement.

Terri took me upstairs and down the hall to a gorgeous suite. Huge living room, monstrous bedroom with a king-size circular bed on a raised platform, indirect lighting, sunken tub that was big enough to swim in, the works. After showing me the suite she said that I was much too tense for a relaxing weekend and that a massage was definitely in order. She dialed a number on the phone, gave the person on the other end of the line my height and weight (she was right on in both estimates) and said we would be right down. She helped me out of my clothing and helped me into a semi-transparent toga style wrap that had obviously been picked out as my size. She led me to a full length mirror, let me look at myself while complimenting how nice I looked, knelt to help me into small slippers and took me down the hall for my massage.

We went via elevator to a lower level, walked past the dimly lit indoor pool into the massage room. It too was a large room, kept very dark. I could barely see as Terri led me over to my masseuse (can you believe it, her name really was Helga!) who led me over to the massage table. But it was different than any I had ever seen. It was obviously made for only a woman to use as it was actually a body shaped depression to lie in, face down. The whole specially constructed table was elevated about waist high, completely padded, with the legs positioned and held wide apart so that the masseuse could actually walk into the area between my legs. The padded area to lay my face into was also a steam moisture hood. Helga and Terri helped me out of my gown and up the steps onto the table. As I lowered myself down onto the table each woman gently held one of my breasts to slowly fit it into the depression made to hold it. Because it fit like a glove, matching the sizes that Terri had called in ahead of time, I was in total comfort. The dark lighting and soft, relaxing music were wonderful. The gentle steam that came up around my face was lightly and pleasantly scented. With her lips by my ear Helga said very softly, in her distinct German accent, that she would now turn on the tingly and then we would begin my massage.

A few seconds later I found that "the tingly" was a very low level of vibration felt at my nipples and between my legs. I must have jerked my body in surprise but Helga had already begun to rub the muscles in the back of my neck so I just relaxed into luxury. This began an hour of complete muscular relaxation and ever building, ever more intense sexual mental tension. Helga's ministrations to my body were so wonderful and slow and steady. But the vibrations on the most sensitive parts of my body were insistent even as they were just barely perceptible. As I became more aroused I couldn't resist trying to push my hips into the vibration. Terri was back, taking my hands, rubbing them, kissing them, sucking on the tips of my fingers, softly whispering to me to relax myself all over. To feel only Helga's fingers working all over my body.

I complied with her request but, if anything, it only increased my sexual tension even as I became physically more and more relaxed. Very vaguely in the background I heard other noises in the large room that led me to believe that other women were being brought in to also receive a massage from other masseuses.

Helga ever so slowly worked her way around all of me. She would apply a soothing lotion to my skin and then rub it slowly in. I was massaged literally everywhere. My scalp, around my ears, forehead, everywhere. After what had to be an hour she stepped into the area between my legs to slowly but powerfully work the muscles in my backside. As she pushed my hips down the area that was vibrating between my legs would be pushed in and I would feel it even more. As she would relax backwards her fingertips would lightly brush over my pussy and ass. I involuntarily would try to spread my legs farther apart but the body shaped cavity wouldn't let me. My muscles relaxed further and I was going out of my mind with unfulfilled lust.

Terri again took my hand and softly asked if I was ready for the insertion device. I had no idea what she was specifically referring to but all I could say was "God, Yes!"

Helga had taken more of the lotion on her hands and then applied it directly to my pussy and ass. She tenderly but deliberately lubricated me well into my pussy, which was already gushing and well up my ass. Terri then said that they were going to turn me over and onto the other table. They helped me to slowly rise up enough to roll me over onto a table which was also soft and actually seemed to be a swing suspended by straps from the ceiling. I heard the other table being wheeled away but the towel that had been placed over my eyes kept me from seeing any of my surroundings. I realized my table was gently swinging back and forth which was an even more relaxing sensation. Helga then continued my massage as she worked her way over the rest of my body with her slow and powerful strokes. I was so sexually frustrated by this time that I was trying to move my legs further apart to make it obvious where I wanted to be massaged. I didn't care how many other people might be observing me in the large room. But Helga continued as if unaware of my readiness. Softly, however, Terri whispered in my ear to wait, to be patient and that it would be worth

it.

The towel was placed over my face leaving me only able to feel and not see my surroundings. I was lying on my back, gently swaying from the ceiling. Helga applied lotion to my breasts and spread the lubrication all over them. She then fitted on what felt like a warm plastic bra that completely cupped my breasts into the device.

The other part is even more difficult to describe as I never saw it but could only feel. Terri lifted my legs up at the knees. With Terri holding up my legs, fully exposing me, Helga slipped me into and then pulled up my legs what felt to be a pair of panties, except they were of some kind of plastic that was somewhat flexible and padded in all the right places. Except it was much more. As the "panties" were pulled up around my hips, Helga slowly worked in the "insertion devices" into both my pussy and ass. I felt two cocks come into me simultaneously. Not painfully big and not painfully hard but after they were brought into my well lubricated pussy and ass, I was totally and completely filled. There was also some kind of pad that lay directly on my clit. She lowered my legs and hips back down onto the softly swaying bed.

Terri came up beside me to move the towel over my face. She kept it covering my eyes but exposed my lips. She slowly lowered her face to mine to kiss me. Her tongue tip explored the inside of my mouth. In my hands she placed two cylinders that had cords running out of them. She said ever so softly, "The one in your left is for your breasts, the other for your hips. When you're through just drop them both to the floor and I will come and get you. I'm going to cover you now with a silk sheet. Enjoy".

She covered me with the sheet. Hiding me from the direct view of anyone that might be in the large room. I found very quickly that the cylinders were controls for the vibration devices that were attached to me. I could vary the amount of stimulation from "the tingly" I had been suffering for the last hour to a powerful throb that would finally ease the tension that had been building so steadily within me. For the next - well I actually don't have any idea how long - but I spent over an hour giving myself in to the intense pleasure that I could completely control. In the background of my senses I think I heard similar sounds of release cuming from other corners of the large room. My body rode wave upon wave of total lust.

Finally the sexual tension turned into relaxation to match the rest of my body and, totally spent, I released the controls to let them drop to the floor and to sink into a deep, dreamless sleep.

TO BE CONTINUED...

#