 I went to a very exclusive boarding school with a very unusual secret that not many people know about (including the parents).

Up until the sixth form everything was very normal, the standard lessons and exams and school dramas.

Everything changed in the sixth form, which was housed in a separate building, at the back of the campus, the other side of the sports pitches. Once you were in the sixth, you rarely went back over to the rest of the school. We had separate teachers, classrooms and dorms. In the first year of sixth there were normal lessons but a growing sense of something else, it wasn't until upper that things really got interesting.

At the end of term in Lower there was a big party for the leaving Uppers which always got pretty wild. Of course this was really a test for the lowers to see who would be asked into the special club for the next year.

I had heard rumours of what went on, not just drinking and late parties but there was talk of sex and orgies if you made in to the 'club'. And not just between the students, certain teachers were involved too. By the time the end of term party rolled round, I was desperate to get in on the 'club'. I had had a few, largely uneventful dalliances during lower and was gagging for more, with people who knew what they were doing.

On the night of the party I dressed carefully, sheer stockings and sexy but not slutty underwear. A short denim skirt and a tight top that revealed just enough of my ample, pert cleavage. Everyone was excited and the girls had been whispering all week about what might happen that night.

The hall was set up for the party, with loud music, decorations and lights. There was food laid out on a table at the back and a selection of drinks. People were milling around in their party clothes, chatting and flirting and having a good time. By about 10.00pm I'd had a couple of drinks and was feeling great. I noticed that people were starting to separate off into smaller groups and I had found myself chatting and dancing with Melonie, one of the most popular and beautiful of the Uppers. If the rumours were true she was head girl in the club. We were dancing pretty close to a smooth R&B song, her hips moving in time with the music and swaying towards me. Her long brown hair was loose and her lips shiny red. As our bodies came closer together I thought how hot she was. After a few minutes dancing very close together, almost grinding against one another she leaned in to my ear and whispered, 'Do you want to get some air hun'?' 

I said sure, and we headed out of the hall to the patio area that overlooked the rest of the school. As we left the room I noticed more couples of lowers and uppers forming, with those that were rumoured to be 'club' members moving in on certain lowers. 

It was a warm night and we sat on one of the benches, while Melonie told me about where she was going to uni next year and her course. We were sat close together and she was gently running her fingers along my leg. I could feel myself getting excited.

'Of course, leaving the club will be sad,' She was watching my face intently, 'But, it's time to move on and let some new blood enjoy it.' Her hand was resting half way up my thigh, just under the hem of my skirt, I shifted slightly in my seat and moved my hand on to her leg.

'Who do you think the new blood will be Mel?'

Her hand moved up my leg, edging towards my underwear which I knew would be damp, 'That depends, on who is good enough,' her lips were moving closer to mind, 'wanna see if you might be?'

I had often thought about other women, what it would be like to kiss them and caress their breasts and how their pussies would taste. Now was finally the chance to try it... and with the most beautiful girl in the school! And if the club was everything I had heard, a group of hot people who participated in wild sex parties, I was definitely going to see if I was good enough!

I leaned forward to meet her mouth, pressing hard against it and pushing my tongue between her lips. I was going to give this everything I had. I was going to get in to that club, what ever it took!

We kissed for a few minutes, hands moving up each other's thighs until her long fingers brushed against my lacy knickers and she pulled away from my mouth.

'Well Babe, we don't just let anyone in the 'club'. You look good enough, but can you perform?'

I tried to kiss her again but she pulled her head back, 'First thing's first, are you a dirty girl? do you like to fuck?' 

I nodded, 'I certainly do. But I wanna fuck more then just spotty teen boys....'

'That's good, have you fucked a girl yet?'

I swallowed, 'Not yet, but I've been desperate to try, just the thought makes my pussy throb.'

'Good good. You sound as if it you might have what it takes. There are a number of rules to the club, but you don't need to know about them just yet, instead I think it's time to test your skills.'

Suddenly she stood up and slid her tight black skirt down her legs, revealing stockings, a suspender belt and tiny thong. She slowly lowered the thong as well, giving me my first up close view of another woman's pussy. She was shaved, apart from a very thin strip of dark hair at the top. Once the thong reached the ground she sat back down on the bench and spread her legs wide apart. 'Make me cum. Quickly!' She demanded.

For a moment I didn't move. Here was one of the hottest girls I'd ever seen presenting her pussy for me to pleasure, my heart was pounding! I took a depth breath to calm myself and slid off the bench and between her legs.

Gently I parted her smooth lips and looked at her pink folds, with a little clit poking out. I leaned in and took my first lick of her delicious cunt. I had tasted my own juices will masturbating and always found them fairly nondescript, but she tasted wonderful. Slowly I licked up and down her cunt, parting the inner flaps with my tongue and finding a rhythm. It was harder then I thought it would be to get in to the swing of it, but once I heard her moan for the first time I settled in to it and began to focus on her pleasure. I swirled my tongue around her clit and then down to catch some of the steady flow of juices coming from her hole, then back to the clit. Soon she was moaning loudly, and as I licked and sucked harder I decided to slip two fingers into her wet cunt. Moving them in and out in time with my tongue I felt her hands in my hair, pushing my face deeper into her. "Oh yeah, yes, fuck. Keep going. Make me cum!' moaned. I increased the speed and sucked harder on her clit and then felt her cunt contracted around my fingers as she moaned "Oooooooooooh yessssss.' I slurped up the juice that gushed from her cunt on to my hand as I gave an orgasm to a women for the first time. As her panting subsided, I pulled my fingers out of her and licked them clean.

'How was that babe?' I asked, looking up at her, with cunt juice drying on my face.

'Honey,' She said huskily, 'I have a feeling you are definitely going to be in the Club.' 

Mel pulled my face up to hers and kissed me.

'Now Ellie, if you are going to make it into the club you're going to have to do more than just that. But first things first, you CANNOT tell anyone about this. Lowers must not find out who will by in the club next year until initiation. If you talk to anyone about this, you will be struck off our potentials list. Got it?'

"Absolutely. I want in the club bad, I'm not going to ruin it!'

'Good. Now there is one week until the end of term. Until then you will be asked, by me, and only me to do one thing each day to prove you are worth of club membership. You must do them all or else no membership.' I nodded 'I will leave you a note in your pigeon hole each day with instructions. Don't worry about reporting back to me, I will know if you have achieved your task or not. And if you do them all, on Saturday, before you leave you will recieve confirmation of club membership.Understand?'

'Yes. And I wont let you down!'

'That's the attitude we like in the club. Well done tonight, you certainly proved you can eat pussy. Now remember, don't tell anyone.'

Then she stood up, pulled up her skirt and left.

I sat on the bench for a few minutes trying to imagine what might be in store for me over the next week.

It turned out to be far better then I ever imagined!

Despite staying up late that night thinking about the club and reliving the experience of going down on Mel I woke early the next day, eager to find out what was in store for me.

After breakfast I stopped to check my pigeon hole on the way back to my room, and there was a note for Mel. 

I slipped it in to my pocket and hurried back. Sitting on my bed I read my instructions:

Ellie Rowlands

Day 1.

Today you will wear the shortest skirt you own and NO underwear.

In first period Maths and 4 period French you will clearly expose yourself to the teacher and play with your yourself for at least 2 minutes. They MUST see you touching yourself.

I read the note twice to make sure I was clear on the instructions and hadn't misread them in my eagerness. Although in the Sixth we had no uniform, we were still expected to look smart and generally short skirts were frowned upon, so this was quite risky. I knew that a number of teachers were part of the club, but there were also some that definitely would disapprove of a very short skirt, let a lone a short skirt and no knickers.

On the other hand, the idea thrilled me. I had often fantasised about getting caught masturbating and had even done it in a few slightly risky places (well the school showers, but that seemed risky enough at the time!) As I searched my chest of draws for my short denim skirt I suddenly had another thought. The teachers that had to watch me must be in the club too!

Mr Jackson was my maths teacher and was certainly very handsome. His was one of the names that had often come up in club rumours, so I wasn't very surprised, but Ms Blanche my french teacher wasn't what I was expecting. She was quite severe, always wearing knee length pencil skirts and white shirts. She was strict on homework and rather frightening, her lesson was going to be a challenge!

I changed quickly from the black trousers I had been wearing in to the denim skirt, leaving my knickers behind and feeling grateful I had shaved before the party. Taking a deep breath I hurried over to the maths classroom.

Mr Jackson was already sat at his desk, in a dark blue shirt open at the neck and jeans. There was a list of problems on the board and as we walked in he instructed us to complete them as quickly as we could. Feeling rather bold I tried to meet his eye but couldn't, so sat in my usual place, near the back and slightly to the left. From there no one else would be able to see what I was doing, but neither would he. 

I set about my work, but my mind was focused on how I was going to complete my task, I was desperate to get into the club and wasn't going to fall at the first hurdle. After about 15 minutes Mr Jackson got about began to walk around the class asking people if they needed help, before eventually stopping and leaning against the door, putting him in the perfect spot to watch me. Slowly I uncrossed my legs and spread them. I could feel myself blushing as I kept my head down to give the appearance of working, but I knew he was watching.

I slid my left hand of the desk and on to my thigh, gradually moving it up to my exposed pussy. I ran a finger along my lips, gently opening them to let him see me properly. There was a breeze in the classroom from the open window which I could feel tickling me as I began to rub around my erect clit. I could feel myself growing wetter, not just from my fingers, but because of the excitement. I rubbed harder, but not too much I didn't want to accidentally let out a moan of pleasure. I didn't want to look up either just in case, so I had to guess the time. After what felt like at least a minute, I moved my fingers from my clit to my wet hole, spreading my legs as wide as I could and shifting in my seat to make it easier to finger myself. I moved two fingers in and out and then back up to my clit, hoping the time was nearly up because any more and I might come. 

Suddenly Mr Jackson clapped his hands together and said 'Right time's up class. Lets go through the answers' Quickly I removed my fingers from myself and looked up. Very subtly he nodded in my direction and I knew I'd completed the challenge. 

The rest of the day until french was a bit of a blur, I was horny but nervous about Ms Blanche. For all I knew it could be a trick, she just didn't seem the club type. She rarely smiled and never joked with the class, still treating us like children. Also, her classroom was laid out in a different way which would make it harder to complete my task unnoticed.

When 4th Period came I sat in my seat quietly, and hoped, like Mr Jackson she would give me the opportunity I needed. And I was right, she did.

She told us she wanted to test our spoken french and that she would ask us to come and answer questions for 2 minutes each. So while the rest of the class completed some written exercises someone would go to the table at the side and she would quiz them. A clear chance for me to complete the task.

She called me up about half way through the lesson and as I sat down opposite her at the table, she pushed her chair back to give herself a clear view (of course no one would realise what she was doing if they didn't already know). Once again I careful unfolded my legs and began to play with my pussy for the second time that day. This was harder, all the while she asked my questions about myself that I had to answer in french. And she kept on correcting my grammar and pronunciation. It felt like a very long two minutes, and I wasn't nearly as wet as I had been in Mr Jackson's class, but I got through it and eventually dismissed with a nod and the smallest hint of a smile.

Later that day when I got back to my room, supposedly to do homework I lay back on my bed and relived the thrills of the day, just the memory of touching myself in a room full of people made my pussy drip, and finally I was allowed to make myself cum, which I did several times to relieve the tension.

I wondered what would be in store for me the next day.