 On the bright side, there were no protruding sticks or sharp rocks underneath the moist layer of mud that Ameline tripped into.

On the other hand, what was beneath the mud...was more mud. Muck splattered all over Ameline's tank top and shorts, and she could feel it splash underneath her layer of clothing as well. The arm that tried to catch her as she fell sank into the mud, with a near-complete coating from fingertip to elbow.

"You okay, Ameline?" asked Rachel, holding a hand out towards her friend.

Ameline groaned, then held out her muck-covered hand. She saw Rachel recoil a bit, but she kept her hand out, taking hold of Ameline's muddy hand while Ameline's free hand found solid ground to push herself up with. Her feet squelched in the muck, stepping free of the pool of mud as soon as she was upright.

Glancing down at herself, Ameline said, "Yeah...I guess..." She didn't feel hurt; a bit sore, but that'd pass, and she didn't feel any cuts or scrapes. Still, half of her body was dripping with mud, staining her grey tank top and beige shorts. "Dammit! Why did I let you talk me into this?"

"Well, we've been having fun so far..." Rachel said, glancing away from Ameline. "Look, let's head back to our campsite. You can wash off in the river."

"At this rate, wash away," Ameline muttered.

Not a word passed between the two as they made their way back along the trail. With each step, the mud in her sandals made splattering sounds, breaking the idyllic silence of the nature all around them. Rachel did have a point, that this trip had been fun and relaxing so far...but the mud now soaking into her favourite pair of shorts had killed that mood for now.

The two young women soon arrived back at their campsite, a pair of tents and a currently-extinguished campfire in a small clearing. That was one of the nice things about living in a small town—all of the untamed wilderness, undisturbed by man, and nowhere close to the roar of cars on the highway.

But Ameline wasn't some wild animal that had any reason to be coating herself in mud. "Can you get some of my clothes ready?" she asked Rachel. "I'm going to wash myself and my clothes off."

"You want a hand with the clothes?"

Raising an eyebrow, Ameline said, "Uh, no...do you really want to see me undressed? I'll come back when I'm done, okay? Don't come peeking on me!"

Rachel blushed, as if she were only realizing now that Ameline intended to wash herself and her clothes separately. Rachel was a cute girl; fit, a bit petite of a build in a cute way, and Ameline always had a thing for blondes. But as far as she knew, Rachel just wasn't into girls in the same way Ameline was.

"Oh...okay, of course," Rachel stammered, glancing away like she usually did when conversations became awkward. "I'll...have some dry clothes ready for you. You won't be...y'know..."

With a roll of her eyes, Ameline said, "No, I won't be waltzing through the woods without clothes on. Just have my towel and some dry clothes ready, okay?"

"Yeah, yeah," Rachel said. "Sorry about that."

"It's not your fault..." Ameline stared at Rachel for a moment longer, then glanced back to her mud-covered body. "Okay, see you in a bit."

Ameline headed through the woods, with the sound of gently-flowing water soon coming within earshot. After a minute more of pushing through the foliage, she came to the edge of the river. Her and Rachel had taken a few swims in the river already, so she knew the current wasn't that strong and the river was shallow enough for her to stand submerged up to her chest.

She took a quick look around, just to make sure Rachel hadn't followed to ask her something or that any fishers or anyone were watching, before she took off her tank top. She hadn't worn a bra underneath, and a trail of mud had run down the side of and between her modest breasts and dried to her skin. Next she took off her sandels, kicking them into the shallow water, and then took off her shorts. Her panties were quite mud-stained as well...

Sighing, she took her pile of clothes and waded into the water, her feet sinking into the soft mud beneath the water. After a few minutes, she managed to get most of the mud out of her tank top and shorts. She waded out of the water to toss them on a large rock near the shore, then went back into the water. With another quick look to make sure no one was watching, Ameline pulled off her panties and washed the mud out of them.

With her panties tossed into the dripping pile of clothes, Ameline returned into the water. A fair bit of the dried mud had broken off while she was washing her garments, but some still stained her skin. Going far enough into the water so that her breasts were half-submerged, Ameline started to rub off the dirt covering her arm and side. Once she'd gotten all of that off, she washed the mud off of her breasts, rubbing more slowly upon her delicate parts. With that done, Ameline closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and plunged her head beneath the water for a second before emerging, running her fingers through her wet auburn hair to make sure her hair wasn't all muddy.

When she opened her eyes again, she spotted someone on the opposite shore of the river.

Ameline would have screamed at the eavesdropper, but her voice froze up. She both threw her arms over her breasts and ducked a little into the water to conceal her chest, her eyes fixed on whatever perv must have been oggling her.

The longer she stared, the wider her eyes grew. The initial surprise of someone standing there had distracted her from the fact that...whoever it was...they weren't a normal person.

They were green. They looked like a human, but they were...green. Green skin, green bushy hair, green...nipples.

It was a female, clearly. And neither her crotch with a dark patch above her vagina nor her bountiful verdant breasts were covered with any clothes of any sort.

And then she spoke. "Oh, did I startle you? I apologize."

Ameline tried to make a response, but she couldn't figure out just what to say. Was this some kind of alien? Or some plant-woman? Had she been standing there watching the whole time, and Ameline just hadn't noticed with how well her colour blended into the leaves and bushes? Her voice didn't sound like what Ameline figured some pervert watching a woman bathing would sound like, as if she didn't realize she was intruding. Then again, the green woman was standing before her, completely naked herself.

Ameline stood straight up in the water, but still held her arms over her breasts. "Um...who are you?"

"Oh, you can call me Elma," the green woman said. "I'm a dryad. I presume you're a human?"

"Y...yes." A dryad? Some sort of woman of nature? "My name's...Ameline."

"Ameline. That's a pretty name. Come on over. I'd love to get to know you better."

The dryad's friendly voice and smile seemed genuine, but her naked body was a bit hard to get around. Ameline didn't want to stare directly at her, in case she looked like a perv herself. "Uh...okay," Ameline said, taking a step back. "Just let me get my clothes first..."

"Oh, you don't need them," Elma said, her smile growing wider. "It's a beautiful day. Come."

Was that a command? Elma's voice still sounded cheerful and innocent, and yet in any other case, Ameline would be concerned about someone telling her to follow without getting dressed. Perhaps dryads simply didn't wear clothes...the thought of which made Ameline more eager to learn about this strange woman.

Taking a deep breath, and one last look around to make sure no one else was around, Ameline lowered her arms and walked out of the water. She had thought of Elma's hair as bushy, not aware that it was all too accurate—her "hair" consisted of a bunch of leaves of many different sizes, creating an elegant and feminine style. Ameline's eyes went to Elma's, watching them gaze over her body from head to toe. Perhaps Elma's stare lingered on her chest, but that might have been Ameline's imagination. "Um...hello," Ameline said.

"There's no need to be shy," Elma said, holding her arms out as if she expected Ameline to step into her embrace. "Might I ask why?"

"Well, it's...I've never seen a dryad before. And...well, the whole...naked thing. You...you don't wear clothes?"

"No," stated Elma, quite bluntly. "Why do humans wear clothes, anyway?"

"To keep ourselves warm when it gets cold, and...well, for modesty. We don't walk around naked..." Ameline almost glanced down from Elma's face as she said that word, and felt her face burn up at realizing what she had almost done.

"Modesty?" Elma pursed her lips. "I don't see anything wrong with you walking around naked. You're a beautiful human, Ameline."

The compliment only made Ameline blush more. "Well...um...you're pretty too...but I mean...I wouldn't want to see some guy walking around naked, or..."

"Why not?"

Ameline glanced down towards her feet, not able to avoid a glance at Elma's breasts. The dryad's pubic "hair" was indeed a patch of leaves; Ameline kept her own neatly trimmed. "Well...some humans are attracted more to...their own gender."

"You mean, other women."

"Y-yes..."

"There's nothing wrong with that at all. You think I'm beautiful, too? Is that why you're so shy?"

There was no denying that. "Well, yes..."

Elma snickered, and Ameline forced her gaze back to Elma's face. With a smile, Elma held out a hand. "Would you like to take a quick walk in the woods with me, Ameline? I'd love to spend some more time with you."

Ameline's heart leapt in her chest. A question like that, after being asked if she found Elma attractive... That she was supposed to be heading back to camp had entirely slipped from her mind. Did she really want to wander off into the woods with a naked dryad, a dryad that had expressed attraction to her?

Still, Ameline wanted to know more. "Um, sure," she said, glancing back around the river. "Maybe I should get..."

"Don't worry about your clothes," Elma said, patting Ameline on the shoulder. "I'd love for you to come with me, just as naked as I am. I'm sure you'll understand our ways more if you experience them yourself."

The thought of what might happen was worrying. Perhaps some hiker would stumble upon her in the nude. Maybe she'd step on a stick or rock, or cut herself on a branch. And yet, in the end, Ameline's curiosity won out in the end. "Sure."

Grinning, Elma said, "Then please follow me!"

Without a moment's hesitation, Elma walked towards a trail in the woods, wandering down the path. Ameline followed, her wet feet gathering dirt all over her soles. She kept an eye out on the forest floor for sticks and rocks, stepping around them with care. Whenever she glanced to Elma, the dryad seemed to have no problem avoiding anything that might injure her feet. "I...guess you get used to walking through the woods with no shoes on."

"I've never had any trouble myself. I noticed you must have slipped yourself."

Ameline paused. "So...you were watching me, then?"

Elma stopped, glancing back with a coy smile. "Yes. As I said, you have quite the beautiful body. Why hide that from others?"

Before Ameline could think of something to say in response, Elma turned towards Ameline. "You enjoy looking at me, don't you?"

In any other situation where she found herself with a naked woman, Ameline would have looked away out of respect. Instead, she stared. The curves of Elma's body, her visible pussy lips, and of course those round, plump breasts...

"I thought as much," Elma said with a giggle. "Come. There's a pleasant clearing just nearby."

Elma continued through the woods. Ameline considered turning back for a second. Did Elma want more than just to look at Ameline? Even if that were the case, Ameline was sure Elma would respect her choice if she didn't want to go any further than just staring. Her eyes remaining on the forest floor, Ameline followed after Elma.

A thick bush stood at the end of the trail. Elma passed through, but Ameline hesitated. Perhaps dryads had tougher skin, but she didn't want a nasty cut from the branches. Stepping away from the trail, Ameline found a thinner patch of bushes to pass between.

When her eyes moved from the bushes she squeezed through to the sunlit clearing, her eyes came upon Elma, leaning against a thick tree. The sun shone upon her, making her look like a radiant beauty. Her hands were behind her back, and her chest was held out, those glorious breasts immediately drawing Ameline's eyes.

"Isn't this such an idyllic place?" asked Elma, gesturing to the clearing with one hand. "I like to bring company here whenever I meet someone interesting, like yourself."

"Company?" asked Ameline. A gentle breeze blew through the woods, brushing over her naked body. It was a pleasant, serene feeling, just like the peace of the woods.

With a smile, Elma took a step closer. "Yes. Would you lay with me, Ameline? To enjoy the comforts of nature, here in my humble abode, without anything separating your skin from the beauty of the world around you?"

Part of Ameline hoped that Elma didn't mean a specific thing with "lay"...and the other part of her just couldn't take her eyes away from Elma's chest. With a small smile, Ameline laid down on her side in the thick grass.

Elma sat next to her. "Doesn't the grass feel wonderful on your skin?" Ameline nodded. "Wouldn't you like to simply rest here with me, free as can be, without anything binding us or concealing our true beauty and desires?"

In a low voice, Ameline said, "You want to make love with me."

Elma's smile grew wider.

Who knew what would happen to a human from having sex with a dryad? She looked almost human, but was still a plant-woman. How would her kiss taste? Her lips taste? Her nipples taste? Her pussy taste?

With wide, staring eyes, Ameline nodded.

Elma crawled over Ameline's body, kneeling over her. "There's nothing to be ashamed of in gazing upon unconcealed beauty," she said, leaning over Ameline. "You have such a beautiful body yourself, and I'd hate to think of it being hidden away from the world. Hidden away from caressing embraces..."

The grass...started to feel alive. It stroked Ameline's back, brushing against her skin all over. A gasp escaped her throat. Such an alien feeling...but so pleasant and relaxing...and...

Elma lowered herself down, laying her body atop Ameline's. Her breasts pressed against Ameline's, her ample bosom feeling so much bigger than Ameline's modest breasts. Elma was so close that Ameline could smell a flowery aroma from her.

As Elma pressed her lips against Ameline's, Ameline's hands reached around Elma's back. The dryad mewled softly into Ameline's mouth as Ameline matched Elma's kiss, the two sharing a long smooch as they held each other. Elma's hand started to slide down Ameline's side, and Ameline's hand started to make its way towards the same place Elma must have had in mind.

But Elma broke her kiss away for a moment, letting out a quick giggle. "No need to worry about that. I can handle that..."

Something slender brushed against Ameline's nether lips, and she shuddered. At first she thought it was Elma's finger, but both of Elma's hands were upon her sides. It wasn't some sexual organ, was it?

"It's just a vine," the dryad said, giggling. "Let them have their way, while we..."

Her lips pressed against Ameline's again, stifling the moan that came when that vine pushed between Ameline's lower lips. A short length grazed up and down, teasing her clit each time it drew near. Ameline held Elma tight against her, their lips locked, her body rocking slowly in time with the vine.

Just as the vine started to creep deeper into Ameline, a second slipped in. Ameline sighed into Elma's lips, closing her eyes mere moments before a third vine pushed into her. This one felt thicker than the others, and it slid deeper into her pussy than the first, while the other two vines creeped around the edge of her vagina, grazing against her clit.

Ameline broke her lips away from Elma's. "Are...are those really vines?" she asked, her eyes glancing downwards.

With a giggle, Elma pushed herself up a bit. Her breasts dangled before Ameline's gaze, but Ameline could see the vines inserted in her pussy...and another set of vines stuffed into Elma's.

Before she could remark on either...the thick vine inside of her started to thrust. The smaller vines teased about the lips of her pussy and her clit, and Ameline laid her head back against the grass. Every inch of her back was being caressed, almost tickled by the grass beneath her, only adding to the warmth building in her groin.

Elma inched forward, her breasts dangling over Ameline's face. Without hesitation, Ameline started to lick and kiss the dryad's right nipple, with one hand still stroking Elma's side and the other reaching up to grope the dryad's plump tit. Elma's hands stroked her side and her hair, but Ameline could barely register anything but the vines thrusting and teasing in her vagina. She was so good at this...

Before Ameline knew it, Elma lifted away, sliding herself down Ameline's body to her left breast. The vines started to work faster as the dryad started to lap at Ameline's nipple, her hands stroking the sides of each of Ameline's breasts. Any hint of modesty was discarded as Ameline started to moan. "Ohh...Elma..."

The dryad switched nipples, kissing and pecking at Ameline's right breast. Whimpers escaped from Elma's lips, and soon Ameline was panting. She closed her eyes, spreading her legs wider as if to help the vines work—and as if understanding her cue, began to thrust and teasing faster, the small vines focusing on her clit while both of her breasts were tended to...

Ameline didn't even think of keeping quiet, letting out a sharp moan as her juices gushed out around the vines. Her cries descended to soft moans, the flaring ecstasy in her groin subsided to a warm afterglow, with the vines inside of her slowing down at a perfect speed to milk her orgasm.

Elma's head lifted, and she let out her own cry, lifting herself up onto Ameline's body and stifling her sounds of pleasure by locking her lips against Ameline's, pressing her breasts against Ameline's. The dryad's warm fluids dripped onto Ameline's thighs, but she only barely noticed over her own fading pleasure and her kiss with the verdant woman.

As Elma broke away from Ameline's lips, she let out a long sigh. "Wasn't that wonderful?" she asked, stroking Ameline's cheek.

With her own giggle, Ameline said, "Yeah...that was amazing. Those vines..."

Leaning in close, Elma whispered, "We can do it again. And again."

As tempted as Ameline was, a voice in the back of her head reminded her about Rachel. "Oh, crap!" she said, her eyes wide. "My friend's on the other side of the river...I told her I was just going to wash the mud off of myself. I've got to get going, sorry."

"I understand," Elma said, lifting herself off of Ameline. Ameline winced with pleasure as the thick vine slowly slid out of her pussy. She watched the moisture-stained vine slithered back into the ground...but noticed the ones in Elma's vagina remained there. "But I'd love to see you again, if you'd like."

"I'd love that." Ameline rose up, giving Elma a quick kiss. "W-would you like me to bring anything?"

The dryad's coy smile told Ameline the answer before it left her lips. "No."

Giggling, Ameline said, "I'll see you again, I promise."

Ameline rose to her feet, and for a second thought about where her clothes were...before remembering she had gone all this way without them. At least she hadn't gone too far from the river.

As Ameline stepped through the bushes around the clearing, she took one look back to Elma. She might have thought the dryad had gone to sleep, taken a nap after their lovemaking...if not for the thrusting of the thick vine and teasing of the smaller vines inside of her pussy.
