 Hi my name is Annette Taylor some of you might remember me from my previous story (washing my underwear). This is another true story that happened to me 9 months after my very first wet lesbian experience. As before the names and places have not been changed.

It was 4.30pm Tuesday afternoon as I pulled into the car park to see my last customer of the day. (I'm a rep for a large cosmetics company). Coffs Harbour is a beautiful spot on the East Coast of Australia and I could quit happily live here. Katelin's shop was one of the largest in Coff's but I could never get a large order out of her. Knowing this I had drank almost a litre of water 20 min before thinking I would be there the standard 20-30 min and then end up at my hotel just in time for my bladder to burst through my satin panties and masturbate myself to orgasm. 

As I stepped into the shop one of the sales girl's Shelly said " Katelin's just stepped out to get a couple of things she should be back in 10-15mins" this was ok with me so I just went ahead and noted down the items that she sold from my stand. 15 min later in walked Katelin " hi Annie how are you going good to see you ." Katelin was a stunning woman for 40 years old she is an ex fashion model with blonde hair and I body to die for (I hope I look as good as her at 40). " I'm glad I caught you" she said, " I want to put a big order in for the new range of summer lines that you have." This was great I had never got a large order from Katelin before and hope this would be the first of many. " Just let me finish up and i'll be right with you ok ."

It was now 5.00pm and the rest of the staff were leaving "lock up as you go Shelley I don't want any more customers today " Katelin said "ok Katelin see you again soon Annette ." I waved good bye to Shelley. " Lets go into the office so I can sit down and go through these " Katie said. We went back to her office were she proceeded to slowly go through all the new samples I had. As I was showing her the lipsticks my bladder was starting to ache, I looked at my watch 5.15pm, I knew if it didn't pee soon I would have an accident right there. Katlin was only half way through the samples and I hoped she would speed things up. Five more minutes had past and the pain was now very strong. I ask her if she had a toilet " no honey I don't"

"there is only one in the centre and they close that at 5.00 sharp"

"are you ok" she said 

"yes no problems I think I can wait"

"won't be long now " Katie said.

Another five minutes had past and now I was desperate (oh how I wish Chantelle was here so I could relief the pressure). I was now squirming in my chair like a little school girl. I started to rub my pussy through my dress hoping it would help. The tension on my face must have shown as katelin asked, "are you sure you're ok you look and little worried" - "I need to pee badly Kate are you sure there Is no other toilets around" I said, " no there isn't but let me see if I can find a bucket or something for you" - "please hurry" I said " I don't think I can hold out much longer." 

As Katelin ran out of the office into the shop to find something for me to pee in, I stood up and started to rub my pussy furiously. A little pee escaped into my panties and my clit was becoming erect, oh god the feeling was great but I wished I could just finger myself & fill my panties full of warm piss. Just then Katelin came back in the office holding 4 coffee cups " this is all I could find Annie" she said "how am I going to pee in those with out getting it all over the floor" I said. I thought this was it I was going to loose control and piss all over the floor of one of my customers shops. How could I ever face Katelin again after this? 

"It's ok Annie just pull up your dress and pull your panties to the side and I will change the cups as they get full ok"

" are you sure about this " I said "just hurry up before you wet your cloths" she said. I couldn't believe what I was going to do. Here was one of my oldest customers I didn't know THAT well kneeling on the floor in front of me holding a coffee cup ready to catch my pee in it. I started to panic, would she notice that I was extremely aroused, that my clit was erect, and my pussy was also wet with my juices. At this stage I had no options. I pulled up my dress and slid my wet satin panties to one side and leaned back against Katie's desk spreading my legs so she could get the cup in position.

I steadied my self, tipped back my head, closed my eyes, and relaxed my bladder. The release was sheer bliss, my pee hissed out of my pussy straight into the cup. (I only wished it was Chantelle's mouth that it was going into), when Katlin said, " this cups full" - " but this one is empty " she removed the full cup from my pussy and I thought she was replacing it with another when suddenly I felt a pair of lips and a tongue latch onto me. I looked down to see Katelin's mouth greedily sucking on my pissing pussy, drinking down as much as she could get. I was speechless I couldn't believe it, my pussy was now filling her mouth not just with my pee but also my juices. I pushed hard to force out more of my pee. I have never pissed so hard in my life. There was too much for Katelin to take in her mouth so she just let it flow out the side and run down her cheeks soaking her blouse.

When I stopped peeing Katie went to town on my pussy licking, sucking, biting. "OHHH GOD KATIE I'M CUUUMMMMING" I screamed as I exploded into her mouth with a gut wrenching orgasm. My knees buckled (lucky I was leaning on her desk) as Katie drank all the cum I had to give her. It was one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I collapsed on the floor in front of Katelin. Looking at her face and blouse covered in my pee and cum she said to me " do you feel better now that you have had a wee." I said "yes thank you but " she stopped me there and said " I read this story on the Internet about a sales rep into pee play and knew it was you " - " I set this up hoping it would end up like this but what I didn't tell you was that I do have a toilet and it's just through that door. " you sneaky bitch" I said but I'm glad she didn't tell me as I started to lick my piss & cum from her face.

Katelin invited me back to her house for dinner and to stay the night. On the way to her house she told me that she got into water sports when she was modeling. Somedays the shoots were so long the photographers would make you stand still forever just for the right shot, and you would have no choice but to pee your panties and it just progressed from there. She said that she had not done it with anyone since those day's 18 years ago, and when she read my story on the net it turned her on and she wanted to rekindle those early days again. So she set up this plan to hopefully catch me. 

That night we shared each other totally. I don't think I have peed and cum that much since I did it with Chantelle that first day. Now every time I do my country trip I arrive at Katelin's house on Friday night and spend the weekend pissing and cumming with her, and make her shop my first call on Monday.(Next trip I'm taking Chantelle with me as she is on holidays from Uni, and said she can't wait to meet the towns latest attraction " the Coffs watering hole." 

(PS Katie did give me that big order after all)