 A departure from my normal genres and arguably one for which I have no credentials. Keep an open mind, I hope you enjoy. 

*

As I have for the past month I sit here on my front steps awaiting the return home of my neighbor. Slowly sipping my tea my hands cupping the mug, my thumbs to my lips, a thousand thoughts play in my mind. What in the world am I doing here anyway?

An attractive healthy young woman waiting to catch the slightest of possible glimpses of my neighbor as she pulls into her drive, checks her mail and then walks into her house. Obsessing? Maybe. Dreaming? Yes. Wishing? Most definitely.

I sit wishing against all hope that she may notice me one day sitting on my porch enjoying the sunset. Oh how I would love for her to sit here with me as the sun sets fire to the sky, her presence sets fire to my soul.

Remembering back a few days ago, she came home from work wearing a nice business suit, low cut white blouse with her jacket slung over her arm. Her breasts bounced nicely in her blouse; it sure doesn't take much to get me fantasizing. I thought she glanced over my way just as she was getting her mail but she didn't acknowledge my presence. I was happy she got a lot of mail that day; she stood there, her back to me going through it all, shifting her weight from one leg to the other, her nice firm bottom showing off in her skirt.

I must admit, I've gone inside and brought myself off a number of times just thinking of what it would be like to be with her. I've never been with a woman before but I have wanted to so bad. Guess I'm just a little shy about it. I'm even shy with guys but that's different. I wonder what it would be like to touch a woman, to taste her, feel her softness. I enjoy touching my self and even tasting my juices on my fingers while I play in my pussy. But to be with another woman would be heaven.

***** 

Oh my god, it finally happened and it was so fine, I still can't believe it. Saturday morning I was drinking my coffee on my porch, not really thinking of my neighbor, just letting my hair dry. My neighbor came out to get her paper wearing a big sweatshirt with the sleeves and neck tore out and these huge fluffy white house shoes.

When she picked up the paper she looked across the street right at me and waved. I know I had a huge smile on my face; partly because of her slippers and partly because she finally noticed me. I waved back and mumbled, "good morning." I don't know if she heard or not. She turned to go back in her house then stopped and turned back to me. She then just crossed the street and walked right up to me smiling the whole way.

Her name is Jenny, and god she looks so good up close; much nicer than I thought. She apologized for not having introduced herself to me before but that she was rather busy, just starting out in a new job with lots of take home work. I was melting; I could barely keep my thoughts together. I was sure I was making an idiot of my self.

We talked for just a bit, she said she had to go into work today, we laughed about her slippers. She put one foot up on the step at my feet and bent over to pet the white fluff, saying how comfortable they were. When she did her torn out sweatshirt neck opened up and allowed a great view of her breasts. I couldn't help but stare and when I looked up she was looking right at me with a sly grin on her face. She then said she had to get going, shook my hand and started back home. Half way to the street she stopped and said she had noticed that I sit out and watch the sunset every evening, would I like some company. I managed an audible yeah, sure.

She just smiled and said, "I'll be home around six then, I'll look forward to it." With that she strolled on home her butt bouncing as she walked.

I could barely contain myself all day and sure enough, at 5:30 there I was on the porch with my tea. She drove up at 6:05 waved this time as soon as she stepped from her car, checked her mail and then called over that she would be just a minute; "don't let the sun go down without her."

She came over twenty minutes later wearing cute shorts and a tank top that really showed off her nice breasts. Much larger than mine but then again, that doesn't take a whole lot of doin'. My breasts are barely B's but have very large almost marshmallow like nipples.

Her hair was still wet from a quick shower and she brought with her a bottle of wine. We both went in and I got some glasses down out of the cupboard. When I turned around I swear I had just caught her checking out my butt, but I was still very leery about the situation. Even with all the body language it was possible I was making too much of this dream come true.

We sat on the steps, as I had done so many times before alone, enjoying the sun turning the sky a beautiful purple pink with just a few wisps of clouds. I found out Jenny was divorced for 18 months and that she was enjoying her single life again although the new job and house were keeping her pretty busy. She asked about my life, what I did and why, being so pretty, I didn't have guys coming over all the time.

My only response was that guys seemed to always bring problems into my life. With that she smiled and said she understood completely. The sunset was magnificent and it wasn't long before the stars began to show themselves, the evening was coming and it was so warm and wonderful. I came back with our third glass of wine and when I sat down Jenny about floored me with her question. She just came right out and asked if I had ever thought of being with a woman.

The look on my face made her think she had stepped out of line; I was just in total shock. She began to apologize and I stopped her saying it was okay. Yes, I had thought about it often but had never had the opportunity. She smiled so brightly I felt her joy in my own heart.

She took my hand, stood up, and said "Well, it's just about time then, don't you think?"

I slowly stood and she led the way to my bedroom. I'm sure she felt me shaking with anticipation.

She backed me to my bed but instead of setting me down she brushed my hair back, looked into my eyes, and as her fingers went behind my ear she moved forward and kissed me softly on the lips. My legs buckled but didn't give up. This beautiful woman was causing such a heat to rise up within me. I could feel my pussy getting warm, I wanted, needed, this so badly.

She broke from our kiss, looked deep within me and smiled softly. With that she slowly ran her hands down my shoulders and arms as she knelt before me. She could have pulled my sun skirt off right then and there but instead she slowly began to unbutton it one button at a time from the bottom up. My hands played in her soft hair as she slowly undressed me.

Once she had loosed the last button she let my skirt fall at my feet and she was looking right into my sex, then up into my eyes and smiled. Her hands moved to my butt cheeks then the backs of my legs to my knees. When they were on my calves she leaned forward and kissed my leg just inside my knee. I was going to have to sit down soon.

Slowly she kissed her way up the inside of my thigh towards my sex. I have had men eat my pussy before but this was a whole new world. I was sure my juices were running from my slit. Her tongue came out and just barely flicked my pussy lips.

She backed off, looked up at me and said, "My goodness, you're so wet, so very wet and sweet."

She ran her tongue over her lips, then went back to mine. Her tongue moved in slowly and slightly parted my lips. I could feel her tongue move up and down in my wet slit, as she tasted my sexiness. I couldn't stand any longer and sat quickly on the edge of the bed. Jenny asked me if it was what I had expected. All I could do was shake my head in affirmation, unable to speak, just wanting more.

She moved forward unclasped and removed my bra letting out a sigh she pulled it off my shoulders. "I just love small pouty breasts."

She then took each of my puffy nipples in turn into her mouth and sucked them making them even harder than they already were. My own hands were playing with her hair and her neck. Just touching a woman had me on fire like I had never dreamed. She slowly kissed each nipple and kissed all around my breasts, then moved down my tummy to my pussy once again.

Softly she pushed me back on the bed, took hold of my legs behind my knees and pulled my ass just off the edge. Then her tongue returned to my pussy. Absolutely sopping by this time she finally found my clit. A shock of electricity shot through my whole body. If I didn't know better I would have thought I came right then.

She sucked my clitoris into her mouth, almost pinching it between her lips. Sucking it in, letting it slip back out and sucking it in again, my god it felt so good, my whole existence wanted to explode. She kept sucking and licking, licking and sucking, my hands were on my own breasts pulling at my nipples.

When her fingers touched my pussy I exploded in orgasm! Bucking toward her face, I couldn't get enough of her tongue. My hands left my breasts and pulled her mouth hard against my sex as wave after wave of wonderful orgasm swept over me. I felt her nose against my clit, her tongue buried in my hole. Un-fucking-believable!!!

She kissed softly my legs, my pussy lips, my tummy, letting me relax somewhat as my orgasm slowly subsided. Jenny then slowly kissed her way up my belly to my breasts, lightly touching each nipple with her lips. She kissed my neck; I took in the scent of my sex on her face.

She lightly placed small kisses to my ears I took hold of her head, ran my fingers into her hair and pulled her to me, kissing her with my tongue. I tasted my sex on her lips. Our kiss broke and with out a word I moved her to her back beside me then knelt on the bed at her side. Her hair all about her on the bed, her flush complexion, that unbelievable smile on her face was like a vision.

Her breasts were full even lying on her back, her nipples nice and large and dark. My hands slightly shaking explored her body, the flatness of her belly her hipbones just barely making small hills in her sides, between them a valley of paradise. She is dark and has a light trace of soft hair that runs from her belly button to a nicely trimmed matte of dense pubic hair.

I'm still shaking, I don't know if it's from my incredible orgasm or the realization that I really do love this. Touching, feeling, the presence of a woman is more than I could have possibly dreamed. I take her breasts in my hands, each one is all I can hold. I bend over and kiss her breast, sucking her nipple into my mouth, flicking it with my tongue; she lets out a sigh, more like a moan.

Sucking her nipples, kneading her breasts, feeling their weight, my hand roves to her V. My nails trace light paths through her pubic hair and dance just inside her thighs. Her legs involuntarily spread as she raises a knee off the bed. I know where I'm going and it's almost more than I can stand. Jenny moves up on the bed laying her head on my pillow.

Taking my head in her hands, her fingers playing with my ears, she looks into me and pleads, "Please, please kiss my pussy, taste me; I need you so bad."

On her request I kiss her tummy just above her hairline then move to the outside just where her leg meets the very edge of her pussy. I can smell her musty scent now, very strong, pulling me to her. My tongue lightly touches her clitoris, causing her to jump, just a bit. I'm on my knees at her side, my hands find the backs of her legs and I lower my mouth to her wet pussy.

My first taste of pussy and she is so very sweet. My tongue fucking her hole, I feel her juices on my chin and cheeks. I want to eat her forever, taste every drop, she's driving me wild. My tongue moves frantically over her clit, she's bucking against my face; I'm lapping her sex as fast as I possibly can.

She moves a pillow up under the small of her back, exposing more of her beautiful sex. My fingers find her ass cheeks, my nails lightly clawing at her crack. She's wet now, very wet. I feel her sex juices running down her ass to my fingers making them slide effortlessly over her tight little asshole.

She screams out, "TAMMY! MY GOD!" as she shoves her pussy into my face. Her pussy lips envelope mine, my tongue drives deep into her sex, my nails dig into her ass cheeks. Then I feel her begin to subside as she falls back down into the sheets on my bed. 

Just then I feel her hands on my butt cheeks and legs as she pulls me over her head causing me to straddle her face. A 69, my god this woman wants more. I flick at her clitoris with my tongue causing her to spasm the first few times. I feel her hands on my hips as she pulls me down to meet her mouth. Licking and sucking furiously, the room is filled with the scent of pussy. The taste is covering my face. It takes Jenny no time at all to have a second orgasm, this one somewhat softer but longer lasting than the first. I just enjoy the feeling of her mouth on my sex.

We lay in each other's arms afterwards, softly stroking each other's bodies; such a sweet initiation.