 Veronica Wilson lay back on the bed in the guest room of the cabin where she had woken up three days earlier. Her body was slowly healing from the beating she had received and she was sure she wouldn't be taking any cocks up her pussy anytime soon. Just sliding her finger into her slit caused her pain. The problem was that she was horny as hell.

She heard Robin Jean out in the other room talking to the cat. She ran her hands over her naked body then sighed. She hadn't been with another woman since college. She remembered that much. The problem was that she had no idea who she was or for that matter where she was. From the snow hitting the window, she figured she was up in the mountains somewhere.

According to what Robin and her husband Henry had told her they found her on the road leading into town. She was unconscious and half naked as well as black and blue. Henry figured somebody had worked her over good. 

They had managed to get the doctor up here before the blizzard hit. He said she had two broken ribs but as long as she was careful she should be okay. "No strenuous sex then." She had joked. The doctor had just smiled.

According to her license she was Veronica Wilson. She lived at 42673 Peacock lane. She was 5'3", 125lbs with shoulder length strawberry blonde hair and ice blue eyes. Also according to the pictures in her wallet she had two children. A daughter Sarah and a son Michael, who she assumed from the ages on the picture, were probably 18 or 19.

Henry had told her yesterday before he headed out into the blizzard that she had been crying out in her sleep, something about her children being home alone so he was going to go get them and bring them up here. 

Veronica had just nodded. She had no idea who these children were. Well maybe seeing them would jog her memory. She hoped.

Veronica sat up gingerly, her taped up ribs still hurting when she moved wrong. She slipped a robe over her naked body then staggered to the bathroom. When she was done she walked into the kitchen. Robin was sitting at the small table drinking a cup of coffee and reading a magazine. 

Robin was a little butterball for lack of a better term. She was a couple inches taller then Veronica but chubby. Her blondish gray hair was pulled back from her face in a ponytail. Her green eyes scanned the article she was reading.

When she heard Veronica come into the room, she stood up quickly as she clucked around her like a mother hen. "You shouldn't be out of bed dear." She said helping Veronica into a chair. "The doctor said you need rest."

Veronica sighed. "I have been resting. I hate lying in bed. The only good things a bed is for is fucking and sleeping and I've slept enough. I'm horny Robin."

Robin sat back in her chair. "Well even if Henry was here to take care of it, your pussy is in no shape to be fucked right now. I don't know what the men used to rape you but according to the doctor you've got a lot of bruising up there." She took a sip of her coffee.

"Tell me about it." Veronica said moving slightly when she felt a twinge of pain in her pussy. She sighed as the cat jumped into her lap. Ralph was a 12-year-old Siamese that Robin had found as a starving kitten outside her door 12 years ago. She had fed him and he had never left. 

Veronica absentmindedly stroked the cat as Ralph settled on her lap. "To bad we don't have a magic wand to turn Ralph into a human." She commented.

Robin just glared at her then went back to her magazine. Veronica sighed again as she rested her head in her hand. She glanced over at Robin as the older woman licked her upper lip to catch some coffee. Suddenly she lifted her head. "You know. My pussy may not be up to a cock but what about a wet tongue?"

Robin looked at her in surprise. "I told you Henry went to go get you're..."

"Not Henry. You." Veronica interrupted.

Robin's look of surprise turned to shock. "Me?"

"Sure, you could eat me out. You could make me cum on your mouth." Her eyes glistened with the thought.

"But...But..." Robin sputtered. "I've never been with another woman."

Veronica waved her off with a wave of her hand. "How hard can it be? A man does it all the time."

"But..." Robin protested again.

"Please Robin. If I don't get off soon I'm going to go crazy." She grasped the other woman's hand in hers. "If you eat me, I promise I'll eat you."

Robin considered that for a minute. "You'll eat my pussy?"

"I swear." Veronica said putting up her hand. "Please Robin. I'm so horny. I need to cum."

Robin was still reluctant. It showed in her face. "What about your ribs. The doctor said nothing strenuous."

Veronica blew her breath out of her mouth. "Come on, all your doing is licking my pussy. It's not like I'm running a marathon."

Robin nodded. "True."

"Please Robin. I promise I will make you feel good to." Veronica pleaded.

Robin couldn't stand the way the other woman pleaded. "Oh, all right. You go on in the bedroom and lay down."

Veronica jumped up knocking Ralph to the floor. "Thank you." She squealed kissing robin on the cheek. "You won't regret it, I promise."

As Robin watched the other woman walk off, she was already regretting it.

When Robin walked into Veronica's room a couple minutes later dressed in nothing but a robe, she found Veronica on her back on the bed. Her legs were spread wide and bent at the knees. The woman's eyes were glazed with lust. "Please Robin. I need to get off so bad." Veronica pleaded as she pulled at her taped breasts.

Robin sighed as she closed the door, the stripped out of her robe. ìI must be crazy.î She said to herself as she climbed onto the bed and between Veronica's spread legs. She looked down at the other woman's pussy winking at her. 

"I don't know what to do." She said looking up into Veronica's face.

Veronica took one hand off her breast to push Robin's face into her pussy. "Just lick me at first. Then we'll go from there."

Robin let the other woman push her head down until her nose was resting against Veronica's pussy. She pulled her face back a bit and inhaled the other woman's scent. She smelled like soap and honey. She darted out her tongue licking the outer lips. "Oooohhhh..." Veronica moaned pressing down on Robin's head again.

"May as well get this over with," Robin thought as she spread Veronica's outer lips open. She ran her tongue from the top of Veronica's slit to the little bump above her pussy. Veronica let out a small cry as she pushed against Robin. 

As Robin licked her again, she realized that she liked the taste of the other woman's pussy. Also that her pussy was starting to leak. "Hm..." She thought to herself as she ran her tongue all over the other woman's snatch. Veronica was whimpering and pressing against her. 

"Lick my clit." Veronica begged pressing against Robin's face.

Robin had no idea where Veronica's clit was. She knew that she had one and that Henry liked to suck on it but she had never paid any attention to where it was. Then she saw it peeking out of its hood. Robin looked at it for a minute then ran her tongue lightly over it.

Veronica whimpered as she did this, lifting her hips as she pressed down on Robin's head. "Oh yea, Eat my pussy baby." She cried rotating her hips.

Again Robin pushed her head back until she was above Veronica's pussy and licked at her clit again. Veronica squealed her hips jumping. "I guess that's her clit." She thought to herself. She locked her lips around it, sucking hard on it when Veronica suddenly pushed up so hard with her hips that Robin was almost thrown off of her.

Veronica was mewling as Robin sucked on her clit. Her pussy was pressed tightly to the woman's face while her hand held Robin against her. "Yes...suck my clit. Oh god. I'm going to cum, don't stop." She mashed her pussy against Robin's face as Robin sucked harder at her clit. "Oh god, Shove a finger in me." She screamed right on the brink.

Robin pulled her mouth from the other woman's snatch. "But the doctor said..." Her words were cut off as her face was shoved between Veronica's legs again.

"I don't care. Please. I am so close. Finger me or stick your tongue up me while you play with my clit. Please. Oh Please."

Veronica was mashing her pussy against Robin's face, humping against her violently trying to bring herself off. Her breath was coming in pants and moans were leaving her lips.

Robin couldn't stand to hear the other woman beg but she remembered what the doctor had said about putting anything up Veronica's hole. Finally she decided to shove her tongue up her to see if that would make her cum. She pulled her tongue off Veronica's clit and moved down until her face was even with the other woman's slit. She pointed her tongue then slid it inside her. "Yes Oh yes..." Veronica cried humping at Robin's face harder. She rode her pussy on Robin's tongue. "Tongue fuck me bitch. Shove your tongue up my fucking hole." She demanded gripping Robin's head callously slamming her face into her hot pussy.

Robin slid her tongue in and out of Veronica's hole as fast as she could as the other woman humped against her. "God, it's not enough." Veronica whimpered riding Robin's face so hard the older woman could barely breathe. "God, I need to get off. I'm so fucking hot."

Robin remembered how Veronica had reacted when she had her tongue on her clit. She couldn't tongue the other woman's clit now, as it was busy inside her, so she lifted her hand and took Veronica's clit between her fingers squeezing and pulling at it. Suddenly her mouth was full of Veronica's juices as the younger woman came. "I'm cummmminnnnngggggg..." Veronica screamed mashing her pussy against Robin's face.

Robin swallowed the juice in her mouth then dug into Veronica's hole looking for more. She ate Veronica into another orgasm and finally a third before Veronica pushed her face away. "Oh...No more, I can't take anymore."

Robin sat up between the panting woman's legs as she licked pussy juice off her face. "You taste good honey."

Veronica smiled at her through half closed eyes. "Thanks. Come to mama baby. Let me taste that sweet pussy of yours."

Robin smiled as she moved slowly and carefully over Veronica's body. She was careful around the other woman's ribs until she was sitting on her face with her hands braced against the wall. At the first touch of Veronica's tongue, she closed her eyes. "Yea, make me cum bitch." She growled throwing Veronica's words back in her face as she mashed her pussy against the other woman's face.

Veronica just moaned as she shoved her tongue deep inside Robin, forcing it in and out like a small cock. "Yes...Oh fuck yes." Robin cried bouncing on Veronica's face as she rode the other woman's tongue. "Stick your tongue up me. Tongue my pussy like I tongued yours." Robin's hands were clenched against the wall as she rode the other woman hard.

Veronica just moaned as the older woman pushed her into the mattress. She kept her tongue shoved deep inside Robin letting her ride it. Her hands moved to the woman's clit and she started twisting and pulling on it. 

It wasn't long before Robin flooded her face, her screams loud in the empty room. Robin pushed harder against her almost cutting off her breath as she continued to ride Veronica's thrusting tongue. "Again...Oh Again. Make me cum again." Robin cried raggedly.

Veronica took her free hand gripping Robin's thrusting hips trying to keep the other woman still as she ate out her pussy. Finally she gave up and lay there as Robin rode her face. Crying out as she came not once but twice more and was still begging for more. 

"This bitch is insatiable." Veronica thought as she pulled her tongue from Robin's spasming pussy. Robin moaned in dismay then squealed when she felt 3 fingers slammed into her. "Yesssssssssssssssssss." She cried riding Veronica's hand as Veronica sucked hard at her clit. "Eat me you bitch. Eat my fucking cunt." She braced her hands on the wall while she rode Veronica's face like there was no tomorrow. It took Veronica getting her off three more times before she finally collapsed on the bed beside her.

"Damn girl." Veronica panted licking Robin's juices from around her mouth.

Robin just smiled. "Henry says the same thing." Then both women burst out laughing.

TO BE CONTINUED: