 Andrea sat on the hotel bed, watching the fifth porn tape that the love hotel had to offer. She sat with nothing, but her bathrobes on. Her body was still wet from the steaming shower. Droplets of water glistened all over her half naked body, like small diamonds. The aroma of her shampoo was still strong in her long, lustrous brunette hair. It was often tied up for her work, but that night, she let it flow freely. 

She soon turned her eyes over to her watch, then to the digital clock by the nearby table. The meeting time was at nine, but it was already a minute passed. In Andrea's mind, the person was already late.

Andrea was a proud business woman who had the looks that could have made any man fall down to their knees for her. She was a living Aphrodite. Although she had the looks of a goddess, she had the personality of a gorgon. She was a stern boss that often criticized her co-workers and subordinates. No one was safe from her harsh whip and lash leadership. If you were new to her company, then you had better have done your homework, for she was merciless to those beneath her standards, which was about as high as Mt. Everest. 

She was a brilliant and beautiful woman who swam in an Olympic pool of money. Now if only she could actually find someone to actually make her happy. Andrea has gone on a few dates, but even those ended up as train-wrecks. She has dated several kinds of men,men of different ages, races, beliefs and sizes. However, not a single one managed to please her. During sex, she would criticize the man for not doing something right or for being incapable. One of her criticisms even gave one man erectile dysfunction, while making another rethink his life. 

That night, she was going to try another guy. This person was the most recommended person she was given, by her co-workers - who were all trying to find someone to desperately change her. Although she knew what they were doing, she accepted the offer.

She had arrived at the love hotel about thirty minutes early. She had ordered several bottles of liquor and was watching porn, for arousal and out of boredom. Unfortunately, even she complained about the porn.

"That woman is the worst actress," she murmured. "She'd probably be better off, working behind the alley, rather than the camera."

She continued to watch and complain. Then, just as the clock was about to pass a minute, the doorbell rang.

"Finally," she hissed. Walking to the door, she bolted both it and her mouth wide open. "You're late! What part of nine in the evening do you not...?!"

Her sentence was immediately cut off, when she saw the person standing in front of her. A woman dressed in a pink top and a black skirt and blazer stood in front of her. She had long ebony hair, rosy lips, a cute button nose and a body shaped like an hourglass. 

"Miss Andrea Inez?" the woman assumed.

"Yes?" Andrea replied, raising a brow.

"I'm Michel, or as you know by my alias, M," the woman said.

Andrea glared sharply for a moment. "I'm leaving," she then said, as she turned around. "That stupid bitch is so fired. She thinks she can pull one on me?!"

"Is there a problem, Miss Inez?" Michel said, as she stepped inside.

"Who gave you permission to step inside?" Andrea hissed, as she began gathering her belongings. "And while we're at it, yes, I do have a problem. I've been waiting here for thirty-five minutes, only to get some slut standing at my door!"

"Quite the temper we have," Michel noted. "Why don't you lie down, and tell me all about it?"

"Piss off!" Andrea spat. "I didn't take time off from work, just to lie down with a whore!"

Michel gave a small chuckle. "Well, it's a good thing that I'm no whore. No. I'm what people call a Comforter. When men have failed to satisfy a woman, I come to fulfill that satisfaction."

Andrea went silent for a moment. "Is there a website where I can read all your shit?" Andrea cussed. "I don't have time for any of your crap!"

"Don't be like that," Michel said, as she placed her fingers on Andrea's shoulders.

"Get off me!" Andrea yelled, as she pulled away.

"Listen, how about this?" Michel said. "Just give me a few minutes with you. If I fail as well, then I will pay you back twice whatever your colleagues have given me."

"They did what?!" Andrea said, as steam fumed from her ears. 

"What do you say?" Michel said. "Just a few minutes. It doesn't sound like a bad bargain, does it?"

Andrea thought for a while. She had absolutely no confidence in this Michel and wanted to leave as soon as possible. However, she didn't want to leave empty-handed either. 

"Fine," Andrea frowned, as she sat back down on the bed. She crossed her arms and tapped her fingers, as if she were in one of her board meetings, waiting for the presenter to get to the point. 

"You won't regret this, dear," Michel said, as she sat at the end of the bed. "First, let's get you out of those damp robes."

Andrea began untying the knots, when Michel suddenly stopped her. "No honey, let me do it for you," she said softly. "Let me show you what a Comforter can really do."

Michel slowly untied the robe's knot and gently spread open the robe. Andrea's supple body laid bare to this Comforter. Drops from the shower were still seen over her curvaceous body and her breasts, as if she had just worked up a sweat. 

"You have quite a lovely figure," Michel complimented, as she stared. "I'm quite surprised you're still single."

"Well there aren't really any men who could..."

Before Andrea could continue, Michel placed her finger on the client's lips and hushed her. "Don't ruin your moment dear," she whispered. "Just relax and let me do all the work, as well as the talking."

Andrea scowled. She hated it when people interrupted her. Before the business woman could open her mouth for another serving of Donald Trump, Michel leaned forward. At that moment, their eyes were locked onto one another. They were so close that they could see each other's reflection, even in the dimness of the lamp-lit room. 

Michel's warm breath puffed on Andrea's skin, causing her skin to tremble with feelings that she wasn't quite able to comprehend. For the first moment in a long time, Andrea was static. Her heart raced, as the smell of the Comforter's perfume drifted into her nose. Andrea's heart raced, as every word that she wanted to spit out never left her mouth. 

Michel drew even closer, until finally, their lips locked together. Their tongues soon met and engaged in a slippery tangle. Although Andrea had done this many times before, she found herself completely overwhelmed, as her partner's tongue softly and gently embraced hers. A splendid heat began to spread into her body, as her heart raced faster, practically ready to rip out of her chest. But before it could continue, Michel withdrew.

"Well, I suppose I should pay you now," Michel said, as she moved back.

"W-wait," Andrea stuttered with her cheeks blushing. "You only kissed me. You said, you'd show me what you can really do."

Michel smiled and drew back in. Their lips locked once more, as the sensation ran through Andrea's body like a rushing stream. Soon, she found legs squirming and her hand scratching on the sheets. This was only kissing. Just what was this Michel able to do so well that none of the men could follow?

Michel withdrew once more. She began slowly stripping off her clothes. She started off with her top, revealing the kind of bust that made men go gaga over. Andrea said nothing, but she found herself tingling around surprising places. Soon, Michel was naked. Her slender figure was something to mouth-watering. 

She lay back down on Andrea. As they continued to kiss, Michel began to press her body against her client's. Andrea body trembled with excitement and anxiety, as she felt their bodies press against each other and their legs twist together, like a pretzel. 

The Comforter's breath was so warm. Her warm breath felt like a divine wind breathing in new and powerful life into Andrea. 

Looking into Andrea's eyes, Michel saw a glimmer of desire. The client wanted more, much more. She was going to get it.

With a smile, Michel slipped out of Andrea's mouth and gently bit Andrea's lip. She then held out her tongue and gently slid it down from Andrea's lip, down to her right breast, leaving a trail of saliva. 

Like a hawk using its talons to catch prey, Michel's hands grabbed both of Andrea's breast, making her suddenly bounce and moan. Within her grasp, she began rubbing Andrea's nipple with her tongue in a circular motion. Then without caution, she took a gentle nibble. 

With a face flushed red, Andrea's body melted away, as she gave a louder moan. Sweat poured from her body, while her vagina began to spill with excitement. Saliva dripped from her mouth, but the heat of ecstasy clouded her mind. Embarrassment had been deleted from her dictionary. The feeling of being bitten had hurt a little, but the pleasure she was receiving easily overwhelmed whatever meager pain she was feeling.

After working on her client's breast, Michel continued to slide down Andrea's body. Her tongue moved slowly and gently down, as if she were making a large calligraphic letter. Before long, the tongue had reached the vagina, which was soaking and pulsating with erroneous heat. 

Taking a soft breath, Michel blew on Andrea's vagina. Another soft moan was heard. 

"Your pussy's gone quite wet," Michel smiled. "Allow me to clean it for you."

Digging in, Michel began sliding around Andrea's hymen, while the tip of her nose touched her stiff clitoris. Andrea closed her eyes and bit her lip, trying her hardest from moaning. Her fingers clenched the sheets, almost removing them from the bed. Her legs folded and twisted all around. Andrea's body and mind was taking it all in very quickly. 

Having cleaned the hymen, Michel moved up to the clitoris and began massaging it with her tongue as well. Andrea's eyes flashed wide open.

"W-wait!" she moaned.

However, her words did not reach the comforter. Michel continued to lick the clitoris. Andrea's body ached with spasms, as her breathing grew faster and harder. Before long, she released it all. Andrea let out a moan, louder than any of her roars against her employees. Euphoria exploded all over her body. Soon, Andrea found herself lying on the bed, exhausted to move.

"We're not done yet, dear," Michel smiled.

"W-what?" Andrea replied.

"That was only an appetizer," Michel said. "Here comes the main course!"

Lifting Andrea's leg, Michel slid her tongue, all the way to her client's toes. Andrea gave another moan. Despite the exhaustion, the sensation quickly found its way back to her body.

"H-hold on a minute!" Andrea interjected.

Again, Michel ignored. Spreading her legs, Michel slammed her hymen onto Andrea's, connecting their clitoris. Andrea squealed. Michel began rubbing slowly. 

The sensation started building up once again. Although pleasurable, Andrea was actually feeling a great sense of exhaustion. As much as she wanted to continue, she also wanted to rest. Observing the Comforter, Andrea watched Michel move her hips in a certain rhythm. After some time, Andrea began moving as well. 

"Oh, joining in now, are we?" Michel giggled. 

The two slowly rubbed, until they went faster. Friction was not a problem, thanks to their soaked vagina. They rubbed and twisted harder and faster, as if they were trying to outrace one another. Their hands clenched tightly together, as their chests drummed. They moaned loudly, as they drowned in the heat of ecstasy. They moved so much that the bed's frame looked ready to give in.

Then, with one final push, Andrea experienced her second orgasm. The two women pushed against each other, while letting out a high pitched moan of great pleasure. They soon lay beside one another, breathless and covered in sweat. Andrea stared at the ceiling, panting and wondering just what she had been missing the entire time. She then turned to the side and found Michel leaning on one elbow, with a smile on her face.

"Well, was I worth your time?" Michel asked.

Andrea nodded. "Yes," she huffed. "Exactly how long were you paid to keep me company?"

Michel turned to the digital clock and then replied. "I still have about thirty minutes."

Andrea smiled delightfully. "There are a lot of things I hate and one of those things is wasting time," she said. "Better use the remaining time wisely."

"Spoken like a true businesswoman," Michel said.

Climbing on top of her client, the Comforter mounted over Andrea and reached in for another long kiss.

-------------------------

"Kate, what are you doing?" Ron asked.

Kate stuffed a few documents into the box, along with some pictures and trinkets that decorated her small work station.

"Clearing out," Kate replied, as she crumpled and threw a piece of paper. "I've gotta move all this stuff by today."

"Wait, you were fired?" Ron asked.

"No, not yet at least," Kate answered.

Before Ron, could ask another question, the supervisor's door creaked open, alerting the entire staff in the office. Andrea's scowling face appeared behind the door. She surveyed the office for a moment. Heads ducked down, hoping to avoid eye-contact. Andrea then turned over to Kate. 

"Kate, get in here," she said, as she retreated back into her office.

Everyone slowly rose up and turned to the person that was just called. Kate sighed, but didn't appear to be too upset. Without a word, she marched into her boss's office. 

"This was going to happen," Kate thought to herself. "Well, hopefully my little prank got her a bit."

Andrea's office had twice as large as Kate's station. There were so many expensive decorations, but there was still also so much space. Andrea sat behind a long oak desk and sat on a leather black chair.

"Have a seat," Andrea offered. 

Slowly, Kate sat down on the small chair that stood in front of the desk. She felt as if she were sitting on THE chair. 

There was a long moment of silence. The only thing that could be heard was the faint tapping of the keyboards outside and a sudden cough. 

"I met with that M, whom you recommended to me," Andrea said. 

"Y-you did?" Kate gulped, as her fingers twitched.

"Indeed I did," Andrea replied. "Now, I would very much like to know how you got to know this person. Are you in a relationship with M?"

"I... I don't think it's appropriate to talk about my preferences, ma'am," Kate said, swallowing again.

"Well I do," Andrea said, as she stood up and circled around Kate, like a wolf. "You see, there is much I'd like to talk with you about. One thing in particular is your promotion."

Kate's eyes bolted wide open. Did she just hear that correctly?

"A p-promotion?" Kate stammered. 

"I have looked through your performance rating and you've done quite a lot for the company," Andrea replied. "While I am a little peeved that you tried to trick me, I feel that your work has earned you some compensation."

"T-thank you!" Kate said, already in tears. "I don't know what to say."

"How also accepting an invitation to a dinner later?" Andrea said, as she placed her hand on Kate's chin. "Let's say, seven?"

Kate froze a bit, wondering if this were some sort of trap. However, she looked into her boss's eyes and saw a mesmerizing glitter. With a small smile, the employee nodded and said, "I would most definitely love to spend the evening with you."