 The days were busy. Jenny and Mandy became close friends immediately. Jenny showed her the best stores, restaurants and dry cleaners. They spent the days together, pooling their families. Mandy's kids were nearly the same ages as Jenny's and got along wonderfully. They took the kids to the park, the zoo, skating. They had so much in common and so many similar interests. Jenny taught Mandy to do counted cross-stitch. Mandy taught Jenny how to sew. Jenny had needed a best friend and Mandy was perfect in that role.

The other role that Mandy filled was that of mentor. Jenny confided all her longings, fears and desires and Mandy helped her understand her feelings. They were close, so close, and kept moving closer. Mandy promised to go at Jenny's speed. There was no rush. They had found each other and now they would become lovers when Jenny was completely ready. 

Mandy was slow and gentle. It was remarkably like dating. Slow, tentative, but ever more intimate. At first, all they did was hold hands and kiss while the kids napped. They could sit together on the couch, watching a movie, holding hands and kissing occasionally, talking about everything. Jenny felt fine with this, not nervous or pressured. Mandy seemed to sense that Jenny needed time to adapt, to accept these new feelings. She was content to spend time with Jenny, share their daily lives and meld their families.

As they spent time together, Jenny became more comfortable with Mandy. They took naps when the kids did, snuggling up together in the loft bed, content just to feel each other near. They held each other and kissed, Mandy yearning for more, but not wanting to push. Just being in Mandy's arms thrilled Jenny. Feeling Mandy's lush breasts against her own was so exciting, Jenny found herself wanting more, wanting to at least see those lovely breasts and fulfill her fantasy of sucking on a woman's hard nipples, but she wasn't ready to verbalize her needs. 

It seemed each day, they grew closer to crossing the line. Now, during naps, clothes became unbuttoned, hands touched flesh, caressing and warming. Jenny was so aroused all the time. She wanted to move further with Mandy, but was still frightened. So, as she progressed with Mandy each day, she also devoured her husband each night.

Their sex life had always been exciting, but now Anthony could barely keep up with his lusty wife. She couldn't stop touching him, kissing him. Dinner was a blur of family togetherness. They had their usual time together and then the kids went to bed and Jenny was there, ready for anything Anthony could suggest. She seemed lit with an inner fire that she almost dared him to quench. His happily sexual wife now had tricks to share with him, words to say that had never been uttered by her before. She wanted more, new, different. Anthony loved it. He credited her interest in bisexuality and his open-mindedness in helping her. He had always found her sexy, now he found her sensual as well. She could almost come from his touches. She wanted to kiss for hours, touching him with curious fingers, looking for new ways to excite him. Jenny was more sure of herself, more in control of the lovemaking. All of this was exciting for Anthony, almost as if finding a new woman in his bed.

He loved the way she was always hungry for him. Making dinner, she would surprise him by guiding his hand to her pantiless ass, pressing against his fingers and asking him to enter her, make her come NOW! Anytime he touched her, he found her wet and swollen, ready for his fingers or tongue or hard cock. Her sexual haze engulfed him. One night, he went to the basement to get his hammer. Coming back up the stairs, he found his sweet Jenny, sitting there, with her legs open, her pussy gleaming, asking him to fuck her now, hard and fast. He happily obliged. During the night, he was often awakened to find Jenny touching him or sucking him. One time, she was even slowly entering his ass with a small finger. He loved this new woman. He felt that she was the perfect woman, a wonderful wife and mother, and his own sweet slut too.

Jenny wanted to make love with Mandy. She told herself it was time, she was ready. One day, during their nap, Jenny unbuttoned Mandy's shirt, kisssing her way down Mandy's smooth, fragrant skin. Mandy never wore a bra, making it easy for Jenny to feel her full breasts and engorged nipples. Usually, Jenny stopped at Mandy's lower neck, never allowing herself to be in range of the object of her interest. But today, her mouth continued downward, kissing and licking all the skin exposed by the open shirt. She lingered right between the breasts, kissing there, sucking the skin gently into her mouth, listening to Mandy sigh. Her mouth came to rest at the waistband of Mandy's jeans. She wasn't prepared to go further, but knew that today she was going to taste Mandy's nipples, find out how it felt to suck tits so large and engorged. She had been sucking on Anthony's nipples for weeks now, and it only fueled her desire to taste Mandy, to nurse on her beautiful nubs. 

Jenny moved back up Mandy's tummy, savoring the sweet smell of her, the delicious smoothness of a woman. Her tongue flicked over Mandy's belly button, sliding in and out, slowing teasing her friend. Jenny couldn't stop. She continued moving up, her mouth hot and wet and ready. As she approached Mandy's breasts, Jenny pushed the shirt further apart. In the brightly lit loft, Mandy's skin seemed to glow. Her breasts were perfect. Full and firm, long pink nipples taut and bumply. Jenny couldn't remember ever wanting anything as much as she wanted to feel those nipples in her mouth.

She began by licking under each breast, her tongue tracing the half circle of full flesh she found there. Once again, she lingered between the two breasts, in that spot where the skin sloped together. She licked and sucked and even blew tiny bubbles against that tender flesh, making Mandy moan and whisper Jenny's name. Mandy had waited so long for this, she didn't want to ruin it by moving too fast, but she wanted Jenny so much. Jenny lingered over each breast, making love to all but the throbbing centers, leaving the best for last. Finally, she lifted her head directly over one of the beautiful pink nipples and just touched it with her tongue. Lightly flicking it, barely touching it, just enough to send a jolt of pleasure through Mandy. She circled and teased the nipple, causing it to harden further, reach out to Jenny's hot pinkness. Slowly, Jenny's tongue moved around the base of Mandy's aching nipple. Slowly, her mouth lowered over the distended flesh. 

Just when Mandy felt she couldn't stand another minute, Jenny enclosed the entire nipple in her mouth, her lips making a tight seal on Mandy's breast, her nipple pulled deeply into the warmth of Jenny's mouth. And Jenny sucked, with all her knowledge of nipples, she sucked that pink nipple and the surrounding nerve endings deep into her mouth. She heard Mandy moan, felt her jump from the excitement, felt her arch her back to move deeper into Jenny's mouth. Ah, it was just what Jenny had hoped for, feeling a woman's erect nipple in her mouth and observing Mandy's reaction. She could have stayed here forever, nursing on this magnificent tit.

The only thing that made her release the delicious nipple was the promise of the other one. She hungrily moved to Mandy's other breast, teasing and laving and finally sucking the engorged nipple into her mouth. She kept her hand on the abandoned one, pinching and scratching it, making Mandy cry out with pleasure. Jenny realized that she loved doing this, felt natural lying with her friend and giving her such joy. Mandy had her arms around Jenny, her hands under Jenny's shirt, her fingers busily working the clasp on Jenny's bra. Suddenly she was still, her hands stopped moving, her breathing stopped. Mandy was on the verge of an orgasm, one that was starting deep within. As her body started spasming, jerking beneath Jenny, she called out and said Jenny's name over and over. Jenny just kept the nipple in her mouth and rode out the storm, feeling the nipple engorging even further as the powerful orgasm engulfed her friend. 

Mandy had to return the pleasure. As her breathing returned to normal, she held Jenny and kissed her deeply. She ran her lips over Jenny's mouth, jaw and down her neck. She was tender and loving, but determined. Today, she too would taste a womanly nipple, get the joy of making love to a responsive woman, her Jenny. Her fingers worked at Jenny's buttons, kissing her way down her scented skin. Her fingers returned to the bra clasp and quickly opened it. Jenny surprised her by shrugging out of her shirt, removing her own bra and dropping it to the floor. She stretched out on the bed, her arms above her head, her small, firm breasts offered to Mandy with no restriction. Jenny could not wait another minute to feel Mandy's mouth on her.

Mandy looked at the lovely breasts, capped by hard, bumply brown nipples. Jenny's vanilla scent intoxicated her, filling her entire head with the deliciously soft fragrance. She moved closer to Jenny, her fingers marking Jenny as hers, touching all the skin she had been craving for so many weeks. Jenny just sighed and offered herself to Mandy, waiting for her skilled touch to reach her aching breasts. Everywhere that Mandy touched seemed to burn with icy hot excitement. Jenny found herself moaning and almost vibrating as Mandy explored her upper body. 

They both knew, without speaking, that below the waist was still off-limits. But they had the whole world of breasts and backs and necks and lips to explore. Mandy moved her mouth and fingers together over Jenny's breasts, making her shiver with pleasure. Jenny felt the haze coming over her, felt the loss of control she knew so well. As Mandy's mouth began working on her left nipple, Jenny just gave in to the feelings, the need that was building. Her small fingers were in Mandy's blond curls, holding her head tightly against her chest. Jenny wanted so much, she didn't even know for sure what, just that this was something that felt so good, so right. Mandy's thigh was pressed between Jenny's legs and even that felt right. Jenny rode that tight bluejeaned thigh as she slipped into the red haze of total sexuality. Nothing mattered now except to be released from the feelings building within her. 

The heat was almost unbearable, almost tangible as Jenny pushed her hungry pussy against Mandy's leg and surrendered to the joy of her soft mouth suckling her. Mandy moved her thigh, rocking it between Jenny's legs, rubbing up against the swollen pussy she could practically smell. Jenny was moaning, whimpering, begging for release. Mandy's mouth continued its ministrations, moving back and forth between the needy nipples, keeping them both hard and achy. Her thigh rubbed against Jenny's innocent cunt, causing Jenny to squirm with delight. Jenny felt the heat gathering in her center, knew she was so close to coming. Her hips moved faster now, rubbing against Mandy with a need she couldn't control. Mandy's mouth was suckling harder, deeper. 

Then Jenny felt it, the release bubbling through her body. She clutched Mandy's face to her chest, wrapped her legs around Mandy's hips and just let the orgasm course through her. Her deep-throated cries thrilled Mandy. She had wanted to pleasure Jenny, show her that loving was a good thing, nothing to be afraid of. As Jenny returned to reality, as she started breathing normally again, she looked at Mandy with a mixture of love and awe. They held each other and felt their heartbeats return to normal. 

The adventure had begun.

To Be Continued...