 "Sweat dripping over my body! Dancing getting just a little naughty! Let's get dirrty!!!" 

It blared over the stadium loudspeakers. Enticing the crowd to move their asses and get down and dirty. This song was Christina Aguilera's new anthem, her official transformation from "the genie in a bottle" to this sexual beast. This was my first Christina concert but I had admired her music for quite some time, I always thought she had one of the most beautiful voices ever and decided I wanted to hear how she sounded live. 

Her impact was certainly being felt here at the Shoreline Amphitheatre. As I looked around, I could see girls in tight t- shirts and halter tops dancing their asses off and getting quite dirty. So many cute young girls getting freaky and expressing themselves so freely, this was absolutely wonderful. 

My friend Jenna was dancing very suggestively with a very hot brunette and I grew envious. They were gyrating their hips in tune with the music as they freaked each other and I couldn't help but notice how sexy their dancing was. Sweat was dripping off their exposed flesh, the heat and closeness of their bodies creating a web of hot passion.

The combination of hot summer air and the amount of people dancing and mingling created a very feverish atmosphere. I wiped the sweat off my forehead and watched Christina on stage, performing her ass off and rocking the crowd. There was sexual tension everywhere.

The girl on my right was a cutie, blonde, probably 18 or 19, wearing a tight little skirt and a ridiculously revealing top. As she danced, sweat glistened off her firm chest. I stared in awe as this girl rocked her body, swaying seductively to the blasting music.

I nodded my head in agreement with her sexy dancing and she looked right at me. I was somewhat embarrassed, she had caught me staring at her lovely body. Laughing, I playfully began dancing too to try to lighten the situation. As I did, she slowly danced her way over to me and put her arms around my shoulders. Shocked, I looked her right in the eye. She had an intense look on her face, serious yet somewhat playful at the same time. It was very sexy nonetheless and I could feel the sexual tension between us as she grinded her body against mine.

Suddenly, she threw one leg up and hooked it around my waist and really started getting into it. Instinctively, I grabbed her leg and started stroking her bare skin. It was hot and moist to the touch, beads of sweat cascaded down her thigh as I massaged it. Pulling her skirt up, I revealed more of her sweaty flesh, her sexually arousing scent intoxicating me. 

I kissed the girl deeply, our lips meshing together in a wet embrace as I tightened my grip on her thigh. My nails dug into her moist skin while we kissed and it felt so animalistic as we danced together. I gripped her hips as we moved in sync to the tune of the booming music. We did not even know each other's names and yet, here we were, kissing and grinding away with people all around us. It certainly wasn't bothering anybody, there were lots of girls getting down and dirty.

Our frenzied kissing soon grew out of control and we decided we should head for a slightly less crowded area. We walked hand in hand to a dark hallway adjacent to the main stage that had restricted access. The guard was facing the stage and busy trying to keep people from getting too close to the special effects. We giggled as we snuck right through and made our way to the end of the hall.

It was dark and humid in the spacious but empty hallway, we figured it was some kind of transport area where props were kept and moved. Nonetheless, it was going to be our hook up spot for now and our passion was not going to prevent us from getting our groove on. The risk of getting caught made this all the more exciting I thought to myself as our hands explored each other's bodies more thoroughly. Reaching for her juicy breasts, I pulled her top down and kissed her passionately as her hands locked onto my firm ass.

"Mmmmmm, these feel so nice, " I said as I gave her breasts a firm squeeze.

She simply smiled, and without saying a word, pulled my shorts down to my ankles. I gasped at her aggressive nature but did little to stop her. The rush had completely overwhelmed me and I was going to let her do anything she wanted to me. 

"Bend over baby, " she ordered while she smacked my ass hard.

"Ooohhh..." 

I moaned lightly as she pulled my thong aside and stuck her fingers inside me. I was already dripping wet and my pussy throbbed with excitement as she probed it with her sticky fingers. 

"Naughty little slut. Look how wet you are, " she said as her fingers continued to work inside my hot wet pussy.

I could only moan in response.

"Mmmmm...ohhhhhhh..."

She pulled her fingers out slowly and stuck them inside her mouth to savor my taste. I whimpered as she sucked on her fingers and licked them clean before sticking them back in me. Thrusting her fingers in and out of me with more force, she slapped my ass really hard, causing me to moan louder. I could barely control myself when she finally put her lips to my pussy and sucked on it, savoring my juices with pleasure.

"Oh God! That feels so good..." I moaned as she licked and sucked my soaking wet snatch. Spreading my ass cheeks as far as she could, she buried her face in my crotch and used her tongue vigorously. I could feel the juices stirring inside me and dripping out onto her face while she ate me and it felt incredible. I wanted to scream but she stuffed her fingers in my mouth and told me to be quiet while she worked it. I sucked and licked her fingers clean, tasting my own pussy juices.

I must have creamed her face pretty darn good because when she finally got out from under me, her face was wet and glazed with my cum.

"Mmmm, damn you taste good!," she told me as I tried to regain my composure.

"Ooohhh...Kiss me baby," I whispered. She brought herself up and pressed her soft, moist lips to mine as we shared my love juices. My legs still trembling from orgasm, I turned her around and pushed her back against the wall and dropped to my knees.

"My turn sexy, let me eat your pussy."

Reaching under her skirt I pulled her panties down to her ankles. I looked up at her beautiful young face and saw the lust in her eyes. Returning my focus to her hot, young snatch, I licked her with wild passion. Her pussy was wet as my tongue probed her virgin slit.

She grabbed my hair and threw her head back, eyes closed, her breath coming in low moans. My tongue found her stimulated clit and wrapped around it, covering it in my saliva. My tongue met her increasing wetness with much anticipation, all the while more and more juices flowing from her hot pussy. The wetness was overwhelming, so much, in fact, that it ran down her thighs.

My tongue traced her love trail as I slowly savored her taste and drove her into ecstasy and into the clutches of a powerful orgasm. She continued to cream, her come flowing like a river all the way down her moist legs and I did not hesitate to lick up every last drop. 

My fingers found her love hole and I slid one into her easily. She was tight but I wanted to push her so I followed with another finger. Her moans were becoming more consistent and inspired me to go even further. I slowly worked in a third finger and this really caused her to squirm. She began to move her hips in unison with my fingers, her moans now a guttural rasp starting somewhere deep in her throat and pouring her very soul out through her mouth as she was elevated to a state of passion beyond our atmosphere. 

I sucked and sucked until she nearly collapsed against the wall, short of breath and panting heavily. I caressed her thighs lightly as I rested my head in between them. Her flesh was hot and sticky with sweat and cum and the feeling of it meshed against my skin brought out the lust in me. 

I slid my way up her body and locked lips with the drained young cutie and whispered naughty things in her ear. All she could muster were some light moans and a nod of her head. I stroked her soft hair and rubbed up against her face, alternating kisses on her cheek and mouth. 

The air was hot and humid as our nasty session was brought to a climax. I looked deep in her blue eyes and could see her lost innocence, shattered by arousing music and uncontrollable lust. Suddenly, the girl extended her tongue and licked my face as she squeezed my breasts, she was truly insatiable!

After making out for another minute or so, we quickly got dressed and decided to head back out to enjoy the rest of the concert. I grabbed her hand and we walked down the dark corridor and out into the crowd. 

We rejoined the mass of people and continued rockin out to Christina's music when my friend Jenna came over to me and placed her arm around my shoulder.

"Hey you, where did you go? Lost you for about a good fifteen minutes or so," she said to me.

Smiling, I replied, "Just making a new friend."

Jenna raised her eyebrow and smirked at me. She noticed the cutie rubbing up against me and giggled.

"Well, let's get down! Christina fuckin rocks!"

I grabbed her arm and pulled her into me as my new friend joined us in a very erotic dance. As we cavorted to the blistering hip hop beat, I thought to myself, I've gotta go to more concerts.