 The following story is a work of fiction and does not depict any actual persons or events. Any likeness to actual persons or events is purely coincidental. All parties engaging in sexual activity are of legal age of 18 and consenting adults. This is for entertainment purposes and is not an avocation for the activities contained herein. This story does not contain graphic sex so look elsewhere if that is what you need. I need to seriously thank Trigometric Dreamer for helping with the job of editing. Please take a moment and vote if you like the story. Thanks. 

***** 

The story I am going to tell happened six months ago. Needless to say my world has turned into a rollercoaster since. 

My name is Samantha Smith but I am known as Sam and have been called that since I was a toddler. I have been married to my husband Jim for almost 21 years. We got married right after high school because I found out that I was pregnant just before we graduated. Jim got a great job working for his father, so we've been very fortunate. Our twins were born later that year and I was a stay-at-home mom till they entered school at age four. 

I then became a full time college student as I had always dreamed of being a school teacher. I worked hard and with summer school I finished in three years, including doing my student teaching. The next school year I was hired to teach 10th grade English. Counting the current school year I have been teaching 17 years. I love what I do and believe I do a good job. The twins are now in their last year of college and doing well. Jim has now taken over his father's prosperous business and all things considered we are doing well. 

Jim works hard and sometimes works long hours. Saturday's usually find him on the golf course for 36 holes. He usually comes home not just completely worn out but more than a little tipsy as well. He doesn't have to drive far because we own a house in a gated community that has four golf courses. He usually leaves the house around 7AM then returns around 5PM. In our gated community we are allowed to drive anywhere in a golf cart and that is what Jim does so I don't worry about him driving a car while drunk. If he has too much to drink the barman calls and I walk over and drive Jim home in the golf cart. But, what is the purpose of this? Jim and I have rarely have sex. I get so horny I cannot stand it. I've never cheated on Jim but have come close a couple of times. Nothing more than heavy making out but it could have turned into something else and thankfully I had the common sense to stop. 

A little more about me, I'm 5'9", weigh about the same as I did in high school, 130, with strawberry blonde hair, almost ginger but not quite. I've been told I have great legs and yes I do work out. My breasts are larger than in high school as I breastfed the twins till they were 18 months old. Luckily for me, my breasts never went south but went from a generous C to a large D. Upstanding erect nipples that love to be played with and sucked although like I said that is a rare occurrence these days. I do get horny and have an assortment of toys to play with but cheating is not something I would consider. 

I work in a school district just outside of Dallas and work in a relatively large high school of about 2,000 students. It is considered to be one of the best schools in the Dallas area and the district strategy is strong teacher training. The policy is for every teacher in the district to receive some type of formal training every school year. Usually, the training is in the Dallas area so the teacher only misses one or two days of school and doesn't need to travel. I always look forward to the training because it keeps me abreast of new ideas and thoughts. Also, I get to see colleagues from different schools. 

My training this year was to take place in Denver and I would be attending with one other teacher from my school district. I would be leaving on Tuesday after school and returning the next Sunday. The flights and hotel plus money for meals were covered by the district. If I wanted to drink, then I was expected to pay. No problem. 

The other teacher, who incidentally I didn't know, was a 7th grade English teacher whose name is Becky Smith. I found out she was married, had two kids, and was 37 years old. Other than that I didn't know anything about her till we met at the airport on Tuesday. 

We were told to take professional clothes and something nice to wear to a semi-formal dinner on Saturday night. This wasn't a problem because we are expected to wear professional clothes to work. 

I packed on Monday night so I could drive straight to the airport after school. I was hoping Jim would come home early enough we could have sex but that wasn't to be as he stopped at the clubhouse and had a few too many then came home and went straight to bed. Our marriage, although hugely financially successful, was no longer a marriage of love and devotion to each other. 

Tuesday was a normal school day except I had to prepare lesson plans for the substitute for three days. Not something any teacher looks forward to but it had to be done. I left the school at the usual time for the hour long drive to DFW. I parked in the long term car park and rode the shuttle to the terminal. I checked my luggage and received the boarding pass when Becky arrived right behind me. 

We introduced ourselves and asked why we had never met. Becky taught in a different school in a different location so meeting was difficult. My impression of Becky was that she was very attractive and looked young. She could easily pass for a 30-year-old. She had blonde hair and seemed to be about 5'6", slightly shorter than me. 

We sat next to each other on the plane where we got to know each other much better. Becky was extremely easy to talk to and found humor in everything. She was such a positive and fun-loving person I knew that attending the conference with her was going to be fun. We each had two glasses of wine on the plane and weren't feeling any pain when we landed in Denver. 

We flagged down a taxi and were soon whisked to our hotel. When we checked in we realized there was a problem. We were expecting two king rooms but we got only one. The reservations were for Sam and Becky Smith and they thought we were a couple. The hotel was the main hotel used for the conference and every room was booked. Becky suggested we just share the room as the bed was very big. I thought I have not shared a bed with anyone but my husband since before we were married but Becky seemed really nice and she was my age and married with two kids. So why not? I said, "Ok, let's share the room." The hotel was very apologetic but there was nothing they could do; however, they did comp dinner that night with all the wine we could drink. You just can't turn down an offer like that. 

Our room was very nice, just a standard king, but it was spacious and the bathroom was very large with twin mirrors and a walk-in shower. We unpacked and decided to shower before dinner. I am definitely not a prude, I'm proud of my body, I work hard to maintain it and when the opportunity arises I wear a bikini, however, I am not used to undressing in front of another woman, walking around with very little on, or sharing a bathroom. Becky was thinking the same thing as she asked how we were going to handle this. We decided one of us would shower, and then get dressed while the other showered, and then would put on make-up on while the other got dressed. It seemed to work, so we were relieved. 

Dinner was awesome and between us we got through three bottles of really good wine. Becky loved wine as much as I did and during the course of the evening we got to know each other really well, of course three bottles of wine loosened our tongues. 

I told Becky of my sexual frustrations and how Jim never had time for me. Becky asked if he was having an affair and I said he has two mistresses, whiskey and golf. Becky laughed but said that she understood. She said that the excitement had gone from her marriage too and thought her husband had a girlfriend that he saw occasionally but he was a good dedicated father to their children who were just entering high school. I told Becky that I had come to rely on toys and I had actually brought one with me but now that we were roommates it would have to stay in the suitcase. She laughed and said that she had one which saw too much action as well. 

We became good friends that night. We became comfortable talking about anything and nothing was off limits. We found ourselves talking about sex. Both of us had gotten married young and weren't terribly experienced before marriage. Becky asked if I had every considered having an affair and I replied, "No, not really". I don't want to get involved with anyone at school and was afraid of going to bars because of STD's. 

I asked Becky if she had ever had an affair. She hadn't for the same reasons. I am not sure how it came up but she asked if I had ever experienced a woman and I replied, "No I was pregnant when I graduated from HS and never really had an opportunity." Becky had attended a four-year college and actually had female roommates but she said that she had only experimented a little, like kissing and fondling breasts but had never had sex with another female. We both admitted that under the right circumstances we might be bi-curious. 

We finished off our meal with a wonderful but powerful Irish coffee. We left a generous tip and decided it was time to return to our room. I soon discovered that although standing was a little difficult, walking was more of a problem. We held each other up as we staggered to our room. Entering the room, we just collapsed on the bed, dressed as we were. I told Becky that we had to get undressed and get under the covers before we went to sleep. I helped her remove her blouse and her pants. 

Being a gym rat, I was impressed with Becky's body. She had a hard washboard stomach. Long lean legs and nice breasts encased in her bra and no, it wasn't padded, they were real. She was wearing a barely-there thong and a sexy bra which I left on. I folded her clothes and then got out of my own clothes and left my bra and panties on. 

We simply crashed that night. We had started drinking on the plane and then shared three bottles of wine plus Irish coffee which was much more than what I'm used to and I was pretty sure it was more than Becky was used to as well. We had a wonderful time and shared a lot of private info about our lives. I felt I had known Becky all my life although, in reality, we had met only a few hours ago. 

Our first meeting of the day was to start at 10:00, registration from 9:00 till 10:00. We didn't wake up till 9:00. When I woke up I was wrapped up with Becky, face to face with our arms around each other. We were so close I could feel her breath. I opened my eyes and couldn't remember a lot about the night before and was pretty sure we didn't get in bed holding each other. I removed my hand from Becky's butt and she stirred and said this is wonderful we should do this more often. I apologized but Becky said that we hadn't done anything wrong. Suddenly, we realized what time it was and jumped up. Then the hangover caught us and we sat down again. 

We realized that we had to rush because we were really late. Becky asked who was getting the first shower and I replied, "The shower is large enough for four or five people and has lots of shower heads. So let's shower together and save time." She agreed and with that we got up removed our underwear and got in the shower. 

Like I said before I am not a prude but this was a new experience. We stared at each other's beautiful body. We both had long legs, and natural breasts that did not need a lift. I thought I had large nipples but nothing compared to Becky's. Becky's breast was shaped like a large cone and her areola and nipples just stuck straight out. The entire front third of Becky's breast was a nipple. Becky's bush was trimmed with a small patch right above her vagina while I kept mine waxed, so I was totally hairless. I saw her looking and told her that I had become so much more sensitive since the wax job. Becky said that maybe she should have it done too since she had to shave every week and it got old. 

We had known each other less than 24 hours. But we were already comfortable with being nude around each other. I found Becky extremely beautiful in body, mind, and spirit. I wondered what she thought about me. I felt I was a little older and a little more reserved than Becky. I thought under the right circumstances she might have a hidden wild streak. 

We registered, got large coffees and a Danish, all before 10:00. We received a conference schedule and we both had the same seminars, two in the morning and two in the afternoon each lasting an hour. We realized we had a fair amount of free time but wanted to take part in everything the conference had to offer. 

During lunch we planned our week and what we wanted to do and see. We both agreed that the conference came first and anything we did after the conference would be a bonus. We wanted to eat at different, but famous restaurants every night, and there were a few bars we wanted to visit. Besides that, we wanted to shop at a large mall with different stores than we had in Dallas. 

The conference ended for the day so we went back to our room before dinner. We had reservations at a very popular restaurant and then there was a bar next door that had music and dancing. Neither of us professed to be good dancers but I could, when the occasion called for it, shake my booty. 

We decided to dress up a little so we both stripped and showered together. There was no touching in the shower but I have to admit that I got a little excited taking a shower with someone as hot as Becky. 

We both had short dresses and heels to wear so we did look like a couple leaving the hotel. The restaurant lived up to its reputation and dinner was delicious. We didn't overdo the drinks but we both had two margaritas each. When we finished we walked next door to the bar and the place was hopping. We did manage to find a table with a view of the band and then Becky started drinking. Of course we didn't buy our own drinks. We were constantly being hit on by young college guys and the drinks flowed in freely because of our suitors. However, I was still not drinking. Finally, her resistance weakened and Becky finally agreed to a dance with a young 22-year-old college student. I guess we both fit the mold of a MILF. The dance was hot and I discovered Becky could shake her booty too. 

Becky stayed on the dance floor for four or five dances and was really enjoying herself. She returned to the table and killed three of the drinks. I told her to take it steady as she wasn't drinking water. She turned and returned to the dance floor with her young man. Their dancing became even sluttier and finally a slow dance was played. Becky's partner was all over her and Becky, apparently, was enjoying the attention. He slowly pulled Becky's dress up till her thong was in clear view. Her partner now had the thong to one side and was rubbing her clit. Becky was enjoying it! I rushed to the dance floor and pulled Becky back to the table. I thought she had been drugged with perhaps a date rape drug but Becky was totally coherent, just drunk, and horny. 

We were sitting at a long table next to some other women and I mentioned the date rape drug and the woman sitting next to me said "men don't use that anymore because they would face a prison sentence. Now they spike the drink with female Viagra. It's completely legal and the sex is much hotter." 

Becky's dance partner came over and demanded that she return to the dance floor. I told him to get lost and then he became belligerent and began creating a scene. 

I was holding Becky up and trying to defend her at the same time and I wasn't doing a good job. Lucky for me the bouncers saw what was happening and came to my rescue. They got us a taxi and we were able to make our escape. 

Becky was extremely horny in the taxi going back to the hotel but I managed to get her back to our room without any problems. Once again I found myself undressing Becky but she was a little more cooperative and was trying to undress me as well. I didn't mind an early night so I slipped my dress off and got in bed. 

Becky found me within five minutes and wanted to hug and kiss. The Viagra that had been in her drink had made her super horny. She was all over the bed and then she was on top of me. I was not going to take advantage of my new friend, especially since she had been drugged and was drunk. She was extremely beautiful and I admit I felt an attraction towards her but not in this condition. I allowed her to hug me until she went to sleep and then I went to sleep and once again, the next morning we woke up in each other's arms. 

Sometime during the night Becky had managed to get my breasts out of my bra so they were now openly displayed. Becky's hand was caressing them and I found that highly erotic. The effects of the drug had now worn off and even though Becky and I were holding each other she was embarrassed by what had happened the night before. We chatted, each comfortable in the other's arms, about what could have happened and decided to be a couple and watch either's back for the remainder of our stay. 

We had woken up early today and had plenty of time but we still got in the shower together. I was washing my front when I felt Becky washing my back. I told her how good it felt and she said that maybe I would wash hers. There was a definite sexual charge in the air as I washed her back and legs. 

Becky turned around and asked if I wanted to do the front too. This was getting a little too daring on my part but I started with Becky's breasts and washed every part paying extra attention to her nipples which were standing at attention. Then I washed her vagina and gave her hard clitoris an extra rub or two. I realized I was crossing into dangerous territory and tried to back off. 

But, Becky pushed me against the shower wall and kissed me. My first kiss ever with a female. She pushed her tongue in my mouth and I responded with my own. Her hands found my breasts and then her mouth found them as well. I think I could have come from just having my nipples sucked and Becky did suck them well! I told her, "Let's get out of the shower". 

Becky pushed me on my back on the bed and then climbed on top of me while kissing me. I was more aroused than any time in my life. My pussy was on fire and the more Becky teased me the more aroused I became. Finally, her fingers found my vagina and I had a monster of an orgasm. I usually have a quiet orgasm but this time I'm sure the entire hotel heard me. 

Becky's mouth followed her hand and soon I felt her tongue playing with my clitoris. It had been years since the last time my husband went down on me and I felt like I was in heaven. For a woman who had never had sex with another woman Becky really knew what to do. I had two more orgasms before she raised her head up to kiss me. I welcomed her tongue in my mouth tasting my own juices. 

Becky said "this is far better than having sex with a man!" I agreed, like a different world better. How can anyone describe having sex with a woman, gentle, light touch, making love to a sensual body, I could go on and on. Don't misunderstand as I loved having sex with my husband, I loved to be fucked but it was more of a physical act. You don't have to be an athlete to have wonderful sex with a woman. 

I had never sexually touched another woman and all I knew to do was what I liked so that is what I did and Becky seemed to enjoy it. I sucked her nipples and her nipples got huge, much to my astonishment, how could they get any larger? Then I feasted on her clitoris taking a break every so often to tongue fuck her. Her orgasms matched mine. I loved the taste of her pussy. 
