 Background Note: My name is J.C., and I'm a 40-something woman living in a major city on the east coast of the United States. I am a senior executive at a major healthcare company, so I have to be discreet. Several years ago, my marriage ended suddenly for reasons I don't want to go into here. Up until then, I had a very conventional, monogamous, "vanilla" sex life. For some reason, the end of my marriage triggered a sexual awakening in me. Over the past year or so, I have embarked on a series of adventures that have profoundly changed me and my view of myself as a sexual person. In short, I have done things I never dreamed of doing, and have loved every minute of it. I've decided to share my stories with you readers. I hope you enjoy them, and that they inspire you to fulfill your own secret fantasies. 

The Conference

Indianapolis! Of all the places to have a major healthcare conference. And in the middle of winter too. I guess Miami, New Orleans, and Las Vegas were all booked (ha ha). I was anticipating three days of snow, ice and boredom, but it was an important conference so I had to go. No one else from my office was going, but I would have one friend there who I will call Katie. "Katie" was in her late 20s. She was a rising star at her company, a competitor of ours in another state. I'd known her informally for several years, mostly through meetings like this one. She was really smart and fun to be around, so I always looked forward to seeing her. 

Our schedules didn't allow us to get together the first day of the conference, but we were finally able to meet for a drink at the hotel bar on the second day. After some chitchat and industry gossip, the topic of conversation inevitably turned to how bored we were, and how much we missed being at home. 

"These conferences are really a pain," she said. "My boyfriend is going to a wedding in Napa Valley this weekend, and I could be there with him. Instead I'm stuck here."

I thought to myself that I wouldn't mind a romantic weekend in Napa Valley with a good-looking young man, but I let that thought pass. "I know, but it's part of the deal. You have to show up and network. Maybe we'll even learn something at one of the sessions."

"Yeah, right – like new FDA regulations for antidepressant advertising. That's really thrilling stuff."

"OK, but the networking is important. Are you going to the sponsor's banquet tonight?"

"Yes, I'm going. Can't decide what I'm looking forward to more – the overcooked chicken or the overcooked salmon. Hopefully, the CEO's remarks won't go on for too long and I can get back to my hotel room by 8:00. There's a movie on I'd like to see that my boyfriend won't watch with me." 

I had seen that listing too. I thought to myself that we must be bored if we were both checking the TV guide in the morning! The movie was a romantic story about two young lovers. It got really good reviews, but Katie was right – it wasn't that appealing for men. "Why don't we watch it together?" I said, "It'll be girl's night in – we'll put on our PJs, and I've got a bottle of chardonnay stashed in my room."

"Best offer I've heard all week. I'll see you at 8:00 or so – whenever I can escape."

When I got back from dinner, I took a quick shower and changed into my pajama bottoms and a tank top. I was a little concerned that Katie would think I was a slob, but I didn't really worry about it. After all, it was girl's night! I poured myself a glass of wine and settled down in front of the TV. 

After a few minutes, there was a knock on the door. It was Katie. "Sorry I'm late," she said, giving me a kiss on the cheek, "I wanted to freshen up after that long day."

Katie was wearing the long terrycloth robe that comes with the room. It struck me as odd. I would never have walked around a hotel wearing a robe, especially with so many people that know me around. I figured younger people were less uptight about that sort of thing.

Little did I know. "Make yourself comfortable," I said. "I'll find the movie." Katie got herself a glass of wine and came over to join me on the coach. As she walked over, she took off the robe to reveal that her "PJs" consisted of a tiny pair of white panties and a skintight white camisole that ended above her belly button. "You DID say it was girl's night," she giggled as she sat down.

I couldn't help but notice that Katie had a really amazing body. Personally, I'm in great shape (if I do say so myself). I'm a marathon runner and a gym fanatic. Particularly after my divorce, I make a point of being in top shape at all times. I have long, natural red hair, and full, natural 36 C breasts that have always been a source of pride for me. I'm always very careful about my hygiene, and keep my pussy neatly trimmed but not bare, so you can tell that the "carpet matches the drapes." But Katie looked like she could be a swimsuit model. She had long, thick, luxurious brown hair and smoky brown eyes. She was thin, but very curvy, with full breasts and ass. Her exposed tummy looked like you could bounce quarters off it. "Her boyfriend is a lucky guy," I thought. 

The movie lived up to its billing. The star-crossed lovers were both really attractive, and the plot made me think fondly about my past relationships. It had been a while since I had been with anyone, so I admit that I got a little horny as well. I wasn't the only one. We had been mostly quiet during the movie, sipping our wine and lost in our own thoughts, so I was surprised when I looked over at Katie as the credits rolled by and saw that she was absent-mindedly stroking her pussy through her panties. As her outfit left little to the imagination, I could also see that her nipples were hard. "She really does miss her boyfriend," I thought.

As I said before, my sex life up until then was that of a typical monogamous married couple. We had some good times when we were young, but gradually it settled into a comfortable, predictable routine. Frankly, I didn't spend a lot of time thinking about sex – I enjoyed it when I had it, and that was about it. I never thought about being unfaithful, and I certainly never thought about sex with a woman. All that was about to change.

What happened next was pretty surreal for me. I honestly felt like I was outside my body watching myself, because I had never done anything like this in my life. I slid over to Katie on the couch and put my arm around her. "Wow – it looks like this movie really makes you miss your boyfriend," I whispered to her.

Katie was pretty embarrassed. She had clearly forgotten that she wasn't alone. She jerked her hand out of her crotch and pulled away from me. "I...I...wasn't thinking," she stammered. 

"That's OK," I whispered to her, stroking her shoulder as I pulled her back toward me, "the movie made me horny too. Maybe we can help each other out." With that, I started kissing her cheek and neck. 

"But...but...I've never...I mean...I don't know what to do."

I didn't either, but that wasn't going to stop me now. I wanted sex, and I wanted Katie, and I was going through with it no matter what. "I think we can figure it out," I whispered. I kissed her on the lips and moved my hand from her shoulder to her tit.

I had never felt another woman's tit before. Let me tell you, it's nothing like feeling your own. It's hard to explain – it's just more alive I guess, responding to your touch. And Katie was very responsive! Her nipples were already erect, but as I started stroking them through the thin fabric of her top, they seemed to grow even bigger and Katie started to breathe heavily and moan a little under her breath. In no time I pulled the camisole over her head and began licking and sucking her nipples. The moaning grew louder and Katie started to squirm. 

I admit that I was fascinated with Katie's tits. They were smaller than mine, very firm and toned. Her areolas were dark, perfect circles. Since I am pale complexioned, the contrast was very exciting to me. I pulled off my own top and started rubbing my tits against Katie's. By now, I was breathing heavily and squirming a bit myself. 

Katie might have been inexperienced with women, but she wasn't a prude. She began fondling and sucking my tits, and soon I felt her hand undoing the drawstring of my pajama bottoms. I wriggled them off. I never wear panties to bed, so I was fully naked now. Katie still had her tiny white panties on, which I really liked. I decided to leave them on for a while. They seemed to be getting a little damp in front, so I figured her pussy needed some attention. I started stroking her pussy through her panties, feeling the outlines of her labia and clit. The moaning grew louder and her hips started to thrust forward insistently. Within a minute or two, I felt her stiffen as she screamed out loud. She had come. 

In terms of orgasms, I've always been a "one and done" kind of gal – it takes me a while to reach my climax, but when I do, it's very intense, and that's usually it for me. I have read about so-called multiple orgasms in magazines like Cosmo, but I never really believed it. So when Katie came, I instinctively pulled back, assuming we'd cuddle for a while. Much to my surprise, Katie's orgasm just seemed to increase her excitement. She pulled her panties off (I noted the very nicely trimmed dark bush approvingly) and began eagerly caressing me all over my body. 

"You have such an awesome body," she said, "I'm sooo jealous of you."

"Are you kidding? You look like a bikini model. I'm just a middle aged gal who works out a lot."

"No way. Your tits are perfect. I love how big and full they are. And your red hair. And don't even get me started on your beautiful ass. I'd give anything for your body."

"You can have it for free," I said as she squeezed my ass while sucking on my tits. Her other hand worked its way down to my Mons Pubis and rubbed it in a slow circular motion, which drove me crazy. Without thinking about it, I started guiding her head down to my crotch. 

"I...I'm not sure how to do it right," she whispered embarrassedly. 

"I get the feeling you're going to do fine," I said as I guided her head downward while opening my legs to give her room. As my pussy reached her eye level, she stared at it in fascination. 

"It's so beautiful," she said. 

"It's all for you," I replied.

She slowly inserted a finger my wet, open pussy and started moving it in and out. My hips started moving in rhythm with her thrusts. "Put another finger in," I directed. She eagerly complied. I was really enjoying this. It had been a long time since anyone but me had touched down there. "Now use your tongue." And she started licking my clit. 

Now I've received my share of oral sex in my day, and I've always liked it. My husband was quite good at it, and could reliably get me off with his tongue. However, Katie took it to the next level. Her tongue was smaller and more gentle than a man's, and she seemed to instinctively know where to put it – my clit, my labia, my thighs, my pubis – it was like she was reading my mind. Unlike the men I've been with, she wasn't in a hurry. She seemed content to stay down there all night, licking, kissing, and fondling me. And that was fine with me.

Except that my body had other ideas. As Katie worked on my nether regions, I grew more and more excited. I'm always a bit loud during sex, so I started screaming to her.

"Yes...yes...yes...fuck me...fuck my pussy...yes... yes...YES!"

And with that I came. It was one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I felt too weak to stand. All I could do was collapse into Katie's arms. We lay there on the couch together for a while, hugging and stroking each other. After the wine and the intense session with Katie, I was feeling a bit sleepy. But I had forgotten that people Katie's age don't get tired. She stood up, took my hand, and started guiding me from the couch.

"C'mon," she said, "let's go to bed."

As I followed her over to the bed, I thought that this meeting wasn't going to be boring after all.

THE END

The stories of the sexual awakening of J.C. will continue...