 Introduction: If you haven't read Parts 1-4 of "The Converse Chronicles", then you'll probably be lost. There is a great deal of back story in the previous chapters, and the story here is a direct follow-on from a previous chapter.

*****

New Characters:

Carmen Flores - Cordelia's 40 year old mother. A bi-sexual, but predominantly lesbian woman and an ex-cop. Carmen now works in real estate and is an exquisite Latina beauty in a completely different vein than her daughter. Tall (5'10"), full-lipped, and very well endowed (naturally 38DD), Carmen's pale skin is in stark contrast to her otherwise clear Hispanic heritage. She frequently changes her hair colors to the most hilarious shades imaginable and has a flippant and humorous streak that delights all who meet her.

Carla Bellamy - Cordelia's lesbian wife. A stunning black woman who looks nowhere near her 52 years, Carla also has a daughter, Jade (introduced in Chapter 3). Carla works real estate with her partner (in more ways than one), Carmen. A lifetime of dance and martial arts has kept Carla's 5'4" frame slender and healthy despite her age.

*****

Chapter 5: A House Divided

(immediately following Chapter 3, concurrent with Chapter 4)

Flustered, confused, aroused, and completely out of sorts... Jade Bellamy drove home after her work shift at the Longhorn Steakhouse without knowing how she even got there. The events of earlier that evening still burned in the back of her mind, and ached in other places.

The brunette beauty who had all but seduced her in the restaurant, when Jade herself didn't even think of herself as bi, much less a lesbian, was a shock enough. But when she had invited her to share the man she called 'Daddy' all night long in the back of their car...

... well, she should have been outraged, she thought at first. How could a woman pursuing a Master's Degree in anthropology to further her career in counseling and human behavior even consider becoming a cheap whore in a parking lot???

It then struck her... it wasn't only perfect for her, it was almost REQUIRED of her. This was a side of human nature she was completely and utterly unfamiliar with. How could she help others with this kind of thing if she'd never known it herself? Jade had grown up in a quiet, and for the most part conservative, household. She didn't know her father, and her mother was a solid, spirited, and very unremarkable woman, or so she thought. She knew her mother hadn't dated any men as she was raising her, and the few times she meekly brought it up her mother had always brusquely responded that she didn't have time for any of that kind of nonsense.

Jade herself had almost no experience with boys, or girls, or sex in any way. It wasn't that she was ugly, far from it. She just never really understood people. Relationships, even friendships, were sometimes difficult for her because she was so naturally quiet and awkward. The furthest she had ever been with a boy in high school was some clumsy fumbling under her shirt, trying futilely to find her less than impressive breasts and nipples in the dark.

It was only later, after Jade was grown and a woman herself, that her mother had confided in her that she was truly and wholly a lesbian, and her father was nothing more than the genetic material in a test tube she had acquired so she could be a mother. This revelation had left Jade angry, and her early college years she spent in Austin, although only 90 minutes from home, were very lonely as she would never come down to visit, and rarely even interacted with her mother during that time. Jade rebelled against her nature somewhat while in her early years of college. Austin is an easy town to go wild in, and while she didn't completely lose herself in debauchery, she certainly learned enough about men and what it took to entrance and seduce them to consider herself more or less proficient in 'getting laid'.

It was working towards her degree in psychology that first opened Jade's eyes to just how wrong she had been in how she treated her mother. Texas isn't an easy place to be black. Or a woman. Or a lesbian. Being a black lesbian woman in Texas was a triple threat of trouble that Carla didn't want to expose her daughter to any more than was necessary.

Jade came home frequently in her final year of school and did all she could to repair her relationship with her mother. It was at that time that she first met Carmen and her then 16 year old daughter, Cordelia. Carmen and Carla had already worked together for many years as realtors, and there working relationship grew into something more. By the time Jade came back to the fold, so to speak, the beautifully mismatched but loving couple had moved in together and laid plans for their wedding.

Despite their differences in age (6 years) and a lack of any real interests in common, Jade and Cordelia got along well together, or at least, they never had reason to fight with each other.

2 years have passed since that time and now Jade was living in the Bellamy-Flores home, working part-time and going to UTSA full-time for her Master's degree. Jade mused that her conservative, sheltered upbringing had certainly not prepared her for her mother's bombshell announcements... but it also left her without a firm grasp of the variety of human sexual interactions.

All of this ran through her mind as she absently entered the house and made her way to her mother's study. She noted the light was on, which meant her mother was at her desk working, and she burst rather unceremoniously into the room. What she hadn't counted on was finding her mother's wife with her head buried between her mother's legs as she was perched on the edge of her desk.

"JADE!", Carla called out as Jade made an immediate U-turn and bolted from the room. "Shit", Carmen muttered unhappily. With their busy schedules this was the first time she'd had a chance to lick her wife's delicious pussy in a week. Carla scrambled up and grabbed a longcoat from the rack as she passed it in the hall so she wouldn't intrude on her daughter still naked.

"Jade, honey, let me in, baby." Carla called to her daughter's door. "No, go away Mom. I don't want to deal with all that right now. I had a weird night at work and I needed to talk to you. I'm sorry I interrupted your 'business deal'." Jade answered somewhat acidly.

Carmen had followed the pair upstairs in their spacious manor and found Carla with her head leaned against her daughter's door. "Come on, love. Give her a little space for now. I can't imagine that was any more pleasant for her than it was for us. I know you've got a full plate tomorrow, but I'll be home all day, and I know she's off work and school. I'll see if I can talk with her."

Carla gave her wife a thankful hug and a quick kiss, and hand in hand they went to the master suite. Despite the interruption, both women were still mightily aroused from the week-long forced abstinence, and before long their loving touches became more sensual... more erotic... until finally Carla, unable to wait any longer, climbed on top of Carmen and sat her dripping wet hole over her full and eager lips.

As Carmen's long tongue lapped up that nectar she had been longing for, Carla leaned forward and slipped her long, ruby-nail tipped fingers into her wife's tight, aching pussy and curling them upwards found her G-spot. As her thumb rapidly gyrated on the Hispanic woman's engorged clit, her burrowing fingers brought her to orgasm simultaneously as Carmen's skilled tongue did to her, and she flooded Carmen's mouth with her juices.

As the effects of their lovemaking wore off, the tired couple curled back together and drifted off to sleep.

***

In the morning, Carla woke early, showered, dressed, and was gone before Carmen roused herself from her blissful slumber. Throwing on a pale, rose-colored lace dressing gown, Carmen made her way upstairs to Jade's room. She quietly knocked on the door, "Jade, honey, are you awake?"

"Yes, what is it?"

"Can I come in? I know last night was a mess, but I don't want things like that to linger."

Jade, despite her still slightly simmering anger, knew that Carmen was right about that. She rose and opened her door, and flopped back onto her bed.

Carmen slipped into the room and closed the door behind her. She moved to Jade's bed and slid into it next to her. Jade looked at her questioningly, as this was not typical for Carmen at all. Carmen smiled and ran her hand through Jade's thick, luxurious hair.

"Sweetie, I know barging in on us like that was an accident, and normally your mother and I are far more careful about our... relationship. But we had hardly seen each other this last week, we were both working in her study, one thing led to another and well... you know." Carmen giggled, like a girl half her age.

Jade looked at her rather annoyed, "It wasn't just that, Carmen. I... well...", Jade wasn't sure she wanted to try and explain her encounter with the strange family to her nominal step-mother, but the feelings it had raised were still there, and the questions, and her mother wasn't around to talk to.

"What is it, sweetie?" Carmen asked, her beautiful face open and honest with concern.

"Last night at work I met... well, I met a man and his step-daughter, and they... they were... she was...", Jade fumbled and stammered for the right words to describe her encounter with the ravenous Angela and her willing to indulge step-father. Carmen inquiringly raised an eyebrow at her very intelligent step-daughter, who was rarely at a loss for words. Jade flushed and hung her head in embarrassment. Carmen put a finger under Jade's jaw and raised her eyes back to Carmen's own sapphire blue orbs.

"What did they do, Jade?"

"Well, she... Angela, she made me feel like no woman has ever felt before. I've been around you, and Mom of course, and years in college, so I know what a lesbian is. Even though I think you are a beautiful woman, I've never been attracted to you... like that. I've never been attracted to ANY woman, like that... but with Angela, it was like a light switch got turned on."

Carmen's eyes got wide, partly from Jade's story, but partly because Jade said she thought Carmen was a beautiful woman. She had never expected to hear that from her normally reserved and proper step-daughter.

"What about the man, her step-father?"

"Mmmm... now he was something else. Tall, beautiful eyes, strong build, smooth, deep voice... I could have taken orders from him all night long, and not just from the menu." Jade's voice purred with brimming excitement talking about Paul and Angela.

"Well, then what happened that has you so flustered?" Carmen asked, her curiosity rising as quickly as her libido.

"Angela, after her step-father paid the bill and they left. She had been flirting with me and talking with me all through the dinner. She ran back inside after they left and told me to come to the back of the store, to a black Dodge Charger and just watch."

Something about those names... and that car... was tugging at Carmen's consciousness. "And did you?" Carmen asked as she, unconsciously perhaps, rubbed herself through her nightgown as Jade spoke, imagining the scene.

"I... well, I started to. The car was there, and I could see it was shaking and moving. I couldn't believe it was what I thought it was... but then I saw a hand wipe away the steam from the side window, and I could make out her body on top of his."

Carmen pulled open her robe, and Jade stared at her step-mother's brazen nakedness. And a strange, new feeling came over her. As she was reliving last night's erotic encounter, she was becoming more and more aroused, and more and more aware of just how incredibly sexy Carmen's body was.

"Don't stop, Jade... don't stop", Carmen moaned.

"I moved closer and closer to the car, and when I was almost on top of it, Angela lunged forward and threw open the back door... and there they were. She had her skirt up around her waist and he was buried inside of her. We talked, sort of... and they held out their hands to me."

Carmen was furiously rubbing her clit and pinching her nipples as she listened to Jade's tale.

"I... I was so close to joining them, I didn't know what I was doing, but I knew I had to. But just then one of the kitchen staff banged open the rear door and tossed out some boxes... and the noise and everything startled me back to my senses. I couldn't do it then, and I bolted."

Carmen moaned in disappointment. Jade looked at her in confusion, "What? What was I supposed to do? I don't know how to deal with something like that!"

Carmen took her step-daughter's hand in her own and brought the fingers to her lips and slowly sucked on the tips. "Would you like me to show you, Jade? Would you like to know what it would have felt like to have Angela's lips on yours, her fingers and tongue on and in your body?"

"Wait... what?" Jade asked.

Carmen looked at her intently. "I can show you. Actually, I've WANTED to show you, but you never showed an interest. But you said earlier that you thought I was beautiful. I think YOU are beautiful, like your mother in many ways, but sensual and curvy and raw rather than sleek and subtle and refined like she is."

Jade's conflicting emotions played out in her head and her heart, each little battle a twitch of an eyelid, the tick of a lip, the turning of her head. Finally, knowing she let one opportunity for growth and knowledge escape her last night, she was determined to not make the same mistake this morning.

Without thinking, without knowing how or why, she quickly leaned forward and pressed her full lips to Carmen's, wrapping her arms around her and crushing them together in a tight embrace.

Carmen quickly regained the upper hand, leaning her longer, taller frame into and over Jade until she pushed her down to the bed. Utilizing her old training, she quickly gathered Jade's hands above her head, "Ah, ah, ah little girl. Mamacita is in charge here." Carmen reached her other hand down and expertly picked up her robe and used it to tie Jade's hands to her headboard.

Jade struggled, until Carmen laid one finger on her lips, and ran it down Jade's smooth, chocolate skin. She opened the front clasp bra she wore and let free her ripe 32B tits. Her finger made circles around Jade's engorging nipples, teasing them ever fuller. She trailed that finger down, over her belly (eliciting a giggle from Jade) and down over her panties.

Carmen moved down and pulled Jade's panties off in one motion, exposing her carefully trimmed bush and naked lips. Carmen licked her own lips and quickly dove between Jade's legs, licking and sucking the young woman's body with abandon.

Jade's moans and cries of passion reverberated around the room... until her bedroom door flung open and Carla strode in, rage pouring off her like molten lava.

"I leave you home with my daughter and THIS IS WHAT YOU DO??? You cheating whore, what the FUCK do you think you're doing???"

"Momma, no... it wasn't like that," Jade began.

"You keep your damn mouth shut young lady. I haven't even BEGUN to start with you." Carla turned her venom back on Carmen. "I come home because I forgot something I needed, already mad at myself and going to be late, and THIS is what I find? How in the HELL do you propose to explain this to me, woman?"

Carmen, looking for all the world like she wanted to die, looked up at her wife with a glint of hope in her eye. "You need to hear how this happened, but you can't right now. It would take too long and you have clients waiting. I'll just get dressed and get out of here so there's no reason for you to worry."

"You sit your caramel-colored ass down right there, UNTIE MY GOD DAMN DAUGHTER, and start talking. If you think for one GOD DAMN MINUTE I'm going to be able to deal with clients and property managers with THIS on my mind, you're higher than a kite, woman."

Carmen, with help from Jade, related the tale of Jade's encounter which led to her unwitting interruption of the women's spontaneous interlude the night before. Carmen could see some, not all certainly, but some of the fire and rage leave Carla's stance and look, as she took in all of what her wife and daughter had told her.

Finally, with a shuddering sigh, Carla looked back to Carmen, "Get out." The way she said it, Carmen knew she didn't mean it just for the day.

"What?"

"You heard me. I need you out of this house, now. I don't know what I'm going to do about this, but I can't have you here while I'm trying to sort my way through it. It will only make it worse, for both of us."

"What about my Cordelia?"

"I suppose you should have thought about YOUR daughter before you dove face first into MY daughter's pussy, now shouldn't you? That being said, she's 18 years old and I think can make her own choices. I won't force her out because of YOUR choices."

Jade was sobbing quietly into her pillows, "This is all my fault. If I hadn't freaked out last night and just fucked those crazy white folks, none of this would have happened..."

Jade's unintentionally hilarious pronouncement broke the tension in the room for the moment, and both women instinctively moved to comfort her, but Carmen quickly backed off after a murderous glance from Carla.

"I'll go pack some things. I think I know where I can stay for a few days." she said.

To be continued in Chapter 6.