 Jenny and Mandy left the hotel, climbing into Mandy's car and heading home. Home. Where they would be alone, where they could begin the adventure that both had dreamed of for months. 

Jenny felt shy when they finally walked through the door. She had wanted this for so long, but now, alone with Mandy, she felt timid. They went up the stairs to the loft, where Jenny hung her pretty black dress on a satin hanger in the closet. She turned to find Mandy behind her, watching. Mandy smiled at her, and suddenly, Jenny remembered all the things about Mandy that set her heart racing. She looked at Mandy's angelic face, her magnificent blue eyes, her succulent mouth, and felt herself relax.

They stood, kissing and pressing their bodies together. Mandy's hard nipples rubbed against Jenny's shirt, tempting her, reminding her of the joy of sucking them. Mandy was trying to take it slowly, not scare Jenny, now that she had made her choice.

They walked together to the bed and stretched out. Lying side by side, they kissed and touched, reminiscent of their first time together. But Jenny was different. She had told Anthony the truth and she was free to enjoy this time. Her fingers slid over Mandy, opening and unbuttoning, unzipping and removing. It seemed that the clothes melted away, leaving them both naked and hungry.

Jenny finally felt a woman's naked body against hers. She couldn't help thinking of the differences, the soft smoothness that was so tempting. Mandy remained very still, allowing Jenny to acclimate. Jenny smiled as she saw all of Mandy's lush body for the first time. She watched Mandy's full breasts heaving with desire, her nipples taut and ruched. Her tummy was gently sloped, the fair skin giving way to a mass of golden curls, thick and soft. Mandy had beautiful legs, shapely and slender, her thighs creamy and toned. Jenny couldn't stop admiring her friend. Then, she leaned forward to kiss her delicious mouth. Turning on their sides, the two women met in a deep kiss, one that initiated their new life. Jenny's tongue probed tentatively, entering Mandy's mouth, finding her tongue and inviting her to play. Their tongues teased and tasted, the women enjoying the freedom they had waited for all these months. Jenny wound her fingers into Mandy's blond hair, pulling her face closer. Mandy slid her silky thigh between Jenny's legs, pressing her flesh into the dampness. 

Mandy finally pulled away, kissing Jenny's downy cheek, her slender throat, finding the hollow of her neck and resting there, inhaling Jenny's fragrance. Her fingers moved ahead of her mouth, marking the trail she would follow. Mandy thought Jenny might be frightened, unable to initiate the love making. So she planned to show Jenny the things that could be done, that would give pleasure and delight. Her lips slipped over Jenny's dark brown nipple, pulling it deeply into her mouth, teasing and taunting it as she sucked happily. Jenny arched her back, moaning and sighing, wanting more. Her entire being seemed centered on that nipple and the sensations Mandy was creating. Mandy's fingers began caressing the other nipple, pinching it lightly, scratching it, driving Jenny wild with need. She lingered there, nursing and nipping at the erect brown nubs, as if there was nothing else she would rather do. 

Just when Jenny thought she might scream her desires, Mandy lifted her head and smiled. Her eyes were half closed in a drugged sexual state, her lips puffy and pink. "This is only the start, Sweetie, there is so much more to learn. Relax. Enjoy. We have all day and I have so much to show you." She returned to the engorged nipples, but did not linger there. Her eager mouth kissed the smooth skin under each breast, licked the sensitive flesh between them. Her fingers moved along Jenny's arms, their hands finally meeting and holding. She continued moving down Jenny's sweet body, slowly and tantilizingly, causing moans of delight to escape from Jenny. She was completely relaxed. She wanted this, wanted to be with Mandy totally. 

Mandy had reached her waist, the magic line. They had never before ventured here, never touched flat tummies or feasted on sweet, swollen slits. But that was before. Now they were ready to enjoy it all, to dwell on the forbidden delights.

Jenny wasn't sure that she would want to taste another woman's pussy. She knew well the delights of nipples and mouths and fingers, but she was still nervous about anything more. As she wondered if she could actually participate, Mandy's warm mouth began moving down her skin, honing in on that area previously hidden from her. Their fingers were still linked and Mandy's body was atop Jenny, keeping her in place. Her legs were spread, and Mandy slid easily between them, her face now poised over Jenny's curly brown bush. 

Mandy paused, inhaling the excited scent. She nuzzled the curls with her nose, sighing loudly as she felt the moisture there. She continued brushing her nose up and down, separating the wet curls, searching for the slit she so wanted to find. Her eyes were wide-opened as she looked down on the pretty pussy she had dreamed of for so many months. She saw the lips, pink and engorged and shiny with desire. She could even see the inner pink, so inviting. Gently, she placed her mouth over Jenny's pussy, matching lips to lips, covering the slit, slowly slipping her tongue along the swollen flesh. She french-kissed that succulent pinkness, a new suitor sure of her welcome. Jenny cried out, clasping Mandy's hands, her hips pushing against Mandy's mouth. But Mandy wanted this first time to be perfect. She let her tongue travel so lightly up and down Jenny's slit, brushing both side of the velvet pinkness, making Jenny's hips writhe with delight. She flattened her tongue, pushing deeper with each stroke, delighting in the taste and texture of her friend. She could hear the coos of pleasure above her, feel the hip thrusts as Jenny encouraged further exploration. She made her tongue pointy, probing deeper now, slipping into the deepest part of Jenny, slowly thrusting in and out. Jenny joined her, the rhythm soon perfectly meshed. Her hips danced against Mandy, encouraging anything she would care to do. But Mandy had other plans. With one last, deep thrust, she pulled her tongue out of the sweetest pussy she had ever tasted, and kissed the swollen lips. 

Then, she slowly and deliberately licked along the slit, finding Jenny's engorged clit and lapped it happily. Jenny cried out, begging for more. Mandy licked the clit carefully, circling and flicking, teasing and taunting. Jenny felt her body tightening, felt her legs grow hot and straight, knew the impending signs, knew she couldn't stop. Her hands ripped from Mandy's and she buried her fingers in Mandy's hair again, pulling her face deeper into her neediness. Mandy was thrilled, she could feel the wetness flowing over her mouth and face, knew that Jenny was about to come. She carefully slipped two fingers into Jenny's depths, thrusting them in and out in time with her tongue dance. Jenny's words became garbled, spoken with urgency and desire. Then, she stiffened, her pussy throbbing under Mandy, her juices gushing, her inner pink pulsing. Jenny's legs wrapped around Mandy, holding her there, and her fingers clutched Mandy's head with a death grip. Her cries filled the air, begging for more, begging Mandy to stop, begging her to continue. It was incredible. Finally, the storm passed and Mandy rested her sticky cheek against the sopping pussy, inhaling the pungent sexual aroma. Jenny was exhausted. Her entire body was limp and sated. Minutes passed.

Then Jenny began to stir. She pulled on Mandy's arms, encouraging her to slide up beside her. When their faces were together, Jenny inhaled deeply, smelling herself on Mandy's beautiful face. They kissed deeply again, the desire building once more. Mandy's firm nipples pressed into Jenny, making her ache to taste them.

Jenny took the lead now. She wanted to pleasure her friend, her lover. She ran her fingers down Mandy's lush body, thrilling to the smooth skin, the soft curves. She loved being with Anthony, but this was so different. Anthony was all muscle and hairiness and hard heat. With Mandy, she felt she was surrounded with softness and warmth. Every move, every touch, seemed somehow different. Tiny fingers and small mouths seemed more erotic. Every move elicited a new response. Not better, just different. Jenny allowed herself to sink into the sensations of being with Mandy. She felt the red haze engulfing her, overtaking her, freeing her.

At first, she mimicked Mandy's moves from earlier. Then, as she sunk into the sexual daze that she seemed to live in, her own innate sensuality took over. She flipped Mandy over, hiding from view the beautiful blond curls, exposing instead Mandy's tight, pale ass. She leaned over her lover, kissing her neck, lifting her hair to find that tender spot that was so incredibly sensitive. Her reward was hearing Mandy moan softly. She continued kissing Mandy's velvet skin, moving her lips slowly and deliberately down her slender neck, enjoying her soft shoulders, her satiny back. She began licking along Mandy's spine, feeling the delicate bones beneath her soft flesh. Ah, she feasted on the gentle curve of the small of her back. She licked and kissed, inhaling and nipping, feeling Mandy wriggling beneath her. 

Then she moved down. She kissed each ass cheek tenderly, her hands and mouth worshipping the beauty of Mandy. Her mouth moved happily down to the curved skin meeting her thighs. She feasted there. Mandy was delectable. Her legs spread open, inviting Jenny to kiss and linger there. Jenny tentatively touched her tongue to Mandy's bud, and felt it tighten under her. She licked it carefully, her tongue washing it with warmth and wetness. Mandy continued to moan, spreading her legs even further, lifting herself up on her knees to allow Jenny access. Jenny found herself enjoying the taste of her lover. She continued to wash her there, her tongue wide and firm, lapping up again and again. Mandy pressed back against her, her moans all the encouragement that Jenny needed. She pointed her tongue and slowly pushed it into Mandy's ass, allowing her time to become comfortable. 

God, Mandy was hot and smooth and delicious! She began probing with her tongue, feeling Mandy join her, pushing herself into Jenny. Her pussy was wide opened, her golden curls sparkling with moisture. Jenny leaned forward, never stopping her exploration, and slid a finger into Mandy. It was hot and deep, a different texture than her own pussy, a different scent filling her nostrils. But she loved it. Mandy was whimpering, begging for more. More fingers. More depth. Jenny continued her tongue thrusts, but added one finger, then two, into Mandy's needy pussy. The grunting sounds filling the air were so sexual, the body movements so graphic, Jenny couldn't have stopped. She was past all reason, all fears, just full of need and lust and the desire to please her lover. 

Quickly she flipped onto her back, slipping her face under Mandy's dripping cunt. She took her wet fingers and inserted one deep into Mandy's ass, continuing the rhythm. She pulled Mandy down, until she was totally engulfed in her wetness. Her face was buried deep in Mandy's pinkness, her mouth frantic, her tongue searching. When she found Mandy's distended clit, she sucked it between her lips. Mandy responded with a string of demands, requests, needs. "Yes, fuck my ass, my darling. Suck my clit, lick it, tease it. Suck it deep, harder now! Can you put fingers into me too? I need you to fill my pussy too. My cunt is hungry, I need to feel you there too. Fuck me, Jenny. I have dreamed of this for so long. Eat my sweet cunt, make me come. Please! Now! Damn it, yes, like that!"

Jenny, shy Jenny, would have marvelled at all this, if she could. She was lying under her lover, a pussy covering her face, her right fingers deep in a wet cunt, her left finger thrusting into a tight little ass. And she was loving it. She had a clit in her mouth, nursing on it hungrily. And all the while, she was just hoping it would never end. Of course, it had to. She was exciting Mandy so much, and Mandy wanted to come. Mandy needed to come. She ground her pussy down on Jenny's demanding mouth, feeling the heat build, feeling the desire coming to a tiny pinpoint. Then her guttural cries filled the room as Mandy's pussy throbbed and pulsed above Jenny. Her gushing wetness covered Jenny, running down her cheeks and into her hair. Jenny gulped and swallowed all that she could. Her fingers were surrounded by pulsing flesh, exciting Jenny even more. After the torrential climax, Mandy continued to throb and pulse, slower now. Jenny remained in place, her lips just barely containing Mandy's sensitive clit. When Mandy finally relaxed, Jenny slid from under her and moved beside her, holding her close. They kissed softly now, all urgency gone. Holding each other, they fell asleep, a beautiful tangle of limbs and hands and bodies.

This was how Anthony found them when he came home. 

TO BE CONTINUED...