 ** This is a continuation of lust and debauchery amongst a small coven of women. **

*****

My new life with the coven is fast and immediate. It's been a few weeks since my incitation. I've never felt such a bonding with one group of women before, we are almost like sisters.. Almost. Because there is the unmistakable sense of lust whenever I am face to face with one or more of the coven members.

Ever since my initiation night on that fateful evening at the hotel, Megan has been prodding me to ask the high priestess, Yvonne, when it will be her chance to join the coven. I tell her to have patience because I'm sure her day will soon come. 

I've been hearing rumors that there's a big ceremony happening the night of the full moon and I'm intending on researching everything I can before then about full moon rituals. 

Megan offers to help me with my research, so we make a night of it. Sitting down in front of my computer, we start researching everything and anything we can on the subject. I even have a few textbooks on witchcraft. We order Chinese take away and get down to business. 

Megan is on the computer and I'm looking in one textbook about crystals, highlighting any text I find interesting and making notes. I suddenly feel Megan's eyes on me and look up at her. 

"What?" I ask. She quickly looks away, startled that I caught her looking at me. So, I ask her gently what she's thinking about. 

"Well," She begins. "Ever since I saw you in bed with that woman and the things you two were doing, I just can't get it out of my head. I didn't even know you liked women that way. And you've changed a lot too. I mean, not in a bad way. Just, you're dressing in more form fitting clothing and wearing more makeup. It's really amazing." She finishes quickly in a sense of awe and gives me wide eyes. 

I regard her carefully and wonder how much to tell her. She isn't a coven member, yet. But, she is my best friend and I don't want to leave her totally in the dark either. Contemplating how much to reveal, I decide a little information will help. She is a candidate for the coven, afterall. I can tell she is eager to know more. 

I begin by saying, "Honestly, I didn't think I was into girls either but being with Celeste was like nothing I've ever felt before. I was just in the moment and forgot everything else around me. It was almost like magic." Megan is nodding when I'm done and immediately accepting. I smile and she smiles too and we get back to the research at hand. 

It's well into the night by the time we are finished. We are putting away the research materials and our take away packages from the Chinese delivery we had for dinner when our hands accidentally brush each others. There's a charge where our hands have made contact and I bring my eyes up to hers. In the background, the clock starts chiming midnight. It's the Witching Hour. 

We fall into each other's arms and begin running our hands over each others bodies and kissing passionately, like we are under a spell. I had never really thought of Megan in a sexual way before, but all that is not important now as I begin removing her blouse and then her bra. 

My mouth is on her breast, my tongue flicking over her nipple. She's moaning and grinding herself against me, like a bitch in heat. I pull back her head by her long auburn hair and graze my teeth along her neck, her rapid pulse dances under my touch. Her green, emerald eyes gaze at me with lust and longing. Lust that had not been there before. 

It was in this moment that I knew I was in complete control of her and she would do anything I asked of her. I now realized the power of the coven that was within me. It was an exhilarating feeling and though some part of me knew I should not take advantage of my best friend, I also knew she wanted this too. No, needed this in a way I needed it at my own initiation. There comes a time in a woman's life when she just wants to give all control to someone else and just get lost in the moment. 

With that knowledge, I take Megan in my arms once again and lock my lips to hers, drinking in her passion, her need, her pure lust. She's eating at my mouth, like a drowning woman, making low guttural noises. 

I pull away and her disappointment is evident, but then I lead her to the sofa and allow her to lean back. I help her remove her hip hugging black jeans and then her soaking wet, black thong. I move back to look at her, searing the image of her like this in my brain. 

She's naked, before me, in all her glory, with her smooth shaven pussy inches from my face. I can see her pussy juices already glistening on her slit and I find I'm eager to taste my best friends pussy. 

Since the initiation, I've come to love the taste of pussy and have already tasted some of the coven members beautiful pussies, Ashley, Nicole, Melanie. But, Megan doesn't know about that.. yet.

With that thought, I bury my face in Megan's warm cunt. She's moaning and her legs are spread wide for me. I move a long, black polished finger in and out of her pussy in time to the movement of my tongue on her clit. My tongue stud traces over her clit, making her shiver. 

"Oh Faye, omg Faye," She's moaning over and over, while my skilled tongue works over her pussy and now I have two fingers buried deep in her pussy, fucking her slow and then faster. I can tell she's close to orgasm when her eyes roll back in her head and then she's shaking and moaning uncontrollably. I keep licking and sucking on her clit, as her juices flow freely into my mouth. 

I remove my fingers from her pussy and quickly undress while she's still twitching on the sofa. Then I position myself over her face, urging her to lick my smooth shaven pussy. Her eyes flutter open, she looks up at my pussy. I lower it to her mouth and she obediently begins licking and sucking on my clit. 

"Oh yes," I'm moaning. "That's it. Don't stop." Her tongue begins fucking my pussy like a small penis and it just feels amazing. My juices are covering her face and she keeps going til I'm crying out with ecstasy.

I lower myself from her face and hold her down with her legs spread wide, covering my now sensitive pussy over hers and then begin a slow, delicious grind, rocking my hips and thrusting my clit over hers again and again. We are both moaning and the sounds of our pussies grinding against each other and our moaning is the only sounds in the room. 

Her hand reaches down and starts rubbing my clit in time to the thrusts of my hips, grinding on her pussy faster and faster til the sofa begins hitting the wall with our continued thrusts. I feel the orgasm building within me and the sweet sensations pouring over and through me. 

I suddenly see the coven, in my minds eye, and realize they have been watching us through a crystal ball. I see Amy too, with her shoulder length, classy, ginger hair, who originally invited me to the coven. She's got a seductive look in her eyes I've never seen from her before. Yvonne and the rest are all looking on in approval. 

I lay against Megan, with our arms around each other and we soon fall asleep. The phone wakes me at 8 in the morning, it's Amy. She tells me she knew I would make an excellent addition to the coven. I can hear the smile in her voice. Then she invites me to bring Megan to the full moon ceremony the following week. 

Because it will also be Megan's initiation into the coven..

To be continued.