 Author's Note: This story contains graphic lesbian sex, as well as supernatural elements and maybe some horror-ish elements as well. When it comes to the sex; consent is not explicitly given, but the sex is, fundamentally, consensual.

Thanks to Ez for a bit of proof-reading!

Comments and feedback is much appreciated!

###

Like a log of timber I fell down onto my bed and, after some fussing around with limbs that didn't quite want to do my bidding, I eventually managed to pull the thin sheet up to cover my legs. Because of an irregularity in the air conditioner that my landlord obviously refused to fix-- my pleasant little condo was extremely hot and humid despite the cool summer night. I had been forced to sleep with the bedroom window wide open the whole summer, and that night was no different. The clock was a bit past 5 AM and I had just gotten home from probably the most interesting party of the year so far.

The event had been a welcoming party arranged by my closest friend Dex, devoted to introducing an old friend of his to the city who had also happened to turn 30 just a day prior. Dex had rented a lodging house on a field at the outskirts of town from his brother-in-law, and to be honest it wouldn't surprise me if his whole circle of friends were present. People were everywhere, and being the outgoing and social person that he is, I'd say that Dex mingled with pretty much everyone there.

I, on the other hand, wasn't the type to go out of my way to socialize with new people. I considered myself polite and reasonably open whenever it was required of me, but big crowds of unfamiliar people made me downright anxious. Unless I was hammered, of course. Luckily that was the case the evening in question.

The mood was overall good, the liquor was flowing and the music was blaring. I had snuck away from Dex's company to mingle a little more privately with a potential partner for the night, when suddenly a woman emerged from the woods. At first I paid her no mind, assuming she was only a guest who had ventured into the woods to relieve herself in the lack of a bathroom close by, but a second glance at her made my eyes shift from my potential hook-up and focus squarely on her. She was very beautiful and casually walked towards us with grace, while simultaneously looking very out-of-place at our venue. Before my mind could continue processing her, she spoke:

"Excuse me, but what's going on here?" She asked. The woman I was talking to suddenly excused herself to promptly go join the other guests at the cabin, grumbling something about "vain, easily distracted studs".

"Hey, what!" I shouted to her in alcohol-soaked disbelief as she walked away. I wasn't vain.

And so I was left alone with the stranger. I might as well answer her and then get back to the party, I reasoned.

"Well it's a party a friend of mine arranged for a friend of his. He just moved into the city. Uh, the friend I mean! Um, kind of a welcoming party... He's just turned 30 too, so it's a birthday-party... too." The longer I looked at her while I spoke, the more I trailed off. By the end I was even surprising myself with my social clumsiness; I had a problem with crowds, but I'd never had that much of a problem talking to a single woman.

The woman's eyes were of a captivating blend -- bright green with yellow mottles swirled within the iris -- and being like no eyes I had ever seen before they probably contributed to my sudden fascination with the woman. Her eyes were bright, almost too bright, and the sight of them practically etched itself into my head.

I couldn't even remember the last time I had spaced out from smoking weed, probably way back in my early teens, but I was suddenly a bit worried that what I had smoked earlier that night together with the copious amounts of alcohol I had consumed was beginning to fuck me up. The woman coughed to get my attention, and I realized I had probably been staring at her slack-jawed for like five minutes.

"Here I was introducing myself and all, and you weren't even paying attention!" she snickered. Her voice had a distant British accent, but it was barely perceptible. I wasn't entirely sure where it came from or why I felt that way -- maybe it was just some weed-induced paranoia?- but the woman in front of me suddenly struck me as kind of eerie. I wouldn't be able to explain it if prompted though, it was just a subconscious hunch of some kind.

"Are you alright?" She asked me, a hint of worry on her tone.

"Yeah, but I think that... maybe I've had just a little too much to drink, you know? I get easily distracted when I'm drunk. Did you say something?" well, if I had been her I would have just given up and left at that point, because I was obviously too drunk to have a normal conversation. Instead, she snickered again and gave me a crooked smile.

"Mhm, I'm sure that's it." She said quietly. The eerie feeling from before multiplied; something about her attitude made my skin crawl, but also served to entice me further somehow. The way the left corner of her mouth pulled up in a sly, crooked half-smile practically riveted me to the ground. My over-consumption of alcohol became poignant when my eyes traveled down to her chest and the slow rise and fall of her breasts. I should probably have left before I embarrassed myself even further.

I tended to be reckless when it came to drinking and while being under the influence of alcohol, and even more so the last couple of weeks preceding that night. I had been through a very bad break-up not long before, and no matter how much I hated to admit it I noticed alcohol kind of deafened the heartbreak and sadness I felt. Which, in turn, had led to several reckless nights out where the hangover-anxiety the next day had repeatedly topped the chart.

My ex, Mira, had decided to drop the bomb that she had been sleeping with a man for the last two and a half months of our one-year relationship, after I had finally dared to sit down with her and tell her that I wasn't feeling entirely satisfied with our relationship. I had felt as if some vital part of it was missing, especially in the bedroom. The sex had been good, I guess, but in retrospect I realized that Mira's everyday arrogance and selfishness was heavily influencing our more intimate moments as well- and after admitting to cheating on me for over two months I told her to pack her bags and get the fuck out of my apartment. I hadn't heard from her since. To be honest, her total disregard for my feelings and for what we had had despite all the drama only served to make me feel even worse."Well, I was saying my name is Lily and I asked that you introduce yourself as well." The woman said to -- again -- draw my attention towards her and away from me thinking about my ex. Her voice was charming and just like that it snapped me out of my dark thoughts."Ah! I go by Chris. You know, the kinda butchy way of things." I babbled while the woman's eyes were intently focused on me, and instantly regretted my words. Her crisp, self-confident aura was spiking my nervousness."No, I don't really know." She said and smiled that kind of crooked smile again. Not only did she make me nervous, but she confused me in my drunken state as well."Do you mind if I perhaps join you and the party? I will behave, I promise." Lily asked.

The way she spoke, her practically engulfing interest in me, the twinkle in her eyes -- I'd have to be blind or stupid not to notice that she was flirting with me. I wasn't a stranger to hook-ups, before Mira my sex life had been quite liberating, and I could certainly see myself hook up with the woman in front of me. If not for...

I swallowed and tried not to think about how tiny and in-secure she made me feel, like a snotty child being admonished by a patient and oh-so-wise grown-up. It was almost a bit humiliating. Don't get me wrong; she was beautiful -- long and straight and full, dark auburn hair that reached to somewhere around her middle back, those captivating eyes, and alabaster skin without a single blemish -- just looking at her was extremely exciting. She wore a full-length dress that looked very much out of place considering the typical fashion at the party, which had been the reason for my second glance earlier, and... she was barefoot. Frankly, that didn't even surprise me -- she was probably just that type of weird. Nevertheless, I couldn't imagine that the long, moist grass in which she stood was especially warm that late at night -- not to mention the scrubby forest she had walked out of just a few minutes earlier.

"I guess that's fine." I mumbled. I had to put up quite a struggle not to comment anything about her choice of clothes; it would probably just have come out as rude in the drunken state I was in. Instead I proposed that we joined the other guests near the lodge.

Only when we got closer to all of the other guests did Lily -- the complete stranger -- ease her hand in mine and held it. I froze a bit mid-walk because of the abruptness of it all, my mind trying to process why she would take my hand when we hardly knew each other. My friend Dex, the host of the party, met us as we walked up to the small veranda outside the lodge."Oh, and who have we here Chris?" He mused. He had said not to invite other people than those on the invitation-list (which were more than enough as it was), and I couldn't decide whether he was pleased that I had found someone to hook-up with after my breakup, or annoyed at me for disregarding the instructions."I'm her date for the night." Lily hurried to say, and gave my friend her apparently trademark crooked smile, before I could make an even bigger fool of myself."I'm sorry I didn't tell you that I was bringing someone along Dex..." I mumbled to him, playing along with Lily's lie.The remainder of the evening I managed to sober up a bit, and Lily and I spent it sitting on the veranda talking. People walked by and teased us for being so stiff and not partying, but something about Lily told me she wasn't the partying type.

The more we talked, the more comfortable I felt around her -- which only added to me opening up further. I told her that if she wanted to get something to drink I could fetch something for her, but she said she didn't really "fancy alcohol". I know it's wrong to be judgmental and all that, but with her looks and charismatic personality I kind of expected her to be a frequent party-person."Looks can be deceiving." I murmured."They sure can be," she snickered, "but what exactly are you referring to?""I mean...you're very beautiful, charming and flirtatious, I was thinking you'd be like the stereotype youth; you know out late, partying, raisin' hell." Somehow I couldn't look away from her eyes."Red wine." She said.

"Huh?"

"I like red wine, but I'm very picky -- so only the really full-bodied, luxury wines."

"Ah." I said and laughed.

Personally, I despised red wine. I just couldn't get it down no matter how hard I tried -- and the few times I had been drinking it on parties (after being readily warmed up, I tell you) I had always ended up puking my guts up. So no, I wasn't a major fan of wine. It almost seemed, the more we talked the less we had in common.

When most of the party guests had left my friend Dex wrapped it all up by inviting his old friend to the city by swiftly grabbing him by his waist, leaning him down, and giving him a good and proper, although rather sloppy, kiss -- but seeing as the majority of the people at the party were rainbow-folks, no one batted an eye. Then everyone burst out in song and made huge cheers in Dex's friend's honor. I had my own suspicions of this friend of Dex, and I was pretty much positive that they were involved and probably had been for some time.

Eventually I was left at the lodge with Dex, a couple of other friends and Lily, who volunteered to help cleaning up. A guy came by with a cup of a weird-looking substance in it and offered me 20 bucks if I could finish it. Allegedly, it was a mix of all the remnants of the various alcohol-bottles they were cleaning up. I guess my brain decided that I hadn't done anything remotely reckless yet, so without further ado I grabbed the cup and I gulped it all down. It was nasty and I immediately gagged, but I swallowed it all and even managed to open my mouth without puking to show that I indeed had swallowed everything. I was rewarded with my promised 20 bucks and a huge laughing at before I turned around and puked my guts out.In some miraculous way Lily -- who was standing right behind me -- anticipated what was coming and swiftly moved out of the way before my vomit splashed the grass beneath me. I thanked whatever higher power there is that it wasn't her beautiful dress I splashed with vomit, because I've learned from previous mistakes that doing so is a complete and giant mood-killer. Dex walked by and just sighed at one more of my reckless, impulsive ideas, and continued picking up litter. Dawn was coming close; the night was past 3 AM. Lily helped me sit and calm my revolting stomach down."Apart from the vomit, I would say that you were great company. I would like to see you again sometime if you're interested. Minus the vomit, that is. If you'd like?" She said. Her smile told me that she knew she wouldn't be refused. Wondering to myself why she even bothered with a train-wreck such as me I tiredly wrote down my number on a piece of paper, before she excused herself."It's getting very...late -- or early if you would like to call it such -- and I must be going. I'll see you soon." She said and gave one final, crooked smile before she turned around and left. What amazed me was that she walked away the same direction that she came; through the woods. Still barefoot. I suppressed the urge to run after her -- she's an adult, she knew what she was doing. Dex and I said our goodbyes' to the remaining guests, and then we decided to meet for a cup of coffee or something on Monday the following week.As I walked home into the rising sun I couldn't get Lily out of my head. There was definitely something not quite right about her, but then again she was extremely charming, had a quick and funny sense of humor, and she looked gorgeous. I was definitely attracted to her, and I knew that I would try going after her eventually.

###

Monday it was. I had a day off from work, and was going to enjoy it with Dex. I called him while trying to get my shirt on as I ran through my little condo searching for a pair of clean pants. We had decided to meet at the local coffee-shop at 2 PM, and it was 1.45 PM as I tried to get dressed. When he finally picked up I told him I would be running a little late, and he just laughed and in a friendly tone told me that I need to get my life together.

To be honest, the bad break-up I had been through, and losing my previous job just a week before the break-up, had taken a lengthy toll on me. Missing my laundry-days and a generally filthy environment in my apartment was proof of that. The only habit I had really managed to keep or reclaim was working out at the gym after coming home from my new job in Customer Support at a company in town, and my appetite for hooking up with cute girls.When I finally arrived by cab to the café that me and Dex were supposed to meet at, I spotted him at once. I sat down and we ordered some coffee-drinks."So who was that girl you dragged along Saturday evening?" Dex asked curiously while taking a sip from his chai-latte."Her name is Lily, if you remember her introducing herself. I don't really know what to say about her, she was a bit weird actually.""Yeah, I noticed you walked home alone." Dex laughed."Screw you." I said and grinned, "Well, I think the vomit might have put her off but she said she wanted to see me again, so I guess she's still interested." I didn't mention anything to Dex about the way she made me feel; so insecure and so excited at the same time. By then I had actually dismissed most of those weird feelings on Saturday night as something I had felt because of the weed and alcohol I had consumed.

We sat there for another hour or so, chit-chatting about this and that and just catching up a bit. I had known Dex since Junior High, and we had even been roommates for the first couple of years after our High School-graduation. Dex was attending the local Uni, majoring in corporate law. I hadn't enrolled yet; I felt I wanted to work a couple of years before furthering my studies. Lately, however, we hadn't spent as much time together as we used to, so the afternoon together was appreciated.When it was time to leave I realized I didn't have enough cash for a cab -- but I figured a walk couldn't hurt too much. When I came home my phone rang, the number was one I didn't have in my contact-list and I contemplated not answering. But... maybe it was Lily? With mixed feelings I picked up the phone. "Hello?"

"Hello, Chris. How about I come visit you tonight? Is 7 PM good?" that lilting, semi-British voice asked. Well, she certainly wasted no time with pleasantries. Even on the phone, her voice sort of daunted me and I nervously agreed to her proposal. Lily said goodbye, still with no small talk or anything like what you would do in a normal conversation.

I took a long shower to clear my head, changed to some nicer clothes, and randomly just cleaned up in the condo a bit. I spent quite some time in front of the mirror styling my hair until I was confident that it looked good. The hair on my sides and the back of my head was very short, while the hair on top of my head was slightly longer and styled messily, spiky, or sometimes in an old-fashioned back-slick. I decided to go with wild and a bit un-kept.

After much searching, I managed to find a couple of semi-clean and nice-looking jeans to wear and a thin and slim cotton-shirt. As I final effort to charm her I ran into my kitchen just minutes before she was supposed to arrive, and rummaged around until I found the bottle of apparently very classy red wine that Dex had brought me for my 20th birthday. I popped it open, and filled two glasses about half-full. At exactly 7 o' clock the doorbell rang."Good evening, you look very handsome tonight." Lily said as a way of greeting me when I opened the door."Good evening to you as well, my dear. You are quite beautiful yourself." I said in a guy-like tone of old British English. That joke got me one of her trademark-chuckles."So may I come in, Handsome?"

"You may, my Lady." I answered her mock-regally. As quickly as it showed, it disappeared; the flash of sly intelligence and pure mischief in her sparkling yellow-green eyes made me flinch slightly. She stepped inside, and I showed her to the living room. I couldn't help but notice that she made no sound at all as she walked behind me on the otherwise creaky wooden floor. I began to wonder if she was even following me at all, and had to glance back to make sure she was. Her eyes instantly spotted the wine-bottle and glasses I had place on the table when we entered the living room."Oh! That's sweet of you; you remembered that I said I liked red wine once in a while. I was thinking with all the alcohol you had consumed Saturday night you wouldn't remember much at all. I'm looking forward to getting to know the sober you." She said happily and gave me what seemed like a genuine smile. I gave a nervous laugh, made a motion for her to sit next to me on the couch and gestured for her to taste the wine.
