 My friend Megan and I were invited to stay over as guests at another friend's fancy hotel, which was closed for the season. 

We were very excited to have a whole weekend to ourselves and to sleep in luxury. We chose a beautiful room with double beds to sleep in, with fluffy comforters on each bed and its own ensuite bathroom complete with a large tub. 

We were busy chatting and sitting on one bed in our pajamas when there was a firm knock at the door. Looking at each other, we had no idea who would be knocking, there wasn't supposed to be any staff staying at the hotel. 

I get up to answer the door and there's a gruff looking, large man with a beard standing at the door, he identifies himself as the caretaker of the hotel and demands to know who we are. 

I tell him we were invited by a friend named Amy and he says he didn't hear anything about guests staying over this weekend. He makes us follow him to his office to sort out the matter. I feel like a child going to the principal's office. 

We are sitting in each a chair with him at his desk, looking sternly at us. He makes me tell him again how we were invited. 

I say, "Look, I can just call Amy on my cell and she can tell you herself that she invited us here." 

He looks at the phone in my hand suspiciously, but gestures with his hand that I can call her. 

Dialing the phone, I get her voicemail and as I'm leaving a hasty voicemail on her phone a group of women are heard walking past the door, talking and laughing. 

They notice the light on in the office and one pokes her head through the doorway. 

She's a beautiful redhead, she sees the caretaker sitting at his desk and says, "hello Jeff, I didn't know you were working tonight." 

She spots the two of us sitting on the chairs and says "oh, who's this?" 

Jeff says, "I found these two trespassers using one of the rooms." He emphasizes the word 'trespassers'. 

She arches a perfectly shaped eyebrow and looks at us more carefully. 

I say quickly, "Excuse me, but we are not trespassers. As I've been trying to tell your caretaker here, we were invited by Amy and she said that we could join the coven!" 

The redhead says, "Oh really, Amy said that??" 

Now she really starts looking me up and down with interest and then finally says, "Well, I'm the boss here. So I will decide if you are coven material. My name is Yvonne. Follow us and we will see how you shape up. But, your friend must wait here." 

I readily agree because I want to be allowed to stay the weekend. 

Megan looks at me with concern, but I tell her I shouldn't be long and she can wait with the caretaker. 

I follow the group of women to a large room. They immediately begin lighting candles and turning off the lights. 

They tell me to sit on a chair in the middle of the room and then they leave. It doesn't take long for them to return in long black cloaks with hoods drawn up over their heads. 

They begin moving in a circle around me, in a swish of robes, linking hands and moving as one, I see a flash of skin and the side of a breast as they move and realize they are totally naked under the cloaks. 

The glow from the candles gives off a soft, flickering illumination. They begin chanting, quietly at first and then building up to full voice. 

Yvonne tells me to repeat after them, which I do and the room soon starts to look hazy and I don't understand the words I am saying but I start to feel different, lighter in a way. 

They suddenly stop chanting. Yvonne holds her hand out to me, I take it and she raises me to my feet and brings me over to a floor to ceiling mirror. 

I gaze at my reflection in awe because I have changed in appearance, the changes are subtle but noticeable to me. 

My lips are more full and supple looking, my breasts look lifted and larger, my nails are longer and my hair is lusher too. 

The coven clothes me in a tight fitting red dress that hugs my curves and one of them applies makeup on me to highlight my eyes and cheekbones and then finishes off my outfit with sexy high heels. 

Yvonne looks me over and says, "You are now ready for your initiation." 

I am led to a waiting room with plush white sofas and a big screen tv on one wall. 

One of the coven members puts a remote control in my hand and instructs me to wait, then she leaves the room. 

With no further instructions, I switch on the tv using the remote and there on the screen is a beautiful woman, sitting on a plush armchair, looking right at me with a smile, dressed all in white with red painted lips and long dark hair pulled back from her face. 

She says, "Hello Faye. I've been waiting for you." 

I look around in confusion until I realize she's actually talking to me and she knew my name too. 

I walk up to the screen and press my hand against it. My hand goes right through the screen, so I step through and into the woman's bedroom. 

At this point, I'm wondering if what the coven did to me caused me to fall asleep and so this must be a dream. 

I slink up to the woman, with confidence and a smile of my own because this has to be a dream. She stands up to greet me and we are about the same height. 

She holds me in her arms and kisses me delicately on the mouth. I am now thinking this is definitely a dream and am soon running my hands all over her body and breasts and she's responding to me by kissing along my neck and collarbone. 

I sigh happily and my hands travel down to her slender waist, down to her ass and I kneel on the floor and push her skirt up and feast my eyes on her puffy pussy lips visible from her tight thong, licking my lips in anticipation. 

I've always wanted to taste another woman's pussy and now is my chance. Licking around her thighs, she parts her legs wider for me and I lick along the inside of each thigh and cup my hand on her pussy, it feels hot under my palm. 

I slide her thong to the side and then tentatively lick her slit, she moans which encourages me to lick more of her. She tastes salty and sweet, so I keep going building up my pace til I hear her breathing start to quicken. 

Soon, she starts moaning louder and I love the taste of her pussy so much that I don't stop til she's leaking her pussy juices all over my eager tongue. 

She helps me to my feet and then kisses me deeply, licking my lips, tasting herself on my mouth. 

Then she brings me to her bed and helps me undress and removes my bra and panties, then tells me to lay on my back on the bed. 

She removes her clothing too, then climbs onto the bed and parts my legs. She wastes no time and is soon licking and sucking on my clit, it feels so good that I'm moaning and writhing on the bed. 

As all this is going on, the coven (now fully clothed) enters the waiting room with Megan. 

The woman and I are so engrossed in each other that we don't realize we now have an audience. Megan looks at the tv screen and thinks someone left porn on. 

Megan and the coven sit down on the sofas and watch the screen. 

Some of the coven members begin to get aroused and start rubbing their breasts or pussies through their clothes. 

The action on the screen is getting more intense, as me and the unnamed woman start scissoring each others pussies, our juices are really flowing at this point and we are both moaning with pleasure. 

We cum simultaneously and are wrapped in each other's arms, kissing when I finally notice the coven watching us. 

Yvonne smiles and asks the woman in my arms, "Well, Celeste, has she passed the test?" 

Celeste, the previously unnamed woman, looks at me and laughs, saying," oh yes, very much so." 

Yvonne says, "Your in. Welcome to the coven." 

Megan says, "when is it gonna be my turn?" Everyone laughs.

I kiss Celeste again and lay back on the bed realizing that what I experienced wasn't a dream, but I still feel like I'm dreaming and awake at the same time. 

The other women in the coven look on in approval and the sexual tension is so thick in the room I start wondering when the orgy is gonna happen.. To be continued.