 The casino on the ship was buzzing with people and background noises. She sat at a stool next to the roulette wheel and watched the wheel spin. The ball rolled around the track and dropped into a slot on the wheel as it slowed.

"23 black!" the croupier yelled as the wheel came to a halt.

"Ohhh, that's mine! I won!" Selena yelled excitedly, a grin breaking out on her face. The croupier checked her number and pushed a pile of chips in front of her. Selena smiled at the attractive croupier and mouthed the words 'Thank You' at her. 

"You're most welcome" came the croupier's reply. Selena gathered up the chips and took them over to a booth near the wall. She gazed out the windows into the darkness for a brief moment before counting the chips on the table before her. She had just won $2300, not bad for only her third gamble. She motioned to the waitress as she passed the table.

"A bottle of Dom Perignon for one, thanks."

"Certainly Ma'am, I'll bring it right over" came the waitress smiling reply.

Selena sat for a moment and mused over her day. She had swum in the morning, had a fine breakfast by the pool and generally lazed the day away by reading and soaking up the warm sun. Her tan was golden brown and she felt revived and rested. The ship was due in Honolulu early the next morning and she was disembarking to catch a flight to LA later that day. This would be her last night onboard and she was feeling a little saddened by that fact. She didn't feel like going dancing and the concert in the main lounge didn't appeal to her either. She felt at a loss, she didn't know what to do and so she decided to have a bottle of champagne and retire to her cabin early for a good nights sleep. The waitress appeared and delivered the chilled champagne and a single crystal flute to the table.

"Would you like anything else to go with it?" the waitress kindly asked.

"No thank you," was her reply, as she stared into the space outside the window.

"Very well, Ma'am, enjoy your champagne." the waitress left her at the table and she poured herself a glass. She raised the glass silently to her reflection in the window and the reflection smiled a strained smile back. The fine champagne felt cool and crisp on her tongue as she slowly sipped it.

She reflected over the journey, the fun she had had, the night spent playing pool, dancing and lovemaking with Clay. She had no regrets there, just a twinge of sadness that she would be leaving tomorrow. Her life of leisure would soon be over and in two weeks she would start her PA job at DataWest.

She thought of her father, hoping that she could make him see that she was a lot more than just his little girl. He always indulged her every whim and she felt like she was the spoilt little rich girl. She had never gone wanting for anything and her life had been fairly easy for her. The lat six years had taken some adjustment after her mother had died, but she thought that she had gotten through it okay.

She shuddered at the thought, recalling the awful day and that fateful telephone call. She pushed the thought out of her mind and tried to think of other things, but it lingered there, not wanting to go just yet. A tear welled up in her eyes and she swallowed hard.

"Not here." she whispered forcefully to herself and sipped the champagne. She got up and picked up the bottle and the glass and headed for the deck. A walk might help remove the melancholy she was feeling. If that didn't work, she'd get a bottle of vodka and drink herself into oblivion, just as she had done in her early days.

The night air was warm, a slight salty tang was on her lips as she strolled towards the stern. She wandered along, lost in her thoughts. A few people were out on the deck, enjoying the night air. She smiled a gentle smile as a couple passed her, arm in arm, lost in their little world. She approached the railing at the stern and gazed down into the boiling sea , the white foam whipped up by the ships mighty propellers. 

She stood there for several moments, gazing out across the flat ocean, lost in her thoughts. A feminine voice broke through her reverie and took her by surprise.

"Do you have a light?" the woman at her side asked her again. "I left mine in my cabin."

Selena reached into her small bag and pulled out a gold lighter and passed it to the woman. She looked into her face and saw a warm friendly smile there. She was very attractive, not quite as tall as Selena, but very well featured and proportioned.

"Hi," she spoke with a faint american accent "I'm Katherine, but call me Kath."

Selena extended her hand and grinned.

"Hi, I'm Selena, nice to meet you Kath."

Kath lit her cigarette and exhaled. She gazed out to sea the turned to Selena and spoke.

"What's a lovely girl like you doing walking the decks? Why aren't you in the lounge dancing with the guys and breaking their hearts?"

Selena smiled a rueful smile and looked into Kath's deep brown eyes. 

"Tonight's my last night on the ship, and I feel a little blue. I've done the dancing and the drinking, but it's my heart that always ends up broken. I've met some nice guys here, but not that special one. I'm beginning to wonder if he exists anymore, I never seem to be able to find him. He always seems out of reach, or not what he seems to be."

Kath looked into Selena's eyes and smiled at her.

"Maybe he's not what you need anymore. Could it be, you're looking in the wrong places, for the wrong thing?" she flashed Selena a quick grin and threw her cigarette out over the railing.

Selena smiled back at her, puzzled at her words. She liked this lady and was taken by the fact that she was so forthright and outspoken.

"I have half a bottle of champagne here, and a half bottle of vodka in my cabin. How would you feel about getting drunk with me?" The words were out of Selena's mouth before she could stop them. "That's if you don't have any other plans."

Kath's reply was instant.

"Great idea, we can drink away your blues and I can get over the fact that my husband is an idiot. We just had an argument and I came up here to relax and get away from his pettiness for awhile. Lead the way, my dear" She stepped close to Selena and put her arm around her shoulder. "Us girls have to stick together, and not let them beat us down."

They walked off together, Kath's arm still around Selena's slender shoulder. They reached the cabin and Selena unlocked the door. She stepped aside and Kath entered the room. She turned and smiled at Selena then walked over to the trolley and poured two strong vodkas. She passed the glass to Selena and quipped.

"To men, cant live with them, not allowed to shoot them!"

Selena burst out laughing and knocked back the drink. She was enjoying this woman's company and she felt better about herself immediately. She kicked off her shoes and sat down on the edge of the bed, the vodka and the champagne began to buzz in her head and she felt quite tipsy. She looked up at Kath smiling down at her and spoke.

"You mentioned your husband and an argument. Would you like to tell me about it?"

"Sure," replied Kath and sat down on the bed beside her.

"He's a business man, he just can't leave the business at home for one minute. I think he should of married his laptop, and I'm sure he's having an affair with his cellphone. He's on it more than he's on me!"

Selena burst out laughing and the two girls grinned at each other.

Kath continued, 

"We've been on this boat for the past two weeks, and all he's done is work. We were supposed to be taking a vacation, away from his work, but no, he just can't leave the office. He thinks the business will cease to function if he's not there, holding the reins. We've had dinner together 3 times on this cruise, the rest of the time, I've dined alone. And then tonight, I asked him to join me for a drink and to have a little gamble in the casino. He says, I'll finish this report and I'll join you there in half a hour. That was three god-damned hours ago. I went down to get him, and he's busy, on a conference call with headquarters and can't possibly come out." she rolled her eyes and sipped her drink. 

"So I told him, I'll see you in the morning, I'm going to find a man and screw him, then I'm going to spend the night with him in wild debaucherous sex." She looked into Selena's face, and laughed a hearty laugh. "I'm not shocking you am I?"

"No," replied Selena, "I would have told him the same!" Selena crossed the room and grabbed the vodka bottle, she sensed Kath's eyes on her as she walked back toward the bed. She returned to Kath's side and offered her the bottle. They each poured themselves a generous drink and raised their glasses to each other. Selena smiled behind her glass and drank it down. She was beginning to feel rather drunk and her mood was improving by the minute, She enjoyed this lady's company and felt the first stirrings of a firm friendship building. She stretched out on the bed and Kath looked over her.

"Do you mind if I smoke?" Kath asked her.

"Not at all, light up!" was Selena's reply as she closed her eyes and relaxed on the bed. She heard the spark of her cigarette lighter and then a strange grassy aroma wafted into the room. She looked across at Kath in surprise. Kath was standing by the porthole, toking on a joint. She exhaled loudly and offered it to Selena.

"I haven't done that since university, but why not?" She took the joint from Kath's outstretched hand and took a tentative puff. The fine grass tasted good on her tongue and she took another puff.

"This is good stuff," Kath told her," and it will soon kick your blues." She came over and sat down on the bed beside Selena and gazed into her eyes. Selena laughed as she felt the grass beginning to buzz her. She looked up at Kath and smiled. 

"Thank you, for coming along. I think I needed to meet someone like you. I was beginning to get a little jaded and complacent. My life has become a little stale and I think you just injected some fresh air into it." she laid her hand on Kath's arm as she spoke and their eyes locked. Kath returned her stare and the atmosphere was charged with electricity. Selena feel completely relaxed and higher than she had ever been, the champagne, vodka and the grass was beginning take hold and she giggled. She took the proffered joint again and toked. Kath looked at her and grinned a wicked smile.

"Shall we go and break some hearts in the disco? Or maybe we could go and lose my husbands company on the roulette wheel? Lets get out of here and have a little fun." Selena grinned at her and got up from the bed.

"Great idea," she replied, "Lets do it!"

The two girls finished the bottle of champagne and headed out into the corridor. Kath waited while Selena locked the door, then arm in arm, they headed for the bar. They made small talk and boisterously breezed into the bar. It was crowded with people and they managed to find a table in a corner. Kath grabbed a waiter and ordered a batch of vodka. 

The waiter arrived with a tray of drinks and placed them before the two girls. They raised their glasses to each other and yelled in unison.

"To fun!"

They swallowed the sharp, strong vodka and banged their glasses in unison on the table. Laughing loudly, they gazed around the room and spied out the gigolo's and the womanisers. The lounge lizards were there, circling the room like buzzards around a fresh carcass. Selena grinned at Kath and commented on the scene before them. They picked holes in the men, seeing through their ploys. They watched the guys making their desperate plays, always targeting the well-heeled single and not-so-single ladies. Anyone who showed the trappings of the rich and glamorous was fair game. They were looking for an easy ride, a meal ticket they could scam for money and free travel. He approached the table and grinned a lecherous smile at Selena. She spotted him immediately and was waiting with her scathing reply.

"I saw you from across the room, I can't believe how beautiful you are. Can I join you for a drink?" he asked as he went to sit down in their booth. Selena went to speak, but Kath shot back at him.

"Take a hike loser, cant you tell a lesbian when you see one?" She cut into him. He stood there, dead in his tracks and gaped at Kath. He mumbled an apology and wandered away. Selena burst out laughing and looked into Kath's sparking eyes.

"I wouldn't have thought of that in a million years." she said quietly.

"Works every time!" came Kath's reply. "They don't know what to say, they have no comeback to that one. I use it all the time."

Selena giggled and wondered about this woman. She seemed to take it all in her stride and nothing seemed to faze her. It must have been the outspoken american in her. The english were a little bit more restrained, or so Selena thought. Kath glanced at her watch, then spoke directly to Selena.

"So, my dear, we have less than twelve hours until you leave this floating singles bar, what are we going to do to fill that time?" Selena laughed and spoke back to Kath.

"I have no intention of snagging another man on this cruise, one was enough. I'm not saying that it wasn't good, because it was and he did something I'd never tried before." Kath's eyes widened and she questioned Selena.

"Do tell. Tell me all. I want to know what this guy did. I had you pegged for a girl that knew it all and enjoyed everything. What was so new to you?"

Selena swallowed and glanced around to make sure they weren't overheard. She leaned across the table and spoke quietly to Kath in whispered tones.

"He fucked me up the ass," she told her with a shy, guilty smile. She looked into Kath's eyes, wondering if she had at least shocked her. Kath threw back her head and laughed loudly.

"Really? And did you enjoy that? I have a little secret then," she continued, "Darren, my husband used to do that with me too. It was quite pleasurable, but it's been ages since he has shown that kind of interest in bedroom gymnastics."

Selena giggled at her forth-rightness. She felt immensely attracted to this lady and her honest way she came across. 

"Kath, lets go back to the cabin. I'd like to have another drink and some supper. I'm famished, that smoke gave me the munchies." They laughed heartily and slid out of the booth and headed out into the corridor.

They walked down the hallway and Selena drew her keys out of her bag and slipped the key into the lock. She could smell Kath's perfume as she moved close. Very close. She looked around and Kath was right before her, almost touching her. She couldn't move back because of the closed door behind her, and Kath kept advancing on her. She stood close, and then she reached for her, she reached around her and planted her hands on the door on either side of Selena's head. She looked searchingly into Selena's eyes briefly then kissed her hard on the lips. Her tongue snaked across her lips and duelled briefly with Selena's. Selena couldn't move, paralysed with shock and delight. She broke off the kiss and looked deep into Selena's emerald eyes.

"Sorry," she said, "I shouldn't have done that, but I couldn't help myself. My apologies, I think I better go."

"No, don't go, its quite alright." came Selena's instant reply. The words were out of her mouth before she had time to think. "Come in here."

She turned and opened the door and stepped inside, her lips tingling from the passionate kiss and her knees were shaking. She turned as Kath shut the door and pounced on Kath, catching her against the door as Kath had done a minute before. Her hands were against the door, and her lips crushed against Kath's, she could taste the vodka in her mouth as their tongues duelled, their breaths intermingling intimately. She stepped back and grinned a girlish grin at Kath.

"Turnabout" she laughed.

"You little hussy," Kath giggled and fell on the bed, her dark brown hair spreading out to frame her face. She looked up at Selena and patted the covers, "Join me?" she questioned. Selena's heart pounded in her ears and she knelt on the edge of the bed. She looked down on the fine looking woman before and whispered.

"I've, umm, never been with a woman before. Have you?"

Kath gazed up into her eyes and replied.

"I had an affair with my college room-mate for about 6 months. She was bi and she taught me a lot. How to give and receive real pleasure. How to come and to make someone come like never before. Would you like me to show you?"

Selena bit her lip and breathed the word "Yes."

She kicked off her shoes and lay down on the bed, next to Kath. She gazed into her eyes and smiled. "Be gentle with me, I'm new to this."

Kath leaned over her and kissed her forehead. 

"I will," she replied, "If you want me to stop, just say the word. I'll only take you as far as you want to go. No pressure."

Their eyes locked and Kath leaned down and kissed her, full on the lips. Selena felt an electric tingle scorch through her body and she could feel her sex swell. She was getting very turned on, just by this woman's kiss.

Kath nibbled her neck and slid her free hand over the mound of Selena's right breast. Her touch felt good through the thin silk and Selena felt her nipples swell and harden at her touch. The feeling was exciting and she trembled against Kath's long body as she pinned her to the bed. Kath slipped the thin strap of Selena's dress off her shoulder and nibbled the smooth skin. Selena sighed and squirmed underneath her lips gentle touch. Kath's hand was more insistent around her breast now, and she pinched her nipple as it protruded through the thin silk. Selena's breath was coming in short gasps now, and she was shaking with pleasure and desire. She could feel her pussy pulsing and her panties were getting wet.

Kath straddled Selena's chest and brushed her other strap off her shoulder. Selena's dress fell away, exposing the black lace bra and Kath kissed her lips as she undid the front catch and released her heaving bosom. She sighed as Kath's hands swept the lacy brassiere aside and threw it on the floor. Selena felt wanton, sitting up on the bed, with her breast exposed in all their hard-nippled glory. Kath murmured as she lowered her head towards her nipples.

"You have beautiful tits."

A lightening bolt of pleasure ripped through Selena's body as Kath's tongue and teeth fastened on her nipple. She cried out in surprise and cupped the back of Kath's head, holding her close to her breasts. She worked her hand down and brought them up against Kath's breasts, She felt their weight, their fullness in her hands as she cupped them together. She brushed her shoulder straps away and fumbled at the catch. She felt it let go and she brought her hands back up under her breasts and felt their warmth on her hands. She rolled Kath's hard nipples around with her fingers and felt them harden and swell. Kath gave a sigh of delight and she guided Selena's head to her breast. She threw her head back as Selena's tongue snaked across the distended nipple. She rocked her gently to and fro and held her there like a suckling baby.

She held her there for several moments, revelling in the feeling of Selena's gentle hands on her breasts and her wet tongue and teeth nibbling at her nipples. She then pushed Selena away and back onto the bed. She gently peeled the silken wrapper of her dress slowly down over her flat stomach and over the flare of her hips. As the dress exposed more soft flesh, she nibbled, bit and fairy kisses her way towards Selena's waist. She looked into Selena's closed eyes and spoke gently and quietly to her.

"I love your lingerie, its so sexy." She trailed a warm kiss across Selena's tummy at the junction of her garter belt. Selena sighed and moaned. She had never felt a touch quite like Kath's, firm and yet gentle. It was so similar, yet so different from a mans. The hands on her body were soft and soothing, instead of being rough and insistent. She lifted her hips and Kath peeled the dress down her legs and off her feet. She dropped it to the floor and looked up along Selena's long trim body. 
