 In her room Emily stripped and hopped into bed. It took her a little while to fall asleep, annoyed at Sam and a little sexually frustrated from her last job, but soon enough she passed out. Emily woke up before her alarm went off, and enjoyed waking up slowly, until her bladder started making it's demands known.

'Might as well get a video done,' Emily though to herself, and grabbed her small digital video camera and its tripod from the dresser drawer she had tossed it in. She took it and a rocks glass from the mini bar into her small bathroom, and set up the camera so that it faced the shower, checking the light and angle as she did so. 'Not as good as at home,' Emily thought, 'but variety is the spice of life.'

Once the camera was set up, Emily started recording and climbed into the shower stall, leaving the glass door swung open. She blew a kiss to the camera and said, "This is for you Jordan." Then Emily squatted down, held the glass up to her pussy and began to pee.

The glass quickly filled under Emily's strong stream, then overflowed onto Emily's hand and the floor of the shower. When she was done peeing Emily held up the glass to show the camera that it was full of clear yellow liquid as she sat down in the puddle in the bottom of the shower. She held the glass to her nose and gave it a seductive smell like she was appreciating a fine wine, managing not to wrinkle her nose at the strong smell. 'Should have drank more water,' Emily thought to herself.

Then Emily held the glass to her lips and pretended to drink, allowing only a small amount into her mouth and most of it spilled down her chin and onto her neck and chest. Emily used her other hand to massage some of her pee into one of her breasts, pinching her nipple and moaning for the camera. When the glass was empty, she opened her mouth to show the small amount off pee in it, then swallowed and opened her mouth again to show it was empty.

"I love you Jordan," said, blowing another kiss to the camera, then standing to step out of the shower and turn off the camera. Then she grabbed her toothbrush and toothpaste, got back into the shower and turned the water on hot. Emily allowed the hot water to wash all the pee off her as she rinsed her mouth and brushed her teeth. Water sports weren't Emily's favourite thing in the world, but when she was being payed $50 for a short custom video she was happy to do it. After she finished cleaning off, Emily grabbed a towel and dried off, then grabbed her camera.

She sat on her bed with the camera and laptop, editing the video for length and lighting and adding her watermark, then uploaded it to DropBox and sent Jordan the link. 'That's one job done,' Emily thought and checked the time. She still had a couple of hours before she would need to see Grate, but she didn't feel like making anymore videos right then. Instead Emily changed into some workout gear, tossed her two phones, some headphones and $300 for Grate into a small shoulder bag, and went off to find one of the gyms.

Emily picked one of the smaller gyms that was in the interior of the ship, figuring one that didn't look out onto the ocean or deck would be less crowded. She was right, there were only a few other women in there as Emily stretched, then found an elliptical and began to work some cardio. Emily had her earphones in and was starting to work hard, building up a bit of a sweat, and didn't take much notice when someone else started using the elliptical beside her.

Emily kept working away, listening to a podcast and trying to ignore the burn in her legs until she had gone for twenty minutes and began her cool down. As she began to move slower, letting her legs relax, Emily heard something through her earphones and looked over to see the woman beside her waving at her.

Emily paused the podcast and took out her earphones, still moving her legs and cooling down. "Hi," she said to the woman next to her.

"I hope I'm not distracting you too much," the woman said. "I tried to wait till you were on your cool down and out of the zone." Her age was hard to guess, somewhere between thirty five and fifty, with a hard muscular body and short hair dyed light blue. She wore a tight sports bra showing off firm abs and baggy gym shorts above muscular calves.

"No problem," Emily said. "I appreciate it. What can I do for you?"

"Are you here alone?" The woman asked.

"Yep, all on my lonesome," Emily said, sensing that the woman was trying to pick her up in a clumsy way, and wondering if she knew that Emily was on the cruise as a prostitute. "What about you?"

"The wife wanted to get in one last vacation before the baby arrived," the woman said, nodding her head to a woman who was walking on one of the treadmills and waved back to them. She wasn't close enough to get a good look, but Emily guessed she was in her late twenties, and had a bump that made her tights and shirt pull apart. Emily wasn't too familiar with pregnant woman, but if she had to guess she would have said she was about seven months pregnant.

"I hope you're having fun then!" Emily said with a smile. "I'm Emily." She reached out her hand across her body to be shaken.

The other woman took it in her large firm hand and said, "I'm Leslie, and my wife is Brittney. We're having fun, but..." Leslie blushed and looked away from Emily as she dropped her hand. She was surprisingly shy for such a large butch.

"You'd like a little more fun?" Emily asked with a wink. "One last fling?"

Leslie blushed deeper, and mumbled, "Something like that."

Emily finished her cool down and stepped down off her elliptical, using a towel to wipe off the sweat that had collected on her neck, deliberately pushing her breasts out to Leslie as she did. She wiped down her machine, then reached out and patted Leslie on the arm. "I'm sure we can work something out. Why don't you finish your work out and I'll go have a chat with Brittney?'

Emily walked away, giving her hips a little sway as she did, waving to Brittney and walking over to the treadmill. "Hi," Emily greeted the woman brightly.

"Hi there cutie," Brittney said with a smile. "What brings you over here today?"

"Well," Emily drawled, stretching a little and showing off her body to the pregnant woman, "your wife mentioned that you're looking for some fun."

Brittney laughed and shook her head. "And let me guess, she was too shy to actually elaborate. It's her fantasy you know? She's just too damn shy to do anything about it!"

"I guessed," Emily said. "Looks like you wear the pants here! I'd love to have some fun with you two."

"I sense a 'but' coming," Brittney said with a slight frown.

"I'm here as a 'working girl,' if you know what I mean," Emily said.

Brittney thought for a minute, then nodded. "How much?" She asked.

"I guess that depends on what you want," Emily said, leaning on the treadmill as Brittney kept up a steady walking pace.

Brittney got a conspiratorial smile on her face, and leaned closer to Emily. "You come to our cabin later. I'll have Leslie tied to a chair and she gets to watch as you go down on me and fuck me silly."

Emily turned and looked over at Leslie who was watching them with a nervous grin on her face. Emily blew her a kiss, then turned back to Brittney. "That sounds like lots of fun. Want me to bring my strap?"

"That would be great!"

"Okay. How does three hundred sound?"

"Deal," Brittney said. "We're going ashore later, but we'll be back at our room after dinner. Come by at nine?"

"Looking forward to it," Emily winked and pulled out her phone. "What's your cabin number?"

Brittney gave it and Emily saved it in her phone, then gave the woman her number in case she changed her mind. Then she left the gym, blowing a kiss to Leslie on her way out. Emily was getting pretty hungry, and went to find some breakfast before she saw Grate. She figured she could shower afterwards, be fresh and ready for any appointments she had that afternoon.

As Emily went to one of the breakfast buffets and ordered an omelet and some coffee, the ships PA system crackled on. "We will be docking in thirty minutes. If you're planning on going ashore be sure to have your passports ready. The ship will be setting sail again at eight pm this evening."

Emily wasn't planning on going ashore, so she continued eating, checking her emails to see that Jordan had received her video and given her a five start rating on her video selling account. 'Good,' Emily thought. 'Maybe the old pervert will buy some more.'

When she finished her breakfast and coffee, Emily headed off to see Grate. She knocked on the door, and was called in immediately. Emily locked the door behind her, then sat down in front of Grate's desk.

"How was working with Sam," Grate asked, not looking away from her computer screen as she kept working.

Emily shrugged. "It was fine. Will I be working with her lots?"

Grate finished her email, and turned to Emily. "I guess that depends on the customers. What do you have for me?"

Emily took the $300 from her purse and passed it over to Grate. Emily had debated with herself whether or not the $750 she had won at the poker table counted as part of her 'earnings,' but in the end she decided they did since Kate had given her the chips to gamble with in the first place.

Grate took the money and counted it, the put it in one of her desk drawers. "This afternoon might be a bit slower with lots of the passengers ashore, but if you do go ashore, make sure to be back by four just in case."

"I was planning on staying aboard anyways," Emily said. "And I've already booked an appointment for nine."

Grate nodded, and pushed her chair back from her desk, swinging it to the side. Emily got up and walked around Grate's desk as the woman hiked up her skirt and slid her butt forward, revealing that she wasn't wearing any panties. Emily knelt down and got to work. Grate seemed to view the whole process as just another business transaction, like getting her cut from Emily. She didn't want any foreplay, so Emily went straight to rubbing the woman's clit with her tongue and sliding two fingers inside her pussy.

Again it took less than five minutes to bring Grate to an orgasm, and she pushed Emily's head away. She adjusted her skirt and turned back to her computer. She started working again, ignoring Emily as she unlocked the office and left.

In the hallway outside, Emily found Sam waiting, playing on her phone. Sam looked up and gave Emily a little smirk, then walked past her into Grate's office. She paused beside Emily on her way in, and gave an exaggerated sniff. "You should remember to shower after the gym," Sam said. "You stink girl."

'What the fuck is her problem,' Emily thought to herself as she went back to her cabin to shower.

After her shower, Emily made another quick video, just five minutes of playing with one of her vibrators and talking to the camera. When it was finished and sent off, she did up her makeup and got dressed. She settled on a bikini and some tight shorts in case she wanted to hit one of the pools later. She tossed all of her casino chips and her phones into her purse, then left her room, changing the sign so that the maids would clean it.

At the casino Emily changed most of her chips back to cash, then went to play some blackjack with the $50 she had kept as chips. Since it was only a little before three in the afternoon and the ship was docked, the casino was almost empty and Emily was the only one at the table. The dealer was the same as the dealer from her poker game with Kate, and she gave Emily a cheery wave as she approached the table.

"Hello again," the dealer said.

"Hi," Emily said as she sat down. "It's pretty dead in here. I hope I'm not bothering you!"

"Not at all," said the dealer who's name tag read 'Diane.' "We have to man the tables even on slow days, so you're giving me something to do."

"Great," Emily said, sitting down and putting out some chips so she could begin playing. "Have you been working there cruises a long time?"

"I've worked for a few different lines. I like Olivia because it's easier to be out here."

"I bet," Emily nodded as she busted her first hand.

"What about you, is it your first time?" Diane asked as she dealt out the next set of cards. "You seemed to be having fun with the high roller last night."

Emily giggled. "That's one was of putting it, that's for sure!" She said. "And yes, this is my first cruise."

"Well, I'm glad you're not a stuck up bitch like Sam. Have you met her? She's the other working girl."

Emily wrinkled her nose. "Met her, worked with her, not a big fan."

Diane winced and laughed. "That bad, huh?"

Emily won the hand and took her chips from Diane and said, "She's a bitch. And the worst part is I got her off and she left me hanging."

Emily continued to play, and the topic moved to more general small talk. She won some hands and lost some, and by four she was up ten dollars. She pushed a $20 chip to Diane as a tip, having enjoyed the game and the chat, and got up to leave.

"Hey, I thought of something you might enjoy," Diane said as she took her tip. "I know of one of the passengers who might be interested in a little S&M show. If you're up for it, I could point her your way. If you're lucky you might be able to spank some of Sam's attitude out of her!"

"Definitely interested!" Emily said with a smile. "Just make sure she contacts me so I can set it up the right way!"

"Will do," Diane said with a wink and waved Emily off.

From checking her phone during the blackjack game, Emily knew she had a 4:30 booking, and headed off to find the woman's cabin. She got there at just before 4:30 and knocked. Emily heard someone call, "Just a minute," from inside and some movement before the door opened.

"You must be Emily!" Said a very plump woman, who had barely managed to get a towel wrapped around herself. "Come on in, I just got out of the shower."

Emily entered the modest cabin, bigger than her own but not by much, and set down her purse. "That's me," she said.

"I was going to get dressed," the woman said, "but that seems rather silly now."

"Whatever you'd like!" Emily said cheerily. "What is it you're looking for today?"

"Oh, you know how it is," the woman said. "There are so many pretty women here, showing off in their swimsuits." She eyed up Emily who was in a rather revealing outfit herself. "And I just need a little attention before I go crazy." The woman let her towel drop, and lay back on her bed, her large breasts sagging down her stomach and to the side.

"I'd love to help you," Emily purred. "Does two hundred work?" The woman nodded eagerly, and Emily began to undo her bikini top.

"No, leave it on," the woman said. Emily stopped, then kicked off her sandals and crawled onto the bed with the woman. The woman directed Emily to one of her breasts, and Emily began to knead the soft flesh with her hands as she sucked on the nipple, getting it tight and hard. Then she moved across the large woman's body, giving her other breast the same treatment. She alternated between breasts as she felt the woman become more and more aroused, the scent of her wet pussy filling the small cabin.

Eventually the woman put a hand on the back of Emily's head and pushed her down her body. Emily kissed over her large stomach to a damp thicket of hair between the woman's massive thighs, pushing her legs apart to get at it. Emily found herself thinking, 'I'm glad she's right out of the shower if she tastes this strong already,' her tongue running up and down the other woman's pussy.

Emily pressed her face into the woman's crotch, nose buried in her pubic hair, and began to fuck her tongue into the woman's pussy as deep as she could. She kept licking like that, exploring the woman's pussy, listening to her moan. Eventually the woman pulled Emily's head up to look at her and asked, "Can you fist me?"

"I can try," Emily said, hoping off the bed for a moment. She grabbed a bottle of lube from her purse and sat back down, covering her hand with it. Then she lay back between the woman's legs, and started to lick at her clit. Her first three fingers slid in easily, and Emily worked them to start loosening the woman up. The woman groaned and started playing with her breasts as Emily circled her clit with her tongue, four fingers now curling in the woman's pussy.

Emily pulled her hand out briefly, drawing another moan from the woman, then tucked her thumb between her fingers and began to push into the woman's pussy. There was resistance as Emily felt the woman stretch over her hand, the suddenly she was inside. The woman gasped, grinding her pussy harder on Emily's face as she took the younger woman's hand. Emily slowly rotated her wrist as she kept licking the woman's clit, flexing her fingers and listening to the increased pace of the woman's breathing.

With a shudder and a grunt the woman came, her pussy clenching on Emily's hand and crushing her fingers together. Emily sat up and slowly pulled her hand from the woman' pussy. She crawled up the bed and gave the woman a kiss, and asked, "How was it?"

"Perfect, thank you," the woman said, and rolled over to grab a pile of bills from her bedside table. She handed Emily the money with another kiss.

Emily took the money and put it in her purse and wiped the left over lube off her hand with the woman's discarded towel. Emily left as the woman started getting dressed. In the hallway as Emily headed back to her cabin she realized she never learned the woman's name.

Back in her cabin Emily washed her hands and face and reapplied her makeup. 'Maybe i should check one of the stores here for a new pallet,' Emily thought. Since she had to re-do her makeup after pretty much every date, she was using hers up faster than she had planned. She still didn't have any new appointments on her phone, so Emily headed off to get some dinner. She went to one of the included restaurants and had a steak sandwich, with a couple of beers to wash it down. The restaurant was almost empty, most of the passengers obviously ashore. With no one bothered her, and Emily just relaxed.

When she was done her dinner, with no new appointments, Emily browsed some of the boutiques for a while to kill some time. She bought herself a couple of new pairs of underwear and a bra, as well as a new makeup pallet and some eye liner. Eventually she got bored and headed back to her cabin. She still had an hour until her date with Leslie and Brittney, so Emily watched some silly YouTube videos for a bit before getting ready.

Emily put on her strap harness on underneath a sun dress. She wore her new bra as well, figuring she could show it off. She put both of the dildos that fit her strap along with lube and condoms and her nipple clamps into her shoulder bag and headed out. Emily stopped to take a few hits on her juul and arrived at the cabin just after nine.

She knocked and a moment later Brittney opened the door. She was wearing a lacy teddy that was see through, showing off her large breasts and hanging over her baby bump, and a pair of lacy white panties on underneath. Brittney held the door open and Emily entered the suite.

Just as promised, Leslie was tied to a chair in the room. She was completely naked, showing off a toned body with small firm breasts, legs spread so reveal a shaved pussy. She also had a ball gag in, and was watching both Emily and Brittney with interest. As soon as the door closed behind them Brittney grabbed Emily by the shoulders and pulled her in for a deep kiss, her mouth opening immediately for Emily's tongue. They made out like that as Leslie watched and groaned until Brittney pulled away and went to sit on the bed.

Emily went over to Leslie and set down her purse, bending over so that Leslie could look down her top. "Are you ok with this?" Emily whispered in her ear. Leslie nodded her head frantically. Emily sat down on Leslie's thighs and pulled her dress off over her head, teasing the two married women, then stood up and moved over to the bed where Brittney was.
