 Mandy loved her life at college. She could do whatever she wanted whenever she wanted and had no one to answer to, but herself. She wasn't, however, a very social person, but she did have her share of friends. Friends that she loved and cherished dearly and felt that she could trust with anything. There was one friend that Mandy wished upon all wishes could turn into more. Every time Mandy saw this girl, she'd get all nervous and jittery. She was one of the most gorgeous girls Mandy had ever laid eyes on.

Sarah was what the guys would call a real hot babe. She had a nice slender and very athletic body. She also had a very nice tan that was all nat-u-ral. Sarah was your typical all out college athlete. She played on the softball team, soccer team and basketball team. Although, Sarah was very sporty on the field, she still maintained her feminine ways off the field. She could have any guy she wanted, and if she was into it, almost any girl she wanted as well.

Mandy and Sarah were very close friends. They had some of their classes together and they also lived in the same dorm on the same hall. Mandy was very fond of Sarah and knew Sarah was fond of her. Just not in the same way. Mandy told her just about everything that was going on in her life. Every thing that is, except the fact that she was a lesbian. As long as the two had been friends, Mandy was still uncertain of how Sarah would react to this kind of news. She treasured their friendship too much to risk losing her over a secret such as this. Oh, how Mandy wished she could tell Sarah this secret, knowing that she would accept her. Then she would be able to tell her how she felt and how totally into her she was. Thinking about the consequences, though, Mandy kept quiet.

One Friday night, Mandy needed to use Sarah's computer to do her routine e-mail check. Sarah was getting ready to go to a frat party with her boyfriend and her roommate had already gone. That meant Sarah was in the room alone. Mandy usually avoided situations where they might be in the room alone together for fear of not being able to contain herself. But, Mandy knew that if she did not check her email now, she may not be able to do so for a while. So, she gathered up all her courage and went down the hall to Sarah's room. There was a knock on the door.

"Come in," said the voice on the other side.

Mandy opened the door and walked in. As she turned around, she saw Sarah sitting on her bed with a white t-shirt, cut just above her navel and some short tight-fitting shorts. Sarah seemed to have just finished taking a shower. Her hair was still wet and wavy and she was rubbing through it with a towel. Mandy couldn't get enough of looking at this sexy creature. When she thought her looks had lingered long enough with out being noticed, she finally spoke.

"Umm....Sarah? I was just wandering if I could use your computer for a bit?

"Yeah, sure. What do you need to use it for?"

"I was just wanting to check my e-mail, if that's alright with you. I mean if you have to use it now for something, I can always come back later."

"Oh no. Go ahead I was just wanting to know. You know you can use my computer anytime you want. I am about to go out for a while, with Kevin."

Mandy's heart kinda sunk as she heard the way Sarah said Kevin's name in a sweet high-pitched voice as she fluttered her eyes. "She is really in to this guy," Mandy thought to herself.

"Oh that's cool." Mandy said as she sat down in front of the computer. "He seems like a nice guy," she lied.

The fact was that Mandy hated this guy's guts because he was with Sarah and she wanted to be in his place.

"Oh yes! He is really nice. He's always taking me to nice places and buying me nice things. Tonight we are going to a frat party. I really am not too up for the frat party scene tonight. I am really exhausted from sports and homework. I really just need to rest."

"Then why are you going if you are that tired. Just call him up and tell him you'll make it next time."

"I would do that, only problem is that I told him the same thing last weekend and I promised him I'd go this time."

"Bomber for you. Well, you better start getting dressed. What time is the party?"

"Well it started at like 8, but I told Kev I'd be ready at 930. So, I have like 45 minutes left to blow dry my hair and get dressed."

With that, Sarah turned on the blow dryer and began drying her hair while Mandy started on her e-mail. After about ten minutes of the blow dryer going, Sarah had finally managed to get it dry. Then she started to get undressed behind Mandy and put on her party clothes. Mandy knew this and it took her everything she could do not to take quick glances. Sarah took what seemed an eternity to get dressed and Mandy wished she would hurry up. She couldn't stand not being able to turn around and look. Finally Sarah spoke to Mandy.

"Hey Mandy? How do you think this looks on me? I'm having trouble trying to decide on which to wear."

Mandy began to turn around thinking Sarah was having problems on deciding which shirt to wear. She was shocked to find Sarah standing there with just a skirt and her purple bra on. It was barely big enough to contain Sarah's nice full firm breast. In her left hand she had her black bra dangling out of her hands. Flushed red, with her eyes wide, Mandy just sat there staring at the beautiful sight before her. She didn't hear Sarah call out her name.

"Mandy!!" Sarah said a second time snapping her out of her daze.

"Oh I'm sorry. It's just that I expected you to be fully dressed after all this time. Do you realize what time it is and you're standing there in a skirt and your bra?!" 

Mandy said this trying to cover up the real reason she was gawking at Sarah the way she had.

"Oh Mandy calm down, you silly girl. I still have like 15 minutes left to put on everything as soon as you help me decide on a bra."

"Well ok. If you say so. Which shirt do you plan on wearing? If it's the sheer purple one over on the bed, then you should wear the bra you have on. It will blend in..."

"Yes that's the shirt I'd planned on. So, the purple bra it is."

Sarah started to finish dressing and Mandy back around to the computer. She was relieved that she'd managed a good cover up and was silently cursing herself for allowing her self to stare so long.

Sarah had just finished dressing, when her cell phone rang.

"Hello?... Oh hi Kevin. Mhm....Yes I'm ready. Meet you out front?...Ok. I'll be there in a sec. See ya sweetie....buh-bye.... Well Mandy I'm gone. You can use the computer for as long as you like. If you're done before I get back, be sure to turn out the lights.

Sarah then walked out the door. Mandy continued to check her e-mail when she ran across one that had a lesbian erotic story in it. Mandy always enjoyed reading these but was unfortunately unable to relieve herself when she got aroused as a result of being in the library. Mandy was all alone now. She started to read the story. The further along in the story she got, the hotter it got. Mandy got into such a big state of arousal that she just had to release herself. Mandy slowly raised her left hand up to her now erect nipple and started pinching it. She then took her right hand and slid it down the front of her shorts. She had become very wet. As she went further along, her hand gently brushed her clit. She let out a loud gasp. Mandy had forgotten all about the story and was now fantasizing about Sarah as she continued to play with herself. She was imagining that it was Sarah's hands playing with her pussy and bringing her to wonderful heights as she gently began flicking her clit with the tip of her tongue. Mandy could feel her juices flowing and her panties getting wet in the process. She then realized that if her panties were getting wet then so too was the chair. She immediately stopped. Mandy looked at the clock and noticed that an hour and thirty minutes had passed. She didn't know what time Sarah would be back, but she did know that she smelled strongly of arousal. Mandy ran to her room, grabbed another pair of panties, her pj's, and then ran to take a shower. While she was in the shower she loved the way the warm water felt running down her hot body. She was still in a state of arousal and knew she had to release herself. Mandy started to pinch her nipples with her left hand, while slowly running the sponge in the right, down her stomach towards her throbbing pussy. She moved it over her very erect clit and then up and down her slit. She did this while again imagining it was Sarah giving her this pleasure. She imagined Sarah sticking her tongue deep inside her love canal moving in and out with long gentle strokes. Mandy started to let out a moan as she brought herself to orgasm. When she had finally gotten enough, she finished taking her shower and went back to Sarah's room. She was relieved to find that Sarah hadn't made it back yet because she had not closed the story she was reading and it was still on the screen. Mandy returned to back to the computer and closed the window. Everything else was the usual junk mail so she started deleting them. Then she heard the doorknob twist and Sarah walked in. She was surprised to see Mandy still sitting at the computer.

"Girl are you still here checking your e-mail? It's 12:30!"

"Well yeah. I had a lot of e-mail in all of my accounts. I didn't stay in here the whole time you were gone, as you can tell. I took a shower and put on my pj's. Besides, I didn't expect you'd be back so soon. You're usually out till at least 2."

"Yeah, I was more tired than I thought. I just had to come back and get some sleep. I really tried to stay, but after about an two hours or so, I couldn't take it anymore."

"I understand. Well, I guess I had better get going then. I can finish this later. You need your rest. I'll see you in the morning."

Mandy started towards the door.

"Mandy Wait!..."

"Yes, what is it?"

"Well....I was kinda hopin you could maybe stay here with me tonight. Monica's gonna be gone for the rest of the night and I really don't like to be here all alone.

Mandy started to get excited at the invitation. She immediately said yes and walked towards Monica's bed, hopping in. After about a few minutes, Mandy heard Sarah shuffling in her covers like she couldn't get comfortable or something.

" Is everything alright over there Sarah? You seem to be having problems over there."

"Umm...yeah....I'm um...fine. It's nothing. Don't worry I'll be alright."

"Um, ok if you say so."

Mandy attempted to go back to sleep, but she was unable to because of Sarah's constant movement.

"What is going on over there and don't tell me nothing this time? Come on. Spill the beans."

" Well....it's just umm...I umm...I'm kinda use to having someone in the bed with me on Friday night's. Kevin's usually lying next to me, but he's not here tonight cause he wanted to stay at the party. We sorta had a fight about that. So, now I can't get to sleep."

"Umm...well...I dunno how I can help you in that matter. All I can tell you is to close your eyes and imagine that he's here next to you. That's what I do when I want y.... umm....someone else next to me."

"Mandy!! You have some one? Who is he and why haven't I heard about him?"

"Because, Sarah. I have no one and there's nothing for you to here."

"But, you just said..."

"I know what I just said. It's just a little stupid crush that I have on somebody that will never want me."

"How do you know this? Have you even showed him you're interested? What's his name? Maybe I know him."

"His name is no one. Although I'm sure you know this person, it's not going to help me any because it is impossible for them to want me. Now, What are you going to do about your sleeping problem?"

"Hmmm....I dunno....Well there is this one person....but no, it's silly so never mind."

"No Sarah. Tell me now."

"Well.....You could come and get in bed with me. Only if you want."

"Want!!" Mandy thought to herself. This was music to her ears. How she'd always dreamt of being so close to Sarah. To feel Sarah's body next to hers.

"Umm....I guess so....Yeah sure."

Mandy got out of Monica's bed and made her way next to Sarah. The bed was a twin-sized bed made really for only one person. This made things uncomfortable to them.

"Umm Sarah?....I don't think this is going to work."

"Hmm....it usually works when Kevin is in here with me."

Mandy thought for a second.

"When you two are in bed together, are you usually on top?"

Sarah said, "Yes."

Mandy swallowed hard.

"Well I think that is our problem then."

Sarah thought to her self.

"That's no problem. I don't mind lying on top of you. Hehehe....It's not like you're attracted to me right?"

Sarah giggled some more, but Mandy didn't reply. Sarah asked again.

"Right?"

Still no answer from Mandy. Instead she just lay there blushing.

"Oh my God!! You are aren't you? You're attracted to me....hehe. I knew it. That would explain why you were staring at me so, earlier. You thought you had me fooled when you tried to cover it up with your reason about me not being dressed. "

Mandy was now shocked.

"What do you mean you knew? How could you have known? Was it that obvious?"

" Well yeah. You know you really should learn to be more discreet when you are around someone you have the hots for if you don't want them to know. Like me. You never see me act that way around you.....I mean er....ummm....Damn. Well I guess the cat's out of the bag now."

Mandy's eyes grew wide with disbelief. It couldn't be true.

"You mean you have the hots for me? Oh my gosh!! It's too good to be true!!"

"No it isn't. Yeah I have had the hots for you for sometime. A bad case might I add. But, we will talk more on this tomorrow. I'm tired."

Sarah lay on top of Mandy and went to sleep. Mandy, however, could not. Not after this shocking news. She was so excited she didn't know what to do. She lay there with thoughts roaming through her mind. Listening to Sarah sleep and relishing the fact that she was on top of her. Mandy loved Sarah's sweet smell and the feel of her hot body on top of her own.

Mandy, after an hour of lying awake, needed to use the rest room She quietly and gently eased herself away from under Sarah. When Mandy came back she saw her sleeping beauty lying peacefully on her back. Mandy thought Sarah looked sexy even in her sleep. Mandy Moved toward the bed and sat down on the edge. She started to gently caress Sarah's face. Every place her hand's touched, she kissed. Remembering how voluptuous Sarah's breast were, Mandy carefully undid her shirt and bra. She gasped at the sight before her. The cool of the air made Sarah's nipples erect. They begged out to be licked and suckled. Mandy moved her face forward and took one of the pink pegs into her mouth. She licked and sucked on the right nipple. Sarah started to moan. Mandy suddenly stopped to make sure she hadn't woke up. Sarah, to Mandy's relief, was still sound asleep. Mandy then took Sarah's left nipple and started to mimic what she'd done to the right one. Giving it a complete tongue bath. She then started to alternate between the two. When Mandy had gotten enough of sucking on Sarah's nipples, she kissed her way down Sarah's stomach. Sarah hadn't changed out of her clothes so, she had to lift her skirt. Mandy almost passed out at the sight of Sarah's welcoming pussy. She then licked her lips and began to lick Sarah's inner thighs, trailing all the way up to her pussy. When Mandy's face to pussy with Sarah, she took in all of Sarah's womanly aroma. She then liked and sucked on the folds of Sarah's pussy lips. Mandy stuck the tip of her tongue into her whole. She licked up and down On Sarah's slit sticking her tongue in deeper and deeper as she went along. All of a sudden she heard Sarah moan as she put her hand behind Mandy's head to push her face into her pussy.

"OOOOOOOhhhh......baby yes.....oh oh oh....don't stop!!!"

Mandy picked up her speed as she began to lick up and down from side to side in and out and in again. Sarah moaned in ecstasy.

"Oh oh Jesus.....please baby please!!!.....Keep going don't ever stop.....don't ever stop!! Oh Oh OOOOOHHH.....baaaa-byyyyy!!!!"

Mandy started to slow down on her licking as she then started to suck on Sarah's clit which was big with arousal. This action pushed Sarah over the brink to her first orgasm. Mandy then kissed her way back up to Sarah's full pouty lips and they had a long passionate kiss. Each sucking on the other's tongue. Sarah ran her toungue over Mandy's lips and bit the bottom each time she pulled away. Mandy pulled off her pj's and totally removed Sarah's skirt. She then lay on top of Sarah and began humping her mound with her own. Moving up and down and around, fucking clit to clit. Sarah began to have her second orgasm. Mandy still continued clit fucking her bringing her and Sarah to multiple orgasms. Mandy wasn't finished yet. She instructed Sarah to get up while she lay on her back in the bed. She then told Sarah to sit on her face so that she could get all of her pussy juices in her mouth.

"OOOOhhhh.....you taste so good I can't get enough of you.!!!"

Sarah did as she was told. She grabbed the bed railing and sat on Mandy's face as she ate her out. Sarah began to hump Mandy's face up and down as Mandy plunged her tongue deep inside her. Sarah loved the way Mandy's tongue felt snaking inside her pussy. Sarah felt that she was about to pass out.

"Baby baby, oh baby, that's enough, because if you don't stop now I'm going to black out."

Hesitantly Mandy stopped and Sarah lay back on top of her in her arms. They started kissing a deep-throated tongue kiss for what seemed like forever. Then Mandy gently pulled away and spoke.

"All this time I was scared to tell you how I felt about you and you knew all along? Now I find out that you feel the same way."

"Yep, I knew all along."

Mandy smiled and then she said, "But what about Kevin?"

"Kevin who?"