 It had been a year of hell. What I thought was a marriage made in heaven turned out to be purgatory. My knight in shining armour took a shine to anything that had a skirt on.... and I tended to wear slacks. After finding that his conquests included my secretary, I went from being very, very married to very, very single, and she went to being very, very fired. Trouble was, I couldn't get that married thing out of my head, and love wasn't just around the corner, it was two years behind me. I was in the doldrums, the Bermudan Triangle of relationships.

When my friend Donna asked me to go on a cruise with her, I said no. My friends prodded, encouraged, and even nagged, so I finally said yes out of self defence. I believe my year of hell was made complete when Donna had to back out at the last moment because of a business situation, and I was once again dumped. 

In this frame of mind you can imagine how I felt when my friends still insisted that I go. They informed me that it was quite often that single people went and shared a room with someone they didn't know. It would be an adventure they said. I'd have fun they said. "Alright for God's sake leave me alone, I'll go already", I cried. And so I went on a cruise. 

The ship was a floating palace, with every luxury you could wish for. My cabin was more like a suite, as Donna was a big wheel in the travel business, and every crew member I met couldn't be nicer. I should have been happy, but I wasn't. I sat despondently on the porthole bunk waiting for some woman who would probably bore me to tears, dreading the two weeks ahead, and wishing I was anywhere but where I was. When my cabin mate breezed in I was in such a funk, I noticed nothing except that she seemed to have lots of baggage. Well so did I, but mine wasn't the type you took on a cruise.

"Hi, I'm Terry," a voice said, a manicured hand offered in greeting. I could not help but notice that her hands and nails were perfect, and her skin a soft olive that showed no blemish. As I looked up I saw an attractive brunette about my own age with a smile that made even me feel a bit better. 

"Diane," I replied and took the offered hand. Her grip was surprisingly firm. After the separation I hit the weights, I think out of anger, and my usually fit body became more powerful. But her grip still matched mine.

"Oh come on, it can't be all that bad," she said, as she started to unpack. " Besides which, this is the start of the rest of your life, so what went on before doesn't matter."

"You're right," I replied," so I guess then it's ok that I've already picked my bunk." 

"What, oh sure, less chance of me tumbling when I come home from a champagne filled night at the Captain's table," she shot back at me.

We both laughed, and I thought, well at least she won't bore me, so maybe it won't be so bad after all. I joined her in unpacking, and we chatted about the ship, the crew, how varied the passengers were in age and style, and who looked to be single and who looked to be together.

My spirits started to rise, but they took a bit of a tumble when Terry asked "So how come someone as cute as you is on a cruise by herself?" I was about to answer when she continued, "Don't say that you got discarded like I did, well buggar him, I'm going to have fun anyway." I mumbled something about friend.. couldn't come...everyone said go.. but Terry was already on to the fun seeking part of the trip.

"Let me have a look at you. Well you're a little bigger than me, gorgeous body, but I think it'll work. Yes, it will." she said as she held blouses, scarves and sundresses up against me. "Our wardrobes have just doubled. With you being a blond, and me dark, they'll never know if we swap outfits. We'll be the envy of every stiff married bitch on board." I couldn't help but laugh at her outrageous attitude, and my spirits once again rose.

The first few nights were pleasant, if uneventful. I didn't become the life of the party, but I wasn't in a funk either. For her part, Terry seemed content to occasionally flirt, but spend most of her time with me. We certainly didn't want for attention! I thought only married people and spinsters went on these trips! There were some attractive guys there, but apart from the occasional dance, I didn't have much to do with them.

On the fourth night out, we were invited to the Captain's table for dinner, and Terry, of course was matched with the Captain, while I was seated next to a very attractive senior officer. Knowing that they had to be on their best behavior loosened me up quite a bit, and I enjoyed every glass of champagne and wine that was poured for me. The captain's name was Ben and the officer that I was finding more and more attractive as the evening wore on, was Bob. Ben and Bob, the fabulous duo, ready to sweep us off our feet. After the band finished playing I was ready for more, so I asked to be shown the sights up on deck, with more than a sea breeze on my mind. 

Bob was charming, and as we walked hand in hand, I felt the effects of all the booze wear off, (or so I thought) and I was feeling very romantic. It seemed only natural to turn to Bob and fold myself in his arms and kiss him. At that moment I actually felt like I was falling in love. Oh, the power of a sea cruise. Bob gently kissed me back, and I felt him harden as he pressed into me. I was so horny, after no sex for so long, that I couldn't help reaching to feel his now very hard cock.

"Oh, you feel so good Bob, kiss me harder". His mouth covered mine, and I felt his tongue slide into me, and gently caress mine. I began to stroke him, and felt him respond. "I think we need to go to my cabin now", I whispered into his neck.

I felt him pull away from me. " Oh God, I can't do that," he said.

"Wha.." I blurted out. "You can't what!"

"I can't go to your cabin with you. Look Diane you're gorgeous, but I'm an officer on this ship, and Ben asked me to look after you, he said you'd had a tough time of it, and I'm sorry, I got carried away, and I shouldn't have.'

My humiliation was complete when he said "I hope we can still be friends, but I think I should go now".

As he pecked me on the cheek, then turned and left, I felt my face flush from embarrassment, then anger, then embarrassment again. First fucking man I've let my guard down to, and this one wants to be a shining knight, right when that's the last thing I need. I gathered myself together, and stumbled back to my empty cabin, and sat there fuming till Terry arrived home about an hour and a half later, complete with mussed hair and lipstick, and a shit eating grin on her face.

"Oh God I'm so horny," she exclaimed," I haven't petted so hard without something happening since High School".

That actually made me feel better to think she'd been stopped in her tracks too. " So Ben wouldn't come through, Huh. Men are such bastards!"

"No, no, you've got it wrong, I wouldn't come through", Terry replied, for the first time on the trip being very earnest. "My husband may have ditched me for a business trip, but I will only take my fun so far. Poor Ben, he's probably in his cabin now, desperately trying to relieve himself. No, if anyone is a bastard, it's me."

I think at that moment I felt more depressed than I had in the last two years. I started to sob. I was angry, sad and horny, all at the same time. I felt Terry come and sit beside me on the bed, but I didn't want to be comforted, I wanted to revel in my misery, so I lashed out at her, and nearly knocked her off the bed. Instead of stopping, she grabbed me, and the two of us started to wrestle. 

As we fought I could feel the strength of her body, and smell her hint of sweat and excitement. Despite myself, the horniness was starting to take over, and I abruptly gave in. My body was in lust, and I was in a place where I could make a very big fool of myself, not to mention sailing in uncharted waters, to use a nautical term. 

Terry, however, thought my reasons for stopping were different, and she began to comfort me again, lightly caressing my neck and hair. I couldn't help but snuggle into her, and when she kissed my forehead, I turned my face up to hers, looked her straight in the eyes, and kissed her. The kiss was gentle , and despite my horniness, and the strangeness of the situation, it felt quite natural to continue.

Terry stopped her comforting, slowly pulled away, looked at me with puzzled eyes, and then smothered my mouth with hers. If Bob made me feel good, Terry took me to heaven. She started to feel my breasts, and alternated from kissing me, first gently then passionately, to nibbling my neck. She undressed me slowly, with not a hint of nervousness, with an "Oh God" accompanying each touch and caress. I tried to undress her, but she said "No, just wait." When I was down to just my panties, she stood up, went and locked the still unlocked cabin door, and stood in front of me.

She started to undress with her eyes not leaving mine. "If you want me, take off your panties, and make love to yourself, while I get ready to make love to you."

She started to sensually take off each article of clothing, making every move a little ceremony, and her eyes never left mine, until I slowly slipped off my panties, and placed my hand beside my mound, and inched it over towards my clit. I could have come at any time, and we weren't even touching each other! I started to finger myself as she continued undressing, and she paused from time to time to touch herself as well, as she finally moved her eyes from mine to watch me pleasure myself. When she stood naked in front of me, she looked so beautiful and sexy that I started fucking myself faster with my fingers, and I could feel my body start to lose control as a giant orgasm took over.

Terry started to rub her fingers in and out of her pussy as well, and hoarsely whispered to me, "Fuck yourself, Diane, fuck yourself, make yourself come, oh my God, you look so beautiful.'

That sent me over the top, and I felt myself come in waves of ecstasy. The strange thing was that after coming I felt even hornier. I looked at Terry, and said, "I've fucked myself, and now I want to fuck you." Terry moaned, and threw herself on top of me, kissing me more passionately, and more aggressively than I had ever been kissed before. It felt wonderful! I could feel her pussy grinding into mine as though I had a cock, and she wanted it in her as far as it would go. If it was possible, she started to kiss me even harder. She intertwined her legs around mine, and I swear I could feel her clit against my pussy as she began to buck.

"Fuck me Diane, please fuck me, I'm going to come, you're going to make me come, oh fuck me." I felt her body quicken in intensity and then go rigid, and my desire soared again. Even as the shudders in her body started to subside, I knew I needed to taste her, and I needed to taste her now. I slid down her body, planting little kisses as I went, until I reached the Holy Grail. She smelled and looked wonderful. I was entranced. Was I as beautiful as this, I wondered. It was a journey of discovery that I didn't want to stop. I just lay there looking at her.

"I'm sorry," I heard her say, "do you want to stop?"

"No, I want to do this," and as I said that I took her in my mouth, all of her, as much as I could, then I started to pleasure every fraction of that wonderful place, doing everything to her that I had ever dreamed of happening to me. I felt her moaning, and writhing in time to my kisses. She kept moving, her movements as sinuous and sexy as it's possible to be, until she exploded again.

She sat up with tears in her eyes, and said to me, "Now it's your turn. I'm going to do everything to you that you did to me, and if it's half as good, you're gonna' love it!"

She kissed her way down my stomach, as I had done to her, and then I felt her mouth on me, and it was like nothing I had felt before. "I think you did this," she said as she nibbled at me gloriously, " and I think you did this, and I know I liked this." My orgasm didn't so much explode, as it was like a wave that went on and on towards a distant shore. I know I screamed out, but what I said I don't know. We both ended up with tears in our eyes, and then we started to laugh.

"That was so incredibly good, I can't believe it," said Terry, "have you done that often before?"

"Never," I said, "how about you?"

"First time rookie," she said, "but I think, a darn good one by the way you were screaming." This started us laughing again, and as I moved to my own bunk, we lay there and talked about what we had done until we went to sleep, dreaming blissfully.

I awoke with a start as I heard Terry in the head, and I felt panic, and dread about what we had done. All my fears quickly faded as Terry breezed out with a "Good Morning Sunshine, God you even look sexy in the morning." She then leaned over and gave me a slightly more than friendly kiss, which immediately got me feeling wet. I guess it was all ok.

The rest of the cruise was a dream. Both Terry and I would flirt and enjoy the company of our fellow passengers and crew, and were thought of as great company for whatever was going on. And if we flirted a little too much, and got a little too horny, then the real fun started back in our cabin. I managed to forgive Bob, and even make his cruise special, but as good as he was, it was Terry that really made my juices flow.

When it was time to say goodbye, we promised to keep in touch, and maybe we will. Terry said it was great to have so much fun, be so satisfied, and still be faithful to her husband, at least in a fashion. "I think I may tell him about our little adventures. That'll get his juices flowing, especially when I tell him what you looked like. Besides, you never know where things will lead, do you?" Terry had that twinkle in her eye that meant trouble (along with a lot of fun) for someone! For myself I didn't know what was over the horizon, but I knew, as I said goodbye to my new friend and lover, that my horizons were certainly broadened. The cruise was ending, but my life was beginning.