 Emily got back to her room at just before 4 am, hanging a 'do not disturb' sign on her door then quickly stripping and collapsing into bed. The last woman had just wanted oral but took forever to cum. Emily set the alarm on her phone for 10 am, then snuggled under the covers and passed out.

Emily woke up slowly, hitting the snooze button on her phone a few times before she dragged herself out of bed. She grabbed a beer from the mini bar and drank it in the shower. She started to feel better as the beer worked it's magic and the warm water washed away some of her tiredness. She got out of the shower, and towelled off, drying her short hair but not bothering to style it or put on any makeup yet. She tossed her two phones and the cash she needed for Ms. Grate into a small purse, put on a bikini and a pair of shorts and went out to find some breakfast. She switched the sign on her door to 'please clean' as she left.

Emily took the elevator up to one of the main decks and found a breakfast buffet. She grabbed a seat at a two person table, and ordered a coffee and a mimosa from the waiter. Then she went and loaded up a plate with some fruit and pastries, taking it back to her table where the drinks were waiting. She sent some messages to friends and followers, promising to be back on cam soon and looking at some requests for custom videos. She could pretty easily do the JOI video in her room and the peeing on in her shower later that afternoon before she went on call.

When her breakfast was done, Emily checked the time, seeing that it was past eleven, and headed off to Grate's office. When she got there she knocked. There wasn't an answer but Emily heard some muffled noises within. Emily leaned against the wall and waited, playing on her phone. A few minutes later the door opened and a cute girl about Emily's age came out.

The girl nodded to Emily, then sauntered off down the corridor. Emily went into the office. Inside it smelled strongly of pussy and Ms. Grate was still adjusting her skirt. 

"I hear you had a busy first day," Grate said, acting like Emily hadn't just walked in as soon as Grate had finished having her pussy eaten. 

"I did pretty good," Emily said, and took the envelope of cash from her purse. "There's $220 in there for you," Emily said as she set it on Grate's desk.

"Thanks you. That's all for now. Again, you're on call from four till four so keep your phone with you."

Dismissed Emily got up and left. The previous girl had obviously satisfied Grate's carnal needs for the morning at least. With a few hours until she needed to get ready for 'work,' Emily headed to one of the pools on the top deck to get a bit of sunbathing in. She found a chair along side the pool and stripped off her shorts and lay back, enjoying the sun. She managed to even catch a little doze before her phone buzzed to say it was three. 

Emily gathered her things, and went back to her cabin. Her 'work' phone didn't have any appointments for her yet, so she showered and did her makeup, then put on a clean sundress and a thong and decided to hit the casino floor. The casino deck was huge, but not too busy yet. Emily saw the concierge desk and wandered over. 

"Is there anything I can help you with?" Asked the woman at the desk. 

"I'm one of Ms. Grate's 'special' girls," Emily told her. "Just wondering if there were any women playing who might like a pretty young thing on their arm for good luck?"

The concierge looked down her nose at Emily, an impressive feat considering she was seated and Emily was standing, but said, "Not right now, but if someone comes in I'll let you know. Please don't bother any of the paying customers while you wait," she said with a sniff.

Emily tried to ignore the woman's condescending attitude, and went to find a low stakes blackjack table where she could kill the time. She sat down and changed $20 into chips, and ordered a vodka cranberry from a waitress who stopped by the table.

It took Emily about an hour to lose the $20. There still weren't any appointments waiting for her so she was getting up to leave the casino to go vape when a waitress came up to her.

"Emily?" The waitress asked.

"That's me," Emily said.

"A Ms. Bloom would like you to join her at the poker table, if you are available," the waitress said, indicating a table near the centre of the room. 

"Sure thing," Emily said, and headed over. 

At the poker table there were three women playing cards. As Emily walked up one of them pulled out a seat for her, and moved a stack of chips in front of Emily's chair. "I'm Kate," the woman said. She was dressed in a slim fitting dress that showed off her ample curves, had her hair back in a tight bun and was wearing some understated but obviously very expensive jewelry.

"Emily," Emily said as she sat. "It's nice to meet you."

"The game is five card stud," the dealer said. "Ante is $25."

"Do you know the game?" Kate asked as the cards were dealt out and everyone anted up. Kate had given Emily about five hundred dollars in chips to play with. 

"We're about to find out," Emily laughed as she checked her cards. She didn't have much and folded the first few hands trying to get a feel for the other players. Kate played fairly loose, while the other two women, a married couple, played fairly conservatively. After a few hands Emily began to play a bit more aggressively, losing more but winning enough big hands to make up for it. All the while she chatted and flirted with Kate, who had a flute of champagne brought over for each of them.

Kate lost money slowly but steadily, as did one of the married women, while Emily won a little bit. The other married woman was obviously the best player at the table, and after an hour and a half of play, she cleaned Kate out on a big hand.

"Well, that's it for me," Kate said with a sigh, pushing her chair back from the table. "Let's go get some dinner."

"I'd love to," Emily said. She tried to hand the chips back to Kate, which amounted to about $750, but Kate stopped her. "You won those fair and square sweetie."

'Score,' Emily though and left a $25 chip as a tip for the dealer and put the rest in her purse to cash out later. "Where are we going for dinner?"

"Why don't we try Que? It's the sushi restaurant."

It was also one of the five star restaurants who's meals weren't included with Emily's ticket. "I'd love to. Lead the way," she said.

Kate took them out of the casino, and they made some small talk along the way. Emily found out that Kate was an executive at a hedge fund in New York, and this was her third Olivia cruise. She had just come out of a long term relationship and was looking to have some fun. When they got to the restaurant Kate got them a table in a corner well away from anyone else, and ordered a bottle of sake for them.

"I just need to use the ladies room," Kate said, and headed off to the back of the restaurant. When she was gone, Emily checked her phone, and saw a message from Ms. Grate asking if she knew when she'd be available again. Emily sent back that she was on a dinner date, so she wasn't sure, but not for at least another two or three hours.

Emily had just put the phone away when Kate came back from the washroom. As she walked around the table she dropped something into Emily's lap. Emily looked down in confusion, until she was that they were a pair of panties. Lacey black panties, still warm from Kate's body as she had obviously just taken them off. Emily raised and eyebrow and smiled at Kate, but she acted as if nothing had happened, asking Emily about what she wanted for dinner. Emily tucked the panties into her purse, and the two of them decided on a love-boat with a wide selection of rolls and sashimi.

The sake arrived and was poured from a beautiful porcelain decanter into two small glasses that Emily and Kate sipped from, and a few minutes later their food arrived. They continued chatting as they ate, until, part way through the meal, Kate leaned across the table and whispered, "Take off your sandals."

Emily kicked off her sandals under the table, then Kate reached down and grabbed Emily's ankle. She pulled Emily's leg up until it began to brush against her inner thighs, then sat back and resumed eating. Emily took the hint and began to run her pedicured foot between Kate's legs, teasing under her skirt beneath the table. Kate opened her legs wider, inviting Emily in. Emily began to probe deeper with her foot until her big toe encountered a wet cleft. Emily rubbed it, curling her toes, bringing forth a moan from Kate. Just then the waitress walked buy, pouring them some more sake and asking how their meal was. 

"It's going," Kate began, then had to stop as Emily's toe connected with her clit. "It's going marvellous," Kate tried again, covering her moan with a cough.

Emily gave a wicked wink as the waitress left and Kate blushed. Throughout the rest of the meal Emily continued to tease Kate with her toes. Finally Kate pushed Emily's foot away, and sat back flushed. The waitress cleared their empty plates, and they got up to leave. 

"Did you bring any high heels with you? Any leather clothes?" Kate asked Emily as they left the restaurant.

"I have a nice spikey red pair in my room," Emily said, "and a leather mini skirt."

Kate pulled something out of her purse and handed it to Emily. It was a room key wrapped in five $100 bills. "Go change and meet me in my room on half an hour. My safe-word is 'pineapple.'"

They parted and Emily took the elevator down to her deck. In her room Emily hurriedly stripped, then buckled on her stiletto heels, then grabbed a bikini top in matching red. She decided to forgo any panties, and shimmied into her leather mini skirt. Then Emily went to the little washroom in her cabin and darkened up her eyeshadow a little and changed her lipstick to a deeper red. She checked the time, and saw that she needed to leave if she wanted to be on time. She tossed her strap harness and dildos along with some nipple clamps and a few more other toys into her purse, and headed off to meet Kate.

Along the way, Emily decided to make Kate wait a little, tease her. She stopped on one of the open decks to take a few hits from her juul, enjoying all the appreciative stares she was getting from the other passengers and some of the staff. Timing it so she would be just under ten minutes late, Emily went to Kate's deck. She used the room key to enter the room, not bothering to knock. 

When she entered the room, she found Kate pacing beside the large bed in the spacious suite. Kate has changed as well, and was wearing some lacy black panties and bra, with a garter belt and stockings. The outfit showed off Kate's ample chest and curves, her ass large and round in the panties. She had taken the bun out of her hair and it came partway down her back in slightly curly black waves. She turned to look at Emily and paused, taking in the sight as Emily set down her purse and sauntered over.

Kate started to say something, but Emily stopped her with a kiss, forcefully pushing her tongue into the other woman's mouth. Kate moaned, pressing herself into Emily. Kate's hands roamed over Emily's back as their tongues wrapped around each other. After a minute Emily broke the kiss. Then she pulled down the cups of Kate's bra so that they bunched up under each breast, exposing hard brown nipples. Emily leaned down and sucked on first one, then the other, circling and teasing with her tongue and lips, making them even harder.

When Emily stepped back, Kate was panting and moved to follow her. "Stay," Emily commanded. Then she went over to where she had set down her purse and pulled out the nipple clamps and her phone. She set them beside the love seat in the room, then went to the mini bar. Emily grabbed a small bottle of champagne and a flute, then opened the bottle and poured herself a drink. She set the drink down beside her phone and picked up the nipple clamps.

Emily went up to Sarah who had been watching with a nervous excitement. Again Emily leaned down and teased first one nipple then the other with her mouth. Then Emily gently clipped the clamps onto Kate's nipples, enjoying the jump of pain and pleasure that Kate gave. Emily tugged on the silver chain that connected the clamps to make sure they were secure as a whine escaped Kate's lips. Then she went and sat down on the love seat and picked up her phone. She started playing her favourite stripping music mix, then took the champagne flute and took a sip.

"Well? Aren't you going to dance for me?" She asked Kate.

Kate began to inexpertly sway along to the music, wincing occasionally as the movement caused the clamps to send little shots of pain into her nipples. Kate had obviously not done much sexy dancing, but she was trying hard. Emily started to find it arousing, less for the skill of the dancing than the visible effort that Kate was putting into it. Emily, however, wasn't going to let Kate know that.

Instead she picked up her phone and started to flip through it. "I'm starting to get bored," she said, not looking at Kate.

Kate redoubled her efforts. She undid her bra to free her breasts, though it took a few fumbling tries as she was having trouble concentrating. When the bra fell free and her breasts sagged and gave a little bounce, Kate moaned from the increased stimulation from the clamps. Emily put her phone back down, siping more champagne. Kate turned around shimmying and swaying her curvy hips, and started to bend over to show off her large beautiful ass. She paused half way with a gasp, the chain on the clamps pulling her nipples in a new direction as she bent over, but continued, trying and failing to give a little twerk for Emily. Emily had to stifle a laugh, and instead said, "Get rid of those panties naughty girl."

Kate stood back up, and began to slowly shimmy the panties over her hips, her back still to Emily. She had put them on over top of the garter and stockings, which allowed her to remove only the panties, which Emily appreciated. Kate kicked the panties off, and continued to sway to the music. She bent down, displaying impressive flexibility and placed her hands on the floor with only a slight bend of the knees. The position caused Kate's butt cheeks to spread a little, showing off a very wet pussy and crinkled asshole to Emily.

Emily finished her champagne and poured the rest of the bottle into the glass. "That's enough," Emily said as she stood up. "Lay down on the floor."

Kate quickly turned around, then sat on the carpeted floor of the cabin and lay on her back, her breasts sagging and pulling to each side of her body, putting more tension on the nipple clamps and the chain strained between them. As she did so, Emily took the foil wrapper off the neck of the small champagne bottle. Then she knelt beside Kate and began slowly running the top of the bottle up and down Kate's pussy lips, pushing them open and getting the lip of the bottle wet. When she judged it was lubricated enough, Emily pushed it into Kate, then stood back up.

"Fuck yourself slut," Emily commanded.

Kate's hand immediately flew to her crotch, one grabbing the bottle and beginning to fuck herself, the other to her clit. As Kate moaned and lay before her with half opened eyes, Emily raised one foot and brought the tip of her stiletto heel to Kate's mouth.

"Lick it."

Kate strained her neck up so that she could take the tip of Emily's shoe into her mouth and suck on the red pleather. She began fucking herself almost violently with the empty bottle at the same time. Emily let Kate suck on her shoe till the current song playing on her phone finished, then pulled it out. She wiped the tip of her shoe against Kate's breast, getting her spit on it and making it jiggle and causing some pain from the nipple clamps. Then she put her other shoe in Kate's mouth for her to continue sucking. Kate sucked furiously on Emily's shoe while playing with herself until Emily could tell she was starting to get close to an orgasm.

Emily took her foot from Kate's mouth, the bent down and grabbed the chain that connected the nipple clamps together. She yanked on the chain, roughly pulling them from Kate's nipples and causing the woman on the floor to convulse and give out a cry of pain. Emily wondered if maybe she had gone too far, but seconds later Kate was back to fucking herself and hadn't said 'pineapple.' The woman seemed to love a bit of pain and Emily's heels, so she decided to push Kate some more.

Emily raised her foot, and placed the thin end of one of her heels against one of Kate's nipples. Then, slowly but firmly, she began to step down. If anything Kate's hands redoubled their speed, pushing the bottle deeper inside her and desperately rubbing against her clit. Emily took some pressure off Kate's nipple with her heel, which caused Kate to cry out, "Harder!"

Emily moved around a little so that she was standing over Kate's head and the woman could look directly up Emily's skirt at her bare pussy, then stepped back down on a nipple with her heel, grinding it in. When Kate began to get close again, Emily removed her heel from her nipple, then began to grind the spike on her other foot into the woman's other nipple. From when Emily's stiletto heel made contact with Kate's nipple to when she had an earth shattering orgasm took less than ten seconds.

Kate convulsed, pushing the bottle deep inside her pussy, and rolling over, shaking Emily's foot off her breast as she curled into a fetal position. There was a large wet stain on the carpet where Kate had either squirted or lost control of her bladder.

Emily bent down and kissed Kate on her forehead as she continued to shake a little from the intensity of the orgasm. "Is there anything else I can do for you?" Emily asked.

"No, just, just leave me be," Kate panted.

"Ok," Emily said and gave Kate another kiss. "You know how to find me when you want to do this again."

Emily quickly gathered her things and left the cabin. As she walked to the elevator, Emily sent a message on her 'work' phone that she was done with her client and ready for the next one. She stopped for a vape before she headed back to her cabin to change, wondering what would be next.

When she got to her cabin Emily stripped off her clothes and shoes, tossing them on the bed that the maid had made up, and hopped into the shower. She had just gotten out of the shower and was drying off when there was a knock at her door. A bit confused, Emily wrapped her towel around herself and opened the door a crack to see who was there. Standing in the hallway was the girl from Ms. Grate's office earlier that day. She was in her early twenties like Emily, a couple of inches shorter and curvier, with light brown hair in a braid down the middle of her back.

"Can I come in?" She asked.

"Uh, sure," Emily said, opening the door more so the other girl could enter the cabin. The girl came in and sat down on the bed, looking around.

"So what are you here for?" Emily asked, still a little sure what was going on.

"Didn't Grate tell you? We have a show to put on in about half an hour."

"A show?" Emily said, still wrapped in her towel and not sure what to do.

"Ya, a regular hired both of us to put on a sex show for her. You're cool with that right?"

"Oh, ya of course," Emily said. "What's your name by the way? I'm Emily."

"Silly me! I'm Samantha, but call me Sam" she said and stuck out her hand for Emily to shake. "How are you enjoying the trip so far?"

"It's been pretty busy," Emily laughed. "How about you. Is this your first time?"

"Nah, this is my third trip," Sam said. "It's good money over the summer when I'm not at school."

"That's cool. I'm a student too, when I'm not a cam girl. So who are we putting on the show for?"

"Jennifer I think? Rich horny middle aged bitch," Sam said with a sniff. "She's actually pretty vanilla. I did this for her last summer. She just had me and the other girl do a strip tease then sixty-nine for a while as she frigged herself."
