 Saturday morning found the lovers refreshed and ready to explore. Monique was the first to open her eyes, watching Amanda quietly snore next to her. She was enchanted by the older American woman despite having to talk her into new situations. She wondered how Jay coped with it during their marriage. On the cruise, she didn't think Amanda would actually go this far. She was lovely but since their first meeting on the ship, she'd been reluctant to actually start a relationship. Wine, flirting, along with her liberal husband helped get her into Monique's bed. She knew Jay would have no problem making love to the both of them, getting Amanda to buy into it was the difficult part. She was very close to making it happen and with a bit more subtle persuasion it would happen. Monique had never done this before with a couple, normally it was one spouse or the other. It seemed all parties would be exploring new territory and she hoped it would be a satisfying journey.

When Amanda woke she looked about the room as if it had all been a dream. 

Monique smiled, kissed her lover's forehead, "Bonjour, Chéri. Did you sleep well?"

Amanda blushed, "Yes, I did. Such lovely dreams also. I don't usually remember them but I did last night."

"Oh? Do you care to share them with me?"

Amanda smiled, kissing Monique briefly on the lips, "No, maybe later. Right now I need to use the restroom."

Quickly hopping out of bed she stumbled to the bathroom to relieve herself. Monique waited until she was finished then also used the toilet while Amanda climbed back into bed. Monique soon joined her to discuss the day ahead. 

Laying against each other, Monique slightly on top of Amanda, they quietly planned their day. First, a shower, then breakfast, followed by some shopping, walking around Melun and then back to Paris. Amanda figured Jay would be out taking pictures so she didn't bother to contact him. 

As they talked quietly, Monique's hand gently brushed Amanda's tummy, her fingers making small circles and generally teasing her. Amanda said nothing, preferring to enjoy the talk and soft caresses Monique bestowed upon her. With each stroke, however, she was becoming more aroused. Monique could hear the hesitation in her speech as she talked when she'd touch a sensitive area. 

Amanda tried to maintain some composure while carrying on their conversation. But, Monique knew what she was doing. Her hand gliding over Amanda's body, from between her legs to her soft full breasts. Touching, teasing, tantalizing she knew eventually Amanda would succumb and they would make love once more. 

Amanda couldn't resist as Monique played with her nipples for the fifth time or so. Rolling the solid pink orbs between her fingers sent jolts through Amanda's body and a warm sensation between her legs. Finally, she stopped talking to Monique and just kissed her. 

Hard and wet, their mouths together, the only sound that could be heard was their stifled moans as they kissed. Monique rolled on top of Amanda grabbing each wrist with her hands, she pinned the woman's arms over her head. 

Between kisses, Monique asked Amanda if she'd ever been tied up. Amanda blushed and with a shake of her head whispered, no.

Monique then asked with a twinkle in her eye, "Would you like to be, Chéri?"

Amanda was taken aback somewhat replying, "No, not right now."

Monique smiled, "Maybe later, no?"

Amanda's reply was a cautious, "Maybe."

Then Monique kissed her deeply, letting loose of her wrists to move down between her legs. Amanda spread them as Monique slipped her tongue between the sweet folds of Amanda's sex. Her tongue gliding over the warm, damp region evoking a delightful response from Amanda. 

Monique placed her hands under Amanda's rear end, her thumbs close to the woman's rosebud as she continued licking Amanda into a frenzy. Curving her tongue, she slid it in and out much to the joy of her overly cautious lover. Tracing the inner sanctum up one side and down the other, teasing her clit with little licks. Her thumbs moving closer to the bud as Amanda jostled about the bed delighting in the sensations coursing through her.

Amanda's body wasn't used to this much excitement; she rolled, twisted, and convulsed as Monique darted in and out of her. Not wanting Amanda to cum too quickly, Monique backed off with her tongue. Slowly licking as like a animal grooming itself, meticulously she continued teasing, keeping Amanda on the brink. One thumb found the bud, moistened by the combined juices of Amanda's arousal and Monique's mouth. 

Monique smiled as she massaged gently not hearing any complaints from her lover. Once more she intensified her focus on Amanda's clit, while inserting her thumb just inside the woman's bud. 

Amanda pressed her lover's head into her as she journeyed closer to her climax. Monique's face was buried between Amanda's legs barely able to move when Amanda reached the breaking point. Her body shuddered, her toes curled, causing a cramp in the arch of her right foot. She cried out in pain at the same time her climax peaked within her. 

Almost crying because of her foot, she released Monique's head, grabbing the sheets as Monique brushed her bud with a thumb. That feeling drove Amanda deeper into her climax, her body shook one last time then stiffened. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she soaked her lover's face with her nectar. 

Monique lapped it up as best she could. Her face soaked, she withdrew from between Amanda's legs to sit back and watch as Amanda crested each wonderful wave. Smiling, she realized Amanda would never be the same woman who boarded that cruise ship slightly over a week ago. 

As Amanda calmed down Monique rejoined her, cuddling and gently talking to her. Amanda, having caught her breath kissed the woman who had over a few short hours changed her life. They lay together talking once again, then reluctantly decided to take a shower and get on with their day.

After their shower together they ate a light breakfast of fruit, croissants, and tea then dressed to walk about Melun shopping. It was another beautiful day, the sun shown on them as they strolled about the town window shopping. Monique told stories of the town's history answering Amanda's questions, pointing out landmarks, acting as if she were her personal tour guide. Around lunch time they visited the little lingerie shop, Votre Ligne. They looked at all the various outfits, styles and fabrics. Monique found a few that she thought would compliment Amanda's body nicely and insisted she try them on. Amanda was her usual self, reluctant at first but with Monique's praise and of course compliments from the sales staff she tried them on. 

Her first ensemble was a provocative bodysuit in flirty ruffled black lace. The patches of lace covering her sex and nipples were black hearts held together with gold heart hardware. The straps holding everything in place circled her body and didn't seem to fit properly. The bodysuit accentuated each and every curve while leaving little to the imagination. 

When she first exited the fitting room she tried covering herself with her arms, she hadn't worn anything this nice and sexy in quite some time. Monique wouldn't have any of that so she walked over and gently removed Amanda's arms away from her body so she could see how she looked. 

Noticing the straps didn't fit quite right, one of the sales girls offered to adjust it. Politely excusing herself, she slipped her slim fingers underneath the material to correct Amanda's error. Amanda looked into the young girl's eyes, as the girl made the adjustments. She smiled back and in broken English, she whispered to Amanda that she looked delicious. Amanda blushed as the girl finished her task, taking her time enjoying the feel of Amanda's skin on her fingertips. She turned the older woman around to gaze at herself in the full-length mirrors lining the fitting room door and adjacent walls, then stepped back, standing next to Monique to admire her work. The girl whispered something in Monique's ear. Monique nodded smiling back at her.

Amanda was impressed at how she looked in the revealing outfit. She could feel the butterflies caused by the young woman's touch still inside her as she smiled admiring herself.

The second outfit was also black, midnight black the sales girl said which didn't make sense to Amanda but it sounded sexy. It was a push-up balconette with racy strap details that framed her curves. The panties were a matching thong. Luckily, this one fit perfectly with no adjustments needed. 

The third one was a pink teddy that like the others left little to the imagination. It was a stretch mesh fabric with a plunging neckline, thong back and a halter closure. All she needed were garters and a pair of thigh highs to complete the look.

When Amanda came out sans hose Monique ushered her back in to put them on. When she returned she was surprised at how good she really looked. Turning and posing in front of the mirror much to the delight of Monique and the sales staff.

Compliments from the sales girls and Monique reassured her that each of the outfits she tried on looked very sexy and that her husband would enjoy them on her for the brief moments before he ravaged her. Amanda got a kick out of that since she knew she was mainly making Monique happy by trying them on. After trying the three outfits, Monique asked which she was going to purchase since she looked so nice in each of them. Amanda just shrugged it off not wanting to buy anything. But, Monique insisted she buy something, she even offered to pay for one outfit. Amanda felt a bit embarrassed about the entire situation and again declined to purchase anything. Monique let it drop, she thanked the sales staff for their help, winking at them, indicating that they would probably be back.

They left the shop, walking a few blocks to a small cafe where they had lunch. Their discussion centered around the lingerie, Jay and the rest of their day. By the time they finished their lunch Amanda had decided to return to the shop to purchase the pink teddy. Monique was delighted with her decision, deciding to purchase the thigh highs for Amanda. 

They walked back to the shop, the sales girls grinned at each other with their arrival. Monique was right as she had been with previous lovers, she had a persuasive way about her. The sales girls were always delighted seeing her knowing full well the woman she was with would end up buying something. They bagged up the purchases and asked if there were anything else they'd like to try on. The two ladies politely declined. Back on the street, they sauntered about until deciding to return to Monique's. As they walked back Monique's cell phone rang. She excused herself when she answered. Amanda wandered about nearby enjoying the scenery while Monique conversed in French. When she finished she found Amanda, slipping her arm into her lover's, she told her about the conversation with a friend whom she invited over for dinner.

Amanda wasn't sure, she told Jay she'd be back on Saturday. He'd really be upset if she didn't show. Once more Monique had to talk her into something. She assured her she'd enjoy meeting her friend and that Jay would understand. The lingerie she purchased would help smooth over any problems. 

Amanda reluctantly agreed, asking Monique to remind her to call the hotel to let him know. They headed back to Monique's apartment to relax and change clothes for their dinner date. Their conversation throughout the afternoon centered on Monique's friend. Despite all her questions, Amanda found out very little regarding their dinner guest. She was becoming more apprehensive until Monique decided to distract her. 

Monique suggested they go shopping to get the ingredients for their dinner. Amanda reluctantly went with her, worried about her call to Jay which she should have made. They wandered about the farmer's market, supermarche, and various boulangeries looking for the right vegetables, chicken, and wine to combine with dinner. Monique was stalling for time, she didn't want Amanda to return to Jay quite yet.

When they'd finally purchased their ingredients they made their way back to Monique's. Amanda noticed Monique checking her watch quite frequently wondering what was going on. When they arrived back at the apartment Monique began making their dinner right away. It was still a bit early Amanda thought as Monique poured a glass of wine for them both. Monique declined Amanda's offer to help with dinner suggesting she sit and relax. 

Around four Amanda heard a knock on the front door. Monique, busy in the kitchen and knowing who it probably was asked Amanda to open it to let their guest in. She did as requested, cautiously opening the door. She was surprised and a bit delighted to see the young sales girl who had helped her in the store. She smiled as the young woman smiled back.

"Bonjour, Madame, I am Evette. Monique invited me to dine with you this evening."

A bit flustered, her heart fluttering slightly Amanda greeted their guest, "Oh, nice to meet you. I mean we met at the store but I didn't know your name. Please come in. Monique didn't tell me you were coming."

The young woman stepped through the threshold with a curious expression.

"You mean I'm not invited?"

Amanda closed the door behind her, "Oh, no. I meant she didn't tell me it was you. You are invited and welcome. I'm sorry for the misunderstanding."

The girl giggled as Monique walked out of the kitchen to embrace her friend. They kissed each other's cheeks as per custom with Amanda standing idly by. The girl bought a bottle of wine which she handed to Monique who thanked her. Taking the young woman's hand, she motioned for Amanda to follow them into the kitchen. 

The girl marveled at the aroma of the simmering dinner as Monique placed the unopened bottle on the counter. She offered the girl a glass of the wine they had been enjoying which she gladly accepted. The three women stood around the kitchen talking as the meal finished its time cooking. The girl wasn't quite as fluent in English as Monique so there were brief pauses as Monique translated. 

The young woman was the daughter of a friend of Monique's. She helped the young woman get the job at the store and often brought in clients searching for intimate apparel to help her get the commission. Evette was working her way through college wanting to work in the fashion industry when she graduated.

They sipped and talked until dinner was ready then each helping set the table. They sat, enjoying Monique's culinary delight while continuing their conversations about their lives and how they each met. Finishing the opened bottle of wine, Monique proceeded to open and pour Evette's gift. Time slipped past the trio as they ate, drank, and giggled the early evening away. 

When they'd finished their meal, washed the dishes, Amanda noticed the sun beginning to set. She started to panic wanting to get back to Paris and to her loving husband. Monique and Evette informed her the last train had left twenty minutes prior. 

Amanda wasn't pleased. Monique offered her the cell phone to call but for some unknown reason, she had no service. Amanda began to worry, she'd promised to return and now she couldn't even call to explain why. Jay would worry and she didn't want that. 

Evette understood what was happening, placing her arm on the older woman she helped console her in her broken English. Massaging Amanda's back she offered another glass of wine as comfort. Amanda thought for a few moments, the girl's massage did feel nice and she was on the verge of euphoria with the three glasses she'd had since they'd arrived home from shopping. She accepted the final glass as she sat on the sofa feeling sorry for herself, wondering how she was going to explain all this to Jay.

Monique excused herself to head to her bedroom, after a few moments she called out to Evette in French to please join her. Amanda, still sulking, sipped her wine pondering her next move. As she sat she looked around the apartment noticing the absence of Monique and Evette. She set her half empty glass down to head to the bedroom to see what the two women were up to.

Her attention was diverted when Monique opened the bedroom door. She stood there in red, five-inch heels, dressed in crimson panties and bra showing off her large breasts that looked as if they were ready to burst free of their confinement. Evette slipped past her dressed in a bodysuit similar to the one Amanda had first tried at the store which Evette had helped adjust. 

Monique gestured with her forefinger mouthing 'come here'. The look on Amanda's face was priceless, she did a double take unsure of the lovely sights before her.

Amanda stood, then walked over to Monique, "Oh my, you two look amazing in those." 

Monique smiled her finger under Amanda's chin drawing her face closer as she whispered, "Merci, Madame. Just think what Monsieur Jay's face will look like with both of us dressed like this."

Evette giggled, her long blonde locks which were done up in a bun now unfurled, gently waved across her back as she smiled watching the two women interact. The heart shaped patches of lace fabric covered her sex as well as her small, firm breasts. She was slightly shorter than Monique, not quite as curvy. Her nineteen-year-old body was toned and flawless. Amanda looked over at her, lust in her eyes, delighting in the contrast of the two women before her.

"Right now I don't care what Jay would think, you two look amazing. My heart is racing, and I just want to..."

That's when Monique drew their faces together kissing Amanda. Long, slow, sloppy, passionate kissing. Her hands gently slipped around the older woman's waist drawing her closer as they stood in the doorway exploring each other's mouths. Monique could feel Amanda's passion rising once again as they stood kissing and fondling each other. 

The doorway couldn't contain them as they turned and swayed in each other's arms so Monique paused, taking Amanda's hand leading her to the bed. Evette followed, waiting patiently as Monique removed her heels to climb on the bed. She motioned for Evette to join her but the girl asked if she could undress Amanda.

Monique delighted in the girl's suggestion as she propped the pillows up against the headboard. Amanda turned to gaze at the young woman who would soon be removing her clothes and making love to her.

Evette now close to Amanda's height due to the deliciously risqué black stilettos she was wearing strolled over to the older woman. Standing directly in front of Amanda her hands at Amanda's sides, she reached up to the top button of the blouse. She began slowly unbuttoning each button softly speaking to her in French. Amanda didn't have a clue as to what she was saying but it sounded extremely sexy. The delicate touch of this young woman coupled with her sexy whispering in French gave Amanda goose bumps.

Evette was describing her every movement she made and the things she was going to do to the older woman in detail. Monique, understanding everything Evette said just sat back grinning. 

Amanda had forgotten all about Jay and telling him what she was up to, along with heading back to the Hotel. Monique's plans were working out perfectly, Amanda would soon enjoy the younger woman's body, naked next to her. Her youthful beauty and enthusiasm would delight Amanda in a way Monique couldn't. 

Evette moved around Amanda to gently lift the blouse from her shoulders. Her soft caresses, stroking the back of Amanda's neck, further enhanced the experience. Amanda stood motionless alternating between looking at Monique and closing her eyes as Evette continued her delicate task.

The blouse almost floated off her back and onto the floor, Evette stepping over it after unhooking her future lover's bra. That too, easily slid down the older woman's arms landing next to the blouse. The jeans were next. Evette dropped to her knees in front of Amanda. Looking up, she untied Amanda's tennis shoes grasping a calf then removing the shoe. She placed each side by side next to the foot of the bed, out of the way. The socks, she rolled down Amanda's ankle, then feet, massaging each foot once the sock had been removed it, then became reunited with its shoe. Amanda had never experienced such a delicate touch on her feet. Evette's hands stroked and nurtured each foot in turn, watching Amanda's reaction as she did.
