 I'm Greta, a biologist by profession, and although I find the science of biology deeply interesting and rewarding in its own right, I would admit that it isn't ordinarily considered a glamorous field. There was one time though that I was assigned a job that was pretty entertaining, and maybe even a wee bit glamorous. Dr. Howard Barlow, a zoologist and I were sent by our government lab to investigate a large man-eating saltwater crocodile in a small fresh water lake in the Everglades. Our investigation was being led my Paul Kerov of Florida Fish and Game.

It was Fish and Game's mission to discover why a salt-water croc would migrate, primarily over land to this particular backwater lake. Which is a little silly of course, gators and crocs wander around anywhere in mating season, generally heading in the direction of lunch and just hoping for some sex, too. It was all political baloney of course brought on by pressure from environmental groups. We had an escort of four police to "protect" us in our research. At least that's how the story would be presented to the press to keep the environmental groups off our backs.

The real story went like this: On one corner of the lake was a budding tourist community and six people over the last year had died or disappeared. Of the two that died, they were definitely killed by a large croc. The locals called the monster Ol' Granddaddy. Basically, Howie and I were sent to find the future assortment of luggage, and the cops were here to kill it. Howie and I suspected that the four people that had disappeared had left for reasons of their own, but I suppose it is possible that the croc ate them.

Howie is a shallow lecherous jerk for whom I hold no degree of attraction or even a tad of patience. I would never have consented to accompany this expedition really except I had a serious crush on Paul Kerov, the Fish and Game guy, and had been trying to capture his attention for over a year. Despite the presence of a luxury hotel at the tourist resort, we were camped two miles of shoreline away nearer the swampier area of the lake, allegedly the home of Ol' Granddaddy. 

We were quartered in tents, admittedly fairly large comfortable tents if anything in the Florida heat could be called comfortable besides air-conditioning, and as the only two women in the expedition, my roommate was Daisy Wilson, one of the police. Daisy had dark hair she wore straight and was pretty without being dazzling, a little taller than me, and something of an athlete. She had a azure color in her eyes that I really liked. She was friendly and we got along well, especially since there was nothing to do at night but sit in our tents and talk.

The first night we were there, Daisy and I were unpacking and organizing the tent by the light of an electric rechargeable lantern. It was a pretty neat device with a spare battery, both batteries capable of being on six hours each, so if we were idiots, it was possible to have light all night. Daisy finished her organizing first since she didn't have any of the scientific equipment that I had been burdened with. I was still stacking and sorting that stuff. To my surprise, Daisy stripped down to her bra and panties and sat otherwise naked on her cot to watch me work.

"Well, aren't you casual," I remarked over my shoulder. I'm as 'hetero' as women come, but I had to admire her muscular but still feminine legs. Even her breasts were a little larger than mine, and though taller than me, her graceful waist and wide, rounded hips, made her look more feminine than I did. I felt like a tomboy around her. Her straight black hair fell down to the base of her neck. My hair is even shorter than hers but a silky, sandy strawberry blond color. Where I had lightly tanned skin with a few freckles, she had a milky white complexion. Another glance over my shoulder caught sight of the dark vee of her delta, visible through her panties and I thought her degree of nudity was lewd, bordering on obscene.

"Hey, that dark-colored cop uniform I wear is just too hot," she said with a lazy drawl, "and now I'm hardly sweating at all." She paused and then added in the same lazy voice, "I can see sweat on the armpits of your shirt, on your back and even a little in your crotch, so don't look down on me for having more sense than you, Miss Paragon of Science who sweats like a pig."

I was wearing a khaki shirt and matching shorts and a brief self examination revealed her words to be the truth, and although there had been no rancor in her voice, I spoke a bit stiffly, "I may be a little warm but it seems little enough sacrifice not to appear lewd."

"Lewd," she chuckled, "The prude sees lewd. Hey that Dr. Barlow of yours is a lewd man. What did you call him earlier – Howie the trouser snake? He's already asked me to give him a blowjob – said I had a sexy mouth. An hour later, he was telling me my round ass begged for a fucking." She paused and went on, "I guess it depends on what you mean by lewd. Some would say that your round bottom and sexy legs looked pretty lewd with that patch of wetness in the crotch. Maybe you been daydreamin' of Howie the trouser snake and your sweet little cunt is just drippin' with passion for him?"

That remark was a little pointed since I was actually bending over in front of her at the time, so she was certainly getting an eye-full. Trying to keep the giggle I felt out of my voice, I replied tartly, "You southerners, you sound like you want to bend me over a stump and sodomize me."

"It's not an unattractive idea," she admitted equably, "but I don't have the plumbing for it. You want me to pass a note from you to Howie? 'Cause, I'll be honest, if we have to spend a week out here with nothing to do at night, I might be the one bending over the stump telling Howie to bring it on. Probably doesn't have enough prick so's I'd notice though, and there I'd be, just bent over that stump, wishin' an' hopin'."

I couldn't hide my chuckle from that notion not to mention her imitation of hick-talk. Daisy did have a genuine drawl but only affected the hick part for humor's sake. I couldn't hold back and went ahead and chuckled, "I'd have sex with Ol' Granddaddy before I would let Howie touch me. As for you, if you so much as winked at him, he'd come in his pants. Daisy, the more I'm around you, the more I like you," I straightened and rubbed my lower back. "I had planned to stay stupid for the sake of stubbornness, but I am so hot! I will directly join you in your lewd state of undress."

"That would have been pretty damn stubborn all right," as she watched me unbutton my shirt. "If your crotch got much more drippy, I'd bring Howie in for a peek just to watch him spurt across the tent."

"Well," I confessed, "There were other benefits besides stubbornness. I was enjoying calling you lewd, and I had great plans for calling you a harlot and a slut." I pulled down my shorts and ruefully noted that my panties were transparent with sweat. "And now I look like I've creamed in my own pants. Maybe you'll still give me an excuse to call you a harlot and a slut?"

"Careful with that sexy talk," she drawled, "it gets powerful boring out here at night, and it is possible to improvise plumbing," she wiggled her fingers then stuck out a surprisingly long tongue and made a suggestive curling gesture with it, "And there are plenty of stumps in this swamp." Her eyes dropped suggestively to my wet crotch. "And I love the color of your snatch."

I laughed out loud at her act, and then glanced back down to my crotch with chagrin; I could clearly see the color of my sandy red/blond pubic hair through the damp, nearly transparent rayon. "Do you think we could risk a quick dash to the lake and a quick rinse in the water?"

Daisy shook her head seriously, "Aside from Ol' Granddaddy, there's other gators out there and they're all pretty unpredictable in mating season. The odds are we'd get in and out safe enough, but the odds aren't as long as I'd like and the consequences just too severe." She looked over my sweaty body and gave me a grin. Her grin brought out dimples I hadn't expected and made her look very pretty in the lamplight. "But we have four buckets in here that we could fill with water, and then pour 'em over each other with pretty much the same effect. Are you game?"

I wiped damp strands of hair out of my eyes and felt a drop of sweat fall from the tip of my nose, I could also feel two different drops of sweat rolling down my tummy towards my already soaked panties. "Hell yeah, Daisy. Let's do it!" We put on flip-flops and hurried out of the tent, each of us carrying two buckets. After filling them at the lake, I whispered, "Where?" We were too much in the open at the beach, and any of the men could come out of their tents at any moment. Seeing us like this would put them in a sexual frenzy for a week. With a jerk of her head, she indicated I should follow. She led me to a small moonlit clearing just a couple of dozen yards from the back of our tent.

"You must have planned this," I whispered.

I could see the gleam of moonlight on her teeth as she grinned, "Not my first time being stuck out here on one fool errand or another." She whispered back. We sat our buckets down, except one that Daisy held out to me, "Pour about a third of it over my head."

I held the bucket high over her head and tipped it. She turned her face upward as I poured and ran her fingers through her hair as if shampooing. I stopped pouring as I calculated a third had gone. She gasped softly at the coolness and whispered, "Oh sugar, right now that felt even better than sex." She grasped the tops of her bra and pulled it outward, stretching it to make room for water. "A little more in here." I poured until she sighed, "Enough." Then she stretched out the front of her panties and, "Just pour the rest in here, honey." I poured and her panties bulged with water and slowly subsided it as it ran out the bottoms over her legs. "Now get another bucket."

I picked up another one, and to my surprise, she turned her back to me, bent over nearly double, pulled her panties part way down and spread the cheeks of her ass. "Right in the crack, slow and easy," she whispered to me from under her armpit. I was embarrassed from this view of her, and not just the obscenity of a woman spreading her bottom for me, but I was also a bit piqued at myself for admiring the view. But my mind easily made the adjustment of how delicious it would feel, and I obeyed in every particular. "Stop," she whispered and pulled her water-loaded panties back up, letting out a sigh of contentment as the excess rushed down her legs. Then she had me pour a little on each armpit, which she scrubbed with her hands. Finally, she had me pour the rest over her head again as she turned this way and that to let the water hit her in various places.

Out here in the wilderness moonlight, her pale, shapely nudity cut an erotic and beautiful image that I couldn't help but appreciate and admire. Women are incredibly sexy, I thought, wondering if I had ever noticed that before. Then it was my turn, and she directed me with whispers while she exactly imitated what I had done to her. And she was right! The coolness of the water running over my body in the heat of the night was as pleasurable as sex. I quickly felt unselfconscious and free despite the sinful degree of pleasure that Daisy's bathing me provided. I didn't even mind bending over and spreading my ass in front of her so keen was my anticipation for the cool water.

After the last drop of water fell on me from the last empty bucket, Daisy looked me up and down, "Sugar pot, out here in the moonlight, you look like some primal sex goddess with your body glistening like a holy glow. I never saw anything as sexy in my life."

Ordinarily, a remark like that would have embarrassed me beyond belief, but out in the moonlight, I accepted her worshipful words as plain and honest truth, especially since I had thought the same about her, "Yeah? Well, I thought the same thing about you when I was washing you, Daisy. I don't think I've ever seen anything as sexy or beautiful. From now on, this will be a nightly event. God, I feel great!" I had spoken very softly but I did feel like a nature goddess and had the sudden urge to go naked. "Maybe we should do this naked, next time. Wouldn't you love that?"

Daisy chuckled, "That might be a treat for the eyes and fun as well, but think how nice it was to use the bras and panties as water scoops. Especially when you fill the panties from the rear and pull 'em up and that cool water tries to get up in your holes, mmm; nah, wouldn't want to give that up."

I felt like I should blush from her choice of words, but the profound truth of them washed away my inhibitions, "Thanks Daisy. Thanks for everything." 

She lightly touched my elbow as she guided me back to our tent, "My pleasure," she whispered in what I felt was a sensual way, "And I have another treat for you in the tent. I want us to be real intimate and chummy because I have to tell you something that I don't think you're going to like to hear."

We stepped into the tent, leaving our shower shoes outside the zippered mosquito flap so as not to track mud in the tent. I wondered what she had to tell me that she thought I wouldn't like, but didn't figure it could be too serious. We had only met five or six hours ago. She pulled out two tin cups and a bottle of Remy Martin of all things! "This is my favorite stuff, and I have a few spare bottles in case we're stuck out here a week."

"Isn't that sort of expensive on a cop's salary?" I inquired curiously.

"Maybe," she grinned, "but I get it at a duty free PX since I'm still in the reserves." She handed me a cup of the cognac and said, "Bottoms up on the first, and the second's for sipping." She turned it up and drank it down in about four swallows.

I did the same wondering at my behavior. I mean I really was getting awfully fond of Daisy, so maybe I was trying to impress her, which was silly – she could probably beat me at anything in the world but biology. But it really wasn't like me to drink heavily. I started to say something but she put a finger on her lips and refilled the cups. I was holding my hand on my tummy from the burn of the brandy. She noticed, grinned and handed me a cold beer out of the water cooler she kept by her bed. "Might as well drink it cold tonight, no ice tomorrow." I popped the top and gulped a couple of swallows and it did put out the fire.

I set the beer aside keeping my brandy cup in my hand, "Ok, so spill it. I used deodorant this morning so that can't be it. Forgot to pack it though, so you might be complaining about that tomorrow night." I glanced down at my panties, more transparent than ever, and then I glanced over at hers. My god, I could even see where her lower lips parted slightly from the way she was sitting. "Do you think we should change out of our wet underwear?"

"Those wet bra and panties are the closest thing you're going to have to air-conditioning for the rest of the night. Personally I wouldn't take mine off unless sex was immanent, and I mean really starting to happen."

I smiled at her observation, sure that once again she was right, "So this terrible thing you are going to tell me. You saw a deadly spider crawl up my ass in the woods and I have only three hours to live?"

Daisy chuckled and shook her head. She had deepest blue eyes I noticed as she kind of squinted them at me, "Part of a cop's job is to be observant, to be a good judge of character and judge what people're thinking, least ways as much as can be told from reading their faces. You have a pretty face Greta, but it's an open book. Every time you look at Paul, you nearly cream your panties, but I have to figure you don't know him very well, at least, not as well as you think you do."

So that's it, I thought, she wants him too, and I'm treading on her hunting grounds. I made my voice as cold as I could, "I don't blame you for wanting him, Daisy. He's a beautiful man, and kind and generous of spirit. But we don't have to be enemies about it. The best girl will win, and that will be that."

Daisy made a face like she had tasted something bitter that had shot out of a frog's ass, and I was the frog. She looked at me as if I was ill in some way. She shook her head and muttered something under her breath. She took a slow deep breath and looked me in the eye again and this time her expression was earnest and sympathetic. "You were right about him being beautiful and kind, but girl, the man is gay. His roommate is a guy I know on the force, and they are both of them crazy in love with each other, and they are both of them HIV positive." She looked down at her feet as if ashamed of what she'd told me.

I drank all my cognac down in a gulp again, held out the cup for a refill, then picked up the beer and took two gulps of that to cool the burn that was threatening to make me vomit. "You're lying?" I whined pathetically. She didn't even look up at me, just shook her head. "Not the slightest chance you could be mistaken?" This time she did look up at me, and although she didn't say anything, the sad expression in her eyes made tears well up in mine.

"I don't even know why I am upset," I kept my voice even and tried to ignore the tears, which wasn't easy as one escaped and ran down my cheek. "It was just an adolescent crush on someone that I obviously didn't even know. I've been trying to get his attention for a little over a year, and I figured coming out here with him would be my big chance. Have you ever heard of anything so juvenal and stupid?"

Daisy set her drink aside and sat on my cot beside me. She put her arm around me and kissed the errant tear. She didn't say a word, just held me. I felt the cool dampness of her bra touching my shoulder, and her cool wet hair trailing on my shoulder, and it felt so wonderful in the warm air, and strangely though the arm around me was warm, it felt good, too. "It's just time for me to turn my mind to other things," I whispered absently, noticing that I was getting a little drunk.

She put her finger under my jaw and turned my head toward her. She kissed me gently, a warm sisterly kiss of love and support. It felt so real, so right, that I kissed back, her lips parted and so did mine, and our tongues touched. I don't think either of us meant that to happen, for a kiss between girls to go that far. I knew I should stop it, but it had been two years since I'd had sex and I'd wasted over half that time on a man whose radar didn't even register my blip. I'd never had sex with a woman; I had never wanted to have sex with a woman, and I thought the idea was repulsive and perverted, but I was enjoying Daisy's kiss so much I didn't stop. I opened my mouth fully to her and her tongue slipped deliciously under mine. This was turning into the sweetest most delicious kiss of my life. 

I wanted to stop it, but my body just wouldn't, now. I felt warmth in my groin, and I could feel my nipples hardening against the coolness in my wet bra. I thought of how beautiful her body had looked in the moonlight, and it was that thought, along with the escalating passion of our kiss that finally brought back my inhibitions. Finally, with a gasp, I turned my head away and said softly, "I'm sorry, Daisy. I feel a real affection towards you, but I'm just not gay."

"Neither am I," murmured Daisy, kissing my shoulders and neck – the sensations she was giving me filled me with delight, and I felt goose-pimples pop out on my arms. "But I do occasionally make love to women, especially when I'm between men. A little something I picked up in the Army, and again later in college." her tongue traced around my ear and I shivered with pleasure. "And you need something to take your mind off a man."
