 My high heels echo on the tiled floor as I slowly enter the woman’s bathroom. 

As I take in the starkness of my impersonal surroundings, I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I tug self-consciously at my short denim mini skirt. I had noticed people looking at me when I walked through the Mall. I wasn’t sure if they had been checking out my curvy ass or my tattooed leg. The white shirt I’m wearing is pulling tight against my breasts. I move closer to the mirror and undo a couple of top buttons. I open up the collar a little, revealing a flash of breast tattoos. It was you, who had instructed me on what to wear for this adventure.

I lift my gaze and look at my reflection. My black hair falls loosely to my shoulders. I run my fingers through the waves silently wishing them to grow faster. My cheeks are slightly flushed and my green eyes are sparkling mischievously. I could feel my heart pounding.

I’m feeling very nervous and naughty at the same time. I can’t believe I’m about to do this... 

Earlier today you dared me to do this; to strip naked in a Mall bathroom cubicle. Leaving the door unlocked, to catch the reactions of anyone who ‘accidentally’ walked in. You know how much I hate backing out of dares…

I pull my thoughts back to the here and now and have another look around….

There are a few women in here already. I observe several empty cubicles and I wander over to one. I close the door quietly. A quick glance around tells me there isn’t a hell of a lot of room in here. I take a deep breath as I unbutton the rest of my shirt and slide it off. I lower the toilet lid and drop the shirt over it. I reach behind my back and unclasp my bra. I slip the straps down my tattooed arms and drop this also, onto my shirt. I rub my hands over my full breasts, enjoying the freedom. I give them a loving squeeze.

It is quite cool in the bathroom and I can’t help but notice how hard my nipples are. I lick a finger and run it over my nipples, watching them grow instantly bigger. I smirk as I slowly lower the zip on my skirt – the noise is quite noticeable. I pull it down over my ass and wiggle out of it. I kick it aside. I pause and consider leaving my black g-string on. This passes in an instant, as I know you wanted me in here naked. I tuck my thumbs into the sides and pull them down. These too, I kick aside, leaving my 4 inch black stilettos on, as per your instructions. 

I hear the main bathroom door open and close a couple of times. A shadow passes by my door. It disappears then comes back. I’m leaning against the cold wall pinching my nipples. The door opens a little, and I hear a womans voice ask, “Anyone in here?” 

I say nothing as the door continues to open. In seconds I’m face to face with the owner of the voice. 

“Oh shit!” she says, eyes wide open.

She has big blue eyes and looks like one of those executive types. She quickly looks me up and down. I continue playing with my nipples and tits. My eyes lock onto hers as I run one hand down to my pussy. It’s all too much for this woman.

“Sorry,” she squeaks, and closes the door quickly. I giggle to myself.

The door is left slightly ajar. I push my clothing off the toilet seat and straddle the porcelain. I sit down carefully, enjoying the sensation of the butt plug. I blush when I remember how you insisted I add it to my ‘accessories’ this morning and the fun I had inserting it. I lean back a little and place my hand on my pussy. Wet. I idly run a finger up and down my slit. I close my eyes. I’m surprised at how much I’m enjoying this.

The next instant, the cubicle is filled with light. My eyes fly open.

“Oh my God!” I hear a horrified screeching voice.

There is an older woman standing in the wide-open doorway. She seems so disgusted that she can’t even move. I notice there is a group of maybe three younger girls at the bench behind her. They are laughing and trying to see what this woman finds so distasteful. 

I look up at the woman’s face. I remove my finger from my cunt and bring it to my mouth. I lick it before plunging it in my mouth. I swear she nearly passes out. She is speechless as she stumbles away. I laugh. So do the girls at the bench.

“Holy fuck!” says one of them when she spies me.

“You nearly killed the old bat!” laughs another. I wink at them while reaching for the door with a foot. 

“Ooopsy!” I say as I push the door closed with my toe, after I give them a cheeky wink. The girls giggle and I hear them talking excitedly at the same time. 

“Fucking cool,” says one. “Good one!” calls another. Their voices fade away as they disappear back into the mall.

I am nearly laughing now and I sigh as I stand up. I wonder how long I am suppose to stay in here. You never did give me a time frame. The place is silent. I turn around. My back facing the door. I consider getting dressed. I reach down for my clothing, when I notice the cubicle door opening slowly. I keep my position, with my ass up in the air and look behind me. 

It’s that executive chick. She looks at my ass. 

“Shit,” I realize suddenly. “She'll see the plug.” 

She looks at me. 

“Y'know, you’re not supposed to use these bathrooms for what you’re doing.” I stand up and turn around. 

“I’m not suppose to do a lot of things, but I do them anyway,” I tell her.

She is actually very attractive now that I get a better look at her. She has perfectly straight long hair, an auburn color. Immaculate make-up. She is wearing a low cut suit jacket and a mid thigh skirt. She enters the cubicle and closes the door, locking it.

“Wow,”' she says, looking at my tattoos. Her gaze lowers. I am playing with my pussy jewellery. Her eyes widen as she crouches before me. 

“I’ve never seen one of these close up before,” she says. Her voice has become quite husky. 

She asks me a few questions about the piercing. I feel my pussy getting wetter, seeing her before me. I’ve never had a woman touch my cunt before and I’m trying hard not to stammer when I answer her. She slowly raises her hand and runs a perfectly manicured finger down my freshly shaved pussy and touches the jewellery. She flicks it sending a gorgeous shock wave to my clit. My breathing gets a little heavier. She runs her fingers down the length of my slit. I move my feet apart a little as she slides a finger up my slippery cunt. I close my eyes as my head falls back a little. 

She continues to work my pussy expertly until I am dripping. My God, I think to myself. She’s surely done this before.

I look down to see her face moving towards my glistening cunt. Her tongue extends and licks my slit slowly. Her tongue plays with my jewellery. I’m in a state of bliss. She uses one hand to open me up to her hot tongue and reaches behind me. She finds my butt plug. Her tongue works its way deeply into my pussy as she gently pushes on the plug. My knees want to give way. I reach down and grasp her head. Instantly she stops.

“Please, don’t touch me.” She doesn’t even look up.

I groan and extend my arms out each side of me, using the walls to support me. She buries her face into my pussy and digs her tongue back into my cunt. She taps on the butt plug driving me crazy. I feel my body tensing up and know I am going to cum any second. She must know this as she thrusts a finger deep into me. 

“Oh fuck,” I moan.... I can’t believe I am naked in a cubicle, my legs spread wide, with this woman kneeling before me, eating me out. It’s all too much. I feel my cunt so deeply tense it nearly hurts. I am panting heavily and my knees nearly buckle as the immense wave of orgasm crashes through me. I ride her tongue hard as I cum in her mouth. Deeper and deeper her tongue works into me. I want to scream out, make some noise. My hips buck from the intensity and she grabs my ass, holding me still. 

I feel a sweat break out on my brow and my breasts are heaving. I try to catch my breath. She continues to lick me as the jolts eventually subside. I groan as I finally relax, enjoying the moment of her lapping my juices from me. I feel her licking my outer lips and she twirls her tongue around my clit. Fuck it is so sensitive. She gives me one last long, deep lick. 

I look at her as she moves away a little, licking her lips. She stands up and looks at me with her bright blue eyes, before she leans in and kisses me softly. Her tongue probes my panting mouth and I taste myself on her lips. She pulls away, straightening herself up. Her lipstick is smudged. She opens the door and walks out without saying a word. She doesn’t look back.

I catch my breath and touch my sopping wet cunt. It’s still pulsating. I feel slightly flustered as I force myself to reach down for my crumpled clothing. I can’t help but smile, as I think of you and your dare.

Oh baby, I can’t wait to tell you about THIS…