 It was a hot summers night, the type that was so sticky that you could see the heat simply raise up off of the grates in the street even the lights had a haze around them. Every step you took caused you to feel like you could wring out your hair, your clothes clung to you like a second skin and with every breath you too came a second little gasp from behind it. 

It was because of this heat that people began to flock into the restaurants and clubs. Why you might ask? Air Conditioning the savior of choice, even I found myself giving into the seduction of it and that is where my story begins as the door swung open to the “Tiny Tea Pot” a local hangout for the college goers.

Now this normally wasn’t my crowd, which could be seen by the way I was dressed. I preferred those dark seedy places, the type that normal people stared in the windows of trying to get a glimpse of the interior but this night to beat this dreadful heat I decided to see how the other half lived. 

As the door swung open they all looked up at me, but who could blame them. I stand about 5’10, my hair, which is woven into intricate little braids, and colored fuchsia hangs in an array of bells at my waist. I had chosen a tight little black corset that laced up the back which caused my breasts to push upward leaving an enticing valley of cleavage that drew the eye right to it and I had finished my look off with a gypsy style skirt in black which flowed to my ankles, and a simple pair of black boots that laced up to my knees beneath the skirt. Their heads turned as I entered, their eyes widened and I ever the performer winked at each in turn. 

I made my way to a corner table, where I picked up a menu tea, teas and more teas any kind you could imagine. 

“Can I help ya” I instantly looked around to see where the voice had come from and there standing before me was by far the cutest little thing I had ever seen. 

She stood about 5’6 she had long red hair that sat just about her hips, the most soulful brown eyes the type you could just get lost in, her smile spoke volumes about the type of person she was, and her body so innocent, so childlike. With those tiny little breasts you just want to suck on, and the swell of her hip that caused you to swoon as she walked. I found myself staring at her, and she didn’t seem to mind at all. 

“P-Ppeppermint tea” I stammered out as I shut the menu, she reached out and our fingers brushed I could feel the little electrical currents spread along my skin. 

“Can I get ya anything else?” I could have sworn she winked at me maybe it was wishful thinking? Maybe I was just seeing things. 

“Just the tea” I was fighting to recompose myself as I leaned back in the chair crossing one leg over the other and fishing for the clove cigarettes I knew I had stuffed into my beaded bag. 

“Well if I can get ya anything, anything at all.” There it was again another wink I could feel my blood running hot and cold at the same time. 

I watched her as she walked away, smiling at the way her body moved part of me wanted to slid a hand into my panties right then and give them all a show as I relieved myself of the lust that was steadily growing for her. I shifted in my seat I could feel the wet spot growing and to make matters worse she was coming towards me again a steaming cup of tea in her hand. 

“Are ya alright” she leaned down towards me a bit and she set down the teacup I could smell the scent of jasmine raising off her skin. “Ya look a bit flushed”

“Oh I am fine, it is just the heat” Why was I so nervous! I had seen hundreds of women, slept with a dozen too what was it about her that made me feel so giddy. 

“As long as your sure” she touched my hand again “If ya need anything my name is Monique I’ll be right over there” and she pointed towards the area where a group of waitress’s were sitting about laughing at each other. 

Now the whole world had melted away, even if there were other people in the shop I didn’t notice them. After she walked away I found myself whispering “Monique” it sounded almost sinful as it rolled off my tongue, my eyes were riveted to her my heart was pounding. Every now and then she would look back at me and I would feel my pussy contract, my hand in my lap inched closer and closer to sliding beneath my skirt I was on fire I had to stop this. 

I nearly knocked the teacup from my table as I rushed to the bathroom forgetting to lock the door behind myself I leaned over the sink, I was in such a rush to stop the pulsing I felt that I jammed my hand into my panties, my fingers moved wildly on my clit tugging at the tiny silver hoop that protruded from it, my other hand had slipped up to cup my breast, rolling a nipple between two fingers and I stared at myself in the mirror as I drove myself towards a buckling orgasm right there in the bathroom of the “Tiny Tea Pot” 

“Can I help?” a voice said behind me as I heard the lock on the door click shut. I was caught, yet instead of behind embarrassed I turned around pulling my hand from my panties and extending two dripping fingers. 

“Look, look what you did to me.” I followed each movement she made as she pushed off from the door, reaching me she bent her head and wrapped her tongue around my fingers licking the juices from them. 

“Well the customer should always get what they want,” she said huskily as she slid a hand up my side and over my breast. “Tell me what is it you want?” her head titled to one side as she took in my face. 

“I want you” Just admitting the words caused my body to quiver insanely 

“Then it is your lucky day it seems I am on the menu” and she rose to the tips of her toes pressing her lips to mine, her tongue barbell and all pushed into my mouth in a searching kiss. 

Here I was being swept away by this woman, my heart was crashing in my ears like waves crashed against the shore in a storm. 

“Sit on the edge of the sink” she winked at me as she pulled back from our kiss, her long red colored nails traced endless circles across my stomach urging me backwards and I found myself giving in seating myself legs crossed watching her intently.

“No, No that will never do” she teased as she slid down to her knees, her hand brushed lightly against my legs working steadily inwards till they pried my legs open. 

I was in awe of her, there wasn’t an ounce of fear or regret in her movements carefully she leaned into me, and slowly she began to slide her tongue up the inner part of my thigh inhaling audibly at the scent that secreted from my soaked panties. 

“Mmm intoxicating” she whispered as she ran her tongue along the edge of them letting it slip ever so delicately below to taste the juices that threatened to pour from within my glistening pussy. 

“I think we need to get you a bit more comfortable first.” Rolling back on to the heels of her shoes she hooked two fingers around my panties and began to pull them down, it was almost as if she was unwrapping a present. 

“Won’t be needing those,” she giggled softly as she threw them to the floor again she used her hands to pry my legs open, and this time she immediately went to work. 

I let out a wild moan as soon as I felt her barbell interlock with my clit ring, which she pulled teasingly as I bit my lip remembering this was a teashop we were in but I could not help myself she just felt so good. 

Her movements were slow at first; her tongue searched every inch of my slit. My legs shook with each stroke, I felt as if I was going to vibrate off the sink and go crashing into her. 

Her lips were like pure sin, carefully she curled them around my clit suckling it teasingly, at the same time her fingers slid up beneath me and one soon found it’s way deep inside of me. Such power she had in that finger as she pushed it into me over and over a second soon joining the first, her lips still assaulting my clit with perfect precision. 

My back arched, and my head nearly ricocheted off the mirror one of my hands slipped down to curl into her hair as I rode the finger she moved within me her lips finally loosening around my clit, her tongue once more moving in long wicked strokes. 

I felt myself lift upwards as she slipped in a second finger, pushing and pulling in an endless tug of war I was on the brink of loosing control. 

I was gasping for breath, my heart was racing out of my chest and just as I was about to explode a load knock came at the door. 

“Hey other people have to use the bathroom too you know, I’ve been waiting fifteen minutes” my eyes widened at the woman’s voice, yet Monique never even bothered to stop, in fact the voice at the door caused her to quicken her attentions, adding a third finger to the exploration of my body which was quickly rewarded with a rush of juices as my body finally gave into her. I could feel my muscles tighten around her fingers, pulling them deeper into me as I road out wave after wave of my sordid little climax, rocking back and forth on the sink trying to muffle the sound that was pouring from within me. 

The woman at the door banged again this time her voice was filled with anger “Come on already what are you doing fucking in there?” I couldn’t help but laugh at Monique who stood up licking her lips looking all sorts of innocent. 

“Alright already, Alright yeesh customer was having trouble with the sink I was helping her fix it, but if ya can’t wait we’ll let ya in right now.” These words came much to my surprise as I went scrambling for my panties that she had thrown on the floor of course this now brought a giggle from Monique as my legs wobbled and I caught myself on the wall. 

“Go back to your table, I’ll be right behind ya,” she whispered in my ear just before nipping it, her hand rested on my ass giving it a little squeeze. I found my face flushing as I stuffed my panties into my corset, smoothing out my skirt I unlocked the door and pushed past the woman who looked as if she was about to explode. 

I felt like everyone was staring at me as I passed them, had they heard me in the bathroom? The wild moans and guttural groans as Monique devoured my helpless pussy, my face flushed just at the memory of her there between my legs. What was worse was the wondering. How many women had she followed into the bathroom, how many skirts hand she lifted, and how many panties had been discarded to the floor while Monique explored their owner’s crevices. 

I found myself sliding down in my chair, too embarrassed to look left or right for that matter. My hand found it’s way to the teacup in front of me, lifting it to my lips.

“Ugh” I wished as the cold mint splashed against my lips, and my nose screwed up in protest. 

“Here” I lifted my head at the sound of her voice our eyes met and I could have sworn I saw sparks fly. “Sorry about the sink, please except this on the house for the inconvenience ” I could see her lip tremble as she spoke could what happened have been more to her than what I had thought; I shook my head trying not to allow such thoughts to consume me. 

Our hands touched again, and this time I felt a piece of paper press between my fingers as she set the cup down we looked at each other once more and I found myself whimpering, as soon as she walked away I flipped open the small scrap my eyes training on what was written. 

I hope I was not to forward, but if I was I am prepared to be again I get off work at 11:30pm I would like it if you wait for me. Will you? 

-M-

As I looked up I saw her staring at me, trying to size up my reaction to her proposal and all I could do as she searched my face inquisitively was smile and nod.

To Be Continued..