 Sitting in the park, feeling the sun on my face felt so good. I like to come to the park when I have things on my mind. Usually hearing children squealing and laughing at play, helps me sort out my thoughts. Today though, it was not helping much. My husband of 20 years had told me this morning, "I didn't satisfy him in bed anymore and he wanted a divorce." Said he found another woman, in her early 30's that made him happy. So feeling confused and really worthless at 40 years old, I was starting over.

Wiping my hand across my face, I realized those damn tears had started again. Hearing someone calling my name, I turned around. I seen my friend Helen walking toward me looking concerned. "Julie, I have been hollering your name clear across the park," she said smiling. Seeing my face, her smile faded. "Oh baby, what's wrong?" she asked, taking me in her arms. Explaining what had happened, she suggested we go to her house across the street.

Julie was surprised at the tingle of excitement that ran through her as she went into Helen's arms. Going into Helen's house, Julie excused herself to go into the bathroom and wash her face. Julie thought back to the first time she had met Helen, it was in her local pharmacy, where Helen had just started working. Although Julie had never made love to another woman, she felt herself getting moist every time Helen smiled at her. Helen was built a lot like Julie, kind of chunky, not real tall, big breasted, with the most beautiful smile Julie had ever seen. When she smiled at Julie, her whole face lit up and her eyes sparkled, Julie thought she was gorgeous.

Julie's loins were warming just thinking about her, trying to shake the thoughts out of her head, "probably couldn't satisfy her either," tears welling up again. Going into the front room, Helen was smiling sitting on the couch, patting the seat beside her, so Julie sat down. Helen said, "Thought you might could use this," handing her a glass of wine. Julie really did need it; she slammed that glass down and another 3 or 4 after it. Neither of them speaking, Julie looked at Helen, with tears in her eyes, "He says I can't satisfy him in bed anymore and that I'm worthless!"

A really strange look went across Helen's face, "I find that really hard to believe because I think you are one of the most exciting women I have ever met!" Julie raised her eyes up to meet Helen's, seeing the look on Helen's face sent a jolt of excitement through her. Helen leaned toward Julie, caressing her face gently, "you are so beautiful, so hot, I have wanted you for long," whispered Helen. Licking the outline of Julie's lips, Helen nibbled and gently kissed her. Sighing deeply, Julie grasped the back of Helen's head and thrust her tongue inside her mouth

She did not know if it was right or not but she wanted Helen so bad. Sucking gently on Helen's tongue, Julie was getting so wet. Helen was lightly tracing the outlines of Julie's breasts with the tips of her fingers, through her clothes, tweaking the nipples of each breast as Julie moaned into her mouth. Julie wasn't sure what to do so she was doing the same thing to Helen. Julie felt a shudder of delight go through Helen as she leaned back and pulled Julie's shirt over her head.

Not wearing a bra, Julie gasped as the cool air touched her breasts. Helen was caressing them gently and gazing at them with hunger in her eyes. "Oh baby, you are so beautiful," she murmured. Standing Julie in front of her, Helen flicked her tongue over her hard nipples, somehow making them harder.

Nibbling around each nipple, first one then the other and back again. It was driving Julie crazy, it had been such a long time since anyone took anytime with her pleasure. Pressing them together, Helen licked and nibbled both nipples at the same time, Julie was trembling she was so excited. "Oh baby, you taste so good," Helen groaned. "I want to taste you too," Julie, said surprising herself. Pulling away from Helen, she bent over and started unbuttoning Helen's work smock. Unfastening her bra, freeing her subtle breasts, Julie gasped at the beautiful sight.

Julie pushed Helen back on the couch, pulling her pants off as she slid back. As Helen leaned back on the couch in just her white lacy, silk panties, Julie just stared at her in awe. Leaning over she sucked one of Helen's hard nipples into her mouth as Helen moaned softly. Sliding her hand down she began to rub Helen's hard clit through her panties and she nibbled her nipples eagerly. Licking and kissing her way down she wasn't sure what to do but was so excited by Helen's sweet scent, that she let her instincts take over.

She had to lick her sweet cunny; the intoxicating aroma was more than she could bear. Diving in she licked her up and down her sweet slit through her panties while Helen moaned, thrashing her head back and forth with sheer delight. She jerked uncontrollably as Julie licked her. Pulling her panties to one side, Julie continued her assault on Helen's hard clit while sliding two fingers into her wetness as Helen squealed in pleasure. Watching Helen's face was pure enjoyment for Julie, head tilted back, eyes closed savoring the intense enjoyment she was receiving

When Julie slammed her fingers into Helen's wet pussy, her eyes flew open as Julie kept sucking on her swollen clit. Whimpering and pleading, Helen begged for her release, starting to tremble, Julie knew she was close. Helen was pumping Julie's fingers and mouth as she started to come hard. As wave after wave of her orgasm flooded Helens senses she was sobbing in pure unadulterated pleasure. Julie licked as fast as she could, not being able to stand the thought of losing any of Helen's sweet juices. 

As her cum started to subside, she pulled Julie up on top of her and kissed her deeply. Feeling breasts against breast, clits against clits was more than Julie could take. She was so hot, so wet, she wanted to cum now! Rotating her hips, she started grinding her clit against Helens, slowly at first, and then speeding up. Rising up to almost a sitting position, Julie was whimpering as Helen held her hips and sucked her nipples. Lost in a world all their own, as they continued grinding their clits together as Julie screamed she was cumming. She thought she would go insane, never had she had an orgasm so intense, so hard. She never wanted it to end but, alas, it started to subside as Helen held her shaking body. 

Julie opened her eyes to find Helen staring deep into her eyes, so contently, so lovingly as they shyly smiled at each other. "Baby, you are definitely not the one with a problem in bed," Helen said holding her closer. Still holding Julie in her arms Helen whispered, " Honey, next time the licking's on me!" with a giggle in her voice as they drifted off to a completely sated sleep.