 For those of you who know my writing, this is a break from my normal style. While my other stories may borrow small bits of truth or experiences from my own life, they are undoubtedly fiction.

This however is a true event that was related to me by a good friend and I have tried to retell it as faithfully as I can. 

*

My Name is Cally and I'm a lesbian.

Makes me sound like I'm introducing myself at some kind of gays anonymous meeting, but I guess the point I'm trying to make is that I'm happy and content to be who I am. 

I wouldn't exactly say "out and proud" because being proud of something that is an intrinsic part of who you are seems strange, like being proud of having arms and legs, but I have no issues around my sexuality -- not any more, anyway.

We all know what it's like to grow up, encounter puberty and then have to learn what to do with our newly found sexuality. I guess it's easier for those who are straight as the routes for meeting people and the experimentation that follows are more obvious and easy to find, but I knew I was gay from day one. 

I did have a couple of fumbling attempts at making out with boys as I knew it was expected of me, but I knew it wasn't for me -- I was far too interested in watching other girls in communal showers or changing rooms for boys to hold my attention.

Consequently I experimented when I could with girls, however as it was a bit more difficult to identify other girls who felt the same way, especially when you grow up in a small rural village, where girls my own age were more likely to feel confused about their lack of attraction to boys and often hid their budding lesbianism, it wasn't always easy.

Simpler for me than for girls in the same situation 20 years earlier though; at least I had the internet to help me.

The upshot of this is that some of my earlier experiences were not only less than great, some were downright disastrous and instead of helping me to come to terms with who and what I was, had the opposite effect and left me feeling as if I was 'wrong' in some way.

One encounter had a very profound effect on me, when at the tender age of 22 I met a woman online and we started to chat. Innocently at first, however after a few weeks we were flirting with each other and started to fantasize about meeting in person.

She seemed like a great person when we were chatting online; there was no pressure, we laughed and joked and obviously had a mutual attraction and so eventually we agreed to meet and I travelled to where she lived to spend the weekend with her.

That first weekend was good and we had lots of fun, both in and out of the bedroom but by my third visit she was making demands of me that I just wasn't happy with and she really didn't want to take no for an answer. She started to get really aggressive when it became obvious that she wasn't going to get her own way. Aggressive enough that I packed my things and walked out before the situation could turn even more nasty.

I don't want to go into the details as she really isn't an important part of this story other than by way of an explanation as to why after knowing that I was gay from an early age, I suddenly started to question my sexuality.

The way she treated me left me feeling very down and depressed, I shied away from any other contact, either physical or online, that could turn vaguely sexual and hid myself away; I didn't even masturbate as every time I touched myself it made me think of her and the way she had treated me.

I got so low that I started to loathe myself to the point where I thought of myself as having an illness called 'Lesbianism'.

Yes I know how wrong that is! But it's hard to be rational when your heads a mess, especially as I hadn't come out to my family or most of my friends at that point and had no one I could turn to for support. 

Even less rational than perceiving my sexuality as an illness was the route that my addled brain came up with to 'cure' myself.

I'm a very feminine woman. I like nice clothes and I like to make the best of myself with carefully styled hair and tasteful make up. I am told (and who am I to argue?) that I'm an extremely attractive woman and that my petite frame has all the right curves in all of the right places and yes, I like to dress in a way that shows off my attributes to their best advantage, but I'm no slut and I'm not cheap.

Until this point the worst unwanted attention I had received was from a group of very butch lesbians that used to frequent a pub in the town where I worked.

They would catcall and whistle after me; shouting out rude and crass comments as I walked past. That might appeal to some women but not me, I like my women to look and behave like women and I like them to have a bit more class.

Now I know that this is an illogical jump, but as I've already said my head was in a very strange place at the time and I decided that if I could make myself loathe all things lesbian, then surely I would be cured and my life would follow the traditional path of boyfriends, marriage, babies and hopefully ...... happy ever after?

Looking back now I realise just how screwed up I was for this to make an ounce of sense, however at the time I thought I had found the solution to my problem.

My plan involved visiting the pub where these extremely butch girls hung out and allowing myself to be picked up and subsequently fucked by one of them, with the expectation that I would find the whole experience so horrible that I would turn away from having sex with women thus curing me of my gayness.

I was nervous but determined, so I picked a night when I had no work the following day & dressed very femininely and provocatively in high heels, short black skirt (with a wide hem, the sort that looks like it could be blown up with the slightest wind) and a see through white blouse with black lacy half cup bra. I finished the outfit off with a black thong under my skirt so if it did 'flip up' my bum would be on show.

I controlled my nerves and walked into the dingy pub and straight up to the bar, ordering a vodka & coke for Dutch courage. I rarely drink alcohol but I needed something to bolster my actions and stop me fleeing back out of the door.

As I stood by the bar I noticed a group of extremely butch girls playing pool and it wasn't long before one of them noticed me and nudged her friend.

One came over to buy a drink and made a show of looking me up and down, saying 

'Very nice, little girl, you like girls like us?' and sort of nodded towards her friends. 

I just shrugged my shoulders and looked down at my drink; taking a hearty swallow as she walked back to her friends laughing.

The bar had loud music and a small dance floor and after about 10 minutes another girl walked over to me.

'Hey girl, would you like to dance?'

I just nodded and when she took my hand I followed her over to the dance floor, putting my drink onto a small table and asking 'will this be ok here?' the first words I had spoken.

We danced to whatever music came on and gradually I became surrounded by butch dykes, as those who weren't currently playing pool joined us on the dance floor. The group were getting very cheeky and naughty, fuelled by the copious pints of lager they were consuming and I felt quite uncomfortable but that's what I was there for right? I wanted to be revolted and cured, so I danced with them all.

After a while a pool game finished and 2 dykes from the dance floor replaced those playing. Only one of those who had been playing came to dance though, the other sat at the table next to my drink, watching me. The next time I returned to the table and finished my drink she caught my hand, asking 'can I get you another drink babe?'

' Yes, sure, vodka and coke please' as I smiled sweetly; this was probably only my second sentence of the night so far.

I was watching her at the bar as I danced and decided she was definitely the most attractive of the bunch. Even though they were all dressed so similarly it was almost a uniform, she wasn't as loud and brash as the others. I saw her return to the table with our drinks and went over to say thank you; after all, there's no excuse for bad manners is there, even when you are on some harebrained mission to get fucked by a bull dyke to cure yourself of lesbianism!

I sat with her and we chatted for a while and I discovered that she was much less aggressive than her friends and easy to talk to.

After a while the rest of the group gravitated back to the pool table, calling over every few minutes with comments like 'you ok there Danno, need any help?' and laughing like it was the best joke in the world.

'I'm Danny by the way' 

'I'm Cally.'

'Dance Cally?'

So once again I found myself on the dance floor and although her friends didn't join us they kept up a steady stream of commentary, with 'you've pulled there Danno' and the like.

She was a good dancer, much better than her mates, and eventually when the music slowed down she grabbed me and pulled me close and we smooched, her hands running up and down my back, getting lower on every pass until they settled on my bum.

The cat-calls and whistles increased at this point but Danny guided me into a corner away from their view and slipped a hand under my skirt, fondling my bum that was as good as naked with only a thong under my skirt.

I didn't react except to say 'thank you' which obviously puzzled her and prompted a response of 'what?'

'Thanks for not showing my bum to your mates.'

She studied my face for a while, obviously still a bit confused but then she seemed to reach a decision and asked if I'd like to go back to her place. 

Well, this was what I'd wanted right? I'd found my potential cure so no point in backing out now, so I agreed, we finished our drinks and left to the expected chorus from her mates.

Her flat was only a couple of hundred yards away from the pub and was a nicely done, spacious, 2 bedroom warehouse conversion with high ceilings.

As soon as we got inside the flat she moved in to kiss me and I responded, the effects of the 2 vodkas making life easier for me, but even so I was still thinking 'it will be over soon and I will be cured!'

She started to touch me, running her hands over my body, caressing my breasts and my near naked bottom as we kissed but I didn't reciprocate. I don't know if she didn't notice my lack of involvement or just didn't care, but soon enough she said ' bedroom Cally?', and when I just nodded she led me there by the hand.

She undressed me, her eyes roaming over my body as it was revealed, telling me she thought I was gorgeous and showering me with compliments. When I was completely naked I made no move to return the favour but moved to the bed and watched her as she undressed. Danny was about 5' 8" with a man's short, gelled, spiky haircut and she seemed self-conscious under my gaze as she stripped out of her T shirt and lumberjack shirt, revealing biggish boobs, probably 36C with pale pink nipples, which were hard and quite long, and a stomach that was a bit thick but in a mannish way.

Her jeans, work boots and men's boxers followed and it's funny how looking back I can still remember how her socks left little indentations above her ankles.

She looked like she weighed about 12stone which meant she dwarfed my 5' 3", 71/2 stone frame as she lay next to me on the bed.

She started to kiss me and touch me and despite my best intentions my body started to betray my plan, responding to her caresses.

Her hands slid lower down my body as we kissed and she started to finger me, slipping in and out of my traitorously wet pussy as I fought to deny my enjoyment under her hands, until the inevitable happened and I had no choice but to submit to an orgasm. My enjoyment and the resulting climax hadn't been part of the plan at all and actually surprised me but Danny wasn't finished yet.

She positioned herself between my thighs and I watched between my breasts as her talented tongue licked me to another climax that I couldn't have stopped no matter what.

By the time she had laid back down by my side, caressing and playing with my boobs (which I love) I was starting to realise that my plan wasn't working so well and maybe it hadn't been such a good idea (yeah, no shit Sherlock!). I was trying hard not to like what she was doing to me, and wasn't actively joining in at all but I couldn't deny or resist the pleasure she was giving me and she was far from finished yet.

Getting up from the bed she moved to a drawer and took out a strap-on and harness which she put on, me watching her, her glancing at me. I started to really look at her body for the first time and noticed her long, powerful legs, muscular bum and feminine curves.

As she came back to the bed she said 'I am going to fuck you now baby'.

I couldn't help thinking 'Mmmm, I've been fucked with a strap-on before and I enjoyed it' but then I started to compare the tall but lithe, slender and lightweight woman I'd been in this situation with a couple of times in the past with Danny's much bigger and heavier frame.

The dildo looked huge and I thought 'God, what have I let myself in for! This is going to be like being fucked by a man....' but again, that's what I wanted right? I wanted to be cured of lesbianism by being revolted, so on the assumption that I wouldn't enjoy it I decided my plan might be going to work after all! 

Settling at my side on the bed she started to caress my boobs again, something that's guaranteed to get my interest and then her fingers stroked their way down over my belly and brushed my pussy.

It felt so good I couldn't help but close my eyes as the waves of pleasure washed over me and I was startled when I felt her lips on mine; not because she was kissing me but because of how she was kissing me. Her kisses had been quite rough before but this was a gentle and tender kiss and as my legs parted of their own volition to allow her to slip first one and then a second finger into my already soaked pussy I thought 'Oh my god, she's not just fucking me, she's making love to me!' and I was soon bucking my hips against her hand, unable to remain passive any longer.

'Are you ready baby?' she whispered into my ear?

'Mmmm' was my only response, accompanied by a small nod.

She smothered the dildo with lube and gently moved on top of me between my open thighs, supporting her weight on her arms at either side of my head.

I could feel the dildo on my upper thigh, cold and wet with lube, until she moved a hand down to guide it gently until just the tip eased inside of me.

'Is that ok baby?' she asked, smiling as I once again nodded my ascent and as she lowered herself until her boobs were pressed against my own, I heard her moan as my arms went around her to hold her tightly.

There were a couple of false starts, the dildo popping out of my tight pussy and having to be guided back into position, but as she moved her hips I raised my legs to improve the angle and pulled her down onto me, feeling the dildo filling me.

'Thanks, babe, I think we got it this time'. I found myself moving against her as she bucked her hips against me, tightening my hold on her with my arms, moving against her as she fucked me.

I was no longer a passive observer in this encounter, I was responding energetically but even so, I hadn't entirely lost sight of my mission even though my perspective changed somewhat. Now I was thinking ''if it's like this with a man, it perhaps isn't too bad'.

She fucked me in this way for ages and while thoroughly enjoying myself I knew I wasn't going to cum; Danny however had other ideas and she gently raised her weight off me and blew cool air over my face and chest.

'Cool off baby, you're getting overheated.'

We were both sweating, hot and out of breath but she was caring and trying to look after me; this wasn't what I'd expected at all!

I suggested that we change position and she said 'ok, would you do doggy position? and then you can diddle your clit while I fuck you'. 

So we changed position and she came back into me from behind as I settled down with my left arm under my head so my right could reach down to my clit. 

She started to fuck me again, the dildo slipping into me easily now and I closed my eyes and began to rub my clit. 

The sensations inside were better than when I was on my back and with the addition of my own practiced hand on my clit I soon began to feel like I was going to cum.

'Yeah Danny, that's doing it for me now'. And after just a few more minutes I was coming loudly. 

She slowed down and gently took the dildo out of me and I turned and collapsed on the bed as she removed the harness, and then returned to the bed and lay on her back next to me.

Only now did we really start to talk and I asked her about her life, finding out that she was a delivery driver for a wholesale builders merchants. I was surprised that her hands were so soft and her nails were well cared for but she said she always wore gloves while working.

She had her arm around my neck and I snuggled into her so my head was on her shoulder and neck as we talked. 

She started to gently caress my neck and ear as we talked and it was nice and comforting and then something occurred to me. I had been so passive for most of our encounter, only actively participating in the final act; I had no idea whether she had achieved any kind of satisfaction.

I'm a giver by nature rather than a taker but as a mutually enjoyable sexual encounter had hardly been in my original game plan it hadn't even occurred to me!

I looked up at her and said 'Danny, did you cum?' 

She laughed as she and said 'no one's ever asked me that before'.

'Do you do this a lot?'

She was quiet and didn't respond, so I asked her again and finally I got an answer.

'I don't really. The guys at the pub and me generally boast about our conquests and how many girls we have bedded, but the reality is I don't get many, and I am not that experienced. You won't tell anyone else that will you?

There are a few girls who seem to like butches, and I guess we sort of pass them around.'

I assured her that not only would I not tell anyone else, but that none of her mates were going to be boasting about having me as a conquest.

As we talked it seemed to me that Danny was actually quite a lonely person who had been caught up in a scene that she didn't really fit into and either didn't know how to get out or was afraid to leave her gang of friends for fear of not fitting in elsewhere. 

She hadn't turned out to be the person I had expected and I actually felt quite sorry for her and maybe a little ashamed of how I had used her as my 'cure'.

As we chatted I started playing with her boobs, and then running my fingers over her tummy, feeling the layer of firm muscle caused by her manual job, just under the outer layer of fat. I caressed my way down until I could slip my fingers into her pussy hair.

'What you doing?' she asked, surprised.

'You didn't cum Danny.'

'I don't usually cum with girls I sleep with; it's all about me satisfying them.'

'Well, you will tonight.'

I continued to caress and tease her and she parted her legs slightly, allowing my fingers to find her wetness and slip inside as I kissed around her boobs before taking her nipples into my mouth and lavishing attention on them.

In no hurry, I kissed my way down from her chest to her rib cage and stomach, my fingers finding a steady rhythm as I did so, her fingers moving in my hair as I descended, not pushing me down or applying pressure, just keeping contact with me as I kissed her all over.

I looked up at her as I started to kiss and nibble at the insides of her thighs and her eyes were closed in pleasure and abandonment.
