 (How can something so cold and wet be so wonderful?)

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," the dark-haired young woman on the bed moaned. There was another touch and the moan became nearly a cry of passion. She twisted and squirmed wildly but the bonds holding her spread-eageled to the bed only stretched without giving way no matter how she struggled.

"My, such sounds. Do you want me to stop?' huskily questioned the older woman who knelt between her outstretched legs.

"Good God, NO!" the first woman managed to gasp.

"Good," whispered the second one. She lowered her head to a firm breast. A breast that was already shinning with the sheen of a fine coating of liquid. Her tongue flicked a nipple that jutted straight up in the air. A muffled sob answered her. The tongue retreated and full red lips closed over the nipple and then slid down, drinking that breast into a warm mouth.

"Oh God I can't believe what you are doing to me." When she heard those words the woman on top lifted her head and smiled wickedly at the speaker. Then she giggled.

"What do you mean Lee darling? Didn't I promise you something unforgettable for your passing the bar exam on your first try?"

"Yes you did Barb but I thought you meant something like dinner at a fancy restaurant or perhaps a new briefcase ala 'Working Girl'."

"So you're disappointed then?" Barbara Clausen sat back on her heels, a mock look of dismay on her face. "We should quit this and get dressed and go to Jason's place for the night?"

"Don't... you... DARE," answered Lee Waters to her lover, life-partner and soon to be law partner. "Just because this is totally unexpected as well as totally NOT something I would have expected you to come up doesn't mean it's not one of the most thrilling things I have ever had happen to me." The young attorney cocked her head sideways and looked at her lover. "In fact, how did you come up with this?"

"That would be telling," purred the brunette. "Maybe after we are done." She idly ran her hands along the long slender legs that formed the lower portion of the "X" her girlfriend formed. Fingers danced down over thighs and calves until they reached the other woman's ankles. Nylon stockings were looped around those ankles and led to the bottom bedposts. Another pair of stockings ran from Lee's wrists to the headboard posts.

Lee wiggled on the bed, pulling lightly on the nylons. "What?" she teased. "Afraid I'll get away?"

Barb pretended to leer evilly at her lover. "You're MINE Lee Ann Waters! And your little dog too!"

"Oh NOOOOOO," squealed the younger woman. In truth the nylons only made her a prisoner because she wanted them to hold her. The loops around her wrists and ankles gave ample room for her to slip her hands and feet from them. She tugged on them again, reveling in her assumed helplessness.

Changing moods, Lee murmured in her most seductive voice. "Barbara?" When the older woman met her eyes she continued with a single word. "Please." The look on the younger woman's face was filled with desire and longing.

"Very well sweetheart," smiled Barb as she reached into a stainless steel bowl resting on the nightstand. There was a slight rattle before she leaned forward and touched the dripping ice cube to Lee's lips. The young woman licked it and shivered. 

Barb plucked the cube from her lover's lips and replaced it with her own. She slid the dripping piece of ice down over Lee's chin to the soft hollow of her throat. She circled there and then ran it down between the breasts that had already been treated to the experience. Goosebumps sprung up only to disappear as Barb followed the cold wet trail with her lips.

The older lawyer slid down between Lee's legs. She propped her head on one hand and grinned like a Cheshire cat as she began to circle the fast melting cube on the firm taut stomach, paying particular attention to the cute navel. She shook her head, letting her hair fall over the quivering belly as Lee moaned deeply and tugged harder on the nylons.

The last of the ice cube melted onto Lee's tummy. The cold water made her shiver even as Barb's tongue warmed her as it swirled over her skin. The older woman found the tiny pool in her girlfriend's navel and lapped it up before she sat up again. This time she took two cubes from the bowl, holding them up before Lee's eyes and smiling.

Lightly, so lightly that half the time Lee thought she was imagining the cold touch, Barb caressed the inside of both thighs with her fingers. Lee was so aroused, so hot that she couldn't believe that the ice wasn't being vaporized at the first touch against her skin. But it wasn't. Two chilling trails danced down her thighs and disappeared under her to circle the soft secret places behind her knees. Lee's toes actually curled in excitement and anticipation and the slickened cold touch followed the curve of her thighs.

Then Barb was rubbing the ice against the bottom of her feet and over her toes. Lee tried vainly to stifle a cry as she bucked wildly against the nylons and found herself having an orgasm without being touched anywhere else.

"THAT'S what I wanted," whispered the senior attorney. "Poor cold toes," she noted. "We should do something about them." Following her words Barb crouched between the outstretched feet and ran her tongue over the still curled toes of Lee's right foot. Quick feather kisses followed before one by one all five now wiggling toes were drawn into Barb's eager mouth and sucked. Lee could feel the other woman's tongue part her toes, taking away the last of the cold there. A quick shift and the same actions repeated on the dark-haired girl's left foot.

"Barbara, Oh my GOD Barbara." Lee's head rolled loosely on her shoulders, her eyes losing their focus as the spasms continued to run wildly through her body. Never in her twenty-five years had she ever felt anything like this. Barb finally stopped her teasing torment and once more knelt between Lee's legs, smiling as she gently stroked her lover's legs.

"My goodness lover, I think you really enjoyed that. Look how wet you are, even where, perhaps especially where, I haven't even touched you. Yet."

Lee had sunk back against the mattress as the wave of her orgasm subsided. She looked down at her lover.

"Yet?" she whispered.

"Yet." Barb replied firmly. "An omision that I plan to fix right now." Barb plucked one more ice cube from the bowl. This time though, instead of holding it in her hand, she opened her mouth and closed her teeth on the ice. She shivered and her own dark brown nipples stood out from her heavy breasts just as her lover's pink ones were still doing. Then Barb bent forward and touched the cube to Lee's already soaking pussy, pressing it right between the already swollen lips. 

Lee thought she had been unbelievably stimulated before but the very first touch of the cold cube between Barb's lips brought her arousal to a degree she had never felt. Then Barb pushed a bit harder and the dripping ice slid between her labia. The other woman began to bob her head, moving the melting cube up and down along the open slit, mimicking the motions that she often used with her tongue.

The young black-haired girl tensed as the strokes grew longer for she knew exactly where Barb's movements would reach in just a few seconds. Then the remnants of the cube touched her clit and Lee completely lost control. Her hips came completely off the bed as she flailed wildly. Barb dropped the last sliver of ice from her teeth, wrapped her arms around Lee and hung on for dear life; even as she locked her open mouth against her lover's pussy.

Finally Lee's body started to relax. She slipped her hands and feet from the nylon loops as Barb crawled up her body. The two women snuggled together, with Lee still attempting to get her breathing back under control. When that finally happened and her pulse returned to near normal she lifted her head from where it rested on Barb's shoulder and kissed her girlfriend. She tasted herself on Barb's lips.

"Okay you," Lee demanded. "Where DID you come up with this idea?"

Barb giggled. "Remember that book we glanced at when we went by the bookstore two weeks ago?"

"Which book?"

"The one with the Black and White photos of women making love."

"Oh, THAT one."

"Yes. Well, one of the pictures showed a woman running an ice cube over another woman's breast." Barb blushed. "The next day when you were out delivering documents and at the courthouse I experimented. It was so cold, but it was such a turn on. I knew you'd love it."

Lee reflected. "Hmmm, that's a pretty sexy image you know. I can see you, leaning back in that big leather chair of yours with your blouse open, your bra pulled down and the cube in your hands. Your eyes are closed and there is the naughtiest smile on your face."

"A pretty accurate description darling. You know me so well."

Lee rolled sideways until her body covered her lover's. "I know you well enough to imagine that I am going to enjoy my turn at this as much as you did."

The older woman never spoke a word. But she stretched out and slid her feet and hands through the nylon stockings that will still tied to the bed posts of the duo's bed as Lee sat up and reached for the bowl.

(The End)