 "May I help you?"

My heart stops, my spine tingles and my body courses with heat at the sound of her voice. I slowly look up - into the eyes of the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I open my mouth to speak but couldn't. Understanding lights her eyes and she smiles. Her smile is angelic and the understanding in her eyes is replaced with pure hypnotic and devilish mischief. She takes my breath away. Long, thick, silky soft, blonde hair; incredible deep blue-green eyes; full, luscious lips. Her body is hidden behind the counter and her over-sized white lab coat but it doesn't matter. I knew she was special - the one I had hoped would come along for a very, very, very long time. I didn't know, however, that she would ease my aching desires so quickly nor introduce me to such delicious pleasures.

"You must be Melanie, our 4:30 appointment. I'm Emma, Dr. Angie Lockheart's assistant. Please, come with me and I'll get you started."

She comes out from behind the counter, places her hand lightly on my shoulder and guides me forward. I tremble at her touch, I burn where she touches. I am still unable to speak, just nod and let her lead me. I would have followed her anywhere and she knew it. She leads me down a long hallway; through the last door into a room that is like nothing I have ever seen in a doctor's office before. The lighting is dim, the smell of musk and vanilla fill my senses, and the exam table is as big as a queen-sized bed - no paper sheets but deep purple, satin sheets and pillows. I turn to face Emma. She has been right behind me and places a finger on my lips.

"Dr. Lockheart or Angie, as she'll want you to call her, and I am here to take care of you. There's nothing to worry about nor be afraid of. We're very experienced, committed and love this part of our job. All we ask for is your trust and we guarantee the ease of your ache. No words need to be spoken, just nod your head if you are prepared to place yourself in our care."

I begin nodding my head before she finishes speaking. She looks deep into my eyes and nods her own head. She keeps her eyes on mine and begins to slowly, lightly, softly trace my lips with her finger. She leans forward and kisses me...a butterfly kiss...looks up into my eyes again and with a slight giggle, leans in and begins to trace my lips with her tongue. I am mesmerized, can think of nothing but her lips and tongue and what they were doing to me and what they would do to me. Suddenly, her lips are gone from mine as she steps back a bit. She removes the band holding her hair back...runs her fingers through her hair. She unbuttons then removes her lab coat. I gasp in surprise and pure pleasure at her total nakedness. She is a Goddess. She is perfect. She is pure woman through and through. I want to touch her but am afraid. Would she disappear and I wake up to find this had all been a dream? She steps closer and reaches for my hand...molds my hand to her breast...presses her breast into my hand. I moan. It is incredible.

Emma kisses me then moves behind me...nuzzles my neck through my hair...reaches around, pulls my blouse from my jeans, unbuttons my blouse then removes it, unzips my jeans and slide them down and over my shoes. I stand in front of her dressed in nothing but my bra, panties and heels. She reaches out and through my lacey bra, lightly flicks my very erect nipple with her nail...pulls me close to her, body to body and devours my mouth with her lips and tongue...her bare crotch grinds into my panty covered crotch...she reaches around me and unhooks my bra, lets it fall to the floor...bends down, flicks, tongues, licks, suck my nipples...runs her hands down my hips as she kneels on the floor...pushes her face into my crotch...licks my pussy through my panties...finds my clit and presses it hard with her tongue...her fingers cupping then caressing my pussy.

I explode with an orgasm so powerful and intense and wonderful and damn near pass out. I am weak and trembling and start to cry. Emma stands up and embraces me, holds me, soothing me then guides me over to the 'exam table' and lays me down. She joins me and gathers me once again into her arms, stroking and kissing my hair and lets me absorb what had just happened.

My heart rate returns to normal, the trembling subsides and my breath returns. I feel capable of speaking and open my mouth to do so. Emma stops me by drawing my face down to her breast and putting her nipple into my mouth. I gladly give in to her wishes and taste, for the first time, a woman's nipple and breast. I lick and mouth and suck her as she had done me. How had I lived so long without knowing this yummy pleasure?

Emma purrs as I make love to her breasts. She begins to pump her hips against my waist, slowly at first then faster and faster...harder and harder. She pulls me up, turns me over and stretches her body on top of mine. She grinds her crotch into mine. Faster and faster...harder and harder. We kiss...she nibbles at my neck...she sucks my tongue into her mouth...suddenly, she raises up on her knees, grabs my panties with her fist and rips them off...doves head first into my crotch and laps at my soaking wet pussy with her tongue...she opens my pussy lips with her fingers...she blows on my clit...kisses my clit...licks my clit...sucks on my clit...sticks one, two, three fingers inside my pussy. Suddenly, I feel hands on my breasts and look up to see another naked, drop-dead beautiful woman smiling down at me.

"Hello, Melanie. I'm Angie and I'm here to help Emma take care of you."

She straddles my head and pushes her pussy into my face. I go wild. I lick and suck and gobble her pussy. I buck into Emma as she licks and sucks and gobbles and fingers my clit and pussy. Angie sticks a finger in her mouth then reaches under me and sticks her wet finger in my ass. This time I do pass out from the unbelievable intensity of my orgasm.

When I come to, I'm lying in between Emma and Angie. Emma is bathing my face with a cool, wet cloth and Angie is murmuring soothing, sweet nothings to me. I think I died and went to heaven. I try to speak but can't so I just smile at both of them and they smile back. I think my healing session is complete but I am wrong...very, very wrong.

As if one, Emma and Angie both get up and turn to each other. They kiss. They turn to me and both hold out a hand to me. I take a hand in each of mine and they pull me into their embrace. We sway together for a short time then Emma leads me over to a recliner type chair and gently pushes me down into it. The chair has stirrups instead of a footrest. The pockets on the side of the chair are filled with toys - some battery operated, some not - but all very interesting. While I check out the toys, Emma and Angie return to the 'exam table' and are lying at opposite ends of each other. Emma is stroking Angie's pussy and Angie is stroking Emma's pussy. They are both watching me. I can do nothing but stare at them and appreciate their perfection. They smile at me then at each other.

Angie straddles Emma and they began licking and tasting and sucking each other's pussy. What a beautiful, awesome, delicious, wonderful sight to see. Once more, I was spellbound. I feet my pussy getting warm and wet. Without really noticing, I push the recliner back, put my legs in the stirrups and began to lightly rub my clit. My eyes begin to close as my desire mounts. Suddenly, just as before, I feet hands on my breasts. I open my eyes to find yet another Goddess of a woman leaning over me and smiling.

"Hello, Melanie. I'm Olivia and I'm here to help Emma and Angie take care of you."

She then took my nipple into her mouth. I knew then and there that I had died and gone to heaven. I was being licked and sucked by a beauty and enjoying the sight of two beauties licking and sucking each other. Yes, I had most definitely died and gone to heaven.

Olivia leaves my breasts, comes around to the front of me and bends over to kiss me on the forehead. Her breasts are level with my mouth so I lightly grab her nipple with my teeth and begin to tongue then lick then suck it. She pushes her breasts hard into my face for just a moment then kneels down...spreads my legs apart...lightly grabs my clit with her teeth...she licks...she sucks...she nibbles...she strokes her clit.

Emma and Angie are watching Olivia and me. They are fingering each other as Olivia continues to ravage my pussy. Emma gets up, walks over to the chair and reaches into one of the pockets. She pulls out several toys: a double dildo, a clit vibrator, an ass plug and a strap-on. She returns to Angie, flips her over, grabs her hips, pulls her up until her ass is in the air, spreads her ass cheeks and begins to lick her ass hole. Angie reaches for the clit vibrator, turns it on then turns it on herself...Emma, still licking Angie's ass hole, begins fingering herself.

I had to do more than just receive and watch. Olivia feels the same. She gets to her feet, grabs me by the arm and we join Emma and Angie. Olivia lays down in front of Angie...spreads her legs...pushes her pussy against Angie's face...Angie licks and sucks Olivia's pussy. They are all moaning and groaning and I must join them. I kneel behind Emma...spread her ass cheeks...begin licking her ass hole...her pussy...her ass hole...rubbing my clit...I grab the ass plug and ease it into Emma's ass hole.

The groaning and moaning by all of us are getting louder and louder. I believe the end of our daisy chain was near but I am wrong...again. Emma moves away from me and stands up. Angie turns over then continues to eat Olivia's pussy...Olivia grabs the clit vibrator and uses it on herself...Emma lays down with her pussy close to Angie's pussy, grabs the double dildo, sticks one end into Angie's pussy and one into her pussy. Emma pulls me closer to her...bends my face to her breasts...spreads my legs so I am straddling her face...licks and sucks my clit and pussy. I suddenly feel my ass cheeks being spread apart. I turn to find yet another Goddess kneeling behind me.

"Hello, Melanie. I'm Isabelle and I'm here to help Emma, Angie and Olivia take care of you."

Isabelle spreads my ass cheeks farther apart...licks my ass hole...Emma licks and sucks my pussy...Emma and Angie fuck each other with the double dildo...Angie licks and sucks Olivia's pussy...Isabelle replaces her tongue in my ass with the ass plug...in and out...in and out...Emma still at my pussy...Isabelle leans over...grabs the strap on...puts in on...removes the ass plug from my ass...rubs my ass hole with the tip of her 'cock'...rubs and rubs and rubs...gently, slowly, bit by bit, inserting her 'cock' into my ass hole...in and out...in and out...all the way in...all the way out...Isabelle fucks my ass hole...Emma eats my pussy...I lick and suck Emma's breasts...Emma and Angie fuck each other...Angie eats Olivia's pussy...Olivia vibrates her own clit.

Our orgasms were incredible and loud and explosive and never, ever to be forgotten. I am glad to say that my ache has been cured but now I suffer from addiction to Emma, Angie, Olivia and Isabelle!!