 "Want to meet a friend of mine?"

"Pardon?" I laughed nervously, "a 'friend?' " I sat up quickly, closed my legs and criss crossed my arms around my knees.

"Yes." he replied.

"What makes you think I'd want," I stared at him intensely.

"Well," he replied blandly, "let's see, how did you phrase it, it, '... depends on me!' " 

His expression became playful. 

"Exactly." 

"Ok," he watched as I reached to my dress, "it could be more fun right?"

"Well," I scooted to the side of the table. I held my hand out for his assistance, "that could get, intense, you know."

"That's more dependent upon you than me," He held my hand like a proper gentleman, (in spite of the fact that he had just suggested some sort of group scene,) "believe me Denise, nothing happens without your, 'yes.' I promise to protect you."

"No doubt," I hopped the short distance to the floor, "but getting to a, 'no,' can quickly turn into a very dangerous proposition for someone of my size compared to you multiplied by 2."

I wrapped the dress around my naked body.

"It's entirely up to you." he interrupted.

I walked to the table and turned, " ... and all that testosterone, with a capital T." I needed to quench my thirst. 

I continued, "Let's be realistic here, you walk into a room with me on your arm and there's another man sitting there who has undoubtedly been shot down,"

"Oops," he interrupted me again, "I'd better clear something up ..."

" ... uh watching porn," (I thought about the stupidity of using alcohol to quench thirst.) 

"Yes I think clarity would be good." I sipped a tiny bit of the leftover brew, "You gonna sit or what?"

"Oh," he pulled his chair back to the table, "I guess." then continued, "You're assuming,"

"Hah!" I laughed out loud interrupting him, "You just heard me begging for it on a pool table in my sister's bar. Then you proposition me with, whatever, and I'm assuming?" I picked up one of the leftover drinks removed the straw and downed it.

"Good point," he said, "unless you consider how, 'Dora,' would change your carefully crafted equation." 

"Dora?" I said and halted the drama, "Damn I'm thirsty." 

I looked at the half empty watery contents of the drinks on the table, then saw the drink machine, "Yup,that'll do." I stood and reached for my purse.

"Yes." he said.

"I've never been with a woman ..." I fumbled the quarters dropping one on the floor. I stooped and picked it up, "Dora, and you?"

He shrugged his shoulders.

"Look at that!" I placed the bottle of grapefruit juice on the table, "$2.50 for that! I could've bought two or three grapefruits. She isn't one of those heifer housewives is she?"

"Puhleez," he said, "in fact she's quite remarkable being over 40. A take charge woman too." he continued, "5' 9", very long auburn hair, brown eyes, ( I do mean brown, not dark brown,)"

"Right, got it, brown." I replied distractedly gesturing him to continue.

" ... skin tone, dark uh, reddish."

"Suited to an auburn haired woman." I said. "Ok, so she's relatively, 'hot,' in a Julianne Moore type of way, uh well, taller ... did I mention that I've never been with a woman?"

"You've wanted to haven't you?" he replied kindly.

"Certainly. There's this one girl when I was, uh, but this is, 'real.' "

"She must've been real too." he continued, "If you did or did not has nothing to do with what you can do now. Believe me Dora knows how."

"What I can do now is walk away!" I stood after the verbalization of my thought and mumbled the rest of it, "Male and female ain't doin too good," (I was thinking of all the 'Alvin's') "except for you of course." 

I sat, "How do these little, 'tete a tete,' uh, what happens?"

"Well, Dora analyzes, correlates and," he took my hand, "should I just be blunt?"

"Works for me, remember?" I said just as bluntly moving my other hand encouraging him to continue.

"If she wants you, she will invite you , but she will 'interview,' you first." he said and emphasized the significance of that word.

"Hmm." I sat thinking for a few minutes. "Interview hunh?"

He waved his hand in front of my face as I stared through him.

"Let's go." I stood and offered him my hand as if he should lead the way.

"Whoa Denise," he stopped me, "all you did was put on your dress, are you sure?" He referred to my camisole, bra and panties. "Uh, you are a bit exposed, your sister?"

"I don't know, 'how,' the relationship between me and my sister touches upon my free choice to dress as I please." I replied tersely. "I'm dressed." 

"Those are hers anyway." I continued, "Saturday night, this place is a strip joint. Do you have to call her?"

"Uh, no." he stood and took my hand, "I need to settle up with your sister though." then glanced around the area his eyes encompassing my castaway panties and bra, "Uh ..."

"I have to settle up with someone too." I said as we walked back into the bar room. 

"There he is." "Go ahead." I continued, "Tip her extra she'll be ok with it." 

I walked up to my, soon to be, 'ex,' "Alll vinnn." 

I pulled up a chair, "Excuse me everyone." I sat and scooted close to him. I crossed my right leg over my left knee.

"I want every thing of your's out of my apartment when I come home." The fold of my dress had draped to the side of my leg and exposed my bare leg. I sat back and placed my right ankle on my left knee. 

I pulled back the skirt and showed him my fresh fucked pussy, "Or I swear to God I will burn it!"

"Oh!" I turned and saw Gerome walking over to us. I uncrossed my legs and placed the flap of my skirt where it belonged, "Are we ready Gerome?" I stood.

"Trust me!" I turned to Alvin, "I will do it! 

We walked out. 

"You flashed him." he laughed as if not quite sure he should be.

"Damn right I did." I laughed along with him. I wondered what Alvin would think if he saw me later.

"Well," he said leading me down the hallway to the rooms, "we don't have to go far, but it's easy to get lost."

"Don't worry I know my way."

"Oh." he stopped his thought.

"Off limits." I replied smiling at him as we walked.

"Ok." he said. We stopped at a door and he knocked twice.

The door opened. A woman was standing there in a light coral lingerie gown that needed no ambient light to reveal what she wished to reveal.

"Oh," She seemed surprised, " ... Gerome," then excited, "that pretty maid I told you about." She extended her hand to me. "Thank you." she nodded at him. 

"How are you dear?" she gently led me into her room.

"Uh, yeah, doing well," I replied, " ... I'm uh, part-time uh, here." I was having definite articulation problems after I noticed her copper eyes.

"Sweetie, now don't let that, worry you." she patted my hand, "I'll not tell. Let's sit."

We sat on the couch. She sat so close to me that I was squished against the arm rest of the couch.

"You may leave Jerome." she said. 

She turned and placed her elbow on the top of the couch beside my head to brace herself, "What's your name dear?" 

She looked me over as I retreated and scrunched myself into the corner of the couch. "Oh," she scooted over a little on the couch, " ... you poor thing, get comfortable."

"Oh, thank you." I said and moved so I could sit comfortably, (but still a bit cramped,) "I'm Denise."

"Oh, Daddy wanted a boy," she sing songed the words and laughed, "Denise is a lovely name my dear."

"By the way," she traced the tip of her finger on my bare knee, "if you would like to drape those lovely legs over my lap it wouldn't bother me a bit." 

"Oh," I answered with a blush, " ... well," I moved to the side against the arm rest again.

"Of course, I could back off though. I've been accused of scaring young things like you." her finger traced upwards further under my skirt.

"That's up to you of course." her eyes rested on mine after her fingernails had gently scraped a trail along my inner thigh. She moved her fingertips to my mouth and traced my lower lip, "Isn't it."

"Uh," It was time to be that 'take charge,' girl, " ... he really didn't have to argue too hard to get me here." I settled comfortably where I was, "It's just that I've never been with a woman."

"Well then, 'It's just that ...' " she mimicked my words, "I'm the woman for you. That is a lovely dress dear."

"Oh," I muttered, "it cost ... uh,"

"It is such a statement," she continued talking over my words and tracing her fingernail down the fabric to my waist, "especially when you are naked under it."

She inserted her fingertip under the fold, "Where is it? Oh, there it is." and unbuttoned it.

She opened it, "So, should I back off Denise?"

"No," I said, turned and looked at her, "I'm content to let experience lead the way." then moved a half circle to the right so I was braced by the armrest.

I lifted my legs to drape them on her lap. She remained seated as she was which forced my legs open obscenely wide, my bottom being unable to slide.

"Mmmm," she said dreamily, "so presentable." then laughed slightly, "but it looks like you fell on your butt." 

"Would you please let me see if it's ok?" she moved her hand indicating that I should turn over and show her.

"My butt?" 

"Show me your ass dear!" she said.

"This way?" I began turning to the right. 

She unwrapped the dress from my body as I turned, "Perfect." She said, "now, continue." and gestured that I should continue.

She stopped me when I was at her shoulder, (readied to sit again,) "Very good dear. You have a nice butt." 

"Oh," I blushed, "uh thank you D ..."

"Ma'am." she said. "Undress me please." 

I moved into a kneeling position on the couch. "Yes Ma'am."

"No Dear, kneel in front of me." 

I moved and knelt in front of her. 

She pointed her finger to above her breast, "Remove it from here, slowly please. You know how to do this don't you?" she took my hand and moved the fingertips under the strap. 

She let me finish the action.

"Very good dear," she cooed, "thank you for helping my arm through the strap, next time touch me."

I moved to her other shoulder and helped in like manner then moved my hand to her breast caressing it.

"Finish." she said.

I leaned back slightly. I eased the slip slowly down her body. It passed smoothly under her.

"I hope you don't get a fit of the giggles." she sighed. Her body was so frankly revealed to me, "It is better for the mature and less mature to be together in honest adoration don't you agree?"

"I've, 'never,' been with a woman ..." I murmured and stood.

"Remain as you were!" she indicated that I should kneel. "I asked you a question young lady." she said peremptorily.

"Oh, uh yes ... uh Ma'am." I muttered.

"Very good."

"Please show me how." I spoke barely above a whisper.

"To, 'what,' Denise?" she asked and reached for my hand to place my fingertips directly between her legs. She pressed them against her mound. "Answer me girl."

"Show me how, to seduce a woman like me." I replied then brought my fingertips up to my lips, "Oops, I meant ..."

"My goodness girl! You meant that!" she sat.

"Then, you should know," she continued, "this lesson will not have you objectively studying, do you understand?" 

She indicated that I should sit on the floor in front of her, and took my hand back to her mound, "You will blissfully experience what is not going to be anything less then, very real." 

"I am not a book. Look at me Denise."

"Yes Ma'am." I looked up at her.

"I'm 44 years old." she said, "When I decided that men were here for only one thing, to relieve the motherhood itch, I decided," she moved my fingertips on her so I could feel her wet, "there are a lot of straight girls."

"Do you know how many straight girls I've had?"

"Well, no." I shook my head side to side.

"Well sweetie," she interrupted me, "that is just the thing, if I tell you about, Abbie, oh yes Bethany and Cassandra," she reached her hand to my cheek, "by the time I get to Melinda you will be sleeping." and laughed.

"You don't want a boring old lecture do you?"

"No I don't Dora." I was looking up at her and reached for her hand to place it on my head, "Teach me."

"Denise," she said moving her hand away, "we're way, less than a quarter of the way to that point. Let's go to my room." She took my hand and helped me stand.

She walked me away from the couch to a door. She opened it.

I turned back towards the couch, "Our ...?" 

She placed her fingertips on my lips and continued my words, " ... cast away clothes, 'tells', everyone, we are naked and alone and wish to be left that way!"

She led me through the door and turned immediately as I closed it behind us, "Do you understand?"

She inhaled deeply and nodded. "Goodness Denise I can smell you." She pushed me against the door.

"If I shoved two of these fingers in you," she lifted her hand up showing the middle finger and the ring finger together, " ... I bet you'd orgasm."

She tapped her foot against my ankle indicating that I should move my leg, "Open dear." 

She whispered her thanks while her fingertips were finding me, moving on me, preparing me. I closed my eyes waiting.

Her fingers slid into me all the way.

My moan echoed against the walls.

"Wouldn't you dear?" Her words were phrased as a statement as her knuckle pressed against my pussy.

I was having another orgasm. 

"Being with me means there will be many more," she said then whispered other inciting phrases.

Her words became her as she moved her fingers in me taking all the orgasm I had to give and making it hers. 

My body experienced the chaotic spasms of my muscles. I stood on my tiptoes, my hands attempted to dig my fingernails into the door, so I could be closer to her. I was moaning loudly while the current of lust was passing through me. Her blurry incoherent words became sensible after my orgasm crested. 

She was still whispering, " ... making every one of her orgasms, given by me, and therefore mine."

"Yes Dora." I mumbled with halted breath after, 'sense,' reminded me to answer her. 

"Hmm. I will allow that for now." She said and stepped closer to me. Her body's softness rubbed against mine, which still was flush against the wall. "You don't know the proper protocol and obviously you have forgotten how to answer me, haven't you dear?" 

"I'm sorry ma'am." I replied mesmerized by her copper eyes which seemed to radiate.

"You will learn." she said leaning to me and kissing me.

I sealed my lips on hers and breathed in her breath holding it.

She stepped back and gazed at me. She reached her hand to my breast and caressed it softly.

"You are exposed to me Denise." she gently pinched my nipple. "I can see your shame in your eyes as you stand before me naked and exposed."

I stood there looking at her. Her breath's nitrogen having dissipated inside me made me hold on to her arm steadying myself. I could see the want in her eyes. My need, lust, and body was totally exposed to her.

"You are perfect." she leaned in and kissed my neck. Her hand palmed my breast squeezing, feeling it, weighing it almost as if assessing.

I moaned as I moved my head back exposing my neck. I was not recognizing anything but a desire to let her kiss as she wished.

She gently nibbled at my exposed neck, then lightly bit me.

My fingers tapping on her back begged for her body to be closer to me. I wanted her soft demanding essence to envelope my exposed body while I felt the tingle of her bite on my neck. I groaned aloud.

"Yes Denise, let me know you are mine." she pressed against me again. 

I could feel the heat of her lust trapped between us igniting my desire again for her.

She began kissing and licking, her tongue was flattened on my skin leaving a very wet trail on my neck and shoulders. She licked my nipple and made it very wet. As she kissed her way down I could feel the contrasts between my heated skin, her warm saliva and the cool of the room, highlighting the trail. I put my hands in her hair holding her very loosely. I had no intention of even wanting to direct her. 

I wanted her to continue.

She sucked my nipple softly, her tongue tasted my nipple then she bit me lightly. 

I cried out loudly and clutched her head. I could feel her face caressing my breast. She broke the kiss and palmed my breast. Her palm soothed the nipple to the sound of my pleasured moans She knelt.

"Look at me Denise." she said looking up at me.

My legs were very rubbery as I looked down. 

She was kneeling in front of my mound. "Part of your initiation is learning how to eat properly Denise." she smiled. 

Her smile become a disappointed one. "I can't teach you though," she pressed her fingertips snug against my clitoris, " ... a proper Mistress would never eat a man's cum from a Submissive's pussy."

She began moving her fingertips rapidly on my pussy while one finger stayed pressed upon my 

clitoris. "I assure you my tongue feels nicer than those fingers."

"I want you to cum again Denise," her fingers were moving rapidly one entering me, another entering, one leaving to be joined by another. Her fingers were all over my pussy. One on my clitoris; remaining there as her fingers created the chaos that was moving my hips wherever she directed them. "Cum now Denise."

I groaned aloud again as I slid down the wall. One of her hands helped guide me to the seated position in front of her as my body almost went numb from the pleasures flowing through every part of me.

I was gasping for air as I opened my eyes to see her in front of me on her knees. 

"You Denise, are delightful!" she leaned close to me brushing the hair from my face while looking at me, "I am going to love training you." She leaned in kissed my cheek and whispered, "Are you ok?"

"Yes Ma'am." I nodded. 

"Are you ready to please me?" she stood holding her hand out to me.

"I don't think I know how ... ma'am." I stood with her help.

"Oh. You will Denise." she nodded her head, "In spite of your ignorance.

She led me to her bed, "I don't think though," She sat patting the spot beside her, " ... that you know any, thing about pleasing another woman. Do you?"

"You can teach me," I turned and looked at her, "show me?"

"If I do that," she tapped her fingertip on my cheek, "you have admitted you intend to go out on your own and try to be me, haven't you?"

"Uh," I stammered seeing myself doing exactly that, "it's what I want."

"Thank you for your honesty." she said and continued, "Nonetheless there are, 'turf,' issues here sweetie."

"Turf?"

"Yes." she said, "I might move here and here you are going through all my prospects." 

"I don't want your turf Dora," I said, "I want my own."

"Well, that's my point Denise." she pushed me down onto the bed. "You think you have. 'turf,' here."

She sat on the top of my thighs her pussy flat against mine. She began moving her pussy forward and back in tiny motions rubbing on mine, "When in fact, you have none." 

She took my hand and placed it on her breast, "Unless of course, I give it to you. Please caress my breast Denise."

I began moving my fingertips on her breast, while my thumb pressed lightly caressing it. This was the first time I had ever touched another woman's breast. I loved how it felt, so pliable, wonderfully soft, able to fulfill, quench and satiate. I was mesmerized seeing the flesh that wasn't covered lightly bulging revealing her fecundity.

"Mmmm, very good Denise." she said while moving her self forward and back on my body, (with every cycle of movement inching her 'self,' upwards on my body,) "Just a bit rough though dear." 

She covered my hand with hers, "Let me show you how your palm can caress me." then moved my hand to the other breast my palm directly over her nipple.

"Now," she quietly said, "the tips of your fingers and the tip of your thumb. They," she breathed in deeply. " ... mmmm, my goodness you are a quick study Denise." She pressed her pussy flush to my body. 
