 At the urging of a few readers who enjoyed, "The Dark Side of Flavia", I wrote this follow up story. "Dark Side" and "Dark Revenge" are stories in a parallel world with "There She Is Again". Sometimes the stories cross paths making some additional fun for those who have read them all. Unlike other follow up stories, this one may leave you with a couple of questions if you read it without having read "Dark Side" but you'll certainly still get the story.

Please let me know what you think! I'm considering a third and final story to wrap it all up.



DAWN

Sandy bounded out of the condo, fraught with mixed feelings of disgust and amusement. Moments earlier she had been introduced to 'the old guy' her mom was dating before they headed out to a faculty dinner at the local university. Talk about awkward. Just the thought seemed to annoy her. 'Not sure if I'm ready for all this; mom dating again', she thought as she darted down the sidewalk. 

She glanced back as her mom called out something about curfew. She could see the shadow of her mom's 'date' behind her; filling her with more angst. 'How could mom do this? Dad's hasn't been gone all that long.' She justified her frustration with the date, even knowing that her dad had died over two years ago. But it still didn't sit right with her.

Sandy dodged a youngster on a bicycle with a surprisingly graceful hopscotch move as she crossed the street heading for Flavia's place. The row of traditional homes across the street was a reminder of the progress their community had experience so quickly. Older homes on large lots with old, wooden garages out back lined one side of the street. The other side of the street was lined with fairly new condo style townhouses. Sandy and her mother had moved into one following her dad's passing. 

She leaped up the steps to Flavia's home, taking three steps at a time. Evening was approaching and the girls were planning on going out tonight. Maria had arrived earlier but they patiently waited so that Sandy could meet the guy her mom was seeing.

Sandy walked right in as if she was at home. In many ways she was. She and Flavia had been friends for years. They had shared childhood 'play dates' on this very porch. Now they shared just about everything. Although the past year had been rough for Flavia, their friendship had become a source of strength during the emotional trials.

"God, this is sick." Flavia yelled out to Sandy as Sandy climbed the steps to the second floor. Grabbing the banister to aid her Sandy continued her speedy pace up the steps and down the short hall leading to Flavia's bedroom. She found Flavia and Maria laying flat on the bed that was next to the front window. Window binds were pulled apart as they peered out across the street at Sandy's condo.

"It's cute," Maria whimsically mused, "He's opening the door for your mom."

"Cute? God, it's sickening. They're acting like kids." Flavia mocked.

Sandy threw herself on the bed between Flavia and Maria, all but landing on top of them both. She shoved her way to the center of the pulled blinds to look for herself.

"Damn, It's true!" Sandy muttered. 

"What?" Flavia replied, not turning away from the sight of Jill and her date as the car pulled out.

"She's into him." Sandy replied.

"It's just a date." Maria commented with exaggerated amusement.

"No, you didn't see the way she was primping. And she wore that dress that she likes to wear when she wants to be noticed." Sandy continued.

Maria slid out from under the part of Sandy's body that was on top of her and rolled over on her back. She threw an arm up under her head and grinned. "It's romantic; don't you think?"

"ROMANTIC?" Sandy all but shouted. "This could lead to stuff! Sick stuff. They could start dating seriously. She could fall for him. She could get married again. Then where would we be? I'd be moving or something."

"We're hardly here anymore anyway. What's it matter if they get married?" Maria asked.

"I don't know. It's all too fast." Flavia commented to no one in particular.

Sandy sat up cross-legged and grimaced. Flavia followed her and sat next to her, trying to comfort her friend. 

"Tell you what. If things go sour and your mom runs off with this guy, you can live here with me." Flavia gave her friend a hug.

Maria sat up quickly next to them. "Hey, wait a second. If anyone is moving in with you it's me." She demanded.

"That's not what I meant." Flavia quickly corrected. She reached over and took the back of Maria's head, drawing her in to kiss her. Maria responded with a grin and accepted Flavia's deep kiss.

"Oh, would you two love birds stop that!" Sandy barked. "I'm having a crisis."

Flavia and Maria released their kiss and grinned at each other. As if reading one another's mind, they both attacked Sandy at the same time. Flavia grabbed Sandy around the waist, whimsically groping at her breast while trying to kiss her. Maria pushed the pair backward onto the bed, throwing a leg over Sandy and began to mock hump her.

"Stop that," Sandy protested. "I'm the straight girl in the room." She failed to push them away until the pair began laughing uncontrollably.

"God, Sandy, I never realize how great your tits are." Flavia said as she took one good firm squeeze on Sandy's breast.

"Really?" Maria jokingly replied, grabbing Sandy's other breast.

"Okay, even the straight girl in the room likes a compliment." Sandy laughed, raising her chest to let the girls get their last squeeze in. 

Maria and Flavia groped a bit longer before Sandy spoke again. "But now, it's getting a bit weird." She started to stand as Flavia and Maria giggled.

"Why's it weird hon?" Flavia said through her laughing.

 "Cause it kinda felt good." Sandy said standing to her feet and arranging her clothes.

"She's got a cute ass too." Maria needled.

"Okay, that's sufficient. I thought we were going to the mall." Sandy said trying to turn the conversation.

 "Bet we could turn her." Flavia grinned speaking to Maria.

"You know, she'd be perfect for Renee." Maria pointed out.

"Ah, earth to lesbians. I'm straight. And I'm seeing someone." Sandy said in an exaggerated way.

"Just seeing. You've never even slept with this guy and he goes to a college six states away. Also let the record state that your only dates have been through skype." Flavia pointed out.

"It's four states and we plan on changing that when he gets home at the end of the semester. So I'm only six weeks away from no longer being a virgin." Sandy said, before realizing she had committed the felony of 'over sharing.'

"A what?" Maria said slightly under her breath.

Sandy's eyes widened as she realized that she had stated this fact out loud. It was bad enough that she was the youngest girl in the group of friends. Now she had let it out that she was also the least experienced. 

"So, you don't even know if you play for our team or Jason's team." Maria said with a malevolent grin.

"Oh, I know what team I'm on. If I was on your team I think I would have known that by now." Sandy retorted.

"Yeah, we've slept together dozens of times. But only slept." Flavia commented.

"Hey, you trying to make me jealous?" Maria said while contorting into a phony pout.

"Never hon." Flavia said, giving her another quick kiss.

"We heading out or do you two need a private moment?" Sandy said.



WTF TIMES TWO!

After an hour of shopping at the mall that was more window shopping than anything else, the girls were standing in separate lines of the food court. Sandy headed to the asian food stand while Flavia wanted pizza. Maria wandered off in search of Chick-fil-a. 

Sandy found a table first and caught Flavia's attention as she picked up her order. Throwing their plastic trays on the table Flavia remained standing, looking for Maria. But she was nowhere to be found.

"You seen Maria?" Flavia asked.

"Don't worry. She'll turn up." Sandy said taking a long slurp on her pop.

"Guess you're right." Flavia slid a bag over the post of her chair, hanging her single purchase of the night next to her before sliding down into her seat.

Unpacking her dinner from the cardboard boxes she continued glancing around. Her face lit up when she saw Maria heading their direction.

"See... you lesbians have some sorta built in radar to find each other." Sandy mocked.

Flavia quickly stuck her tongue out at Sandy in playful distain.

"Please, I already told you I'm straight. So stop offering." Sandy shot back.

"Where've you been?" Flavia asked as Maria arrived.

Maria set her tray down and slid her cell phone into the hip pocket of her tight jeans. "It was kinda cute. This guy was hitting on me in line." She said as she sat down and crossed her legs. "If I was into guys I'd be flattered. But he was kind of aggressive about it all." She continued.

Flavia slid her hand onto Maria's raised knee and whispered. "But you're taken, right?" 

"Absolutely, Babycakes." Maria grinned widely.

"You trying to make me jealous?" Flavia playfully asked.

"He wasn't my type even if I was into guys." Maria said.

"Better not be." Flavia whispered.

"You know you're the only one for me!" Maria smiled.

"Did you want to check out the sale at American Eagle or do I have to throw cold water on you to cool you two down?" Sandy asked.

The girls smiled and turned their attention to their food.



Sandy had just returned to the table after throwing her trash away when Maria rose up a bit and pointed. "There he is. That's the guy that was hitting on me."

Still standing, Sandy turned to see who she was pointing at.

"The guy in the red shirt and Steelers hat." Flavia directed.

A pale, flushed look spread quickly over Flavia. The joyful, carefree spirit she had experienced since meeting Maria seemed to be swept out of her soul like a mobile home next to a creek during a flood. You could almost hear the crunching sound of her gut clenching when she saw the person Maria was pointing at.

Sandy quickly moved next to Flavia and used her body to block Flavia's view of the guy. She slid her hand on Flavia's back and gently rubbed her shoulder. "You don't need to look." She whispered to Flavia.

"What the fuck?" Maria asked somewhat confused.

"That's Matt." Sandy grimaced. 

"Can we leave?" Flavia asked quietly.

"Sure Babycakes." Maria said as it dawned on her. This was the guy. They guy that had date raped Flavia, turning her life into a dark spiral.

Flavia got up and headed directly for the exit, leaving her tray and trash behind. The other girls grabbed their things and followed behind her. They acted as a human shield; making sure Matt couldn't even have the pleasure of seeing the young woman he had abused. 

The cool air of the parking lot fell on Flavia's flush face, causing a gentle shiver to spread across her skin. "I'm not going back." She muttered to herself. "Not going back to the dark depression he caused. He can't control me." 

Maria quickly threw her arm around her lover to comfort her. "Not a chance. I like the new Flavia better!" She said as she kissed Flavia's cheek.

"God, he's got some nerve. Doesn't he ever learn? Hitting on you in line?" Sandy tried to support her friend by showing distain for Matt and all that he represents.

Maria turned back from the darkness of the parking lot into the florescent glowing food court, taking one last look at the guy who had all but destroyed her lover's life. "He'll get his someday."



Sandy had spent the evening comforting her friend but quickly realized that she was the odd girl out. Maria and Flavia were now a couple. She wasn't sure how to take the idea that her best friend was now turning to her new friend and lover for comfort and support. But she assumed it would be the same if Flavia had found a boyfriend. It was okay. She knew they'd always be friends. And Maria was such a great new friend, the way she had accepted Sandy; straight and all.

She crossed the street toward her condo. She recognized the car in front of her house as the one her mom's date drove. 'God, now I have to deal with the drama of this side of the street too.' she laughed to herself.

The condo was somewhat dark inside. She opened the front door and glanced down the hallway through the dim lighting into the kitchen. 

For a moment she didn't fully catch what she was seeing. But as her eyes adjusted to the light, it sank in. Her mom's date was leaning back against the kitchen counter as Jill was standing between his legs. He had one hand on the back of Jill's head as they were deeply absorbed in the act of kissing. His other hand was gripping Jill's ass. It wasn't a soft caress, it was a full out, old people making out, grip. 

"God, damn!" she exclaimed. "Mom!!!" She covered her eyes and shut the door before darting up the steps and out of sight. The silence was suddenly broken as she could hear her mom laughing wildly downstairs.

We Gotta Do Something About Him

Flavia sat looking vacantly at the tv as Maria fumbled with the contents of her handbag. 

"Would you stay tonight?" Flavia asked softly.

Maria paused, trying to read Flavia's request. "You don't even need to ask, do you?" She said almost as a statement.

Flavia looked up at Maria still a bit emotional about seeing the face of her abuser again. She reached out and took Maria's hand, squeezing it for comfort.

"Don't let that idiot control you. Hell, if you won't let me control you, why would you let him?" Maria said with a mild tone of frustration.

Flavia shot a confused look back at Maria.

"Okay, maybe it's time that I asked. Where are we?" She asked motioning at the both of them. "Is this just a fling or what?" Maria cocked her head as if to say, 'I need an answer'.

The near depression in Flavia's eyes gradually melted as she gripped Maria's hand even more tightly. "I'm ready." She said looking up into Maria's eyes.

Maria flopped down next to Flavia and embraced her. "That's all I needed to know." She whispered into Flavia's ear before kissing her softly along her jaw.

"I'm sorry. I let him get to me." Flavia snuggled in next to Maria, intentionally trying to change her own mood. The feeling of Maria's torso against her shoulder was comforting. She grinned to herself as she remembered the feelings she had for Maria. The image of Maria trying on that hot, sheer dress at The Limited in the mall flashed through her mind. 

"You should have bought that black dress." She whispered.

"Oh, you liked that?" Maria playfully replied.

Flavia blushed a bit, but knew she did like it. "It was all I could do not to attack you on the spot. I wanted to join you in the dressing room and help you take it off." She gave a deviant grin.

"First of all, we need to do something about your shyness. You should have said something." Maria stated bluntly.

"You just looked really good in it." Flavia said, trying not to be too shy about her feelings. She looked right into Maria's eyes for a reaction.

"That's better. What did you like about it." Maria asked.

"It made your ass look fantastic... Smooth and round." She said briefly returning to her shyness. She saw Maria cock her head and raise an eyebrow as if to say, 'ah ah ah. No shyness.'. She cocked her own head in response to the non-verbal comment and spoke more directly. "Your nipples poked through the sheer material and turned me on." She said more confidently.

Maria grinned as Flavia's confidence was returning and Matt was no longer gripping her brain. "Show me." She said directly.

Flavia pulled back a moment as if to say, 'What??' But she broke into a smile as she slid her hand up Maria's thin torso. Her hand gently cupped Maria's breast.

"I can't. You put your bra back on." Flavia pointed out.

"Like I said, show me." Maria taunted.

Flavia didn't need another invitation. She turned on the bed to face Maria and with sensual movements began unbuttoning Maria's shirt. Her fingers nervously fumbled with the third button; anticipating what was being uncovered. Passing that obstacle, the fourth button came undone easily. She tugged at the shirt, pulling it away from Maria's body and over her shoulders.

She tossed the unneeded shirt aside and raised up on her knees to reach around Maria. As her fingers found the clasp of Maria's bra, their bodies were drawn close. She drank in Maria's perfume, intentionally drawing a deep breath to experience it. She smelled of sweet flowers and spring scented body wash.

Her cheek pressed against Maria's as she fumbled with the clasp. It came undone and fell softly off Maria's shoulders. She started to return to her seated state, but couldn't help herself anymore. She reached up and cupped Maria's face and began to kiss her deeply. As their tongues explored one other there was a momentary hesitation when they both opened their eyes and looked into each other's soul. 

"When you said you were ready; did you mean it?" Maria whispered, almost pleading. "Just us? Nobody else?"

"You're the only one I need." Flavia whispered in return before gripping Maria's face and returning a passionate kiss.

Maria melted in Flavia's arms. The knowledge that they were no longer just friends that were experimenting with each other, but a couple; was satisfying to her being. She clinched her eyes and reached up to take Flavia's head in her hand, drawing her into the kiss.

After a long satisfying kiss, Flavia pushed Maria back, tugging at Maria's zipper before her head reached the bed. She was so aroused at the thought of their newly stated status of their relationship that her hands trembled just a bit, as she pulled at Maria's jeans. Ripping them from her body she tossed them aside to view the gorgeous sight of her lover.

She barely held back her impulse to jump on her. Flavia wanted Maria and all that it meant. She reached out to caress Maria's torso gently, all but reverently. She looked directly into Maria's eyes as she massaged her body. Maria responded by releasing a nearly inaudible moan. She clenched her eyes and accepted Flavia's hands.

"I want to kiss you some more." Flavia whispered, causing a mischievous grin to spread across Maria's face. 

"I get the feeling that people rarely say no to you." Maria commented as Flavia crawled upward and hovered over her.

Flavia sank her face to Maria's, firmly cupping Maria's breast as she drove her tongue deep into Maria's mouth. Maria arched her back, pressing her breast into Flavia's grip; begging for more.

Maria began to reach up with her right hand to caress Flavia's hip, but Flavia grasped her wrist. She pulled Maria's arm above her and pressed it into the bed. The stretch seemed to please Flavia as she glanced down to see how Maria's outstretched arm caused her breast to raise.

Pushing her arm away, Flavia licked down Maria's shoulder and all the way to her now erect nipple. She sucked it in firmly with wanton abandon. Maria's head drew itself backward into the pillow and she again arched her back to accept Flavia's pleasuring of her breast.

She pinched Maria's nipple between her teeth playfully bringing a gasp to Maria's lips. She moaned Flavia's name in response to the feeling. Maria felt the hot, wet breath spread across her flesh. 

Flavia kept her eyes on Maria's expressions, assuring herself that she was pleasing. She drew a long, flat tongued lick across Maria's chest until she repeated the nibbling on her other nipple.

Yet as she was being pleasured by the warmth of her love, Maria found it hard to keep her mental attention on Flavia. 'What balls this Matt has, to hit on me! What kind of asshole is he? He would abuse my woman and think he can get away with it?' she though as Flavia pleasured her; and herself, but licking down the side of her ribs.

Trying to shake the realization that her mind was drifting back to Matt and her anger for this guy, she glanced down to Flavia. "You're a bit over dressed aren't you?" She said.
