 The phone rang just as I stepped out of an evening shower. Sandy had gone for a girls' night out and since there wasn't much on the TV I had planned to hit the rack early. I wrapped a towel around my waist and made it to the phone on the third ring. Sandy asked if I felt like meeting the girls at a local dance club. She said several other husbands were coming so I agreed. By 10:45 I was pulling up a chair to the table with everyone else. 3 other husbands made it and soon we were all having the times of our lives dancing and throwing down drinks like water. 

Our party of 10 began to shrink at 12:30. One couple and one of the single girls left first. By 1 am the group had dropped to five. We didn't mind; the dance floor was ours as the crowd continued to thin. "Last Call!" the bartender bellowed and the crowd moaned its displeasure. In the parking lot the other couple said their good-byes. Erika didn't want to go home and had asked Sandy if she knew of any late nightclubs. 

"Damn Erika, I am a married woman, I hardly make it out at all anymore!" Sandy laughed. Sandy stands 5'6" and is maybe 125 pounds. She has the consummate hourglass figure, 36-24-36, long wavy brown hair, and deep brown eyes. This evening Sandy wore her favorite pair of denim shorts, a tank, and a long sleeve cotton shirt unbuttoned in the front with the sleeves rolled up past her elbows. Her large breasts shook as she laughed. They remained as firm at 33 as they were at 20. Erika cursed her luck. Her and her husband were separated after she walked in on him and one of the neighbors. Erika is 21 and a looker herself. 

She might be all of 5'2" and 110 lbs. She too has great curves, brown eyes, and straight brown hair that falls just below her shoulders. It's not what a woman wants to hear but Erika has one of those cute faces that remind you of the teen next door. She wore a tea length black dress that fit like a glove. She looked like a very short Fredrick's of Hollywood model. I left the girls talking to go and get my car. When I pulled around both girls slid into the front seat with me. Sandy asked if I would mind Erika coming over to throw some darts and have a few more drinks and since they were both tipsy would I mind if they left their cars. I agreed knowing full well that I would have to bring them both back later to retrieve our other car and Erika's SUV.

Once at the house the girls quickly set to male bashing so I kissed Sandy goodnight and went to bed. I could hear the soft thud of darts drift up the stairs until I dosed off. I am not sure what woke me, but when I looked at the clock I had only been asleep for 40 minutes. Sandy was not in bed and I could no longer hear the darts striking their target. Unsure of what was happening I decided to throw on my robe and go check.

I could hear the kitchen radio before I made it to the bottom of the stairs and was just heading back when I heard a nervous giggle waft through the open door and service window in the kitchen. I had assumed they were making more drinks, but this giggle didn't fit. I poked my head in the door to ask what was so funny when I saw for myself. Erika and Sandy were dancing. Sandy had removed her over-shirt, and each woman was in bare feet. It wasn't the girl dances you see at the clubs when the men won't dance. It was a slow; close, grinding type of dance. I pulled my head back and decided to see what the hell else was happening. I went to the kitchen nook via the other door and concealed myself in the dark behind an assortment of hanging plants. From this particular vantage point I knew from experience that the girls would have to be looking for me to notice I was there. Somehow I doubted that they were concerned with my welfare at the moment.

Sandy giggled again after Erika reached up and kissed her on the lips. "C'mon Sandy, I dare you. Deke is asleep. It's just you and me." Sandy was quite nervous but she parted her lips and bent down to kiss Erika. Erika's quick contact with her tongue caused Sandy to flinch in shock for a moment before the kiss became a mutually consenting and by the looks of it, mutually satisfying French kiss. My cock began to stir at the site and thought of my wife being seduced, tricked, or badgered into her first lesbian encounter. Blessing my luck at having two beautiful women standing before me I watched intently. I never thought or asked if Sandy would go for something like this. More nervous giggling and dancing followed the kiss. The ladies sauntered past the island were I could now see more than just their torsos. 

I saw that Erika's dress had worked up to the bottom of her ass as she spun Sandy on the spot and moved up close behind her to continue this erotic dance. Sandy put her hands on Erika's and said 'no' when Erika started to undo her shorts. Her resistance didn't last long after Erika moved her hands up to cup Sandy's breasts and trace the sensitive nipples with her forefingers. I watched in amazement when Sandy's shorts hit the floor. Erika moved in front of Sandy and they kissed again as they sauntered back behind the island. The girls kept dancing and kissing for several minutes before they came out from behind the island again. 

Sandy's panties were gone now and Erika's dress was above her hips. The girls kissed and ground their pubic bones together. Erika moved back slightly and in one quick motion pulled her dress over her shoulders and tossed it on the island. Sandy stood staring momentarily with a combination shock and quizzical look on her face. "C'mon Sandy. Join me." Sandy pulled her tank off then fumbled with her bra until Erika moved behind her and finished with the snaps. 

I watched Erika's neatly trimmed bush brush lightly across my wife's ass while she slowly slid the bra of her arms. If there was any doubt left in Sandy's mind about what she was getting into it seemed to evaporate immediately when Erika applied gentle pressure to Sandy's back with her tits, causing Sandy to lean forward and place her hands on the island. By the time Sandy had her hands on the countertop Erika had both hands high on Sandy's thighs and was pushing the lips of my wife's pussy together with her thumbs and rubbing. 

Sandy loved this. I used this move on her many times. Erika then slid down to her knees behind my wife all the while keeping just the slightest contact with her nipples to Sandy's skin. Erika moved her hands around behind Sandy and with a little pressure had Sandy spread her thighs. I had been stroking my cock the whole time while watching my wife being seduced by this pretty little vixen, but I nearly gave myself away when Erika pushed her forehead up to Sandy's ass and began to tease her pussy with the tip of her tongue and her fingertips. 

I shot a load into the nearest plant that dribbled down onto the bench in front of me and held my breath hoping to not be heard. I had just leaned back on the table to rest when Sandy lay her tits down on the counter, raised up on her tiptoes, and began to moan and quiver her pleasure at having Erika lick and suck her pussy. Sandy's orgasm came moments later as she humped her ass back onto Erika's face. Erika stood up and lay her head down on Sandy's back and hugged her close while Sandy gasped and caught her breath. "I'll understand if you want to stop." Erika said.

To my delight and utter amazement Sandy said, "No. No, just give me a sec to catch my breath." A familiar stirring began below my waist again. Erika hopped up onto the island, lay back, and spread her legs wide so that Sandy had easy access. Timidly at first, Sandy licked up the insides of Erika's thighs. Erika coaxed and encouraged her until Sandy finally brought her tongue into contact with Erika's clit. I shot a second load onto that same plant when Sandy brought Erika to a gasping orgasm by sucking on her clit and pumping two fingers into her pussy.

I was looking for something to wipe two loads of cum off the bench when the ladies began to get up. Sandy was saying that she needed to wake me and let me know Erika was spending the night so I wouldn't come downstairs in the morning wearing only boxers. I forgot about my mess, snuck as quickly as possible upstairs, and had just barely gotten laid down when Sandy came in. I jumped to a sitting position as if I had been startled. 

Sandy laughed and told me Erika was staying the night. After getting blankets and a pillow for Erika to sleep on the couch, Sandy finally came to bed. I didn't know what to say and thus chose the chicken shit answer and said nothing.

I rose early and was surprised to see Erika in the kitchen. She had already made coffee and was sipping on a cup when I came in. We exchanged pleasantries as I went about getting coffee and the morning paper trying no to let on that I knew what had happened. I took my usual seat at the breakfast nook and Erika was saying she was in no hurry to get back to her vehicle as she took a seat on the bench! I was looking over the top of my paper when she glanced down and ran her fingertips across the top of the bench. Sandy came into the kitchen and I diverted my eyes from Erika to the paper.

Later, I took the girls to get their cars. Sandy came home about 20 minutes after I did and I was sure Erika had told her what she found. Sandy said nothing and neither did I. I am certain that Erika knows that I am there, since their erotic dance is performed two or three times a month and always in our kitchen. Sandy seems blissfully unaware of my presence. Or is it that she is just waiting for me to get up the nerve to ask if I can join?