 "Good evening, Donna!"

"Hi!"

Donna flashed her very sweet smile at the guard by the door, who in turn graciously opened it for her to enter. Donna was a dancer in one of the clubs in Quezon City, and was considered as one of the stars in this particular club. Not only did she have a pretty face, her figure was something to whistle at despite her petite 5 foot height. She had long, wavy black hair that reached to the middle of her back, and had beautiful brown skin that perfectly complimented her sparkling white teeth. Yes, she was the club favorite, not just of the customers, but also of the other dancers there. She was a good friend to have around and always had something nice to say to everyone.

That particular night was a special night. It's called a "Big Night" where you'd need a ticket to get in. All the dancers prepared for a night like this with special production numbers and short comedy skits, and added solo dances from guest dancers and actresses in the country. The whole club that night was decorated with neon lights and tubes in line with their New Millennium theme.

As soon as she entered, she was surprised to see Joey, her boyfriend, already at a table with a bottle of beer in front of him. She didn't expect him to be here at all and this made her tense. She was not able to tell him beforehand that she would be having this "lesbian" dance number, and, having been his girlfriend for only 3 months, wasn't exactly sure how he would react to her number. She just paused long enough to kiss him and say hi, and quickly proceeded to the dressing room to change.

She wasn't apprehensive of the number. She had done this quite a few times in the past. All she had to do was dance to the music while another girl would undress her. Then the other girl would get an ice cube from one of the glasses of the men closest to the stage and proceeded to rub it on her breasts, after which she'll put it back in the guy's glass. Then at one point of the music, the other girl would pretend to go down on her and at the "climax" of the song, she'll pretend to be coming, and that's it. It's nothing but a put on and it was easy to do and her pay for the evening would be doubled.

"What's wrong?"

It was Anne, her friend and partner in the number. Donna hadn't noticed that Anne had sat down beside her to change and had been staring at Donna for quite some time.

"Oh, nothing," replied Donna. "I was just surprised to see that there were already people inside this early."

"Wasn't that Joey sitting by the stage?"

"Yeah. The bastard pulled another fast one on me and surprised me with his presence."

"Oh! Is he the jealous type?"

"I don't know. He hasn't shown any jealousy with the other customers. But I do know that one thing he liked about me is that I don't dance all the way. Just topless."

"But you'll be taking off your panties tonight!"

"I know! Oh well, if he hates me for that, so be it. Good riddance!"

"Yup! Maybe now you can give Wally a chance!"

They both laughed and proceeded changing.

The first numbers went smoothly. While waiting for her part, Donna was at the table of a regular customer. Joey sat alone at his table and didn't mind seeing Donna being embraced by her customer. He knew that it was just part of the job and he's used to it. Then, he saw Donna stand up. Must be time for her number. She passed by his table and gave him a smile and a wink. He just nodded his head slightly. No use making her customer angry by seeing him smiling at his "girl."

Soon the disco music faded and segued to Enya's "Orinoco Flow."

Donna came out and started her dance. One thing about her, she didn't like looking at the crowd while she's on stage. So, she always had this look of being immersed in her own world and she danced to the music while enjoying her body. She did, actually. She always imagined she was in her room masturbating. And tonight, she did it with more energy and totally blocked out the crowd, specially Joey, from her mind.

She liked fondling her breasts and the crowd murmured their approval when her nipples hardened through her bra. Anne came out and started playing with Donna's hair until it came time to remove her bra. Donna showed off her 36 C breasts to everyone, and someone who've probably just seen her for the first time, applauded, for her nipples were jutting out. Anne then went to the table near the front of the stage and picked up the guy's glass and got out one ice cube. She then proceeded to rub the ice cube on Donna's breasts. Donna inhaled suddenly when the ice cube first touched her nipple. It was totally hard now and very sensitive. She can actually feel the brush of air from the air conditioning on her nipple. She can even feel the bass sound of the music on her nipple. This surprised her and her first thought was, "I'm going home with Joey tonight." That made her smile, and it seemed to the crowd that she was really enjoying this.

Anne also saw the smile on Donna's face. She took a quick peek at Joey to her right, then kissed Donna full on the lips. This surprised Donna. That wasn't what they rehearsed to do and she opened her eyes and looked at Anne, as if asking her, "What do you think you're doing?"

Anne looked back at her while she kissed and winked, as if saying, "Just play along with me." So, Donna let Anne kiss her. Anne's lips were so soft and wet. She liked the feeling and suddenly became aware that she was starting to get very wet. Then she felt Anne's probing tongue and she parted her lips. Anne's tongue in her mouth sent waves of pleasure along Donna's back. She started to feel weak at the knees. She was left breathless when Anne's lips separated from her own, but she had to close her eyes again in pure pleasure as Anne put her mouth on her right nipple and started sucking on it. The pleasure was so intense that she automatically grabbed onto Anne's head and moaned. She was barely aware of her panties being torn away. What she felt was the hands that kneaded her butt, and a finger that lightly brushed against her clit. 

Donna was so torn from the pleasure that Anne was giving her and the realization that it was all happening in front of a room full of smoking, beer drinking men. And one of them was her boyfriend! She opened her eyes and looked to her left. Joey was watching but she couldn't see if he was disgusted or turned on by the sight of her enjoying herself in front of strangers. The sudden flick of Anne's tongue on her clit made her jump. "I've got to get control of this," she said to herself, and despite the wondrous feel of Anne's tongue on her, she backed off, took hold of Anne's face and lifted her up to kiss her fiercely. Then she slowly turned around so that her back is to the audience and started kissing Anne's neck.

"What are you doing," she whispered.

"Turning you on," she replied with eyes closed.

"I know! But you're not supposed to do that!"

"But you're enjoying it, aren't you?" They swayed to the music while Anne caressed Donna's breast.

"I am, but Joey's watching us!"

"I know. He asked me to."

"What?"

They both looked at Joey and Donna was surprised to see him raise his glass to them and take a sip.

Anne started to kneel down in front of her. "Do you want me?"

"Yes."

"Then let's get on with this. The music's about to end."

With that she put her lips against Donna's stiff clit and hungrily sucked on it. Donna threw her head back in ecstasy. The orgasm washed over her so suddenly and fiercely. Just as the pleasure reached it's peak, Anne inserted her tongue inside her pussy. Another wave of orgasm swept her and it was all she could do not to fall on her back from pure pleasure. 

The music was about to end. Anne stood up after a final kiss to her shaven pussy and they embraced most tenderly while swaying to the last beats of the song. The crowd hooted and cheered and shouted more, but the two girls started heading for the exit.

Anne smiled at Donna and said, "Tonight is my turn."

"Tonight?"

"Yes. Joey told me to ask you if you wouldn't mind spending a night together with me."

Donna turned to Joey, and he sat there with a big smile on his face and clapping. Donna smiled at him.

"Sure, but tell him he'll only get to watch us tonight. He can join in next time."

They both stopped by the stage door exit and playfully took a bow while laughing.