 It had been a crazy day and all Liz really wanted to do was fall into bed and crash, because Sunday morning would come early enough, bringing with it a four hour drive home. But she knew the hyper little girls in her motel room were not going to let her get much rest tonight. Liz shared her room with her two daughters, Missy, who was twelve, and Aubrey, who was eight, and another of the little girls from the dance troop. The younger girls' class had taken first place in their category and were very excited. Missy's class had not done as well and she was pouting, constantly snapping at the other girls to be quiet. When Liz couldn't take it anymore she announced she was going to go get some ice from the machine.

So there Liz was, in an alcove on the second floor landing of a Red Roof Inn on a chilly March night, wishing she was anywhere else. It was moments like these she seriously reconsidered her choice to raise a family instead of focusing on her career. When her husband went away for the weekend it was hunting at a cabin with the boys. When she went away, it was for dance competitions. This was not her idea of a weekend away. She couldn't remember the last time she'd gone to the spa with her girlfriends.

Pulling out the cigarettes she'd secreted in her jeans pocket, Liz lit one and inhaled deeply while leaning back against the wall, lulled into relaxation by the rhythmic hum of the ice machine. She'd been careful not to let anyone see her cigarettes because she'd promised the family she'd quit and the girls would certainly report her to their father.

"'Scuse me," a warm female voice said. It was Carly, the head of the dance school and her younger daughter's teacher, who carried an empty plastic ice bucket.

"Sorry," Liz said, moving back against the wall so Carly could squeeze past her. The teacher's firm, round butt rubbed against her as she passed.

"No, I'm sorry. It looks like I interrupted your five minutes of peace. Are you hiding out here?" Carly smiled warmly.

"Is it that obvious?"

"I know what it's like to share a small motel room with a bunch of little girls. Does it make me a bad mother that I'm happy my little one was too sick to come this weekend?"

It was Liz's turn to laugh. "Only if I'm a bad mother because I'm jealous. I would be in heaven if I had a room to myself for the night. I don't care if it's a motel or not, I would still sink into that tub with some bath salts and wine and just veg."

"I'm with you, Liz, except that I had my Kindle with me and Josh Groban playing."

"Still sounds like heaven to me."

"Well, I can at least offer you the wine. Why don't you come down to my room?"

"I don't know," Liz said. Every fiber of her being was shouting, Go, go now! "I have the girls to look after."

"Missy's old enough to look after her sister and Dakota for a while. You'll only be a few doors down," Carly urged.

"That's true, but I wouldn't want to horn in on your relaxing evening."

"Please, it's been ages since I've had some grown up girl talk."

"Okay. Just let me tell the girls I'll be in your room for a while."

Liz went down and told the girls she would be down talking to Miss Carly for a while and made them promise to go to bed as soon as their movie was over. They promised and even though Liz knew they lying she let it slide. They could stay up as late as they wanted as long as she got some adult time. And maybe they would be so tired the next day they would have an uneventful drive home.

"Come on in," Carly said, greeting Liz at the door.

It was the same generic motel room Liz shared with the girls, coarse beige wallpaper, busy, patterned carpet. Between two full sized beds was a bureau bolted to the wall and there was a long dresser across from the beds with a television on it. In front of the window, which was covered by two heavy, ugly curtains, was a small, round table. An ice bucket, filled with cubes and a large bottle of wine, topped the table. The far bed, against the wall, was hidden beneath scattered clothes and an open suitcase. Music came from iPod speakers set up on the counter outside the tiny bathroom at the far end of the room.

"Have a seat," Carly offered.

Liz sat on the end of the clear bed, the only place to sit. The cover had been peeled off and the sheets and blanket were pulled back. She pulled off her faux-fur topped snow boots and wiggled her toes in their multicolored socks.

"Only the finest for you," Carly said, handing her a small plastic cup filled with red wine. It would take a lot more of those to get drunk, Liz thought. She nearly drained it with one swallow. She felt like she was back in college drinking wine out of plastic cups.

"I feel like I'm at a five star resort. The only thing miss is a hunky masseuse," Liz laughed.

"Maybe we could arrange something," Carly replied meaningfully.

"It isn't fair that men have call girls, but we don't really have that option. A guy could probably call some girl to this room tonight, but there aren't call guy services."

"Would you use one if there were?"

Liz thought about it and giggled, "I dunno, maybe. How naughty am I feeling?"

"Have you ever been worked on by a hot guy?" Carly asked, refilling Liz's cup.

"Not for a massage!" Liz laughed and drank more wine. "Seriously though, my spa only seems to have women so it's never come up."

"That doesn't exclude hijinks," Carly said slyly.

"Maybe these days," Liz replied with a wink. "That wasn't so much in vogue when I was back in college."

She was about ten years older than Carly, who was in her late twenties and could have been her sister. Both were slender blondes with light eyes, Carly's blue and Liz's a pretty hazel. Liz's hair was cut in a smart, shoulder length bob, while Carly's hung halfway down her back, but Liz was curvier from her two kids and about three inches taller at nearly five-foot-ten.

"I had my fun in college." There was a twinkle in Carly's eye. "So you've never had a massage at some resort? I always ask for some hunky masseuse when we go away."

Liz was very interested now. "And did it get ... inappropriate?"

Carly laughed at the awe in her friend's voice. "Not really ... well, sort of. A couple times some hands have wandered very close, which I'll admit was really hot, but no one's really crossed the line."

"Did you tell your husband? Isn't he jealous?"

"He knows I get the massage, but he doesn't know every little detail. Like I said, no line was really crossed and he always gets the benefits when I come back, so I don't think he has a problem with it. He's not jealous by nature."

"I'm not sure mine would feel the same way. He's not even comfortable when I show too much cleavage. Not that that stops me!" They both laughed at that.

Liz had a great time sitting there with Carly. It had been so long since she'd had any kind of girls' night. She and her friends were all at that point in their lives with kids and families that made scheduling anything a Herculean task. She didn't actually know the teacher all that well, having only spoken about the girls and random things and found Carly was a fun, funny, interesting young woman. She had that off-beat, Bohemian artist mentality. Before she knew it they were through that first bottle of wine and Carly pulled a second from her suitcase.

They talked about the challenges of motherhood and being married and dealing with everyone's expectations. As Liz was a little bit older and had been married for over ten years, Carly was very interested in what the future of her own marriage might hold, especially how things were with her husband. Liz said things were still very good with her husband, but it obviously wasn't like when they were first married and on their own. They bickered a little more and did not go out very much. Liz did feel they were stuck in a bit of routine and wished her husband would try a little bit more, but she could not imagine her life without him.

"And what about in the bedroom? Is that too personal?" Carly asked.

"No, we're just two girls talking here," Liz said, blaming her blush on the wine. Without realizing it she'd become quite buzzed. "Things are good."

"That's a ringing endorsement!"

"Seriously, things are good. Our love making is still great, but just like everything else it's different, you know? And finding the time with two kids is tough. We're lucky to get it in more than once a week."

"Sounds like you'd like it more."

"Well, sure. Who wouldn't?"

For the past year or so Liz had been becoming more and more aware of a need to spice up things with her husband, or at least make love more often than the once a weekend session they usually squeezed in after the girls were in bed, or early Sunday morning before they got up. Maybe there was something to all that sexual peak stuff. Liz had even taken to masturbating on a semi-regular basis, at least a couple times a week and usually in the shower in the morning. It wasn't something she planned. She would just be in the mood and start touching herself without really thinking about it. She found those quick, unplanned orgasms very fulfilling.

"We still do it at least three or four times a week," Carly said. "Just the other night I was clearing the sink and Paul comes up behind me and starts kissing my neck. Next thing I know he's pulling me into the dining room and we're doing it right there on the dining room table. Can you believe it?"

Not only could Liz believe it, she could almost picture it. She'd seen Carly's husband here and there around the dance studio and he was a handsome, well-built man. He owned his own landscaping business or something like that, so he kept in good shape and was always tanned in the summertime. Liz had not been with another man in over fifteen years and wondered what it would be like to be pinned to the dining room table by a younger stud like Paul. Maybe she would have to drag her own husband into the dining room when she got home.

Shaking off her lurid thoughts, Liz asked, "Weren't you worried about getting caught?"

"Ashleigh is always out like a light when we put her to bed. We're lucky that way."

Between the wine and the sex talk Liz was feeling hot under the collar and decided she needed to change the subject.

"Do you like the Kindle? I've thought about getting one."

"It's great because I can carry a lot of things at once, so I can read whatever I'm in the mood for."

"What were you reading tonight?"

Carly giggled and looked guilty. "Do you really want to know?"

"Sure," Liz replied, wondering, did she?

Leaning across to the other bed, Carly grabbed her Kindle and turned it on. She scrolled down a few pages and then handed the device to Liz. The digital ink screen was surprisingly easy to read and as she read her eyes widened. It was a full blown, very graphic sex scene about two men and a woman. Liz quickly surmised it was a married couple and another man, a stranger. The woman was lying blindfolded between the two men with her hands bound over her head while they both touched and kissed her everywhere. Liz always found the sex scenes in her cheesy Harlequin romance novels hot, but this was another creature entirely. She could feel her face burning red as she compulsively kept reading.

When she finally looked up, Liz found Carly staring at her, which made her blush even harder. Liz's face wasn't the only heated part of her body anymore. She was warm all over. She'd never read anything like that.

"So what do you think? Think I'm some sort of deviant?" Carly asked expectantly.

"Uh, no." Liz was speechless, but not because she thought the teacher was a deviant. "Did you download that from Amazon?"

"Yeah, that have all kinds of stuff, but there's erotica all over the internet. Some of my favorite sites are Literotica.com and Erotic Stories.com. There usually something interesting to read there and they have stories for all kinds of tastes. It keeps me company on nights when I have to be away from Paul, but sometimes we read the stories together and share fantasies."

"Wow, that's amazing. I'm definitely going to have to check those out when I get home." Liz wondered what would happen if she and her husband did some reading together. She was eager to find out.

"You can keep reading if you want."

Liz wanted to keep reading, but she would need some alone time if she did. With a laugh she wondered if it would be too obvious if she took the Kindle into the bathroom. Finally, she answered, "It's cool." She held the Kindle out to Carly.

"No, go on. You obviously need to unwind. I don't mind at all." She pressed the Kindle back into Liz's hands.

And so Liz kept reading. She found she was only about halfway through the scene and it only got crazier. The woman was untied, but remained blindfolded and placed on all fours, with the two men on either end of her. Liz couldn't even imagine what that would be like. Would she even be able to think about giving head while someone else was inside her? Her feelings during sex were all consuming.

Liz actually ignored it when Carly got up from the bed, thinking she was getting up to grab something else. Moments later, the teacher was kneeling on the bed behind her and massaging Liz's shoulders. Liz jumped at the contact, but settled down because it just felt good. She murmured that Carly didn't have to do that, but was ignored. Carly was very good and Liz gave herself over to it. Strong, slender fingers kneaded the back of her neck and Liz hung her head forward, hair falling forward to veil her face as she closed her eyes and forgot about the Kindle in her lap. Carly kept one hand working on her neck while the other caressed her back. Carly's nails scratched through her top, giving Liz the chills.

Liz was so entranced that she didn't realize Carly was kissing the side of her neck at first. It just blended in with all the other warm and fuzzy feelings and Liz was already so turned on from their conversation and what she'd been reading that Carly's warm, soft lips just felt natural. When she did realize what Carly was doing her eyes shot open and she froze. What was she supposed to do? Maybe it bothered her because she liked it so much. Liz just sat there and let Carly keep kissing her neck and massaging her. Liz was quickly melting into a warm puddle.

Carly reached around the set the Kindle aside and then pressed herself against Liz's back. Liz felt Carly's breasts press into her through the latter's bulky pink sweater, which she wore with a pair of black leggings. Carly was kissing her neck in earnest now and reaching around to cup Liz's breasts through the tight red henley she wore unbuttoned over a white, lace-trimmed stretch cami and bra. Carly's touch was wonderful, firm and exploring, yet not overly aggressive and grabby, the way she remembered a man usually was the first time he laid hands on her. Liz's nipples, always sensitive, responded and she knew Carly must feel them, even through all her layers. She was burning hot now and knew if she was going to stop Carly it had to be now.

"Carly, I don't know ..." Liz said, surprised by her own breathlessness. She turned to face the teacher and found her blue eyes hooded with arousal. Carly looked as turned on as she felt.

"Don't think," Carly replied and kissed her.

Liz didn't know what it would be like to kiss another woman. She may have thought about it in a drunken moment once or twice, but she never really considered it. She didn't know what she was missing. Carly's kiss was tender, but not friendly. It was hot and sexy and it sent an incredible bolt through Liz, right down to her tingling pussy. Still, was this right? Should they be doing this? She was married, but then so was Carly and it wasn't stopping her. Did this even count as cheating?

"Carly, I've never ..." Liz said, which was hardly asking Carly to stop. She didn't know if she wanted Carly to stop, but she knew which way she was leaning.

"Just go with it. Go with your feelings," Carly said gently and kissed her again.

This kiss was more urgent and Liz parted her lips, letting Carly's tongue slip in and tease her own. Liz had always loved kissing and Carly was one of the best kissers she'd ever encountered. She held Carly's face in both hands and then ran her fingers through the teacher's long, beautiful hair. Carly caressed her face, but quickly moved down to touch Liz's breasts once again. Suddenly Liz's top felt so heavy and restrictive and when Carly lightly tugged at the bottom Liz grabbed it and pulled it off. Their kiss had to break momentarily and Liz was desperate to get back to it.

When Liz grabbed Carly and kissed her, the teacher eased her back and Liz fell into the pillows, pulling Carly with her as their tongues kept teasing each other. Carly was on top of her, holding herself up on her arms, like any male lover would, but Carly's thick waves of golden hair flowed forward, hiding them both from the light. Carly eased herself down onto Liz, parting her legs and moving her lips back to her neck as her hand once again captured Liz's breast, this time with less in the way. Carly raked her nails over the firm mound, glancing across the stiff nipple almost as if by accident. The quick, sharp touch was exciting and Liz quivered when she did it. Liz was unable to suppress a quiet moan when Carly starting sucking and nibbling on that sweet spot toward the back of her neck. She held Carly tighter, knotting her fingers her long, blonde hair. Liz had always been powerless to resist when someone kissed her there. She just hoped Carly was smart enough to not leave any marks.

Liz became breathless and pulled Carly's lips back to her own, afraid she would lose all control if Carly kept kissing her there. Carly seemed to sense her vulnerability and pressed it, but then she happily accepted Liz's passionate kiss. Carly's thigh was pressed between Liz's legs and Liz realized she was rubbing herself against it. The gentle pressure felt good against her throbbing mound. When Liz broke their kiss so she could suck and nibble on Carly's neck, Carly was pushing her hand under the tight cami. Liz kissed her way up, sweeping blonde hair out of the way. Carly's hair seemed to be everywhere and Liz realized this must be what it's like for a guy trying to make out with a girl.

"Mmm, Liz," Carly whimpered.

It was Carly's turn to moan when Liz started nibbling on her ear, careful to avoid the diamond stud piercing it. Having her ear sucked and nibbled really seemed to get Carly going and it was exciting to know that she was turning the teacher on. Liz had never been a passive lover. Carly was shivering and moaning while Liz attacked her ear and it only stopped when Carly returned for a kiss.

Carly pulled the cami up and over Liz's head, leaving her only in a pretty pink lace-trimmed bra and jeans. Liz felt momentarily exposed, but Carly distracted her. She kissed her way down Liz's neck and over her shoulders, pulling the bra straps down as she moved. A sweetheart diamond necklace hung down between Liz's breasts and Carly kissed her way along the thin, golden chain and then sucked on the spot where the pendant fell. Liz ran her fingers through Carly's hair and tilted her head back, with her eyes closed tightly. All she thought about was how excited she was.

Cupping both Liz's breasts in her hands, Carly kissed them all over, through the bra, pushing the nipples with her lips, but mostly avoiding them. It was an awful tease and it drove Liz crazy. Somehow, her nipples had become even more sensitive after nursing and any kind of teasing just made her mental. Frequently her husband was a bit too rough and she had to tell him to calm down, but Carly's touch was just right. By the time Carly peeled back the cups of her bra, Liz thought she was going to scream. Those nipples were a rose wine color and thick, standing up proudly in the cool motel room. Carly brushed those naked nipples with her lips and Liz's head spun. Carly's tongue peeked out and flicked lightly and Liz moaned throatily as her pussy tightened. It was the sweetest tease and had Liz shaking. She didn't know if she'd ever been so horny. Liz gasped when Carly actually sucked a nipple greedily into her mouth and lashed at it with her tongue. She clutched Carly tightly to her chest, breathing hard and moaning uncontrollably.
