 Flavia holds a dark secret about her past that has caused her to be guarded and given her a fascination with knives. A new lover helps her let go of the past and move on with her life.

While there are cross over characters from "There She Is Again", this is a separate story line dealing with a lesbian friend (and neighbor) of Sandy. It was written for a lesbian friend "J" :) 

As with most of my writing, I try to have a plot with some character development. While there is plenty of erotic content, the characters are explained first. So if you want a story where they are having sex by the third paragraph, you may want to move on. I want to create characters the reader can care about.

Hope you enjoy it.

*****

THE SEARCHING

A crack of light broke through the darkness of her bedroom from the hallway light as the door opened quietly. She slipped into the darkness of the room, casting her own darkness in the form of a shadow on the floor. She all but silently closed the door again, resting her hand on the doorframe; hoping nobody heard her sneak in after curfew. Tilting her head to the door and listening for any noise that would indicate her stealth had been broken, a wave of relief passed across her face as no sound could be heard. She began to relax, now in the safety of her own bedroom.

In the darkness, Flavia took the familiar steps necessary to reach her desk. She dropped a pair of boots along the side of the desk, having taken them off earlier to aid her quiet entrance at the kitchen door. Her messenger bag fell agape against her desk chair as she placed the shoulder strap on the edge of the chair's back. She pulled out her laptop and quietly placed it on her desk. 

As the screen came alive, the glow illuminated the entire room with a soft greenish cast. Sitting at the desk, the face of young Flavia moved into the light of the laptop. Her haunting eyes and soft skin reflect golden as she examined the screen. 

With anticipation she took the few strokes necessary to check her email. She gently bit her lovely lower lip as she searched through the list of email messages waiting for her. That lower lip can only be described as pouty, full and luscious. Her youthful beauty masks the dark yearnings of her heart. Yet her eyes speak of a hunting depth with wisdom beyond her physical age.

Disappointment fell harshly on her face as she realizes the one she hoped to read from had not emailed. Eliminating the numerous junk mail messages she proceeded to open the only message of any importance. Just a note from a friend; and older photographer she met online who trades photos and ideas with her from time to time.

Only mildly encouraged by a note from a friend, she felt a bit unfulfilled. The lovely Maria had failed to respond. 'Why am I so attracted to her?' Flavia ponders to herself as she begins to undress and prepare for some greatly needed sleep.

Tossing her dark jacket aside, she stands to begin unbuckling her belt. The large medal tines release the thick leather strap that held her black combat style pants in place. She tugged the pants off her sultry hips exposing a stark contrast. Under the rough, exterior of black pants, black low cut t-shirt, black jacket and equally black eyeliner; frail, lace panties are exposed. Her feminine panties hiding under her rugged clothing reflect the true nature of this woman. 

But then again Flavia is a walking contradiction. Her rough exterior all but intentionally hides the soft, sweet and utterly confused heart of this young woman. She shields her broken confusion under the stark layers of a black and white uniform. The only color she permits herself is the gentle rainbow of distinct colors that cascade through her long, sandy blond hair.

Grabbing her t-shirt by the hem, she tugged it off over her head, revealing a matching lace bra. She wadded it up in a ball, and tossed it on the pile of her pants she had stepped out of; before sauntering toward her bed. Her discouragement over not hearing from Maria was turning to self-doubt and frustration.

'What was I thinking," she thought to herself. 'Yeah, just strike up a conversation in the classroom with a complete stranger and flirt with her. Great plan,' she sarcastically mused. The lovely Maria was in her World Civ. One class last semester and as the months passed, it was clear that Flavia was mildly obsessed with the raven haired beauty. Now at the start of her second semester of her freshman year, Maria was often seated two rows in front of her in a dull core course; Art in the Western World. 

It's not the she had given up on guys completely. There were just too many frustrating situations with guys that didn't make sense to her. They were controlling, dominating, and utterly confusing. One recent relationship with a guy had turned a bit aggressive. He had forced himself on her sexually to the point that she had felt violated by his macho actions.

Flavia stood in the darkness feeling the darkness of rejection at the thought that Maria may have tossed her email address away. She sat on the floor and leaned back against her bed reliving in her mind the moment when she first spoke to Maria.

She was seated next to the aisle as Maria passed by following a long and very boring lecture. Maria had rolled her eyes at Flavia; as if to say, 'that was an impossibly dull lecture.' 

"Yeah, just shoot me if we have to endure any more like that one," she whispered up at Maria. 

"Girl, you won't have to shoot me. I'll be dead from my head exploding," she laughed.

Surprisingly, Maria softly placed her hand on Flavia's shoulder as she passed by. Gently patting her as if to add sympathy to their shared pain. 

Flavia raised up quickly; not wanting to let the moment of opportunity pass by. "Are you getting any of this?" she asked in Maria's direction.

Maria turned and waited for Flavia to gather her messenger bag. "Not as much as I should. I'm pretty worried about the test. It's not even two weeks away!"

"I am too. God, he's just shooting through this stuff too fast. I've got to get it together before I fail what should be an easy class." Flavia wrinkled her forehead expressing her frustration.

"You got that right girlfriend. Maybe we could get together and study sometime," Maria offered.

Flavia's eyes shot open wide at the thought. Feeling a bit empowered by Maria's comment. "I'm Flavia, and I'd love to get together with you." She offered her hand and melted when Maria reciprocated.

As their fingers touched a wave of excitement passed through Flavia's flesh making her warm and a bit flush. Maria gently squeezed her hand after a moment, all but signaling 'okay, that's enough.' Flavia's face felt warm, as if she was blushing at the thought.

"Maria." She offered her name by way of introduction and flashed a gorgeous smile at Flavia. 

"Flavia," she nervously repeated.

"Yes. I know who you are." Maria's smile widened even more. Flavia's eyes widened even more when she realized that she was repeating herself.

"Can I give you my email address? You could let me know if you had time in the next few days to have a study date." Maria cocked her head to one side trying to comprehend what Flavia was offering. Then a broad smile crossed her face.

"Sure." Maria tugged her notebook open to a blank page. "Write it here," she said.

Flavia tried to contain her excitement as she grabbed her red gel pen. She quickly scribbled out her email address as clearly and legibly as possible. Her cheeks burned with the thought that Maria was watching her as she wrote. Maria glanced down at the red letters then gently blew on the ink before closing her notebook. Flavia drew a deep breath at the sight, trying not to stare.

"I'll be in touch. Well, I've got another class, so gotta run now. Bye." With that Maria turned and rushed out of the lecture hall.

Now in the darkness of her bedroom and without any response from Maria, Flavia began to second guess her every utterance. '...a study date. What kind of idiot calls it a study date?' Flavia thought to herself as she sat leaning against her bed.

When frustrated, angered, or even just upset, Flavia knew what calmed her. Leaning back against her bed, her hand ran up under the bed to a ridge along bed frame. As a child she would hide candy along this ledge. As a high school student she would hide notes from boys. But now she hid something much darker along this hidden ledge.

Her fingers gripped a prize possession. In the darkness she pulled out an eight inch dagger. She twirled it by the handle in her nimble fingers; a practiced movement. The feel of the leather bound grip in her hands comforted her. She mused to her self how she had found this blade at a flea market a year earlier; how possessing it made her feel empowered and in control. She purchased it just days following the undesirable invasion of her body by the last boy she had ever been with. 

'Not so weak and docile now, am I?' she mused as she ran the blade gently against the flesh of her breast. The blade pressed into the flesh of her breast that bulged above her bra. Just enough to leave a scrape mark on her ivory white skin, but not so firmly as to cut. Her eyes closed with the pleasurable feeling. Her mouth fell agape at the emotion found in the blade's touch.

She couldn't describe the reason, but she found great peace in the touch of her blade. It was empowering, freeing, deeply satisfying, and most of all; arousing. And it was having it's desired effect.

Biting her pouty bottom lip as the thought struck her, a deviant image crossed her mind. It was the thought of Maria's soft lips and that gorgeous raven-like hair. She quietly reached around behind her and unlatched her bra. The raised flesh of her breast that had protruded upward at the restraint fell as the bra released. Her freshman year had morphed her body from a skinny teenager to an exceedingly pleasing woman. The older bra should have been discarded long ago, but Flavia loved how it drew her breasts to form very adult cleavage.

As the bra fell, she drew the straps off her shoulders and tossed it errantly toward her other clothes. Her breasts now exposed to the cool room combined with the emotion of her blade in her hand caused her nipples to become quickly erect. 

She ran the tip of the blade along the areola of her right breast. The tingling feeling caused her to suck gently on her bottom lip. Her button-like nipples began to elongate as she became aroused. Thoughts of Maria made her wild with desire. She imagined Maria as she stood next to her that day; the thin t-shirt that clearly could not hide the fact that she was not wearing a bra. Her small, round breasts caused the material to tautly stretch. It was all Flavia could do to avoid staring at Maria's nipples as they caused her t-shirt to reveal themselves. 

Her free hand drifted downward until she ran her forefinger along the lace of her panties. The waistband was taunt, creating a gorgeous panty bridge. She slid her fingers into the small opening along her hip bone causing a stirring to pass through her torso.

Her knees fell open as her fingers pressed further, down into her sex. Her dampness made it clear that the tingle of her blade had done its job. She gently pressed her middle finger into the dampness, parting the soft flesh causing her to gasp. Ever mindful of how close her parent's bedroom is to her own, she tried her best to contain any audible moan. 

As her middle finger plunged deeply into her, a quiver shook through her legs. They softly swayed back and forth, at times squeezing together, pressing her hand into her sex. Then just as pleasingly they fell completely open, accentuating the sensation of her fingers playing along the soft folds of her labia.

Her head fell back against her mattress as she playfully pressed the blade flat against her nipple; forcing it to compress deep into the soft flesh of her full breast. The feeling pleased her greatly. Then letting the blade pull away, her erect nipple again stood proud. She let the flat of the blade softly touch just the tip of her nipple. As she moved the blade up and down it's friction caused her nipple to bend in tantalizing ways.

She could feel the ribbed, center crease of the blade as it ran across her softness. Then stroking downward again with the blade she simultaneously plunged the fingers of her other hand deeply into her again. This motion of a blade being run across her nipple while she pleasured herself with her other hand was astounding to her.

She bit softly on her tongue as it licked the corner of her mouth. The motion of her fingers inside her began to hasten to the urgency she felt. In her mind she viewed images of Maria. She imagined touching Maria's face and caressing her hair. She imagined softly kissing her neck and letting her tongue glide down the length of her collarbone. 'God, she's stunning', she thought as she imagined her muse. Maria's long, athletic frame and tight, pert ass caused a smile to spread across Flavia's face.

The sexual frustration she felt caused her to shift; sliding from her seated position she came to rest sprawled out on the floor next to her bed. The rough texture of the carpet pressed against the soft skin of her shoulder blades. It was ecstasy. 

Now on her back, she had more control. Her hips rose to meet her every stroke as she continued the plunging motion. One finger gave way to two as she caressed the inner lining of her body, rubbing the most sensitive spot she could find.

The strokes quickened. As her hand cupped to permit her fingers their path, her palm grazed her finely trimmed hair; each stroke causing a shiver to pass through her. 

Her hips began to buck into her hand as she approached orgasm, the blade now pressed firmly against her breast. The skin bulged to either side of the blade around her nipple as she took that final thrust with her hips. The heals of her feet were pressed against each other, permitting her leverage as she spread her legs open and thrust her hips to meet her hand. 

And with a final, forceful movement of her hips upward, she moaned with the reward of an amazing orgasm. Her body shivered and her breathing stopped for a moment as she drank in the moment. Then taking a gasp of much needed air, her hips fell to the carpet. Her panties were drenched in her own pleasure. Her breathing that had been exaggerated; began to steady. Her eyes opened to the achievement of her pleasure as a smile spread across her face. 

Her damp hand rose to her face as she collapsed, exhausted from the experience. In her mind she wondered if it was sick to enjoy the smell of her arousal; but she did. Her hand fell gently across her mouth, not licking or sucking her fingers, but enjoying the aroma of her sexuality as she clenched her eyes shut.

The blade slid softly to one side and came to rest on the carpet next to her. She stared up into the darkness wondering if her feelings for another woman were wrong. She thought of the men in her life that she loved deeply; father, cousins and friends. But when she needed to relieve her own sexual tension, her thoughts always turned to the sensation and imagination of another woman. Was this wrong? Certainly it shouldn't be this way. Yet she had always enjoyed the company of women; the banter and connection she had with them. Somehow she never had the same feelings when in the company of boys.

As she pondered her sexuality in the darkened room, lit only by the glow of her computer that had now fallen a bit darker due to her screen saver, a ping sound came from the laptop and screen returned to full brightness.

She rolled over to her desk and pulled herself to her knees, still wobbly from her self gratification. It was her email notification. A new message came through.

Moving a finger across the glide pad it dawned on her that her fingers were still damp from her own arousal. They left a streak of wetness across the glide pad. She shook off the thought long enough to read the message that had just arrived.

11:14 pm

From: MariaDiva100@ xxxx.xxx

To: FlaviaGraceLL@ xxxx.xxx

Subject: Sorry

Flavia,

Sorry I didn't respond earlier. My brother came home as a surprise. Didn't know his ship was in this week. Unexpected liberty.

Yes. I would love to study with you next week. I'm free Thursday from 2-4 then I have a 4pm class in Tyler Hall. After 5 I'd be free the rest of the evening. Let me know if either of those times work for you. (or both) :)

Hope to see you then.

Maria

With those simple paragraphs Flavia's heart stopped! All the self-depreciating thoughts she earlier had experienced faded away at the possibility of spending time with Maria. She could only hope that Maria had the same feeling about her.

She squeezed her eyes together, trying to decide how to respond. 'Is an immediate reply seem too forward? If I wait, will I lose the opportunity? God, get this out. I have to respond now!' she thought as she quickly began to type.

11:19 pm

From: FlaviaGraceLL@ xxxx.xxx

To: MariaDiva100@ xxxx.xxx

Subject: No Need to be Sorry!

Maria,

No problem. I was just getting ready for bed. Glad you got to see your brother. You'll have to tell me all about it on Thursday.

BTW 2-4 on Thursday is great. If we need more time, I'm free that evening too. Can't wait! Let me know on Monday where you want to meet. Maybe you can explain to me what Prof Martin was talking about today lol...

See you then,

Flavia.

The excitement boiled inside her as she finished the message and hit send. The anticipation of being alone with Maria, focused on her, spending time with her, and having her attention, made Flavia flush with anticipation. But it was a still several days away.

Throwing herself on her bed, she stripped off her wet panties and threw them on the floor with her other clothes before climbing under the covers. Squeezing her pillow as she tried to roll over to sleep, she realized she was too excited to sleep tonight. But eventually she drifted off, desiring a dream of Maria.

A STUDY DATE?

Flavia dashed out of the house, barely yelling her good-bye's as the screen door closed behind her. She was late for the blue line bus having spent far too long getting ready for this special day. It was the first spring day that actually felt like spring. Bounding onto the sidewalk, she jaywalked across the street toward a row of condos leading to the corner where she picked up the bus for campus.

Walking past her friend's condo, she noticed a row of freshly planted spring flowers that lined the sidewalk. She smiled gently to herself before passing the next condo where the yard was littered with outdoor toys and signs of childhood anarchy. The stark contradiction between the two households was duly noted in her mind as she glanced down to see in broad daylight the outfit she had selected. It was also a contradiction. 

Her dark gray clothing shouted anarchy while covering her soft flower like undergarments. 

Normally she didn't care what anyone thought about how she dressed; choosing to be seen as dark and stark over soft and frilly. But today was different. Thursday had come and she would soon be meeting up with Maria for coffee and some study time. 'I wonder what Maria thinks of the way I dress?" she mused to herself, pacing her steps to match the rhythm of seams in the sidewalk. 

With each block of the sidewalk passing beneath her, she became more intensely aware of how lonely she was. Guys didn't seem to understand her cold, aloof personality and girls didn't feel comfortable with her bold statement of wardrobe. While she knew she felt more comfortable around other women; they were the very ones who often misunderstood her the most.

'Maybe Maria will be different. Maybe she'll understand that I only dress this way to keep guys from getting too close,' she thought to herself as she walked along. 
