 This story was suggested to me by Bill and is about a Roman queen. It features lesbian domination and a bit of incest so if that's not your thing, don't read it. All characters are 18+ and enjoy!

The powerful Queen Arria smiled down from her throne at the two hooded figures cowering before her, hands tied behind their backs. "Remove their hoods and let them see their new ruler!" the voluptuous queen ordered to one of her guards. The man did as he was told, and the two unmasked prisoners in their rough tunics created a gasp from the crowd gathered in the imperial court.

Whispers spread about how this was Queen Turia and her daughter, Princess Sabrina, rulers of the recently conquered rival kingdom. Both had wavy brown hair and Sabrina had a similar build as her mother. Both prisoners had a cloth gag preventing them from speaking Queen Arria stood, her large breasts almost fighting to escape her robe and walked up to her prisoners and whispered, "I'm glad you two were captured alive... I've been needing more slaves."

Then to her court, the Queen announced, "Subjects! Today I happily announce that the war is over! I have ordered the servants to prepare a feast and the priests to give thanks to the gods! Let today be remembered as the day that I, your queen, conquered our enemies!" Arria smiled as a cheer went through the room as people rejoiced at the peace that took so long to achieve.

From the throne, Arria's 18-year-old daughter, Princess Minervina stands, her breasts and ass only lightly smaller that of her mother stood and walked next to her mother. "What will we do with the prisoners mother?" Minervina asks.

Arria gives a cruel smile, "Guards! Bring these two to the castle dungeon and put them in the same cell!" As Turia and Sabrina are lifted to their feet and prodded in the direction of the dungeon, Sabrina's eyes are filled with terror at what awaited them, while Turia looks on with indifference.

***

That night, Arria walked to the castle dungeon, passing many torture devices and restraints. Her large and proud breasts sway side to side as she walks. Finally reaching the entrance to the cells, the guards, who were previously playing a card game all snap to attention for their queen.

"At ease boys. Are the prisoners in their cell?"

"Yes my queen!" The guard leader answers, trying hard to hide the fact that they were distracted.

Arria smiles, "Good. Go back to what you were doing. I need to talk with the prisoners." One of the guards nods and gathers his keys off of the table and opens the cell door. He stands, blocking it after Arria walks in. She can feel his eyes scan her large and soft ass, but she always took that as a compliment.

Arria was a beautiful ruler even at 50, having dark hair, brown eyes and tanned skin. Her breasts were large, as was her ass. The queen had thick thighs from a lifetime of feasts and pleasure. She looked down at the two figures huddled together in the corner of the room.

Turia was the 'queen' of the conquered kingdom, about 50 years old with wavy brown hair, moderately sized breasts and a meduim sized ass. Turia's 20-year-old daughter, Sabrina was built in a very similar way. "Look at me!" Arria ordered, and the two women obeyed, Sabrina with terror in her eyes and Turia with a defiant look.

"Oh look. It's the whore Queen Arria. What are you going to do your majesty, sleep with us?" Turia asks sarcastically.

Arria smiles coldly, "Well I was actually thinking about what I was going to have you two do as slaves. I considered selling you as farm hands but I don't think that's degrading enough. I think you'll find what I chose to be much worse..." Arria motioned for the guards to lead them to another cell that she had prepared. This one had a wooden door, instead of metal bars. On the inside, it was decorated with carpets, several beds and couches and was warmly lit by candles.

"Wha... what's this?" Sabrina asks, terrified.

Arria smiles, "This is your new home for as long as I decide. I'm sure you'll grow to like it." Arria snaps her fingers and three guards grab Sabrina and drag her to the nearest bed. Her arms are tied to the bedposts, preventing her from escaping.

Turia opens her mouth to object, but realizes she's powerless. "Please don't hurt her... I'll do anything." She begs.

Arria smiles, "Now isn't that better? Like I said, I think you'll find this punishment much worse." Arria then gently removed one shoulder of her robe, followed by the other and allowed it to drop to the floor. Arria's breasts sag slightly and are topped with large, hard nipples. Her pussy is completely shaven and had soft inner lips protruding, but this was difficult to see because of her thick thighs. "Your job is to pleasure me and my daughter as we see fit. That is your only purpose until I decide otherwise. Failure to do so will get you punished. Do you understand?"

Turia grimaced but seeing her daughter helpless sighed, "I'll do as you command."

Arria smiles, "Good, now come pleasure me with only your mouth." The queen laid back on the nearest bed and spread her legs, giving Turia, Sabrina and all of the guards a view of her pussy. Arria did not care, she had slept with countless guards, nobles and foreign leaders. Turia kneels between Arria's legs and begins to lick at her moist pussy. Arria's juices begin to flow as Turia's tongue inexpertly works her clit and entrance. Arria moans softly in pleasure, "Make me cum..." She sighed, feeling an orgasm begin to grow. After several minutes of her moans becoming louder and louder, Arria finally cums, her cum almost instantly beginning to drool out of her. Turia begins to clean up the cum, even running her tongue over some of it that drooled over Arria's asshole.

After Arria recovers, she stands, "Well that wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. You're just going to have to get better at it." She picks up her robe and begins to dress back in it and begins to walk out of the room. Arria pauses before she leaves, and says, "Remember, do whatever me or my daughter ask of you and your daughter will be unharmed. Food will be brought here during meals."

Turia looked at her feet, ashamed, "Yes my queen."

Arria smiled, "That's it. Now, guards, you can untie Sabrina. You are not to do anything to my prisoners unless you are told to do it by me." With that, Queen Arria walked out of the room, already enjoying her victory.

***

After the guards left, Turia looks at her daughter, "Are you alright?"

Sabrina nods, "Yes mother. What about you?"

Turia gave her daughter a weak smile, "I've been better. Don't worry about anything. I'll keep you as safe as I can."

Sabrina smiles, "Thank you. I just hope we'll be free soon."

Turia put on a brave face, "So do I baby... so do I."

***

Minervina opens the door to the dungeon with a feeling of excitement. While sex was nothing new to the princess, she wanted to see what Turia could do as the new royal slave. Walking past the guards into the cell, Minervina smiles at the two prisoners. Turia asks, "Can I help you?"

Minervina smiles, "You actually can... you see I need release and think you can help with that."

Turia nods, "I know what you mean my lady."

Minervina nods, "Good, it seems like mother is teaching you slaves how to really behave. Now undress me!" Minervina stands still in the middle of the room while Turia makes her way over and begins to undress the princess. Turia felt her face go red in anger, why is this ignorant slut making me do this? She asks herself, but does the task at hand, waiting for a chance to get even.

As the robe falls to the floor, Turia takes in the 18-year-old princesses body. It is similar to that of her mother, tan, having large breasts topped with small brown nipples and a shaven pussy. Her large breasts are soft but ride high on her chest. Minervina's pussy was a mound and her inner lips were hidden. She had the same thick thighs from an easy life. "What now princess?" Turia asks.

Minervina smiles, "I'm going to lay back and you are going to pleasure me with your hands. After all... we have to make them fit for mother." Minervina lays back on the bed in the middle of the room, while Sabrina tries to be unnoticed in the corner.

Sabrina watches in curiosity as her mother begins to rub the young princess's mound. Sabrina had never been with a woman before, only men.

Soon, Minervina's juices begin to flow as Turia works her pussy and clit. Turia uses her one hand to work Minervina's clit and two fingers from her other hand to finger the other woman. Soon, Turia's fingers are coated in juices that also begin to drip out of Minervina. The princess's breathing grows heavy as she nears orgasm. "Are you going to cum my lady?" Turia asks.

Minervina opens her eyes and gasps out, "Yes... keep going..." Seconds later, she lets out a scream as her pussy feels more full than it ever has before, but this pushes the princess over the edge. Minervina's pussy contracts around Turia's fist, imbedded to the wrist in the younger woman. Turia smiles as she feels the younger womans cum coat her fist, some of the cum forced out of Minervina's tight snatch. Minervina's eyes are closed in a mixture of pleasure and pain as she tries to get used to this new feeling.

Suddenly the door slams open and Queen Arria stands in the doorway, next to a guard who is breathing heavily. "What is the meaning of this!? What are you doing to my daughter?" Arria yells.

Turia pulls her fist from Minervina, who gasps and touches her pussy, which now hangs open slightly. Minervina then stands, trying to cover her naked body in front of her mother. Minervina says, "I came down here for some pleasure and this... whore puts her fist inside me!"

Arria nods, "I see. Now Turia... remember what I said about listening?"

Turia goes pale, too focused on her revenge to think clearly, "Please your highness, it won't happen again. Whatever you do... please don't hurt Sabrina!"

Arria turns to Minervina who is partially dressed in her robes. Arria asks, "What do you think?"

Minervina looks at Turia, "Punish her, her daughter had no part in this."

Arria nods, "Turia... come with me!" Turria is then dragged by two guards out of the room, leaving Sabrina alone and more worried than before.

***

Queen Arria led the guards and Turia to the dungeon. "Tie her to the sawhorse!" The queen ordered, picking up a smooth wooden pole, two feet long and two inches wide. One end is rounded and the other is flat. Turia's tunic was cut from her body by one of the guards, the brown material falling to the floor. Turia's moderate breasts with large, pink nipples and bald pubic region were exposed. She tries to cover up her pussy by squeezing her upper thighs together and covering up with her hands.

The guards tug Turia's hands to her sides before leading her to the far side of the dimly lit room. Turia is tied face down on a wooden sawhorse, her legs spread, revealing both her asshole and shaven pussy. Turia's pussy has full outer lips with her soft inner lips protruding slightly past her outer ones. Turia's breasts dangle on either side of the sawhorse.

"You know what you did wrong?" Arria asks the naked and restrained woman.

Turia sighs, knowing she already was in deep enough trouble. "I know exactly what I did."

Arria nods, "Good, now you need to be punished to teach you a lesson." Arria then rubs the rounded end of the pole over Turia's pussy, spreading her outer lips with the rounded end of the pole. Turia moans loudly as she feels it slip inside her, only an inch or so at first. Slowly, Arria began to slide the pole in and out of her prisoner, causing the restrained Turia to moan loudly.

Turia's juices began to flow from the stimulation in her pussy as Arria picked up speed. Arria's large breasts shook from the motion of her arms. Turia's pussy lips would sink inside her then be tugged away from her body as the wooden pole slid in and out of her. Turia's moans reached a peak as she felt her orgasm brewing and Arria suddenly stopped, leaving the tool about 5 inches inside Turia. Turia's juices coat up to about the 7-inch mark and her pussy quivers, wanting more attention.

Queen Arria stands patiently, watching Turia closely. "Time for round two!" Arria happily says.

"Please no!" Turia begs, her plea falling on deaf ears. Arria once again began to slowly slide the pole into Turia's wet pussy, occasionally removing it all the way and rubbing the wet and dripping stick over Turia's clit. Turia's moans became louder as she nears orgasm and once again, Arria stops just before making her prisoner cum, removing the pole from Turia.

"You see what I'm doing yet?" Arria asks her prisoner, feeling Turia's soft ass, then working her hand between Turia's legs to feel her dripping mound.

"Please... just let me cum. I'll never do anything like that again. I swear." Turia begs.

Arria smiles cruely, "That was something to consider before abusing my daughter." Forgetting about the stick, Arria begins to finger her prisoner, Turia's drooling pussy taking three of her fingers with ease.

Turia begins to moan, her pussy on fire from being denied orgasm twice already. Arria's fingers are soon dripping with the same juices flowing from her conquered opponent's vagina. Arria expertly works Turia's pussy with her fingers, making sure to give attention to her clit. Turia's moans once again indicate that she is about to cum. Arria removes her fingers from Turia's pussy before inserting her fist inside of Turia. Turia squeals as this pushes her over the edge, her walls clamping down on Arria's fist.

Arria feels her hand be coated with Turia's cum and as Turia recovers, Arria removes her fist, wiping the cum and fluids off on Turia's back. "Bring her back to her cell!" Arria orders, as the guards hurry to untie Turia and carry out their queen's orders.

+++++

Sabrina looks up as guards toss her naked mother into the cell and slam the door closed behind her. Turia's thighs glisten with her cum and fluids. The young woman is shocked at seeing her mother naked, but her concern outweighs the shock. "What happened mother?"

Turia sighs and walks over to the bed, wrapping her body in a blanket to cover herself. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she once again sighs, "I was punished for my wrongdoing."

Sabrina sits next to her mother, trying to comfort her, "Just tell me what happened... if you think that will help."

Turia gives a small smile to her supportive daughter, "It isn't important what was done. All that matters now is we both do exactly what we're told to prevent this from happening again."

Sabrina nods, thinking, Not that I would have needed to be told that. This Queen Arria and her daughter seem so... strong. Sabrina says, "Don't worry mother... I wasn't planning on it."

+++++

Sabrina jumps out of her sleep as the door to the cell opens with a slam. Queen Arria and her daughter, Princess Minervina enter the room, their robes clinging to their generous breasts and coming to about the middle of their thighs. Minervina looks between the Sabrina and her mother, thinking for a second. "Alright... I've decided on my punishment for Turia. Lay back on the bed and remove your blanket!"

Turia does this under the careful eye of the two powerful women in the room. She lays face up on the bed, making sure to spread her legs. Turia's face turns red from being naked this close to her own daughter. A guard comes out from behind Queen Arria and her daughter and ties Turia's arms and legs to the bed posts.

Minervina says, "Now Sabrina!" Sabrina jumps slightly at the mention of her name, wondering what task the beautiful Minervina had for her.

"Yes my lady?" Sabrina asks.

"You are to show your mother how to properly treat me. Do you understand?" Minervina asks.

"I've never done this before but I'll try my best..." Sabrina says nervously, wanting to please her mistress.

Minervina smiles, "Good." The 18-year-old then undoes her robe, letting it fall to the floor. Minervina's large breasts with her small brownish nipples are the first part of her visible, followed by her stomach, followed by her mound, which concealed her soft inner lips. The robe then falls down, past her thighs to the floor. Queen Arria watches with mild interest from the corner of the room by the door.

Stepping out of her robe, Minervina then makes her way over to the bed and lays between Turia's much paler legs. The older woman felt the princess's warm back press against her pussy and struggled against her restraints. Minervina uses the older woman's legs as arm rests, before spreading her tan thighs.

Sabrina weighs her options for a second. She could follow in her mother's footsteps and try to resist and end up with a punishment or she could obey her new rulers. While walking to the foot of the large bed, Sabrina makes up her mind.

"Do you only want me to use my mouth your highness?" Sabrina asks.

Minervina thinks for a second before saying, "You can use your fingers too." Sabrina nods and crawls over her mother's pale leg and in between Sabrina's much tanner legs before examining the vagina before her. Minervina's dark outer lips were puffy and looked incredibly inviting to Sabrina.

Sabrina runs a single nervous finger over the lips, putting just enough pressure on them to part them slightly causing a soft moan to escape Minervina's lips. "That's it... tease me a bit..." Minervina sighs. Sabrina smiles and once again runs her finger over Minervina's mound, pausing to make a small circle around the younger woman's clit.

"You like that my lady?" Sabrina asks, feeling her own juices begin to flow from the excitement of being with another woman.

"Oh yes... you're doing a good job!" Minervina sighs. The door closes and both women look, seeing Queen Arria no longer in the room and a lone guard trying his best to avoid staring at the princess he swore to protect.

Sabrina turns her attention back to the woman before her, lowering her mouth over her mound. Sabrina lets her tongue explore Minervina's pussy, parting her lips and tasting her juices. Sabrina enjoys the sweet taste of another woman, enjoying listening to Minervina's moans of pleasure. Sabrina tries something that might get her in trouble. She moves her mouth away from Minervina's pussy and takes one of her brown nipples into her mouth and begins to suck. Sabrina's fingers continue to circle the princess's clit. Minervina gasps in surprise as her nipple begins to get sucked, but makes no effort to stop it.

Sabrina looks into the princess's eyes as she pulls away, leaving Minervina's nipple covered in her spit. Sabrina inserts two tentative fingers into Minervina, causing the girl to moan. Sabrina's fingers are quickly covered in Minervina's flowing juices. "You like that?" Sabrina asks.

"Yes... keep going!" Minervina moans quietly as Sabrina slowly works her pussy.

Turia shakes her head in disgust at her daughter, "Sabrina listen to me! Stop doing this, you owe her nothing! I'm your mother and you will obey..." Turia's outburst is cut short by the guard putting a gag in her mouth.

Minervina opens her eyes and looks at Sabrina, "Faster... make me cum..." She moans. Sabrina picks up speed, sliding her finger in and out of Minervina fairly fast now, splattering some of her juices onto the bed and Minervina's soft thighs.

Minervina cries out in pleasure as she cums, her walls clamping down hard on Sabrina's fingers. Sabrina looks up at the beautiful and full bodied princess. Minervina's eyes are closed and her face is contorted in pleasure. Sabrina feels her fingers become coated in the younger woman's cum, the warm white liquid slowly beginning to ooze out of the princess. The white cum contrasts greatly with her tan skin. Sabrina removes her fingers from Minervina and more of the cum drools out, sliding down Minervina's wet snatch.
