 Growing up in a classy neighborhood, Christina and Jessica had the best of everything and never had to worry about anything. Christina and Jessica lived across the street from one another on Birdland Dr. in Maryland. Both girls were born on Birdland around the same time birthdays being almost identical, only days apart. Living in the wealthiest part of Marrie, Maryland the two girls took most things for granted .

Jessica and Christina were both only 18 at the time of the incident and in their Junior year of high school. By being eighteen both girls had cars, friends and were also popular because even though they were wealthy, they were humble and naturally sweet people. Jessica a beautiful blond bombshell, only at 5'5 never fully realized the extent of her beauty. Christina was the opposite of her best friend, a red-head with grey-green eyes at a height of 5'9 towered over friend who loved her just the same.

Now before getting to the full content of the story let me tell you a little bit more about the girls...

Jessica as said previously is a beautiful blond bombshell, with jet black eyes, a hourglass figure with slightly protruding hips and beautiful large breasts about the size of softballs, and smooth shapely legs. Perfect, creamy, soft-white skin.

Christina on the other hand is the opposite of her beautiful friend, although still extremely gorgeous. At 5'9 and 125 lbs. Christina is a statue of loveliness with small orange sizes tits, a narrow athletic frame with just enough curves to appear womanly. Hair all the way down her back just barely reaching her ass, and a slight olive tan and a large round heart shaped ass.

By both girls growing up together on the same street right across from one another they stayed inseparable friends that always hung out together. So one Sunday afternoon is where the story begins...

" Hey baby girl how are you doing?" asked Christina when she saw her friend get out of her car.

"Oh im pretty good ya know how it goes. Geordie came over last night. He said he wants me to be his girlfriend and that it was time for our relationship to start developing and maturing into something new and better."

"So what did you say?"

"What was there for me to say? I told him I was speechless and that his idea sounded pretty good and that I would take it into consideration.'

"Ohhhhhhh."

"Well what else was I supposed to say Christina? No?! No I couldn’t I just was tongue tied. What am I supposed to do, you know Jonathan asked me out yesterday and I told him yeah.?!"

"Well I think you should go out with Jonathan, I mean Geordie is the first guy you’ve ever gone out with and I think you need to play out your options right now. I think Jonathan is a good change, besides he's beautiful and from what I’ve heard he has a huge cock.!!!"

"Really? Damn, I didn’t know but now that I do..."

laughing the girls go inside to change into their bathing suits and get ready for a dip in the pool.

"Hey Christina, I love your new bathing suit, were did you get it from?"

"I don’t know my mom picked it up while her and my step-dad where in Greece. But thanks"

"Yeah no problem, you'll look totally awesome in it ."

Undressing in front of each other the girls take off all their clothes to put on their bathing suits.

Sitting on the bed naked Jessica starts to lather up her legs and stomach with tanning oil, when Christina starts to dressed . Bending over to pull the bikini bottoms of her bathing suit on Christina is totally unaware of her friends staring at her beautifully round bottom. As Jessica is admiring Christina's firm round ass, she starts to stroke her pouty, bare pussy lips while her friend bends over. not realizing what she's doing Jessica continues to touch herself. Christina slowly turns around speaking to Jessica bringing her out of her dream-state like trance .

"So what do you think?"

"God, C you look so beautiful, if I were a dude id fuck you on the spot!!!!"

"Wow, really? You really think so?"

"Hell yeah girl you look fuck-tastic!"

"Thanks, you don’t look bad yourself."

"What are you talking about I haven’t even gotten dressed yet?"

"Yeah I know, but your so beautiful you look great in everything. And I love how you have your whole pussy shaved bare. I only trim it enough so that no hair shows through my suit."

"Yeah you like it", Jessica says, while stroking her bare mound. "I'll do yours for you if you like?"

"Yeah, will you?"

"Sure C, lets go over to my house I have some stuff there.'

Putting on there bathing suits quickly the girls walk over to Jessica’s house . Being that no ones home. Jessica offers to do it in the main bathroom where there’s plenty of room to move around.

"Okay just sit down in that chair by the double sinks. I have to get the stuff out of my room, I’ll be right back"

Walking to her room, Jessica grabs her favorite waxing gel and hurries back down to the main bathroom to attend to her best friends pussy.

"Okay are you ready for me to start?"

"Yeah sure, go for it I’ve always trusted you."

"Good that’s what I wanted to hear. Now first I have to clip the hair on your pussy. So go ahead and take off your bottoms and we can get started."

"Okay, cool."

Getting up form the chair she was sitting in, Christina slowly slides her shorts over her beautifully ,thick hips following the same procedure with her bikini bottoms. Sitting back down in the chair, Christina slides her lush ass to the front of the chair sitting with her pussy right over the edge and in clear reach of her friend. 

Watching Christina position herself in the chair, Jessica reaches into the bathroom cabinet and grabs some small, sharp, cutting shears she knows her mother keeps in the bathroom for the exact same purpose. Walking over to Christina, Jessica looks into her friends sensual eyes and kneels down in front of her friend and spreads the girls thighs wider getting her ready for the cutting. Clipping all the hair on Christina's young, sweet, virginal pussy Jessica gets up to grab her waxing kit.

Watching Jessica get up from between her spread thighs, Christina sighs wondering if her friend has yet noticed her arousal. 

As she moves across the room Jessica thinks about how soft and lush her friends pussy will be when her job is down. Grabbing her kit Jessica walks back to her friend, kneeling down in front of her getting her wax ready.

"Now Christina this may hurt a little bit at first but you'll get used to it and you'll barely feel it."

"Okay, im sure it wont hurt to bad."

Getting the wax and strips ready Jessica begins to wax her best friends tender pussy lips, watching her as she slightly flinches when she pulls the first couple strips off. continuing her waxing Jessica is soon finished on her friends pussy and begins to rub off the excess wax left over with a soft, warm, cotton wash cloth generously stroking the newly bare flesh. Pretending to be cleaning off wax Jessica slips her hand into her friends inner pussy lips slowly, rubbing up and down them hitting Christina clit on every up stroke. 

Christina starts to moan wondering if her friend knows what she’s actually doing to her tender, wet, fully aroused cunt. Standing up from her friend Jessica tells her there’s a special lotion she needs to rub into her pussy to keep her from chaffing or itching with prevents the hair from coming back as quickly.

As her friend is getting the lotion Christina opens her thighs slightly more and starts to stroke her inner flesh, feeling the new profound softness of her own cunt. loving the new feeling Christina slips her fingers deep into her pussy stimulating her tender nerves and caresses her hard, long, pink clit rubbing it between her first and fore-finger stretching and pulling on it till she notices her friend start to turn around.

Turning around Jessica notices the flushed look on her friends face and asks her if she is okay.

"Yeah im fine I was just appreciating the wonder work you did on my pussy it feels so good, i’ve never ever done anything like this before but I think this is something id love to keep down. Next time will you show me how to do it?"

"Sure, anything you want! Are you ready for me to rub this into your mound?"

"Yeah im ready."

Hoping her friend doesn’t notice her aroused state ,she lets her start rubbing the silky lotion into her bare pussy lips and cunt. Loving the feeling Christina starts to moan slightly when she notices her friends fingers slip between her full, bright, engorged, hot lips. Noticing how aroused her friend is Jessica slips her fingers into her friends pussy caressing the silky, wet walls of her pussy. Feeling the juices dripping down the girls pussy Jessica leans forward, opening up her friends pussy . Jessica slowly licks her slit from top to bottom tasting the creamy smooth nectar running out of the girls pussy and slowly eats them up nibbling on her clit and sliding two then three fingers into her honey pot.

Feeling her friend start to lick her pussy Christina opens her legs wider leaning against the back of the chair, pulling her friends head into her steaming pussy and shudders lightly as the girl in front of her whom she’s known for so many years eats out her tasty pussy. Enjoying the feelings and the hit of desire she’s experiencing Christina grabs the back of her friends head pulling her into her pussy, as she feels the pending orgasm upon her. 

Feeling her friends pussy walls start to clamp around her fingers, Jessica increases the hurried frenzy of her tongue on Christina's clit gently biting and chewing it.

Loving the sensations her friend is placing on her pussy Christina's orgasm pulses through her whole entire being and takes her to the very top of her peaking passions as she comes so hard she squirts her love juices into her friends mouth with an unexpected ferocity.

Not expecting the harshness of her friends orgasm Jessica greedily laps up all of the nectar flowing into her open mouth swallowing down the sweet cum.

Leaning back from her orgasm, Christina opens her eyes and looks down in front of her at her best friend who gazes back at her with loving eyes and starts to wonder where this new found relationship will take the two.

Something beautiful and exciting hopefully ...

more to come in the near future, please let me know what you think of my story, all criticism is welcomed and I'd love to hear form you...