 This is my first story, judge as harshly as you want. I am still figuring out the editing stuff so sorry for my mistakes. If you like it enough, I'll make 2 more parts.

*****

For a year now I've been looking at one girl in particular. I've always known I was a lesbian, and when the time came to come out it was easy. Most of my relatives knew before I came out. Now that you know my history it is time to get back to the one girl I love. I'm pretty average. I'm 5'8" with black hair and dark brown eyes, you can't see the pupils they are that dark. I'm pretty but not pretty enough to make girls jealous. I have an athlete's body.

From the first day I laid eyes on her, there was something there that no one could possibly understand. Her name was Elizabeth, but everyone called her Liz. She was open about her sexuality, which made her even more attractable. She is about 5'7" with dirty blonde, shoulder length hair. But it's her eyes that caught my attention, there were this green. A green you would only see in a box of crayons. Her body was next, it was the same build as me athletic, her breast I would bet are a 36C, compared to my 32A.

Living in a small town in Virginia, people knew everyone, and people were accepting of everyone. I've always been attractive to girls, and I've slept with few, but those relationships never lasted more than a few months. But something about Liz make my stomach flutter with just a smile.

Now time to go back to today. For Liz it was just another Friday. Finishing up paperwork at the office, but to me today is the day I ask her out. I knew when she liked to take her break because it was around the same time I took mine. There she was she looked ever so gorgeous. She turns and says: "Hey Molly, can I get you a cup of coffee?" I gladly accepted. I was pleased she was in a good mood because the question came out.

"So Liz there has been a question I'd been meaning to ask you for a while now"

"What is it?"

"I was hoping I could take you out to dinner after work."

"That sounds wonderful; you want to meet back here when we are both done?"

"Sure, see you then."

I can't believe it. I finally did it. I got a date with the prettiest girl in the world. I normally don't date coworkers but fuck it I wanted Liz so bad I was willing to break any rule in the book. The rest of the day was painful. I kept picturing Liz, naked and in bed with me. Just the thought made me wet. Finally the day has come to an end. I go back to the break room and wait for Liz. It's only 6 o'clock. I sit there, about 10 minutes pass by and I start to wonder if she is going to stand me up. Another 5 minutes go by. I start to pack up thinking she is going to stand me up, but on my way out I hear something, "Molly wait up." I stop dead in my tracks, to turn. There she is in her work outfit, but with the sun at its position she looks like an angel. "Sorry I'm late; I got caught up in some stupid paperwork." I respond, "Its fine"

We take my care and head to a little hole in the wall. Taking out seats I tell Liz, "I'm glad you were willing to go out with me."

"If it makes you feel any better I've had a crush on you since I started to work at the office."

"Really? Because I had a crush on you too."

That was the moment when I knew we would be together forever. After that conversation we order. Throughout the meal we talked; not just small talk, but about everything. From, where we grew up; to our ex-girlfriends. It wasn't awkward at all, oddly enough. When I arrived back at her car, we kissed, but a light kiss. When we separated I saw hunger in her eyes, I bet she saw hunger in my eyes. Next thing I knew we were kissing again, but more intensely. I was starting to get wet. I broke it up.

Why did you stop, didn't you want this?

Of course I do, but not in my car. Why don't we go back to my place?

Sounds fine with me.

Thankfully I only live 3 miles away, or else I would've offered to stop at a hotel or go to her place. As soon as we enter my apartment we were kissing again, clothes flying in every direction. I lead her into my bedroom. 

For a few minutes we were trying to be the superior one. I won, only thanks to my Pilates classes. I pinned Liz's arm to the bed while I kissed my way down to her beautiful breasts. I started to suck on the nipples, Liz let out a soft moan. I released her arms so I could feel her mound. That small touch, Liz let out another moan, only this time it was louder. I began to go down, every little kiss Liz let out a moan getting louder and louder as I felt her slit. I made my way down to Liz's legs. Licking Liz's pussy was probably the best thing I tasted. Her little moans turned to silent gasps of pleasure. I remove my finger from her pussy, not realizing I had inserted it in the first place. I stick my tongue in, while rubbing her clit. She makes a sound followed by her moaning, "Molly you're going to make me cum... don't stop I'm going to... aarrggghhh," that was as far as she got until her juices started to explode out of her.

As I was cleaning up her juice I see her turn. Then I realized she didn't turn. But she flipped me on to my back. Liz takes her middle finger and sticks it up my pussy. I feel an orgasm is going to explode while she finger fucks me. Instead of slowing down she added a second then a third finger. I'm coming onto an orgasm when she starts to suck my pussy. "Liz don't stop, put you tongue, ahhhh" I orgasm, but that isn't the only thing I do, I'm also squirting. That doesn't faze Liz; she just keeps on sucking it up until it ended.

We cuddle and talk again. She asks, "So what does this make us?"

"It makes up whatever you want it to be."

"Good, because I don't want this to be the only time I get to see you naked. But on one condition..."

I sit up concerned, "what?"

"You have to come to my place next time," she responds.