 "I bet he has a big dick."

I choked on my lemonade. "What?!" I knew Candace like to voice her opinion, but I wasn't expecting that.

"He probably has a big dick. It would make a lot of sense," She said nonchalantly adjusting her white bikini top accentuate her tan skin.

I set my drink down and looked at her. I lowered my sunglasses to let her see my stern, green eyes. "What do you mean?"

She sighed. "The way you describe him. It just sounds like he is packing. Do you think anyone can see us right now?" She started looking around the backyard.

I removed my sunglasses completely. "How do I describe him?"

She stands up still looking. "Like a fucking stud. I think the fence is high enough. I don't think anyone can see us."

I was utterly confused. "What are you talking about?" 

She looks at me. "I want to tan nude, Jenn. I hate tan lines and I don't want any peeping Toms. Do you mind?" she asks not waiting for an answer as she unties the string around her neck.

"No. About James: How is he a stud?"

Her bikini falls and her tits are completely exposed. I had always been jealous of them. She was a full D-cup, perky, and her natural tan, it just wasn't fair. "Everything about him sounds like a stud." She takes of the rest of her top and lets it slowly fall off her fingertips to the side. "I think the left is a little bigger than the right," she says cupping and lifting her beautiful bosom. "What do you think?"

I was getting annoyed. "They are perfect as always. Can you stop playing with them and talk to me, be more specific. What is it that makes him a stud?"

She let them go and stares at me. Her brown eyes matching the few freckles sprinkled across her nose only a few shades darker than her skin. "Where to begin?" She says playfully as she lies back down. "You say he is confident, but not cocky. He doesn't try too hard. He isn't overcompensating. He doesn't need to because he has a huge fucking dick." She lifts her hips into the air. Her beautiful booty barely making it off of the seat and slides her bikini bottoms towards he knees. "You say he is funny, but not over the top. He doesn't force anything; it just seems natural. He just says what he is thinking without any fear because he is sure of himself because he has a huge fucking dick." She lifts her legs in the air in a surprisingly sexual manner, straight up, and slowly slides her bottoms all the way off. "You say he is in shape, but not a muscle bound asshole. He doesn't need to be. He doesn't have to overcompensate because he has a huge fucking dick." She spreads her legs and straddles the chair. "You say he is laid back and never seems rattled or nervous. He is always sure of himself. Why is he sure of himself?"

"Because he has a huge fucking dick!" I squeal a little too excited and almost jumped out of my seat. I surprised myself. That wasn't like me at all. I am a good girl. I've always been proud of that.

She laughs. "Now you get it." Looking back towards the clear blue sky she says, "Oh, my God! That breeze feels amazing on my pussy." She begins moving her hips in slow circles to let the breeze make full contact. I notice she is completely shaven down there. Seeing her naked body was intimidating. She was perfect. Like a walking sex goddess. Her dark brown hair messily laying on the head of the chair, and just a few drops of sweat on her flat, sexy stomach. Her long, tan legs connecting seamlessly to her tight round ass. I have spent many hours wishing I looked like her. She stops and catches me admiring her body. "Why don't you get out of that, too? No one is looking." She smiles dangerously.

"I just...I um...I don't really see the point. I mean I have been tanning just as long as you this summer and all I have managed to do is get sunburnt twice." It was true. My Irish heritage made it impossible for me to tan. "Alas, I guess I will always be a pasty ginger."

"Just take your clothes off and don't make me do it for you." I wish I could have the confidence she does to just tell someone to get naked like that. I don't know why I was doing it, but I slowly stood up and got undressed. I untied my yellow polka-dotted bikini and laid it on the ground next to me, not nearly as sexily as Candace had. My B-cups looked like a child's compared to Candace. I hated comparing the two of us. She won in every way. 

"I wish I was as tiny as you," she states. Is that a hint of jealousy in her voice? Why would she be jealous of me?

"What?! Are you kidding me? I would kill for your body." I started to gain a little confidence leaning over and rhythmically removing my bikini bottoms.

"Yeah, but you are so skinny. I wish I was as skinny." It was true. Even though Candace and I were the same heigh: about 5'4". She out weighted me by 20 lbs, although, it was all ass and tits. Soaking wet, I was 105 lbs after lunch.

"I would take 10 pounds from you if you could put them in my tits."

"What you talking about? Your tits are fine," she said almost as if it was rehearsed.

"They are so small next to yours."

"They are not small!" I could tell by the way she looked away she didn't really mean that. "Well, James seems to like their size at least, doesn't he?"

I giggled like a schoolgirl. "I don't know."

"What do you mean 'I don't know?'"

"Well, he hasn't seen them yet," I say honestly and a little coy.

She sits up in surprise. "What, you two haven't fucked yet? How many dates has it been?" She seemed so interested now.

"Two. Tonight will be three."

"FUCK HIM ALREADY!" She was adamant. "You have a guy who is probably hung like Zeus, and I bet you are just talking about how many cats you want to have when you get married, and the exact color of the fence in the front yard, and the names of your 2.4 children. Fuck that, Jenny! Fuck him!"

I felt my skin going red. I can't believe what I was hearing. Well, coming from Candace, yeah, I could, but still that wasn't something you just shout in the middle of the afternoon. "I'm sorry I don't fuck every guy who says I'm attractive like you do. I like to take time. I like to wait until a few dates in."

She was a little angry, but knew I was joking with her. "Well three is a few, isn't it?" she smiled. "You won't regret it. I know this guy is gotta be fucking huge. If he isn't I will hook you up with my fuck buddy, Daniel. He, too, has been blessed by the Cock Gods." Her smile turned into a wink.

I laugh again. "I think I will pass on the bet, but I think I will sleep with him." 

"Oh, you two won't be sleeping," she said relaxing back in her chair as if she had done her job. 

Now, I was thinking about James fucking me...with a huge cock...pounding my tight pussy...Holy fuck! I could feel my pussy getting wet, and yes that breeze felt amazing. I thought about rubbing my clit right there. No. What was wrong with me? I am a good girl. I don't do that sort of thing. That's disgusting. "Candace?" I ask fearfully.

"Yeah, you prude," she answers with a smile on her face and her sunglasses back on.

"What does a big penis feel like?"

Silence. I just hear her head turn to look at me. She removes her sunglasses. "What?"

I just look at her embarrassed. "I have never had one that was, you know, big." I was being completely honest.

She looked almost dumfounded. "Really?" She looked like I had just told her I had seen Bigfoot.

"Yeah. I haven't had one. I am not very promiscuous, you know. I just haven't been with one."

"How many guys have you fucked?" 

Oh my, that was really personal, but staring at my lustful friend I could help myself, I just said, "three."

"You are 24 years old and you have only fucked three guys? Didn't you go to college?" I knew she was being rhetorical; we met sophomore year.

"I have always been a relationship kind of girl." I was feeling really inadequate right now. Candace has probably fucked a football team full of guys and I could count mine on one hand and still have enough fingers to put in my earrings.

"You are so cute." She was patronizing me, but I didn't care. At least I wasn't a whore, but I'm not going to say that out loud. "I have just realized we have been friends for four years and we still haven't talked about the guys we've fucked."

She was right. I mean, we have talked about cute guys all the time, but never about us having sex with them. Other things have always been more important. "Do you want to right now?"

"Fuck, yes!" She was really getting into this. "I want to hear about how dirty you really are. I bet you are a kinky little slut." She looked at me with great interest. I don't know why, but when she called me a slut I felt somewhat validated. I wanted her to call me it again.

I was beat red. I had no idea we were going to talk about this today. "You want me to start?" I was shocked how fast this conversation got to this.

"Yeah, since you only have three, lets get those out of the way." There was still a sense of patronization in her voice. "Tell me about your first."

"Oh, um. Okay." I had never told anyone about this, but looking at Candace's huge tits and sexy body inspired me to be a bit more sexual. "Well his name was Jacob."

"Ooooooo!" She was being a complete bitch about this. Her hands were under her chin mocking me.

I stuck my tongue out and kept going. "We dating from sophomore year of high school until the summer before college."

"High school sweet hearts? Awwwww!" She held her hands to her left tit symbolizing her heart, but I just saw them bounce. Why was she so sexy? I can't believe we are naked right now!

"Fuck you. We dated and then the night of junior prom we went to a hotel at the beach and—"

"You dated for a year and didn't fuck?"

"We were 15 when we met! We were 16 when we did it. Jesus, you slut!" She was getting annoying now. I may be inexperienced, but I am not ignorant. "How old were you when you lost it?"

"15," she said without missing a beat. "This guy named Shane. He was a senior. Started dating halfway through freshman year, and he turned me into a sex fiend." How was she so open about this? Still, it was hot. I wanted to hear about her getting fucked. Why was it so hot? "He wasn't the biggest guy, but for a high schooler, boy, could he fuck. First time we did it was in my bedroom, while my parents were asleep down the hall. He snuck in the window and told me he wanted to fuck me tonight! I had been giving him blowjobs whenever he asked for about two weeks: in his room, in his car, in the band room bathroom, in the movie theater."

Oh, my god! I was getting so wet thinking about Candace blowing some guy in a public place: the thrill of not knowing if you are going to get caught, some guy's dick sliding through her luscious lips, maybe hitting the back of her throat or even sliding down it making her gag. I looked down at my seat and a small puddle was forming of my pussy juice, and maybe a little sweat. Candace kept talking lost in thought.

"But that night he crawled through my window and told me I was going to fuck him, and I did. He didn't ask. He just said I was going to. It was amazing. He ate me out and got me really wet, then slid his dick in me and just went at it. He didn't last long, maybe five, six minutes, but it was an amazing five, six minutes. I didn't cum, but it still felt great. We fucked like every day or every other day for a few months. Once I figured out how to cum, you couldn't get me off his dick." She began biting her lips and I realized that I was biting mine. My nipples were erect and by the looks of it, so were hers. She was lost in the thought of having her then virgin pussy pounded. "Sorry, I got carried away. Tell me about Jacob."

I snapped back to reality. "Oh, well we spent the night in a hotel and we did it."

"Was it good? How big was he? Details!"

I laughed. "Average, I guess. Maybe a little less than 6 inches. He was good, not great." I could see her letting it all in.

She didn't speak right away. After a few moments she said, "Okay. What about number two?"

"Michael." I was feeling a bit more open now that I knew Candace was getting just as turned on by all of this. "I met him freshman year of college. I was actually dating him when we met. You remember? He was about the same in bed as Jacob: just average all around."

"Oh Michael....Yeah I remember him." She made that twisted grin again. "I fucked him about a week after you two broke up."

"YOU BITCH!" I threw my towel at her playfully.

"I'm sorry. He was talking to me about you at a party and we just, you know, did it." She didn't sound sorry, but I wasn't really mad. We had broken up after all. "But, yeah. He was just average. Nothing special. How did you date that for three years?"

"Oh my God, Candace! Date that? He is a person, you know. Guys are more than just lays."

"What are you talking about, girl? The only thing they are good for is dick." She says it like it is obvious.

"Whatever." I didn't feel like arguing with her. I was too turned on to argue. "The last guy was Tom. We met right after graduation. He was a bit smaller: five inches tops."

"Aww," Candace smirked. "I feel bad for him."

"But he could eat me out like none of the other guys." I said trying to validate him for some reason.

"Good for him," I could tell she didn't care.

"So, tell me about some of yours. What does a big dick feel like?" I really wanted to know. I just wanted to hear Candace talk about getting fucked. It was turning me on so much.

"Well..." she smiled. "My first 'Big' cock was senior year of high school. Now, I had fucked about 15 guys at that point. Some good, some bad, but then I met Darius. He was a wide receiver on our rival's football team. We met at a party. He was about 6'2" and skinny, but in shape. He was dancing with me all night, and I kept feeling something in his crotch. I though he was hard the whole time, but I was wrong. After about an hour of me grinding on him, he grabbed me and said he was going to take me into the bedroom and make me scream!" She licks her lips. "My panties got soaked from just his words. He led me up the stairs and to the bedroom. He ripped of my top and threw me on the bed. He started unbuttoning his pants, and slowly slid them off. I was rubbing my pussy through my thong just watching him strip. I saw the base and it was nice and thick, but then it kept going...and going...and going...You enjoying yourself?" 

I just realized what I was doing. I had been rubbing my clit to her story. I was masturbating in front of my best friend in broad daylight in the middle of the afternoon. What the fuck was wrong with me? I don't do that stuff. "Sorry," I said moving my hands from my pussy. I could see the moisture on my fingers and it didn't help the situation.

"Don't be sorry," Candace said to my surprise. "It's fucking hot watching you get off. Keep going if you'd like." Oh, my! Candace was really naughty, but then again, so am I apparently. 

"Are...Are you sure?" I didn't know exactly what to do.

"Oh, yeah. I might join you," She said licking her fingers before rubbing her own clit. "Mmmmm."

Fuck, she knew what she was doing. Starting off in slow circles, her breathing changed pace. "C'mon, keep going." She commanded as she starting speeding up.

I followed, rubbing just as she did, and she went back to her story. "He finally let the whole thing out and it slapped against his stomach. It went way past his belly button. Had to be about 10 inches. Mmmm. I won't lie, I was nervous for the first time in my life, but fuck I wanted it inside me. I was so wet from how sexy he was and the alcohol. He slowly slid it inside of me. It was the greatest thing I have ever felt. My pussy was stretching more than I have ever felt before."

I was rubbing faster. My body began moving back and forth acting like it was trying to get fucked. I was so turned on just picturing her getting fucked by a stud.

"You know how it feels when you get stretched? Well when you get stretched far enough it turns into a whole different sensation. Like there is another G-spot deep inside your pussy walls. I was cumming just as he was putting it in." 

She stops. She rubs her clit faster, and I do too. We begin moaning in unison, as we make eye contact. This is one of the sexiest things that I have ever seen. Candace: this sex Goddess, moaning and rubbing her clit. I bit my lips and she begins thrusting her hips back and forth slightly. I was going to cum just watching her, but I couldn't cum first that would have been embarrassing. "What happened next?" I had to know.

"Finally got it all the way in. It took him a couple tries, but holy fuck! There is a spot deep in your cunt that only a big dick can hit, and when he hits you...oh, you will scream. I don't care if you are a screamer or not, you are when he starts hitting that spot. In that moment, nothing else matter other than his huge cock pounding your pussy. Fuck, I'm cumming!" And she was. I saw some of her juices start dripping down her finger and pushed me over the edge.

"Uggghhhhh!" I let out, as I came too. After about 15 seconds of orgasm, she stands up and walks to my chair. My face directly in front of her dripping pussy, she puts her hand on the back of my head, but doesn't move it. I know what she wants, and I am willing to give it. I had been tempted to do this the whole time she was talking. I move my mouth to her clit and wrap my lips around it. I tasted her juices. It was the most interesting tasting thing I have ever experience. I could taste the vanilla of her tanning oil mixed with a salty, sweet taste of fruit. 

I then begin licking her clit slowly in a pattern I always love mine to be licked.

"Oh, fuck! Girls, always do it better," she pants out in the midst of her pleasure. I immediately felt a strange mixture of pride and jealousy. I was thrilled I was doing a good job pleasing my gorgeous friend, but at the same time jealous that other girls had been here before, apparently. I wanted to get her off so badly now. I wanted to be the best little pussy eater she has ever had. What was going on with me? I had never pictured myself doing something like this especially in these circumstances, but I was so turned on by her stories. I wanted to show her I could be dirty, I could be a little slut, too.

I run my hands up her thighs and feel the moisture of a light sweat. My tongue moves more rhythmically now and I begin a sucking motion on her clit. This was such and amazing experience. I knew exactly what she was feeling, and thinking about it was getting me wetter. She began thrusting into my mouth. I ran my hands across her ass. It was firm, yet soft and just so curvy. I sucked harder and licked even faster.

"FUCK! You are amazing. Uggghhh!" she moans loudly as she pressed my head into her pussy and I feel her begin to cum. I feel more of her juices begin flowing, coating my tongue. I kept licking until her orgasm finally subsided.

She then sits down and puts my hand in her mouth and starts sucking on my finger licking up all of my juices. 

"Yummy." She smiles and then puts her finger in my mouth and I taste her again. 

"Mmmmmm." I smile and lick it all up as she does mine. She is miming a blowjob with each of my fingers. I can feel her tongue swirling. No wonder guys love her so much. I need to let her teach me how she does it so good sometime. Then she leans in and kisses me. She was the best kisser. I was in total shock of what was going on I just let it happen. Her tongue dances around mine, and I follow. Her hand presses against my tit and let out a moan. What was going on? I have never kissed a girl before. I have never eaten a girl out. I have never even thought about it. I don't do this. Why was I so horny right now? I grab hers. It was firm and soft: so much more fun to play wit than my little mosquito bites. Her kissing gets more passionate. He hands wrap around me and she lays me back. I feel her hot, sweaty body pressed against me. Her pussy still aroused rubbing against mine. I was getting off again. She began moaning and thrusting. Apparently, she was too. We moaned and kissed until I was about to cum, and then she stops. 
