 It had been two months since Matt, Megan, and Danielle had returned to Washington, DC. The three continued seeing each other, spending lots of time together and having incredible sex. Some things had changed for the three. Megan had transferred and now worked with Danielle in the World Food Programme logistics office. Matt had transferred to a new position within the World Bank, now as a financial auditor. One of the perks - and downsides - of the new position was that Matt was now required to travel at least once a month. 

Such was the case as the week came to a close. Matt was on a business trip to Santiago, Chile. The World Bank had recently loaned 12.5 million dollars to the South American nation to help improve poor neighborhoods, but the number of houses was not matching World Bank projections, so Matt had been sent to figure out where the money was going. Unfortunately, neither Megan nor Danielle could get the time off work to go with him. 

Megan and Danielle, like all other government employees, were eagerly awaiting the arrival of five o'clock. It was Friday, and the women couldn't wait to get their weekend started. Five o'clock finally rolled around. Megan and Danielle logged out of their computers and shut them down, grabbed their totes, and headed to the elevators along with all their coworkers. They crammed into the elevators and were relieved when the doors opened on the ground floor. They exited the building. 

"Hey, since Matt's out of town, do you wanna hang out?" Megan asked.

"Of course!" Danielle smiled. "Why don't we have dinner? Do you wanna go out or eat in?"

"I'm not a big fan of going out. Let's eat in," Megan suggested. "How about you come over, and I'll make dinner? How does shrimp scampi sound?"

"That sounds amazing," Danielle said. "I'll bring the booze!"

"Perfect," Megan said. "See you in a couple hours?"

"Sounds good," Danielle said.

"And you have a key now, so just let yourself in when you get there."

She gave Megan a quick peck on the lips and headed to the Farragut North Metro Station. She boarded the Red Line train headed northwest toward Shady Grove. She had five stops to go before she reached her stop, Van Ness-UDC. From the station it was about a block to her one bedroom apartment. She unlocked the door, entered, and tossed her tote on the floor. She peeled her clothes off and jumped in the shower. 

Megan had headed in the opposite direction, towards Farragut West. She boarded the Blue Line train towards Franconia-Springfield. Nine stops later she exited the train at the Braddock Road station and walked the short distance to her apartment at The Bradley. She and Matt rented a two bedroom, two bathroom unit on the second floor. It was a spacious 1100 square feet with an ultramodern feel. Megan put her tote down on the couch on the kitchen island and turned on the oven. She grabbed the loaf of Italian bread that was on the counter. She cut in half, then sliced it lengthwise. She spread butter and garlic on it, then placed it in the warm oven. Then she went to shower. Fifteen minutes later she was back in the kitchen. She was just finishing dinner when she heard the door unlock. 

"Honey, I'm home!" Danielle called.

Megan laughed. Danielle walked in, holding a bottle of white wine. She was wearing a white short-sleeved off-the-shoulder top and a short pleated denim skirt. She walked up to Megan and kissed her softly. Megan pulled her close and returned her kiss.

"Hi, beautiful," Megan said.

"Hi," Danielle said.

"You look so sexy."

"So do you."

Megan was wearing a strappy black cami and short denim shorts. Danielle loved how the shorts hugged Megan's perfect hot ass. She smiled at Megan as she walked to the utensil drawer and pulled out the wine bottle opener. The cork popped out with a loud bang. Megan handed Danielle two wine glasses, and Danielle expertly poured it into the glasses.

"I've had practice," Danielle said, noticing Megan's impressed look.

"Looks like dinner is ready," Megan said as she pulled the bread from the oven.

"It smells amazing," Danielle said.

Megan dished up their food, and they sat at the dining room table. They rehashed their week and the day, discussing the highs and lows and having some laughs. Danielle took a bite of the scampi, and some sauce dripped onto her chin. Megan reached out and wiped it off with her finger, then licked it off. Danielle blushed a little and smiled. Megan loved Danielle's smile; it added to her beauty. For some reason tonight, Danielle looked hotter than ever.

"So, when's Matt coming home?" Danielle asked.

"He's supposed to get back tomorrow night," Megan replied. 

"I bet you'll be glad to have him back."

"Of course. And I'm sure you will be, too," Megan said with a smirk.

Danielle blushed some more. 

"Do you miss him, too?" Megan asked.

"Yes," Danielle said. "It's funny. I never thought I would ever feel like this, especially not about a couple. A guy or girl, sure, but not at the same time."

"Love is a funny thing. Matt and I both love you, very much."

"I love you and Matt very much, too," Danielle smiled. 

Megan leaned over and kissed Danielle. Her lips were soft and moist. She pulled back and returned to her food. They finished eating; Danielle took their plates and put them in the sink. They took their glasses and moved to the couch. 

"Any plans for the weekend?" Danielle asked.

"Not really," Megan replied. "Just chilling til Matt gets home tomorrow. I have to pick him up from Dulles. Then he's probably going to want to sleep all day Sunday. You?"

"I have some shopping to do but that's it."

"Wanna hang out tomorrow and see the neighborhood?" Megan asked.

"I'd love to! I've never walked around Alexandria."

"Then you might as well spend the night," Megan smirked.

"I like that idea," Danielle said.

She took Megan's glass and set it, along with hers, on the coffee table. She leaned in and kissed Megan hard on the mouth. Megan ran her hand through Danielle's soft blond hair as they kissed. Danielle's lips tasted good. Megan pulled Danielle in tight. Their lips were locked together in hot sensual passion. Danielle pressed her tongue against Megan's mouth, but Megan didn't open.

"Not yet," she teased.

Danielle pulled her lips from Megan's and moved them downward. Megan gasped as she felt Danielle's lips caressing her neck. She grabbed Danielle's head, moaning. She soon felt Danielle's wet tongue sliding up her neck.

"Shit!" Megan whispered.

Danielle continued moving her lips and tongue up and down Megan's firm neck. She gently sucked. Megan gasped again. 

"Oh, Danielle!"

Danielle slid her hand down between Megan's muscular thighs. She felt her lover's arousal. She brought her fingers back up and put them slowly into her mouth. She slowly slid them out, moaning as she did so. 

"Taste good?" Megan whispered.

"Very," Danielle replied. 

Danielle moved her hand back down between Megan's legs. Megan moaned as Danielle began to rub her swollen mound through her panties. Danielle returned to kissing and licking Megan's neck. Megan laid back on the ouch and spread her legs. Danielle lay on top of her, kissing, licking, and touching. Megan closed her eyes and took in all the erotic sensations Danielle was giving her. Danielle thumb began to massage in tiny circles around Megan's clit, still through Megan's hot red panties. 

"Fuck," Megan groaned.

Danielle sucked Megan's neck and began to move her thumb faster. Megan grabbed Danielle's arm. Whatever Danielle was doing, she didn't want her to stop. Her moans grew louder. Danielle's mouth wandered down. She could see Megan's hard nipples poking through her cami. Danielle began to flick them with her tongue.

"Oh, fuck, Danielle, that feels good!" Megan moaned. 

Danielle continued her tongue play as she pressed her thumb harder against her lover's clitoris. Megan moaned louder.

"I want to taste you, too!" Megan gasped.

Danielle flipped around so her pussy and ass were facing Megan. Megan pulled her into position. She pulled up Danielle's skirt to reveal white crotchless panties.

"That's hot," Megan said.

"You like them?" Danielle said.

"Fuck yeah."

Megan extended her tongue and began to lick along the narrow opening in Danielle's panties. Danielle moaned loudly. Apparently she had becoming quite aroused as well. Danielle pressed her mouth against Megan's red panties and began to lick. Megan had never felt anything like it. Both Danielle's tongue and her soft panties were now pressing against her throbbing clit. The panties were so soft against her; it was like a gently caress. The feeling caused every nerve in her pussy to fire. 

"Oh god, that feels so good, Danielle. Don't stop!"

Megan began to lick Danielle's slit faster and faster. She could hear her girlfriend's moans becoming louder. She had learned that Danielle's labia could be very sensitive. She pulled the panties aside enough to allow access. She licked up and down them, nice and slow.

"Oh, Megan, fuck!" Danielle yelped.

Megan flicked Danielle's pussy lips faster. Danielle collapsed on top of her. Megan knew she must be sensitive. Danielle didn't know how much more of this she could take. Megan was licking her just right. She pressed her tongue against Megan's clit, forcing the panties to press it as well. Megan licked faster and began to suck Danielle's swollen lips. Danielle reached behind her and tried to grab Megan's head.

"Just like that!" Danielle moaned. "Don't stop. Don't you dare fucking stop!"

Megan kept going. She could taste her woman's juices dripping into her mouth. Danielle was about to orgasm. She sucked her labia as hard as she could. Danielle screamed onto Megan's throbbing, pulsing clitoris.

"Fuck!" they screamed in unison.

Megan opened her mouth wide and was immediately rewarded with Danielle's hot sweet cum. She let Danielle flow into her mouth, swallowing and enjoying the taste of her girlfriend. When Megan orgasmed, Danielle saw Megan instantly soak her silky red panties. Danielle kept her mouth on the panties to taste what leaked through. As Megan subsided she licked the panties and tasted her lover's cum. They both lay there, motionless, for several minutes. Danielle finally stood.

"Good thing I brought some clothes in my tote," she smiled. 

"Ready for bed?" Megan asked.

"Yes. I'm going to go into the spare bathroom and clean myself and get changed."

"Ok," Megan said. "You know where I sleep!"

Several minutes later Danielle entered the doorway to Megan's bedroom. Both ladies nearly did a double-take. Danielle was standing in the doorway, wearing an sheer lace mint-green halter top nightie that opened around the belly button. To complete the look, Danielle had also donned matching lace panties with a cute little bow. As for Megan, she had decided on a sheer lacy v-neck black nightgown that went to the floor but hid nothing. Megan lay down slowly on the bed. Danielle came around the other side and crawled up onto it.

"I don't think we're going to get much sleep," Danielle smiled.

"I wasn't planning on it," Megan smiled back.