 Well, I'm very sorry to those who have had to wait for the conclusion to this story. Writing down my experience after so long got me all turned on, and I had to go and play with myself for a while! So thanks for waiting, here's the rest of the tale.

You will remember that I left you with the description of the first time I masturbated, whilst my high-school roommate Rachel lay on her bed reading. I was imagining her having sex and couldn't get her body out of my mind as I came closer to climax. 

I began to pant a little faster and started to play with my sweet little clit, circling a finger around and around in tiny circles to quench the throbbing fire that was building in my groin. I soon forgot about the fact that rach was still oblivious to my devious thoughts or actions and dropped the book that I was pretending to read. It clattered on the floor and I sensed that Rach looked up, but was so close to coming that I couldn't stop. I felt the first surge of climax building in my toes and working its way up my calves, thighs and finally exploding through my stomach and upper body. It was magic. My pussy gushed with juices that covered my fingers and ran across my thighs. I collapsed onto the bed and felt fully satisfied. 

My post-orgasmic joy was interrupted by Rach, who was sitting up on her bed staring at me with a look of disbelief.

"You dirty pig! You were getting yourself off, weren't you!"

"No, I was just scratching my leg" I lied trying to hide my embarrassment.

"Yeah sure," she said, "Must have been one hell of an itch. I have an itch, do you think you could scratch it too." 

"Sure thing," I told her getting out from under the covers. 

I wasn't sure if she was serious and really had an itch, or whether she was referring to other things. But after dreaming of her hot body earlier, I was not going to miss a chance at getting my hands on her. I cautiously approached the line in the centre of the room (remember that my other roommates had drawn a chalk line in the middle of the room that we weren't allowed to cross) as she took off her jeans and lay back on the bed. 

"You can cross the line if you'd like, but you'll have to be extra nice to me if you want me to keep it from Mel" she said with a playful smile on her face.

At this stage I wasn't sure if she was setting me up in a trap, which could backfire big-time. I had a vision of her sitting round with all the popular girls at school saying, "Then she really thought that I wanted to fuck her! What a stupid slut!" But curiosity got the better of my common sense and I crossed the line and kneeled next to her bed.

"So, where's this itch, Rach. Let's see if I can help you out." My confidence had grown, and I smiled a mischievous smile. If I was going to play her game, I was going to play as an equal. 

"Right here," she said, stroking her left inner thigh with the back of her hand. 

I reached across and she opened her legs so that her right leg pressed against my breasts and I had clear access to the 'itchy' area. I began to scratch my nails up and down her leg. Softly and cautiously at first. Being careful not to venture too close to her pussy. At first I didn't even glance up at her panties. But when I did, I noticed that the front fabric of her panties had been sucked up into her vagina, so I could clearly make out the slit of her lips, the white cotton slighlty damp. 

This was all the encouragement I needed and on the next stroke I went a little closer. then closer. Then even closer. On about the tenth or fifteenth stroke I finally touched her pussy. Albeit through her panties. I began to concentrate more and more on the area, applying more pressure to her outer lips. She was so soft and warm and all the while she lay back, her breathing picking up pace gradually and the damp spot on her panties growing. 

Touching her pussy was just as arousing as touching my own and soon I felt the same throbbing in my groin. I needed to satisfy myself, so I slipped one hand down my own pants while I continued to play with Rach's pussy. Unfortunately, there was only so much I could do with her panties still on. I really wanted to touch, even kiss her pussy. But the real thrill would be seeing her shaven lips up close in all their glory. 

By now, she was really aroused, because even so often she would buck her hips and press herself up against my hand. I decided now was as good a time as ever, and slipped a thumb under the elastic of her panty leg and flipped the fabric across so I could see her glistening hole. Her whole pussy was shaved clean and her inner lips were soft pink and moist. Above that I could see her little pink clit poking out from the folds of skin. It looked so beautiful. I leaned forward and tentatively licked at her thigh. 

She let out a deep sigh, and lifted her bum off the bed a little so I could have easier access to her sweet vagina. I licked higher and higher on her leg untiul finally I started to kiss and lick at her outer lips and then along her slit and up across her clit. It didn't taste bad at all, and as I licked her, a drop of her juices ran down my chin. I soon worked out that when I licked at her clit, she bucked and began to moan, and reasoned that that was where I should concentrate my efforts. 

Soon she was panting and writhing, her stomach muscles convulsing with a pre-orgasmic rush. I licked with more abandon. Driving my face into her pussy, her juices coating my face as she pushed back towards me, trying desperately to intensify the feeling. Suddenly she let out a series of high-pitched cries, bucked and writhed for about ten seconds or so and then began to tremble. 

Her pussy seemed to pulsate, releasing a little extra moisture onto my tongue. Then she lowered her bum back down to the bed, sat up and kissed me on the lips. I had never kissed a boy before, Let alone a girl. But the feeling of her tongue against mine was such a turn on I had to ask her one question.

Sorry, To be continued. I have to go and play with myself again!