 My fantasies had a different edge on them for the next two days. My thoughts were swirling around with new possibilities, new directions. I did know what to make of them just yet, but I knew that something needed to happen because my sexual needs had been reawakened and there was no stopping them! Little did I know that the "Tupperware" party on Saturday night would have a profound effect on the new direction.

When I heard Rachel's horn in the driveway that night, I checked into Richard's room and kissed him on the forehead. He smiled and whispered, "Where ya goin', Babe?"

"Oh, just out to a tupperware party with Rachel,"

Richard raised one eyebrow, "Tupperware? With Rachel? Be careful, Honey, Rachel's Tupperware parties are notorious!"

I laughed and said to Sophie, "Don't let him get too excited now, he always had a thing for "Tupperware!"

Sophie looked confused, but when I winked...she smiled and nodded.

Rachel smiled too when I opened her car door, "There you are, everything okay in the house?"

"Oh, yes, I told Richard we were doing a Tupperware party."

Rachel snorted with laughter, "I'm pretty sure he didn't buy that! He kinda knows my interests. Of course, every woman could use a good sized piece of "Tupperware" now and then!"

The night was already shaping up to be a lot of fun; just going out with a bunch of girls and cutting up together was something I hadn't done in ages. "Who's hosting this, Rach?"

"Oh, I sort of wanted it to be a surprise," she said with a sly smile.

"A surprise? I don't think I need any more surprises," I replied with a giggle. "I'm still getting over our last conversation!"

"Oh no! You mean you didn't enjoy learning the truth? I was sure you'd appreciate it!" She tried to sound like she was hurt, but I could hear the laughter in her tone. When I looked at her, she was smiling broadly.

"Silly, I just meant that considering what Richard and I have gone through, and the fact that you two did so much sneaky scheming around me, I'm not sure I need any more of your 'revelations'!"

"Okay...then I better not tell you who's hosting this party!" 

I stared at her blankly, "What?"

"I said, 'I better not tell you who's hosting this party!' Your nerves might not be able to take it!" Rachel giggled and added, "You better just go in there with your eyes shut and don't look around."

"Oh, my Gawwddd," I said, being just a bit frustrated at this point.

We were stopped at a red light and I could tell Rachel was enjoying the teasing. She looked hard at me, "That sounds like you really DO want to know!"

"Tell me right now or I'm gonna be pissed!"

"Okay, okay...Megan Macdonald."

I just about froze. "You've got to be kidding me! MY friend Megan? You know her?" 

"Yes, I've known her for a couple years now; Richard introduced me."

"Yeah, but why is this another thing that I never knew anything about?" 

The light turned green and Rachel turned onto First Avenue. It hit me then; this was the way to Megan's house. Rachel wasn't lying.

"I really don't know why not. Two years ago, he asked me and Megan not to say anything to you until he was ready. I'm not sure what that meant, but we agreed as long as he eventually told you. He said that one day he wanted me to come join you, Jack, and him for some fun, and he didn't want it spoiled."

"Oh, for the love of God, how would you knowing Megan spoil that?"

"It wouldn't spoil it for me, but he thought it might for you!"

"How? How would it?"

We were almost to Megan's, but Rachel pulled over to the curb, parked, and looked at me intently. "Because, my dear friend, Megan and I have occasionally had sex together for the last two years!" Talk about shocks; I was feeling them left and right! I don't even know how this registered on my face, but Rachel burst out laughing. "Hahahaha... another surprise for Renna!"

"You've got to be fucking kidding!" I blurted. "Shit! This is really becoming too much!"

"You're not upset, are you?"

"I don't know, why was I left in the dark?"

"Again, I'm not sure; I can only guess."

"Okay, guess then; right now I need to know and I don't want to wear Richard out with questions."

Rachel looked pensive, "Perhaps it was because he didn't want you to have fun outside of the marriage."

I thought about that and didn't say anything for a few seconds. "Why would I do that?"

"We're only speculating; maybe he thought that because Megan was, you would too?"

"Oh, my God! You mean Tim doesn't know about you and Megan?"

"No, he knows; he's fine with it."

"Why?"

"He's gone 'work-a-holic' almost the same way my Eric did, and Megan needs more...Mmm...a LOT more!" Rachel had this dreamy, lick-your-lips look on her face. 

I could just about imagine what she was feeling right then because I had seen Megan naked and she WAS a hottie! "Oh, my goodness!" I responded, "If Megan is as good with you as I've seen her with Richard and Tim, you must be having a very good time, Rach!"

"That girl can eat pussy better than anyone I've ever had," Rachel gushed, "I am not kidding you!"

I giggled, "I don't know...Richard was awful good in his time."

"Seriously, I bet compared to Megan, he's a distant second; I'm almost shocked that Tim let the real fun slip away from him. They were only having sex once a week!"

I glanced at my watch, "Rach, it's getting close to 7:00, perhaps we better get going."

Rachel put the car in gear and pulled away from the curb, "Yeah, I haven't eaten yet and the food should be good."

"Are you going to tell me the story of you and Megan?"

"I will...but it's pretty long, and knowing you, you'll want details."

She was so right about that. My mind was racing back and forth between the surprises and revelations to the sex that I enjoyed, both watching and participating. It had been so hot to watch Megan suck Richard's dick that night thirty years ago; and she definitely was very sexy. "Is it fun with women, Rach?"

"I love it!" she replied, "I've only been with four, no wait, five women, but it's really fun. Megan makes me cum so fucking hard, it's just amazing! I couldn't thank Richard enough for introducing us. We get together now about twice a month. She would like more, but I'm too busy. I have Alex and some other friends too, right?"

"Are you having sex with all of them?" I giggled.

"No, silly girl, not all of them, I have regular friends too ya know!" 

"Well then, if we're revealing all of it, who ARE you having sex with?"

"Just Alex, Megan, and April and her husband."

"Oh my God, that's all?"

Rachel stared, "I bet you're jealous!"

I laughed, but the truth was at that moment I was needing a whole lot more than just my toys! "I guess I am...a little. I just don't know what's gonna happen next."

By this time we were heading up the walk to the Macdonald house, "Don't worry; God knows you have enough to worry about, Renn...just relax and try to enjoy every day. I'm sure Richard wants you to be happy; just enjoy your life in a happy way for him, girlfriend!"

We rang the bell and Megan opened the door. There were lots of hugs and Megan held me tight because I had not seen her for the last few months. She and Tim had come to the hospital twice; but after those two visits, they just allowed me to have my space. She kissed my cheek and said, "So Renny, how's it been? Everything going as well as it can?"

"Oh yes, as well as it can for sure; we have the house reorganized and Sophie's been a treasure!"

"You'll let me know even now if there's anything I can do, right?"

"As a matter of fact, there is one thing you can do."

At that moment the doorbell sounded again and Megan opened it, "Hi April, You're right on time for once!"

So this was April I thought. She had to be at least as young as Rachel, and Oh, my God, was she ever petite! She was a pretty, little Latina girl with gorgeous, black hair and she was wearing a skirt and top which suggested she had come straight from her office. She bordered on plump with large boobs and beautiful olive skin. "Don't start, bitch!" she replied to Megan, but she said it so tongue-in-cheek we all knew she was kidding. She turned to me, "Wow...you must be Renna! I've heard a lot about you, lady!" 

"It's nice to finally meet you, April. It seems everyone knows everything about me!" The whole room broke up at that one! 

April continued, "We all have some very juicy stories to tell, I'm sure. Maybe we'll all get to share one before the night is over."

Megan added, "I told you about Renna's husband Richard...right, April?"

April turned to me again, "Yes, and I'm so sorry, Renna; how's your husband doing?"

"Very well, all things considered. His spine has stabilized and it seems he's much better. He'll never walk again though."

"A tragedy for sure," she continued, "but just like these girls here, I'm ready to help if you need it."

"I appreciate that, April; but for the moment, it's all good."

Megan interrupted, "But, Renn, you were saying there was one thing I can do for you?"

"Yes, you naughty, little slut!" I grinned, "you can tell me the story of how you and Rachel met!"

Megan burst out laughing. "So she told you, huh?" Looking at Rachel, she added, "You blabbermouth!"

"She forced it out of me," Rachel pleaded.

"Sure she did, now you're lying too!"

We all laughed some more; this was going to be a fun night, I could just tell.

We all went to the patio where Megan had set up the refreshments. There were chips and veggie platters, and wieners in blankets (no pun intended.) There wasn't any more sexual banter while we ate; we just concentrated on getting acquainted and reacquainted. April was cute and fun and the four of us were getting along famously.

But after we cleaned up some, April said, "So Megs, what do you have to show us tonight? My pussy has been wanting something new for a while now!" April glanced at me as she said it, "You agree, Renna?"

"Oh, Of course; I'm beginning a new chapter in my life," I said with a wink, "I might as well have some new toys too! They should fit right in!" THAT pun was intended and we all exploded with laughter once again.

"She's funny," April finally managed to say to Rachel, "she's way funnier than you, you dirty, little girl!"

"I don't need to be funny; I just need to be fun! And by-the-way...you love dirty!"

April leaned over to me and whispered in my ear, "She's right...I fucking love dirty!"

"I would have guessed that!" I answered out loud, "in fact, knowing most of you like I do, it's 'the dirtier the better!' You girls should have seen Megan in high school; she got an early start on 'dirty'!"

Megan blushed crimson; but she loved it! "C'mon, ladies, let's go into the living room and see what goodies I have so the best part of this night can get started."

Next to the sofa in the living room there were three, large, royal blue suitcases with white trim. When Megan sat down on the couch, the rest of us pulled three of the most comfortable chairs into a semi-circle around her. "Alright, girls, help me decide; I have three categories tonight: masturbation aids, toys to share with your favorite dick, and one category totally devoted to BDSM scenarios."

"Yucky," said April as she stuck her tongue out. "As far as I'm concerned, we don't have to open that one at all. I have absolutely no desire to be contained or restrained during sex."

"It's really nothing too heavy in there," Megan replied, "there are some very attractive ropes, cuffs, and clamps?"

"We could vote...I guess," April conceded while looking at us.

"Let's pass on the bondage," I added. "I'm just now starting to get back on the horse!"

"I think the bondage case has saddles in there," joked Megan glancing at April. "See? I'm funny!" We all laughed.

"Let's start with the masturbation toys, Megs,"

She opened the middle case and pulled out four sections of playthings. We had a blast passing around the Ben-Wahh balls, pocket rockets, bunny-eared vibrators and all sorts of other goodies! There was a lot of blushing, giggling, and complete laughter breakdowns as we passed each piece around. Everything I looked at made me hornier just thinking about using it; and when some of the other women started putting things between their legs and down their tops, I soon realized they were feeling the same hormone rushes just as much as me.

And then, the "profound something" that I referred to in the beginning of this chapter just happened. Our giddy playfulness was getting everyone so worked up it became completely obvious that fucking was on everyone's mind. The comments were becoming less and less restrained and more and more suggestive, even bordering on explicit. I heard the C-word thrown around several times, and Megan and April even pulled up their tops and bras exposing their breasts to us all so we could see them try some nipple clamps. 

But then Rachel picked up a beautiful g-spot vibrator and turned toward April with a very different look on her face. Right then things got explosive because she said, "We were talking just the other night about getting one of these weren't we, April?"

"Was that before or after your sixth orgasm?" April shot back. The laughter was there, but it was a bit stifled because of her lurid reply.

Megan spoke up between giggles, "Six, huh...Mmmm...I thought you were walking a bit funny the next day at the mall!" We all laughed again.

I was laughing, but mostly I was in shock. It was one thing to hear them talk about their trysts together; it was another to hear the explicit details. Yet I was strangely turned on by the talk too. My pussy was screaming for sex and with all the toys around, one would think that would not be a problem. 

I decided to join in, "What night was this, Rachel?"

"The same night we talked," she replied smiling broadly, "April's hubby Patrick was out of town so I slept there that night."

"Not that we got much sleep," added April.

"Ohh, my Godddd," Megan said, "You had all this fun and didn't call me?"

April looked at her with a feigned expression of surprise, "You were available?"

"No, but I wouldn't have minded watching on the web-cam for a while!"

It was my turn to exclaim, "Ohhhh, Myyy Godddddd! You girls are just the naughtiest!"

"Maybe we are naughty," returned Rachel, "but Oh, my goodness, did we ever have a good time, right, Honey?"

April smiled back but didn't answer; she scooted over to the suitcase and rummaged around inside for maybe thirty seconds. Finally she pulled something out and handed it to me. The package was called "Double-the-Pleasure" and through the plastic sleeve I could see that it was a 12 inch long, double-ended dildo. "Ever see one of those, Sweetie?"

"Oh yes, many times, Richard and I used to watch porn on occasion and the lesbians would use them."

"We all have them," April replied (I could have sworn I heard her go, "Mmmm..." at that point.) "Rachel rocked my world with one of these the other night."

"Oh, Wowww..." Rachel blushed, "Did you have to show her that?"

"Why not? She looks like she's a big girl; she can handle the truth!" April said it like Jack Nicholson in A Few Good Men and we all laughed some more.

I took the dildo out of the package and hefted it in my right hand, "This is nice; I bet it feels pretty good when it's in your pussy!" 

Shockingly, April suggested, "Why don't you try it, Sweetie?"

"Whaa..aat?"

"Try it, I bet you'll like it!"

I just know I was blushing profusely, perspiring all at once too! "I...Well...Now?"

"Sure why not? We're adults too; and we've seen it before!" Everyone giggled including me (although mine was more out of nervousness.)

"I ..d.don't ththink I can d..dd..ooo this in f..front of you all," I stammered.

"You're just shy," she rejoined, "I'll tell you one thing though. It will feel awesome in your sexy, wet, little pussy!"

I could feel that wetness gush as she said that; I needed some dick sooo badly! "I... I don't know if I c..c..an." I felt stupid too because of the stammering.

"Am I wrong, ladies?" April said, looking at the other two. 

"Oh no," Megan agreed, "that toy right there is a pussy pleaser alright!" 

April continued, "And look at Renny, ladies, tell me if her ass is squirming on the chair, she needs to be fucked good, don't you think?"

She was right, there I was sitting up rigidly straight; my ass was trying to grind a hole in the chair it was twisting under me so much! Trying to remain calm I said, "I don't think I'm ready for it tonight." 

"Stop it, April," said Megan, "She's had a rough go of it lately." Megan laid her hand on my arm and said, "It's okay, Renn, we're just having fun, right?"

That touch helped me relax a bit then, "Oh, I know, April's not a bother; but she is right; I'm so fucking horny I can't see straight!" Everyone just cracked up again!

"Tell you what," Rachel offered, "what about if April and I show you how this toy works?" 

Three heads snapped around, even April's, only I was looking right at her and her face was lit up! "Amazing idea, Rach...Oh, My Godd...yesss...amazing!"

"C'mon then," said Rachel, "Renna? You want to watch us do this?"

I think my mind was going numb again, "Uhhh...Welll..."

"She'll watch, she's a pervert just like us," said Rachel with another giggle. "C'mere, April, my body's on fire, I need some fun and I need it quick!"

The profound something was getting more and more profound. Rachel was sitting on the sofa and petite, little April was on her like a shot; their first kiss was searingly hot as lips locked and their tongues started tangling. God, how I love kissing and these two were really into it! Rachel rolled April off the sofa and onto the floor, and April ended up on top of her. Their lips sounded so good, the wet, sucking sounds were very erotic, and I could hear them moaning in their throats as the heat ramped higher. 

April's skirt had hiked up and Rachel had her ass in both hands. One of her hands had slipped inside April's panties and I could see she was fingering her ass crack and maybe her asshole while they made out. Their breasts were pressing together through their tops, and just as I thought they probably needed some air, April broke the kiss with a gasp and hissed, "You fucking, hot, little lesbian bitch; you make me crazy for you!" Rachel sucked in some air and then her hand pulled at the back of April's head drawing them together for kiss number two. 

Megan crawled up behind and I couldn't believe it; but she pulled April's panties off exposing her ass and slit. Rachel's fingers were not in April's anus; they were lower than that, her middle finger plunging into the Latina's wet fuck-hole. I heard April yelping from it. 

When I saw it, I know I groaned out loud because Megan looked at me right then, "Isn't it hot, Renn? Oh Goddd...so delicious! When Rachel kissed me for the first time I about died!" 

I was going to say something, but Rachel struggled to sit and then stand up and started taking off her blouse. Megan helped April up so they could strip her skirt off together, and then they both helped April with her top and bra. Her large tits quivered into view and Rachel immediately started tonguing her left nipple and twisting her right one with her thumb and forefinger. April threw her head back and groaned, "Ohh My fuckinggg Goddd..."

Megan had been playing with April's pussy from behind now, but not for long. She went behind Rachel and forced her pants and panties off. She unhooked her bra then, reached around her, and started palming her boobs, one in each hand. Megan's forefingers started flicking at Rachel's nipples.

Right then, I realized that I was holding way too tight to the arms of my chair. I was beside myself horny; these fucking lesbian sluts were making it much too hot in here for me. I wasn't ready for this; a million thoughts were coursing through my mind, the main one was, "Goodness, I haven't even known about these pervy girls until three days ago, and here they are girl-fucking themselves right in front of me. Well, maybe they're not fucking, but Oh, My Goddd!"
