 As I drove to work this morning I was feeling great. At 31, I had accomplished many of my life goals. I am Sadie and I was just named plant manager at the mid-sized company I work for. I haul in an impressive six figure salary. I am in great shape. I work out 6 days a week. I have an awesome body and beautiful face and most people would refer to me as gorgeous. I am a lesbian and my girlfriend, Jace, is also beautiful and is a stay at home submissive. I have a fairly kinky streak that comes out at home. Jace, who is 10 years younger than me, and I love each other, but it is also clear who is the dominant one. For instance, this morning before I left for work, I sat at the kitchen table enjoying the wonderful breakfast that Jace made for me while Jace got on all fours, crawled between my legs, parted my robe, and ate me out. 

There was only one thing frustrating in my life and that was Ashley. Ashley was the 20 year old Bimbo daughter of the company's owner. Ashley worked at the company too, even though she was not qualified, as her Daddy could not say no to her. I loathed Ashley, and she knew it. She wasn't my supervisor, but the fact that her Daddy, Mr. Obrian was the owner made her feel like she could boss me around. I had just settled in at my office when Ashley came strutting in. 

"Hey Dyke, we are behind 5 percent on production this week," shaking her head and talking down to me, "Daddy wont be impressed."

"We will be on pace by the end of the week." I replied without looking up. 

"Okay" was her only reply as she walked out.

I watched her leave hating the fact that this gorgeous air-head could talk to me like that. She was pretty and I knew that a constant water cooler conversation between the less sophisticated plant workers was who was hotter me or Ashley. Ashley always called me some derogatory name in private and it always rubbed me wrong because the rumor was that she was a "rug muncher" too, to use one of her terms. 

Later that day I walked back into my office and she was sitting behind my desk holding a picture of Jace.  

"Is it true that you two are going to use artificial insemination on Jace to start a family" Ashley asked.

Walking toward her, I grabbed the picture, "that is none of your business and has nothing to do with work." I thought to myself h'ow could this bitch know about that'. 

"So you going to have Jace ruin her body instead of yours?

I let out a sigh and said "its not about that." But secretly I was much happier that my bitch was going to have to go through that 9 months of torture, though I would never admit it. 

"Well I am happy for you none the less" Ashley replied.

"Uhh ...thanks...you're in my chair though." I said. 

Putting her feet up on my desk. "You like being in charge uhh...rumor is that Jace is your pussy licking bitch. I bet you wouldn't mind being a bitch for my sexy body though. I know you couldn't wait if I gave you the chance to lick my sweet pussy." 

Angry beyond any point in my entire life, without thinking I swung my arm down towards her planning to slap the bitch across the face. Somehow she leaned back avoiding my palm causing me to teeter off balance in my high heels and land flat on my butt. I was looking up at Ashley and turning a little red with embarrassment and anger. 

"HAHA...get used to that view." Ashley said as she got up and strutted out of my office. 

I was fuming the rest of the day and couldn't wait to get home and take out some frustration on Jace. I found myself daydreaming about Jace on my drive home. Her sexy red hair and perfect pearl like skin gave her a look of elegance with a beautiful smile. All was in stark contrast to her bimbo body. Her chest was a perfect 34E topped with gorgeous long suckable nipples. Her sculpted stomach looked great and her long legs led to a completely bald pussy with puffy lips and a clit that got impossibly long when she is turned on. I felt my pussy getting wet as I pulled into the drive. 

I walked into the front door and was greeted by Jace my 21 year old gorgeous submissive girlfriend in a gorgeous black lace teddy, with white pearly accents and white lace stockings. 

"MMM Yummy good girl" I said calling her by one of my many pet names, some more degrading than others. 

She walked to me carrying a glass of wine and I said "God I need this, Ashley was being a real bitch again today." I constantly complained about Ashley to Jace. 

Jace gave me a sexy grin and nod and said "Ohh poor baby, come to the couch..why don't I sip this wine and run my fingers through your hair...(sexily she lowers the straps of her teddy) while you suck on these. Her nipples looked incredible and I let out a soft moan letting her lead me to the couch. 

For a moment, I thought, "this is different Jace leading me." I usually did take control, but what she offered sounded relaxing and I knew very well I could put her in her place easily if I needed to. 

I laid my head against her and started sucking as she drank my glass of wine and then hers, while stroking my hair. I knew that we had been there for awhile, but it felt so great. After awhile she said "I didn't make dinner will you call and order us delivery while I draw a bath." 

Again this was a little strange for our relationship, her not cooking for me and me ordering the food, but at least she was drawing me a bath and that sounded great. I ordered us some delivery food and grabbed myself a glass of wine and headed to the bath. As I reached the bath I was surprised to see Jace in the tub. 

Jace looked at me and said, "MMM I really needed this it feels great. Do you mind rubbing my feet while you tell me just what Ashley did today."

I was surprised and felt like somehow Jace was subtly taking back control. Its not like I never did these types of things for her, we were for all intents and purposes engaged, but somehow this felt different. I felt power and elegance behind her voice like someone had given her lessons or something. 

I was jolted back to reality as Jace put her feet up on the edge of our tub and said, "well what did ashley do?" I felt an odd sensation in the pit of my stomach as I grabbed the lotion, set on the edge of the toilet, leaned forward and began to rub her feet.

I know what you must be thinking..."yeah right your not a real domme!"

But it isn't true. One time I made Jace walk-on a dog leash in a public park and piss on all fours behind a tree before orally pleasuring my gorgeous cunt. that was pretty normal stuff for us and we both loved it. I think Ashley tormenting me and being unsure how to handle it, as she was the owners daughter had me off my game. 

"Well..." I began "she called me some names and told me that I probably wish I was worshiping her gorgeous body."

"She is pretty" Jace started to say and as she noticed me staring angry daggers at her she added, "but I don't picture you being the worshipping type and she is rude."

"Yeah" I said suddenly thinking about worshipping Ashley. 

As the doorbell rang after a few moments I looked up to see Jace with an odd grin on her face. 

Ignoring the look I said, "be back I bet that is our Thai food."

After we ate which was pretty uneventful. I said, "lets go up to bed I really need one of your first rate pussy lickings."

As we stood, Jace had a funny grin on her face and I said, as I slapped her ass, "don't you grin at me or I will uhh ...I umm I will punish you."

I heard my own voice as it was filled with confusion and not my usual confident domme demeanor

I heard Jace let out a small giggle. "You sure about that baby?"

She asked as she moved behind me, one hand firmly held around my stomach and the other stroking my hair she moved closer to my ear and in a whisper said, "look why don't you just relax tonight and let me take control clearly Ashley has got you off your game...just relax baby and do what I say get a good nights rest and tomorrow you can be your old self." 

It all sounded good to me and Jace and I both trusted each other so I nodded my head as I let out a soft moan. 

Jace led me upstairs and to the foot of the bed as she sensuously took off both her and my clothes. She then grabbed my hair firmly and pulled me to her right breast and said, "Suck...*then barely audible* my good little girl"

I couldn't be sure if i heard Jace say it or if it was my own mind playing tricks on me. As Jace fell backwards onto the bed she held my head to her breast. I knew that I had been sucking for a long time but I felt so warm and safe like that. I think that subconsciously I did not want to confront the fact that I was slowly loosing my dominant place this evening. 

I felt her head slowly pull on my hair, "ok ok any longer and you may suck my nipples off." Jace said.

I had a sudden revelation that I had been comforting myself by sucking on her boobs, much like a submissive or child. 

I did not have long to ponder that thought as Jace said, "go on you may suck me to orgasm now."

I was so thrown by the whole day and how this evening had gone that I didn't realize that Jace had given me 'permission' to give her on orgasm. Slowly though, I began to lick up her long thighs and I stopped mere inches from her gorgeous cunt and inhaled her scent. A moment later I was lapping at her cunt devouring her taste. It had been weeks since I had last licked Jace and I had forgotten how intoxicating her smell and taste were. As I lapped away, her cuntlips become more and more engorged and wet, as I watched her clit grow. Her clit was like a small penis in size and I loved it. I loved teasing it, pinching it, abusing it, but tonight all I wanted was to suck on it. After Her first orgasm Jace held my head in place and I brought her off again. 

Finally I lifted my head and realized it was 2:15am. I had been worshipping Jace's body for over 3 hours since we came up from dinner. My face was coated in her juices and my tongue and arms were sore. I thought it is time for the Queen of this house to get some pleasure, but before I could say anything, Jace had crawled in between the sheets.

Without lifting her head or opening her eyes she said in a groggy voice, "thanks babe I will sleep great tonight." 

Without thinking I let out a moan, "what about me?"

Jace said, "make it up to you tomorrow."   I realized she must be exhausted and so was I so I thought, 'Oh well I will show her at breakfast.' As I got up to go to the bathroom. I realized my pussy was on fire from everything and for the first time in many years I rubbed my self to a self pitying orgasm on the toilet alone. As I made my way back to bed I thought I will show both of them tomorrow. I will show Jace who is Queen of this house and Ashley who is Queen of the office. 

I awoke the next morning not by Jace licking my pussy. Which was about 80% of the time, but I heard the shower running. I got up and went for my morning run thinking how having Jace lick my sweaty asshole while I ate breakfast would be the perfect follow-up to last night. But when I got home from the run I found this note...

"Went out to buy something sexy for you! See you tonight baby" -Jace

I was a little upset that my plan didn't work but I thought at least she is getting some sexy lingerie to wear for me. 

As I walked into my office that morning, Ashley met me at the door walking out. 

"Morning my little cunt licker or should I say boob worshiper" then Ashley pushed her gorgeous cleavage together winked at me and left. 

"Bitch!" I said just soft enough that she probably couldn't hear me. 

As I walked into the building I was in a fog 'why did she call me boob worshiper that is weird after last night.' I was so thrown and confused I almost bumped into Mr. Obrian. I laughed it off and said I would come by his office today to discuss our quarterly staff meeting. 

At my desk was an envelope and on the outside it said "open it and become my bitch." - Ashley and it had a lipstick SWAK in the corner. 

Rolling my eyes I tossed it in the trash. As the day continued I was drawn to constantly be thinking of it until after lunch I opened it. I had a few minutes before I needed to be in with Mr. Obrian and it took only a few seconds to read the poem, but probably much longer to think it over.

Roses are red

Violetes are blue

You think your a domme

But a sub is you

Sadie my bitch 

it has a nice ring

or should I seduce Jace

and have her throw away your ring

At first I was angry and then I realized I had evidence I could go to HR. But as I was walking to Mr. Obrian's office I knew that wasn't my style. I also kept thinking about her seducing Jace ... it wasn't possible we were getting married, but I felt angry uneasy and restless.

The rest of the day, I thought, that ok tonight I will get my mojo back. I even formulated my plan I would take off an hour early and surprise Jace at home. I had been teasing her for weeks that I was going to get us a room at a fancy hotel downtown and make her stand naked on the balcony for everyone to see before I brought her in and ravaged her asshole. I might even piss on her tonight we had been talking about it for a couple months and it made us both hot. 

I pulled into the drive and quietly shut off the car and crept into the house. A few feet inside I heard moaning, my heart sunk immediately. Jace had gone back to her college roommate. I knew they had been emailing and I knew she was sexy domme like me. I was sad, angry and upset. I walked slowly toward the slightly open bedroom door. I had to stifle a gasp as Ashley was on her hands and knees moaning and Jace had her tongue in the bitches ass. 

I thought to myself... 'I cant believe it, Jace knows that I hate that bitch.' But i stood in the shadowy hallway watching. I knew I should either turn and leave or barge in and stop it but something about it had me feeling horny. I felt my pussy tingle and moisten watching Jace tongue my hated rivals ass. 

"Thats it bitch, I knew you needed a real domme." Ashley said as Jace just moaned back in agreement.

My mouth hung open as my cheeks burned, 'I am a real domme,' I found myself thinking.

"How does my ass taste?" 

"MMM OOO ...so nice Ash... I mean Goddess" Jace cooed back.

'That cheating bitch...' I found myself thinking, "I will get back at her."

After a few more moments I looked down and realized I was fingering my own pussy while watching Ashley play with her boobs as Jace ate her ass.

Blushing I removed my hand, vowed that I would punish Jace to hell and back, go to a bar and come back in an hour ready to deal with Jace and Ashley if she was still here. I turned and began to walk down the hall...

"WHERE THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOUR GOING?" 

I heard Ashely's stuck up voice as I paused, 'she must be talking to Jace.'

"Get in here...NOW ...you stupid cuntlicker or should I say Sadie..."

I turned bright red and stood completely still.

"I have been watching you out there the whole time...you little sub now come in here and worship my ass with Jace."

'Just leave" I tried to reason with myself... 'Go in kick her ass, do something!' But I just stood still unable to move. I heard some whispering and then I saw my girlfriends pale gorgeous body in the doorway.

"Come in baby ... it is clear to me now you never really were domme you just tried so hard for me, but we both need to serve Ashley. *wink* Come on baby its what you need." Jace beckoned and without reason and inexplicable to me at the moment my feet slowly carried me into my bedroom where Ashley was waiting on my bed. 

(More to cum)