 Helen was sitting at her desk picking the soggy tomato out of her sandwich thinking about how much she hated her office job. She had been at the company for over 4 years now and she realised that she would never get the promotion she desired. Neal was the boss's favourite. He was the one who went to most of the functions and even got invited out to play golf with the boss and his friends once a month. Helen hadn't been invited, because they assumed she wasn't interested in golf. They just didn't even think to ask. It was obvious that no matter what she did to try to get ahead in the company, Helen would never compare with Neal. She decided that she would try to find another job. One that paid more and gave her the respect that she deserved. So, in between bites of the sandwich, she logged onto the internet to see what jobs were being advertised. She found one in a Real Estate Agency doing reception work, one in an accountant's office and one as a medical receptionist that all paid approximately what she was earning now. She clicked on the first one.

'Wanted -- Full Time Receptionist to work in busy Real Estate Office. Must have experience dealing with customers, professional telephone manner, computer knowledge essential and Property Management experience highly regarded.'

She had the first three requirements and figured she could learn the property management side of the business fairly quickly. She decided to bookmark the page so she could look at it in more detail when she got home that afternoon. She wouldn't want someone at work to find out that she was thinking of leaving. She went back a page and clicked on the next job description.

'Wanted -- Accountant's Assistant required for 38 hours a week. Flexible hours. Full training provided.'

Helen was thinking if this job would suit her personality. She was a bright bubbly person who loved creating new and exciting things. She looked out the window next to her desk and wondered if working with numbers all day in an Accountant's office would be interesting enough to satisfy her need to explore new options and learn new things. As she was daydreaming, the elevator doors slid open and a tall blonde woman stepped out and started heading towards Helen. Helen turned to look at her. She had the longest legs Helen had ever seen. She was wearing a white button up shirt that was tied together at the bottom to reveal the piercing that was poking out of her belly button, really short denim shorts and had her hair pulled back into a neat pony tail. It wasn't until she was standing in front of Helen that she realised that the woman was holding a package.

"Would you please sign for this?" she asked and smiling down at Helen while handing her the package.

"Uh, sure. Who's it for?" Helen asked, regaining her composure and reaching out to grab the box.

"A guy called Neal Rodgers. Know him?"

"Unfortunately, yes."

"Oh? That doesn't sound good. Not a fan?" 

"You could say that. He's my competition for the promotion that I'm going for. I'm not going to get it with him around."

"Is that why you're looking for another job?" the blonde woman asked, pointing at the computer screen in front of Helen.

"Oh, gosh. Yes." Helen minimised the screen as she realised that she shouldn't be looking for a new job while she was still at work. "You know how men are. Always sticking to their own instead of giving it to the person who deserves it the most."

"Yeah, I hear you. That's why I decided to start my own business." She stuck out her hand and Helen shook it. "Miranda Perkins. Global Deliveries. Pleased to meet you."

"Helen Peacock. The pleasure's all mine." She smiled and reached for a pen to sign Miranda's delivery sheet. As Helen was signing the sheet of paper, Miranda looked around the office and noticed that there was no-one else around and walked over to the water cooler.

"Mind if I help myself to a drink? It's quite hot outside today. I could really do with one."

"No, please go ahead." Helen watched Miranda as she bent over to fill up her cup and noticed how brown her long legs where. She watched as she brought the cup up to her lips and swallowed the cold water. Miranda walked over to the bin and threw the plastic cup inside and turned and walked over to the air conditioning vent. She unbuttoned the top button of her shirt, held it open and stood in front of the vent trying to cool herself down. Her ends of her long blonde hair blew in whisps around her face, the collar of her shirt ruffled in the wind and cheeky smile crept onto her face as she exposed her tanned breasts to the breeze. Helen watched as the beautiful blonde woman stood before her cooling herself down. For some reason, she couldn't take her eyes off her. Helen suddenly realised that Miranda was staring at her through the mirror on the wall and quickly looked away. Miranda started walking back across the office towards Helen again. When she got to her desk, she lent across Helen to pick up her paperwork. Helen noticed that Miranda's shirt was still undone and as she reached across her, her face was excitingly close to her large breasts. She noticed that underneath her shirt, she was wearing a white lacy bra that gave her an amazing cleavage and Helen thought about how much she'd like to undo another button, take Miranda's breasts to her mouth and kiss them both gently.

"Thanks for signing this." Miranda pointed at the paperwork, straightened up and turned towards the elevator. "Good luck with your job search too by the way." She said over her shoulder.

"Thanks. Bye." Helen replied meekly, as she watched Miranda leaving the office, swaying her hips as she returned to the elevator. She watched until the doors closed and the elevator returned to the ground floor. Helen wondered what had gotten into her and questioned herself as to why couldn't she take her eyes off the woman who had just left her office. She was amazed a second later, when she realised that the crotch of her knickers were all wet and she hurried off towards the bathroom. She chose the stall furthest away from the door and locked it behind her. She slid up her skirt and pulled down her knickers to see that they were soaked through. She recalled that she hadn't been this horny for months and was determined to make herself come right here, right now. She put one of her feet up on the toilet bowl and started slowly stroking her tingling clitoris. It was so hard and wet. Her fingers explored the little bud, circling the tip and then she slid them down her slit and into her wet opening. She continued to finger herself with her right hand and started stoking her clit with her left index finger. It felt so good. She thought about her fingers moving slowing over her pussy and imagined them to be Miranda's fingers. Her juices started running down her fingers and over the top of her hand. She couldn't believe that she was feeling like this over a woman. She increased the speed of her left finger's stokes and started to feel the rush of her orgasm coming. She pinched her clit between her finger and her thumb and started pulling on it gently to slow the sensation. She could feel her legs going weak and struggled to stay standing up. The fingers on her right hand had become so wet with her juices and were slipping in and out of her effortlessly. She decided to insert another one of her fingers so that she had three of them sliding in and out of her opening. This tightened the skin around her pussy and increased the sensations on her clit. She went back to stroking it hastily and after a few seconds she was rubbing it quite quickly. A load moan escaped her lips as she felt the blood rush to her pussy and she exploded in an orgasm that left her pussy muscles twitching.

She couldn't believe that she has just masturbated thinking about a woman who had simply delivered a package to her office. Was she becoming a lesbian? But she was attracted to men, so how could she suddenly be attracted to women too? She tore a piece of toilet paper off the roll and started cleaning herself up. She pulled her knickers up and straightened her skirt. She opened the door to the stall and started walking over to the hand basins. She noticed something out of the corner of her eye and stopped short. Miranda was sitting on the edge of one of the basins with a big smile on her face.

"Hi." Was all Helen managed to say.

Miranda smiled. "After I got in the elevator, I realised that I had forgotten to give you one of my business cards, so I came back up and you were gone. I figured that as the only person in the office you couldn't have gone too far, so I came looking for you, and I was greeted with a wonderful audio rendition of exactly how I was feeling." 

Helen blushed. "Sorry you had to hear that." She said turning away.

"Don't be silly. It really turned me on. Care to elaborate on that?" 

Helen glanced back at Miranda and saw the suggestive look on her face. Was this sexy woman hitting on her? She brushed her hands over her skirt nervously.

"Well?"

"Elaborate? What do you mean?"

"I mean, would you like to come again? But this time with a little help?" Miranda jumped down from the basin edge and walked over to her. She brushed the hair off Helen's shoulder exposing her neck, and bent her head down to kiss the bare skin. Helen couldn't believe how hot Miranda's lips felt on her neck. It sent shivers all the way down her spine. Miranda placed little kisses all over Helen's neck and slowly worked her way up towards her lips. Helen stood motionless as Miranda's lips brushed against hers. She had never felt anything like it. She never realised how soft another woman's lips could be. She felt Miranda's tongue gently massage her own and her heart was beating so fast that she felt like she was going to faint. A small moan escaped her as she felt Miranda's erect nipples brushing up against her own. She glanced over to the door and noticed that it had been locked. Miranda must have locked it behind her when she came in. That means that she had planned on seducing her all along. She looked into Miranda's eyes and noticed the mischievous air about them. Could she really have sex with another woman? Before she had time to think about it, Miranda started unbuttoning her shirt, slowly, one button at a time, working down towards her waist. She was wearing one of her old lace bras that had a hole in it and immediately blushed when she saw it peaking out from her top. Miranda didn't seem to care though, and was more focused on unzipping her skirt from behind. The zip came open easily and within seconds her skirt had fallen to the floor. She was standing there in her bra and knickers with her shirt open amazed at what was happening to her.

"I've never been with a woman before." Helen confessed shyly.

"That's OK. There's a first time for everything." Miranda grinned and slipped the shirt from Helen's shoulders sending it cascading to the floor as well. She reached around and unhooked Helen's bra and traced her fingers along her shoulders, catching the straps and bringing them down her arms. She tossed the bra onto the basin and looked down at Helen's breasts. They were quite large and perfectly rounded with large pink nipples adorning them.

"You have got the best tits I've ever seen." She bent over and took one of her nipples into her mouth and started sucking on it gently. Helen felt Miranda's tongue swirling around her nipple and smiled to herself. She was actually letting this goddess of a woman suck on her tits... and it felt fabulous!

"Oh god, that feels good." She cried out, closing her eyes. She felt a warm hand fondling her other breast and enjoyed the sensation of finally having someone attending to her needs after months of celibacy. She just couldn't believe that it was a woman! She kept her eyes closed and felt Miranda's hands working their way down her body and slowly sliding her knickers down over her thighs. Miranda's mouth travelled down over her stomach and she started kissing the top of her pubic mound. Helen opened her eyes and looked down. She suddenly panicked at seeing another woman's head between her legs and tried to think of something to say quickly.

"Wait. I'm not sure I'm ready for this. I'm feeling a little self conscious."

Miranda looked up at her with concern in her eyes.

"OK. Well, would it help if I was naked too then?"

"Umm, it might?" Helen thought about whether or not she could really go through with this or not. What was she thinking, standing in the bathroom of her work, naked, with another woman? If anyone found out about this, she could get fired! But, as Miranda stood up and started unbuttoning her shirt, Helen's curiosity got the better of her. She realized that she had an urge to see Miranda's naked body standing alongside hers. So, she just stood there, watching as the gorgeous blonde slowly peeled her clothing off right in front of her. Miranda threw her shirt down onto the tiled floor and undid her shorts, which she also dropped to her ankles. Looking into the mirror behind her, Helen noticed that Miranda was wearing the smallest lace g-string she had ever seen. It was white in colour, which perfectly matched her bra. Feeling a little braver, she reached over and ran her fingers along the waistband that was no more than a thin piece of elastic. She hooked her fingers underneath the fabric and slid them down towards the floor. She noticed that Miranda had a thin line of pubic hair neatly trimmed into a narrow strip. She turned her around so that her back was facing her and unhooked her bra and tossed it to the floor. She brought her arms around her and stared at her in the mirror. Miranda leaned back against Helen and guided her hands to her breasts. Helen ran her fingers over Miranda's nipples and felt how erect they had become. God she was beautiful. She leaned over and kissed her neck while gently caressing her large breasts. She moved her right hand lower towards her perfectly trimmed pubic hair and felt it brush against her fingertips. She slipped her index finger between her legs and felt the wetness of her pussy. She moved her finger around and found her clit and began rubbing it back and forth slowly. The folds of her skin felt so soft. Strangely, the sensation on her fingertip was the same as if she was stroking herself. 

Miranda closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of Helen's finger sliding against her clit. She moved her hips back and forth in time with Helen and could feel her pubic hair tickling her arse cheeks. She swivelled around to face her and kissed her lips with duress. Her hands roamed all over Helen's body and she slipped one of them between her legs to feel her engorged clit sticking out from between her pussy lips. Helen took in a sharp breath as she felt Miranda's hand between her legs. Her mouth was surrounded by Miranda's and she was enjoying exploring the other woman's body. Miranda lead Helen over to the basins and told her to sit on the lip of the bench. She parted her legs, positioned herself between her legs and bent down placing her mouth on her glistening lips and began licking her wet pussy. 

Helen opened her legs wider, which, in turn, parted her inner lips even more, and she felt Miranda's tongue licking her up and down. She felt her plunge her tongue deep inside her body and wiggle it around. She looked down and saw her pussy juices running down Miranda's chin. She had never experienced so much pleasure before. This was pure bliss.

Miranda continued licking Helen's pussy with devotion. She was willing to do whatever she possibly could to make this woman come. She felt powerful between another woman's legs. She felt as if she could make women do whatever she wanted them to, simply by providing them with pure pleasure if they obeyed her demands. Helen was different to any of the other women she'd ever been with. She was so innocent and pure. Miranda usually picked up women in bars and was used to the same old type that didn't shock easily. With Helen though, she decided to take her time, just to make sure that she was comfortable in her presence, so she could introduce her to the wonderful world of lesbian sex, knowing that she would walk away enjoying it immensely. If she rushed into her usual routine, she thought she might scare her off, as Helen was probably the type of woman who wouldn't enjoy being dominated by a stranger and she wouldn't have a chance to sleep with her again. She had to make sure to tread gently with her. Miranda had never slept with anyone who was a heterosexual before and thought about the challenge of converting her to lesbianism. As she looked into Helen's eyes and saw the amount of please she was giving her, she thought that, after a while, Helen would make a good sex slave.

Helen cried out when she felt Miranda's finger being inserted inside her pussy and her tongue flicking against her clit. She couldn't believe how this woman knew exactly what she wanted. She tried to spread her legs further apart so Miranda could plunge her finger deeper inside her, but the basin got in the way. Miranda suddenly stood up and kissed Helen on the lips. Her tongue tasted musky after being on her pussy.

"Get down onto the floor." Miranda commanded. Helen jumped down off the bench and stood on the floor. "Now kneel down on your hands and knees. I am going to make you come like you've never come before!" Helen did as she was told. She felt a little intimidated by this woman who was telling her what to do, but she was so horny by now and wanted to have another orgasm so badly, so she got down on all fours and waited. Miranda positioned herself behind Helen and plunged her face into her pussy once more. Helen moaned with pleasure and stuck her arse out towards the blonde beauty to give her better access. She had never had anyone lick her from behind like this. It was so liberating. She had guys go down on her before, but they were always nervous and didn't quite know what to do with her clitoris once they found it. But, this was like Miranda was reading her mind. Just when she felt the urge to come, Miranda would plunge her tongue deep inside her to prolong the feeling for a bit longer. Then when the urge to come subsided a bit, she would return to licking her clit again. She felt like she was going to explode when Miranda sucked on her pussy lips and clit at the same time. Miranda inserted two of her fingers inside Helen, pressed down towards her g-spot and flicked her tongue over her clit until the build up inside her became too much and she came then and there on the bathroom floor. She let out a loud scream and thrust her hips towards Miranda's face smothering her in pussy juice.

Helen felt a rush of warm water trickle down her leg as she came on Miranda's face and turned around to see Miranda sitting there with water all over her face and chest. She was horrified to think that she might have peed on this stranger's face the moment she came.

"I believe you're a squirter." Miranda grinned looking down at her soaked chest.

"I'm so sorry!" cried Helen in a state of shock. She had heard of women squirting before, but she'd never experienced it. "I'm so, so, sorry! I've never done that before." she had never felt more embarrassed in her life!

"Don't apologize. I love it!" laughed Miranda. "I haven't made a woman squirt for ages. It's good to know that I can still do it."

"You did that on purpose?" questioned Helen, with wide eyes.

"Of course. And, if you ask nicely, I'll show you how to do it to me one day." She smiled. 

Helen was in shock. Why had this woman had made her squirt all over her face on purpose? How could somebody enjoy that? The whole top half of her body was soaked in her pussy juices and she loved it. Was that normal? She thought to herself that a woman had just made her come. That wasn't normal either and she had enjoyed that. So maybe it wasn't such a bad thing after all? Did she want to learn how to make a woman squirt? She felt like she had just been introduced to a whole new world. She sat there and wondered if she would see Miranda again after today, or whether her life would just continue on the same path that she had originally been on when she heard the door handle turn slightly. Helen jumped to her feet and ran over to her clothes and hurried to put them back on.
