 I don't know why I went there. At least not when I walked down the narrow hallway into the room with low lights and sweat in the air. I suppose it was my dissatisfaction with the evening. Another night of love making with my husband that left me frustrated and unsatisfied. I am not an unfaithful person and I did not consider going there an act of unfaithfulness. Instead I thought of it as a place for myself. Something I had to do and even more than that, something I needed to do.

So there I was, wearing my black knee length skirt, white button down shirt and netted stockings. I tied my hair back, put on some fun red lip stick, my black lace bra and thong complete with my black heels. The issue I had before I left was my glasses. I mean, did I want to look like a school teacher? Since I was a school teacher I decided to keep the glasses. Contacts were too much trouble and I my husband would be suspicious. This was after all, a girl's night out. Or so I told him.

Laura was meeting me there. It really was her whole idea, and had I known all her intentions and ideas, I am not sure I would have went. Actually, who am I kidding? I know I would have. I needed to go. Laura spent the last month convincing me of that. 

My phone buzzed in my purse as I stood awkwardly in the doorway. I checked it and saw that Laura would be late. Typical. I was here on my own. But where was here?

The place was called the Daffodil on the corner not six blocks from my house. I never noticed the small neon sign all the times I had walked down the sidewalk by it. It didn't look like much from the outside. Just a brick building on a street of brick buildings. Once I stepped through the thick windowless door, I thought I was in the wrong place. It was just a hallway leading into the dark. If it wasn't for the dull sound of music coming from somewhere in the dark I would have left. I am glad I didn't.

I took a seat in a booth near the entrance so Laura could see me when she came in and took in the scene. The ceiling was low and arched, leading all the way to the bar. The bartender was attractive man probably in his mid twenties—just a bit younger than me. He knew his business too, flinging the shots this way and that. I liked his firm jaw line and I suppose that was when I had my first thought of the night: I wondered what he would look like licking my pussy.

There were several couples sitting at the bar. I supposed for this kind of place there would be more men than women. Thankfully I was wrong. I suppose there are more women than just myself wanting to expand their sex life. Especially wanting to expand it with strangers. 

Then a waitress approached my table, and I realized exactly where I was. She was tall—like almost six feet with long legs coming out of her bikini bottoms and a great set of boobs jiggling free as she walked. Her hair was short and jet black, allowing more attention to be paid to her pouting mouth and seductive eyes. I was uncomfortable to be sure, but I did my best to look like I belonged there. I no doubt failed.

"New hear huh?" she said as soon as she was next to the table. She could see that I was slightly blushing and trying not to glance at her naked boobs. 

"How could you tell?" I asked trying to be coy. She really did have a great body.

"You have that...new face look about you dear," she said with a smile. Seeing my blushing reaction she added, "Don't worry about it though. Need a drink to ease the tension?"

I smiled thankfully and ordered a sapphire martini. Kind of a guy's drink but it was the first thing that popped into my head. She turned and left and I watched her swaying hips go as she walked away. 

I watched her interact with the bartender and I wondered if he was gay. He nodded to her then continued about his work without so much as acknowledging her tits that were just pointing at him. I swore all guys loved tits. That's why I picked the bra I picked. 

I looked over the rest of the room and noticed three other waitresses walking around. All topless and wearing some kind of bikini bottom. I wondered how it worked. Were they here for sex too? I thought back to Laura's descriptions of the place. She told me her friend had come here on accident just looking for a dive to get hammered at. Instead she found out that this was a club—of sorts. A place where people came to be in the dark...to do dark things. To be free to open up. Laura's friend described as a place to descend to your carnal self. Not sure what that meant at the time and now I was doubly unsure.

My drink arrived shortly after and the waitress simply smiled and walked away. Not two seconds later, to my great relief, Laura arrived. Now Laura has always been my sort of work crush. That is to say, I am not a lesbian—I kissed a girl once in college before I was married and that's it—but Laura had the looks and the personality of a women that every other sexually repressed women wanted to be with. She always appeared neat, professional, beautiful and had no qualms about having a filthy mouth and mind. I loved to talk about sex with Laura and I suppose that is what led me to be here to begin with.

She saw me immediately and smiled as she walked over. She was a blonde (aren't they always), with great skin, green eyes and a mouth that could be best described as flirty. She wore a green halter top and clearly no bra. Her tight jeans made her legs look heavenly and they snuggled comfortable against her ass. She slid into the booth next to me dousing me in her expensive perfume.

"Ok so I totally thought this was the wrong place," Laura said with a laugh. "But I am glad to see you found it ok...whoa look at the tits on her."

The waitress approached us and said, "Now there are two of you. Anymore to join you or...?"

"Um...just the two of us," I said nervously.

"Good...what will you have gorgeous?" The waitress said turning to Laura.

Laura was not shy about looking at her boobs. "Are those real?" She asked to my embarrassment. 

"What do you think?" The waitress replied.

"Well that usually means they are fake," Laura replied. "But you spared no expense."

The waitress laughed. "Actually they are real. Quite real." She moved closer to us and leaned over the table. "Go ahead and touch them." My husband would be in heaven.

I blushed and Laura reached out. She touched the left breast with her hand and instantly we watched the nipple harden and perk up. 

"Your hands are cold!" The waitress said and stepped back laughing. 

Laura laughed, but I saw something in her eye I couldn't place. I was glad she was here...but I also wondered how long we should stay. 

She ordered a drink and just watched the waitress walk away. "Um...wow." She said as soon as the waitress was out of earshot. 

"Yeah...quite a body huh?" I said.

"We should be so lucky," Laura said turning to me.

Her drink came and then we had more drinks. That was the kind of night it started out as. Some drinks to get comfortable and some drinks to unwind. I think I felt safe drinking. We saw several people come in and out of the various doors around the dark place, but we were content just to sit and talk. I told Laura about my husband's love making and we had a good laugh. I felt better and I felt like I could go back and try again with him. I think I would have too if Laura hadn't suddenly kissed me.  

I knew she was drunk and I was too, so I wasn't sure what to think. But she just planted one on my mouth. She took my hand as I sort of reeled and said, "I always wanted to kiss you. You always look so clam, proper and put together." She leaned closer to me, "and honestly you have great lips."

I smiled, blushed and my head was spinning. Was this happening? I supposed it was after she kissed me again. Her lips were soft and gentle—just the way I knew they would be. I kissed her back and she opened her mouth just enough for me to touch her lips with my tongue. It was soft and sensitive. It was what I needed. 

I opened my mouth to tell her I wanted to kiss her...to have my hands on her body ever since my first day at the office. But as soon as I did she kissed me and her tongue filled my mouth. I could say at that moment my heart started to race. Her tongue was sweet from her drink and I licked it with my tongue. She kissed in a way I had never been kissed before—gently but aggressively. She sucked my tongue and licked my lips. Her hands were over my shoulders and teasing at the collar of my shirt.

"Had enough to drink ladies?" Our waitress said. 

I jerked my head backing a daze. What the hell was I doing? I just kissed my friend. Is that cheating? I wanted to leave.

"Why don't you two follow me?" The waitress said taking Laura's hand. She in turn took mine and I followed through a doorway and into another dark hall. I hoped no one saw me. I hoped that I could find a way out of here. I had to admit that I was feel damp however and that was something I hadn't felt in a long time.

We were led into a room with a bed, a bathroom and another door on the opposite wall. Laura stepped in and walked toward the bed. The waitress stood in the doorway and waited for me. Did I leave? I felt like this was the jumping in point. I looked at her and she stood with her hands on her hips staring right at me. "Are you going to come in?" She finally asked.

I took a few hesitant steps and entered the room. She followed me in and closed the door behind her. Laura looked a little drunk but sat on the edge of the bed with her legs open. I noticed her hard nipples through the thin fabric of her shirt. I didn't know what to do so I sat down beside her and crossed my legs.

"I am going to be straightforward," the waitress began. She stepped forward and kept her hands at her side. "It was really hot watching you two kiss and honestly...School Teacher," she looked at me. "You are gorgeous."

She walked toward us and Laura slid her hand up against her stomach. "What's you name?" Laura asked, brushing her fingers gingerly over the girl's skin.

"Jen," she said. I could see she was breathing faster and her boobs were perking up. Mine were too if I was honest.

Laura ran her hand up Jen's body and gripped her breast. She moved her hand in a circle and really held Jen's boob tightly. She leaned forward, squeezed Jen's tit so the nipple stuck out and licked it. Jen sucked in air and leaned forward so Laura's tongue could have full range. I watched. What was I supposed to do? I didn't watch porn. I didn't have wild sex. I didn't know what to do. So I watched.

Laura began to suck Jen's nipple and took it greedily in her mouth. She had the other hand on Jen's other breast and she was rubbing it. I could see Jen liked it and I liked watching it. I was really getting wet and I crossed my legs a few times for some friction. 

Jen's tit popped from Laura's mouth and Laura kissed her stomach. Soft kisses that moved in circles around Jen's belly button. Jen reached over and untied Laura's halter top. It fell over, uncovering Laura's bare chest. Her boobs were perky and nipples rigid. They were exactly as I imagined and I had to confess that I always wanted to touch them.

Laura worked her way out of her shirt then stood up and kissed Jen deeply. Their naked tops pressed against each other—their boobs bulging out to the side. I was wet. I wasn't the masturbating type and to be honest, before that night it had never really occurred to me. I didn't know how so I just sat there and sort of moved my legs and rubbed my chest. It was a nice feeling watching them enjoy it so much.

Jen's hands ran down Laura's back and over her butt. She wasn't a fan of the jeans, I could tell because she went straight to the front and after some effort unbuttoned them. Laura wiggled out of them revealing a purple thong and an ass that I had been killing myself at the gym to get. It was almost perfectly round and symmetrical: The line of her purple thong disappearing into the crack formed by her two flawless, smooth cheeks. 

Jen's hands were on Laura's ass immediately, pulling and squeezing her cheeks. I caught glimpses of the thong as her cheeks were squeezed, spread and jiggled by Jen's hands. I was glad that I had been religious about waxing as I saw that her legs and ass were completely hairless. I wondered about her front. I didn't have to wait long.

Jen pushed Laura back to the bed and got on her knees. She looked up at Laura lustfully and pushed Laura's legs to either side. "I want to eat your pussy." Jen said in almost a growl. 

Laura nodded in lustful compliance and slid out of her thong as quickly and fluidly as she could. Her pussy was nearly hairless with just a line of it running up on the top. It fit the rest of her body very well. She lifted up her legs and set them on Jen's shoulders. Jen looked up at her full of lust and as Laura ran her hands through Jen's short hair she slid up to Laura's very wet pussy with her mouth open.

As soon as she touched it, she was moaning and sucking. As best as I could tell she was working well down there because Laura was grinding her hips against Jen's mouth. "Oh my..." she said breathlessly.

Jen shook and nodded her head against Laura's pussy and I could only imagine what she was doing with her tongue and mouth. Laura was almost upright, with both hands against Jen's head, writhing against her rhythmically. Laura's boobs bounced with each gyration and I was overwhelmed with watching her tits and Jen's head. I focused on her tits and I knew my mouth was open. It was now or never. 

I slid closer and grabbed her jiggling breast and sucked it. I let it fill my mouth as I sucked and bit her nipple. Lust took me over and I grabbed her other breast, squeezing it. "Oh shit...Heidi...oh shit..." She almost called out and her nipple was rock hard against my teeth. I sucked and sucked...losing myself in her flesh. She pressed her hand against my head and cried out loudly, "Like that...like that...I am cumming....oh....oh..." She arched and came. Her body flexing as she did.

She fell back and her boob slipped from my mouth. It was red and covered with spit. I stared at her as I fumbled with the buttons on my shirt and almost tore it open. Jen was on her knees fingering Laura's pussy slowly. Watching her as she did it. She looked up at me as I slid out of my shirt. Her mouth was open and I slid to the floor next to her and kissed her. 

Her face was wet and he mouth tasted different. I know it was Laura's pussy all over her and I gave in further. I licked at mouth and lips. She continued to finger Laura and had one hand against me. I pushed her back and unsnapped my bra. 

"Oh Heidi...your tits..." Laura said looking at me. 

Jen pulled her two fingers from Laura's pussy and sucked them. She looked at me greedily and I slid back for a moment. Laura was laying propped up on her hands staring at my boobs. Jen was on her knees looking into my eyes with hunger. I had never been looked at like that before. I was so wet. This is what I wanted. This is what I needed.

"Take your clothes off...all of them," Jen demanded. Her voice was loud, almost angry. I was startled, but compliant and I worked the snap of my skirt. I slid out of it and my thong in one motion. My pussy was wet and I couldn't help but feel a little exposed.

I rolled over to the head of the bed and sat leaning against it and watching the two girls climb onto the end of it. Both of their naked bodies looking so natural next to one another. "Now School Teacher," Jen said. "Tell us what you want."

"What?" I asked a little taken back.

Laura had the same serious look. "What do you want us to do to you?"

I felt strange. I was almost shaking with lust. I felt exposed...my pussy was wet and I was already sitting in a pool of my own juice. I didn't know what to say.

"What do you want?" Jen asked crawling a little closer. "Do you want me to suck on those tits...I think that's too tame." 

Laura followed up, "Come on Heidi...I know you check out my ass at work. You have me here, right now fucking naked and horny as shit. What do you want?" She looked at my pussy and opened her mouth.

"I..." my mind was blank. I mean what the hell? I squirmed. 

"What do you want?" Jen yelled. She slapped my thigh. 

"Ow..." I said. So confused. Scared. Excited. 

"Do you want me to lick your pussy?" Laura said running her hands up my thighs. My body tingled and I wiggled. "Sort of innocent..."

"I am not sure she is so innocent," Jen said. 

I was shaking at Laura's touch. "Laura...please...eat my pussy..."

Laura dove into me. Her mouth was over my clit before I could breathe out. She nibbled it with her lips and I was so horny each touch just sent waves up my body. She sucked my clit and slid a finger into me. I breathed heavily...pushed my arms over my head and squirmed.

Jen slid up next to me, licked my boobs and then my mouth. She kissed me deeply massaging my tongue with hers. I could still taste Laura's pussy on her and it drove me wild. She started to suck my tongue and I stuck it out for her. I felt Laura's teeth on my clit and she fingered me harder. I opened my legs wider.

Jen sucked on my earlobe. "I think you're a dirty girl." She whispered in my ear. She kissed me again then added, "Aren't you? You wouldn't come here if you weren't wanting something more."

She grabbed her breast and fed it to me. I licked at the nipple and moaned as Laura continued on my pussy. My mind was racing and I knew Jen was right. I was here. I had thoughts...I had feelings. I had needs. I had been fucked so poorly my whole life. Tonight was the night. Lust was taking me over.

I sucked Jen's tits greedily then looked up at her. "I want your pussy." I whispered to her and lay back. Jen straddled my chest then slid her body up to my face. Her pussy was wet and glistening in front of me. I had never seen another woman's pussy so close, but the smell was driving me wild. I grabbed her ass and pulled her to my mouth. 

I licked her slit and found her clit with my lips. It was like kissing an open mouth and I tongued her then nibbled her clit. She grabbed my hair and began to grind against my mouth. I felt her wetness on my face and in my mouth and suddenly I came. I screamed into Jen's pussy as Laura fingered me as I came. I felt my body want to explode and I licked and sucked harder and faster.

"That's a good girl," Jen said grinding against my mouth. "Shit...I am gonna cum...oh my..." 

I felt her cum as she shook and I gripped her ass tightly with both hands. She ground my mouth quickly then slid back and breathed heavily. Her pussy was red and swollen in front of me. I tried to lick at it as I felt myself wanting more.

Laura smiled at me. "You ate that pussy like a bitch."

"I want more," I said staring at her. "Let me see your ass."

Laura turned around and leaned over. I was hit with a flashback of her leaning over near my desk...that was the first time I stared at Laura's ass and now here it was. 

She got on all fours and arched her back looking back at me. Her blond hair fell to the side and she winked at me. Her round ass was very firm and perfectly fit. Her cheeks were pressed together near the top where I guessed her puckered asshole was. I saw her swollen lips against her thighs and I sat up and put my hands on her cheeks. I gripped them tightly then pulled them apart and I saw her little dark asshole. I stuck out my tongue and licked her left butt cheek.

She shuttered and I slid one finger into her pussy. I knew she liked to be fingered from behind because I loved it. I loved how deep it went. I stuck another finger in and started to fuck her. She moaned as I slid my fingers in and out. I took my fingers out and spread her cheeks so I could get my mouth in there. My tongue slid in and she pressed against me. I knew her ass was against my face and I went wild. I started to fuck her pussy with my tongue. With both hands on her hips I tongued her and she moaned as I did it. 
