 Sarah's eyes widened at the sight of the tiny, winged woman before her, only a couple inches away from her face. Now that she was closer she noticed a few things she hadn't noticed before. Her ears were pointed, her eyes were a light purple and had an almost perfect hourglass figure.

"Wh...what...are...?" Sarah stammered.

"What am I? I thought that was obvious, I'm a Pixie." She answered as if it was the most normal thing in the world.

"Bu...but...Pixies aren't real!" Sarah stammered, the Pixie froze, her hand shooting to her bosom, she began to fall and landed on the silk sheets.

'Oh my god...I think I just killed her.' Sarah mentally gasped as she paled, unable to stop herself she lowered her face, closer to the Pixie, her heart pounding out of fear that she had killed something. She nearly jumped out of her skin when the diminutive Pixie's eyes snapped open and she started laughing like crazy, Sarah's pulled back with incredible speed, her heart beating faster than ever.

"Man that never gets old." The Pixie laughed as she wiped a tear from her eye and flew back up, stopping a few feet above the sheets.

"B...but..." Sarah stammered.

"Oh come on, honestly ever since Peter Pan everyone believes if you say you don't believe in me I'd die and remember they were fairies, I'm a Pixie and that whole 'I don't believe thing' is a bunch of bull anyway." The Pixie stated as she put her hands on her hips and leaned lightly forward.

Sarah's eyes widened as her mind finally processed what the redheaded Pixie had said to her when she'd woken up in that bed.

"Hold on, you said that...I'm..." She found herself unable to finish her own sentence.

"Hell? Yep, you died and now you've being sent to Hell." The Pixie stated.

"What?! But how can I be in Hell...I never did anything bad." Sarah argued, her eyes widening as memories of how she died resurfaced, her knees came up to her chest as she curled up and in on herself.

"Guess you remember how you died, sorry." The Pixie said softly.

"I...I was...raped...and..." She drifted off.

"It's best not to dwell on your death, it's psychologically damaging." The redhead said, her tone almost motherly as she flew over to Sarah and landed upon her knees, still hidden beneath the silk sheets.

"Why am I here?" Sarah asked, not wanting to talk about how she came to be there.

"I don't know, Mistress just told us we'd be getting a new arrival today, we watched how you died through a visual portal...only she knows how any of us came to be here but more than not it's because we made a deal with, sometimes we didn't even know it." The redhead explained.

"What do you mean?" Sarah asked.

"When I was alive I was...a manager for a handful of actors, one day she came into my office and offered me a chance to get a contract with the all star actor of that time, in return all she said was that I'd owe her but she made it clear she didn't want anything I owned or any of my contacts...when I asked what the payment was she said I'd know in two months." She explained.

"And then?" Sarah pushed.

"Two months later on that very day...well night, I was drinking with a few friends, had too much and fell into the road, that car was too close and going to fast...it tried to swerve...all it did was take me with it...like I said we try not to think about it." She explained, her face falling.

"I guess this means you used to be human." Sarah said softly, the redhead nodded, her expression becoming joyful once again after a few moments.

"So how'd...?" Sarah nodded at the Pixie.

"How'd I become a Pixie?" She finished, Sarah nodded, "when the Mistress takes in new slaves they're human like yourself at the start but then she has a habit of turning us into other things, sometimes we'll an object, others demons or other supernatural creatures, our form is hers to choose." The Pixie explained, not seeming to mind at all about how much power her 'Mistress' had over her.

"So she killed you and turned you into a Pixie?" Sarah asked, feeling rage begin to bubble within her, the redhead began to laugh at this, Sarah frowned.

"No. She doesn't kill us, she simply chooses mortals and makes a deal with them and then lets fate deliver us to her, she does know how and when we'll die but she has nothing to do with it, its just a coincidence that she came to me so close to my death, heck she came to some of us on our deathbed, usually offering them a bit longer to live or if they had a bad life, offers them a new one or a chance to be happy in death...others she comes to at a young age, some made their deals at sixteen, promised a good life, they certainly got it, with interest." She explained.

"You keep saying 'us' and 'others' how many people has she done this to?" Sarah asked.

"Dozens...maybe hundreds, maybe more, she's lived a long life, so she's formed a lot of contracts, most of them are probably objects in her home...or are in storage, not that they mind, over time we just are happy to serve the Mistress be it as a slave, a peace of furniture, an article of clothing, a lover or to just sleep in storage for a while, she treats us well if we behave and well...we all just grow feelings for her." She explained.

"What's storage?" Sarah asked.

"Basically she reduces you to your essence and contains you in a pocket dimension, you're not aware of anything and simply sleep, dreaming...not favourable but she keeps them happy and has made it so you could spend a thousand years sleeping, dreaming of whatever you enjoy and not even realise a minute has passed." The Pixie explained.

"But still, why am I here?" Sarah asked, trying to push the idea of 'storage' from her mind.

"You probably made a deal." She answered.

"I never made any deals though." Sarah explained.

"You probably just didn't realise it, either way though when you meet the Mistress it'll all become clear." She explained.

"And when do I meet her?" Sarah asked, fear infiltrating her tone.

"When she sends for you, I'm just here to meet you and fill you in on where you are and such, before you started to panic and cause too much of a ruckus." She explained.

"Yo! Red you finished explaining I want meet the new meat." A new voice called, Sarah flinched at her description.

"Yeah, she's still a bit scared but that's expected, so don't mess with her." The Pixie now identified as Red answered, the curtains were parted by a slender hand to reveal a raven haired woman, her hair hanging free and surrounding her bare DD breasts, she placed her hands on the bed and pulled herself onto the bed.

Sarah relaxed a bit at seeing she looked normal only to stiffen when she saw her serpent lower half. The new arrival smirked as she inhaled Sarah's scent of fear at the sight of her.

"This is Sarah." The winged redhead introduced.

"Nice to meet ya. My name's Veronica." The Lamia greeted as she extended her hand to Sarah as her tail slithered closer to Sarah, stopping when it reached her silk clad legs.

"S...s...same here." Sarah stammered politely as she took the Lamia's hand and shook it, Veronica flashed her a fanged smirk. She turned to the Pixie.

"Red, the Mistress sent me to retrieve the new girl." Veronica stated.

"Okay." She answered.

"Red?" Sarah found herself asking before she could stop herself.

"Nickname Veronica came up with, hence the lack of originality, my name's Anne." Anne answered as she turned to Sarah, not noticing the serpent tail come up behind her, raise its tip before slamming it atop her.

"Originality? Honestly Red only you'd be stupid enough to insult someone who could squash you without a second thought, Sarah paled. Veronica lifted her tail to reveal Anne unharmed, it slid around her and curled around the pixie and lifted her into the air.

"Don't worry kid, we can't be hurt or killed thanks to the Mistress." Veronica explained.

"Speak for yourself, that hurt like hell!" Anne yelled, only to have the tail ease up and cover her mouth.

"Now come on, it's a bad idea to keep the Mistress waiting" Veronica stated.

"Err...okay." Sarah stammered as she moved out and atop of the silk sheets, revealing her naked body, she blushed and covered herself up.

"Oh honestly, we're all naked here no one will care if you are, now come one." Veronica stated, her tone becoming inpatient, Sarah's blush now covered her whole body but she reluctantly began to follow after the Lamia, doing her best to cover herself up.