 After the pain of the breakup of her relationship with her father Tihana has been re building her life and had found solace in a career in PR. Her looks and personality were natural attributes for this role and exposed her almost daily to the continuing adoration from work colleagues and clients.

The lift doors opened onto the wide reception area, the cool lighting reflecting off the marbled floor. Luxurious leather armchairs scattered the area and, although the reception was busy, there was a hushed -- almost reverent -- authority to the office.

"Hi Tihana", beamed the receptionist.

"Hi, Lola" came the brief reply, accompanied by my trademark knowing smile; a cross between a shy, eye averting curl of the lips and full blown grin. Lola looked away and immediately began shuffling papers self consciously.

Lola had been flirting for some months now, knowing that there was an underlying sexual tension to this morning ritual yet not having the courage or, maybe, desire, to take things further. Anyway, it always brightened my day and, one day I mused, I would have to take control and break the sanctity of this ritual with an innocent invitation, heavy with an air of expectancy.

As I walked through the reception, heels clicking on the marble floor, the mainly male congregation in the reception turned as one to look. I smiled inwardly as they feasted on me - it is always a turn on to be adored. As was the way for the colder months of the year I wore a blue trench coat topped with a leather cap, set slightly jauntily, blonde hair curling beneath it. Sliding the cupboard door to one side I slipped out of my coat, like a teasing strip dance, revealing a charcoal suit, tailored into her waist and with a flirtingly short skirt and stiletto ankle boots. Not exactly regulation office wear, but I was never conventional in that way and it had been ingrained in me over the past few years to dress sexually -- but with of course, as much style and class as possible.

Turning on my heels, I paused to check my look in the mirror that covered the entire wall of the reception, teasingly slowly, and then swept out of the room, leaving a sense of longing hanging in the air.

The morning passed quickly as I became absorbed in my work and it was only the automated meeting alarm that jolted me back to reality and my lunch time meeting. I was meeting Fiona, the owner of a transportation company that we were doing some PR and marketing work for. At the pitch for the business a few weeks ago I could feel her eyes boring into me. Normally I am so used to being looked at that I am almost oblivious to attention. Of course, I do notice, register it, and am always flattered that my effort in presenting myself is met with appreciation -- by either sex. However, Fiona's stare was somewhat disconcerting and I had caught myself blushing on a number of occasions.

It was big pitch and there were three of us: Stephen, our MD, and Thomas, the lead account manager with a background in media marketing. I was there to cover PR activity. It was a warm day so I was wearing a baby blue dress, mid length so the hem hovered half way up my thigh, and open sandals with a stiletto heel. I had taken off my jacket, white thin linen, and handed it to the secretary when I first noticed her staring at me. She started off with my eyes, looking deep into them and with a steady gaze, until I flushed and looked away. Then I could feel her assessing my figure and lingering more than could be considered polite.

She was dismissive of my colleagues for the informal "meet and greet" and barked questions at me -- how long had I been at the company, was I more than just a pretty face when it came to PR, how do you quantify the return on investment for the fees we would charge, was I married, boyfriend or (with a sly smile) perhaps a partner, how could I make a haulage company a sexy brand and what special attributes did I have to bring to the table. 

Throughout the meeting she had stared at me, sitting still in her chair at the head of the table, pen in hand, a smile creeping across her face as I absent mindedly played with my hair as a kind of nervous reaction to her gaze....and the more she looked, the more I fiddled with my locks, and the more the she stared and half smiled.

And the more I blushed.

She had a boyish look to her. Broad shoulders, shoulder length black hair, wearing grey trousers and a man's white shirt. She explained to the meeting that she had inherited the company when it was on its last legs and only by working all the hours there were, and driving some of the fleet from coast to coast herself to fulfil orders did she manage to turn the business around. She now wanted to move to the next step and expand. Which is where we came in.

The pitch was successful and we were hired. I had a call a few days later from Fiona. To thank me for my contribution to the meeting and wanting to buy me lunch to agree the content for a series of press releases. Unless, of course, I would find dinner more convenient and relaxing and would give us more opportunity to get to know each other -- oh yeah, I had thought!

Which is why we now sat in a rudimentary but functional restaurant. Fiona had turned up on a motorbike and was wearing jeans and under the bikers leather jacket a t-shirt vest made of a silky material that left little to the imagination as her heavy breasts pressed against the material. I noticed that even though her breasts were firm there was no tell tale excitement and she was obviously dressed for comfort on her bike. Which no doubt went some way to explain the nature of the venue. I had been certainly nervous before we met, which is why I had let work absorb me so much earlier that day as a distraction. She had made me very uncomfortable at the pitch and it didn't take a genius to work out her sexual preferences and her obvious interest.

Still, it is my job and I am good at it. And I am well practiced at the gentle let down should she choose to continue with her tactic of stripping me with her eyes or being suggestive. Fiona was, today, focused on business to the exclusion of all things, even the traditional small talk that pervades meetings whilst surveying menus. She had waved them away, ordered for both of us, before asking as an aside if I was comfortable with what she had ordered, and ran through her agenda. Neither a comment nor look that could be considered inappropriate.

Perhaps she too had felt that her behaviours at the pitch was unprofessional and unkind or maybe she was just trying to put us off balance in the pitch by picking on the weakest member of the team?

So, it took me completely unawares when she leant over and gripped my knee. I could feel the strength in her fingers. "I want you to go the private toilet, and undress" she commanded, "Now!" 

For some reason I just did as I was told. It was not that she was attractive or sexy -- she was not feminine like Lola, my normal type of girl, but strong, bold, and with an overwhelming personal presence that I was both wary of but also, clearly subconsciously attracted to. Or maybe it was something in my makeup that craved danger?

I stood in the middle of the toilet. It was a big room. Made to accommodate wheel chairs, with a big mirror one side of the wall. I just stood there and stared at myself in the mirror and then the door opened, and shut behind me. I could hear the click of the lock. 

"I said undress".

Startled I slipped off my jacket letting it fall to the floor and then undid one button, then another, until my blouse hung open, my arms dangling by my side. She was suddenly in front of me and caressed my hair out of my face, gently cupping my chin between strong fingers, holding me firmly. She leant forward and I could smell her breath on my face. She nuzzled her lips against my neck, her hands on my waist but barely touching. Then her lips sought out mine. So soft and innocent then a little flick of her tongue as she licked my lips. I opened my mouth and she was in me, her tongue leisurely playing with mine. I went into a kind of trance.

So there I was in the toilet and she had just kissed me. It was such a lovely soft gentle kiss - unexpected from her. I can still remember her lips barely touching me. Maybe it was more amazing because of how apprehensive I felt. The contradiction really appealed to me.

So, then, she ran her hands inside my shirt, which if you remember I had opened. She then pinched my nipple, quite hard and painfully. But that was also nice in a way. My heart was beating very fast and I was in this kind of dream world where I felt all woozy. Then she just slipped off my shirt and undid my bra, casting it to the floor, sighing with delight as she exposed my breasts, with my pale pink nipples invitingly erect. All the time she was talking to me, telling me that I was so sexy, so pure but so naughty. And that I had to do what she said if I wanted to enjoy the most amazing orgasm. 

She stood back then and told me to take off the rest of my clothes apart from my heels. I was still frozen like a rabbit caught in the headlights and just stood there. She told me again. Startled, I undid the zip on my mini skirt and let it fall to the floor. She took a couple of steps towards me and put her fingers inside me without warning. I was so excited I just opened up for her inviting her to push her fingers into me. Then she pulled them out and put the fingers in my mouth and told me to lick it. I remember sucking them so hard as if it was a cock and she forced her hand deeper into my mouth so I could hardly breathe. She stood back again and told me to kick away the skirt and she then quickly stepped towards me again and slapped my bottom hard so it stung.

I think I must have moaned or something because she just smiled and said I was a good girl and that I must now take my knickers off and masturbate for her. She said I had to take them off very, very slowly and keep my heels on because I looked good in them but also because the heels made my leg muscles and buttocks tight and that increased the sensation -- and my enjoyment. So now I'm naked apart from stockings and heels and I have my hand over my pussy and I'm just standing there. "Darling" she says "don't be so prudish and move your hand so I can see your pussy, and then tease yourself but do it slowly, very slowly and look at me all the time. I want to see the pleasure in your eyes".

My insides were churning away and I'm feeling naughty and sexy and also way out of my depth. She just stands there, arms crossed, leaning against the door watching me with a smile on her face, whispering little words of encouragement.

I remember having a little quivery orgasm and I moaned a little. "Come here sweet girl" she said. Then as I got near her she took my hand and placed it on her bosom and squeezed my hand onto her. "Feel me" she said "feel how watching you masturbate has turned me on" and I caressed her breasts through her t shirt, her nipples now hard, like bullets, straining against the thin material. "Now suck them" she said. I began to lift her t shirt off and she grabbed my hair in her hand and pulls my head back. That hurt. "No Ti through my t shirt". Then she pulled my head onto her. "Suck". 

So I did. My mouth filled with the silky material as I sucked and sucked and she twisted my hair around her fingers so it hurt a bit but made me suck even harder making her t shirt wet with my saliva. "Now the other one, babe" and as I sucked her I could see her pull the wet t shirt material tight over the nipple I had just been sucking, so that the material moulded itself over the shape of her breast and nipple like it was sprayed on and then squeezed it hard, so she closed her eyes in a moment of pleasure pain.

After a while, she pulled my head up again and put her arms around my waist and pulled me into her, tightly, with fondness. I could feel her strength. She had very hard muscles but covered with soft skin. The combination was fantastic: the strength and the softness. Leather and silk. She said I was beautiful and that she hadn't been able to think of anything else since the time she met me and that she had been very aroused by me during the presentation and had been nervous when she called to make the appointment in case she had been too obvious.

She then kissed me, so very gently that I felt I was going to melt. I looked again at myself in the mirror -- her fully clothed, with the silk t shirt vest wet from my sucking and me virtually naked. 

Her combination of sexual aggression and dominance, and soft, sensual loving kisses was confusing my natural responses and heightening all my senses. Her tongue was barely out of her mouth and she ran it over my lips. I just closed my eyes and enjoyed the tingle throughout my body as she held me and caressed me, kissing so gently and sucking my bottom lip into her mouth and gently, gently biting it. It was total dreamtime.

My hands were now under her t shirt caressing her back. Feeling her back muscles ripple as she moved, like a powerful animal... She was gently rocking her pelvis into me, grinding against me. It was very hypnotic and I was so high it was unbelievable. "Mmmm", she said, as I ran my hands over her back "......take it off..."

So I pulled off her top. She was magnificent. Her muscles so defined, across her shoulders and upper arms and under her rib cage running down to her navel he abs were very prominent. Her skin tone was dark and vibrant and round her waist hung a silver chain, linked to a belly button ring highlighting a tattoo of wings running across her waist onto her back. She also had a big necklace with an angel on it. I pulled at her belt and started to undo her jeans. I tried to kiss her but she moved her head back. I tried again. Again she moved and laughed at me, teasing me as we played cat and mouse. I tried again and she lunged at me and grabbed my head, enveloping my mouth with hers and forcing her tongue into me and rolling it in my mouth so I began to suck on it, pulling her tongue into my mouth. I could tell from the quickening of her breath that this was turning her on. As I continued to suck her tongue I pulled at her jeans and fumbled at the buttons and just as I started to pull them down over her hips she pushed me down by the shoulders so I was kneeling in front of her. "Worship me" she said.

I was almost out of breath after sucking her tongue which had seemed to grow bigger in my mouth and had begun to create the initial waves of an orgasm.

I buried my head in her stomach and traced my tongue lightly over her belly also running the nails of my fingers over the ridges of muscle tone, a feeling that was doing my head in with desire. And I could smell her body - sweet and feminine, yet musky.

As I was kissing her stomach and pulling her jeans down so she could step out of them she pushed my head down. She wants me to suck her through her knickers I thought. So I did. She moaned "oh yes, oh yes" then began to grind against me, pulling at the sides of her kickers until she eased them down and stood there proudly in front of me, the musky smell from her intoxicating me.

"Lie on the floor" she instructed. I did. It was cold. She knelt between my legs, pulling my legs apart and wrapping them around her waist. Then she leant down and stared to kiss me again and as she was kissing me she picked up her knickers and worked them between us so we were kissing through the fabric, both tasting her scent.

She sat up and pulled my legs tighter around her, until I could feel her wet pussy on mine, grinding herself against me, our juices lubricating the love dance. As she pushed into me she forced her knickers into my mouth making them into a soft ball. I began to fight a little for breath and she pushed my legs apart and back towards my body, leaning against my legs and my chest so I found it even harder to breathe. She was watching my face intently now and I could see a strange look on her face. Part concentration, part deep emotional intensity as she was savouring every moment, perhaps holding back her orgasm.

She was rubbing her pussy closely against me now and I could feel her working her fingers between us, opening my labial lips and pushing them apart to expose my clitoris before adjusting herself in the same way...so, fully opened we could rub each other. She had all my weight in her arms and was controlling the thrusts against me. Again that look of concentration.

I was beginning to feel faint now and tried to spit out the ball of knickers in my mouth until she pushed it back in and smiled, whispering that I should just let go. As I began to see spots in front of my eyes, my body became more alive than it had done for years and I could feel the familiar sensation of a deep orgasm beginning to build. Fiona detected this small, but vital change, and gripping me tighter quickened her movements as she continued to rub her clitoris against mine, digging her nails in as she did so and all the while watching me as I struggled for breath and then timing the explosion to perfection......as I exploded and juices flooded from me, she let out a guttural groan, pushed violently against me for a second as he groaned again and Then she pulled the kickers out of my mouth and as she started to kiss me again I could feel her fingers tracing over my pussy and then in and out of me, in and out. Slowly then, faster, then slowly until I came again.

She rolled off me and lay on her back, exhausted from her physical exertions. I raised myself up, resting on my elbow, looking into her face, and smiling, the warm glow of orgasm coursing through my body, my nerves and senses alive. Her eyes were closed, as if savouring the moment, her body heaving with deep breaths, her breasts firm and proud.

I took in the magnificence of her body....marveling at her masculinity and strength, feeling a rush of desire to be taken by this powerful lover again, who took her pleasure from me better than any other man had done before, and yet had shown a feminine tenderness and softness that beguiled me. As I admired her beauty I was overcome with a tremendous desire to please her and I turned my body into the "69" position and ran my tongue up the inside of her inner thigh until I could taste her juices on my lips.

She was quite open and ready there and had a pronounced clit, like a little cock. I began to lick her lips, taking in her juices and creaminess of her, circling her engorged clit with my tongue until I teased it between my lips and my teeth. She began to move her body under me, running fingers through my hair in a lovers caress, guiding me as I kissed her, moaning with my own emotional pleasure as I took her in my mouth, my skin tingling as I could feel her pleasure build. She gripped my head with her legs and rode my face pushing up from the floor into me. I couldn't really do anything other than take it and try and keep my tongue out for her. The she just stopped, let her legs flop open and released her grip on me....letting out a little sigh and a whimpering plea...."please darling, lick me, lick me".

I was in control again, her body compliant, pussy swollen and clitoris crying out for my touch. I teased, sucked, nibbled with tongues and teeth rubbed her with fingers until the she could no longer contain herself and let go an orgasmic flood of juices into my mouth accompanied by a cry of pleasure.

At that she stood up and then bent down and lifted me up in her arms, cradling me, whilst kissing me with genuine passion. That was an amazing feeling. I felt so weak and submissive. She was so strong and dominant.

She kissed me continually as I wrapped my arms around her neck gently until she sunk to the floor on her knees, still cradling me.

We just stayed like that for a while, Gentle kisses. Lovely sweet nuzzling kisses. Her fingers were digging into my flesh. Strong hard fingers. I could feel her strength and control. I think I came a couple of times then just as she was kissing me and I shuddered and shivered in her arms. I can't really explain just how tender and soft her lips and god how she could kiss. Little bites, little licks, little movements with her tongue that I had never felt before or since. She was unbelievable. 
