 Bartender looked at the scene. I was standing naked with Laura's strap-on dildo attached to my waist, Larua lay on her side—her pussy throbbing and cum dripping from her newly fucked asshole, and naked Jen on all fours looking back at us with wide eyes. The 18 year old Guy stood in the corner with his limp dick in his hands, waiting for what was going to happen next.

"So what are we doing?" Bartender asked with his charming smile. His cock was already out of his pants. 

I looked at his growing cock for a moment thoughtfully. I took a step toward him and grabbed his shaft firmly. "This is my room now. Do you agree to that?" I asked with a sharp tone. I stroked his cock a couple times as if he needed convincing.

He swallowed then replied, "Yes."

"Yes mistress," I corrected.

"Wait...what? Not an hour ago you were..."

I slapped him across the face to shut his mouth. "That was there...and this is here." I said glaring at him. I stroked his growing dick some more and moved my face very close to his. He was breathing quickly. "This is my room."

"Yes mistress," he answered.

"Good," I said without smiling. 

I pulled him toward the bed by his cock. "Now, get all your clothes off and on the bed."

He quickly complied and sat down next to Jen. I could tell they knew each other from the way their eyes met. It made sense, he tended bar and she waited tables...in this place they may have even been together before. Not like this however.

I slapped Jen's ass firmly. It jiggled and I slapped it again. 

"Ow," she said looking back at me. Her friend here had given her a new dose of confidence. 

"Jen," I began with a business like tone. Taking command was making my nipples hard. "The only thing I want to hear out of you is moans, screams and 'yes mistress.' Do you understand?"

"Yes mistress," she replied falling into her role again.

"Now get over there Bartender and get your cock up so she can suck your balls."

"Jen roll on your back...we are going to use you." I slapped her ass again as she rolled over too slowly for my liking.

Bartender positioned himself over her. She lay back with her head on the bed, her mouth open and her legs spread in front of me. Bartender looked at me, and then pressed his cock back and his balls dangled over her mouth. She opened her mouth and started to suck them. Bartender took a breath as her warm mouth covered his balls.

"Good girl," I said.

Her pussy was still glistening from Laura's attention not long ago, but I wanted it to be wetter. I got on my knees, stuck out my tongue and started to lick her gently. She squirmed and gulped at Bartender's balls while opening her legs wider for me to lick her. I ran my tongue over her pussy then found her clit and sucked it. I thought about how I wanted my pussy ate and I did the same to her. She moaned against his balls as I sucked.

"Feed her your cock," I commanded Bartender.

He nodded, pushed his cock down into her open mouth. I stood up, fumbled with the black dildo and pushed it into her wet pussy. She moaned as she sucked the tip of his dick and took the 8 inches of dildo. I grabbed her knees to get some leverage and pumped her slowly. Her beautiful boobs bounced with each thrust and as Bartender pushed his cock deep in her mouth I saw she was getting wetter and wetter.

"Good girl," I said again, pumping her faster and harder. I slid my hand over her clit and rubbed while I fucked her. Bartender was breathing heavy and yanking his dick all the way from her mouth then jamming it back in. Jen groaned and moaned then she came, clenching the bed with one hand and Bartender's wet cock with the other.

I pulled the dildo from her pussy, it was glistening and shining with her wetness. 

"Ok, turn over," I commanded.

She rolled to her tummy, kept sucking Bartender's cock and stuck her ass up. I rubbed the dildo and my hands were covered with her juice. I rubbed her asshole with my fingers and took more juice from her pussy. I rubbed it and managed to push a finger into her ass. Jen groaned and shifted uncomfortably. I slapped her ass hard with my free hand and kept moving my finger in a circle. 

Her ass wasn't perfect like Laura's, but it was firm, round and still had nice shape. I fingered her asshole and watched her suck Bartender's cock. He was pumping her face slowly—he knew how to pace himself and I was glad he was here.

"Mistress," Laura said. She was sitting up looking at me.

"Yes?"

"May I..." she motioned the flopping dildo and continued, "...fuck her ass? I want to do it the way you did it to me."

I smiled. I unfastened the belt and watched her put it on. I had always looked up to perfect Laura and now she was here taking my lead. I thought about staying late at work and fucking her in my office. My life was already looking brighter.

"Thank you," she said, fastening the belt then facing Jen's ass. I pulled my finger from Jen's asshole and sucked it. 

"Wait," I said. I got on my knees and grabbed Jen's firm ass cheeks with my hands. She had a great looking pussy. It was so neatly trimmed and subtle. Her asshole was higher on her body than Laura's and the space from her pussy was larger. I smiled at some dirty thoughts then stuck out my tongue and licked her pussy. I knew she loved it from behind so I indulged her. I pressed her ass against my face and licked. Then I started to rub her clit and shifted my attention to her asshole. I began to lick it over and over. She moved her ass in a circle in response to my licking. I gripped her ass cheeks, spread them as far as I could then jammed my tongue in as best as I could. She took some of my tongue and moaned. 

Satisfied, I stood up. "Get your cock out of her mouth." I commanded the Bartender. He slid back on the bed away from her open mouth. His dick was covered in her saliva and glistening with precum. I felt my mouth water as I looked at it.

Laura stepped behind Jen and pressed the head of the dildo against her small asshole. Jen looked back at us sheepishly. "Mistress...I..." Jen began.

"Shut up," I snapped at her. I held the dildo and pushed it harder against her asshole. Laura shifted her hips and pressed forward. After some moments of pushing, Jen's asshole took the head of the dildo. Jen grunted.

Laura pushed forward again and it moved in about an inch.

"Ow..." Jen said clenching her teeth.

I licked my hand and rubbed it over the damp dildo. I looked up at Bartender and motioned him to come over. He slid over the bed and as soon as he stopped I was on my knees licking his cock clean. I took it all the way in the spit it out and stood up in front of him. "Find some lube." I snapped. He stood up and walked out of the room.

Laura was staring down at Jen's ass with most of the dildo still out. She clenched Jen's buttcheeks then pushed again. It slid in another inch. She looked up at me. "This...whole thing was in me?" She asked in a whisper.

I nodded. "It is going to be in her now." I said. I thought about fucking her again with it. I realized then what I wanted. What I needed. I looked up at Guy, "Get out." I said coldly.

He gave me a quizzical look. 

"Girls only...you are done." I walked to the door held it for him then closed it and locked it.

"What's happening?" Jen asked with a breath.

"Shut up." I said walking over to Laura and sucking on her earlobe. I whispered to her, "We don't need them. We have a cock...and it never gets tired." 

She looked at me and kiss my mouth. 

I put my hands on her face then told her, "Now fuck her...you didn't need lube and she won't either."

"Yes, mistress." Laura replied. She pressed Jen's ass with her hands again firmly and pushed. Jen let out a gasp and the dildo slid in another inch.

I put my hand down on Jen's pussy and started to rub it. I found her clit with my finger and touched it firmly. "There you go..." I said. I felt her getting wetter. I rubbed more on the remaining dildo shaft.

Laura pushed again and the dildo slid in further. It was almost there. Jen gasped at the push then moaned as I kept rubbing her clit. Laura pushed again and the dildo disappeared into Jen's asshole. "This is so hot..." Laura said.

She waited a moment then pulled it back slowly until Jen's asshole clenched the head.

"Fuck!" Jen said loudly. 

I kept rubbing her pussy and she kept breathing heavily.

Laura pumped the dildo back in and Jen squirmed and shuddered. "Ow...shit...that's so..." Her pussy was drenched and I slid a finger into her pussy. 

Laura pulled back then drove it in again. 

"Ah!" Jen yelled. She arched her back, pressed herself up on her hands and looked back at us. "Again." She said biting her lip.

Laura pulled back until the dildo locked the pumped again. Jen half closed her eyes and moaned with her lip still being bit. Her pussy was soaking so I rubbed more juice on the dildo as Laura pulled it back. She pumped it in again and it slid easily. 

"Ah!" Jen yelled again. She closed her eyes and nodded as Laura began to pump her slowly and firmly. She said, "Ah!" each time Laura pushed the cock all the way in.

I fingered her pussy with two fingers and Laura continued to pump her. Faster and faster until Laura was sweating and Jen rocked against the dildo firmly. Juice slid down her legs and I watched her start to cum at the sound of Laura rhythmically pumping her ass. 

"Ah! Ah! Ah!" she yelled with each pump. She fell forward and slid her hands back over her ass and pulled her cheeks. "Deeper! Ah! Ah! I'm cumming...Ah! Ah!"

She shook and shuddered as Laura held her hands on Jen's hands so her ass was spread and fucked her. I fingered her pussy and got in three fingers as she came. Another orgasm swept her and she bit her lip and shook her head trying not to scream so loud. Her body pumped back against Laura steadily and there was a popping sound as their bodies drove together.

I wanted to see Jen's face. My pussy was dripping so I pulled my hand from her pussy. I stood up and grabbed her ass so they stopped. I helped Laura pull the cock from Jen's ass then told her to roll over. Jen groaned and complied.

"We can't get this in your pussy right now..." I explained, "It wouldn't be clean...so shift your hips...good." I slid the head of the dildo against her asshole, just under pussy. It was still gaping some and Laura slid it in asily.

"Oh! That's good...shit...what happened? That's..." Jen groaned as her body adjusted to the new angle.

She held her hands over her head and I slid to the top of the bed and held them down while Laura fucked her ass. Her boobs jiggled with each thrust and Laura grabbed her legs and pushed them farther apart.

I slid my legs over her head and straddled her. She could smell my wet pussy so she opened her mouth and I pressed against it then went forward and filled my mouth with hers. Laura pumped her quickly and as I ground my hips on her face I felt an orgasm over take me. I moaned against her clit, bit it and licked it as hard as I could.

"Fuck!" She screamed into my pussy. She squirmed and started to cum again. We sucked and licked while Laura fucked her ass. Sometimes Laura pulled it out and I sucked the black dildo greedily. Finally I came again and Jen gave out tired breaths against my pussy. I didn't know how long we had been 69ing, but it was long enough to know no man could do it.

I rolled off of Jen and Laura pulled the dildo out of her ass and took it off. She lay on the bed next to me—her body covered in sweat. She held the dildo between us and asked, "I wonder how many ways we can fuck with this?"

I smiled at her. Things were different. I looked into her eyes with lust, desire, greed and love. She was what I needed. Fuck my husband and his limp cock and all the other guys. We would want them sometimes for their cum...maybe. "After work tomorrow we should find out." I said and then I kissed her.