 ***just a note if you have not taken a lot at Part 1, you might want to get a better handle on this story, as it is a continuation of the first.***

* * * * *

Looking at each other with eyes full of lust, the girls relish their newfound relationship and the possible circumstances they will find themselves in.

"Wow Jessica that was fucking great! How did you know how to do that? Was that the first time you've done that?"

"Thanks, it was the first time for me I just did what I liked done to me."

"Damn, you never told me you'd had your cunt eaten before.'

"Well I didn't think you'd really want to know."

"Well I guess not...... but what I would like to know is how I can do that to you?"

"I think I have an idea, lets clean up and go upstairs to my bedroom."

Cleaning up the bathroom the girl head upstairs to Jessica's bedroom to continue their exploits. Reaching Jessica's bedroom Christina closes the door behind her and then proceeds to pull Jessica to her delicate frame shoving her long, pink, wet tongue into the other girls mouth. Feeling the sensations that the kiss is bringing to her , Jessica shoves her tongue down her friends throat. Not knowing where one girl begins and the other ends, the girls break their kiss gasping for air after what seemed like eternity. Smiling at her friend Jessica bends down and deposits a slow , soft, delicious kiss upon her friends beautiful soft lips. Stepping back away from her friend Jessica begins to take of her bikini top, sliding it off of her creamy, tender breasts. After resting her top on the floor she proceeds to unfasten her white shorts along with her panties into a small heap on the floor. 

Gazing seductively at her friends nude body, letting her eyes slowly roam across the hard pointy nipples down to the newly bare cunt, Jessica gracefully moves around to the bed, reaching underneath the four poster queen style bed, she slowly brings out a large box . Standing up and placing the box onto the bed, Jessica looks at her friend saying,

"I think I have an idea of where we should start."

"Really where!?"

Moving to the night stand besides her bed Jessica pulls out a key and slides it dramatically into the lock opening the box to Christina's delight.

"Wow Jessica, I think you really do have something in mind."

Moving over to the bed Christina gazes down into the medium sized caring case and looks at her friends small, yet still prominent, collection of toys.

Reaching into the case Christina pulls out a very large black dildo. Turning the dildo around in her hand Christina notices the veins popping out along the pretend shaft.

"Fuck girl this thing has to be a foot long."

"Well its actually 14" inches long and 4" inches thick, and its also my favorite i've had many a warm nights with that thing!"

"Damn that's fucking huge can you actually take this giant piece into your tight, plump cunt?"

"I guess you have to wait till latter to find out, huh?!"

Reaching down into her case, Jessica starts to pull out an assortment of vibrators, the smallest being about 4" in. long and the largest about 9" in . long all with various speeds. Pulling out a few more toys and some flavored lubricant Jessica places the case back under her bed and stands up turning to Christina saying, 

"I think its time you lost your cherry, and who better to take it than your best friend and the person you trust most in this world.'

"I...I.......I really don't know Jessica.'

"What don't you know I wont hurt you I promise, I love you, and ill be gentle I promise it'll be the best thing that ever happened to you ."

Looking into her friends sincere, loving eyes, Christina nodes slowly allowing her friend to lead her over and onto the bed. Climbing onto the bed Christina looks at her friend and slowly falls back onto the soft, silky comforter.

Seeing the lust in each others eyes the girls slowly devour each other in long, deep kisses, getting a memorable taste.

Picking up the first dildo Jessica moves down Christina's body sucking each nipple into her mouth running her tongue over the hard little bud gently biting. Moving further down Christina's body and making her way to the girls center, Jessica slowly reaches out and touches her friends slit with her wet, thick tongue.

Slipping her tongue into her friend drinking up her juices, Jessica takes the girls clit into her mouth and starts to suck gently increasing in tempo as she slides one, two, and three fingers into her friends cunt. Feeling her friends cunt start to tighten, Jessica removes her fingers and slides the small vibrator into her friend and sucks on her clit. As Christina cumms Jessica pushes the vibrator deep into the girls flowing honey hole and breaks her hymen . Leaving the vibrator in Christina's cunt Jessica leans forward and kisses her friend with deep slow kisses. Kissing back Christina looks into her friends eyes.

Sensing the passion in her friend Jessica climbs back down the girls body and starts to slide the vibrator in and out of the girls pussy while sucking on the girls sensitive nipples. Shivering at the feeling of the vibrator in her pussy, Christina starts to cumm violently, Jessica reaches down and starts twisting her friends clit between her fingers. After a series of orgasms Christina slowly cumms down from the raw feelings she's just experienced. 

" God Jessica that was so fucking great, I cant believe I just let you take my virginity!"

"Im guessing you really liked it then?" Jessica says looking down at her friend laughing.

"Hell yeah you know I fucking loved it."

"Good im glad you enjoyed it."

"So now I guess its my turn then huh!?"

" Yeah I guess it is."

"Oh it totally is cause I can just imagine how much your hole is fucking dripping. I bet you cant wait till I put my tongue inside of you, and suck on your clit and finger your pussy, huh? Yeah you want it bad, but im not going to be as gentle."

Saying all of this Christina flips her amazon of a friend over onto her stomach . Having her friend on her knees with her head against the bed, Christina attacks her friends pussy slurping loudly gobbling up her first taste of pussy. Biting down on her friends clit and sucking it for all she's worth Christina grabs the huge dildo her friend took out her play box, and starts to rub it against her friend convulsing cunt getting it nice and wet for the soon to be attack. After thoroughly wetting the huge ass fake cock, Christina licks her friends ass hole thrusting the huge cock into her friends dripping pussy and shoves it in as far it would go. Slipping her tongue into Jessica's bum hole and rimming her for everything she's worth, Christina thrusts the dildo into her friends pussy , keeping a fast and hard as hell pace on the dildo in Jessica's cunt Christina grabs the small vibrator used in her deflowering on friends anus. Shoving the mini cock into her friends ass, she turns it on to the highest speed and lets it hum. 

Feeling the sensations of the vibrator humming in her ass, and the giant dildo rapping her pussy Jessica feels the start of her impending orgasm and starts to shake violently thrusting her body onto the tow intruders and cries out in earnest yelling for her friend to fuck her cunt and ass harder.

After her third orgasm Jessica collapses onto the bed. Removing the dildo and vibrator from her friend Christina snuggles up against her friends limp frame and kisses the girls face as they doze off to a nice gentle sleep.