 Hi, my name is Wendy, I'm 32 years old, I'm happily divorced, and I work at a clothes factory, seamstress, or sewing machine operator you could say. In our end there is four of us girls we are all good friends, we go on nights out and get drunk together etc. One of our gang has just left work to have a baby, Irene will be missed, but she did say she would be back and she would join us on the occasional night out. My best friend and work mate Jill, she's the same age as me, single, never been married, she and I have a thing going, (the reason for my divorce) we have managed to keep it quiet the only other person that knows is our other work mate and friend Sarah. She's married but often joins Jill and me in a threesome, as you can tell we do enjoy ourselves, which brings me to the story, so sit back and enjoy.

The week after Irene left we heard that the management was holding interviews for her job, we did need some one else on our work area. The following Monday the foreperson brought the new girl down to introduce us to her. She was 19, single, quite tall, slim, but the thing that I noticed about her was her gorgeous ass, it was beautifully rounded, prominent and firm, I caught myself thinking about sinking my teeth into her buttocks, but I quickly put the thoughts out of my mind. She wore rather tight fitting jeans her shirt was loose fitting, and open a little to show a small amount of cleavage. We all introduced ourselves to each other, she had shoulder length blonde hair with a natural wave in it, and she sat at the worktable in Iran's place.

Mary, the new girl, had done this work before, she told us, and she was cutting out the patterns for women's blouses and skirts. She seemed a nice girl very quiet and a little shy. I knew if she spent a little time with our gang, we would soon bring her out of herself. We went to the canteen at lunchtime, it was a nice day so the four of us got something to eat and a can of pop each and went and sat outside on the grass. I asked Mary where she lived, she told us she lived with her mum just along from the factory. She said she found it rather hot in the factory, I told her that was why, if she looked around, she would see that all the women wore skirts or dresses. Jill said, "I wonder what they wear under their skirts." She looked at me and smiled a knowing smile.

"What does she mean?" asked Mary, looking at me.

"Well," I said, "When it gets really hot then you don't want to wear tights, so I wear suspenders and stockings. If it is really hot then I do not wear any panties." This was the middle of may and getting well into summer, our gang always had some good parties during the lighter nights. We hadn't yet planned the first one of the year, we must do that I thought.

Jill still smiling said, "What have you got on under your skirt today Wendy?" Mary and Jill glanced over expecting an answer.

"Stockings," I answered. "And yes, I'm wearing panties, what about you Jill?" I asked.

Jill was always the forward one always daring that was why I loved her so. "Here," she said, lifting her skirt up so we could all see her little white panties and suspenders. Mary had a good peek as she was sat directly opposite Jill.

"Where do you get your undies from?" asked Mary. "I'm new in town my mum and me only moved here a couple of weeks ago."

Jill looked at Mary. "We finish at 4 o'clock Wendy and me will take you shopping if you would like that."

Mary did not take long to answer. "Oh, yes please, I don't have any friends in town yet, to show me round, or, to go shopping with."

"Well, we will show you around town after work then" said Jill. We all went back into the factory the afternoon sped by and we soon found ourselves walking out of the gates.

"I've got to go home," Sarah said "I'll see you all in the morning have fun shopping," she said with a knowing look in my direction.

"What would you like to get, then?" I asked Mary.

"Well I would like some suspenders like Jill's, and a few pairs of stockings," she said looking in her hand bag for her purse, she opened and said, "I'll have to be careful as I don't have to much money."

We went to a big department store and found the underwear section "What size are you Mary?" I asked.

"I'm size twelve," she answered.

"What about bra size, there are some full sets over here," I asked, I keenly waited for her reply as I love a good pair of tits.

"I'm a 34c," she said back. Wow, I thought, that shirt of hers is hiding some good gear. I found some sets, bra, suspenders and panties in here size and called her over.

"What colour would you like?" I asked her.

"What do you think?" She asked me right back.

"Well if you are a true blonde, then black would suit you best."

"I am a true blonde!" she glared back at me.

"Do you want to try them on?" I asked.

"No I'm sure they will be all right," she answered. Damn, I thought, I was hoping to see her tits, perhaps another day. We picked up a few pairs of stockings for her in different colours and shades. As we left the store I said "Do you want to come round to my place later and have a drink with Jill and me?"

"Oh yes please", she replied eagerly. "Where do you live and what time?" I gave her the address and told her about 7:30. Jill and I went on back to my place on the way we picked up some packs of lager.

Jill and I were lazing around, we had dinner and started on a can of lager each, we had both showered, I had changed into a short red dress and white panties, no bra, I have not got big tits, I only wear a bra to make them look bigger. Jill just kept her bath robe on, as we watched a bit of Tele. It was nearly 8 o'clock when the door bell sounded, I went and answered it, I opened the door, and it was Mary. I told her to come in.

"You look fantastic, doesn't she?" I said looking at Jill. Mary had a fairly short pink skirt on, a white silk blouse, dark tan tights or stockings I wasn't sure which, white heels and a delightful pink ribbon holding her hair in a pony tail.

"Thank you" she said in reply to my compliment.

I told her to sit. "You do like lager?" I asked offering her a can.

"Yes, I love it" she replied. She sat in the armchair opposite the settee where Jill and I sat, we chatted away, I asked her what her first day had been like, she told us she had enjoyed it, and was very pleased she had met us, because we were friendly and had made her welcome.

"Do you have a boyfriend?" Jill asked her.

"No, but I had one for a little while but it didn't last long, then we moved up here and I have not really had chance to meet anyone yet," Mary said.

"What happened with your boyfriend, why did you break up?" I asked.

"Oh, it was just I thought I liked him," Mary said. "But he was very rough, when we kissed he just shoved his hand up my skirt and was really rough."

I got up and gave her another can of lager, "You will get me drunk," she said.

I do hope so, I thought to my self. "You live with your mum... So what happened to your dad, if you don't mind me asking?" I inquired.

"Mum and dad divorced about 5 years ago, she says she won't get married again," Mary said.

"I know just how she feels," I said. "I too have been married and divorced, I won't get married again either. There are better things in life and more important ones also."

Mary finished her second can of lager, "Where is the toilet?" she asked.

"It's upstairs, first door on the left," I told her.

She got up. "I am feeling a bit tipsy," she said as she left the room. I moved up the settee and put my arm around Jill. I gave her a long kiss on the mouth, then slid a hand inside her robe and found her left breast and squeezed it a little, then I found the nipple and pinched it lightly between thumb and fore finger. Jill sighed deeply, I have always liked playing with her tits, and she loves it too. Mary came back into the room, Jill and I hastily parted, I gave her another can, she took it opened it and had a long drink.

"I really am getting quite drunk," she said.

"I know what I meant to ask you," I said to Mary. "Did the undies fit alright?"

Mary took the can from her lips, "Yes, they fit perfectly," she told us. "I have them on now." She was sliding down in her seat, from where I was sat I could see her stocking top showing from under the hem of her skirt. She finished the can in her hand she reached forward and put it on the coffee table.

"Would you like another?" I asked her.

"I'd love another," Mary replied.

"Do you think you should?" Jill asked Mary.

"I'm alright, I think," she said.

"You can always stay here tonight if you get to drunk to go home" I told her. She nodded.

"Why don't you ring your mum and tell her you are staying here tonight?" Jill suggested.

"Okay, I'll phone my mum. Where is it?" she asked. She went to stand up and went a little wobbly at the knees.

"It's just here Mary," I said. It's on a long lead and I took it over to were she was sat. She had a little difficulty dialing the number, but got there eventually and told her mum she would be home in the morning before work to change.

"Thank you for letting me use your phone," she said. "I always fall asleep when I get drunk," she went on.

She was soon sliding down in her seat again Jill glanced at me and said, "I think she has fallen asleep." I got up and went over to her head was on one side, her eyes were shut. I placed a hand on her shoulder and gently shook her she moaned a little but that was the only response. I looked at Jill and grinned at her then beckoned her over. When she reached my side I reached down and very gently took hold of the hem of her skirt and lifted it up. Mary didn't move. The new undies did fit her well we admired her black suspenders and her panties.

I whispered to Jill. "I want to see her bra."

Jill smiled and said, "You want to see what's in the bra as well, don't you?" I nodded furiously. "We better leave her alone," Jill said. We went and sat back down on the settee, I sat along side Jill and was soon kissing her passionately on the lips and she was kissing me back. I slowly undid the cord on her robe and slid it open, her tits were laid bare, I slowly leaned over and licked a nipple, it went hard almost immediately, I sucked it into my mouth was lightly chewing it, Jill let out a long sigh. I was squeezing one of her tits while sucking the nipple on the other, when I felt her hand pulling my dress up and her hand diving between my legs, I opened them to give her more room. She was rubbing my pussy through my panties, I was soaking already, and she had good hands and was always able to bring me to an orgasm very quickly.

This time was no different she was rubbing furiously I gasped as the orgasm hit me, we were totally oblivious to Mary being sat across the room. I let out a little shriek as the orgasm made me shudder and shake, my panties were soaked now but I didn't care. I slid to the floor at Jill's feet and pulled her legs wide apart, I threw open her robe her shaven pussy was glistening with her juices, I could wait no longer my tongue was lapping up and down her cunt I loved the taste of her. I pressed my mouth firmly over her clit and sucked it into my mouth licking its head at the same time, she squealed out in pleasure, then I pushed my tongue as deep into her pussy as it would go, she grabbed my head and was forcing it hard into her cunt.

She let out a long squeal as she came very heavily her juices flowing into my mouth, oh she did taste good. I think Jill's orgasm woke Mary, I looked around to see her watching us intently then she asked, "Will you take me to my bedroom? I really need to sleep now."

"Okay," I said. "I'll show you the way." She followed me upstairs, very unsteady on her feet. I took her into the little single room the bed was already made up for just this type of occasion. She stood by the bed. "I think I had better undress you first before you get into bed." She nodded in agreement. I undid the buttons on her blouse and pulled it open, her new black bra fitted her well, I slipped it off her shoulders and folded it and placed it on the bedside chair. Her skirt was next, I unfastened it at the waist and it slid down her legs to the floor around her ankles. I knelt down and lifted her feet one at a time and removed her skirt folding it and putting it on the chair also. God, she did look sexy standing there in black bra, suspenders, panties and stockings.

I reached around behind her and unhooked her bra and slid it off her shoulders, her tits were that firm they hardly moved, and they were beautiful. Smooth flesh rising to a peak were dark pink nipples nestled, I brushed one lightly with my fingers causing her to flinch a little, her nipple began to expand almost immediately it protruded to over half and inch long. My lust got the better of me and I bent down and flicked it lightly back and forth with my tongue. She moaned a little, I belt down and took hold of her panties and pulled them down around her ankles, uncovering a little mound of very fine blonde pubes, that needs further investigation, I thought.

I undid her stockings from her suspenders, then I unhooked her suspender belt and took that off. I pushed her gently and she sat on the bed and I removed her shoes stockings and panties from around her ankles. I lifted her legs a little and she lay back on the bed, I opened her legs a little at first, there was no resistance, so I opened them a lot more. Her cunt was visible through her pubes I ran a finger slowly up and down her pussy lips, she moaned and twisted on the bed, I continued, her pussy lips puffing out, I parted them, the inner surface was quite moist now. I needed a taste of her so I knelt on the floor between her legs and bent over her and lightly licked along her pussy the tip of my tongue flicking her clit. There was a sharp intake from her so I knew I was getting somewhere, I put my forefinger in my mouth and made it good and wet then slowly pushed it up Mary's cunt.

She began to thrash about a little then she gradually joined in, as I pushed my finger in and out so she was thrust her hips back and forth against me. I soon had two fingers in her cunt frigging her and licking her clit at the same time she was breathing in short gasps and moaning quite loudly, her orgasm arrived with a rush. It began with a moan that gradually built up to a shriek and she was writhing around, arms and legs thrashing, her head rolling from side to side, I kept my fingers up her and my mouth clamped on her clit as she came and her juices flowed freely. While she was recovering I turned her over, I really wanted a look at her fantastic bum. She was kneeling on the floor bent over the side of the bed her ass nicely positioned as I got behind her and ran my hands lovingly over perfectly rounded buttocks. Placing a hand firmly on each cheek and pushing outwards I opened up her crack and leaning forward licked up and down over her asshole.

She twitched and tried to pull away but I persisted and she was soon sighing deeply, I was licking from the top of her cunt up over her asshole and back. I then concentrated on her little hole flicking the tip of my tongue over it then pushing at it trying to get my tongue inside. I licked around the hole some more then tried again to push my tongue in this time I made a little progress. She was beginning to relax and slowly my tongue moved deeper opening her asshole a little at a time. She was not moving but breathing quite deeply with the odd moan, when my tongue was in her ass I flicked it around and lapped at the entrance, she was moaning more now. I put the first two fingers of each hand into my mouth, wetting them well, I pushed the first two into her slippery cunt then slowly pushed the other two up her ass. She went wild jerking backwards and forwards and shaking her ass from side to side, making all kinds of noises panting and moaning.

I was working my fingers in and out of each hole twisting and turning, she was nearing orgasm again this time it lasted for ages and she came and came. Finally she calmed down and I tucked her into bed and she was asleep in no time. I set the alarm to wake her early in the morning. Jill had been peeking round the door and frigging her self watching what had been going on. We talked about how much she seemed to enjoy it and how much may have been the fact she was quite drunk. We finally went to bed.

The next morning we all got up at much the same time. Jill and I heard Mary in the shower. "She must be quite a mess after last night," I said to Jill and we both laughed.

She came downstairs. "I hope you don't mind me having a shower," she said. She was dressed in her clothes from last night. "Thanks for a good night last night I hope I was no bother getting drunk and that," she added.

"Oh no, you were no trouble at all, in fact just the opposite!" I said, and gave her a knowing look.

She blushed. "I'm going home to get changed for work I'll see you both there," she said and left.

"Well, you seem to enjoy her last night?" Jill said to me. "Did she taste good? What did you think of her?" Jill asked.

"She had quite a sweet taste, but not as nice as you " I said, and smiled at her and gave her a pat on the bum. "She seemed quite willing, whether that was drink I don't know we shall see." I added.

At work that morning things seemed normal enough, except Mary had a more relaxed appearance. At lunch time I managed to get to tell Sarah what had happened. "I wish I had been there," she said. "Mary is very sexy I would like to be get to know her more intimately."

"That will happen," I said. "I feel sure we will have more sexy nights and get Mary to join in." I saw Mary as we went in after lunch. "You are one of the gang now, Mary," I said. "Please come round to my house any time you like, we are all good friends, we talk about everything and help each other in all things".

"Thank you," Mary said. "That is really kind, you have all made me very welcome and it's nice to have made such good friends so soon." We all went back to work the afternoon soon went bye.

Jill and I were at my house that evening, I had showered and pulled on a little black dress, nothing underneath, I was curled up watching a bit of tele, on the end of the settee. Jill came and sat next to me, she had her bath robe on, and she had just had a shower . She leaned over and kissed me she smelt sweet and clean. I kissed her back. Then she began feeling my tits first one then the other she soon had both nipples trying to push through the fabric of my dress. Her hand was on my thigh pulling my dress up her hand found my bare cunt, I opened my legs to give her more room. She pulled my dress right up out of the way, then she slid to the floor between my legs, her mouth was soon clamped on my cunt her tongue dancing over my clit soon had me in ecstasy.

She was good at that, she pulled my ass towards her on the settee, and her tongue was now lapping over my asshole and up to my clit making me squirm with pleasure. She opened her robe, I looked down to see she had her harness on. It's a leather belt around her waist with a second one fastened at the middle front going down between her legs up the crack of her ass to attach to the first belt at the waist in the middle of her back. On the front was a pad for attaching dildos to, my favourite one was attached there already, it's a double one, a fairly big one for my cunt and a smaller one for my ass. She was kneeling between my legs holding them up and wide open, then she leaned forward and lined the two heads of the dildos with my holes, she had covered them both with cream, then she slowly pushed them up me. She soon had them both deep inside both holes and began fucking me, slowly at first then getting faster, she was good at that, better than any man. She brought me to orgasm after orgasm, we were both soaked in sweat when she finally stopped and collapsed on top of me.
