 While Kat introduces Connie to the magical path of Anaconda, Ricki and the girls began exploring Fountain Springs for sexual adventures.

Ricki, Double Dee and Animal fired up their scooters and roared up to the small grocery store four blocks up Main Street and parked their hogs. 

"Wait here," Ricki commanded.

"What the fuck for?" Double Dee jumped off her iron horse. Double Dee was named, of course, for her enormous breasts. She wore a thin tank top with tie dyed spirals around each orb. Her hard, fat nipples poked trough the thin material in the center of the rainbow spirals.

"Let me just check it out." Ricki grabbed Double Dee's crotch. "It's like hunting. I'm the bird dog who's gonna flush the small furry critter out. Be ready to catch what ever tries to run." Ricki roared with laughter as she entered Beardslee's Market. Strolling down an aisle, she softly sang her version of Camp Town Races.

"I'm lookin' for a little girl to lick. Doodah. Doodah. If she's good I'll suck her clit. Oh da doodah day." She continued singing right up to the counter where Betty Jo stood wide eyed and terrified, looking straight into Ricki's eyes.

"Gonna throw her on her back, and sit down on her face. I bet my money that..." She leaned in and looked at Betty Jo's name tag. "...Betty Jo's the one who's gonna win the pussy lickin' race." Ricki laughed, leaned on the counter and smiled broadly. After thirty or more seconds of Ricki's grin and Betty Jo's silent terror, Ricki made a sudden lunge.

"Booo!!" Betty Jo fell violently against the cigarette case behind her. Tears welled up in her eyes. 

"Oh baby, come here," Ricki said and leaped over the counter in one swift move. 

"I didn't mean to scare you." She put her arms around Betty Jo who trembled and recoiled but with no where to go. 

"I was just fuckin' with you."

Ricki wiped the tears away from Betty Jo's eyes, but the young woman continued to cry.

"You are so cute, Betty Jo. I like blondes." She put her arms back around her. 

"You've got a little meat on your bones too. I really like that." 

She ran her hands up and down Betty Jo's back and sides, finally resting on her ass. Betty Jo trembled uncontrollably and continued sobbing. Ricki pulled their hips tight together. She inhaled deeply. 

"And you smell so good. Does your pussy taste good too?"

"Ah...I...I don't know." The girl quivered uncontrollably.

"You don't know? Don't tell me you haven't tasted your own sweet juices?" Ricki stood back, looked into Betty Jo's face and wiped more tears away.

"No...maybe," Betty Jo replied.

"I'll bet you taste like custard pudding."

After a few minutes, Betty Jo stopped trembling, and her sobs lessened to sniffles, but she remained ridged in Ricki's arms. Ricki let her go and leaped back across the counter.

"Listen, Betty Jo. Tonight, you belong to the Devil Dykes. After you close up, pretty yourself and come down to the Lucky Eight. Wear something real sexy. Everything is cool." Ricki slapped the counter. 

"Don't look so freaked, sweetie. We'll party hard, get naked, pull out our fuck toys and have a good time." Ricki looked back over her shoulder and wiggled her tongue at Betty Jo as she walked out. 

"Don't make me come back and get you." Her laughter faded away when the door swung closed. 

Betty Jo released her pent-up breath and trembled. Her hand slid between her legs and up her short skirt. Her finger touched the crotch of her panties.

"I'm so wet."

Outside, Double Dee reclined on her bike with her shorts dangling from on foot. Animal's face was buried in her crotch.

"Fer Christ's sake, bitches. You can eat each other at home. We're in Fountain Springs. Let's go out to that bee and bee and get some strange."

"Ooo, strange pussy," Animal muttered with Double Dee's juice smeared over her face. Animal had survived a bad motorcycle accident a few years ago, and she had never fully recovered mentally from the brain damage. She did what ever any of her sister dykes told her to do. She could take care of herself, alright, but the other girls used her at their pleasure. 

"You can eat my pussy later, honey," Double Dee said. "Let's go get some strange."

"Let's go get some strange," Animal mimicked.

A mile outside of town, a stately Victorian house stood back from the road, half hidden by a large stand of trees. The three cycles turned onto the driveway and motored up to the house. An SUV was parked in front.

"I'm not waiting outside this time," Double Dee scowled. Ricki only smiled.

"Let's get some strange," Animal muttered. 

"Come on in my pretty cunts," Ricki said as she rocked her bike over on it kick stand, swung her long, muscled leg over the seat and climbed the steps leading to a covered porch.

The front door swung open, and a pretty, petite red head stepped out.

"I thought I heard some visitors. You must be the girls from the motorcycle club Connie told me about."

Ricki smiled and didn't stop until she stood very close to the girl. She was at least a head taller.

"Aren't you a pretty little thing," she said. "And what did Connie say about us?"

The girl cleared her throat, brushed a strand of curly red hair behind her ear and placed her hand against the top of her blouse.

"Well, she said this is your annual ride, you're a...real...wild...but nice, bunch of...girls." She nervously giggled and lowered her eyes. "But we should leave town while you're here."

"But here you are. Maybe you should have taken Connie's advice. You know where she is right now?" Red shook her head.

"She's got her face buried in the crotch of one of my girls." Ricki chuckled. "And I think she likes it."

"Oh," red whispered. Ricki placed a hand against the wall on either side of the girl and trapped her in place.

"What's your name, darlin'?"

"Sherri."

"I'm Ricki. This is Double Dee and Animal." The girl tried to look past Ricki, but the biker chick only moved to block her view. "Aren't you going to invite us in, Sherri?"

"Um...sure. Sorry. Please come in." Ricki didn't move her hands. She kept Sherri trapped where she was. 

"Go see who's home," Ricki said over her shoulder. 

Double Dee and Animal walked by them and entered the old house. As she passed, Double Dee reached in and grabbed Sherri's breast. Sherri flinched and brushed against Ricki. Ricki slapped Dee's hand away and wrapped her arms around the girl pulling her close.

"Yes, we're a real wild bunch," she whispered in Sherri's ear. "You ever eat pussy." Sherri shivered.

"No. But Connie said something like this might happen. I've wondered what it would be like. I guess I stayed in town because I was curious."

Ricki tilted Sherri's face up and looked into her eyes.

"You are so cute, and you got guts. I like that." She pressed her lips against Sherri's, darted her tongue into the young woman's mouth and cupped her ass in her large hands. "I might keep you for my self." Sherri shivered again.

"We have some vacation guests here. You won't bother them will you?"

"That depends. Let's go see."

In the main sitting room, a middle aged man and woman sat stiffly on the sofa. Double Dee and Animal had the two other bee and bee owners cornered in various places in the room. 

"That's Donna and Lynn," Sherri said. Double Dee had Donna pressed against a piano. Donna was not being very cooperative. Animal and Lynn played back-and-forth chase around the dining room table, but unlike Donna, she had a playful look on her face.

"All right! Everyone stop!" Ricki shouted. Double Dee stomped in frustration and spun around glaring. Animal continued her chase.

"Animal!! Knock it off." Animal groaned and made a pouty expression. "I wanna get some strange."

"You'll get some." 

Ricki pulled her fingerless gloves off and stuffed them in a back pocket. She sauntered up to the vacationing guests, clearly in distress.

"Sorry you folks picked this week, but every year at this time, Fountain Springs belongs to the Devil Dykes Motorcycle Club. I'm Ricki, the prez."

As she spoke she eyed the couple. The woman was slightly over weight and beginning to gray. Still attractive. The man was handsome, but balding, beer bellied and not very tall.

"Now you can pack up and leave, or you can join in the fun. But if you stay, you gotta play." 

She walked behind the sofa and let a finger trail across the woman's shoulders. The lady recoiled. "And by fun, I mean anything goes." 

Ricki leaned down between their heads and said," There be a whole lotta lickin' and stickin' and suckin' and fuckin'. We've got booze, pot, ecstasy and speed." She walked back to the front of the sofa.

"And just so you know, I swing both ways." She winked at the man. "I can go from eating your mamma's pussy to taking that tube steak any where you want to plant it. That is if you can get it up." She looked at his wife. 

"He can get it up can't he?"

"This is outrageous," he grumbled and rose to his feet. Ricki kicked the coffee table in, hit him in the shins and knocked him back to a sitting position.

"I'll tell you when you can stand." Sherri immediately jumped forward.

"Folks, please. I'm sorry you have to go through this. But there is no law enforcement in town. This...group...motorcycle club comes here every year. The long-time residents have assured me, if we all cooperate with them, no one gets hurt." She turned toward Ricki. "That is right, right?" Ricki chuckled.

"The only ones who get hurt are the uncooperative and the ones who like a little pain." She looked at the older woman. ""I'll bet you like a little naughty spanking, don't you?"

"Enough of this bullshit!" Double Dee shouted. "I need to cum."

"I need to cum," Animal repeated.

Ricki looked at Donna and Lynn. "What's it gonna be, girls? If you stay, you play." Donna was a tall, pale brunette. Lynn was shorter with a perfect bubble butt and a dark, Mediterranean complexion. 

"Oh what the hell. I played around in college," Donna said in resignation. "Come with me." She took Double Dee's hand and led her up the stairway. "I'm going to give you a bath." Double Dee grinned and waved goodby. Donna looked back and said, "I can't believe I'm doing this."

"Look," Lynn through her hands up. "I've never been with a girl. I wouldn't even know what to do."

"I'll teach you," Animal said, raced over to Lynn before she could run and wrapped her arms around her.

"Ouch! Not so rough!"

"Be nice, Animal," Ricki commanded. "Unless she doesn't cooperate. Then you can spank her."

"Okay, Ricki. I'll be nice. You'll like it, Lynn. Eating pussy is so much fun."

"I hope so. Come on, Animal. Why do they call you Animal?"

"Cause when she cums, she sound like one." Ricki laughed.

Ricki turned back to the vacation couple.

"You two got names?" The woman looked down at her hands in her lap. The man grunted.

"Fuck you," he said.

"It may come down to that, pops. Here's the deal." Ricki reached over to Sherri and pulled her close and kissed her. 

"You now have ten minutes to get the fuck out of my town, or I'm going to give you a serious attitude adjustment." She let go of Sherri and walked up to the sofa and nudged the wife with her knee. 

"You wanna weigh in on this, sweet meat?"

"Don't you touch her," he said and jumped up. Ricki's hand shot out and slapped him across the face. He fell back on the sofa with a look of shock and rage on his face. A red hand print covered one cheek.

"I wasn't talking to you." 

Ricki knelt next to his wife as tears began to spill over the terrified woman's eye lids. "Don't cry, sugar. I don't think this prick appreciates you. Let's send him down the road. You can stay and have some fun." Ricki lifted her chin and wiped the tears. 

"You're real cute. Nice tits too. Ever done it with another woman?" She shook her head.

"Please..."

"Shooo." Ricki placed a finger against her lips. "Darlin' I'm not going to hurt you." She emphasized the word "hurt" and looked at the husband. "We just wanna have fun. We have no boundaries, no rules, party hard and in five days, we're outa here. And I can make you feel real good."

Ricki looked back at the man. "When'd you eat her pussy last?"

"How dare you!" He started to rise again.

"Don't make me slap you." He sat back down.

"Mr. Carlson," Sherri said, stepping up. "You can leave now if you want. I'm so sorry."

"Ya, Mr. Carlson. You can leave, but you're running out of time. I gave you ten minutes. Only five remain."

"Don, please don't make trouble," Mrs. Carlson finally spoke.

"What's your first name, Mrs. Carlson?" Ricki asked.

"Marge."

"When was the last time he ate your pussy?"

"Don't answer that," Don said. Ricki stood up.

"If in the remaining four minutes you now have left, Don, if you speak one word, I'm going kick your fucking ass."

"Please!" Marge begged Ricki.

"Come here, Marge," Ricki took her hand and pulled her up on her feet. 

"Stay," she commanded Don. "You come with me, sweetheart. Where can we go for some privacy, Sherri?"

"Through the kitchen to the back porch."

Softly crying, Marge followed behind Ricki, Sherri tried to reason with Don to remain calm.

Ricki led her out on the wide, long porch. The back yard was filled with roses and other flowering plants.

"Isn't this nice," Ricki said. "Let's go smell the roses." Marge followed her, her small hand held tightly by the tall, brawny Devil Dyke. The aroma of the roses filled the air.

"Isn't this lovely," Ricki said, and pulled Marge into an embrace. Marge went ridged with fear.

"Relax, sweety. I'm not going to hurt you. I wanna make you feel good." She held the older woman close and whispered in her ear. 

"Remember when Don made you feel good. Probably a long time ago. Don't you wannna feel like that again." She shifted to the other ear, and kissed Marge lightly on the neck. 

"I'll bet you've never been with another woman, but trust me, sugar, no one can eat pussy like another woman." Ricki's hands caressed Marge's back, sides and hips. She continued to kiss her neck.

"I have, once," Marge whispered.

"What?"

"Been with a woman. A long time ago. Before I was married."

"And...?" Marge didn't answer, but she wrapped her arms around Ricki and returned the hug. "I'll do anything, just don't hurt Don. He means well."

"That's my girl," Ricki said, took Marges face in her hands, and planted a long, deep kiss on her lips. 

"He'll come around. Men always do. A good blow job and he'll settle down."

Ricki led Marge over to a lounge chair, pushed her back, unsnapped her shorts and pulled them off. Marge's breath began to heave in her chest. Her stomach muscles trembled.

"Oooo, what a nice pussy," Ricki said, sat down next to her and ran her fingers through Marge's thick pubic hair. Marge shivered. 

She lowered herself until her face was only a few inches from Marge's vagina. "Open your legs, baby." Marge obliged, and Ricky leaned in and inhaled deeply. 

"Ah, the perfect combination the scent of roses and a wet, horny pussy."

Ricki gripped Marge behind her knees and raised her legs, pushing her knees to her chest. She kissed down the inside of Marge's thighs. Marge lay back and watched billowy clouds drift through a bright blue sky. She moaned when Ricki's lips sealed over her cunt and her tongue darted into her soft, burning center.

"Ohhh," Marge moaned.

"Say my name."

"Ricki. It feels so good."

"So when's the last time Don ate this lovely pussy?"

"He's never done it. Doesn't think it's natural." 

Just then, Ricki lifted Marge's hips and drove her tongue in as deep as she could. She swirled it around, and then concentrated on her clit, licking and sucking. Marge cried out. Her eyes fixated on the most beautiful clouds she had ever seen. The song of birds filled the air. An instant orgasm washed over her and soaked Ricki's mouth with nectar. 

The back door swung open and Don came out on the porch. Sherri followed.

"Please, Mr. Carlson. Don't make trouble."

"Marge, what the hell are you doing."

Marge didn't answer. She collapsed onto the lounge chair, arms and legs splayed to the side. Ricki stood, spun around and stalked up to the porch. Don recoiled in fear.

"See this," Ricki shouted, pointing to her face. "That's Marge's pussy juice. Sweet and tasty love juice. You little prick! You're are a damn fool."

Ricki stomped up the steps. "I should kick your ass for neglecting your wife, but when I'm through with her, she'll probably dump you anyway. Besides, I promised, sorta kinda, that I wouldn't hurt you. So now I give you one last chance, get the fuck out of Fountain Springs, right now, or drop your drawers and see if you're man enough to get it up and fuck your old lady. She's hot, wet and ready, right there." 

Ricki pointed. Marge looked up. Her thighs and crotch glistened with moisture. Her pussy lips were folded back revealing her inner sanctum of love. It looked like a flower that belonged in the garden.

"Please Mr. Carlson," Sherri whispered and nudged him. "Do it. Go make love to your wife. Come with me, Ricki." 

Sherri grabbed Ricki's hand and pulled her toward the back door. Her own pussy was on fire and dripping wet.

"What ever," Ricki muttered. "Fuck head! I'm sure he has no clue what to do with his wife." Sherri dragged her into the house.

Inside Sherri stopped in the kitchen and turned to Ricki. She traced her fingers over Ricki's face feeling Marge's cum, still wet on Ricki's chin and lips.

"We watched from the kitchen," Sherri said. "I got so turned on. I think he did too."

Sherri went to the window and looked out. Ricki came up behind her, took a breast in each hand and gently squeezed. Sherri ground her ass against Ricki. 

They watched as Don slowly walked toward his wife. Marge laid spread eagle, still spent from her orgasm. Don turned back to the house to see if anyone was watching. Sherri waved. Ricki made a stern face and shock a fist. 

"Look at that," Sherri whispered, clutching her hands over the top of Ricki's. "He has a boner." 

Sure enough, his cock bulged in the front of his trousers. Ricki kissed Sherri's neck.

"What did Marge's pussy taste like," Sherri asked. Ricki turned her around.

"Why don't you find out?" Sherri giggled and ran her tongue around the edges Ricki's mouth. The kissed, and Ricki lifted her up on the counter.

Outside, Don continued a slow approach to his wife's supine body.

"Are you okay honey? Did she hurt you?"

"She didn't hurt me, Don. She made feel real good. The way you used to when we first married."

He came to Marge's side. She looked up and noticed the bulge in his pants. She reached up and touched it.

"I wish you'd make love to me. It's been so long."

"Outside? Like this? Exposed? Besides, they're watching." He looked back, but no one was staring back at the window.

"Please, Don. I need you now more than ever." Marge sat up and reached with her other hand undoing his belt buckle.

"But..."

"Please. It's the perfect setting. Look at all the flower. Isn't the sky so pretty?"

She undid the button, pulled the zipper down and his trousers dropped to the ground. His cock sprang out suddenly from the wide opening in his boxer shorts. She encircled it with one hand.

"Right now, Donny. I need you inside me."

"Oh God," Don murmured and knelt between his wife's legs on the lounge chair.

Inside the kitchen, Ricki and Sherri were naked and had moved to the tile floor. Their faces lay in each others crotches. Their tongues explored each others vaginas. Above them the moans and groans of love making echoed from the second floor. Outside, Don and Marge gasped and screamed.

"Holy shit! What the fuck is going on?" A nineteen-year-old girl stood in the kitchen door.
