 Kat deepens her connection with the North Wind. Things really heat up at the Lucky Eight Ball Saloon. The Elementals start arriving where least expected.

*

When the elevator doors closed, Kat inserted her key next to the Penthouse button and tapped it with her finger. She looked at Roberta and smiled. She reached up and curled a strand of Roberta's hair around one of her fingers.

"So what happens now?" Roberta asked. Kat brushed the back of her fingers against her cheek.

"It amazes me how quickly you surrendered to this," Kat said and leaned against her. She inhaled deeply. "You smell very good."

"I...," Roberta struggled for the right words. "It just felt right on, that's all; like I waited my whole life for that moment."

"You did. Now you know it. The same goes for me." Kat brushed her lips across Roberta's neck.

"We don't believe in coincidences or free will. We're being swept along by the winds of the Spirit. You and I have been blown together now. The wind from the South has met the wind from the North, and we are held at bay, suspended in each other's...embrace."

Kat pinned Roberta against the elevator cab. Her mouth softly caressed its way along her jaw line until their lips met. It was a light, feathery kiss. Just the tip of her wet tongue brushed over Roberta's lips. Kat stared into her eyes.

"You've never been with another woman before, have you?" she said leaning away from her.

"I kissed a girl once in college during a drunken frat party. Does that count?"

Kat laughed.

"That's called a start." She moved away and took Roberta by the hand.

"Sooo...are you okay with the...girl on girl sexuality thing?"

"I...I don't know. If that's the program then...I guess, yah. Something is telling me to following this path where ever it leads." Roberta squeezed Kat's hand.

"That something telling you to follow would be me." Roberta heard Ana's melodious voice inside her head and she caught her breath. Her eyes widened and she stared at Kat.

"The greatest energy two people can generate is through the sexual union. Our purpose requires a great deal of energy."

The elevator doors opened and they stepped out into the foyer. Roberta was out of breath and she held a hand against her chest. Kat put her key in the front door but didn't open it.

"Describe the energy body to Roberta," Ana said.

"Wait a minute," Roberta said. "I'm hearing...Ana? Right?" Kat Nodded.

"It's all me my precious Roberta."

Ana's coiled energy stirred inside her womb and Roberta dropped are attaché case and clutched her stomach. She stared at Kat.

"Do you hear her too?" Kat nodded.

"I mean do you hear what she says to me?" Kat nodded and smiled.

"Roberta, Kat is now going to repeat what I'm about to say. Kat stand in the middle of the foyer."

Roberta's jaw dropped when Kat calmly walked to the center of the small vestibule.

"Hold your arms out to your side, Katherine." Kat stretched her arms out. Roberta tilted her head to the side like a puppy seeing something for the first time.

"Let's tell our dear Roberta about the energy body."

"If you hold your arms out to the side," Ana said.

"If you hold your arms out to the side," Kat repeated.

"Your finger tips reach the edges of your energy body," Ana said.

"Your finger tips reach the edges of your energy body," Kat repeated.

Roberta broke into a big grin.

"Okay girls," she said. "I accept it. I don't understand it, but I accept it."

"The spirit world is as real as the physical world," Ana said. "Science is just beginning to prove it with the new quantum physicists. Now, dear Katherine, you describe the energy body to the precious North Wind."

Kats arms remained out to her side. She turned from side to side.

"The energy body is just about this big." She raised her arms over her head.

"It's up here and all around. We're like a cocoon of iridescent filaments ranging from amber color to silvery white. Squint your eyes, Roberta. It diminishes the visual input so that Ana can assist you in seeing pure energy."

Roberta squinted her eyes and Ana moved inside her causing her to swoon. Ana's serpentine shadowy form slid out of Roberta's groin area. Roberta fell back against the wall and clutched her midsection. She stared wide eyed at the sights before her.

"Focus on me," Katherine said. "Ana will help you see my energy body." After a few minutes, Roberta gasped.

"I see. Katherine...you're so...beautiful."

"There are two shimmering lines of color in Kat's filaments," Ana said. "See the pale amber band running horizontally at her waist? And out on the fringe, a very faint magenta shimmers."

"Katherine," Roberta whispered in awe.

"Your energy body has an overall amber glow," Kat said. "At the very center it's a bright white. You're magnificent."

"Okay," Ana said. "Pay attention to Kat now." Roberta opened her eyes and focused on Katherine's physicality. She looked so beautiful in her business suit. Kat kicked off her pumps and spread out her bare feet. Roberta noticed, for the first time, the tattooed tail of a snake on the inside of her thigh just below her hem line.

"Everything, including our bodies, is energy," Kat said and lowered her arms. "It vibrates at an infinite number of frequencies. One frequency manifests that energy as the physical world, just as varying frequencies give rise to all the different colors in the light spectrum. The same energy vibrates at rates that create radio waves, x-rays, ultraviolet and infrared rays, sound, on and on. It's all the same stuff, just vibrating faster or slower to produce different appearances and functions.

"That energy is a hyper lateral, unbroken field matrix that manifests every form, seen and unseen, in this and many other Universes. Our energy bodies are connected to the field matrix in two ways.

"A central rod of very fine energy makes up our core. It's the energetic counter-part to what a religious person would call a soul. It contains the hyper frequency data that defines who we are as separate individuals. The perineum, the spot between our genitals and our anus, has a band of filaments that descends out of the bottom of the central core and connects to the earth's energy field. A similar band of filaments extends out of the top of our heads and connects to the greater field at large."   

Kat paused and smiled. She raced across the room and planted a quick kiss on Roberta's lips.

"How we doing?" She asked.

"I'm listening," she said and kissed Kat back with an equally quick peck. Kat moved back a couple of steps.

"Okay, how am I doing Ana?"

"Excellent. Continue."

"All these vertical filaments of energy that make up a living human body, slowly turn. For women, they turn in a counter-clockwise direction. We're electro-magnetic dynamos receiving and generating energy. The average human has no awareness of this process. Just like breathing. Who thinks about it until they can't do it?

"Ana is teaching us how to understand this energy, harness its power and use it for..." Katherine stopped and thought about what to say next.

"Ana, why are we learning this?" Ana's laughter sounded like tiny bells ringing.

"To gain the necessary power and control to takes us all, as a group, on a very important and wonderful adventure across the Universe."

Suddenly Ana's presence filled their sexual organs. Ana contracted her body and pulled the two women face to face. Their feet floated just about the carpet as their bodies collided. The intense sexual pleasure was instant and they both shivered and held on tightly.

Kat fumbled behind her until her hand found the door lever. She gave it a push and it swung open. In spite of their ragged breath, they mashed their lips together in a deep, hard kiss. They stumbled into the apartment kissing, groaning and giggling as Ana moved in and out of their pussies.

"Ooooo, Katherine," Roberta almost screamed. "I don't believe this is happening." When she saw the view of San Francisco bay over Kat's shoulder, she gasped. Kat squatted slightly and hocked her hands under Roberta's butt.

"Lock your legs around me," she whispered as she hoisted her up in her strong arms. Roberta hung on Kat with a grin. She wrapped her legs and arms around the South Wind.

"I've never felt like this before," Roberta said. Kat smiled and softly kissed her, exploring her mouth with her tongue. Roberta responded in kind.

"You haven't felt anything yet."

Kat carried her into the master suite and laid her on the bed.

"I want to show you something," Katherine said. She reached behind her, unhooked the top of her dress, and pulled the zipper down. She rolled her shoulders forward and the dress fell to the floor. Kat was naked. Roberta sat up on her elbows. Her mouth fell open.

The tail of the snake ran up Kat's thigh. It coiled above her hairless pubic area, coiled again around her naval, and wrapped around her back. Kat turned so that Roberta could see everything. One coil looped down over a butt cheek and back up disappearing into an arm pit. Kat raised the arm. Besides the snake passing through and wrapping around her bicep, Roberta could see a fine, almost invisible patch of blond hair. She looked so incredibly sexy.

As Katherine turned back facing Roberta, she saw the snake reemerge, curl under one small breast and face outward between her perfect pouty nipples. The artistry was so impeccable; the looked three dimensional.

Kat came to the bed, placed her knees on the edge and on either side of Roberta's legs. Her pussy lips opened and glistened with moisture. Roberta stared at her crotch unable to look away. The labia majora was puffy with no hair and beyond those lovely lips she could see the pink and delicate labia minora. Finally tearing her eyes away from Kat's pussy, she looked up into the face of the snake. Kat fell forward with her hands on each side of her shoulders and stared into Roberta's eyes. Roberta stared at the snake.

Kat slowly unbuttoned Roberta's blouse and peeled it open. She had large voluptuous breasts. Kat felt a little trickle of juice roll out and down her leg. As much as she loved Connie, she could feel Roberta was filling all her nooks and crannies with shear perfection. She had never felt this connected before.

Connie, I love you, but this... The thought raced out to the West Wind.

I know, baby. It's okay. She heard Connie's voice. I feel the same way toward Marie. I love you. We are all one.

Roberta gasped and looked into Kat's eyes.

"I heard that," she said breathlessly.

"Because we are all one," said Ana in her musical tones. "Dear precious ones, it's time to unite." The command went out to all four.

Katherine wasted no time removing Roberta's clothes. She almost tore them off her, and Roberta helped. They grunted and giggled until their naked bodies were locked in a blissful embrace. They groaned and cooed as they kissed and caressed each other's sweet sensitive places. Which for Roberta at that moment, was anywhere Kat touched her. Ana was deeply lodged inside their vaginas, slowly moving in and out. In fact, her powerful spirit body filled four wet, needy vaginas at once.

In Fountain Springs, Connie stood behind the bar and Marie sat on of the bar stool when Ana struck. She penetrated the East and West winds, and immediately, all four were untied in a sexual embrace like nothing they could have imagined.

Kat and Roberta lay scissored together in a vaginal kiss grinding their burning pussies together.

"I can feel them! Oh God, Katherine. I can feel you all."

I love you Roberta. She heard three voices in unison.

Kat lay back on the bed with her eyes closed. She felt Connie and Marie inside her. She looked up at Roberta. Roberta raised her head. Her face was contorted in blissful pain.

"Let's us all cum together," Ana said over and over. It was a song that almost erupted from their lips. "Let's us all cum together."

Kat gripped Roberta's hip and humped against her. She could feel Ana's body stretching her cunt open wide, even though it had no physicality. Her clit pounded against Roberta's.

Connie and Marie were separated by the bar. Fortunately, they were along inside the Lucky Eight Ball. Connie swiped her hand across the bar surface sending the glasses flying. She reached over and pulled Marie closer. Marie literally climbed the bar, and Connie pushed her on her back and tore her shorts off. Marie's pussy was awash in sexual excitement.

Connie unsnapped her pants and kicked them away. She climbed up and the bar slamming her cunt into Marie's and fell back against the hard wood as Ana penetrated them both uniting them with Kat and Roberta.

"Let us all cum together." Ana's song rang in all their heads. Connie power humped her pussy against Marie. Marie began to pant and whimper.

Roberta grabbed Kat's hips and humped back.

"Katherine. Good God!" She moaned and groaned each time their clits rubbed together in the increasing wetness.

"That's it, Robbie," Kat moaned. "Fuck me baby. Fuck me."

"Connie! I'm going to cum," Marie cried out.

"Me too, baby. Fuck me." Connie pictured Kat in a similar embrace with Roberta and she smiled. I love you all.

"I love you too," Marie said.

"Ahhhhhhhh," Kat cried out as the orgasm began its journey from her fingers and toes toward their dripping, inflamed vaginas. I love you too.

""I'm cumming, Katherine. I'm cumming." Roberta began to experience seizure like spasms all over body. And I love you all.

"Let us all cum together."

Ana's body felt like it was rotating around faster and faster inside the vagina's of the four winds. They felt her in the exact same way. When the orgasm came, it was a whirlwind of energy that spun them into a blissful unconsciousness. The last thing each of them heard was a crescendo of symphonic like music with Ana's voice pronouncing her love for her four precious winds.

 **********