 Inside the world of Lord Rachnid. Z1 becomes Zonie. Here cum the Marines.



Lord Rachnid's primary residence was the deepest, darkest cavern on the planet Morbid. Morbid circled Dark Star, an extremely dense, neutron star which emitted such intense gamma radiation, that all life on Morbid lived miles below the lead alloy crust. It protected the dying planet's life from the unrelenting and inhospitable forces of the ancient collapsing star.

It hadn't always been this way. Hundreds of thousands of years ago, Dark Star was still a vibrant, shining ball of stellar gas exciting life all across the surface of Morbid. As it exhausted its nuclear fuel, it fell into the natural course of a star's evolution. Scientific development on Morbid had progressed to the extent that a forewarning gave the inhabitants time to build vast underground cities. When Dark Star collapsed into the brooding aged neutron stage, life was well established below ground.

It was a hard life for all of Morbid's survivors. When it was discovered that two seemingly separate universes had collided, and the point of contact was within the planet Morbid, everything changed. The contact point in the other universe was a planet that still enjoyed surface life with a stable midlife star. That planet was Earth.

Rachnid crawled across the shiny obsidian ceiling of his throne room until he came to the entrance that led to The Great One's core domain. It was referred to as The Great One, the energetic body of Morbid itself, and of course The Great One existed everywhere on the planet. It was the conscious life force of Morbid much like Gaia was on Earth. Rachnid preferred to have his audience with The Great One at the planet core. The Great One's conscious energy was the strongest at the core.

He slipped inside the tunnel that led to the core and entered the vast empty cavern situated at the exact center of Morbid. It was a massive hole left by a bubble of gas five billion years ago.

"Rachnid," The Great One exhaled. It wasn't really words, but Lord Rachnid's personal power and advanced psychic abilities allowed him to translate Morbid's spiritual energy into conversation.

"My master, my life, my essence," Rachnid said and bowed respectfully on his eight long legs.

"You know you need not come to me and bow. We already and always are of one essence, spider. You know we are dying. I know you foolishly try and save yourself. Poor little spider."

"Master, we must try. We've come so far. Your life force is intrinsically tied to Dark Star's fate, but we have found an opening; a way into another universe."

The Great One started laughing uncontrollably. Rachnid waited impatiently until the master calmed down. When he started in again, The Great One cut him off.

"You think it's only I whose fate is tied to Dark Star? Rachnid, I assure you, you will never leave this dying body."

Rachnid stifled his anger, but he couldn't hide it from The Great One. Deep down inside, he knew his master could be right.

"So tell me of your plans, Lord Rachnid. I will advice you even if I know it is an ill-fated adventure fueled by your arrogance and vanity." The Great One, of course, knew all about the plans, but it was blessed with infinite patience and took delight in watching Rachnid burn off his vain and cruel energy. Unlike Lord Rachnid and the human inhabitants of Morbid, The Great One remembered how it was before the darkening. It remembered that once, life was filled with beauty, love and best of all, glorious light.

"Once I breach the other universe," Rachnid explained, "and take all my energy and life force through, you'll be there too because we are one. You can have your way with the one they call Gaia, and I'll rule on your behalf."

Rachnid's petty machinations bored the Great One and it turned its attention else where. It was several moments before Rachnid realized he was along. He grunted in resentment and stormed away.

