 Connie searches for the Eastern Wind and Kat breaks her ties with the past. The motorcycle club heads home, and the term devil dykes takes on a new meaning for the witches of Anaconda.



Connie moped around her apartment for a couple of hours before dressing and going down stairs to the bar. It had been almost a week since she had been below in the Lucky Eight Ball.

When she got half way down the stairway, she stopped and surveyed the scene. Mattresses were strewed about the floor, stained in alcohol and other indescribable substances. She chuckled and shook her head. The juke box played that old country tune, "Lonesome Me." She sighed as she listened to the sad melody; then shook off the feelings and proceeded down the stairway.

Three people sat at the bar drinking beer; Lynn from the bed and breakfast, Steve the tow truck driver from the local auto shop and Roy the deputy sheriff who patrols the Fountain Springs area.

"What a sorry lot of patrons you three are," Connie said with a laugh. "Hey, Roy. Did you decide to stop in and see if there was anything left around here?"

"Morning, Connie. Looks like some fun was had. Haven't heard any serious complaints so far, except from these two love sick freaks."

"What's eating you two?" Connie asked as she started wiping down the bar.

"I was a heterosexual last week, and now I don't know what I am," Lynn said. "I had my world rocked." Connie high-fived her.

"I know the feeling. It happens to me every time they come to town."

"And you?" She leaned on her elbows in front of Steve.

"Oh, nothing," he grumbled. "I was a heterosexual last week and I'm more of one this week." He went out the door. Connie looked at Lynn.

"He fell for the daughter of one of our guests. Where have you been? I haven't seen you all week." Connie smiled as she thought about Kat.

"I was locked up in my apartment all week with..." She looked back and forth between Lynn and Deputy Roy. "What the hell, let's just say I'm through with men." She looked at Roy. "Sorry, dude."

"You don't have to apologize to me. I'm married." Roy slapped the bar and stood up. "Well, it looks like there wasn't much damage this year, so I'll head back to Garvey and file my report."

"Give my regards to Sheriff Gibbs," Connie said. She looked around again and threw up her hands. "What a fucking mess."

Lynn slid off her stool. "I'll help. Come on. We'll clean it up in no time." 

Suddenly Connie felt a small shiver in her belly, and Ana spoke in her sing-song voice.

"Examine Lynn's energy body. Show me what you've learned."

At first, Connie panicked, but she calmed herself after reviewing Kat's instructions. She relaxed and felt Ana's snake form emerge from her vagina. She shivered and squinted her eyes, sweeping her gaze up and down along Lynn's body as the dark skinned girl started bringing empty beer cans and bottles over to the bar.

"That's it," Ana said. "See the dull area near her midsection?" Connie silently acknowledged. 

"She has had a baby. Baby's do that to the energy body. A female child robs her mother's energy body of luminous filaments." 

"She not the one," Connie said silently to Ana.

"No, it won't be that easy finding the East Wind. Practice every time you get an opportunity."

As Ana's snake form slid back inside grazing against Connie's clit, she shuddered, gripped the edge of the bar and tried to stifle an orgasm. Ana laughed at her, but a wave of ecstasy swept over her body from head to toe. When she looked up, Lynn was staring at her.

"You okay? You look a little peeked," Lynn asked. "If I didn't know better, I'd say you just had a big oh." Connie took a deep breath while Lynn chuckled.

"Ah...I just haven't had much sleep lately."

Lynn laughed as she gathered up empty beer glasses.

"I hear that. I've never had this much great sex in my life. If I'd have known girl sex was so good, I would have made the switch a long time ago."

"So...," Connie said taking another deep breath. "You and Animal huh? I'd have never predicted that."

"I know!" Lynn plopped down on a bar stool. "I blush just thinking about it, but that girl has an extraordinarily long tongue." She fanned her face. "And she never tires. I hope she comes back soon or I might go into withdrawals. I cried like a baby when she left."

Connie felt exactly the same way. She would have liked to talk about it, but she was determined to keep her relationship with Kat private.

It took a couple of hours to clean up the Lucky Eight Ball. They stacked the mattresses against one wall. Connie called a handyman she had used around the property and asked him to return the mattresses to their owners, although she didn't think they'd want them back. 

"Let me buy you dinner, Lynn. That was a lot of work."

"Thanks, Connie, but I need to get back and see how the bed and breakfast fared. Besides I have to hitch back or walk, and I don't want to be out after dark."

"Then let me give you a ride. I haven't been out there in a while. I'd like to see what you've done with the old girl."

***************

Out on a small stretch of old Route 66 cutoff an abandoned, for all practical purposes by Interstate 40, the Devil Dykes pulled into what remained of Clayton, Utah. One small grocery store with two gas pumps out front was all the remained of the business section. Everything else was boarded up and bleached out in the desert heat. A crusty old man in overalls sat in a chair under a shade tree.

"Hay old timer, you got any cold beer in there?" Ricki called out to him, as she pulled her gloves off and stuffed them in her back pocket.

"Sure do," he said and groaned as he struggled to his feet and lead the way inside the store.

"We need some gas too."

"Help yourself," he replied. "Billy Bob, go help these gals pump some fuel into their scooters."

A young boy, no older than nineteen, closed a tattered old Playboy magazine and sauntered out the door. Ricki opened the magazine and draped out the centerfold out.

"Now that's some sweet meat, wouldn't you say, old man?"

"You girls one of those lesbian biker clubs?"

Ricki laughed. "I swing both ways, pops, but I'm damn near fucked out. This last week has been one hell of a pussy licking party."

The old man chuckled.

"Help yourself to the beer," he said. Ricki put a twelve pack up on the counter.

"Mind if we sit in your shade and quench our thirst?"

"Hell no. Be good to have some company. I had my wild days in life, but I'm all fucked out too." He cackled through his toothless mouth.

Witchy entered the store, got a cold bottle of water out of the refrigerator and paid the old man.

"So..." Ricki looked at Kat. "Why do I sense your parting ways with us a good-for-nothing bitches?" Kat smiled and nodded her head.

"Guess it's time."

"You fell in love back there, didn't you?"

"Something like that," she said and turned the cool water up to her lips.

"I don't blame you. Connie's a special gal."

"Looks like you fell in love too. Betty Jo's perfect for you."

"You think so?"

"I know so. I can see you two together." She gave a hard stare at her biker friend. "Don't fuck it up. She'll be good for you. Make you stronger." Ricki smiled and nodded her head.

"I'll miss you," Ricki said after a moment of silence. "I know you're the real deal. I believe in that shit even if I don't live it. Hell, I read Carlos Castaneda's books. Heavy duty shit."

Kat held up her hand and Ricki grasped it. They embraced and she whispered in Ricki's ear.

"If you ever get in some deep shit, you know what I mean, just think of me and this..." She stepped back, opened her shirt and exposed her breasts. It was the snake's face that she wanted Ricki to see. The old man looked at them and turned quickly away.

"Think of me and this snake. The others don't know, but I think you do. She's my power spirit. If you need me, I'll know it and come."

Ricki grabbed her and hugged Kat's bare chest against her.

"And the same goes for me, Witchy. You can send me an e-mail or call the club house voice mail. You'll always be a Devil Dyke." She kissed Kat's neck, pushed away, grabbed the beer and walked out the door.

Kat turned toward the old man. She grabbed her shirt tails and flashed her pouty breasts at him. His eyes widened and his mouthed dropped open. Kat smiled.

"I'm real sweet," she said. "But the snake bites." She winked, laughed and walked out behind Ricki tying her shirt tail back into a knot.

Kat joined the Devil Dykes who had gathered under the shade tree with the twelve pack.

"Listen up you wonderful, cunt licking bitches. I have to head north, so I'll leave your elegant and luxurious company now. I've had the time of my life, and who knows, maybe the spirit will have our paths cross again."

She stepped behind Animal, bent down and whispered.

"Animal, darlin'. I saw you and that little towney together, and if you don't go back and settle down with her, you're damn fool. She's crazy about you, and I know that accident didn't scramble your brains that much." 

Kat pushed the center of her chest against the back of Animal's head. She silently requested Ana's influence. The spirit energy stirred and a little spark passed from the center of Kat's chest into Animal's head. She caressed the top of her head, bent down and kissed it, winked at Ricki and turned away.

Kat swung a leg over the seat of her Harley, fired her up, kicked her into gear and roared away.

Animal sat up, ridged and wide eyed. After several minutes, Ricki sat down next to her.

"Ya know, Witchy has a point. If you went back there, you could always come home if it didn't work out. Besides, we'll be back to Fountain Springs next year. Do what ever you want. You know you always have a home with me."

Animal didn't hesitate. She stood up and strut her long legs to her bike. Without one word, she pealed out in the direction of Fountain Springs. Ricki laughed.

"Damn, this must be the year of love." She grabbed Betty Jo's hand and pulled her into her lap. She planted her lips against Betty Jo's mouth and grabbed a handful of tit. When she broke the kiss, she yelled, "I think I'm in love."

Betty Jo laughed, cuddled Ricki and kissed her back.

***************

Connie closed up the Lucky Eight and climbed the stairs to her apartment. Not many people had returned yet since running out of town, and she saw no use in staying open. She wanted to curl up on her bed and descend into the spirit world in which Kat and Ana had introduced her.

She took a quick shower, pulled the covers back and lay down naked on the top sheet. She ran her arms and legs over the cool material remembering how good Kat felt, and how wonderful and indescribable it was having Ana thread their sex organs in a union she didn't even know possible one week ago.

"Precious Connie," she heard the musical voice inside her. It started a tingle in her pussy. "Come with me. Ride me and I will take you to our beloved Katherine." 

Connie swooned and felt herself falling into a deep, sensuous hole. With a sudden jolt, she stood along the bank of a large river. She was oblivious to Fountain Springs, her apartment and her bed.

A gargantuan snake raised its head up out of the river water and hissed. It slid up between her bare legs, curled around and rubbed against her skin.

"Mount me. Ride me. Kat waits."

The voice wasn't in her head. The snake spoke to her with that similar musical lilt as Ana's spirit body but with a deeper resonance.

"I've never shown you this form. You've only felt my snake spirit presence. The silver goddess appears when I want to instruct you. But now it is time for you to embrace me as a snake. I am the Queen of Amazonia. Mount me. Ride me. Katherine waits for us."

The anaconda rose up and pushed against Connie's crotch. Her body was at least 18" in diameter. Connie leaned forward and placed her hands on the snake. She locked her legs around its body. The texture of her skin was amazing, and Connie felt like she would have an orgasm just feeling the wet skin and intense power between her thighs.

Suddenly Ana's snake body rose up out of the water, higher and higher. The water cascaded down and dripped off in torrents. Connie teetered for a moment until she locked her arms and legs feeling more secure. She placed her face against the smooth, cold skin and laced her fingers underneath. The snake was thirty or forty feet long, and the height was dizzying.

In a rush of blinding speed, they shot straight up through an incredible blackness. The sudden motion made Connie a little nauseous. She felt like they were twisting and turning; sometimes flying upside down. All that Connie could think of was she would be with Kat, or Katherine or whatever her name was; her lover, best friend and partner for life.

"Kaaaattt," Connie screamed and there motion came to a jarring end. The humongous snake was gone, and Connie stood face to face with her lover.

"I felt you coming to me," Kat said and swept Connie up in her arms. It all felt so real. Their kiss was as real as any kiss she had experienced since Kat first held her in her arms.

"What's happening?" Connie whispered.

"I think we're getting a monster demonstration of what Ana is capable of." She kissed Connie again. They were both naked and Kat's skin felt like silk against her. Kat rubbed her leg up and down against Connie's vulva.

"Oooo, I love your pubic hair," she cooed. Connie reached down and ran her fingers gently over Kat's bald labia.

"This feels so real."

"I think it is real. This isn't like before," Kat said. "When we were spirited into the meadow. You're here with me. Flesh and blood. Tell me what happened."

"I lay down on my bed to meditate on Ana, and I fell into a deep hole. I was at a big river. I guess the Amazon. She showed me her physical snake body and told me she was the Queen of Amazonia." Kat listened intently. "Holy smokes; she's huge! Then she told me to mount her and she would take me to you. And here I am."

"I stopped and got a motel room," Kat shared her side of the story. "After a shower, I felt super dizzy and collapsed on the bed. The walls started to rattle. It scared the shit of me at first. I thought it was an earthquake." Kat gripped Connie's ass in her hands and ground her legs against Connie's wet, hot vagina. She kissed her neck.

"Then I heard Ana's voice tell me you were on your way. I was so elated. Connie, I love you so much. Even if I find this North Wind, I'll never feel any different toward you."

Connie took Kat's face in her hands and kissed her all over; her nose, her eyes; her cheeks and finally her lips and a long, deep kiss.

"Oh, my sweet. I love you too. Oh! And get this; she called you Katherine." Kat started to chuckle.

"Yup, that's me. How about you? Are you Constance?" Connie giggled.

"No, just Connie. My parents weren't that clever."

"I can't hold this energy much longer," they both heard Ana's musical voice. "It's very difficult. Afterwards, you'll both need to eat some hearty food. For now, just embrace each other; love, love, love."

Like giggling school girls, they leapt onto the bed, entwined their arms and legs and made love. Their sexual play involved lips, tongues, fingers and any other body part they could use to touch, caress and stimulate. 

"Lay still, love," Connie whispered to Kat. "Let me adore you."

Kat propped up her head with a pillow against the headboard. Connie kissed her face and lips, dragging her tongue up and down the thin scar along Kat's jaw, from the corner of her mouth to her ear. Kat shivered.

She licked Kat's nipples; drawing circles around each one before sucking them into her mouth. Kat twitched and moaned. 

"I love your titties," she said and gently bit the nipples as she slid one hand down across Kat's taught belly and tickled her labia majora. Kat spread her legs.

"Oh God," Kat groaned. Connie slid her middle finger up and down the outer slit. Each pass brought more moisture out onto the hairless lips until Connie parted them and slid her finger inside. She kissed down Kat's belly as she traced her finger tip around and around the labia minora, those precious inner lips Connie called a flower. When her lips reached the top of the majora, she parted Kat's pussy and dipped her tongue in dragging it over the little swollen pearl inside.

Kat twitched and cried out like a small animal. With her other hand to assist, Connie parted the outer lips, raised the clitty hood and sucked her clit into her mouth.

"Not only do I love your titties," she said between licks, "I love your sweet little love button (lick), your beautiful inner flower (lick) and your precious vagina." She wiggled her tongue inside Kat as deep as she could reach.

With out taking her lips off and her tongue out of Kat's wet, hot hole, Connie rotated her hips around and lowered her own dripping cunt to Kat's mouth. They scooted down toward the center of the bed, and Kat gripped Connie's butt cheeks in her hands and pulled her lover's pussy tight against her mouth. Connie moaned into Kat's pussy.

In one swift move, they rotated again until their open, hungry cunts embraced in a kiss. They locked their hands around each other's hips, pulling and humping. Kat stared into Connie's eyes. The look of unbearable need was displayed on both their faces.

"Kat, oh dear god," Connie cried out as her labia slid open against the oily lips of Kat's pussy. Each time their clitties came into contact, they cried out in unison.

"Baby, baby, baby," Kat groaned and ground herself against Connie. "Fuck me baby."

Suddenly Ana's presence appeared inside them and the familiar feel of her serpentine body filled both their pussys. Kat and Connie screamed at the same time and exploded in a blinding orgasm. The sheets soaked up the puddle of love juice that dripped out of them. Their arms and legs twitched. Their eyes rolled back in sexual bliss. Kat and Connie surrendered to Anaconda's swirling energetic spirit world of sexual passion and lost consciousness.

***************

Connie awoke with a start. The room was totally dark. She felt around next to her; she was alone. She sensed she was in her own bed in Fountain Springs.

"What the fuck?' She muttered. She touched her body. She was naked, and she cupped her breasts and thought of Kat. 

She slid a hand down between her legs. Her pubic hair was damp. She slid one finger inside and then brought it up to her nose. She could smell Kat.

"Holy shit!" She sat up and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. "What happened?"

Ana's responded immediately. "I transformed your corporeal body into pure energy, transported you to Kat and reassembled you back into the physical."

"You can do that?" Connie was astounded. 

"I can. I told you I would take you to unimaginable worlds. This was nothing; just the beginning, and you will learn to do it on your own. It may take you years, but it is possible for you to gain the focus and control. It uses up a lot of your finite energy, though, so now you need to eat. I suggest steak and eggs; something with serious substance."

"Ana, thank you so much. That was so wonderful," Connie said and fell back on the bed clutching her body at the belly button.

"Eat," Ana said and fell silent.

Connie threw on some clothes, went straight to the diner and ordered the steak and eggs.

***************

Lynn heard the motorcycle coming from out on the main road. When she realized it was coming down the long driveway to the bed and breakfast, she raced to a front window, drew the curtains aside and watched Animal ride in.

"Oh em fucking gee," she muttered. She spun around, ran over in front of a mirror in the sitting room and looked herself over. She fiddled with her hair, pinched her cheeks and pushed her breasts up and around in the bra.
