 Mistress stood back and gave me another view of her delectable body. Her large breast were soft and swayed gently as she moved around the room. My mouth watered as I thought of how wonderful they'd feel underneath my lips. My gaze was drawn down the soft slightly rounded stomach until it latched on to the juncture between her legs. In the dimly lit room the area was slightly darkened but I could just make out the bare skin between. Unconsciously I licked my lips as if I could already taste her sweet nectar. My hands curled as I tried so hard not to struggle against my bindings. 

"Are you trying to tell me that you want your turn now?" she asked seductively. 

I nodded and gave her a wide eyed pleading look. I was completely entranced by her as she sauntered slowly over to me. She leaned over me so that her creamy delicious nipple was right in front of my mouth and I immediately opened up so that I could finally taste it. But even when I stuck my tongue out, it was still too far away. I couldn't help the whimper that burst forth as I struggled for just one little sample of her delectable flesh. 

"Ah, ah, ah, my little lovely. You'll do as I say or I'll keep you tied up until you learn your lesson." 

She pulled away so I could see how serious she was. Despite my disappointment I nodded knowing there was no point in arguing because as long as I was tied up, I was at her complete mercy. That thought made me so excited I could feel a fresh wave of juices spill out from between my already soaked thighs. I pushed my rising frenzy back so I could give all my attention to pleasing Mistress, because something inside me felt as if that would bring me just as much pleasure as it'd give her. 

She finished untying my arms without any more disobedience from me; which provoked a sweet, praising kiss on my collar bone. I gasped a little at the feel of her lips on my skin once again. I had to grasp the covers hard to not grab her and force her to continue with the contact or to take it further. Mistress was making it so hard to keep my mind on her and not on the sensations she was provoking. 

"Good girl."

"Thank you," I whispered back still a bit dazed. 

"Thank you, what?" she asked ominously. 

"Thank you, Mistress," I said hurriedly, hoping I wouldn't get into trouble. 

I didn't know what she would do if I displeased her, but I knew that if I wanted to get my hands on her sexy, sleek body I was going to have to do things her way. Her face had taken on a very pleased and satisfied look as she backed away to go untie my ankles. Her happiness filled me with pride as if I was only living to please her. This should have worried me a bit, but when she gestured for me to get up I shoved all those concerns aside and practically jumped off the bed. She slid up in front of me and wrapped an arm around my waist to pull me closer until our bodies completely aligned. Our nipples were both stiffened to hard points and I could feel them rubbing against each other. This sensation was strange and foreign to me, yet it was so amazingly erotic that it still stole my breath away. Her other hand cupped my neck and held me still so her mouth could take mine in one hard swoop. Her lips devoured mine hungrily, urgently and I returned her fervor. I longed for this kiss, I yearned for any knowledge of this woman I could get. She tasted sweet and musky at the same time; an unusual combination for sure. It took me a moment to realize the reasoning for that. The muskiness was my own, this woman's lips had just been on my pussy only moments before and the taste lingered on her. Instead of feeling disgusted by this I pressed back even harder. I opened my mouth and lapped at her lips wanted more of this exotic combination. She was a sweet Mistress because she opened up immediately and gave me her tongue, her taste. Our tongues immediately meshed and dueled, almost as if we were fighting for dominance. I wasn't fooled; I knew who the boss was here and it certainly wasn't me, still the feel of her tongue rubbing against mine sent little waves of pleasure through me making my knees wobble. 

When she pulled away I whimpered a little wishing this moment didn't have to stop. She gave me a little breathless giggle and a gentle kiss on my nose. 

"You certainly are a demanding little toy," she said gently though a little bemused. 

I waited to see if she was going to chide me for my demands. When she didn't I relaxed a little and returned her smile gratefully. She let me go and stepped backwards towards the bed until it hit her knees than she laid back on it without hesitation. Her long, lean legs touched the floor and she curled one arm under her head and watched me as she spread her legs giving me an unobstructed view of her sweet bare cunt. My eyes glued on the tantalizing little flesh and I unconsciously licked my lips wondering how much different she'd taste than my own tidbit I'd sampled on her lips. As I gazed at her, her hand slid down her flat stomach until it hit the juncture between her thighs and my mouth went dry as her fingers began playing between her pussy lips with jubilance. A single finger began to gently flick her hardened nub back and forth. I was entranced by her movements, by the glistening of liquid that was leaking from her pink slit. Honestly I'd thought nothing could have dragged my attention away from her delicious cunt, however when a whimpering reached my ears I couldn't help but be drawn to her face. Her eyes were closed, her luscious lips were parted partially and gentle pants were falling out of it. 

Unable to deny myself the draw of her any longer, I stepped forward until I was standing between her legs. I reached out and just gently touch the very tip of her clit surprised by how hard it was. It felt like a little wet bead and I wanted to play with it so badly, to discover every little thing about it. 

"Why, you naughty little girl." 

I looked up and saw her eyes had opened and were staring right at me. I flushed and jerked my hand back, feeling embarrassed that I hadn't been able to contain myself until she said I could. 

"Oh, no, no, no. You are going to finish it now. Now that my sopping wet cunt has had your touch I'm afraid mine won't do. And here I was trying to make it so easy on you for your first time," she rebuked me. 

She sounded so disappointed, but under that tone was a streak of evil glee as if she'd planned this all along. Far be it for me to disappoint her again, I thought then quickly reached out again. I gently touched her clit again and tried hard to copy her movements. She let out a little moan as soon as I began to rub it; encouraged I rubbed it a bit faster. Unnecessarily, she had left her hand down there holding her pussy lips back for me. My position was a bit awkward but I wasn't quite ready to stop playing with my new little toy. 

As if she had read my mind she said, "get on your knees." 

I dropped immediately and crawled close to the bed so my face was right above the spot I was still trying hard to play with. I took a deep breath and breathed in her own personal musky deep scent. I was captivated by it immediately and laid my nose to the top of her pussy so I could breathe her in deeper. 

"Do you like that, baby girl?" she asked so softly it was almost endearing as she reached down and caressed my hair. 

"Yes, Mistress," I breathed.

"Good, now eat my pussy. I want your sweet little tongue in my slit," she almost growled. 

Her words sent a thrill through me and straight into my pussy making my inner walls clinch. 

"I've never done this, Mistress," I whispered hesitantly. 

"Oh, baby girl, you'll do just fine," she reassured me. 

Renewed and encouraged by her words, I targeted her clit. I touched my tongue to it gently and listened as she hissed in a breath. I slowly flick the hardened bead before I became braver and slid my tongue down to the very edge of her wet slit. The first taste I had of her was mind-blowing, she was sweeter than I thought she would be and definitely different from my own. I was quickly drawn in and addicted, I wanted, needed, demanded more. I began to lick her enthusiastically, devouring every drop I could find and when that was gone I opened her slit wide and began to thrust my tongue inside as deep as it would go. Focused so intently on what I was doing I almost missed the most beautiful part, her cries and whimpers of pleasure. 

"Yes, oh god, yes. Fuck me with that tongue." 

Pride welled up in me at the idea that I could drive Mistress to this edge when suddenly a sort of devilish feeling came over me. I pulled my tongue out and instead of fucking her with it, I began to tease her clit with it enjoying the sound of disappointment that popped unwarranted out of her mouth. I circled her clit with my tongue several times without actually touching it, I knew she was getting frustrated when she kept jerking her hips upwards trying to force my tongue to where she wanted it to be. 

I also knew the moment she realized I was tormenting her on purpose; I knew cause she gripped my hair and pulled my head up so I was forced to look at her. 

"Sooo..." she started breathlessly, "the sweet little toy wants to play, huh?" 

Her dark eyes twinkled ominously. The words 'oh, shit' would not have even come close to the fear I was feeling at that moment. She pushed me back until she could sit up, then gripped me under my arms and with a surprising strength pulled me on top. Shoving my legs apart with her knee, she pushed her thigh flush against my throbbing pussy. She wrapped her free leg around me and began thrusting against me, rubbing her soaked slit against my thigh. I watched in fascination while she moaned and sighed, fucking herself against my leg. I knew she was getting close because she started to grit her teeth and strain harder against me. This sight was enough to get me going as well, so I tilted my hips just slightly so my swollen nub pressed firmer into her leg. I gasped at the tingling pleasure that sparked through my pussy. She tighten her grip on my hips stopping me immediately, frustratingly.

"Ah, ah, ah. You wouldn't finish me and are forcing me to do it myself so you will get no pleasure from this. You will stay still and watch me," she warned, her voice was firm despite the hoarseness and breathy quality of it.

I whimper in frustration. "Please, Mistress, let me go and I promise I'll finish you." 

"You are only saying that so I'll let you cum," she hissed disapprovingly. 

"No, Mistress, I swear I want to. I want to taste your cum on my lips," I begged her desperately. 

A satisfied smile crossed her lips and she stopped grinding against my thigh. 

"Good, girl," she whispered.

Twisting my hair into her hand, she yanked my head back so my neck was exposed to her then latched on to it. She sucked and nibbled and bit until my movements were frantic. Every moan, every cry, every whimper was an encouragement to her to do it harder. I knew she was leaving a mark there on purpose and I felt a thrill go through me that even after this strange wondrous night was over I'd still have a bit of her on me. She pulled away slowly, going from her ravenous sucking to a gentle lick until finally she dotted the spot with gentle little kisses. 

"There my sweet little pet, you are now mine," she whispered in delight. 

I whimpered back as she reached up and gently caressed the mark. The touch alone sent another bolt of desire down to my already twitching cunt that was aching to be filled by my Mistress' soft tongue, or her long fingers. Or anything else she wanted to put in there, as long as she was the one doing it. She yanked my hair until I was looking into her eyes again. 

"I said, you... are... mine," she growled. 

I realized she wanted my affirmation of this and there was no way I was going to disappoint her, because she was right. I was all hers, heart, body and soul for however long she wanted me. 

"Yes, Mistress, I am yours," I whispered back without hesitation this time. 

She smiled a wicked heart stopping smile. "Good girl."

She flipped me over on the bed and crawled up my body before straddling my face and grasping my hair again.

"Eat me, little girl. I wanna watch as your face shines with my cum." 

God, her words drove straight into my pussy and I knew it wouldn't take me long to cum again especially under her administrations. However, the moment her cunt touched my lips and I could smell her arousal, I was lost. I opened my mouth and immediately sucked as much of her sweet pussy inside as I could. The musky sweet taste of her intoxicated me until I couldn't get enough. 

I wanted more, I wanted all of her. 

I was literally eating her sweet cream and listening to her cries of pleasure which was music to my ears. I was making her do that, I was giving her the same kind of joy she had given me. 

I flicked my tongue out and stroked her clit causing another torrent of juices to coat my tongue. I lapped at those as I felt her sopping channel spasm with every pass I made. Wanting to feel it tighten up when I made her come I reached around behind her and searched until I found her hole. I slowly pressed in and felt the tight muscles part as I slid inside. Once lodged as deep as I could reach I heard her gasp and felt her hand tighten in my hair. 

"Yes, fuck me with your fingers," she demanded. 

If I could speak at that moment I would have told her that that was exactly what I was planning on doing. I rotated my fingers around until I found the spot that made her almost scream and I made sure to hit it each time I would thrust inside her. I flicked her hard little nub as fast as I could and was soon rewarded with exactly what I had wanted since the moment I'd laid eyes on her. The sweet taste of her cum, the feel of her orgasm by my hand. 

Tightening of her channel was the first indication, then I felt her stiffen a second before she let out a scream and a gush of liquid covered my face faster than I could lick it up. Her body jerked several more times as I continued to lap at her trying to clean every last drop from her. Enjoying the taste of a job well done, literally.

She released my hair and moved so fast I didn't have a chance to keep her on me. She didn't go far however, she laid down next to me and caressed my cheeks and my lips. 

"Mmmmm, that was amazing, my pet. Are you sure you've never done this before?" she asked doubtfully. 

I shook my head. "Never, before I saw you tonight I'd never been attracted to a woman." 

She bent down and kissed me gently on the lips. At least I'm sure it was meant to be gentle but when her tongue touched my lips she seemed to get turned on again by the taste of herself and pulled me to her tightly then plundered my mouth seemingly desperate to find more. 

She pulled away and I could see her eyes had dilated with arousal again. This woman was insatiable, not like I had any room to judge since I recently had my own orgasm and I could feel my juices running down my leg as my pussy begged for more. She ran a hand down my body and everywhere she touched goose bumps sprung up and I felt my nipple tighten again in anticipation of her touch. 

"Well, since you have been such a good girl, I think it's time for your reward don't you?" 

I nodded emphatically, excited that this incredible woman hadn't forgotten about me.