 Kat severs all ties with her past and begins her search for the North Wind. Connie continues her search for the East Wind. Things sizzle at The Springs Bed and Breakfast. 

Kat wheeled her Harley through the San Francisco freeways, and when she pulled into the driveway of a gated down town high rise, she pushed a small button on her remote, and the iron gates slid open allowing her entry.

She pulled into a space labeled "Katherine Underwood" and parked the bike. As she unstrapped her bedroll and back pack, a security guard turned the corner and came up behind her.

"Hi Ms. Underwood, I haven't seen you in a while. Everything good?"

"Hey Bert. As a matter of fact, everything is terrific. How's the wife and kids?"

"They're just fine, thanks for asking. Tommy's getting over the flu, but he'll be fine."

Kat reached into her pocket and pulled out a coin. She tossed it to Bert.

"I know he's collector. That's an 1881 silver dollar I picked up in Nevada. Tell him I said I hope he feels better soon."

"Thank you so much. That's very sweet of you. He'll love it."

Kat smiled and went through the door into the corridor leading to the elevators. What she wanted more than anything else, besides holding Connie in her arms, was a hot shower and a thick steak.

The elevator doors opened, she inserted her key and hit the penthouse button. Thirty-nine floors later, she emerged into a private foyer, unlocked her door and entered her home. It had been three weeks.

She tossed the bedroll in the entry, kicked off her boots, stripped off her clothes and carried them and her backpack to the laundry room. She stacked it all on top of the washer.

She entered the kitchen, looked in the refrigerator and shook her head. Of course, there was nothing there worth eating.

"Ana, I sure miss Connie. Can we play some more?"

"You are both way to self indulgent, dear Katherine," Ana replied in her spirit voice. "Find the North Wind. Search for her. Call her to you."

Kat sighed and headed for the master suite. As she passed the living room windows, she looked out at the panoramic floor-to-ceiling view of San Francisco bay.

"Patience, Katherine. It's too soon to bring your physical bodies together again, but we shall link up in our spiritual embrace before you sleep tonight. Happy?"

Kat laughed and patted her lower belly. 

"I love you Ana."

"And I you, dear Kat."

After a long hot shower, Kat toweled off and dressed for dinner. She slipped braless with no panties into a short hemmed black dress and stepped into her favorite low heeled pumps. She fussed slightly with her short cropped hair, applied a scant amount of makeup and called ahead for a table at the small restaurant on the lower floor of the building. There was always a table when she called. Katherine Underwood had privileges. She owned the building.

When she walked through the door, the maitre d' smiled and rushed up to her.

"Ms. Underwood, it's so nice to see you. It's been too long."

"Fernando, you're looking as handsome as ever." Fernando grinned broadly.

"So kind of you to say so. You're table is waiting."

Fernando showed Kat to a lone table in a dim lit corner. He held her chair as she sat. A table candle flickered, and one long stemmed rose adorned the setting. Kat leaned in and smelled the flower. It reminded her of Connie.

"Bring me a medium fillet, baked potato and whatever veggie Julio is dishing up tonight."

"Certainly," Fernando said and quickly disappeared pulling some curtains around the area giving her a hint of privacy.

When Kat's missionary parents died in a typhoid outbreak in the Amazon, she inherited the family fortune. Her grandfather had built a real estate empire from Atlantic City to San Francisco. She owned substantial stock in six major corporations, and had ridiculous amounts of cash spread across a large array of financial institutions. She managed it all with a team of attorneys and accountants who checked and counter checked each others work. 

She had her own foundation that donated large amounts of money to her personal causes; numerous orphanages in South America, Africa and Asia, a cadre of shamanic practioners throughout the Amazon basin and many North American Indian schools.

As CEO and Chairman-of-the-board of the Underwood Industries, the Underwood Family Trust and Katherine Underwood, Inc., Kat headed up a board meeting every month one floor below her 3,000 square foot apartment. She had called from the road for a special meeting to convene tomorrow.

After dinner, she went back up to her apartment, peeled off her clothes and curled up on the bed. She squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipples. One hand dropped between her legs, parted the folds of her needy cunt and massaged her clit.

"Connie," she moaned.

"Kat," she heard what sounded like Connie's voice. She sat up with a start.

"Connie?"

"Kat?"

Suddenly Ana stirred inside Kat's belly and her spirit head slid seductively out of her pussy.

"Oh god," Kat moaned and fell back onto the bed. "My Connie..."

"I'm here," Kat heard. She closed her eyes and felt the sensation of Connie's pussy lips plastered against her own. Ana moved in and out of her witch's pussies.

"I love fucking you two," they heard Ana Say. "You're so easy and ready. Such nasty little children."

Kat pinched her nipples and moved her hips with the rhythm Ana established. She could feel Connie's clitty riding against her swollen, achy bud.

"I'm going to cum," Kat groaned.

"Let's all cum together," Ana said. It sounded like a song.

Kat's hips twitched and quivered. She could feel Ana's body inside her from her open heart, through her belly and out her inflamed vagina. The sensational feeling of Connie's clit pounded against her own. When the orgasm washed over her, Kat began to cry. It felt so good and yet hurt so bad. She wanted Connie in her arms, her lips against her lips and her raw, hot clit against her needy little bud. But her tears turned to joy as the orgasm engulfed her and took her to the flower filled meadow they had visited so many times before.

Kat and Connie sat on either side of Ana's silvery human form. The three held hands. The orgasm sensation had become a vibration that radiated through everything. The heart of the vibration emanated out of the center of Ana's chest.

"Listen my children," Ana said in her mystically hypnotic voice. "I have a new task to add on top of you finding your counterpart winds. You need to find four women who embody the four elements; earth, air, fire and water. 

"The air in this case is not a wind, but the general properties of a gaseous effervescence. She will be here and not here. Felt but invisible to the untrained eye; able to penetrate without notice.

"Earth will be our rock; steady and reliable; a solid foundation on which to build our endeavors.

"Fire will provide the necessary transformative heat needed to perform our alchemy.

"And water to provide a fluid and malleable life force necessary to carry us across the Universe."

Ana untied the front of her shear silk dress and let it fall away revealing her large breasts. The nipples stuck out at least an inch and glowed a bright white. She stretched her arms behind the two witches and pulled them into her.

"Suckle upon my bosom, my children. I have nourishment for you that will feed our tasks and strengthen your energy fields."

She pushed their faces into her breasts and Kat and Connie, with their usual blind obedience, placed their lips around Ana's nipples and began to suck. It wasn't a sexual experience. The milk that flowed from Ana had a sweetness that was indescribable. As it trickled down their throats, their bodies began to glow with warmth and vigor. Kat reached up and placed her hand around Ana's breast. She looked at Connie who was enraptured as she nursed on Ana's nipple. The milk dribbled out across Ana's breasts and down into the silvery gown she wore.

Kat looked up at Ana. Her eyes were closed and she too was lost in a feeling of bliss. Kat closed her eyes and surrendered all her attention to sucking the sweet nectar from her spirit guide's breast. She reached over, however, and took Connie's hand. They laced their fingers together and drank Ana's milk.

"My dear, sweet children," Ana sang holding their heads firmly to her chest. "Suck, drink and feed on my essence. We are one"

