 Meanwhile, back in Connie's apartment, a strange new adventure continues to unfold for the Lucky Eight's owner. 

*

Over the next few days, Connie remained in the apartment. Kat came and went bringing food. She didn't want Connie around the other Devil Dykes. Their days and nights were spent in a strange, phantasmagorical spiritual/sexual union with Anaconda. Some days seemed like one long orgasm that left them collapsed in comatose exhaustion. Little by little, Connie became familiar with Anaconda, but she still felt confused about what it all meant and where it was going.

When Kat wasn't instructing her in the ways of sorcery, as her new witch lover called the belief system, Anaconda herself spoke in that hypnotic, enthralling voice.

"My beloved, Connie, everything is energy that vibrates at varying rates." Her voice would simply appear inside her head and sweep up every shred of Connie's attention. She spent most of her time in bed, where her body could safely faint into a trance as Anaconda instructed her in the ways of the spirit world. 

"Each color of the rainbow vibrates at deferent rates producing the spectrum of colors. Like wise, the appearance of every object in the physical world is determined by its vibration rate. The power I am bestowing on you will enable you to affect the rate of energetic vibration in everything you come in contact with.

"Don't worry about memorizing this. I am planting this knowledge in a special place of your body. It will grow like a sprouting seed as we nurture it with our devotion and attention. You will access it as needed in the appropriate time and place. Just remember that you are pure energy vibrating at a rate that determines your unique self and at the same time defines you as exactly the same as everything else-energy and nothing more."

When they weren't locked in a vaginal union with Anaconda fucking them both for hours on end, Kat and Connie floated in a trance-like state where Anaconda appeared in human form as a silvery goddess. The three usually sat in a circle, holding hands, and Ana, as Connie started calling her, continued to define the strange world in which she had been thrust.

Ana's list of rules was short. 

No alcohol or drugs; they damaged the energy body. 

No sex with any one else unless it was deemed by Ana or the voice of the Spirit; it was after all a sacred act of union. 

Have no day without some form of union with the Spirit itself, be it sexual with Kat or trance journey. 

On the fifth day, after hours of deep sexual union something changed. Kat and Connie were in their usual position on the bed. Their vaginas were locked in a hot, wet kiss with the spirit snake threading both their sexual organs. Suddenly their climax exploded into something more powerful than anything either had ever experienced. In a blinding flash of ecstatic light, they found themselves with Ana in a meadow filled profusely with wild flowers and every animal imaginable. The vision was breath taking. Ana was in her human form in silver threaded radiance.

"It's time," Ana said in her sweet melodic voice. "Kat will leave with the others. You must not stay with those girls any more." She looked at Kat. "It's time for you both to take the next step."

She gathered them in her arms and kissed each one on the center of their foreheads. Connie fell back into the meadow as a glow of energy filled her head. For a moment, she lost consciousness. 

Ana held on to Kat as she too swooned in her arms.

"You must take care of her, dear Kat. She's still so fresh and new, but for a while, you'll be separated. You must make a clean break from your past. It's no longer useful." Her voice sounded almost like a song.

"We need to gather others, like your selves, into our fold. The task won't be easy." She reached back and pulled Connie upright. Connie opened her eyes.

"Dear precious Connie, Kat will be leaving for a while, but she will be back. You belong to each other now." She pulled them in a close embrace. "I will never leave either of you, and even when you are apart, you will be united through me." 

"Now, I have a task for you both. I want you to gather other women together. Not just any women. It will be a difficult job, but I know you can do it. I want you to find two more women. They will be blown to you by the winds."

Connie's slumped against Ana. Her body tingled and vibrated in a way she had never experienced. She felt the sensation from her toes to the top of her head. Kat sat fully erect, but she too had never felt this intensity of feelings and sensations. It was the most wonderful feeling either had ever felt. Both their faces were wet with tears of joy.

"Kat, you are the Southern Wind, mysterious and raw. Connie, you are the Western Wind, fresh and cool. Dear Kat, the task of finding the Northern Wind is up to you. She will be full of knowledge and stability. It will compliment you perfectly. Precious Connie, you must find the Eastern Wind, hot and dry; a compliment for you as well.

"I will help you in making the selection, but you must find them on your own. Be vigilant. Kat, you must teach Connie how to sweep her eyes over the perspective wind bearer. You'll see the energy lines in perfect alignment with your own. Once you find them, reel them in with all the guile and seduction you need. I will step in and help when needed."

"I feel your resistance, Connie. What you and Kat have is and always will be special. But now it's time to move forward to a higher vibration rate. When the four winds are brought together, you will feel more power and love than you can even imagine. You can trust me in this knowledge.

"Once the four winds are gathered together, a larger task will be presented to all of you. This may take months; it may take years. Your determination and vigilance is of the utmost importance. Your physical bodies will not last for ever. Death stalks you at every turn. Live each moment as an opportunity to fulfill your task."

Ana leaned her face toward Kat and looked into her eyes. They began to glow with a bright golden light. It came out of Ana's eyes and entered into Kat. Before she fell back on the meadow grass, Kat felt the softest lips touch her own.

"You are me," Kat heard, and the knowledge entered her head and filled every cell in her body.

Ana leaned toward Connie, transferred the same sensations into her with the gold glowing eyes and kissed her lips.

"You are me," Connie heard as she too fell back onto the meadow.

Ana's silvery human form slowly morphed into the shape of the anaconda snake and she slithered between Kat's legs, nudged her vaginal lips open and slid inside. Kat began convulsing in the field of flowers and grass. Her arms and legs twitched in uncontrollable spasms. 

Once Ana's tail disappeared inside Kat's splayed legs, her head reemerged and slithered over Connie's thigh and entered her vaginal opening. Connie's body began to mimic Kat's convulsions. Suddenly, the snake contracted jerking Kat and Connie face to face and belly to belly. They clutched at each other as something roared through them so far beyond an orgasm that no words would ever give it a description. Both women lost consciousness as Ana whispered, "We are one."

**********

It was the last night of the annual Fountain Springs run, and the Lucky Eight Ball was rocking and rolling. Everyone in Fountain Springs was there; some by choice and others in reluctant terror.

The Devil Dykes had gathered up several mattresses from around town; they were placed around the bar room floor. It was a scene of debauchery worthy of Caligula's ancient Rome.

Animal lay on her back in one corner, and Lynn, from the bed and breakfast lay on top. Their faces were busily buried in each other's crotches. Bertie had tried to join in several times, but Animal had a fit. Lynn was all hers, and she wasn't sharing.

Don Carlson, having finally surrendered to Ricki's stern commands, sat naked on a bar stool while Marge straddled him riding his cock with complete abandon. Their daughter Brenda, along side her mother and father, straddled Steve, the tow truck driver who was hauled in a couple of nights ago. Steve was tall, muscular and cute. Brenda had been fucking him from the minute they met. 

Pussy Lips had Rita and her mother Marilyn Benson. The two woman sat on the bar bare assed as Pussy switched back and forth between them. Mother Benson had a terrified look on her face, but Rita's eyes were closed and her lips were curled in a smile. Rita grabbed her mother's hand and lifted it for kiss.

"Rita, what are you doing?" Her mother gasped. Rita's answer was to pull her mother over for a kiss on the lips.

"Mom, you are so hot, and I'm feeling so good." She planted her lips again and slid her tongue into her mother's mouth. Marilyn struggled, but when Pussy's mouth landed back on Marilyn's open vagina and her tongue slipped inside, she surrendered and returned her daughter's kiss.

Rita's groped for her mother's breast, and Marilyn groaned into her daughter's mouth. She grabbed her mother's hand and put up to her own breast. Pussy looked up delighted to watch mother and daughter make love.

"Come down here, sweetie," Pussy said to Rita. "Eat your mama's snatch."

"No," Marilyn gasped. Pussy stopped her complaint by pressing her lips against the mother's mouth. She filled her hand with Marilyn's breast, kneading and squeezing.

Rita slid off the bar, caressed her mother's thighs as she parted them, and buried her face into her mama's open, wet pussy.

"Doesn't that feel good?" Pussy whispered in Marilyn's ear. "Your little girl eating your sweet, sweet pussy?" Marilyn groaned. It felt wonderful and shameful at the same time.

"Mama, you taste so good. I love you so much," Rita said between licks. Marilyn's hand dropped down and gently caressed her daughter's head.

Double Dee and Donna, from the bed and breakfast, danced naked and slow next to the juke box. Dee's huge beasts were crushed against the smaller woman's chest. Donna's hands held Dee's ass. They kissed passionately as Donna rubbed her thigh against Dee's hairless pussy.

Ricki sat at a table in the back at the bar room with Betty Jo from the market. They too, like everyone else in the Lucky Eight, were naked. They held hands across the table and gazed into each other's eyes.

"You're a special, girl," Ricki said and reached a hand up to caress Batty Jo's face. "You should come out on the road with me. Be my mama."

Betty Jo blushed. She placed her hand over Ricki's, brought to her lips and kissed it.

"I've never know anyone like you. Never did anything like this. What's it like on the rode?"

"Wild and free, sugar; always on the edge; no boundaries. We have our home base in San Berdo County. We have a club house, and I have a little place of my own out in the sticks. And I'd love to have you behind me on my hog. I'll take real good care of you."

Ricki caressed her face again and slid her hand down taking one large breast in her palm, pinching Betty Jo's nipple. Betty Jo flexed her back and pushed her titties out taking a deep breath. Ricki reached out the other hand and massaged both breasts.

"I've never asked anyone to be my mama before. I'm getting older, I guess. I'd like to settle down a little bit. Just be nice having a special lover to call my own. That doesn't mean we couldn't have threesomes; girls and boys" she said, winked and grinned. "But I like what you got. I like it a lot. Come with me."

Ricki leaned across the table and kissed Batty Jo. Betty Jo took Ricki's breasts in her hands and squeezed. When their kiss broke, they gazed into each other's eyes.

"Okay, you make me feel so good." Betty Jo whispered. "I really don't have anything here. I'll go with you."

Ricki stood up, pushed the table over on its side and swept Batty Jo in her arms.

"Hey everybody," she shouted loudly. "I got me a mama. Betty Jo is riding with me."

The room erupted with hoots, shouts and whistles. Ricki threw Betty Jo down on a mattress next to Animal and Lynn. They lay curled in each other's arms. Ricki and Betty Jo kissed and fondled each other.

"You two are pretty lovey dovey," Ricki said to Animal and Lynn. Lynn smiled and cuddled closer to Animal. Animal grinned from ear to ear.

"I like Lynn," Animal said.

"I adore Animal, "Lynn said. "She's opened a whole new world of loving for me." Lynn kissed the side of Animal's face.

"Will you be my mama," Animal asked mimicking Ricki.

"I don't know, lover, maybe," she replied. "I was hoping I could keep you here with me."

"And leave Ricki? Ricki takes care of me."

Lynn curled a leg up around Animal and ground her pussy against her hip.

"Couldn't she stay here, Ricki? I'd take good care of her." She kissed Animal's ear.

"Animal's her own person; she doesn't need my permission." Ricki turned away from them and rotated around putting her face between Betty Jo's legs.

The smell of sex inside the Lucky Eight was over whelming.

From the top of the stairway, Kat peered down at the scene below. Holy shit!  She came on down with a grin on her face and caught Pussy Lip's eye.

"You all look bored to rears. I thought you were a wild bunch."

Pussy laughed. "We're just getting warmed up, Witchy Poo." Kat chuckled and weaved her way through the crowd of naked revelers and headed for the front door.

"Where's Connie?" Pussy called after her. "She's got some serious pussy lickin' to do." Kat snapped her arm up and showed Pussy the back of her hand as she went out the door. Kat turned down the street and went into the diner. It was vacant, but she rummaged around the kitchen, found some makings for sandwiches and put together dinner for she and Connie. She tucked the sandwiches and a quart of milk under her arm and went back to the Lucky Eight Ball. As she passed through the crowd, she looked around and noticed Pussy Lips was missing.

"Son of a bitch!" 

She sprinted up the stairway and burst through the apartment door. Pussy Lips sat on the floor with a look of shock on her face. Connie stood with her arms folded and her bare nipples poking out over the top. Kat could feel the presence of Anaconda. Her energy rose out of Connie's cunt like a cobra swaying and dancing to a flute. Kat smiled.

Pussy looked at Kat and then back at Connie.

"What you doing, Pussy?"

"Ricki said we could have her on the last night."

"Ain't going to happen, Pussy. Connie's my mama now. It's time for you to leave."

"Fuck! We'll just see about that!"

Pussy jumped up and ran out the door. Kat turned and looked at the Western Wind filled with a power only the Southern Wind could appreciate.

"What did you do to her," she said laughing.

"Nothing," Connie admitted. "She came through the door and said it was time for me to lick some pussy. I felt Ana come alive and before I knew it, Pussy was flat on her back."

Kat threw her head back and laughed. She placed the food on the table.

"You see the power? Be careful, it can be addictive. If you're tempted to use it when you don't really need it, it'll come back and bite you."

Kat pulled her shirt off and stepped out of her shorts. She sat down and unwrapped the sandwiches. Connie crossed over, leaned down and kissed Kat.

"I love you," she said. Kat grinned and kissed her back. She hugged Connie and kissed her belly at the naval.

"Let's eat. When Anaconda's power comes out like that, you need to replace it with food. She uses your energy."

As they ate, Kat began to talk about their relationship to Anaconda, the spirit world and the path they now walked together.

"You have to start living the life of a warrior. It's mean a tight, clean life. Never waste energy. Remember all of Ana's commands and follow them without question." She stopped for a moment and thought back at the lessons that Mama Lucia had taught her.

"A warrior has four natural enemies. Every day of your life is a battle against them. The first one is fear. It will always raise its head, but at some moment in time, fear will challenge you, and if you beat it, if you don't succumb to it, you'll gain clarity. Then clarity becomes the enemy. If you don't succumb to the seduction of clarity, you'll gain power. Then power becomes the enemy; the most seductive enemy. It makes you think you can do anything. Beat power, and you face the last and most formidable enemy of a warrior, old age. 

"That one finally takes you down, but you won't go easy. Death will have to drag you out kicking and screaming. Most people go willingly because their lives have become so empty and useless. A warrior's life is tight, full and filled with purpose."

Connie listened as she ate. They shared the quart of milk until it was gone.

"Ana will keep the lessons coming. I don't know when I'll be back, but everyday I'll feel you through our connection to her."

"So I just wait here and look for the Eastern Wind?"

"Maybe. Maybe she'll have you take off too. Just follow her lead and her commands.

" Do you remember what Ana said about sweeping your eyes over someone's body to see their energetic configuration?"

"I remember when you swept your eyes over me. I almost fainted. It was uncomfortable."

"Here's how you go about that. Focus first on Ana and until you feel her emerge from your pussy. Squint your eyes to reduce the visual input, and she'll become your visual sense. You'll see the energetic lines that make up the human body. We're like a shiny cocoon of threads about the size if you hold your hands out to the side."

"How do I know the Eastern Wind configuration?"

"I have no idea. I have to figure that out for the Northern Wind. My guess is we'll have to start examining everyone we meet and notice their personalities. Remember, the East is hot and dry. I knew you were the one immediately. Hopefully that will happen for us in our new quest."

"What happens when we find them?" Kat laughed.

"Ana will have all the answers until I see you again."

Connie sat in silence pondering this new information.

"It won't matter, you know."

"What do you mean it won't matter?" Connie asked.

"It won't matter where I am or where you are. We'll find each other." Kat stood up, took Connie's hand and lead her to the bed. They fell into each other's arms and kissed.

"You have to trust in this. Anaconda will keep us connected. We'll do whatever we have to do to find the other winds."

"What then?"

"We'll see. Trust me, the Spirit always has a plan."

Kat rolled over on the top of Connie, laced her fingers into Connie's hands and raised them above her head.

"This is our last night for a while," Kat whispered and gazed into her lover's eyes. "I love you too, Connie." She leaned in and kissed her. They both felt Ana stir at the same time. Their vaginas became instantly inflamed with heat as the snake began to move, sliding inside each woman connecting them in the sexual embrace they had become so familiar with.

Her serpentine energy slithered up inside both torsos. It was more intense than they had felt before. The friction became overwhelming. They trembled in each other's arms. Anaconda began to speak.

"I will connect you both in this manner as often as it is necessary. No matter how far away your physical bodies are, this connection will be as it is now."

Connie felt Ana sliding in and out in short, powerful strokes. Kat whined as her hips flinched and humped against Connie.

"Ohhh, Kat! Ana! Ahhhh," Connie's orgasm began immediately and continued without abatement.

"Shhhiiiit," Kat cried out. She too felt the climax that seemed unending.

They both began to make wild, animal sounds as their bodies twitched and spasmed in orgasmic ecstasy. Anaconda's voice became a long, melodic hiss that drove the two women even higher into bliss.
