 That thought made my pussy tingle and I opened the curtains wide, stripping off my bikini and standing in front of the window completely naked now. I couldn't tell if he was watching me, the sun was setting and happened to be directly behind his house which meant it blasted through my window. Oh well, if he was watching then I was going to give him something he would love.

I walked back over to my bed and laid right in the middle of it, my legs spread wide so he could see my pussy. I then sucked on the pink rubber cock as I turned it on. It rotated and vibrated with a rubber bunny to stimulate my clit. The girls thought it would be funny but I loved it and put it to good use quite often. 

I got it nice and wet and then brought it between my legs, rubbing the tip between my smooth lips. I teased my clit, arching my back and pushing my tits up so he could see me pinching my nipples. I then slowly inserted the tip of the cock into my pussy, moving it in circles so he could see as it stretched me open.

I felt the ears of the rabbit tickle my clit and I forgot all about going slow to seduce Chris. Fuck it, if he couldn't take the hint while I was out back then he didn't need to worry about seeing everything now. I began ramming the vibrator in and out of my tight, teen pussy; my muscles contracting around it as the rabbit vibrated against my clit and made me cum several times. I was a shaking and sweaty mess thirty minutes later, my body too weak to get up and shower. I passed out with the dildo right next to me.

I woke up maybe an hour later, my tummy growling at me for food and my cell chirping nonfuckingstop. My girlfriend sent several texts asking if I was having a party since my parents were out of town. I just met her when I started the new school and she seemed alright but I wasn't ready to bring people over. I sat up and looked out the window to see the blinds drawn on his. 

I threw on a fresh pair of yoga pants and another tank and went downstairs to raid the fridge for dinner. Halfway through chewing a piece of cold pizza, the doorbell rang. I smiled, thinking it was Chris and he was going to give me some bullshit about checking up on me. I put the pizza on the counter, pinched my nipples a few times to make them hard and then walked to the door.

"Uh hi Katie... my name is Jenn. I live next door. Your dad told me that you babysit and I was wondering if you were available tonight?"

I looked her up and down just as she was doing to me. She was judging me, not pleased that I answered the door with hard nipples or that I looked this fucking hot. I figured, what the hell? Telling her that I needed to change made her relax a little, I guess she was worried I would just come over dressed as I was. She closed the door and went back to her house to wait for me.

I threw on a bra but left on my yoga pants, covering my ass with a long t shirt. I would play the part of the good little girl next door when dealing with Jenn, she obviously wasn't thrilled she had to ask me to babysit. 

"Hi Katie, come on in. I think you have met Chris already, right?"

I looked into the living room to see Chris holding a toddler. He gave me a quick nod and then turned to head upstairs, explaining to someone that he was setting Joey down in his crib. Jenn closed the door behind me and explained that they were having a date night and Chris forgot he had his son tonight.

"Sorry for the late notice, we haven't had date night in a long time and I need this so I wasn't going to pass up the chance. I hope I didn't ruin your plans for the night..." She said as she riffled through her purse in search of something. I looked at her dress, this tight and very short black dress that she was going to wear for their date night. He was dressed in a pair of jeans and a button up collared shirt. He looked good and I suddenly wanted to dig my nails into his ass as he pounded his cock into me. Oh well, perhaps another tine.

"Yeah, no worries. I didn't have plans tonight, mom and dad are gone for the weekend."

"They mentioned that, asked me to keep an eye on things."

She threw that last part out there like it meant she knew what I did today. I stared at her, watching as she applied a bright red lipstick to her lips. She didn't show signs of knowing anything so I shrugged it off. She was hardly home anyway. 

"Well there isn't anything to keep an eye on, I am 18 anyways. But it is nice to know someone is looking out. So what time will you be back?"

"I am hoping to have dinner and then maybe go dancing, if I can talk him into it. He doesn't like to go dancing. Anyway. maybe 11ish... later if I get lucky." She ended that with a wink as he came walking down the stairs.

He told me that Joey was asleep and then left his cell number on a piece of paper at the table. Jenn took my number so she could call me without ringing the house and waking the baby. I smiled as I noticed Chris checking me out, probably remembering my pretty pussy from earlier. They walked out, locking the door behind them and I plopped down on the couch to watch television. It was only 8:30.

The doorknob twisted and keys jingled as Chris opened the door and closed it behind him. I sat up and straightened my shirt, proud of myself for being a good girl and not snooping through their room or doing something dirty. Hell, he coulda caught me masturbating on his couch! I looked at the time and saw that it was only 10.

"Where is Jenn?"

"She is passed out in the car. I uh... I don't know how much to pay you." He said, pulling his wallet out and thumbing through it.

"Don't worry about it, I didn't do anything. Joey has been asleep the whole time and hell, you have only been gone for an hour and a half. I thought she wanted to go dancing?"

"Yeah, well the wine took care of that." 

He looked pissed. I walked up and placed my hand on his chest, moving my fingers slightly to rub him. I was inches from his mouth, my tongue sliding across my own lips to keep from licking his. I bit my bottom lip and gave him a sad face and then said, "Maybe you should wake her up when you carry her to bed, she was looking forward to fucking you tonight."

"She told you that?!" He was floored, not sounding pleased that Jenn would share personal details about that stuff.

"She didn't have to, I could tell by the way she was dressed tonight." I ran my hands down his chest and over his stomach, slipping a finger just inside the waist of his jeans and tugged before adding, "besides, I know I would be dying to feel you deep inside of me if you were my man." 

I then pulled my hand away and turned towards the door, shaking my ass as I grabbed the handle. Just then the door pushed open and Jenn stumbled in. She looked pissed that he left her in the car. Her hair was a mess and she was slurring her words as she asked Chris why he didn't wake her. I slipped past her and ran across the yard and back into my house before she could register that I was alone in there with her man.

My heart was racing! I just had my finger in his jeans, albeit not much but enough that I would have been pissed if I walked in on that. He wanted me. I could see the fire in his eyes, the look of pain as he struggled to fight the demons that were telling him to touch me. He was so tall and so big and I would have dropped to me knees to pleasure him with the drop of one word, any word. He had an air of control about him, of dominance. I wanted to be his little girl. 

I walked into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water when I realized that I left my phone over there. Great. What in the hell was I going to do now? Chances are, he was carrying his woman upstairs to ravish her body or he was carrying her to bed because she passed out again. I wasn't sure I wanted to risk knocking and waking the baby up.

I walked back into the living room and turned the television on. Just then I heard a soft knock at the front door. Good, maybe he was bringing my phone over. I opened the door and sure as shit, Chris was standing there holding my phone. I stepped back, opening the door wider and inviting him in. He did walk in but stayed at the door. I took my phone, brushing my fingers over his. 

"Thanks, I didn't want to interrupt anything by going back to get it."

"You wouldn't have interrupted anything. She is in bed and out for the night." 

He pushed his hands into his jeans pockets and looked around the house. I leaned up on my tiptoes and kissed his cheek, inches from his lips and just over his beard. It tickled my face and made my nipples hard. In doing that, I had my hand placed on his chest, leaving it there when I pulled back. He reached up and grabbed it, pulling it away but not letting go of it.

"Look Katie, you are gorgeous and any boy is lucky to have you for a girlfriend but I am old enough to be your father. I also have a fiancee. I appreciate the flirting but I hope you know that nothing is going to happen."

"Sure. I understand. I didn't think anything would happen anyway and you can't be old enough to be my father, you are too young looking and very hot."

"I'm 39. I appreciate the compliment but I meant it, nothing can happen."

I looked into his dark brown eyes, my pussy on fire as he ran his tongue over his lips. I couldn't resist him. I wanted him to carry me upstairs and fuck the hell out of me. I pulled my hand, bringing his with it, and placed it on my tit, pressing his fingers against my hard nipple. I heard him draw in a breath and I shivered. 

"Good night, Katie." He said, pulling his hand away from me as if I were on fire. He left my house, pulling the door closed behind him, not even turning back to look at me.

I locked the door and ran upstairs. I needed to cum and couldn't wait any longer. The man was going to drive me crazy. I used my vibrator hard and fast, coming several times before closing my eyes and finally falling asleep. My dreams were wild, many different scenarios of the two of us fucking. I was going to make this happen.

I woke up the next morning to the sounds of someone beating the door down. Looking at the clock to see that it was 8 in the morning, I threw on a pair of shorts and ran downstairs. I was only wearing a tank, no bra and shorts and my blonde hair was a tangled mess.

I threw open the door, ready to yell at whoever was standing on the other side. I opened my mouth but couldn't get anything out as I looked at Jenn. She was wearing a pair of shorts and a tank as well, her black hair pulled back into a tight ponytail. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra, her nipples poked out at me like hard little pebbles.

"Katie, I think we need to talk." She said as she walked into the house. I stepped back to let her by, even though she wasn't giving me much of a choice. I so wasn't ready for this. I became angry, figuring Chris ran back and tattled like a baby.

She walked into my parent's living room and sat on the couch, patting the space next to her for me to sit. I was nervous as hell, totally not wanting to listen to her talk to me like I was a kid and explain that Chris is too old and he is going to be marrying her and I should respect people and their relationships and blah blah blah. I sat in the chair next to the couch, not giving her the satisfaction of me listening to her completely.

"Alright then, there is fine. So I would like to apologize about last night. I had too much wine with dinner and got a bit drunk so I am sorry. I hope Chris paid you enough and everything was alright."

I was shocked, sitting there with my mouth opened like a dummy. "Oh... uh yeah, it's cool. Don't worry about it."

"Well thanks. I just wanted to get that cleared up." She was facing me and I was suddenly very nervous. She didn't look pissed or embarrassed and I wasn't sure what to make of this entire situation. 

"Yeah, it's all cool. So uh anyway, I need to get some chores done before my mom and dad get home. Hope you have a great day..." I said, standing and walking towards the door in hopes that she would get the hint and leave. I sighed when I saw her stand and start walking towards me. 

I turned the handle and began pulling the door open only Jenn pushed her arm out and slammed the door shut, leaning against it to keep me from opening it again. "Oh, I am not done with you, little girl." She said, turning the lock and grabbing me by my hair.

"Ow bitch! What in the hell do you think you're doing?"

"I am going to teach you a lesson about messing with older people, especially when they are engaged." She yanked my head back and pushed me against the wall, her hand releasing my hair so she could use both hands to grab mine. She then lifted my hands, pressing them against the wall and leaned in to kiss me.

Her lips were soft and velvety, her tongue tender at first, sliding in and exploring my mouth. She gradually grew rough, her hands sliding down my arms to grab my tits, squeezing them hard. I moaned, her fingers pinching my nipples and causing my pussy to get wet. She moved one hand down, slipping it between my legs and sliding under my shorts.

"Damn, you are so wet." She said, sticking two finger deep in my pussy and nearly lifting me off of the floor. I tried to pull her hand away, I had never been with another girl and wasn't about to start with her. She laughed, thrusting her fingers in and out of my cunt. I brushed across her tit in an attempt to push her away. Her nipple was hard and I couldn't help but tweak it, grabbing it between my fingers and twisting it a little. 

"So you want to be a dirty little slut and fuck my man huh?" She moaned into my ear as her lips moved across my neck and her teeth began to nibble on my lobe. I tried pushing her away but she was much stronger and her fingers were driving me insane as they worked my pussy. She used her thumb and began rubbing my clit and soon I was holding her wrist, crying out for her to stop as I came. 

She pulled her fingers out of my pussy and I nearly collapsed on the floor. She brought her hand up and admired her wet fingers for a second before smearing them over my own lips. "Lick your lips, bitch. Taste your pussy." She ordered, as if I hadn't done that already. I slid my tongue out and licked them clean, moaning back at her to get a rise. "Oh yeah? You like the taste of your pussy huh? I bet you will like mine even better."

She grabbed my hair again and spun me around, pushing me down onto the stairs. My ass fell hard on the carpet as I watched her push her shorts down and step out of them. She had smooth hairless lips and her pussy was glistening with her juices. I looked at her and shuddered, suddenly eager to run my tongue over her.

She stepped up to me and placed her leg on a step, grabbing my hair and shoving my face between her legs. I couldn't speak as the sounds came out muffled when I tried to tell her to stop. She began grinding her cunt into my face, my tongue instinctively sliding out and flicking across her clit. She tasted sweet and I couldn't help but slide my tongue into her pussy. I wanted to see if I would be able to taste Chris, maybe she fucked him this morning and her cunt was filled with his seed.

"Sorry slut, I didn't fuck him first. I might when I get home though, depends on if you can make me cum. Now, eat my fucking pussy and do it well. If you are a good little girl, then I may return the favor, one day."

I pulled my tongue out of her hole and wrapped my lips around her clit, flicking it while sucking on it. She began bucking her hips, pressing herself onto me even more. Her hand held onto my blonde hair as if she was going to fall by letting go. I couldn't help it, her pussy tasted amazing and I found myself bringing my hand between her legs and my fingers exploring her tight hole while I sucked on her clit. I slid in two fingers and began fucking her, curving them so they would bang her g spot.

That must have done the trick, in a matter of seconds she was screaming at me, her body convulsing and her pussy squirting out at me. She coated my face and the front of my tank with her girl juice and I sucked and slurped to get as much as possible. When she finally finished, she pulled away and pushed my head back so I was laying on the stairs. She leaned over me and smacked my pussy over my shorts, her fingers nailing my clit and causing me to cry out. Her tongue ran around my mouth as she seemed to drink herself off of me.

I was dying for her mouth on my pussy, I ached to have an orgasm and yet all she did was smack it. She pulled away from me, leaving me panting on the stairs as she grabbed her shorts and slipped back into them.

"So I suggest you keep this between us. If I find out that you told Chris, I will punish you in ways you couldn't even begin to imagine."

She then left, closing the door softly behind her. What in the fuck just happened?!! I was totally confused and now pissed that I licked her damn pussy and she couldn't even make me cum!