  (Author's note: This is intended for lesbians who have difficulties arising from severe church indoctrination that has affected their ability to accept their lesbianism. In Iowa, their Supreme Court opened up same sex equality. Fundamentalists launched a campaign to remove those justices who voted in favor of this, and succeeded. At the present time, an avowed lesbian pastor in the Methodist Church is to be tried for marrying same sex couples though it has been quietly permitted previously. Some lesbians have a tremendous burned within them due to the preaching of God's retrubution for disobeying his laws, and a penatly of everlasting hell to follow. This is for you if it applies, and you need help in understanding what the truth of it all is, and you wish to be free of this burden.

If you, as a lesbian, do not have this problem in you, please do not deny this information to your sisters who do have this problem.

All others, if this is in any way offensive to you, please read another story.)

Chapter 11 (continues)

Awake the next morning, I awoke to Caryn staring at me, then smiling beatifically. It wasn't long before I realized I was wholly uncovered, then looked downward as much as I could, and knew Caryn was bared too.

"I had to see you in daylight. You're so sexy and gorgeous, and you make me want to make love to you all over again," she whispered, fire in her breath and eyes.

"Have you been to the bathroom yet?" I asked her huskily.

"No, but I'm going," she caught on quickly.

Watching every move she made, my eyes glued to her back, loving what I knew had to be the most beautiful and sexy ass and legs. Awaiting her return, I was determined to see her fully. Caryn's hair, back, ass and legs were more than I dreamed they might be, my heart palpitating wildly on seeing her, and knowing I'd see the rest of her in a minute. When she stepped out, she stopped to smile at me, but I only glimpsed a small view of her from the front, but her profile was every bit as alluring as the back of her, with her breasts standing nicely rounded, firm, and upright, her nipples erect and larger than I thought they were.

"I can see you wanting me, Penny, and my heart is beating so hard, and making want to be back in bed with you. The way I feel right now, I want you to want me like that forever," she whispered, her words a sweet hissing in my ears.

Waiting for more of her, my own heart was doing some fairly wild things too. When she did come back, she moved slowly, teasing me, giving me what I was wanting. The frontal view of her was breathtaking, the hair covering her pussy like a magnificent flame, and it burned my eyes and my mind. It was as gorgeous as the hair on her head. Looking at her heaving breasts and enlarged nipples, my pussy didn't want to wait any longer, but it had to. I looked into her eyes that were more than inviting me to hurry, seeing all of the beauty of her, I gasped.

"Your turn, my love," she said, bent to kiss me, her luscious tits making me wish I didn't have to do anything but love her, but then she moved aside to watch me, but not quickly enough that my hand couldn't brush one of them as I got up.

As much as I could, I gave her the show she'd given me though I knew I'd never match her in beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, though, and my beauty, to Caryn, was every bit as I thought hers to be. There was pure lusting in Caryn's eyes as she looked at me in profile.

"You have the sexiest breasts," her lust voiced itself. "Hurry and show me more, then let me love you again."

As much as I could, I hurried so I could give her the same frontal view of my body as she'd given to me. When I did, I was rewarded by seeing her magnificent breasts rising and falling in a rush, her eyes flashing as if the color in her hair was in them.

"I was a fool for making us wait," she said, took me, and pulled me bodily, and swiftly onto her.

We couldn't wait to make love to each other. Licking each other in a frenzy, we both had an instant orgasm, then slowly rewarded ourselves by loving less frantically. I took the time to allow my eyes to catch glimpses of her hair color, then I became as a moth trying to bury myself in her lighted fires. I'd seen Caryn's skin color, and how it melded with those delightful freckles of hers, but they were more than delightful on her naked self.

Caryn was one of those lucky red heads whose skin was the coloring of milk mixed with the right sprinkling of freckles that gave her skin an unusual cast, as sexy as pure, unadulterated beauty could be. What I had seen last night was only a tease, not nearly as revealing as by daylight.

When we were sated, we hugged and kissed, and held each other, enjoying the after glow of our love.

"My lease is over in a little over a month," she teased me.

"Will you move in with me then?" I asked hopefully.

"Why wait?" she grinned. "I'll gladly pay for another month to get my larger deposit back afterward, and maybe I can move what I want in the meantime. Clothes and personal things so I can go to work from here." She was smiling at the look of disbelief in my eyes.

"That would be super, hon," I said, and kissed her as she squealed softly, happily.

"Yes it would. Why I made us wait is so grating on me. Our love has been so beautiful; much sweeter than I expected it would be, and way sexier too. Mercy, how my gut felt in wanting you last night, not to mention my pussy, then just a minute ago."

"You liked it, huh?"

"Mm, what's not to like. Though I had no idea what it would be like to love on your pussy, it nearly freaked me out how much I loved it. The way your pussy smelled nearly had me in heaven."

"Maybe I'll make it even better for you later on today," I said, my mind going like crazy.

"How?" she asked.

"By shaving my pussy. You'll love the way it feels to you, and what it does to me isn't bad either."

"Really?" I nodded. "Can I shave mine too?"

That had me worried. I loved the way the hair around her pussy looked, it's flame coloring as if inviting me to dine on the sexiest of pleasures. In my mind, it almost winked at me like a sultry siren teasing me.

"What?" she asked, seeing me wondering.

"Honey, I love the color of your hair on your pussy just as much as I do on your head," I sorrowfully let her in on my dilemma.

"Okay, so how about if I leave some for you? Would that work?"

My face lit up before I thought about it, but thinking, I loved the idea anyway.

"That would be great," I said.

"Good. When do we do it?"

"Can we wait until after coffee and some breakfast?"

"I'm not sure I can wait that long," my beautiful and suddenly horny Caryn said.

We had our coffee, then gulped our breakfast, and just as swiftly, we were in the bathroom. I demonstrated to Caryn how to shave her pussy. To say she was all eyes is a vast misnomer; her eyes were riveted on my pussy. She particularly enjoyed helping me by pressing the hot washcloth to my pussy when I told her to. My pussy enjoyed it too. How could it not?

Done with mine, I stood before her as she labored to breathe, then her hand went to my shorn pussy's lips. Caressing it, she let out a long moan, her eyes closing, and before I knew it, she was on her knees, her face going to my pussy. I groaned. The suddenness of Caryn moving to take my pussy in her mouth was instantaneously thrilling to me, my heart palpitating, and my pussy running to give her all of my love.

I leaned a hand against the wall, and as best I could, I lifted my opposite leg to give her better access. Caryn was loving my pussy, her tongue slithering in and out, up and down, relishing making me helpless as I gave everything up to her. As spontaneous as Caryn's loving of me was, how instantly she transported me, that quickly did I have my orgasm. It was so delicious, a treat unlike any I'd ever had.

"I can't believe how I love eating your pussy," she whispered dreamily, daring to take another lick to make sure she left nothing of my love's response.

"I'm glad you do, hon. First you killed me by staying away, and now you're killing me by taking me without notice. I loved the first, but I love this part of you more. God, I love you, my beautiful and sexy lover."

"I love us being lovers," she said, taking a last lick before getting up.

I couldn't help it, I took her face between my hands and kissed her hard. Gasping for breath, we looked at each other's eyes that were filled with a lust that had swelled in us again. However, we still had to quit and shave her pussy, and we did reluctantly. Yet, I wanted to do it in a rush to get at her treasure, to plunder it with my tongue.

Caryn started on hers, a bit nervously at first, but then more confidently after that. Putting baby oil on her pussy, followed by the hot washcloth, she groaned loudly, and licked her lips with her eyes closed.

"That felt so sexy I nearly had an orgasm," she said, still overly excited. The cloth must have been heated perfectly, not to mention my hands moving salaciously on her pussy.

The rest was somewhat slow, but easy, at least on Caryn. When it was finished, she looked at us in the full length mirror I had.

"I feel like a high class call girl," she said, her hand sneakily touching my pussy, feeling of its smoothness once more, and how wet it still was, too. "I think I like that you wanted me to leave that patch there. Think it's okay for you like that, or should I have taken more off?"

"Uh-uh, it's perfect. Come on, I'll show you." Her eyes said she was ready to be shown.

She was surprised when I had her move so she could sit on my face, but after that, it was the sexual thrill of a lifetime for her. For me, it was similar. The thrill of a lifetime, yes, but also a dream come true, for I loved the feel of her naked lips on my face, and how I didn't miss a drop of her love. I loved her until she crumbled off of me. She'd enjoyed it too much, jogged wildly on my face too often, her body not wanting to quit at all.

"That was so beautiful," she said after she'd finally caught her breath. "The feelings were so magnificent, so sensual and sexier than anyone could ever imagine."

"It is something, isn't it?"

"Yes—something else. When my body catches up with itself, you know I'll have to have you like that too, right?"

"If you wish, and yes, I hope you do wish, but if need be, I can wait. I've waited this long for you, hon."

"You have, haven't you? Only making love to you will keep me from being so sorry that I made you wait so long, and me too."

"It was worth it," I said emphatically.

"You know, when it all catches up with me, I'm going to be so angry at that damned church, and my parents too, I guess, but right now, I don't have time for anything but our love," she said, reaching over to kiss me.

When she was ready, she was more than anxious to have me sitting on her face. Only making love with the woman you love can make love better, and I was in love with Caryn so much that I knew my heart strained to contain it all. Still, I wasn't ready for how Caryn continued to eat my pussy as if she adored it, she was so loving in her lust and passion. When I fell over, I knew I'd been loved as I'd always dreamed of being loved.

"You were right," Caryn said. "Your lips felt much sweeter without any hair around them, and I loved taking all of you I could into my mouth. That was such a sexily naughty feeling. It's ridiculous to feel that way, I guess, but mercy, I loved it," she gushed happily.

"My pussy loved you loving it too," I said, and tried to smile.

After resting a bit, Caryn was restless. "Penny, can we go bring some of my clothes and things over here now?"

It was still early, so we went to her apartment three times and wound up bringing just about everything but furniture. She vowed to sell the furniture. After dinner, we sat cuddling, happy to be together, kissing every now and then, but content. At least for about an hour.

"You know I'll have to go see my parents sometime soon," she left it hanging there.

"If you wish," was all I said.

"When I do, I'd better go alone, and maybe plan to stay overnight if they don't throw me out. If they do, I'll be here quicker," she grinned slightly, but I could tell she was nervous.

"Whatever you think you should do, do it, but be careful and don't let anyone get to you, or make you feel too bad," was all I could say.

"I won't. Think we can go over some of what Liv said now?" she asked, seemingly anxious to continue learning.

We read some, talked about it, mostly reviewing things.

"I like how she phrased the timing of Ezra and the time of the Maccabees," she said.

"That was interesting. The Jews suddenly looking for a messiah was interesting too, though they'd never heard of it before. That was kind of shocking to me. And them wanting the God of their fathers that never was, the miracles that couldn't have happened, but they believed in it, and even more in those days of the Maccabees. It was really heroic the way they won. Thank goodness there were no tanks or airplanes back then."

Later, it was to bed, and more loving, but it was a quieter love we gave to each other, a more tender love.

Chapter 12

We both arrived home about the same time, Caryn out of her car as I pulled in with mine. We were careful outside, but inside, we tore our clothes off as fast as we could, and ate each other on the floor of the living room. Our love, passion, and lust had been turned loose in us. I wondered when we would taper off, if ever, that is.

"I've been thinking about you all day," she breathed heavily.

"Me too," I said, just as worn out by our sudden passion, or was it pure lustful desire to get at each other?

We made it through the rest of the day in a more reasonable fashion, and the rest of the week too. Caryn did some furniture selling until her apartment was just about empty, but she paid the last of her rent as if she was still there. She had her phone disconnected, but her number forwarded to my phone. I had her answer it if it rang.

We did make it to tell Sally and Ariel on Tuesday. When she heard it, Ariel let out one of her fabled quiet squeals of joy, and hugged Caryn for the longest time. My hug was respectfully long, but not as Caryn's was. It was fine with me, in fact I knew that's how Ariel would react. We had dinner with them that night.

* * * *

"The Jews just about weren't," Liv said to begin our class. "Before Ezra made it to Jerusalem, they might have disappeared. It wasn't the first time either. Circumstances were in their favor, things worked out for them as if they were meant to. But then there were the Seleucids, Antiochus IV Epiphanes in particular, who fired up their religious fervor. The Maccabees came to the forefront of their history, and the creation of the zealots, and with that, the Qumran community, maybe simultaneously, maybe not. Some thought that those in the Qumran community were peaceable Essenes, and there may have been such, but there were those who took the idea of a miraculous Messiah very serious. They wrote books, or scrolls, excoriating their enemies, and in code, talking about the righteous one and the messiah. Jesus wasn't the only Messiah though. A few others that claimed that distinction, and one even defeated the Romans in about 66 A.D. The Jews had fully bought into what all was written by the Daniel of their scriptures, as well as a miraculousness that would come to pass, and many thought soon.

"The main thing was that the Jews believed as never before that they were God's chosen people, and that clung to them like the smell of foot odor, and I don't say that meanly, just by way of saying that they were Jews now to the end. However, many of the Jews outside of Judea became much as the people they lived around, especially the Hellenist Jews. There were, at that time, many Jews among the gentiles. Greek was the common language everyone spoke, not the Latin of the Romans. There was a huge Jewish community in Alexandria, Egypt, and large Jewish communities in many of the large cities, including Rome, Syria, and, modern day Turkey, and of course, Babylon.

"Those Jews outside of Judea were to play a very important role in what was to happen. When Jesus died—he was apparently a historical person according to about three sources, including the Jewish historian, Josephus—his disciples tried to make others believe in him, or so the book of Acts tells us, but that book has its own problems with the truth too. What was probably true was that Jesus' brother, James, whom the Qumran community is believed to have called the Righteous One, was recognized as the head of the Jesus community in Jerusalem, and not Peter.

"Paul came later, that was for sure, but what to believe, other than that he also apparently was a historical person, we can't truly say. What we do know is that he came some years after Jesus died, and they say he was originally a persecutor of those Jews who believed in Jesus. One book says he was sent to bring heretics to Jerusalem under a letter of authority from the temple priests. Some scholars say that wasn't possible because under Roman law, to which they were subject, only the Roman authorities could issue warrants for arrest.

"However, Paul, it is written, had a revelation directly from Jesus, and thus he claimed apostolic authority, but it was as he said that he 'knew' Jesus to mean how things should be.

"How he 'knew' conflicts literally with James, and it is in the New Testament, whereby Paul says faith, through grace freely given by God, is the way to go, and not the keeping of the Law, versus the epistle of James saying one must keep the Law. How did that happen?

"We can only guess, but when taking how illiterate everyone was, and how the church was very slow in forming, they didn't have the time, I believe, to check every little thing. Things remained as they were through most of the 1800s, and thus we now have the two differing beliefs: grace or works. No matter, if they saw it, they ignored it, but there was nothing they could do at that late stage of things. That's just my opinion. People weren't supposed to read the bible, just take their word for what they were told it said.

"Paul also taught the resurrection of the dead, and Jesus coming to take up the living elect in a rapture that they might escape the tribulation that was to come. It's a funny thing though, to note that the Pharisees, of whom Paul claimed to be one, and the Sadducees, differed on the raising of the dead. As I said, this was a new idea from somewhere in the days of the Maccabees time said to have begun with the Pharisees.

"Jesus is said to have the same thoughts. How sure can we be that the words weren't put into Jesus' mouth, or if he really spoke them, none can say. Annie, please read in the gospel of Matthew, chapter 24, verses 21 and 22, Rachel, you see if NRSV agrees, okay?"

The both nodded, and Annie read, with Rachel agreeing.

"A tribulation, days shortened, and the 'elect'. Now read verses 34 and 36, then 40 and 41 please."

Making sure she had the verses right, Annie then read them, and Rachel agreed they were the same in her bible.

"So, this generation, Jesus' generation, will see these things happen, but no one knows exactly when, and then there will be two in the field, and two grinding, one of each will be taken away, and the other two left behind. Hmm, there's a 'me-too' book by that name, I believe," she said with mild sarcasm.

"Let's see what Paul says about it. Annie, a few books after the gospels, find 1 Corinthians, chapter 15, verses 12 and 13, and Rachel, keep us informed of any significant differences," Liv said.

Annie read, and Rachel again agreed with the reading.

"Some say there is no resurrection. Like the Sadducees and others, I guess. But, if there is no resurrection, then Jesus wasn't risen from the dead. Paul agrees, but says there was a resurrection, and more, he preaches it in other books.
