 Anne stared at her reflection in the full length mirror in Lucy's kinky bedroom (there were handcuffs, floggers, dildos and ropes scattered about it randomly) and could not quite believe what she looked like and that she was about to go out in public like this. On her feet were a really slutty pair of ridiculously high heeled shoes, moving up the only other item she had on the lower half of her body was a raggedy, faded denim mini skirt that was really cheap and nasty looking. So her long, pale legs were really exposed and to her dismay Anne realised that without too much movement you could see her freshly shorn crotch beneath the skirt, she really would have to be careful walking and sitting down in particular. She had plenty of skin on display on her top half too, wearing, as she was, a half T-shirt that came down to just below the underside of her breasts and displayed her entire, pale midriff. Which was bad enough but was made even worse by the single word printed on the white shirt, "SLUT". At the moment that word was intersected by the chain like leash which hung from the only other thing the blonde wore - a silver dog collar.

As slutty and outrageous as the normally demure, timid student looked in her outfit it was her haircut that seemed to really hold her attention. For all she could remember of the 19 years of life she had possessed long, blonde hair that reached down to her bum. But earlier that afternoon, Lucy Fer, her fellow student and now Dominatrix and Mistress had demanded to cut it off (just as she had demanded that Anne shave her crotch bald). And Anne had allowed it to happen, intoxicated by the feeling of helplessness and submission.

More than anything the short, pixie cut her hair was now in indicated to her she was a new woman, a different one to the one that existed just a few days ago, before she had first encountered Lucy, ironically enough at another college party (which was where they were headed to right now).

Suddenly the reflection changed as a pretty black face appeared over Anne's shoulder, grinning sadistically as she lifted the leash and gave it a hard tug towards the bedroom door.

"Come on bitch, we got places to be and people to see!"

Lucy loved the initial resistance from Anne then the submissive acceptance of her body as she allowed the other girl to lead her, by the leash, out of Lucy's flat and down the flight of stairs to the front door, Anne glancing around nervously as they went, scared shitless someone saw them. It was cute really, thought Lucy and tugged her out into the night through the large entrance door.

Outside, the cold air hit Anne, exposed as she was, but she had no time to deal with that as Lucy continued to grip the leash and pulled Anne after her, fighting all the way with staying upright on those impossible heels. Lucy opened the door of the taxi and pulled Anne in after her. The taxi driver was an Asian, Pakistani or Indian, somewhere on the sub-continent. Lucy barked the address to him and sat back in the back seat pulling Anne back with her. Then she reached her hand down and eased it between Anne's thighs and began to play with her whilst whispering in her ear.

"Are you my slave? Yes you are. And you'll do anything I tell you, won't you? Yes, you will. Now I want you to lean forward, act as snotty as you can and tell this Paki bastard to hurry it up, we're in a hurry, and use those exact words, call him that!"

Anne was aghast. She couldn't do that. Yet the fingers rubbing at her wet clit were working their magic and the thought of the large strap on inside Lucy's handbag worked Anne's mind further and despite her misgivings she found herself doing as instructed.

"Hey! You, Paki, can you get a move on, me and my friend are in a hurry!"

The driver, who was in his late forties turned in his seat and looked with scorn at this bossy blonde racist, under his glare Anne blushed furiously, but he turned back just tutting and kept on driving. Lucy snickered in her ear.

There was no noticeable increase in speed and the driver now seemed to be paying closer attention to what was going on in the back seat, especially as Lucy had removed her hand from between Anne's thighs and was now playing with her breasts under that tiny, obscenity laden top. Lucy saw him looking and whispered to Anne.

"Ask him what he's fucking looking at and call him a nosy Paki fucker."

With her tits being squeezed Anne forced the words out.

"What the fuck are you looking at you nosy Paki Fucker?!"

"You girls! You should be ashamed, you better not be making a mess of my seats back there!"

Lucy hissed her desired reply.

"Fuck off Paki, it stinks back here anyway, bet you've had all your family back here having curry on the way to your corner shop!"

The driver drew the glass partition shut hard and ignored them for the rest of the journey at that, whilst Lucy giggled and leaned into Anne and whispered.

"Guess what blondie? I am not fucking paying for this cab, you are. Aww, what's that baby girl, you don't have your purse well that's OK because you are going to pay with your mouth. When we pull up offer to pay him by sucking the old bastard off!"

Anne was shocked at this demand and stammered.

"B-But those things I said, Jesus, he hates me, I ..."

"I know, great , eh?"

So Anne fought back the urge to cry while Lucy laughed, both at her slave's expression and the fact that Samir, the driver, was an old friend of hers that she had worked this scheme with several times before with a succession of dumb fucking bimbos, all of the being made to racially abuse him before getting down on their fucking knees and taking his cock and his cum, he loved the looks in their faces as they crumbled and this sappy bitch Lucy had this time looked about ready to break before they even got to it. Brilliant!

Anne was near hyperventilating in the back as she stewed on this. She looked at Lucy and tried to plead wordlessly, afraid to beg her having displeased her earlier that day like that. All Lucy did was take out her mobile phone and watch the film she had made of Anne earlier.

"Hi Daddy, it's..."

That seemed to steel Anne and she put her hand on the phone and froze that humiliating message she had made.

"I'll do it."

And she did, after a horrible few minutes of trying to explain to the now very severe and intractable driver how she wanted to pay for their fare, and begging and pleading and reducing herself even further Anne found herself on her knees in a dark alley with the old man's brown cock being slapped about her face. Lucy was at the end of the alley half watching and half keeping an eye out for anyone coming.

Needless to say this was not how Anne had envisaged this evening going. When she had left the flat she had been expecting more public humiliation at the hands of her Mistress Lucy then finally, at last, being taken by her black Mistress and that strap on dildo. Maybe then, having scratched her itch, so to speak, she would be able to try and extricate herself from this twisted fantasy she was living. Meanwhile, Samir was playing his role of aggrieved immigrant driver to perfection.

"Not so fucking happy now are you girlie? Not so quick to be racist, eh? That's it you white bitch, take it all."

Having got himself hard by slapping his dick on Anne's face and lips he plunged it into her mouth and began a short, hard face fuck whereby he pounded in and out of the blonde's mouth rapidly, roughly and with his hairy balls slapping noisily on her chin before he groaned and within a couple of minutes came in her mouth. Anne tried to get clear, to get her lips off him but still ended up swallowing a load and getting the rest as frosting on her lips and dripping onto her chin and onto the cut off T-shirt.  

He squeezed the last of his jizz onto Anne's face before zipping up and walking off, leaving her on her knees. Passing Lucy Samir hissed.

"You want a lift home then let me know, I could really get off pissing on that bitch too."

"Hmm. We'll see now, fuck off you dirty old man."

He did, revving his engine as he left. Lucy walked into the alley and ordered Anne to her feet, then inspected the cum stains on her face and on the shirt.

"Leave them, you should have swallowed it all then you wouldn't have to walk into this party with cum all over you, won't you?"

Lucy grabbed the leash and walked purposefully from the alley and, with Anne tottering behind on her high heels, marched along the street and straight into the house hosting this giant student party. The whole thing assailed Anne's senses immediately, the noise, the chatter, the music, the smoke and smell of alcohol and pot. A lot of people turned to view the newcomers, many staring at Lucy's imposing form as she entered trailed by a white girl on a leash. This wasn't so shocking to many of the partygoers as Lucy was renowned for some of the more outrageous sexual stuff she would get up to at these parties, indeed some had seen her spank Anne at the previous party and were very interested in what they would get up to at this one.

Not that Anne was aware of this, all she knew was that she was being led into this throng of fellow students on a leash like some kind of dog, looking like a slut, wearing a shirt proclaiming her to be a slut and with cum drying on her face and shirt. At that point she was grateful for the change in hair style Lucy had given her as it might make her less easy to recognise. Still though, it was pretty humiliating to be displayed like this and paraded about like she belonged to Lucy (though wasn't that the case, she thought, and wasn't that the kinkiest thing). Also arousing her were the looks she was receiving from the other party revellers. From the girls there were looks of pity, disgust, disdain and outright hatred, while the men looked at Anne like she was a piece of meat or a whore, or both.

Their entrance over the party went back to normal and Lucy grabbed a chair and sat down to view the crowd with open scorn and despatched Anne to go and get her a drink, removing the leash as she sent her on her way.

Anne moved through the throng timidly. Even if she wasn't so self-conscious about her current appearance she was never very comfortable at parties or in big groups of people like this. Of course the high heels hardly helped her progress and she also found herself conscious that whenever she brushed her top against something there was the chance that her half shirt moved up and a bit more of the underside of her boobs was exposed. She tried not to look at the way others were looking at her but that was dumb too as she needed to see where she was going and it was hard to miss the various looks on their faces. She made it to the makeshift bar on the far side off the large living room and eventually a girl came over and took her order for two drinks, she was a little older had long dark hair and looked concerned as she spoke to Anne.

"Are you her latest bitch?"

"Eh? What?"

"Her over there, Queen of The Hood. Saw her leading you in like her pet."

"I, um, well."

"You want to watch her girl, this girl in my class got involved with her last year, she got paraded round like a show pony, humiliated by that nigger and then..."

But Anne never got to hear the rest, a group of lads had arrived at the bar and being drunk and unruly ended up nearly tipping the table over and the girl had to hurry away to keep various drinks upright. Anne waited a moment but realised she wouldn't be back quickly and a quick glance back at Mistress Lucy indicated she was getting impatient. Not willing to incur any further wrath Anne picked up the drinks and slalomed her way through the throng again, anyway maybe she didn't really want to hear what the girl had been about to say...

The journey back was even more awkward, especially as a guy decided to grope Anne as she went past, first coping a good feel of her bum as she wiggled past then openly reaching up under her shirt and squeezing her right tit. Holding both drinks she could do little but turn and glare at him but he just smirked and pointed at the word emblazoned on her chest. Dress like a slut, get treated like one, she thought and moved on eager to get back to her Mistress. Not that Lucy was pleased with her when she arrived.

"Took your fucking time didn't you slave? I saw you flirting with that guy, maybe I should go and ask him if he wants to fuck you? I could charge him ten bucks maybe."

That prospect horrified Anne and it must have shown as Lucy smirked at her.

"Or maybe not slut, anyway sit down here at my side and have a drink while I have mine."

The blonde knelt submissively at her Mistresses side and they had their drink. Then Lucy took out a cigarette from her bag, lit it up and contemplated things for a while before barking.

"Bitch round here, in front of me, now open that whore mouth of yours."

Anne did as she was told only for Lucy to extend her cigarette and flick her ash into Anne's mouth and onto her tongue.

"From now on slave, when I say the word ashtray you get in front of me and open up, understand? And when I say the ford footstool you get on all fours in front of me so I can put my feet up."

Anne took her time but eventually nodded and agreed, just another step down this humiliating road leading to ... Where exactly? What was the end game here she wondered. What was that girl at the bar (who Anne couldn't see now) going to say? All these questions and more flew through the blonde's head but ultimately the prevailing thought at the moment was: When was Mistress Lucy going to use that big, strap on cock on her? Because right then Anne needed a good hard fucking something desperately. Lucy seemingly knew this too because she was putting it off as long as she could, enjoying the variety of stares and glares she got at using Anne like this publicly, trying to determine which of the people who were watching would want to trade places with Anne (and from experience there would be plenty, both female and male) but Lucy was aroused too and wanted to get fucking Anne sooner rather than later as well, so it was that less than an hour after arriving at the party Lucy fixed the leash to Anne's collar again and got her up then led her upstairs to one of the designated 'make out rooms'.

They went upstairs, Lucy using the leash to pull Anne behind her. They attracted a variety of glances and mutters on their way but Lucy didn't care and Anne was slowly developing a similar attitude. The first door they came to had a baseball cap on the handle and Lucy drew Anne's attention to it. 

"You see that, means that someone's in there, having a good time, and they don't want to be disturbed."

With that Lucy opened the door and she and Anne peered in to watch as a petite Japanese girl on her knees energetically sucking off a well put together jock. They watched for a moment until the Jap noticed and, with pre cum trails hanging to her mouth she shouted at them to get out and close the door.

"See slave, that is what happens when you don't let others know that you're not to be disturbed. And you know what slave? I'm not going to put anything on our door."

As Anne processed this Lucy opened the next door and they were in an unoccupied bedroom. 

"I mean I guess I could have hung that collar and leash on the door handle, but no, I think I'll have you leave that on, I can use that. Now you get the rest of your clothes off and position yourself on the bed for the hardest doggy style fuck you ever have or ever will get."

Whatever misgiving Anne had were overridden by the innate desire to be on the end of Lucy's strap on, to experience what that was like, the fact that people might burst in on them unsuspectingly just added to the sexual thrill. So, Anne peeled off her tiny top and skirt and heels and she crawled up onto the bed and waited, listening to the noises Lucy made as she attached and adjusted her harness. She couldn't resist peering round and what a sight she saw, the black girl stood there dominantly with the large black plastic dick jutting ominously from her crotch. It looked like it belonged there and Anne gave a shiver of anticipation as Lucy approached.

She got up onto the bed behind Anne and reached forward between her legs and fingered her slave's pussy, her fingers coming away dripping wet.

"You're fucking soaking bitch, you want this don't you, you want this so badly!"

Anne bit her lip and moaned at the intrusive touch then let out a near scream as Lucy shuffled forward and rammed her hard, plastic cock home before starting a punishing rhythm that had the slim blonde squealing in pleasure. As they rutted on the bed the door opened and an amorous couple stumbled in, Anne saw them but was too far gone to moderate what she was doing and Lucy flat out did not care. The male and female teenagers quickly saw what was happening and stood agog at the sight as Lucy ploughed in and out of Anne vigorously until Anne cried out she was cumming and came noisily. She slumped on the bed and eventually looked up at the interlopers shamefacedly as they giggled and slowly backed out of the room. 

Not before Lucy plucked her dick from Anne's pussy and spat down onto her ass crack and snarled.

"Got that dick nice and slick bitch? Better hope so because it's going in your ass next!"

It may have been said loud enough so the couple would not mistake what was said but Lucy meant every word and slowly pushed the plastic cock into Anne's tight, virgin asshole inch by inch, filling her up and making her gasp with every bit of it. She had never taken anything in her ass before so this was both shocking and sore but not a totally unpleasant sensation. Lucy stretched forward and grabbed the leash and pulled back on it as she really started ass fucking Anne and that was their positions when a small group of guys burst in the door laughing and joking, having heard what was going on up here and wanting to see for themselves.

Lucy ignored their presence but Anne found herself straining her head around to look at them. There were four or five of them and all looked to be boys, Anne burned with shame at being observed like this whilst Lucy was clearly playing up to her audience, slapping Anne's arse with her hand and calling out all kinds of stuff.

"You like that in your white ass bitch?"

"Like your nigger mistress butt fucking you, don't you slut?"

Anne looked at the door and saw others come for a peek at what was going on, there were females now as well and that humiliated her further. But that humiliation was arousing and despite only just cumming she was feeling excited again. And then things went up a notch as Lucy pulled the plastic cock from Anne's arsehole and jerked on the leash and commanded Anne to her knees beside the bed. Smirking down at her Lucy presented the strap on, fresh from her own ass, to Anne's lips.

"Finish it off bitch, get it nice and clean!"

Anne was acutely aware of the audience and the fact some even had their phones out recording this but a mere glance up at Lucy's stern expression told her that there was no refusal here and she moved forward and took the plastic cock into her mouth and began sucking it like it was a real one. She heard the expressions of amazement and disgust.

"Eeeeew!"

"Whata nasty skank!"

"Fuck sake man! Ass to mouth! Ass to mouth!"

The taste, the smell, the feeling of revulsion overcame her and she gagged on it but Lucy showed no mercy and just grabbed the leash and held Anne's head in place tightly with it and continued to fuck her mouth hard. Despite all this Anne knew she had crossed some invisible line here tonight and she could never go back to her old, dull, boring life, she was now tethered to her role as Mistress Lucy's bitch for as long as the black girl wanted her. It was an intoxicating thought for the blonde.
