 I watched you scan the room full of wealthy, arrogant people looking for an out of the boring conversation you were currently trapped in . A fund raising dinner for the current mayor of our small southern town, had brought out the elite of Savannah's high society.

Doctor's, lawyers, politicians and business men and women made up the crowd, most of them coming from old money and had been grand fathered in to this club of very eccentric people.

All of us doing the same thing, showing off all our money and power.

As I stood against the far wall of the ballroom of the enormous twelve room mansion, I sipped my vodka tonic and watched you. 

Taking you in from head to toe, the black Donna Karan cocktail dress you wore clung blatantly to your perfect body. You were the epitome of quiet sexuality, usually you were all business when it came to a function like this.

You did an amazing job, hiding what I knew was lurking quietly underneath the well made up facade.

I wondered if the two men you were talking to, could even contemplate the intensity that I knew lurked behind those intense green eyes . 

I wondered if they had any idea how many times we had done this .

This was my favorite part, standing quietly and just simply watching you.

Waiting.

For just the right moment.

Taking in the way you moved, the flow of your body. 

The subtle way your perfect breasts moved underneath the soft silk, or the way it flowed with your body accentuating every delicious curve of you.

Hearing that sexy, throaty laugh, enjoying that smile that would occasionally grace those amazing lips.

God, those lips.

Those damn lips.

The things they had said to me since we began this six months ago.

The things they could do to me, the way they could control my body.

Instantly I wanted you, immediately I had to have you.

I wanted to make you moan for me, gasp in pleasure for me, I wanted your body to tremble and shudder as you come for me .

I didn't care not one bit, that we in a room full of people and were supposed to conduct ourselves properly.

Didn't care that any minute, we would sit down to an amazing catered dinner.

I had to have you and that was all that mattered.

This was not the first time we had done this, nor would it be the last .

We had brought this out in each other, and fed the urge every chance we got.

The challenging, cocky but oh so sexy grin you gave me as you turned slightly and made eye contact with me, told me you knew exactly what I was thinking.

My entire body went flush as you said a polite excuse me and began to walk toward me, you were absolutely stunning with your shoulder length brunette hair pulled back with just a few stray strands here and there, framing your now challenging green eyes . 

You didn't stop, just walked right past me leaving a wake of the intoxicating scent that covered your body . 

I watched as you walked out of the ballroom, and headed down the main foyer that led to the library at the end of the hall.

I waited a few seconds and followed, out of the about one hundred and fifty guests, no one would notice the two of us slipping quietly away .

I found you in the small, dimly lit library leaning against the oak desk in the middle of the room.

Waiting.

Closing the door, I locked it .

Wouldn't want to be interrupted now would we.

"You look like you have something on you mind? " Rachael teased as I walked slowly toward her.

"Not anymore . " I said confidently as I stepped to her, melting into those amazing lips.

Our hands immediately began to roam, as our tongues dueled for domination.

Breathlessly I broke the kiss, with a grumble of disappointment from Rachael.

Her hands still pulling at the white linen suit I wore, as urgent in her need as I was . 

Putting my hands on her hips, I pushed her back against the desk . 

"spread your legs for me baby ." I whispered against her ear as I sucked softly at the lobe.

Rachael did as I asked as I kissed and sucked at her neck, pulling low moans from her as my hands moved over her breasts.

Teasing the already hard nipples with my fingertips, making them even harder it seemed.

"mmmmm......Jordan....." She moaned tilting her head back.

My hands drifted lower, sliding the dress up her thighs. 

Rachael's body began to move against mine needing more contact, leaning in I captured those lips in a deep kiss as I slipped my hands inside the thin material of the black thong she wore.

Rachael pulled back with a gasp from my demanding lips, as my index finger slid into the bare wetness I found there. 

Back and forth slowly, I stroked over her swollen clit, her hips grinding slowly against my hand as I pulled away from her without moving my hand .

I watched as her breathing became more labored and deeper, listened to the sounds she made as I stroked back and forth making her wetter and wetter for me . 

"More ...... ' she whispered . 

That was all the encouragement I needed, removing my hand I stepped back dropping to my knees in front of her.

Sliding my hands slowly up her toned thighs, I grasped the thong and slid it to the floor.

As Rachael stepped out of them, I slipped them into my inside pocket of the jacket I still wore.

With one hand I held the dress up, my other hand stroked back and forth as my finger began teasing her clit again.

"Mmmmm...oh .." She moaned .

Rachael's hand wound it's way into my long blonde hair, pulling me closer to what she really wanted.

"yeah baby." She growled as my fingers spread her open and I slid my my tongue slowly from her dripping opening to her pulsing clit.

Grabbing the desk to balance herself, Rachael began to move more aggressively against my lips and tongue.

"Oh yeah....that's it . " 

I took that small bundle of nerves controlling her body into my mouth, sucking on it as I stroked back and forth with my tongue.

Controlling her body with every stroke, spurred on by her moans and gasps of pleasure. 

Back and forth her hips moved against my face, her gasps quicker now, her moans a little louder as I continued my assault on her throbbing clit.

There was nothing that I could think of that was sexier, than looking up at a woman writhing in pleasure, with her head thrown back completely giving herself to th moment.

As I slid two fingers deep into her, she cried out loud enough that I was sure someone would hear her . 

"Oh my god!" she panted as I began to thrust in and out slowly and not stopping my continuous torture of her clit. 

In and out I pumped as I nibbled and sucked at her clit, as Rachael looked down at me.

Those intense green eyes were unmistakable, she was so very close.

Reluctantly letting go of her clit, I stood up .

"Mmmmmnoooooo." She complained " I'm so close ."

With my free hand at the back of her neck I pulled her closer our lips just inches apart, I knew that her taste on my lips was as much of a turn on for her as it was for me.

"I know, but you have to be quiet ." I whispered as I began to tease those full lips into a searing kiss as I curled my fingers slightly.

Those moans became louder and her hips moved more urgently as I pumped faster and deeper into her, hitting just that right spot as my palm bumped against her clit.

Her entire body began to shake as her orgasm neared, the kiss becoming more intense.

Pulling away from my lips, she buried her head in the nape of my neck as she came, stiffling the scream she so desperately wanted to release.

I waited for her trembling body to calm down before I pulled my hand away, and put her dress down and held her shaking against me.

Rachael pulled me into a soft slow kiss.

"Mmmmmm thank you ." She sighed.

"it was my pleasure." 

With a quick check of our clothes and appearance, we headed for the door.

"You hungry?" She asked 

"Starved, I hope we didn't miss dinner. "