 Kelly Carter was the newest disc jockey at WKPAC in Los Angeles. Everyone loved her, especially the guys. Who could blame them? Kelly was gorgeous. She was about 5'8', Tanned all over, blonde hair, a fit looking body, ample C cup breasts, an a killer tight ass! Kelly knew she was hot, and she flaunted it as much as she could. She worked the night shift at the station, six to twelve every night. Guys would call in all the time and flirt with her, if they sounded hot enough she would flirt back. One night though she got a flirt call, from a woman!

"Good evening, WKPAC. What can I play for you?"

"Hello sexy."

"Uh, hello, who is this?"

"Is this that fine piece of ass Kelly?"

"Um maybe, who's this?"

"My name is Leah, and I want to rock your world!"

Kelly hung up the phone. Luckily, the call was taken while there was a disc playing on the radio. Kelly thought out loud:

"Oh my God, a dyke hit on me!"

Kelly had a good laugh about that.

The next night was pretty dull until about 10 o' clock when she got another phone call from her "new fan."

"Good evening WKPAC. How may I help you?"

"You could help get me of baby."

"What?"

"Its me, Leah."

"Oh, its you. Look I...."

"So what are you wearing beautiful? Those tight short shorts and even tighter white t-shirt?"

Kelly was bored, and decided to have just a little fun with her "special caller."

"Uh no, I'm wearing a halter top."

"Bet you aren't wearing any underwear, right?"

"Mmmmmm you guessed it."

"You're such a tease. Guess what I'm doing right now?"

"What?"

"Fingering myself, pretending that its your fingers instead of mine."

"You're kidding right?"

"Oh no. Oh Kelly your hands feel so good! oh yes! Yes! oh God! Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, I feel it yes! I'm cumming for you Kelly! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Kelly could hardly believe that this girl on the other line was cumming.

"Oh Kelly I wish you were really here. I want to fuck you so bad."

"Ok, who put you up to this? Was it Gary? No, it was Bruce wasn't it?"

"What? No one put me up to this, I just wanted to brighten p your day."

With that, Leah hung up the phone.

Several days past, and Leah hadn't called the radio station. Then Kelly's birthday came. She walked into the radio station when the afternoon jockey, Bruce, waved her over.

"Hey Kel, you got some roses."

"From who?"

"Don't know, I'm not nosy."

"Probably from some guy."

"Kelly opened the note and her jaw dropped when she read it:

Dear Kelly,

Happy Birthday baby! Tonight I will give you a special show."

Love, Leah.

"So who is it from?"

"Uh, what?"

The roses."

"Oh, from an old boyfriend of mine."

The entire night, Kelly was left wondering what the letter meant but around ten o' clock she wouldn't have to wonder anymore. The phone started ringing.

"Good Evening. WKPAC."

"Look out the window."

"Kelly looked out the window facing here red Corvette and was shocked b what she saw: a nude woman sitting on the hood.

"Its me, Leah! Did you miss me?'

Kelly was flabbergasted the woman on the car was Leah. She was so beautiful. Long brown hair she was tanned, and she had big titties. Kelly didn't know what she was thinking, checking this girl out like she was. She wondered where security was, but remembered that he was fired yesterday, and the station manager told everyone they were on their own for a while

"What are out doing on my car?"

"Just having a little fun."

Leah got off of the hood of Kelly's car an opened the driver's side door an got in.

"Your car smells so good. Did you get the roses and the card?"

"Yes, what are you doing in my car?"

"Mmmmmmm! Right now I've got my fingers deep in my pussy of you honey."

Kelly watched in amazement as Leah got herself off in her car. She didn't understand why, but she was getting so turned on! Leah was moaning louder an louder screaming Kelly's name out in ecstasy. She finally came. When she came down from her orgasm, Leah tuned off her cell phone, got out of Kelly's car and walked off. Kelly was so turned on. She had a million things running through her mind. When she left the station to go home, hanging on her steering wheel was a pair of cum soaked panties. Hanging off of the mirror was a bra. She found a note from Leah requesting she wear them Saturday night. That night she had a dream. Her and Leah were having sex! She had her head buried in Leah's pussy, and Leah had her head buried in her pussy. She had the same dream over and over and over that night. She woke up when the alarm clock went off. She remembered all about the dream she had last night. She looked down and felt her panties. They were full of cum. She had came all night last night! Saturday night came and she had to work. Luckily all she had to do was practically baby-sit the radio station, because on Saturday nights, the station switched to a syndicated radio show from New York. The phone started ringing.

"Hello WKPAC."

"Hello sexy it's Leah."

"Uh, hi."

"You been thinking about me? I've been thinking a lot about you."

"Uh, some."

"I'm outside. How about you let me in?"

"I can't. I'll get fired!"

"But you want to, don't you?"

"I don't know I...."

"Pleassssssssssse."

Kelly ran t the door and let Leah in. Leah was wearing a raincoat.

"Why are you wearing a raincoat? Its not raining."

Leah didn't say a word. Instead she took Kelly's head and led her back to the control room, ad pushed her down in her seat.

"Leah I-"

"Shhhhhhhh. Just sit back and enjoy baby."

Leah removed her raincoat. Not surprisingly, she was nude. She was dancing around Kelly making Kelly so wet in the process.

"Let's see if you wore what I asked of you baby."

Leah helped Kelly to her feet. She started removing her clothes. Sure enough, she was wearing the bra and panties that were given to her.

"What a naughty girl, is that my cum or your cum in those panties?"

"Both."

Leah kissed Kelly. Jelly eagerly accepted Leah's tongue into her mouth. Leah removed Kelly's bra for her a started sucking on her titties.

"Oh Leah, Leah!!"

Leah started nibbling on her titties. Kelly was moaning lover and louder.

"Let me get you out of my wet panties baby."

Leah got her panties off of Kelly and spread her legs for her. Leah licked the inside of Kelly's thighs slowly. She eyed her prize: Kelly's sweet pussy. It was soak and wet. Without warning, she rammed her tongue up Kelly's snatch. She started ramming her tongue in and out, in and out, in and out of Kelly's pussy. Kelly couldn't control her moans, she didn't want to either. Soon Leah ha her tongue wrapped around her new lovers clit tugging on it. Soon, Kelly exploded in orgasm. She came all over Leah. Leah licked up as much cum as she could. She crawled up to Kelly's face, and kissed her with her cum soaked lips.

"Wow I taste good don't I?"

"You should try me."

"Can I?"

Leah laid down on the floor and spread her legs.

"Help yourself, baby."

Kelly got down n the floor and stared at Leah mound for a few seconds. She never ate another woman's pussy before, she wasn't sure what to do. She leaned down and French kissed Leah's pussy. Leah moaned. Kelly loved the taste of Leah's pussy. She started to lick her pussy harder and faster. The faster Kelly licked, the louder Leah got.

"Oh baby! Oh baby! You are such a pro! YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!"

Leah's pussy was like a drug, Kelly wanted more! She was so addicted to Leah's twat it was unbelievable. Soon Leah came all over Kelly. Kelly was covered in cum.

"Its not over yet Kelly."

Leah walked over to her raincoat and pulled out a strapon dildo about six inches long.

"What are you going to do with that?"

"Fuck you with it."

Leah lubed up her "dick."

"Hop on baby."

Kelly rode her lover's strapon like she had never rode a dick before. T be honest, Leah's strapon felt better than any real dick she had ever felt. Soon she came and orgasmed. The girls left the radio station around midnight. They went to Leah's apartment where they continued their torrid lovemaking until the late morning hours. Kelly just had one question for Leah:

"Does this make me a lesbian?"

"It makes you mine and me yours baby."

"You are the best I have ever had I love you Leah."

"I love you too Kelly."

The End.

Comments are welcome.