 Hello lovely Lit readers. Please read Chapter 1 (Group Sex) for the background to this story.



My thanks goes to Gary for doing some amazing editing on the following work. This story was initially conceived because of a suggestion he made, so Gary, thanks for encouraging me to continue.

Late Friday afternoon Maxine and Barb walked into the foyer of the Langham hotel carrying discrete parcels from a local lingerie store. Maxine was unaware of the appreciative looks from the hotel guests and staff. 

Barb had orchestrated their afternoon out with a focus on indulgence and pleasure. She took them to a quiet wine bar for lunch and drinks, they had manicures and foot massages at a salon and ended up at an adult lingerie store. 

To Maxine, the store was a revelation. Her senses were overwhelmed by the array of 'lifestyle' products and lingerie on display. Most of the garments appeared to be sheer with pieces of lace and ribbon holding it all together. Maxine had been reluctant at first but after trying on a sheer pink negligee she changed her mind. The lingerie was not what she'd have worn in her other life and for that reason she bought three pieces. 

Maxine knew how John would react when he saw what she'd bought. The changes she'd made to herself had inadvertently revived his interest in her. Their long marriage, while satisfying and comfortable, had lacked a fire in the past few years. John had been ardent in his lovemaking recently and Maxine was discovering a side of him she'd not known before. He loved her wearing high heels, particularly while they fucked and encouraged her to wear tight revealing clothing. 

He bought her skirts that were so short she dared not sit down and tops so revealing it showed more skin than it covered up. He bought her high heels that made her look and feel sexy. He'd even broached the subject of them getting some toys to play with. Maxine hadn't really been keen but today with some prompting from Barb and the very helpful woman at the store; she'd bought her first vibrator. 

"Barb what time are Tony and John due back from golf?" She asked.

"I don't know but they'll be back for dinner." Barb replied.

"Welcome Ladies. Would you like those taken to your room?" asked Bertrand the Concierge, reaching for Maxine's delicately wrapped parcels.

Maxine paled, holding them closer to her body. Barb grinned at her reaction. 

"Thank you Bertrand," purred Barb, "we can manage. We've got some, ah, items we'd like to keep private, if you know what I mean."

Maxine cringed. Bertrand was looking them over with a suggestive eye. And why wouldn't he? Barb's black dress screamed sex. It was tight over her ripe round hips, low cut so her breasts, overflowing in a purple lace bra were on display, the hem about 3 inches above her knee. Her red heels were high and she swayed as she walked, rolling her hips and ass, making every man in the place wish he were inside her. 

Maxine was just as sexy, though her confidence wasn't as obvious. Her tight skirt, sitting under her firm ass finished just below her thigh exposing the length of her toned long legs. She wore a fitted low cut singlet that stretched over her breasts, her bra pushing them up so the creamy mounds looked as though they may spill out at any moment. Her high heels had a strap across the ankle. Barb called them 'hooker' shoes and had been impressed that Maxine bought them.

"Of course Madam. Let me know if there's anything I can do to assist you and your guests during your stay with us." He said silkily, his eyes sliding up and down Barb's body.

Barb trailed her finger down the gold buttons on his coat. "You'll be the first one I call Bertrand, don't you worry about that."

Maxine was red with embarrassment. How her wonderful friend could be so flirty was beyond her. Barb was like this with everyone she met, highly sexual and very familiar. No one escaped without knowing exactly who she was or what she wanted. 

In the elevator Maxine studied their reflections in the mirrored glass. Barb was grinning, probably day dreaming of fucking Bertrand and Maxine still had a light blush across her cheeks, her parcels clutched awkwardly in her arms. The lift doors opened and the women walked down the wide hallway, their footsteps muffled by the plush carpet. As Maxine headed to her room she stopped as Barb grabbed her arm.

"Maxi come next door darling? I want to see the sexy outfits you bought before the boys come back from golf."

Maxine felt her heart race at the mention of their husbands. She wondered if they would get together for another night of swapping. If she weren't such a coward she'd suggest it herself. The first time they were together Maxine had stunned everyone by asking if she could lick Barb's pussy. To be fair though Barb's pussy lips were swollen and wet with her juices and John's cum. It looked delicious. She'd been enthralled by its soft silky appearance. Her own pussy was covered with neatly trimmed pubic hair but Barb waxed, or shaved. It was all Maxine could think about now.

"You mean we show each other our lingerie?" Maxine asked disbelievingly.

Barb leaned in close to Maxine and kissed her on the lips. Maxine's mouth parted and Barb nipped her bottom lip. Maxine sighed as her nipples tingled, her belly clenched tightly and her pussy opened up. Just one sultry kiss from Barb and she was turned on! 

"Oh my darling, darling Maxine, you're too sweet for words! Maybe we can get ourselves warmed up for Tony and John? Hmm, what'd ya say?"

All Maxine could do was look at her friend and nod. Barb smiled generously at her and opened the door to her room. Barb and Tony had a corner suite with views out over the harbour and city. Maxine dropped her bag on the sofa and took off her killer shoes. Barb took her bag into the bedroom and came out offering Maxine a drink. 

"So darling what'll you have? I thought a Sauvignon Blanc? There's a one here that's chilled."

Maxine nodded. "Sure that sounds great."

Barb handed her the glass and they sat down together on the sofa overlooking the stunning harbour. Barb clinked her glass against Maxine's.

"To my darling Max. Emerging as a sexy butterfly under my very eyes."

Maxine blushed. "And to you Barb. My dearest friend who bought the biggest dildo I've ever seen!"

Barb roared with laughter, draping her arm over the back of the sofa, her fingers brushing at Maxine's shoulder. "Oh Maxine you're such a newbie aren't you dear? How many dildos have you seen?"

Maxine felt a surge go through her as Barb's finger slipped under the strap of her singlet, the small strokes sending goose bumps to her nipples.

She shook her head. "Well...um...none. Not for real anyway. I've seen them online but—"

Barb was now chuckling at Maxine's naiveté. "I thought so! The one I bought today is certainly not the biggest I have. No, this one's just generous and pleasurable I'm sure. I love to have a dildo in my pussy when I'm cumming Maxi darling. Unless of course there's a real cock to do the job."

Maxine could see Barb watching her, to gauge her reaction. True to form Maxine blushed then took another drink of her wine, stalling, not sure where the conversation should go. 

"I'm teasing darling, come on! Let's go in the bedroom and try on some things? See what looks the best." Barb said, already half way to the bedroom.

Maxine swallowed hard; two of the outfits she'd bought had very revealing underwear and while Barb had already seen her naked somehow it seemed more risqué to be seen half dressed. 

The bedroom wasn't anything less than you'd expect from a plush hotel. The bed was wide and high with excellent quality linen, masses of large European style pillows and subtle lighting from the lamps on the nightstands. This room looked over the harbour too but Barb had pulled the sheer coverings over the stark sunlit windows and the softer light made Maxine feel a little less exposed.

"So darling, come on. Show me what you got." Barb was reclining on the bed.

Maxine put down her glass and took the vibrator out first. "This you know about."

The vibrator had a black rubber shaft and a small gold handle with three buttons for operating the speed and turning it off and on. It was about 7 inches long with about 4 inches of useable shaft with pleasure ridges and a realistic looking cock head. 

Barb smiled wickedly. "Yum! And it's your first one too. I can't believe you've never owned a vibe before darling. I got my first when I was 18."

Maxine shook her head. "Show off! I like to take things a little slower." She was grinning at Barb's teasing. Yes, she was slow to get into a more interesting sex life but she was here now and she was willing to learn.

"Says the woman who came while my husband's cock was buried in her pussy!" Guffawed Barb. 

Maxine tried her best to hide her blush this time but she could feel the heat merging inside her, making her a little breathless. Yes, Tony's cock. She'd downplayed the importance of it to John but Tony really did make her cum hard. Her pussy twitched as she thought about it and she wished for a second that John was here.

From the bag she took a tissue wrapped package and unwrapped it carefully. Barb hadn't seen these purchases as she'd been too busy choosing her own. Maxine held up a baby blue chemise with spaghetti straps and a sheer white lace bra top. There was matching white lace around the bottom with garters attached. Barb raised her eyebrows in appreciation. 

"Ooh baby that looks nice. It looks tight too, is it? Round your hips and ass? Very tasty! Did you get the stockings and panties too?"

Maxine nodded and showed her the sheer white stockings with the lace tops and the matching baby blue g-string. 

"Put it on for me darling. Let me see you in it." Urged Barb.

Maxine shook her head. "Uh uh, not until I've seen what you bought. Come on, fairs fair."

Barb rolled her eyes. "Spoil sport! Ok, well here's the dildo you saw. Go on have a feel." 

Barb tossed it across the bed to Maxine who fumbled it as it bounced on the bedding. Maxine gingerly picked up the pink cock, surprised by how smooth and soft it felt. Though stiff, there was some flexibility in the shaft. She held it by the ribbed handle and managed to barely wrap her fingers around its rubbery girth. The shaft was at least 9 inches long and the bulbous head was shaped just like a real cock but with an excess of ridges up and down the length of it. 

"What do you think Maxi? Would you like to try it?"

Maxine bit her lip and imagined this monster inside her. She felt intimidated by it's size and by it's obviousness, she slowly shook her head. 

"I'm not sure. It's kinda ugly looking and huge."

Barb chuckled. "That's all right my darling your wee vibe is a good start. I'm sure I can get you up to having your sweet pussy filled with this baby one day."

Maxine looked doubtful. 'Never say never' was her new motto because if you'd asked her a month ago if she would ever fuck Tony doggie style while she watched her best friend cum on her husband's cock, she'd have fainted. But this was a different story all together. It wasn't likely she'd ever be up for having a massive faux cock in her pussy.

"What else is there?"

Barb grinned lasciviously. "Well darling as you know I'm not a virgin about these things and I own a lot of delicious lingerie so there was no need for me to buy anything else. That is, until I saw this! I just had to have it."

Barb took out a sheer red lace off-the-shoulder dress with long sleeves. The outfit looked like it was three sizes too small for her voluptuous friend. Barb saw Maxine looking doubtful. 

"It fits! I'll put it on and show you."

Maxine's eyes bugged out of her head. "You don't have to. It's ok."

Barb smirked at her. "Scared?"

"Um, no, it's just —"

Barb sighed. "Maxi baby, it's like this darling. The boys are out playing golf, we've had some drinks, a lovely day out and now its time to relax. You know what I mean don't you darling? This is our time together."

Maxine did remember. Why was she being such a chicken? Was it because John and Tony weren't here to encourage her?

"Maybe we can take some photos of each other all dressed up and text them to the boys? Would you like that? We could ask them to come back early?" suggested Barb.

Maxine relented. She was a chicken. While she would love to be brave enough to explore her friend, she just didn't feel she could without John here to watch.

"Sure. That sounds great. And I'm sorry." Maxine felt a huge sense of regret.

Barb came around the bed, still holding her dress. She wrapped Maxine in her soft embrace, smothering her in her soft creamy folds. 

"It's ok baby. We work to your time frame not mine." She kissed Maxine on the forehead and went to the bathroom.

"I'm going to put on this dress so you can send the photo to John. You put on your little blue number, with the stockings and panties too and we can send that to Tony. Sound ok?"

Maxine nodded and after Barb closed the door she stripped. She put on the white stockings first, the tight lace tops probably not needing the garters to hold them up but it looked sexier. She put on the g-string panties, slipping the thin strip into her crack, loving the feel of it rubbing on her hole. Next she put on the tight fitting blue chemise. Her breasts looked amazing in the white lace, round and full and she could easily see her nipples. She attached the garters and looked at herself in the mirror at the end of the bed. She had to admit she looked hot. 

Barb called out. "Maxi, are you ready honey?"

"Yeah sure am." She hastily grabbed her clothes and threw them, with the shopping bag into the corner of the room, leaving the vibrator on the bed.

Barb came out. "Ta dah!" She said, as she turned in a circle for Maxine to view her from every angle. 

"What do you think?"

Maxine's mouth fell open. Before her was the sexiest thing she'd ever seen. Barb's long dark hair was in a tumble about her naked shoulders. The sheer red dress did indeed fit but it was a tight fit and it stopped just below her hips, not even covering her full thighs. Barb's large round bust was clearly stretching the lace to its capacity, her nipples pressing up against the scarlet fabric. Maxine could see Barb didn't have panties on, her bare mons pressed up against the lace, her cleft just visible. From behind, Barb's full hips and great ass were encased in the luscious dress but if she bent over Maxine would've been able to see her pussy. Maxine wanted to run her hands over her friend. To trace the outline of the flower motifs embossed into the lace. 

"Jesus Barb," Maxine finally uttered, "that's so hot. You look amazing."

Barb squealed in delight. "I know! It feels amazing Maxi. The lace is soft and sensual. I feel like stroking myself all over!" 

Barb sauntered slowly over to where Maxine was standing, stuck in place like a deer caught in headlights.

"Baby girl, I love this on you." Barb was stroking the front of Maxine's chemise with both her hands. She worked up the soft blue fabric until her fingers were tracing circles around the fullness of Max's breasts and without warning she pinched both Maxine's nipples. As Maxine gasped in surprise Barb covered her mouth with her own and thrust her tongue inside her, this time brushing Maxine's hard sensitive nipples with her thumbs. 

Maxine was awash with emotions. One part of her was thrilled the other shaken. Barb continued to kiss her and she couldn't help put her hands on Barb's hips. The lace was soft under her fingers and soon she was kissing Barb back, her own small hands cupping Barb's tits, stoking her thumbs over her nipples, mimicking her. 

They both broke off their kiss, breathless. Barb's eyes were hooded and dark with passion and Maxine could only imagine they reflected her own.

"Mmm, Maxi darling, you're making my pussy wet. Let's get these photos to the boys then if you like we could continue what we started? Mm?"

Maxine just nodded her head slowly. Barb got her mobile phone from her purse and turned to her. 

"Baby stand over by the desk would you? Put your leg up on the chair and spread it wide. That's it, perfect. Put your hand on your knee like you're holding it open for me. Mmm. Good. And your other hand? Mmm, not there. No. On the desk behind you. That's it. Ooh Maxi I can see your pussy's wet baby. Mmm. Now hold it. Perfect."

Maxine looked at the photo Barb had taken. She did look good. The outfit fitted her perfectly and with her thighs spread you could see a wet patch on the satin panties. Maxine went to take the phone off her.

"Your turn. On the bed don't you think?" Maxine asked.

Barb pulled the phone away. 

"In a minute sweetie. I want another one. Go back to the desk and bend over but look over your shoulder at me. Go on! Oh Maxi, that looks so good. The garters are stretched over your ass so tight I just want to snap them onto your luscious cheeks! It looks so good with that thong in your ass. Keep still...there. That should do it."

Maxine watched as Barb texted the photos to Tony. The two men were together so they'd both see them. In her minds eye she could already see John's thick hard on as he looked at the slutty photos. She felt her pussy leak a little more as she thought of his stiff length pounding her or maybe Barb? 

Barb handed her the phone. "I'll do the same shots for John."

Barb leaned against the desk and lifted her leg onto the chair, her hand pulling her knee back, displaying herself. Her pussy exposed, her clit protruding through her soft bare cleft. When Maxine told her she'd taken the shot, Barb bent over the desk and copied Maxine's sultry look over her shoulder. Maxine's hands shook a little as she tried to take a good photo. Barb's legs were spread and the dress had ridden half way up her ass, the tight red lace digging into her fleshy bottom. With her legs spread, Barb's ass hole and pussy were showing and Maxine zoomed in so the frame was filled with a close up of her sex. She could make out the glistening of moisture on Barb's fleshy pink outer lips. Barb was as turned on as she was.

She texted it to John with the message, "We've started without you!"

Barb laughed and said. "That'll get them here for sure!"

She put the phone down on the table and turned back to Maxine who looked nervous. 

"Maxi, did you want to carry on where we left off? We could just try a couple of things?"

Maxine thought about it for a second, then agreed. There was no reason not to. She'd been dreaming of licking Barb's pussy for weeks and now it was here, and it was wet and she was wet. She'd get Barb to show her how to use the vibrator and maybe, just maybe the dildo.

They held each other for a bit, both stroking each others back and ass. Barb pulled on the garters and giggled as Maxine jumped at the sharp sting of the tight elastic.

"Ow!" She cried. 

"It would feel good if Tony's cock was in you and he did that Maxi. A little bit of pain while you're being pleasured is mind-blowing."

She ground her hips into Maxine's, her hands pulling Max's ass cheeks apart. 

"What would you like to do, Maxi? You wanted to lick my pussy last time. Do you want to now?"

Maxine blushed for the hundredth time that day. "Ah...I think...um...I think I'd like to." She whispered. 

Barb groaned and kissed her hard, her tongue again seeking hers, jostling and thrusting inside Maxine's mouth. Maxine's pussy was dripping, soaking her satin g-string. She longed to bury herself into Barb, to have Barb bury herself in her!

The women pulled apart. Barb looked at Maxine with desire.

"Maxi I think we should take this to the bed." She panted.

Maxine walked on unsteady legs and collapsed, grateful to have something solid under her, the wet crotch of her panties pressing into her hot pussy.
