 Nearly naked beneath my Burberry trench coat, I feel the spurned fool in my pearls and silver stilettos. The taxi driver ignores the tears clogging my throat as I stammer the name of my hotel and slide onto the back seat. Once inside the cab, my coat flips up as I reach to close the door, and my naked buttocks press against the plastic seat for a moment, jarring me out of my self-pity. Ten minutes ago, I wouldn't have thought twice about being fucked hard up against one of the scarred walls in any room of the St. Alexis Hotel, and now the thought of my bare flesh touching the worn seat of this cab sends a shiver up my spine and I tug the coat down like a useless cocoon over my thigh-high stockings. 

I know my mascara must be dripping ink from the fringes of my lashes but I can't be bothered to wipe the smudges from beneath my eyes. I probably look like some high-class hooker who cares that she lost her first trick. My hair is still disheveled where he grabbed it in his fist as he took my mouth and shoved his tongue against mine. I can still taste his breath on my bruised lips, my heartbeat still jolts erratically. 

My plan had so much potential. I would arrive at the door of his hotel and surprise him wearing almost nothing but a necklace and high heels. I had pictured the slow smile that would light his face as he tilted his head toward mine. I could imagine him pulling me into his arms to anoint me with a slow sensual kiss, his lips gently touching mine before caressing my tongue with his. 

I hiccup into the silent cab. My plan didn't work that way at all.

The driver pulls over, but I don't recognize my hotel. And then I see that he's stopped for another fare. Tiny glass beads of rain pelt the windshield and I feel sorry for anyone standing outside in this miserable weather without an umbrella or an REI jacket. Quickly the door opens and someone slides in next to me. The door slams shut and the woman who is suddenly at my side says throatily, "The Barrister, please." The cabbie nods and pulls out into the traffic again, which by this time has become a stagnant pool of crawling insects. In this weather, everyone wants a cab. And at this rate, it's going to take a long time to get anywhere.

"Cassandra, " she says and holds out her hand. I forgot she was there for a second. I can't even really comprehend her. I'm thinking - "Why didn't he want me?" and it doesn't jive with introducing myself to a stranger. 

I finally shake off my cloud of rejection to say, "Uh, nice to meet you," and shake her hand in a firm grip. She stares at me with huge brown eyes. I notice that her mascara is not smudgy. Her hair is long and curls slightly like the rain has set it free. I notice she has a full mouth, but it's not very smiley. In fact, she looks perturbed. 

"And you are?" She says curtly because I'm not speaking - only staring. I'm wondering how long I stood at his closed hotel door after he leaned against me with his mouth pressed at my neck. 

"I can't be with you," he groaned quietly while he held onto my ass. I could feel his hard-on bite into me like a slap across the face. "I just can't." And then he kissed me hard and deep, so that my legs shook with the force of it.

"Oh - sorry. I'm Eve. And sort of distracted." I lean back in the seat and when I do, my coat gapes open. I was too fractured to button it all the way up when I left the St. Alexis. Belatedly, I noticed that my cleavage is very visible, the rounded tops of each breast exposed nearly to the dark pinkness of my nipples, and all of a sudden I'm uncomfortable in this enclosed space. Cassandra feels too close and I feel too naked under my trench. But I don't want to pull the coat collar up to my neck like cold nun, or old maid third grade teacher. So I just look over at her. What she's wearing can't be any sluttier than what I have on. 

Her legs are stretched out toward me and I can't help but admire the knee-high black boots that compliment her very short black skirt. No tights or hose - must be nice. It looks like she has a white t-shirt on under her leather jacket, tiny rain droplets stick to the faded brown surface. Maybe she was out on a date as well. Maybe we can share sob stories. 

"Distracted?" She asks, in a softer voice this time. She leans toward me and I can smell her spicy floral perfume. Jasmine? I sit up a bit and now there's a gape at the bottom of my coat, and I don't want Cassandra to see that even though I'm wearing a garter belt with my thigh-high stockings, I'm pantiless. 

I move my legs closer together and it sends a tingle up my spine, where before I had felt apprehension. And then I admit to myself how decadent, and yes, how simply sexy it feels to know I'm not wearing any underwear. What would this Cassandra think? My cheeks flush and I feel a surge of desire between my legs. Desire for what, I wonder? Ten minutes ago I was ready for him to fuck me and now...Now, I glance over at Cassandra and notice that she's looking quite intently at me. She shrugs out of her coat and I can see that she's not wearing a bra. Her full, hard nipples strain against the nearly sheer white fabric. Her eyes move slowly down to my cleavage and then back to my face. 

"Yes....uh, I had plans tonight that didn't work out." I say watching her and wondering what her plans were for tonight. Maybe she is on her way to those plans. 

"That's too bad," she murmurs and she turns toward me and gently places one hand on my thigh above the knee. I take a small breath. My pussy suddenly feels on fire and I look anywhere but at her face. It's not like I haven't been with a woman before, but it was years ago. And right now my body is full of leftover heat, banked and waiting to explode. She leans over and gently runs a finger across my lips. 

"So soft," she says, trailing the finger down my cheek and lower, very gently, so gently I can barely feel it, down the side of my neck, stopping to rest right above the vee of my cleavage. My breath is coming quicker now and the cadence causes my breasts to rise against her hand. I'm yearning for her to touch my tits and I know that when she does, my body will melt. I might come on the spot. 

"So hot," she breathes looking down. By this time the cab is not even moving. Traffic has basically stopped. We are not going anywhere for awhile in this debacle. 

I am afraid to move. I've never been in this situation before. I think of him and feel so unappreciated and misunderstood. Cassandra is watching me and I wonder what she's thinking. She leans toward me and gently places her lips against mine. A vision of the last time I kissed a woman flashes on my memory screen like an x-rated movie preview. It was years ago and one of the girls I worked with at the time asked me to join her birthday celebration. A group of us met for dinner at a trendy little restaurant in the East Village. 

I had never met the friends Sancha had known since high school. Our co-worker relationship simply hadn't gotten that personal. So I have to admit that at the time I felt a little out of my element and downed my fair share of Cabernet in order to face the small talk. I noticed the woman in the red dress (yes, red) almost immediately. She had that dark-haired beauty that we blonds secretly envy. Her thick black hair fell past her shoulders in shiny, loose curls. Sitting on the other end of the table, I found myself concentrating less on the festivities and more on this woman's ravishing face - angular cheekbones, large dark eyes fringed heavily and full lips saturated a deep red that matched her dress perfectly. 

About halfway through the evening, I ended up walking to the bathroom at the same time as the woman in red. Her beauty made me nervous, and I made some stupid comment about the excruciatingly hot weather and she barely glanced in my direction. As the two of us stood waiting to use the one-person powder room, I noticed a provocative glow of perspiration covering the swell of her breasts exposed by the dress's revealing neckline. I felt a strange desire to let a finger slowly slide into the warmth of her deep cleavage, so I could then pull it out and taste the faint salt of her skin. We stood in silence, until a woman finally opened the door and quickly walked out. 

I looked over and gestured to her to go ahead of me. Surprisingly, she moved toward me and in silence pulled me into the tiny room, shoved me against the door and locked it. Without a word, she pushed my dress up and shoved her fingers into my thong, caressing my cunt, which soaked her fingers immediately in response to the touch. Her fingers were glistening when she brought them up to her mouth and sucked and licked them as she stared at me, not dropping her gaze until she moved to spread my legs and tear the fragile mesh. Then she bent down to lick my twat with a furious tongue that caused me to come almost immediately. That deep shade of red lipstick she wore didn't fade after my intense orgasm or the hard kiss she placed against my lips when she was done. I could smell my juice on her face and felt hot again, but she was already leaving the bathroom. She smiled at me for the rest of the night, but I never saw her after the party. I don't even remember her name. 

As the memory dims, I'm aware that Cassandra's lips are soft and sweet, and delicately pink.  Her kiss becomes more probing and when her tongue enters my mouth, it's gentle at first and then becomes more demanding. I match her movements with my own and soon it feels like we're devouring each other, our tongues lunging and sparring, pushing deep into each other's mouths. My pussy is drenched and I move my body toward hers. 

Cassandra pulls back and then slowly unfastens the rest of my coat. I watch her face as she takes her time with each silver button. My breathing is every bit as ragged as hers. As soon as the last button is free she carefully spreads my coat open and draws a sharp breath as she surveys my full breasts within the sheer black bra, and the nakedness below. She runs her hands over my belly stopping right above my pussy and I spread my legs apart, moaning with agony. But she reaches upward behind my back and unhooks my bra in one swift motion, loosening the cups and pushing them up, setting my breasts free. She groans as she looks down on me. My body is burning as she leans over and takes one of my taut nipples in her mouth. My cunt nearly explodes and I writhe up against her with soft cries. When she reaches over and grabs my other nipple between her thumb and forefinger, the ecstasy is almost too much to bear and I bite her shoulder. She shoves her knee between my legs and as she sucks on one nipple and her fingers massage the other, I ram my wet crotch against her. She reaches down and rubs her fingers against my swollen lips, spreading them apart to lightly tease my clit. I writhe against her touch and pull her fingers down so they're nearly in my vagina and then I push them in deep, groaning as I come against her hand. 

The orgasm wracks my body and it takes me seconds to come down from the high. As I struggle to regain my composure, I notice that our cab is moving slightly. I glance at the driver, not surprised that he has been watching from his rear view mirror with a look of pleasure. I sit up and pull my coat around me. Then I push Cassandra back against the door on her side and lean over her behind the front seat. The driver's vision is now limited to the back of my trench coat as it pulls up to barely cover my ass. 

It's my turn to make her come and I can hardly wait. Her breath is unsteady and she slowly lifts her shirt to expose her small, perfectly rounded breasts. Her large nipples are pink and hard and taste lightly of her perfume as I suck on one and then the other. I 'm even wetter now and my thoughts have moved downward. 

I pull away to murmur, "I want to fuck you with my mouth." She groans and holds my gaze as she slowly puts the first two fingers of one hand and then the other into her mouth, like she's sucking cock. 

She moves her fingers down to her nipples, massaging, then pulling on them, her gaze not leaving my face. Then she pushes one breast up against her lips so she can suck on it and tease it with her ready tongue. I reach down to push my jacket open so I can finger my clit with one hand and graze one of my nipples with the other. I easily come again. Now she spreads her legs wider and I push her short skirt up. Like me, she doesn't have any panties on and I can see her lips glisten as the cab moves slowly past the streetlights. Her half closed eyes watch for a second and then she pulls my head toward her wetness. I lean in and push my tongue against her clit. Lapping and gently licking-circling the nub and then lightly caressing. 

She stiffens beneath me as she rises to meet my mouth with her shaven mound. Her legs begin to shake with her burgeoning orgasm and I lick her faster and wilder, savoring her sweet tang against my face. At the last moment I shove my fingers into her vagina right as she bucks against me with the force of her orgasm. I lick my fingers with pleasure and lean over to kiss her - shoving my tongue in like a hard dick, close so she can smell herself on my face. 

Cassandra moves back and straightens her clothes. Silently I button my coat and move over to my side of the seat. 

Barely seconds later, the driver calls out in a gravelly voice full of smoke and cheap beer: "The Barrister. It's right across the street." 

"Thank you," Cassandra acknowledges and passes him some cash. "Keep the change." 

She smiles at me, touching my hand. "Do you want to join me? I'm alone tonight."

My body grows taut with the promise of the pleasure she's offering, but now that I feel strong and desirable, I have an urgent need to see him. 

"I'd love to, but I have a distraction to take care of." She nods and gives me a quick, deep kiss. 

"I understand." Within seconds, she's gone. 

"Cabbie, I've changed my plans. Take me back to the St. Alexis." I adjust my coat and settle back in the corner of the seat. "And please, no extra fares."