 It was now almost two years that Dawn and I had been singing together. Our reputation had grown and we were now a very popular act on the Algarve in Portugal, we had more offers of bookings than we could possibly fit in. It meant that we could now choose the venues that we preferred.

We had even featured on local TV on two occasions. The money was now beyond our wildest dreams, to us, we were rich. We had a new car each, the apartment had benefited as well, loads of lovely furniture, the latest television and we even had Sky.

I opened the front door, "Hi, Dawn, I'm back," I yelled up the stairs, the music was loud. Merle Haggard blasting out one of his sad bar drinking songs. It was our one night off and I had been out shopping for fresh steaks and some veggies and I was starving.

Dawn was sat at the living room table, a letter held in her hands, she was crying. "Whatever's the matter, baby?" I asked, rushing to her side.

She cried even harder, then held the letter out to me. I took it from her and I first looked at the heading, it was from a recording company Panafonica.

The thought that came instantly to mind was, "Wow, someone wants to record us." but just as quickly I realised that Dawn wouldn't be crying if that were the case. So, I read lower.

The gist of the letter was that they were offering Dawn a one-off recording deal, with an option for further recordings dependent on how the recording went and on sales. There was no mention of me.

I swallowed my reaction of hurt, instead, I said, "But Dawn, this is fantastic, why are you crying?"

She looked up at me, "I can't record without you Dina, it wouldn't be right, there wouldn't have even have been a me without you, I'm crying because it's not an offer for us together."

I put my arms around her and pulled her tightly to me, "Don't be silly, my love, you know as well as I do, that you've always been a better singer than me and besides, it's only a recording, it doesn't split our live act up. You've got to do it."

After dinner, we sat with a bottle of Rubera Del Duero wine, we discussed all of the pros and cons that we could think of. There were one or two foreseeable problems that came to my mind but I kept these to myself, I had to persuade her that she should do it, I wasn't trying to talk her out of it.

The wine was all gone, I didn't fancy another bottle, it was a bit heavy for drinking on its own, so we hit the brandy instead.

By the time we were both quite pissed, we still hadn't arrived at any conclusion, so I suggested that we should sleep on it and see how we felt tomorrow.

Dawn staggered rather badly when she stood, then she tripped over my foot and landed in a heap in my arms.

"Oops, I think I'm a bit pissed," she grinned up at me, then reached her lips up towards mine, "Shit, I love you, kiss me, Dina."

Our lips came together, I wanted to kiss her worries away, it broke my heart when she wasn't happy. We kissed all the time, we almost never stopped, but this time her passion took me by surprise, she was usually so gentle, now her lips were fierce and demanding.

When she had fallen, her skirt had ended up around her waist. In my drunken state it looked so erotic, her thighs were spread open as she sat on my lap, a glimpse of her panties just visible.

I trailed my fingers up her leg gently, I think, tickling as I went higher. She squirmed under my touch, her mouth never left mine but she breathed out a "Yes, touch me, I want to feel you touching me." Her hand grabbed hold of mine and she forced it between her legs grinding it against her panty front. She didn't let go but rubbed my fingers furiously up and down her slit hidden beneath the material, she was using my hand as if it were a dildo, stimulating herself.

Somehow, the crotch of her panties got pushed aside and still, she worked my hand hard on top of her clit. Her legs spread wider and her pussy open for her to jam my fingers inside, she wasn't careful, she seemed to have lost all control, she was trying to force my whole hand between the lips.

Her head dropped to my shoulder, then I felt her teeth, she bit me hard. Any other time I might have yelled at the pain, but just like her, I was too pissed to care. I tried to control her use of my hand but with her vice-like grip, she fucked herself.

I knew her well, so even in my inebriated state, I knew when her orgasm was nearing. Her free arm clung around my neck, hugging me so tightly, as still, she was biting the other side. Her body was going stiff but she never relaxed the pounding she was giving her pussy. Her climax was staggering in its intensity, between clenched teeth I could hear her, "Fuck me, oh keep fucking me, Dina, oh God, don't stop."

She collapsed against me, her grip on my hand fell away and her arm dropped to the floor, she was gasping for breath. I rocked her tenderly, "I've got you, my love, I'm here."

My lips hurt, my neck hurt and my fingers hurt, what the hell was that? Never had I seen her like it, my baby had gone mad.

Her voice broke my thoughts, "I'm sorry, Dina, I don't know what came over me, I just needed you to be a part of me, I didn't mean to hurt you, I love you so much and I'm frightened, I don't want anything that might split us up." 

"Nothing's gonna split us, love. Just let me hold you." I felt a tear running down my cheek, shit! Don't you start, I thought.

She seemed to sleep, I sort of nodded off with her. I had bad dreams, I saw her, a star on television and with records high in the charts, I didn't think I would see my baby again.

The cramp in my legs woke me, I opened my eyes to find her staring up into my face, "You were dreaming," she said, "I heard you saying about me being a star, what was that all that about?"

Vaguely, I remembered but I wasn't about to tell her, "I don't remember, probably nothing important, don't you think it's time we went to bed?"

For a moment she studied me, then shakily, she rose from my lap, my legs hurt as the feeling returned to them. Arm in arm, we hobbled to the bedroom where I laid her down, then I went to the bathroom for a wash, I saw the blood where she had bitten my neck. As I rinsed it away, I pondered on her behaviour, it really wasn't like her at all.

The next morning, over breakfast, we continued our discussion but this time in a more sober manner. I pointed out that there was no harm in her going for the session, see how it went and kind of, take it from there. I said that I would come with her for moral support she could tell them that I was her manager.

Later, she rang the company and spoke to the guy who had signed the letter. I saw her smile as she spoke to him, she seemed to relax, some of the tension draining away.

She told me that he seemed a really nice guy, he was perfectly happy that if all went well and they wanted to release a record, then she would have the final say, yes or no. She had written a date down and passed it to me, it was the following week, I told her it was good.

After the call ended, she came and sat on my knee. She kissed me, it was her old gentle self again. "About last night, Dina, I don't remember very well but I do know something makes me feel uncomfortable, what did I do? Was it wrong of me?"

"No, my love, it wasn't wrong, it was a side of you that I've never seen before, you were wild, like an animal but it was exciting, so don't let it worry you."

She snuggled into my neck, then she must have seen the bite marks, "Oh my God Dina, did I do that? I must have done, no one else could have," she put her lips to the wounds, "I'm so sorry, what was I thinking?"

I smiled down at her, "It's okay, you got a bit carried away but I'm good so let's not make a big deal out of it. Hey, how about we pop off to the estuary, let's have a swim and I fancy a bit of fishing, they tell me that the bass are coming close in this week. Do my headache some good as well."

We always make the illegal drive through the reserve to the estuary, no one seems to mind too much and the big advantage is that the beach is always empty up there. It's also the best place for fishing as the currents around the estuary entrance, attract a lot of fish, especially the bigger bass.

I set up my fishing gear, the line baited with ragworm and left the rod on its telescopic tripod. Dawn spread our blanket and broke out a couple of beers. What could be better?

Well, one thing could and that was Dawn covering me with suntan lotion. She covered all the usual places before she pulled my bikini bottoms off. She'd had her fun last night, now it was my turn. She told me to stay on my stomach as she played with my ass cheeks, loads of lotion massaged into my crevice and spread over my pussy lips. She pushed my legs wide apart as she knelt between them before her fingers were delving inside my now drooling hole.

I went to turn over but she slapped my ass, "Stay where you are and relax, lover." That was easier said than done, I mean, how can you relax with three fingers wanking your pussy?

Her other hand was dragging a cheek to one side, then her lips kissed my rear hole. Her tongue came out to lick and tickle. I reached a hand under my body until my fingers got hold of my clit, if you've read of some of my earlier escapades then you'll already know that I have a rather large clit, so yes, my fingers can get hold of it. I pulled it and rubbed hard as she wanked me.

The warning bell on the fishing rod was tinkling but I was past caring, the bell rang louder, so did my pussy as I peaked, the climax lifting me to a wonderful orgasm.

"Do you wanna go and get that sweetheart?" I suggested, "I don't think I can for a minute or two."

I felt her leave, then I heard the bell stop ringing when she removed it from the rod. The next second she was yelling, "What do I do Dina? It's bloody huge, I can't hold it, I think the rod's going to break."

I forced myself up, then went and took the rod, sure enough, it was bent in a huge arc. I released the brake, something I had forgotten to set properly after I had cast out. I was probably just in time, the line would have snapped if I hadn't given the fish a little slack.

Ten minutes later and I had landed my record bass, at least eight pounds, I'd never had one much over two pounds before. "Get your camera, babe, they won't believe me if we don't have a pic."

.........

The recording studio was fabulous, we'd not been in one before but as Dawn had said, the guy, Peter, was indeed, a great guy. He showed us around and soon had Dawn looking quite relaxed. She was doing this first session using backing tracks, no live musicians for her to worry about.

Her first number was a song by Alison Krauss, 'When you say nothing at all'. It was good but I have to say that it's not one of my favourites. They had her do a couple of more slow songs, then I suggested she should do something more uptempo.

I knew she loved the Juice Newton version of 'Queen of hearts', the same song that Dave Edmunds had a hit with. Wow! She really rocked it, Peter was looking ecstatic.

"Okay, I get it." he said, "let's do a couple more fast ones," he thought for a moment, then, "Do you know 'He's a heartache' by Janie Fricke?"

"My God, it's one of my favourites, go for it." I could see Dawn was getting excited and clearly was now enjoying herself.

Half an hour later and the session came to an end. Peter was more than happy with six tracks laid down. "Let me play with these for a few days, then I'll be in touch if that's okay with you guys?"

..........

Two months later, I'm sat in the club where we should have been appearing that night. They'd managed to get a replacement act for the evening. At ten minutes to eight, the singers would take a break while the big screen tele was flashed up. Dawn would be appearing, supposedly live, but I knew she would be miming to her song. This was her big chance, on national television, performing her hit song 'Queen of hearts' and also "When you say nothing at all'.

Helen was sat beside me, she's taken a few days off and flown out especially to see Dawn's big night. It was the first time I'd seen her for almost a year.

I was so nervous, my hands were shaking, I could barely drink my wine without spilling it. Then she was being introduced. For a second I thought that she had chickened out and wasn't going to come on but then there she was, so beautiful, my baby walked on stage. Well actually, she kind of skipped on, I could feel myself getting ready to cry.

I can't begin to explain my feelings, what it was like watching my Dawn sing on television. All I knew was that she was faultless, it was a stunning performance, the audience loved her, even though they'd never heard of her until maybe a few weeks before if they listened to the radio. I was both elated for her but also, I was worried for us. A feeling of foreboding, of problems ahead.

Helen took my hand, she saw my turmoil, "Don't worry, she'll be back tomorrow, Dina."

I looked at her, as still, I cried, "Will she be really back though, Helen, I am pleased for her but I've got to be realistic as well, I can't help but wonder if I've lost her, she could be in a different world now."

..........

Dawn flung herself into my arms when I picked her up from Faro airport. Yeah, they flew her to Lisbon and back for the show. She radiated happiness, her excitement was so obvious. Then she saw Helen, more hugs and kisses, "Oh my goodness, Helen, did you fly over just to see me?" She took both of our hands, "The two most important people in the world to me and I've got so much to tell you."

She never stopped talking during the whole hours drive back. How she'd been treated like a star. How nervous she'd been until she actually walked on stage. How wonderful Peter was and how pleased he was with her performance. So on and so on.

That evening, I took us all out for a celebration meal, we went to a lovely little restaurant that we loved but seldom used, it was expensive.

The maitre had seen us coming, as we walked in, the entire clientele stood and clapped, then whistled and cheered. Dawn beamed and waved at them all. My God, she's loving it I thought but why not? She deserved it. She must have signed thirty or more autographs by the time she joined us at our table.

She blushed furiously as she sat and looked at me. Then she looked sad, "I'm so sorry, Dina, it shouldn't be just me, it should be the two of us together."

I put a finger to her lips "Hush, baby, don't worry about it, it's what you deserve and I'm happy for you." Then I leaned and kissed her cheek.

As we walked home, she turned to Helen, "You are staying with us aren't you, Helen, I forgot to ask earlier?" Then, "It's a stupid question really because of course you are."

After we were back home, I could see Helen was looking nervous and uncertain. "Helen, my love, nothing's changed since you were last here, our bed is your bed, isn't that right Dawn?"

Dawn walked straight over to Helen and wrapped her arms around her, she kissed her hard on the lips, "Helen, we love you, you should know that we agreed two years ago that you and I have equal shares in Dina, as long as she wants us both. So, who's going to strip her? You, me, or shall we attack her together?"

I ran for the bedroom, they weren't too far behind me, where I took the stairs one at a time, Helen, I swear, took three at a time, well she was an athlete, I'd barely got to the room when she tackled me from behind. Luckily, we fell onto the bed, then Dawn was piled on top and I was well and truly trapped.

"Hey girls, I wanna go and wash." I cried out.

"Bollocks to that, we'll take you as you are." Helen laughingly replied. "Come on Dawn, let's get these clothes off of her."

In no time at all, I was stripped naked, with my two gorgeous girls plying me with kisses, tickles, licks and gropes. I was being molested in the nicest possible way.

I heard Helen, "At last, my most favourite clit in the world, I'd almost forgotten how big it is."

"Guys, this isn't fair, you've both still got your clothes on, what am I supposed to play with?"

Helen looked at Dawn, an evil smile on her face, "Whaddya reckon, Dawn, I think we wanna see her wank her clit, while we undress and watch, d'ya think?" She reached for my hand with one of hers, the other pulling my clit erect, then she wrapped my fingers around it, "Now let's see you wank, Dina."

They both stood and did a sexy strip, having the odd grope at each other as they did, tits, asses and pussies. I watched my two beauties as I played with myself. Very quickly my clit was throbbing at my touch and the sexy sight of my lovers. Shit! I was aroused, I closed my eyes as my head rolled back.

I felt the matress lean, a hot breath came above my fingers, then a tongue tickled between my fingers, licking the tip of my clit. A hand took a grip if each of my breasts and lips took a nipple into a mouth. I managed a glance down, Dawn was at my tits and Helen was lying between my legs.

Fingers gently kneaded one breast, the fingers tweaking the nipple, teeth nipped at my other nipple, I knew that they were thrusting upright and stiff.

My fingers were pushed away from my clit and I felt the lips take me in, Helen sucked hard, as her lips worked up and down, a smaller version of a blowjob. I felt her pushing my generous lips open before her fingers were sliding into my pussy.

I was fast approaching a climax, Dawn knew the signs only too well, she brought her lips to mine, kissing me hard, her fingers were still pulling at my nipples. Then she called down to Helen, "Now Helen, fuck her harder, she's gonna cum any second."

They drove me wild until I went over the edge, my world came to a standstill for a second, my whole body was strung so tight and I could feel my vagina contracting, then I was shaking as the orgasm wracked me. Fuck! I love my girls was all I could think, they know how to make me feel good.

I could hear them laughing and giggling like two little schoolgirls as they left me to recover. Moments later, the sound of slurping was obvious, I opened my eyes for a peak, where the fuck were they? They weren't on the bed but I could hear them close-by, I looked over the side and there they were, on the bedside rug with their heads buried in each other's pussy, Dawn was on top, she was becoming quite the dom lately. I saw Helen's fingers probing at Dawn's ass, fascinated, I saw it disappearing inside and then quickly followed by another.

I pulled on my clit, it was so sexy watching these two making love to each other that I sensed that maybe I might even cum again, I managed the reach with my other hand and got two fingers inside my pussy, it was feeling a bit sore but did I care? I wanked myself as fast as I could, as I lusted watching them play.

Helen was the first to climax, she had always been the quickest, I heard her moaning as she bucked her hips against Dawn's mouth. I thought that Dawn might get thrown off, so furiously did Helen buck.

Then Dawn was wailing, "Helen, I'm cumming, suck my clit, lover." With that, I forgot about them, I was getting close to another orgasm myself. 

I lay back as I wanked, Fuck! It felt good. Then I was cumming, not as hard as a bit before but still satisfyingly intense. I was totally wiped as my hands fell to my sides.

Those two girls were giggling again when I looked, there were two grinning faces, propped on their elbows on the side of the bed, "Fucking awesome, Dina." Helen said.

It was a tearful goodbye when we dropped Helen back at the airport, "Please don't stay away so long again, we miss you too much." I told her.

..........

At first, our local appearances had grown on popularity, we were packing them in, then we began to lose bookings. Dawn would get called away for either a radio or television spot and to make more recordings, it always seemed to be at very short notice and we had to cancel gigs. Owners were getting pissed off with us!
