 “Paging Doctor Thomas Stat!” was all I heard as I sat on the leather table in the center of the room, the white paper robe barely covering my full 36C breasts. I had drove over 500 miles to Forbidden Fantasy and as I looked around the nicely decorated “doctor’s office” I knew it would be worth it. The entire scene had been set up like an erotic episode of ER, even having a well built nurse scantly clad in a crisp white tight uniform taking my vitals as I stepped in the office. 

Unlike a normal doctor’s office she was not concerned with my blood pressure or temperature, even though I could feel it rising as I realized my ultimate fantasy was about to come true. She made me undress and she pulled out a long tape measure, gathering the figures of my tight 36-24-36 frame. After she had gotten all my vitals, she led me in the doctor’s room and gave me a robe, pushed the play button on the CD player and allowed Maxwell to flow throughout the room. She poured me a tall glass of freshly made Strawberry Daiquiri, lit the small apple scented candles strategically placed throughout the room and handed me a stack of magazines before dimming the lights and exiting. 

I looked down at the magazines expecting your standard office material only to find the latest GENT and Playboy in my hand. Damn this was unlike any doctor’s office I had ever seen. I leaned back on the table and propped my head on the soft down pillows provided and thumbed through the magazine, slowly looking at each individual picture imagining what I would do to all the women. They were all beautiful but my mind finally settled on the centerfold, a tall caramel skinned women with long flowing hair and huge breasts. I reached down in between my les and clutched my pussy in my hand, trying hard to ease the throbbing that had so quickly begun. I grabbed it hard and rubbed it up and down resisting the urge to stroke my clit, as I looked directly into her pussy. 

The inside of her was so juicy and pink that my mouth watered. It had been so long since I had tasted the sweetness of a woman on my tongue that I was ready to explode before I heard I soft knock at the door. 

Before I could say enter, in walked the most beautiful women I had ever seen. She wore her thick hair up in a tight French Roll, allowing soft ringlets to fall around her face, framing the angular shape drawing attention to her full red lipstick coated lips and deep brown bedroom eyes. She looked down at me gripping a chart in her hand and walked further into the room and introduced herself as Monique Thomas, chief doctor on the Sexual Healing Ward. I blushed deeply, knowing that she had seen me with my hand in between my legs. Noticing my embarrassment, she urged me to continue as she sat down on the small stool in front of the table and spread my legs open wide. 

My body jumped as I felt her soft fingers touch my skin and I released all inhibitions as I ran my fingers over my pussy, tossing the magazines to the floor, now mesmerized by Monique as she stood up and begin to remove her tight doctor’s coat. Her huge breasts popped from beneath the uniform accentuated with long hard nipples, I continued to stroke my clit as she stripped for me, knowing I was only seconds away from cumming. 

When she pulled the coat all the way down dropping it seductively to her ankles, I exploded as I saw the long thick dildo strapped in between her legs. She moaned wildly watching me cum and grabbed a small plastic container and placed it under my shooting pussy hole, collecting the cum in the small container, stating that we would use it later. 

My mind wondered as she placed the cum filled container on the countertop, but I was too turned on to stop and inquire. She came between my legs and placed her hard nipple on my swollen clit and stroked it up and down urging me to cum on her breasts. Her encouragement was all I needed as I released juices all over her. 

She opened my pussy with one hand and shoved her breast as far into my dripping pussy hole as she could , smiling as I came all over her. She stood up, and lifted her cum drenched breast to her mouth and begin licking my juices off of her. This was too much for me to take and I sat up and scooted to the end of the table and joined her in lapping up my juices. She pushed me back down on the table and pulled out the built in stir-ups attached to the table and placed each one of my feet in them. I had never been spread so wide in my life as I lay there with my pussy fully exposed to her. 

Doing the “doctorly thing”, she snapped on a white latex glove and begin examining me very deep, touching places I had never been touched before. It was the most erotic experience of my life as I lay there and let her play deep within my pussy. She smiled as she found my coveted G spot pushing on it lightly causing juices to flow like fountain water from my pussy. 

She pulled off the glove and stuck her bare fingers back inside of me, tickling my insides. She reached her other hand up and slowly stroked my clit up and down finally putting her hot mouth on the center of my pussy hole, pushing her tongue deep inside of me. I pressed hard against the stir-ups and pushed deeply from my stomach. I heard her swallowing deep and I continued to pump juices from my pussy until they begin to slide from her mouth and onto the table, rolling back until my asshole was soaking wet. 

She stood up and inserted the strap-on deep inside of me, taking her time to do a thorough examination of my pussy. I moaned as she pushed in deeper and deeper lifting my hips up to meet her with every stroke. She fucked me nice and slow, pulling the strap-on out periodically, rubbing it against my clit before reinserting it inside of me, making my orgasms even more intense. 

Finally, she pulled my feet out of the stir-ups and got up walking over to the counter and picking up the small cum filled container. I was extremely curious just what she was going to use it for and my mouth fell open in shock as she opened the container and poured thick globs of my cum all over the strap-on, coating it completely. She licked the cum from her fingers before rolling me over and spreading my ass open wide, pouring the remaining juices all over my asshole. She rubbed it in thoroughly before pushing the tip of the strap-on to the tip of my asshole, opening me up wide, the cum acting as a lubricant allowing it to slide in with ease. 

I pushed back to her hard, loving the feeling of pain and pleasure that came in waves as I was fucked in my asshole for the first time. She moaned that she loved the tightness of my ass and I squeezed harder making the entry even tighter as she fucked me long and deep. I could feel my asshole begin to loosen to the thickness of the strap-on and I leaned my body forward reaching around and spread my ass cheeks open wide allowing her to lunge completely inside of me, the leather strap now caressing my ass. 

She thrust forward one last time and her body shook as she came. I explode with her dropping my juices to the table as she slid the thick strap-on out of my ass. She kneeled down and lapped up the cum from the table before kissing me hard on the lips opening her mouth open wide, releasing my juices back on my tongue. Talk about hot! 

In that instance I knew if I had to drive a million miles, I was going to be a frequent member of Forbidden Fantasies. She got dressed and kissed me on the cheek handing me a slip of paper that said “In Perfect Health.” I slipped on my clothes and stopped by the receptionist desk, making an appointment for next week- I was sure I was going to need a doctor soon I mean hey it is the flu season.