 Sara's eyes flew wide open as she took a deep breath trying to determine what was happening. John, her husband of eight years, lay sleeping silently beside her and she didn't want to awaken him, at least not yet. The bedroom was dark and silent, except for the gentle breeze blowing through the leaves which could be heard through the open window. Sara could feel her heart pounding and wondered if she had cried out in her sleep.

It had been a dream. It had been that dream again! That same damn dream. So vivid and so mysterious. What did it mean? The dream was always the same. Sara alone in an empty room. The room was a dull white and devoid of furniture. A single light-bulb shed its dim light. The door, the only door, was labeled with a sign which read, Not An Exit. As Sara turned around examining the room she became aware that its walls were closing in on her. Slowly yet unmistakably closing. She moved to the door but could not bring herself to open it because of the sign. If not an exit, what was it? But with the walls closing in on her how could she stay. Still smaller the room became. Would they stop closing? Close enough now she could almost reach out and touch all sides from where she stood. Breathing became difficult. She wanted to scream. The door! It was the only way out. The sign! Not an exit. She awoke.

As Sara lay in silence, her mind racing. What was the meaning of this dream, so disturbing that it regularly awoke her from her sleep. She slipped out of bed and, after grabbing her robe and slippers in the darkness, made her way downstairs to the kitchen. Switching on the light and greeting the sleepy dog, she put the tea kettle on the stove and while it came to a boil she prepared a cup and saucer, got out her favorite herbal tea and some honey, and sat down at the kitchen table. For the first time she noted the hour, 3:45am. Shit, she would be tired in the morning. But experience had taught her that she would not return to sleep this night and there was no sense disturbing John. The dream had come rarely at first, starting about 4 months ago. But this was the fourth time in the past two weeks! What was she going to do?

Her thoughts were interrupted by the whistling of the tea kettle and she made her cup of tea and waited for morning to come. She sat at the kitchen table and drank her tea, wondering what meaning was hidden within her dream.

_ _ _ _

At 5:50am, Sara heard her husband turn on the shower in the master bedroom and, realizing she had been at the table for two hours, decided to go upstairs and join him. After setting her tea cup in the sink she climbed the stairs and went down the hall to their bedroom. The lamp beside the bed was on but John was already in the shower. Kicking off her slippers, Sara removed her robe and threw it on the large, king-size bed. As she headed for the bathroom she pulled her red silk teddy deftly over her head in one motion and went to join her husband. She slipped off her panties and as she passed the mirror, already beginning to fog from the shower's steam, she couldn't help but notice her almost 30 year old body. Her auburn colored hair hung to her shoulders, her breasts still a firm 34-b despite, her stomach flat from regular trips to the gym and healthy eating habits. Her ass, she always thought it her best feature, was tight and topped her slender yet well toned legs. Not bad, she thought proudly..

She opened the shower door and as John turned to see her he smiled, that killer smile. Despite the fatigue Sara already felt, she smiled back as she looked at her handsome husband. They had been a good eight years and she remembered what had attracted her to him as she looked him over as he stood in the shower. At six feet tall, he was eight inches taller that she was, and 195 lbs. he was ruggedly attractive with dark brown hair and eyes. Her eyes moved from his face, down over his well-muscled chest and tight stomach, to eye his penis, which presently hung flaccidly between his strong thighs. 

Entering the shower she took the soap he held and allowed her hands to begin to work up a lather as she washed his balls and cock. He leaned back against the wall of the shower and moaned his approval. "Good morning to you too, Mrs. Downing." She smiled, leaning upward she kissed him, and noticed his cock was now semi-flaccid, gaining in both length and thickness. Their sex life had always been good, although Sara had to admit that she missed some of their earlier passion, and its was less frequent than when they first married, but that was normal she was told, and they both seemed to be OK with it. 

"Where were you when I woke up?" John inquired.

"Downstairs," Sara replied. "I couldn't sleep."

"You sick?" asked John.

"You tell me." Sara said smiling as she set the soap in the soap dish and slowly went down to her knees as the stream of water from the shower began to rinse away the lather from John's now fully engorged penis. At 7 and a half inches in length John was a little longer than most men Sara had seen but his real claim to fame was how massively thick he was. Her hand lacked a full three inches of being able to encircle him completely so she used both hands to stoke him and prepare him for the oral assault she was about to make. She parted her lips and allowed her tongue to begin to lick circles around the head of his cock while she stroked its full length. "Oh yes, baby. You know how that makes me feel," John said as his eyes closed and he thrust his hips forward into her grasp. 

Sara took the head of John's cock between her lips and began to suck it while she continued to stroke. Suddenly John rammed his full length into her mouth and throat, causing her to gag. Instantly she felt the hot cum explode from his cock and fill her mouth, making her choke and cough. "Arrggghhh," cried John. Then he said, "Damn, I'm so sorry baby, I didn't mean to cum so soon." 

Sara, her eyes teary from gagging and choking shook her head, not wanting John to feel badly. Yet secretly she was disappointed that this would be yet another encounter which ended with only one of them being satisfied. John lifted her to her feet, thanked her for helping him get off, kissed her on the forehead and left her to finish her shower alone. When Sara exited the shower, John was already dressed and downstairs. As she dressed for work he called upstairs to say good-bye and suggested dinner out after work. She agreed and shouted her goodbye and then was alone again.

_ _ _ _

Sara drove the 30 minutes to her office alone with her thoughts. She knew she would think about the dream off and on throughout the day. As she steered her Ford Escort into the parking garage at her office building, she turned her thoughts to the day ahead. Bob Gaston, her boss, was leaving at three this afternoon to travel from Boston to Philadelphia and would have things he wanted her to prepare for his trip. She had anticipated some of them, but he always managed a few last minute items to make it interesting. She enjoyed working for Caterpillar, but heavy construction equipment was a subject she knew nothing about when she took the job. She did enjoy the attention she garnered from the many visitors to the office, most of them more accustomed to seeing men and construction equipment.

On the elevator to the 15th floor of their downtown office building, Sara remembered there was a staff meeting at 9:00am and she would need to be sure coffee and danish or doughnuts were available. A call downstairs to the caterer in their building would take care of that. Bob needed to give a report to Mr. Reston, the VP, at 11:00am and she had one more sales chart to include in his bound report which was otherwise complete. She would have plenty of time for that. She would join Jill from down the hall for their usual Thursday lunch of a sandwich and fruit from the deli on the second floor and then they would go for a walk in the park. It was sunny and already warming nicely so she expected they would have fun. Barring unforeseen problems, this should be an easy day which, given her already tired state of mind, was a good thing.

When she arrived at the office of Davis and Reston, the northeast's biggest distributor of Caterpillar equipment, she went right to work. She got things set for the staff meeting, finished up the sales chart and report for Bob's 11:00 o'clock with Reston and was finishing up Bob's preparations for his trip to Philly by 10:30am. Realizing she hadn't really looked at her daily calendar, she opened it and checked for appointments. There was one she had forgotten, why she wasn't sure. At 4:00pm, Rachel Peabody from Myers Printing was coming by to go over the new color brochure she and Bob had been working on. Sara had meant to cancel it since Bob wouldn't be there, but for some reason she had never made the call. 

When she called Rachel's office she learned that she was out of her office for the day. She could be paged but was actually making calls in downtown Boston all afternoon. Sara called Rachel's pager number and entered her office number at the prompt. All she could do now was wait for Rachel to call. 

She turned her attention to catching up on correspondence which needed to be sent out. As she typed the standard letters detailing sales projections, special promotions, new incentives and possible legal actions, she tried to keep her mind off her dream. What the hell did it mean? Why the same dream over and over again? Maybe it was time to confide in John.

The ringing of her phone startled her out of trance. 

"Hello, you have reached the office of Davis and Preston Caterpillar, how may I direct your call?"

"Hey Sara!" bubbled Rachel. "I got your page, what's up."

"Bob is leaving at three to fly down to Phalli, he can't keep your 4:00 o'clock appointment," apologized Sara. "I had intended to call you sooner."

"Listen sweetie," laughed Rachel, "I could care less about meeting Bob, you know its your sweet ass I can't wait to see."

Sara blushed, glancing around the office to make sure no one was watching her. "You are so naughty," she said.

"No, I mean it Sara. I tell you every time I'm in that office I'd love to spend some time getting to know you better, I think we'd be great together. Listen, I'll come by anyway and maybe we can go out after work for a drink or dinner, how 'bour it?" Rachel's voice was persuasive but Sara said no like every time before.

"My husband and I are going out for dinner after work," replied Sara. "Sorry."

"Damn" muttered Rachel. "Well, I'm still going to come by and see that sweet ass of yours, OK sweetie?"

"Yeah, sure." 

As Sara hung up she felt a little uncomfortable. Rachel was always very forward but she was probably like this with all the secretaries she met. If you want to get through to the boss, you need to be friends with the secretary. Still, Sara couldn't help but feel it was something more for Rachel. She had heard a few rumors in the building, nothing specific, but implications that Rachel was gay. The flirting that Rachel did was certainly no more than what many of the guys did, but she always made Sara wonder with her talk of Sara's "sweet ass".

_ _ _ _

It was 3:30pm when the phone rang. "Hi hon, it's me." Sara recognized John's voice.

"How's your day going?" inquired John.

"OK so far, and yours?" replied Sara.

"That's why I'm calling, baby. We got a call from a big client the other side of Worcester and they want us to come meet with them tonight. Ross and I are leaving at 4:00, will probably have to spend the night. I'm going to have to take a raincheck on that dinner. Forgive me?"

Sara tried hard to contain her growing anger. She had planned to discuss her dream with him over dinner. She had hoped they might even be able to finish what had been started in the shower this morning, this time with a little more attention paid to her needs.

"No chance you'll get home tonight?" wondered Sara.

"No way honey, sorry."

"If it can't be avoided, then I'll see you after work tomorrow." 

Sara was disappointed. But then she had been disappointed before and she always managed to survive. This would be no different.

_ _ _ _

At 3:57pm the door to the office of Davis and Reston opened and in strolled a most attractive 5'7" blonde carrying a briefcase in one hand and flowers in the other. She wore a red silk blouse, a black linen jacket and a tight, black mini skirt. Her long lovely legs were supported by black pumps. Her bright blue eyes and full red lips said this lady was fun!

"These are for my favorite lady at Davis and Reston," said Rachel as she came across the office to where Sara sat. "For you, Mrs. Downing."

Sara blushed and said thanks. She got up from her desk and went to the workroom to get a vase and put some water in it for the flowers.

"I'm sorry I didn't let you know Bob was going to be away sooner." apologized Sara. "Hate to have you make a wasted trip."

"Time spent with you, Sara, is never wasted." said Rachel as she smiled warmly at Sara. Her eyes seemed to probe deep into Sara's soul and that made her uncomfortable again. "And like I said," quipped Rachel glancing very obviously at Sara's backside, "I love seeing your sweet ass."

"You really are to much, Rachel." squirmed Sara, suddenly very uncomfortable being alone with Rachel.

"You sure there is no way we could get away for a drink before you got to dinner with your husband. I know I'd love to buy you a drink."

Without thinking and before she could catch herself Sara blurted out that her husband had called to cancel on dinner.

"Damn, this is my lucky day." beamed Rachel.

"What do you mean?" asked Sara.

"You are free for drinks and dinner." said Rachel with a big grin on her face. "How about it Sara, my treat. I know a great club near hear where we can grab a couple of drinks before dinner, then I know the perfect little Italian Bistro where we can enjoy a bottle of Wine and some fantastic pasta."

Sara didn't know what to say. She was sure she shouldn't, but she didn't want to be alone. John wouldn't be home until tomorrow so he wasn't expecting her. She could call her neighbor to let the dog out. What the hell she thought. "OK, let me get someone to let my dog out and I'll have my calls forwarded and we can go." 

_ _ _ _

Five minutes later the two were in the elevator giggling like school girls as they descended to the parking garage. 

"We can take my car." said Rachel.

"OK" said Sara, suddenly very self-conscious. Rachel drove a bright red BMW convertible sports coupe. Sales had obviously been very good to Rachel.

The drive took longer than it should have, tunnel construction in Boston, the Big Dig as it was known, had everything snarled. But Rachel was undaunted and twenty minutes later she threw her keys to the valet and they entered Lady Slippers. Sara had never been here, or even heard of it for that matter, but its soft pastel colors and soothing music made her feel right at home. They chose to sit in a quiet booth near the back and Rachel ordered them a couple of drinks.

Sara sat back and tried to relax. She was exhausted.

"So what do you think?" asked Rachel. "Ever been in a lipstick bar before?"

"A what?" replied Sara.

Rachel laughed, "I didn't think so. I love it here."

Sara, confused by what Rachel was saying, slowly looked around the room. Two women were seated at the bar talking with an attractive barmaid. Several other tables and booths were occupied. Gradually Sara became aware that all the patrons of Lady Slippers were women. So it was true, Rachel was gay. And now Sara was in a gay bar with her!

"Why did you bring me here?" asked Sara. "I'm sorry if I ever gave you the idea I was gay. I'm a happily married women who is very straight."

"You are?" Rachel responded looking questioningly into her Sara's face. 

"Yes, of course."

"I don't think so Sara." stated Rachel confidently. "I think you are discovering that something is missing and that you are not satisfied. You are a gorgeous woman, Sara, and yet I sense you are confused because you are not being taken care of emotionally or sexually. Am I wrong?"

Sara couldn't answer. Rachel went on. 

"You deserve to be treated to the best life has and I would love to treat you to it. You don't need to feel trapped in a loveless marriage when you could be having the time of your life. Come on now, don't be so sullen."

Sara couldn't think straight. She was confused. She wasn't gay, she never thought about being with a woman sexually, at least she never dwelt on it. True, Rachel was one of the sexy women she knew and she had admired her physically. But that didn't make her gay, did it? Still, Rachel was pretty accurate in describing her marriage. What should do? How should she respond?

Sara was brought back from her private thoughts when Rachel grabbed her and hand and said, "Come on, let's dance."

Before she could offer a protest Rachel had grabbed her hand and pulled her out onto a nearly deserted dance floor. The music, while mellow was up tempo and they began to dance to recorded tune. Sara was aware that many of the patrons were watching them and she was very self conscious. She had always enjoyed dancing and there was something relaxing about letting yourself gyrate to the beat. But in a gay bar?

Sara noticed that Rachel was a great dancer. Her eyes sparkled, her hips swayed, her hair bobbed around her smiling face. When the song ended, Rachel laughed and made her way back to their booth as Sara followed. As they arrived, Rachel ordered another round of drinks, removed her jacket and took Sara's hand again, pulling her back out on the dance floor. At least it was a faster song. thought Sara.

This time others joined them on the dance floor and Sara realized that the others were paying her no attention and seemed to be truly enjoying themselves. She smiled. This wasn't so bad. Rachel smiled back and turned her back to Sara, shaking her shapely bottom to the music. Rachel was a very beautiful woman, thought Sara.

As Rachel turned back to face Sara, hands above her head, Sara looked at her smiling face and then lower her gaze down Rachel's body. For the first time she realized that Rachel wasn't wearing a bra and her hardened nipples were clearly visible against the material of her red blouse. Sara blushed although it was not visible in the dim lighting. Rachel smiled again continued to swirl. Sara tried to let herself go in the music and dancing.

She could enjoy this without it being a big deal, she told herself. She was enjoying it. The music ended. They stopped their dancing and just stood facing each other in silence. Sara was warm now. She took off her sweater and headed back to her seat. Just then the next song began, a slow song. Rachel grabbed her hand and said, "Oh no you don't." She pulled Sara back to the dance floor and then pulled her close.

Sara was scared. Rachel wrapped her arms around Sara and whispered in her ear, "Don't be frightened, enjoy yourself."

All of Sara's senses where alert. She could smell the sensuous perfume Rachel wore. She should feel Rachel's breath on neck. She could feel Rachel's nipples as they pressed into her own chest. She could feel herself becoming aroused! "Oh my God!" she thought, "What's happening to me?"

As if sensing her question Rachel again whispered into her ear. "You are beginning a journey which will take you places you have never been before. I want you to know what I know about the love of a woman. And besides, I wasn't just kidding when I talked about your sweet ass Sara, you are one sexy lady." Sara looked up into Rachel's eyes, not certain how to respond, and couldn't turn away as Rachel lowered her mouth to Sara's, kissing her softly. Sara's knees went weak. Her breathing seemed to stop. Her mind was a whir. Her lips parted. Rachel's tongue entered. She moaned involuntarily. Her arms embraced Rachel and pulled her tighter. She could feel her own wetness. What am I doing?
