 I apologize up and down, left and right, for this long hiatus -- The Internet is a fickle thing, which I wish was more accommodating to the nice customer that I am, or the company, rather. Anyway, nuisances aside, this took a little longer to write. I've had inspiration along the way, so I hope you enjoy, as always. (Please leave feedback!)

Just a reminder, all things that are actual people, places, or things in this story are in no way associated or affiliated with me in any way. Anything contained in this story that exists in reality that are incorporated in these works are no more than interpretations. Now that that's out of the way, I can move onto the chapter itself. The third chapter will mark the end of this installment, continuing on to the last and final segment of the Requiem series, titled, The Hidden Symphony of Sherron Fischer.

Cheers, x

-TAS

* * * * *

"Help will always present itself in times of crisis and need, all you need is ask." A bright, beaming glow illumined Veronica's surroundings, adding a graceful, sing-song voice filled with adoration for her.

The trees whistled and whispered her call, adding weight to the mysterious woman's words through the winds' sigh. Veronica's nude form reflected the glow, her alabaster skin giving the appearance of transparency. She cast her bangs out of her eyes, following the wind's caress of the limbs of trees, dancing along the branches and leading her to an open field. The rooted floor cushioned the soles of her feet; the soft, padded mud an infusion with the warm earth.

"Who are you?" Veronica called out, her voice scarcely a whisper. The air seemed dense, more so than what would be considered normal.

"A part of you. We are one. The heart will guide your steps through this passage, and the love that resides there will provide the strength needed to overcome this possible misfortune. That is, if the path does not stray from the desired direction, of course. Heed this warning; be cognizant of a choice you must make. Your answer will weigh upon a life, as it has once before. Know this now, and not later. Love is everlasting. It is eternal, however, every beginning meets its end, and an unraveling of distraught can create an upheaval. Focus your energy into what you already know. A price must be paid, but you must understand the cost."

The beatific sound lingered on her ears, resonating the warmth and wisdom to her core. A soft breeze passed through the dreamy meadow, the light fog in the distance acting like a fence of clouds.

"What choice? I do not understand. What price? What is happening in my life?" The flurry of questions rushed from her lips, unable to suppress them any longer.

"The answers lie within."

The voice departed the words with its retracting glow, its presence receding into the thick, floral vegetation. Shadows seeped through the canopy, casting Veronica in a familiar darkness. A white glow permeated the mists, shining down on her from above.

The moon hovered high beyond her, acting like a lamp to guide her through the twilight of the separation between two worlds: one she was acquainted with, the other more foreign and different. Tufts of light hung suspended in the air and in its wake, enclosing her in a bubble of serene curiosity.

The forest around her animated with life of the known and the unknown, cocooned the image in front of her, causing her to hitch her breath and pause. The image below the balcony of vines and trees was of another tree-infested clearing, and someone she knew: it was of her. On the left side of Veronica's twin, sat Sherron, one of her arms curling around Veronica's legs, her body molding to hers. Her stance was protective, as the leg closest to Veronica's image was hunched. The other leg was cast aside to hold balance, as the imposter's pale right hand raked long fingers in the honey-colored locks. On Veronica's right side stood a manifestation of Dylan, his arm around her waist. The other arm holding her outstretched hand, a diamond twinkling with a deep red-hue.

Looking on, Veronica gasped, observing the two significantly different colors: the left side several shades of blue and indigo, while the right bore vibrant pigments of crimson and orange. Sherron's cat-eyes were staring directly back at the visibly aware Veronica lurking from above the thick underbrush. Her irises became luminescent, as they shifted from hazel to gold, flowing through her to Veronica's clone's chest and eyes, both shinning with a powerful radiance.

Dylan gripped her clone more firmly, fingers digging into her skin, as his hand emitted a hypnotizing, carmine flare almost too seductive to ignore. The ring on the image of her person bore a near blinding ruby light, its heat and glow tangible from Veronica's position. A smug, satisfied smile draped Dylan's lips, as he leant inward towards her, kissing the side of her lips, wantonly. The right eye of her clone grew in size and color, mirroring the heat from Dylan's power.

The two sides were in complete contrast with one another, both standing for two distinct causes and truths. Before she could remember how to breathe, the dream melted into a pool of thoughts, until those too grew faint as the walls of her reality closed in; the physicality of the cruel and blessed world she knew well. The moonlight greeted her as an old friend, rousing her from her deep state of sleep.

Why did I dream of the two of them together? Do I know what that means? Veronica's inner voice whispered in her mind, the questions granting only silence, not answers. She harrumphed tiredly, dissatisfied with herself for not piecing together her dream more constructively.

Veronica rubbed her eyes with one hand, blinking forcefully to clear her blurred vision. Confusion gripped her as she felt a mattress beneath her body, and a big one at that.

"What the?" She started, but stopped, as a soft mass stirred beside her, the slumbering face snoozing on her other arm.

"...Hmmmmv..." A voice mumbled sleepily.

Veronica's eyes had grown more accustomed to the darkness upon waking, taking in the visibly slumbering form of Sherron Fischer. Her breasts were exposed, as the fur blanket that draped their bodies congealed in the middle, causing the material to ride up her thighs. She shivered, awakening Veronica's arm that her head was resting on snuggly. Vonni felt her breath hitch, as her greens drank in the sight of this incredible wonder of a woman lying beside her, resting so peacefully. She squeezed her within her arms further, feeling one of Sherron's limbs move of their own accord, tightening the both of them into a deeper embrace. Noses touching, eyes impossibly close.

Veronica's soft, dulcet breath fell on Sherron's lips, her eyelids twitching in response. She vaguely took in her surroundings, as her lover's lips brushed her own with each inhale of her lungs, sealing her fate with an inevitable kiss that would make her ears tingle, Vonni knew.

The supple pairs of lips met for a brief moment. Vonni's eyes closed, as her ears sent delicious vibrations to her groin. Her tongue felt as though a force was magnetically pulling it, as it attempted to break free from her mouth; but she refrained, ending the kiss with a satisfied sigh from Sher's dreamy face.

After taking a long look at her lover, she craned her neck around to try and familiarize herself with the bedroom she didn't recall seeing while in the lounge room earlier.

Was there a door I missed? She thought, as her vision granted her a spacious, circular room. A door was held ajar, leaking moonlight through the gap. She squinted her eyes a little, until she recognized the blurry forms to be furniture, the exact couch her and Sherron had fallen asleep on earlier.

No matter, she probably carried me off to the bed after we fell asleep... much, much later, Veronica inquired, as the clock on the end table adjacent to her read 5:27 AM. She estimated they had both been asleep for the past few hours following their passionate lovemaking. Yawning, a most curious and unwelcome thought crept into her mind.

Does this mean I've cheated on Dylan? Am I disloyal now? Veronica questioned, her hand hovering over her mouth as if to shield herself from saying it aloud.

* * * * *

A soft mewl drew Vonni's attention back to Sherron, lost in her own dreams, the abundance of hair she possessed fanned wildly around the pillow, framing it. But, what of that dream? I should write it down before I forget... Veronica attempted to reach for the notepad resting on the end table, however, she paused a moment before her fingers could grasp it.

...But I can't forget that. It's already with me... Vonni thought, as her mind granted images of the distant dream to her. It beckoned her lingering gaze to the sleeping beauty beside her again. The angelic face remained in its blissful mask snoring softly, a gap between her lips adding a pout to her expression.

Or is this... something more? I've never had this unique connection with anyone else. Complete strangers when we met, yet we hit it off immediately. You unmasked those layers and broke down the walls I built around myself just by your words alone. The most bizarre thing is... Veronica leaned away from Sherron, as she marveled at her ...there's nothing strange about it all. Sher's breasts were drifting to and fro with her deep breaths, the nipples hardening to tantalizing points, as Veronica observed from above. The rings that adorned them were enough alone to cause sensations to stir inside her.

Veronica felt heat rising within her body, the weak points and extremities tingling with delicious sensations. Her eyes became trained on Sherron's groin, artistically covered and draped with the fur comforter. Vonni bit her lip, thinking of what she wanted to do to Sherron. Her fair-skinned body became alive again, feeling hot for the woman snoozing beside her and wanting her till her legs gave out. Tensing, she removed the fur comforter off Sherron, the fabric sliding between her legs and out from under them. Veronica noticed how Sherron's clitoris stood at attention, sliding against the material. Her inner thigh twitched as the last remnants slid off, her sex open and naked. Exposed.

"Hmmmm..." Veronica hummed to herself, her greens slanting at her lover's sex, feeling her tongue lick and flick her teeth and lips wantonly.

I can't control my need for her; it just gets stronger and stronger. Such sweet music to my ears, to hear her moans for my love throughout the night. She looked on, staring at Sherron's most sacred place. She is right; I am just as flowery as she is when we're together... Veronica thought with a smile.

She felt carnality grip her loins, as her greens continued to gaze at her swollen center.

She needs to be bigger...

Vonni nuzzled her face into Sherron's neck, draping her knees around one of her legs, casting it aside. Her left hand roamed all around the sleeping beauty's body that was basking in a gentle slumber, ignorant to Veronica's intentions.

Thank fuck you sleep like a rock... Veronica chided to herself, smirking while her wet fingers danced along Sherron's clitoral hood, causing her to mewl in her sleep. Veronica felt her eyes hood, as she knelt and gently sucked the neck of her victim. Her fingers gripped the head of the bundle of nerves, feeling her firm up to the stimulation.

"Mmmmm.... babygirl..." She breathed into Sherron's ear, the raven hair falling into her eyes.

In a trance, she gazed at Sherron's clit, throbbing and aching at her touch, her fingers squeezing her excruciatingly slowly. Sherron's body moved and danced to a sedated pace, the beat being the pulse and rhythm of both their hearts. Veronica opened her eyes more, observing Sherron as she responded, quickly yanking her throbbing button. The sleeping lover's dreamy expression waned to one of pure delight, as Veronica's fingers pinched the base, sliding up and down, over and over with a methodical technique.

"Uhmmmv...... mmmh..." A drowsy voice mumbled while enduring Veronica's efforts.

* * * * *

Veronica's tongue glided along her neck, cheek, and ear in a repetitive manner, continuously driving tingles throughout Sherron's tortured body. The sleepy voiced cried out softly when Vonni's fingers pinched and pulled her clitoris, quivering from the abuse.

"I'm wanking you." She whispered on the heated ear, the light brown hair plastered to her cheek. Sherron responded with a whimper and began gyrating her hips in earnest, her bum fluctuating between rising and falling at alarming rates.

"Mmmff..." Sherron mewled, as Veronica witnessed her eyes fluttering, periodically shutting the lids tightly. She gasped as her climax neared, Vonni's eyes narrowing on her clit, which felt so yummy between her fingers.

She took her fingers away from the excited flesh, leaning over the mumbling semi-conscious minx beneath her, as she spread her legs as wide as they would allow. Veronica's arms slithered and curled beneath the sumptuous thighs, her cheek grazing the strip of trimmed fur. The action had the desired effect when Sher cooed a miraculous noise.

"Uhm... hm.... Vonni..."

Veronica's eyes closed in answer, those dreamy sighs echoing in her ears. Her tongue became unglued, licking and flicking the apex of the flower before her. She peered within the little space existing between the two of them, witnessing Sherron experiencing her wild dream; the REM sleep induced motion beneath her lids. The warm, wet muscle resting inside the full lips of Veronica Sutherland slipped outside its walls, coating Sherron's clitoris below. Her eyelids drew to a close lacking haste, using her imagination as a substitute to better her lover's morning orgasm.

"Uh..."

Flick. Lick. Circling the tip with a repetition.

"Oooof...huhmm... ahh..."

Leisurely suck. Draw her in with teeth, nibbling.

"...Oh, please, Veronica..."

Soft fingers entered her deliciously from behind, sinking inside with gentle force. Veronica had no idea how wet she was, until she had felt those gentle fingers, now moving with precision.

Veronica gasped with Sherron in her mouth, causing a chain reaction to occur with the body below her, visibly shaking from her lips. She glimpsed between their bodies again to find a sleepy Sherron, watching her with eyes that were clouded with slumber, hooded ajar.

Still eyeing her, Veronica regained her nerve, slurping on Sherron. Eyes popped as fingers dug in deeper, a faint moan escaping the lips of the flushed face.

"Oh my fu..."

Bite.

"AHhhhhchh!" Sherron howled and seethed, her arm awakening with the playful nip. Talons gripped and secured Veronica's raven bob momentarily, a few strands falling into greens, as the forceful hand directed her gaze to the trembling woman. The fingers buried inside Von had grown bolder, mixing them around, causing her to tremble. Delicate fingers padded the spongy texture recently discovered, pressing and searching. Devoid of self-restraint, Veronica howled and jerked back. She heard faint moans leave Sherron's lips, begging and pleading with her.

"I want... I... want you to come with me." A heated, drowsy voice whispered in a sultry tone. Breathing hard, Veronica slumped her face next to Sherron's pussy, repositioning her body so that her own kitty was directly in front of her lover's face.

"Oh, yes." Hot breath exclaimed over Veronica's nether lips.

"Mmmmmmmphh.... mhmm..." Leisurely licking and flicking her tongue, Veronica hummed her delight over and around the flower below her. Curling her arms around the sumptuous thighs, she spread them far apart. With her arms securely fastened, her hands achieved the same feat with the slick lips, her pearl sticking out further. Caught in her sights, she attempted to attack, yet the noises she heard and felt coming from behind her were quickly drawing her attention fast.

"Oh, Sherron... Oh, Sher... Ohhhh." Vonni squealed, feeling wriggling.

She felt an arm wrap around her lower backside, pulling her down firmly to the lips that awaited her. Feeling no embarrassment for it, she plopped herself down, resting her weight on the minx below her. Immediately, she felt herself being drawn between powerful, dreamy lips -- she couldn't help herself, the feeling was utterly divine.

"Ohhhh. Ohhhhh please. Uh... uhhhh... uhhhhhhmm...mmmmm..." Losing control of herself, she rode Sherron's face using her own strength.

It felt so good; she couldn't continue to resume her loving on Sherron's lips and bean. It took too much energy to even think in her state. She pushed back into the hungry mouth, wanting to be devoured.

"Suck me, beauty. Ohhh... Don't.... stop... Ohhhhhhhhhh yes." Stars were in her eyes, screaming and calling out her love for Sherron. Her lover replied by frenching her flower, biting and nibbling the soaked lips. A pause from the onslaught gave Veronica the precious moment to breathe, as she sucked in as much air as possible.

Opening her eyes, she caught sight of her prize below her. The full lips were seeking her, as they kissed the delicate skin around the folds. Vonni loved looking at how hot she made Sherron, the honey oozing out in a graceful way. She observed it for a moment, the room silent except for soft breathing, as she took her in her mouth once more, not letting go. Her lips wrapped, she sucked her in snugly, fittingly. Never letting go of her grip, the strong movement of her lips ignited a pent up scream of pure rapture behind her.

After taking a few precious breaths, Sherron attempted to steady her heartbeat, ultimately failing, as her breasts rose and fell with the crashing speed. Her brow furrowed, mimicking a look stuck between pain and pleasure, pleading Veronica. Begging her.

"You're so beautiful. My Veronica... my beloved... please..." She whispered silent murmurs to Veronica. Vonni felt fingertips padding that same tingle spot, the honey spilling out onto fingers, coaxing her, persuading her, pleading her to finish her.

Closing her eyes, she bobbed her head, sucking, drawing her in as far as she'd go, spreading and clawing the fleshy ass her palms were full of. The same thing occurred to her own pussy with Sherron mimicking her movements, fiddling with the hole not yet ventured.

"OH MY GOD!" Veronica screamed, only it was muffled with Sherron's bundle of nerves in her mouth, so it resembled more of a mumble. She whimpered when another digit was felt, sinking into her rear as though weights were attached. It became too much for her, letting Sherron's clit slip out of her mouth, resting with her lips still near.

"Oh, fuck... oh fuckohfuckohfuck..."

The climax of her orgasm was drawing near with the continuous quick motion of Sherron's hand, irrevocably dooming her to a monstrous orgasm. Vonni rested there for as long as she could, close to fainting as the precipice almost tipped. It was as she began to scream; she felt the tip of something rubbing against her lips, poking them. Without opening her greens, she planted her lips around Sher, the suction powerful. Sherron planted her feet, pushing into Veronica, as her lover did the same. When the third finger entered inside, her scream was evident and loud despite her lips being indisposed.

The both of them cried out with mumbling mouths as the climax reached its crescendo, the spasms flowing like waves. The trembling lasted for what seemed like ages to Von, feeling her walls squeeze Sherron's fingers, the tongue and lips that never deterred from their goal. They stayed in the same position, basking in the shared orgasm's afterglow spent for the time being.
