 Susan woke up early the next morning, went to her gym, did her usual routine and then headed to her office in the early morning to work on paperwork and answer emails from prospective students. It was a slow time of the school year, with finals done and graded, the administration was preparing a round of advertising schemes to help find more "clients" for the School of Journalism. Her cell buzzed as she waited at a traffic light. She noticed that it was Crystal who couldn't take her mind off how hot Susan was and wanted to connect at least via text, to tell her.

"You're so HOT! I want to see you again soon!" Susan glanced down at her phone and then accelerated the Honda towards her office. She wondered if choosing the final subjects for this documentary was going to be too tough to narrow down.  Especially if Crystal came through with a bunch of qualified hot women her own age!

She went through a few new requests in her inbox from the ad. Many were easy to screen out as not worth the time for a reply.  Many were obviously men who wanted to find a way in to meet all these women, which was almost too hysterically funny to ponder.  Susan was supposed to hear back from a Brazilian woman who had answered the ad but seemed a bit flaky. She wondered if she would show up at all.

Susan didn't have to wait much longer as her phone rang. The woman on the other end sounded interesting at the least. 

"Yes, can you tell me more about what is involved?" Asked Sonia as she wondered what Susan looked like as she heard the description of the project over the phone.

"I am really looking for an uninhibited woman who can enjoy talking on camera about her sex life, as it was growing up and as it is now. Is this something you can enjoy talking about, especially on camera?"

"Oh, most definitely, but my English is not as good as many of your previous interviews, I am guessing..."

"That won't be a problem, Sonia I can understand everything you have told me. I just have one question to ask of you, Sonia and if you don't want to answer it, its ok too."

"What do you need to know Susan?" Asked the voluptuous woman on the other end of the phone.

"I'd like you to describe what you look like, and think of me as a blind person who has no sight at all, so you can include all the senses." Susan knew that this test question usually brought out the best people for the type of interview she wanted to speak on camera.

"I have no problem at all with that ... Lets see I'm 42 now and have long, dark brown hair which is very shiny and healthy. I weigh about 170 and 5 feet 9 inches tall. I am considered a tall woman with strong arms. I love to swim and work out so my tummy muscles are firm. My breast size is a double D thirty- eight, and I have dark brown, very wide, dark brown nipples. My favorite fragrance is sandalwood and I almost always wear a very short skirt to highlight my muscular light brown legs. I also like to wear high heels and desire not to wear a bra if I am going out for a meal, unless a man is very bothered by my breasts, and then I wear a bra. I have been told I have very nice, full- figured arms. I shave my armpit hair along with my most of my pussy hair. I enjoy sex more with a very small amount of pussy hair. Oh yes, and sometimes I really enjoy wearing loose blouses which can sometimes hide my large breasts and then when I take it off men and women are shocked at how big by tits really are!"

Sonia paused for a moment and Susan interjected,

"I think that is a very good description of what I was looking for! " Susan said with an air of excitement not well hidden in her voice. The two women chatted about life in Brazil and America and sex entered the conversation more than a few times also. Sonia was very anxious to do the interview and meet Susan. The horny professor was extremely interested in hearing Sonia's story and meeting the beautiful woman.

"So, when can you come to my office to do this?" Susan asked, not expecting to see the woman for a few days.

"Well, I have to do a few more things today, but I could be there by 4pm today if you'd like?" Sonia wanted to freshen up an bathe before showing up.

"4pm today would be perfect!" Susan gave her the directions and the best way to park her car legally.

The college journalism instructor was very intrigued with thoughts of meeting a South American woman who was as beautiful as many of her fantasies of these women that lived in her mind. Susan went to the ladies room and decided to change into more comfortable attire, she looked at her shapely body, holding her tits together and fondling her labia in anticipation of her first meeting with Sonia later on.

A few hours later, Sonia was searching for Susan's office on the empty Journalism floor of the small college.

"Are you Susan?" Sonia had followed the direction explicitly to get to her office.

"Oh come on in please!" Susan escorted her to a comfortable chair around all the equipment.

Susan was delighted to meet the luscious woman in front of her now. There was genuine interest in discussing the questions Susan had prompted her to consider just a few hours ago on the phone. Sonia didn't seem so hung up on sexual attitudes like so many other middle aged women she asked.    

The sensuous professor had decided to ask her interviewees some very intimate questions and she just asked them without any warning. Some of the people she spoke to were obviously too uncomfortable speaking on the phone, never mind even considering going before a video camera, when confronted with these questions. The questions included:

1. How many times a week do you masturbate? Do you use sex toys and if so which ones?

2. Do you fantasize about another person other than the one you are living or married to?

3. Do you look at any erotic literature or pornography?

4. The follow up being: what kind of literature or videos do to you enjoy?

5. Do you think your lover is understanding and willing to try new things to satisfy your sexual appetite?

The questions were only a point of departure in a long discussion which was taped with a camera pre-set by the director. A small microphone is worn by the interviewee which picked up Susan's questions and the interviewee's responses.

Sonia gazed around Susan's office at the photos on the wall and the small gifts of appreciation from students and faculty she had collected through her ten years as a member of the faculty. She hadn't decided to go back to school as yet and was very impressed with the office. Sonia was excited about being part of this video project. She couldn't stop thinking about what Susan would ask her about her sex life. Her raw intense, sensuality exuded from her Brazilian pores, which attracted Susan to her at first glance. Her choice of wearing a low cut blouse, which showcased her sumptuous tits, and accompanied by the silver mini skirt she wore, always made men turn their heads when she walked by. Since it was still warm this early September, she wore those sexy heels which destroyed her feet. Her close friend Tia loved those shoes so she wore them to catch Susan's eye.

"So! Its so nice to finally meet you after that great conversation about life, sex and lust we had just a few hours ago!" Susan beamed at gorgeous Sonia.

"Yes! I loved that conversation. It gave me much to think about, and I am very pleased you asked me to be here!"

The truth was that Susan's subject made her horniness uncontrollable. Sonia was masturbating all day and had no errands to do before arriving. She had lied to Susan earlier. The middle aged Brazilian couldn't keep her favorite vibrator away from her horny pussy all morning, after their short conversation.

"I just hope my English will be Ok for you to understand. I speak much Portugese and Spanish but my English is a bit weak sometimes,"

"Oh, I'm sure I will understand you."

Susan motioned the gorgeous Brazilian woman to sit in a very comfortable looking chair facing the camera.

"Ok, do you see that microphone with the little clip on it? Why don't you put that under your blouse and clip it over on the edge... just by your collarbone," Susan said in a very business like manner, but Sonia was totally confused.

"I, I, Put it under my blouse?" Sonia looked at the tiny microphone and down at her blouse but was lost.

"Why don't you put it on me?" Sonia asked innocently.

Susan got up and walked to the exquisite woman who was sitting down and gently lifted up her blouse and put the mic under the colorful knit with her left hand as her right pulled the mic through the top, brushing gently by her sweet breasts. Susan could smell the fragrance of her bath oils and her sexy brown skin. She imagined for a split second what her nipples were like in her mouth. But she was determined to stay professional and get to the interview. Just the anticipation was making her pussy quiver in lust, Susan thought as she readied herself to go into her directorial mode.

"Ok, we're almost all set to go," she plugged in the mic into the cam and made sure everything was set ok and hit the record button. The small digital camera was recording for the next hour until she had to change the card.

"Oh, but where should I look, Susan. At you or the camera?" Sonia asked innocently.

The camera was positioned about 30 degrees to the side of Susan's face.

"Oh thank you for reminding me!" Susan said with a flush face, as she forgot to give explicit directions to her talent. Susan was seriously distracted from thoughts of film making.

"Sonia you can look at me, and by the way, you look absolutely beautiful today!"

"Oh, why thank you!" Sonia felt more comfortable now. She also noticed how sexy the college professor was dressed in a tight fitting outfit, which accentuated her shapely figure, and nice round tits.

"So, Sonia, Why don't you start with your name and how old you are if that is ok and where you live now and where you came from?"

Sonia was eager to begin and was a natural before the camera. Her soft lyrical voice was so pleasant to listen to as she told her story of attraction to both sexes and experiences with young men back in Brazil when she was in college. Sonia paused for a moment during her expositional descriptions of her early sexual experiences. She felt she could trust Susan with some very sensitive and almost shameful behavior she had engaged in when she was younger.

"Susan, could we stop the camera for a moment?"

"Of course, are you Ok?" Susan reached over and hit the pause button on the camera.

"There were something's I did when I was younger, that I am not proud of," the lovely woman's voice fell off into a place covered by long held secrets and shame.

"Anything you tell me here, stays here Sonia,"

"Thank you, I, know. I feel I can trust you Susan," Sonia said still looking down at the rug. Sonia paused and looked right into Susan's eyes for a moment. The two women seemed to understand how lust could obfuscate reason and sanity in the heat of passion.

"Back in the day, I modeled nude for a few magazines, you know for extra cash, and then one day visiting my older sister's house. I went up to my teenage nephew's room. He's a real hunk of a man now, but then he's just a young kid.  And, I walked into his room and, how do you say, he was jerking himself off to one of my photos he found in a triple x rated magazine!"

Susan could only imagine how great a scene that must have been. The entire story aroused the professor beyond belief.

"It was so embarrassing, but at the same time, when I walked into his room, he was shocked to see me, but I was SO aroused by his young stiff cock! I told him he could play with my titties and suck on them too," Sonia said. Susan could tell she was ashamed of her actions and wanted to relieve her of any guilt, but wanted to hear the entire story.

"Its okay, Sonia, you didn't seduce him, but please continue, I'm very interested!"

"Well, when I undid my halter top that day, he almost came immediately, he was so aroused!""

"And did you let him fuck you too?" Susan interjected.

"Unn huhh, he was good too!"

"Manny had a big strong body with a huge thick cock and when he came between my breasts, he sprayed a lot of his jizz all over my face, and then I sucked his cock dry. He was 17 then and he was able to come a few more times too!"

"We never told anyone, and he knew we couldn't engage in that behavior again, even though we both wanted to. He moved away to go to college but we still keep in touch now and then. You're one of the only women I've told this story to."

"You can trust me Sonia, and I can see why you couldn't tell too many people. It's a very stimulating story to hear and I wondered if you let your nephew do anything else that day?" Susan knew there had to be a bit more juice in that story, even if it was not on tape.

Sonia, demurred a bit and was very hesitant to admit any other acts, but she trusted this nice woman in front of her so she told everything.

"Manny wanted to suck on my pussy after he came, so I let him do that too. He was not as experienced as many others, but I showed him and learned fast.

"Did you sit on his face or did he go down on you while you reclined?"

"Ooohh Susan, you ask such detailed questions, I like that!" Sonia said smiling at her.

"I did, how do you say, straddled his face and then he grabbed my ass and sucked on my clit with a soft touch and I let him do it harder and harder till I finally came with all my hot juices filling his mouth. He liked it very much!"

"I'm sure he did," said Susan as she squirmed in her seat, trying to not show her arousal too much.

"Thank you for your trust in me Sonia," Susan said, with air of compassion.

"Can we start recording again?"

"Yes, of course."

After filling in a few more details of her sexual pursuits with women and other men in her life in South America Sonia looked more comfortable than before and trusted the interviewer with her secrets.

"Wow! You really covered so much for me there. I was a bit overwhelmed!" Susan knew she was fortunate to have such a beautiful, uninhibited person to interview.

She definitely shared more intimate details than anyone else had on her introduction, Susan thought. And because of the intimacy just shared between the two women, Susan felt her own desires churning in her lower abdomen. She wanted to be sucked and fondled by this hot woman. It was a struggle to stay focused on her questions for her project, but she pressed ahead.

"Sonia, today as an American, do you enjoy a lot of sex?"

"No, Not really enough ... I am always wanting a bit more than I get!"

"And do you masturbate on a regular basis?"

"Oh yes! I would say at least twice a day minimum!" Sonia said looking directly at the sensuous director.

"Hmmnnn, please continue", said Susan as she pondered how sweet her juices were to taste.

Susan looked right at her and kept her composure, as she wanted to get through the next series of questions before she asked her guest if she need a break.

"I was never a big fan of sex toys myself until very recently, but do you have any favorite toys that help you when you pleasure yourself?" Susan asked, almost blushing.

"Oh Susan, that is a such a personal question, but yes I do enjoy using vibrators and balls inside my pussy."

"Do you ever fantasize about someone else, to spice up a relationship, especially when you are with another person in bed?"

"Susan, I don't know if I am saying this right, but I am not monogamous person. I've always had multiple lovers with men and women," Sonia said smiling at her.

Susan decided to move ahead to the question about role- playing.

"Have you ever done any role playing where one person might pretend, to be say, a doctor or a nurse before the sex starts?"

"I have been very dominant in my life, you know. I do enjoy seducing someone and then getting into a scene where I totally control the sexual scene between myself and especially another woman, but I'm not into giving pain or using straps and whips. I do my thing with just using my sensuality and being very demanding and forward. Do you understand?"

"I think so," Susan said almost trembling in lust for this unbelievably hot woman in front of her.

Sonia paused a moment and thought about her past and remembered something else she had to share.

"Well, sometimes I really like it when a lover makes up a story about what they are going to have to do to me. Especially if they are talking really dirty to me before, that gets me aroused. Is that what you are referring to?"

"Hmmnn, So you do enjoy when someone talks dirty to you, and creates a scene that you may act out for them?" Susan asked her in clarification. She caught a whiff of Sonia's natural fragrance and desperately wished she could press her own body against Sonia's and feel the warmth of her thighs, her rich abundant breasts and inhale her scent. But Susan was too professional sometimes and it created problems for her these days. She had repressed her natural desires too long and they were spilling out all over her life now.

"Yes, I guess role playing is something very close to what I am talking about," Sonia said quietly, waiting for the next question.

Susan thought she was very close to losing her composure. She felt her thighs and lower abdomen burning with desire and she desperately wanted to get on her knees and part those silky brown thighs and suck Sonia's hot mound 'till she came. The horny documentarian struggled to keep her professional demeanor. She crossed her legs, then uncrossed them, but she felt the warm wetness between her legs increasing. She engaged in a millisecond fantasy where she imagined fucking Sonia with her strap on phallus. Instead, she leaned back in her chair and asked the next arousing question.

"What gets you off Sonia, do you prefer women or men?"

'Oh shit! Susan thought,' she couldn't believe she asked the question like that!

"Susan, that sounds like quite a personal question. Do you want to know or do your viewers want to know?"

"Good question, Sonia, " Susan said looking directly at the hot Brazilian woman with an intriguing smile on her face.

"Actually, I want to know, what's your preference?"

Sonia had seen this moment coming in her mind. Her sexuality was very important to her. She adored kissing and hugging women with large breasts and humping another woman with a double phallus between their pussies. She especially loved women who spurted copious amounts of cum juices when they came. She considered herself a free spirit and as such, knew that love had to enter the equation. Sex without love was empty. Sonia also wanted to love this woman, she could feel the warmth emanate from her and wanted to share that love.

"I love to suck on woman's tits like yours, I know you! You're just like me. I love to suck pussy A LOT! And then get a big rubber cock up by ass too! I'd love to take a shower with you and finger fuck you until our hot vaginas explode with floods of our come juices. I 'd love to cuddle and caress you until we fuck again and ride each other's pussy with that big strap on that you must have somewhere!" 

When Sonia finished her answer to Susan's provocative question she noticed how flushed Susan's face was with lust for her. Susan knew this was the woman she had waited for.

"This might be a good time for us to take a break," Susan said a she rose to embrace her new lover.

Sonia rose and removed the mic as she removed her entire blouse and thrust her large tits in Susan's face. Her large brown boobs bounced freely and were a irresistible site to Susan.

"Ohh, Susan let me undress you and lick your pussy right now!!" Sonia was breathing hard.

"Ungghhh, oh, yes, oh, oh, OH, OH YESSS.  Let me kiss you first, Sonia,"
