 Susan thought of all the things that made her feel good after sex. It had to be great sex too, with another beautiful woman who was attentive to her needs, and into giving and receiving great oral, anal and some submissive stuff thrown in too.

Warm fur, satin sheets, fleece lined slippers and warmed cognac. Susan desired a lover's touch as she caressed her back as they spooned one another, warming each other and softly and deliberately kissed every part of each other's body. A fire smoldering out as the wind whistles through the canyons of the cold city. 

She took a moment and looked outside to adjust her thinking past the statistical analysis, the dried, over-thought out concepts of a testosterone deprived man who wanted to make points with his superiors. She was reading the treatment of a documentary project that she was offered. Susan loved shooting documentaries but hated doing the research. She' d much rather hire one of the luscious grad students to do this, but this one involved too much pseudo porn and she'd get in really hot water if the department found out what she was working on when she wasn't teaching or doing university related tasks.

Susan was the program director in a Journalism School for a major university in the east. She had a okay marriage to an artist who loved her for her vibrant personality, but despite his adoration of her sumptuous body, he could not satisfy all her needs. 

Susan knew she had a problem with sex. She was always fantasizing about a current or former lover and always looking forward to her next orgasm. She masturbated regularly in the shower stall at her private gym, which was convenient to her office at work. On some occasions she was fortunate enough to share her pleasures with another woman or even an attractive grad student. Susan worked out regularly at the gym and had a very round and firm body, with long brown hair that fell over her sensuous shoulders and well toned arms. She had a proportionate figure, at 5 feet 8 with a beautiful pear shaped ass and firm, medium sized breasts. 

She had been commissioned to do a documentary on women's issues, specifically focusing on middle aged women and sexuality. A group of commercial cable execs wanted to see if they could generate some funds with a short salacious series on sex and the middle aged woman. The documentary would discuss the sexual transformation of middle- aged women in America, especially from a vantage point of bisexuality and increasing freedom of sexual expression. It was a tantalizing subject for luscious Susan who was still seeking to meet another woman as horny as she. This hot college professor loved the touch of another woman and yearned to fuck and suck pussy of any age and ethnic group. She had a special affinity for sex with large strap on phalluses and other sex toys.

She took a few hours one afternoon to write a quick personal ad which would be posted to a popular online site asking for women volunteers to share about their sexual fantasies, thoughts and emotions on camera for the documentary. Susan figured her research would take at least a month before she could actually interview the selected candidates with a real crew. In the mean time, she would use her own consumer camera to document all the interviewees, so they could be narrowed down to a select few. A few days went by and Susan had discovered that her ad was yielding a good amount of interested women.

Crystal clicked off the personals website when she heard someone coming down the corridor towards her cubicle. She was supposed to be researching something for the Dean and had to get moving on her real job, not her fantasies. But she couldn't stop smelling the fragrant scent of Andrea's body oils. Andrea worked in the next cubicle and the two women were good friends. The fact that Andrea had just married a total computer geek and seemed happily married, the total opposite of Crystal's idea of bliss, had not dampened their solid friendship. They had too much in common as girlfriends. They loved to go shopping and share their exploits with men. But recently, Crystal brought over some lesbian and bisexual porn vids during their weekend soiree. Stan, Andrea's husband was always working an extra shift at his job on a Saturday, which left the two thirty- year- old women to their own credit cards.

"Crystal, the Dean really wants that research by the end of the week, okay?" Andrea said, as she poked her head into her girlfriend's cubicle. Tomorrow was Friday, and Andrea was looking forward to a shopping spree. Crystal had something else in mind for her close friend Andrea, but also wanted to see if she could participate in this women's documentary.

Crystal discovered that the interviews were being held in another part of the campus. That would make it easier for her to hide any involvement if things got riskè, which she was really hoping for. A professor in the Journalism School was conducting them and scheduled her for an interview for 5:30, just after she finished working her job. 

Crystal almost always wore comfortable clothes at work. The dress code at the college was totally casual, so she happened to be in a sleeveless colorful blouse with black stockings and a short skirt. At home she chose to wear more masculine things including work boots sometimes and her favorite leather jacket. Crystal's passion was to dominate another woman, especially an older woman, even someone her Mom's age. She'd been successful with meeting some really deprived women and had made them her submissive in pain and bondage. She'd recently broke up with an older woman who wanted her to move in, but that wasn't anywhere near Crystal's plan. They went their own ways amicably.

Susan had been honest with Crystal in her email reply. She was really searching for older women who were bisexual but would consider meeting her for a drink at a local pub at 5:30. Susan hurried over there by foot, leaving her car in its spot with the intention of coming back in just a few minutes.

Susan was sitting in a small booth and caught Crystal's eye as she entered the darkened bar. Susan had propositioned many grad students in this place and even had a short history with one of the female bartenders who, lucky for Susan, was off that night.

Crystal walked in thinking that Susan may be some older woman, slightly gray with a frumpy body and bad teeth to go along. She wasn't expecting to meet an attractive woman who may just be her next submissive.

Susan spotted Crystal eyeing the bar first and parsing out who she thought may be Susan. Crystal ran her fingers quickly through her shoulder length brown hair, looking around the semi-crowded bar. Susan spied her through her vodka glass and then took the initiative and waved her over. Susan decided to stand up and greet the young woman when she approached.

"Crystal, thanks for meeting me her, on such short notice," Susan could be so cordial, almost to a fault and came off as insincere many times. Crystal saw right through the veneer of cordiality and took off her jacket, exposing her strong shoulders and smooth olive brown skin. Crystal was part Italian and Greek, a rare mix in this small college town.

"Thank you for seeing me and letting me find out more about your doc project!" Crystal answered, as she looked around for a waitress. She desperately wanted a whiskey and a beer. Crystal could hold her liquor with the best of them.

After ordering and offering another round for Susan, they chatted about the university but Crystal didn't want Susan to know too much about her, so she was deceptively oblique with her answers to Susan's first personal questions.

"As I told you in the email, my client really wants this to focus on older, mid aged women who can be candid about their sexuality and experiences," Susan restated to the young woman.

"I realize I may not fit into the mold that your client is searching for, but I may be able to offer you a resource that will be very valuable indeed for your research," Crystal said, coyly.

"And what type of 'resource' are we talking about exactly," Susan asked inquisitively. 

"Well, I happen to enjoy pleasuring many older women, and have a few numbers of some very sexy and available women who are in the exact age range you're seeking,"

"And what do you get out of this, if I may ask?" Susan was really hooked now. She imagined that Crystal was going to be slightly offended when she found out that she was too young to participate in the actual research.

"Why don't you come back to my place and I'll give you a firsthand demonstration of my cunninglinguistic talents, if you don't like what you see and feel, then I'll leave you alone. But remember, I do have more than a few contacts of women who will be interested in talking about their sex lives on camera," Crystal had more in mind than just sucking some pussy tonight, her instincts told her that Susan was a submissive woman and she'd make her beg to be taken any way the young dominatrix could imagine.

"Sounds good, let's go!" Susan said, taking the bait.

"I 'll gladly drive you home afterwards if you want, how far away do you live Susan?" Crystal asked as they walked towards her small sedan. 

"Are you always this upfront with yourself, or is it just around college professors and women past 40?" Susan inquired, feeling a bit weird about going back to this young woman's apartment after only a few drinks.

"Oh, I don't know. I just really enjoy being with older women, there's something about the maturity level that turns me on," Crystal said, almost in a sing-song voice.

At the first stop light, Crystal turned to Susan and told her she was very aroused after hearing about the project. Crystal placed her hand on Susan's bare leg and caressed her firm thigh as she drove home. Crystal sensed Susan's reluctance and hesitation in moving so fast.

"Nothing to worry about Susan, just two women having some fun tonight, okay?"

Crystal had a modest apartment in the working class part of the college town. When they entered the dark apartment, the young woman made her move. The only light came from a few small night-lights in the bedroom and the tiny kitchenette. 

"Show me your bathroom, I'll be right out,"

"Sure," she said and led Susan through to her bedroom and put on the bath light. A few minutes later, Susan came out and was surprised to see Crystal in her thong and push up bra. 

"You've got such a hot body Susan, come with me!"

Crystal grabbed Susan by the wrist and lead her to the bedroom which was completely dark and threw her on the bed. She jumped on her and pinned her down while she grabbed her arms and tied them quickly to her bedposts. She finished the ritual by roughly grabbing Susan's firm legs and tying them to the ropes she always kept ready on the lower end of her bed. 

"Oh Fuhh, oh my God, what do think you're doing?" Susan cried out. She hated when she cursed, and instinctively didn't complete her Anglo-Saxon expletive. A second later Crystal slapped her hard across her face and told her the way it was going to be.

"Ouch! you FUCK!" Susan was loosening up.

Crystal turned on a small lamp which had a dark red filter over the bulb and transparent lampshade over it, which gave the room an ominous glow.

"Listen, you're my slave tonight bitch. You'll call me Mistress. No matter what I do its 'Yes, Mistress,' you got it?"

"Yes Mistress," Susan mumbled, purposely.

"I couldn't hear you bitch, what was that?!" Crystal yelled as she took off Susan's shoes and began undressing her.

"Yes Mistress Cryst_all!" Susan yelled as the young woman quickly got her down to her bra and panties.

"That's a little better, bitch, I'll be right back, don't even think of trying to get loose, you'll just hurt yourself and make matters worse," Crystal said as she went into the other room to change.

Crystal came back in wearing her shiny leather boots, a black leather thong and her special leather push up bra, which made her 34C tits look more prominent. She carried a small tray of items which she placed on a night table and took the riding crop from under her arm and introduced herself once more to her submissive for the evening.

"You may be the director of your little documentary, but here, I'M IN CHARGE, and you will OBEY everything I order you to do!" 

Susan sniffled, she looked up at this imposing woman who was very sexy in a very subtle way, and nodded in the affirmative.

"What?!"

She whipped her arm back and let the crop do its task on Susan's thigh. It made a whooshing sound followed by a sharp crack, which made Susan yelp as the pain registered.

"Ok Mistress Crystal," Susan whimpered.

"That's better."

Somewhere deep in her mind though, Susan was terribly aroused. She could feel her cunt twitching as she watched Crystal move around in her leather boots. She desperately wanted so much to suck her pussy and feel the softness of her embrace too, but she knew she would have to wait maybe for another time, or not, depending upon how she was treated.

Crystal looked down at the older woman, she had a fine body for a woman in her mid forties she thought. She'd enjoy the treatment she was about to administer to the tenured professor of journalism. She came up to the bed and put her right boot right between Susan's breasts and told her lean up and kiss the bottom of her shiny boot.

Susan obeyed, slowly at first but kissed the shiny part of the tip of the front and not the bottom, dirty part.

Whack. Susan felt the crop across her back as Crystal made her do it properly the second time.

"Do you like this bitch, am I making you feel better now?" Crystal yelled.

"Yes Mistress, I feel better, but I'd feel even better if I you'd permit me suck your pussy too!"

"CUNT! How dare you ask me that so soon!"

But Crystal was a weak domina. She hadn't trained hard enough to do this long term and wanted to mount the horny woman and make her suck her needy pussy mound. She went back to the tray and grabbed her Ben Wa Balls and some lube. 

Crystal approached the bed slowly and kneeled in between Susan's strong legs. She caressed the inside of her soft thighs with her fingers and then ran the riding crop's tassel up to her vagina. She looked at her vulva and parted her moist lips with her fingers, gingerly and very deliberately placed some lube inside her pussy then inserted the Ben Wa balls and pushed them in a good way. Then she placed a small pillow under Susan's butt so they would press up against her G spot easier.

"You stay there bitch. Enjoy what I just gave you and be glad I'm not going whip you all night long,"

Susan had never felt anything like this before. She'd heard about this toy but was hesitant to try them for some unearthly reason. As she squirmed around the balls seemed to tingle and create a whole other, more intense sense of arousal that was so good. Susan felt the warmth of the balls as they stimulated her very sensitive spot. It made her more desirous of her Mistress and she desperately wanted to smell Crystal's juices and have a chance to suck her clit. She'd do anything she was asked of if she could just let her tongue glide around Crystal's musky clitoris.

Crystal left the room for a moment and came back wearing black garters and stockings, shucking her boots for high heels and a longer riding crop with more of a whip attached. She also changed into thinner, more transparent thong. She shaved most of her pubic hair, with only a neat thatch of hair on the topside of her vulva. Her pussy was getting more aroused by the minute as she thought about what she'd like to do with this woman while she was tied down to her bed.

Crystal walked up to Susan as she squirmed on the bed, her moist lubed pussy lips oozing some sweet juices and the silk line connecting the two balls sticking out of her neatly trimmed mound. Crystal ordered Susan to sit up which she could barely do, but the ties weren't that tight on her wrists and she was able to move up so that her Mistress could remove her bra completely, exposing Susan's pert nipples. They were a dark brown and her aureolas were an inch and half wide with large protruding nipples. Crystal teased them, pinched the left one and then took a plastic clothespin from the tray and put it right on the extended nipple.

"How's that feel bitch, you enjoying this?" Crystal asked in her most demanding voice. She loved pinching and torturing nipples and loved getting hers bend and twisted too. Crystal took some of the flavored lube and moistened her two fingers and applied a small amount to her Susan's hard nipples. She took off the pin for this but placed it back on with more pressure, making her submissive wince and cry out in pleasure and pain.

"Oh take me already Mistress Crystal, take my nips and pussy and fuck me hard, PLEASE!"

"Is that what you really want? How do you know I won't torture your soft pussy with a hard stick first?" Crystal asked.

The dominant woman yearned to jump on this luscious woman and suffocate her with her wet pussy juices, but she first had to show her who was really in charge of the pleasure and pain.

Crystal told her desirous submissive to sit up on her forearms and loosened the ties on her wrists a bit to allow this. Then she took the riding crop and placed it lengthwise under Susan's breasts and pushed up her lovely tits while she twisted the clothespin around slowly.

"Unnnghhh, oh fuck, yes, oh fuck yes YES, I love that!!" Susan cried as she enjoyed the physical abuse that Crystal was dishing out.

"You love what, you bitch?"

"I love what you're doing to my titties, Mistress Crystal," Susan complied.

"Please let me suck your lovely tits, Mistress, PLEASE?"

"NO, You'll do as your commanded by me not what you want, to please your lustful mind!" Crystal said, surprising herself.

But Crystal undid her own bra , stepped out of her thong and straddled Susan's firm, yet prone upper body. She couldn't hold back her own lust for this older woman who she yearned to tease and pleasure. She inched up slowly, her bottom rubbed against the clothespins, which caused Susan to wince in pain. She thrust her moist, shaved pussy into Susan's mouth and began humping her mouth with lusty abandon. Crystal's breasts bounced up and down wildly as she pounded Susan's face with her pussy.

"You want to suck my pussy, so suck me now, suck me hard and fast and make me cum all over your face, bitch!" Susan gobbled her clitoris up with her experienced tongue as the younger dominant humped and thrust her pussy from side to side and up and down, so that all of Susan's face was soon covered with Crystal's gooey juices.

"Ummmmpphhh, unggnhh, unnghh," Susan mumbled some unintelligible words under her breath.

Whoosh! CRACK! The crop slapped against the side of Susan's flank as Crystal demanded more tongue. 

"Get your tongue in my hot pussy bitch, all the way in, suck on my clit hard, bite it, BITE IT BITCH!" Crystal yelled.

Susan pursed her lips around the swollen nub and pulled it back as her teeth bit down, eliciting a loud cry of pain from her Mistress.

Susan felt the ties on her left wrist loosen from the movement she was doing and in second she was free and stuck her left two fingers in Crystal's pussy and finger fucked her fast and hard. She could feel Crystal's love canal tighten and a final few hard thrusts by this luscious woman on top of her yielded her first orgasm.

"Ohh, ohhh, unnghhh,, fuck me, fuck me hard Susan, fuck, I'm cummminngghhhhhHHHAHH," Crystal continued to straddle the older woman and saw that Susan had not had anywhere near enough of her pussy.

A torrent of her juices flowed out around Susan's mouth and chin, she swallowed as much as she could and kept on coming back for more. A clear sheen of the residue of her fluids were visible around Susan's mouth. Yet the horny professor couldn't suck enough of Crystal's fragrant pussy juices, and kept going in for more.
