 Marcie loved the mall on Monday afternoons. Hardly anyone else was shopping at the beginning of the week and the air conditioned stores were a wonderful refuge from the nearly hundred degree temperatures. Besides, the young men and women in the clothing stores, dressed their best and desperate to make sales, were a sexual buffet for a middle-aged woman who lived alone.

The entrance of a women's clothing store beckoned, one of the newer places where the high school girls liked to shop. Marci strolled in and immediately caught sight of a tall, heavy-chested blonde with a bored expression leaning over the cash register. The rest of the store appeared deserted and Marci decided to have some fun.

To her delight, a low table directly across from the cash register was loaded with sales items. Better yet, more merchandise was stacked on the floor under the table. Marcie walked over and picked through the contents of the table for a moment, then, back to the cash register, she bent at the waist to examine the extra things on the floor.

Marcie smiled to herself, knowing that her 40 year old body looked exactly as it had at 25 and would be sure to attract at least a glance from the salesgirl. As always on her shopping trips, Marcie wore very short shorts with nothing underneath. Hoping the girl had noticed her bare ass and smooth thighs, Marcie stood back up and turned to the counter.

The blonde was staring at her, no longer looking bored, fidgeting nervously with her hands on the counter. She was tall, at least eight or nine inches taller than Marcie, and couldn't possibly be over twenty years old. Large block letters on her nametag read, JUNE.

"Um, can I help you?" June managed to stammer.

"Why yes," answered Marcie sweetly. "Do you have someplace I could try these on?" She indicated a pair of bright red socks she'd found under the table.

"Well, you can try them on right here," said June, appearing slightly confused.

"Oh, I think I need someplace more private than here," Marcie replied with an amused smile.

"There's, um, a changing room over there," said the girl, pointing to the left of the counter without looking away from the older woman. She licked her upper lip unconsciously.

"That looks fine," Marcie said, breaking her eye contact with June as she turned toward the dressing room. She was delighted by the blonde's consternation.

Marcie entered the changing room, which was just a small cubicle with a bench, a mirror on each wall, and a shutter-like door. June took a step toward the little room as Marcie entered, calling, "Just yell if you need help or anything."

The door creaked closed and Marcie quickly stripped off her shorts, tossing them and the socks onto the bench. Her blouse was rolled up slightly and tied across her stomach. Standing with her back to the door, Marcie spread her feet apart wide and leaned forward until she was propped against the wall by her forearms. "June," she called, "I could use some assistance, please!"

Seconds later, the door swung back open and the leggy blonde was there, gasping as she took in the half-naked woman leaning up against the mirror. "Can you get those socks on me?" requested Marcie, smiling innocently over her shoulder at June.

June dropped to her knees without a word and found the socks on the small bench. Hesitating a bit, she reached out and grasped Marcie's right ankle with both hands, then began caressing the soft skin from the top of the older woman's foot to the bottom of her knee. Marcie purred loudly, encouraging the girl to become a little bolder. Her hands wandered up above the knee until they were massaging Marcie's upper thigh, the backs of her hands just barely grazing the lips of Marcie's shaved pussy.

"What a good girl you are; I'll bet you make a lot of sales," Marcie whispered. June didn't answer. She was enraptured by the firm ass swaying before her face. Eyes closing, she bent forward slightly to lick at the inside of Marcie's thighs while running her palms over the cheeks of her ass.

"Oh, that's good," breathed Marcie. She squatted down slightly, bending her knees out to give the tall blonde easier access to her now dripping pussy. June's tongue soon flickered out over the swollen lips, parting them slightly as she licked back and forth on the older woman's slit. Marcie groaned and pressed backward with her hips, shoving her crotch and ass against the girl's face insistently.

June responded by reaching around Marcie's thighs with both arms, pulling the older woman back against her mouth. She drove her tongue deep into the slick channel, straining her mouth to lick as hard as she could. One hand snaked its way forward to find Marcie's hard clit. A small series of shocks jolted through the woman's small body as the blonde's fingers pinched lightly at the sensitive flesh.

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes," chanted Marcie, reaching back with one arm. Hand on the back of June's head, Marcie pressed the blonde's face even harder into her crotch. The girl was eating her out in a frenzy, lapping and nibbling at the slick lips and pausing every once in a while to suck Marcie's clit into her mouth. When the blonde slid one thumb and her tongue into Marcie's opening simultaneously, the older woman felt the first waves of her orgasm hitting her.

"I'm cumming," she cried, not caring if anyone else had wandered into the store. "Keep going, make me cum!"

June complied with an even greater effort, rubbing Marcie's clit with the palm of her hand while stabbing her thumb in and out of the woman's pussy. She felt Marcie's inner muscles clench over her tongue briefly and the blonde began licking and sucking greedily as Marcie came, smearing orgasmic juices all over the lower half of June's face. When it was finally over, Marcie turned and bent over, kissing the younger girl and sliding her tongue into her mouth in a sultry manner.

"I think I'll be shopping here more often," Marcie said approvingly, tracing her finger down the bridge of June's nose and across her shining lips. The salesgirl just smiled, and reached out to pull the dressing room doors closed...