 The music playing was a soulful jazz tune and it only added to the surreal feel of these moments. Sara, without her husband anywhere around, was in the embrace of Rachel Peabody and, as frightened as she was, Sara was strangely aroused by this whole scene. Rachel had just kissed Sara, the first time she had ever shared a passionate kiss with a woman, and now they were swaying slowly to the music as Sara's head rested on Rachel's shoulder. Rachel's hands were softly kneading Sara's firm bottom as Sara's arms pulled Rachel close, causing Rachel's breasts to press against her own. It was nice, very nice, but Sara was so confused by her feelings. What should she do?

As the music ended, the two attractive women slowly stopped their dance and stepped back. Rachel let her hands slide around to Sara's, and smiling, she turned and took hold of one of Sara's hands and led her back to their booth. As they slid in, Rachel followed Sara in on the same side instead of opposite her as she had done before. Rachel grabbed her drink and lifting her glass said to Sara, "Here's to us!" She took two big swallows and Sara suddenly sensed she needed to join her. She raised her glass and allowed the drink to run down her throat and try to calm her nerves. She knew she would need the alcohol just to keep from running away.

"That was nice," said Rachel as she set her drink down on the table.

Turning towards Sara in the booth she went on, "My God girl, you are one hot little woman. I have wanted that for a long time and was certain that you did too."

"But, I never tried to encourage your advances." protested Sara.

"I know. But the message you sent me was loud and clear. You were feeling trapped in your marriage and while not wanting to get out of it, you knew there had to be more, right? More passion, more excitement, more adventure. Da da, Rachel to the rescue!"

Sara smiled. As confused as she was by this whole scene she knew two things at this moment. Rachel was a gorgeous, fun woman and she was aroused. She took another sip of her drink, then cleared her throat.

"I don't know why you think my marriage isn't working, but its fine."

"I didn't say it wasn't working. I am sure your husband loves you and you love him," replied Rachel. As she did so she slid her left arm around behind Sara along the back of the booth and placed her right hand on Sara's knee. "What I said is that you were feeling trapped, you knew that there had to be more to life than what you were getting in your marriage. That is what I saw."

"I don't understand. How could you know that from the few times you came by the office?" queried Sara. "A woman with experience knows. I knew you wanted to dance. I knew you wanted to kiss me. I know you want to kiss me again, right now." Rachel smiled warmly and with her left hand she gently pulled Sara's face closer to her own.

Sara swallowed quickly, her stomach full of butterflies, and glanced around the room. No one was watching them. She closed her eyes and leaned forward.

Rachel's soft, red lips lightly touched Sara's, and Sara again breathed deeply the perfume which Rachel wore. Their lips gently played with each other's, Rachel lightly kissing first Sara's upper and then lower lip. Sara, amazed by how sensuous this kiss was, so tender and unhurried, responded with a nearly inaudible moan of pleasure. As she did so Rachel pulled her closer still and her tongue began to ask admission into Sara's mouth. Sara's mouth opened and welcomed her. She began to suck on the probing flesh as Rachel began to explore the inside of Sara's mouth. Rachel loved these moments when she was in control and when she had called it correctly.

As the kiss continued, Rachel's right hand which had until now been resting on Sara's knee, began to slide up Sara's leg. Then it left her leg and found its way to Sara's right breast. Softly and carefully, Rachel began to press her palm against it and turn her hand back and forth, allowing her fingers to feel its sides and bottom. The sensation was wonderful for Sara. She had never been kissed or touched this way before. She had to admit, even though she was frightened, this was wonderful!

Sara's hands, which had been resting on the table's edge, now went to Rachel's hips as Sara steadied herself and responded to her growing arousal. As their tongues continued to dance, Sara moaned a little louder and that encouraged Rachel to continue her exploration of the married woman's body. With her left hand still behind Sara's head, Rachel's right hand returned to Sara's pantyhose clad leg and began to move up her thigh, gradually raising Sara's skirt. Sara became frightened and pulled away. Rachel let her go. "What's wrong Sara?"

"I don't think we should do this here," she replied.

"Oh honey," laughed Rachel, "They do a lot more than this here. But you are right, it is early and we don't want to rush things. Hey, you want to dance some more?"

Sara, sensing she needed time to think, nodded and they returned to the dance floor. Some more ladies had now entered Lady Slippers and several others were dancing to the upbeat song. Sara watched Rachel, again admiring just how beautiful she was. At 5'7" she was 3 inches taller than Sara. Her short blonde hair framed a lovely face with bright blue eyes and full red lips. Her breasts Sara imagined to be about a 34 or 36 C. Her curves were subtle yet obvious. She was fit and her dancing probably helped keep her that way. She moved like a sensuous cat, gracefully and purposefully.

Sara allowed herself to continue to dance with the music and began to look around the room. Three other "couples" were on the dance floor with them, as well as three ladies who all seemed to be dancing together. Around the room, others sat in conversation or eating as they drank. The bar was nearing capacity with women sitting and standing, many engaged in animated conversations. Sara noticed a couple in the corner opposite where she and Rachel were sitting who were locked in a passionate embrace. Sara was transfixed as she watched them kiss and caress each other, they were obviously becoming very aroused by their actions. And Sara was becoming aroused as well! But she turned quickly away, not wanting to be obvious in her observations.

As the music of this song faded out, Sara grabbed Rachel's hand, a gesture which seemed amazingly natural, and said laughing, "I need a drink." She led Rachel back to their booth and slid in ahead of Rachel and grabbed her drink and took several big swallows. "That's better" she said happily. Rachel eyed her intently, a slight smile appearing on her lips. "What?" asked Sara.

"Nothing," was Rachel's response as she continued to smile at her married friend.

"Come on, tell me what you are thinking right now." demanded Sara.

"You don't want to know," was Rachel's response.

"Yes I do, tell me."

"OK, I was just thinking how wonderful it would be to take you home with me and teach you all about the joys of loving a woman."

"Oh really," said Sara blushing. "And what would you do if I said I'd like that?"

"I'd drag your ass outta here so fast you wouldn't know what hit you."

"Well, I'm not sure I want to do that, I am married remember, but right now I am having more fun than I have had in as long as I can remember."

"Then I guess I just need to get you a little drunker and then have my way with you."

"Sounds like a plan," responded Sara as she began to laugh uncontrollably.

As Sara laughed Rachel couldn't help but feel that this woman would be special, a genuine lover who would give herself completely to satisfying and being satisfied. Taking a swig as she watched Sara laugh she couldn't believe her good fortune. She set her glass down and again took Sara's face in her hands and kissed her. Sara's lips parted immediately and she welcomed the advances of Rachel's tongue, again sucking it and then slipping her tongue into Rachel's mouth. Her hands also responded, taking Rachel's cheeks gently into her hands and holding her as they kissed. The kissed lasted a full minute and when it ended Sara said shyly, "That was very nice. I could get used to that."

"There is so much more I would like to help you get used to," responded Rachel. _ _ _ _ 

After another hour of dancing, and another drink, Sara's third, the two had become quite loud and were drawing the attention of several of the other patrons. Rachel decided it was time to move this evening along.

"Do you want to go out for Italian or do you want to go to my place and order Chinese?"

"Ummmm? I dunno, what else can we do at your place?" asked Sara.

"Whatever you'd like darling."

"Then let's go to your place. But you better drive cause I think I'm getting drunk."

Laughing, Rachel reminded Sara that they had come to Lady Slippers in Rachel's car. This reminder only fueled Sara's hysteria. Rachel stood, and pulling her linen jacket back on, picked up Sara's sweater and suggested they should head out now. Sara looked up at Rachel, a sense of excitement mixing with her apprehension. "I hope you will be patient with me, I've never done this kind of thing before, ever!" 

"Sara, my sweet thing, I will take all the time you need." Rachel's smile was so warm and inviting, Sara wanted to share this evening with her new-found friend, but was still very much afraid of where this was all leading.

Rachel pay their bill and left a generous tip for their waitress and then took Sara's arm and led her out of the club. When the valet returned Rachel's car, the two climbed in and off they went, heading for Rachel's townhouse. From her cell-phone she placed an order from her favorite Chinese take-out place and, after consulting with Sara, agreed they should pick up some wine on their way home. It was almost 8:00 when they arrived at Rachel's place and Sara was beginning to wonder if she had made a mistake. The alcohol had her feeling queasy and her emotions were in a state of turmoil. She knew she loved her husband and was quite certain she wasn't gay. Still, the sexual tension she was feeling with Rachel was unlike anything she had ever experienced before. Rachel had thus far shown herself to be a very competent seductress and Sara sensed she wanted to experience much more with this vivacious friend.

After parking the car in the garage which occupied the first floor of Rachel's townhouse, along with her basement storage and the laundry room, they ascended the stairs to the main floor. It included a living room, bathroom, kitchen with breakfast nook and a dining room. Rachel mentioned that her bedroom, spare bedroom and bathroom were all located upstairs. Rachel turned on the front door light for the delivery boy, put the white wine on ice and took Sara's sweater and laid them on the table in the kitchen. She then went to her expensive entertainment system and put on a jazz CD she told Sara was one of her favorites by the group, appropriately named, Fourplay.

"What do you think?" asked Rachel. "Very nice," was Sara's reply. Sara, still trying to get her bearings in her somewhat drunken state, wished she had eaten something before now. As she surveyed the townhouse she was impressed by its simple elegance. This was elegantly yet simply furnished. What furniture she saw was expensive and yet still functional. There were very few wall-hangings or photographs, but Rachel seemed to have a large number of books and an extensive CD collection. The televison was modest and didn't seem the center of attention as it is in so many male dominated homes.

Rachel noted, "The food should be here soon, I'm starving, what about you Sara?"

"Yeah, I am too."

"You ready for some wine?"

"No thanks, I better cool it for the moment." replied Sara.

"Do you mind if I have some/" Rachel asked as she got out 2 wine glasses from her cupboard.

"No, not at all."

"So, sweet Sara, what are you thinking about me right now?"

"I dunno, I guess I am wondering what I am doing here and what my husband is doing in Worcester?"

"He probably doing the same thing I am?" laughed Rachel in reply.

"What do you mean?" said Sara.

"I mean," replied Rachel, "He's probably found some lovely married woman he is trying to seduce."

Sara blushed and felt a jealous anger begin to rise up within her. "John isn't like that." she said. "And neither is Ross. They are both happily married men."

"You are still not listening to me, Sara. I never said he wasn't happily married, I just know most men can't keep it in their pants when they get out of town, and I doubt your husband is any different. I don't know your husband or this Ross character, but I would bet you they are both looking to score. Don't be offended sweetie, I am too." A big smiled swept across Rachel's face and her eyes sparkled. She was pouring herself that glass of wine.

"And tell me again," said Sara. "What made you think I would be interested in you?"

"A sixth sense I guess. Ever sense I first met you I have sensed a desire on your part to break out of your predictable life and experience the excitement of life. I just went with my instincts, and so far I think they were right." With that Rachel took a sip of her wine and then set her glass down on the breakfast bar where she was standing and Sara was sitting. She moved close to Sara and leaned down to kiss her again. Sara's mind protested her acquiescence but her body was far to anxious to see what lie ahead to stop herself from willingly meeting Rachel's kiss. As their lips came gently together Sara's eager mouth betrayed her by opening immediately to Rachel's advances. She reached out and pulled Rachel close they continued their kiss. Rachel moved close and attempted to have her legs surround Sara's knee and press it against her warm mound, but her skirt prevented it.

Breaking the kiss Sara said, "I am not sure what you want me to do, or even what to do."

"Sara, you just follow your own instincts and my example and we will share a night to remember."

"OK," was all Sara could muster for a reply.

Rachel took another sip of wine and asked Sara if she was ready for a glass. Sara declined. But in a move that startled even Sara, she reached out and took Rachel by the hips and pulled her back to where they could kiss again. As Rachel closed her eyes and bent down to kiss Sara, Sara's hands slid around and began to squeeze Rachel's firm ass. Rachel smiled to herself thinking Sara was a quick learner.

The doorbell rang and they broke their kiss. "That will be the food." said Rachel. She got her purse and went to the door to pay the delivery boy and smiling she gave him a large tip as well. She returned and placed the food on the counter top. Sara looked at it and then back at Rachel.

"If we stop to eat," she said, "I am afraid I will lose my nerve."

"We can eat later then." Rachel took Sara's hand and without a word they walked to the stairs.

Rachel switched off the downstairs lights and switched on the upstairs hall lights. They ascended the stairs together, fingers entwined. Sara followed Rachel down the hallway and into the master bedroom. When the light was turned on in the bedroom Sara saw the large four poster bed with matching night stands on either side. A large chest of drawers stood on one wall and above it was a large mirror bordered on either side by small shelves. Further down that wall was a window and on the opposite wall was a large closet, the doors of which were full length mirrors taking up nearly the entire wall. Rachel went to the window and drew down the shade.

Next, Rachel went to the chest of drawers and lit the two oil lamps which were on either end.. Returning toward Sara, Rachel flipped off the switch which darkened the lamp it governed. The only light now came from the golden glow of the oil lamps. Rachel returned to Sara who took a long slow deep breath. She summoned up all her courage and looked questioningly at Rachel. Rachel smiled. "Relax, Sara. And enjoy."

With that Rachel began to unbotton Sara's white cotton blouse. Sara, her hands trembling slightly, began to return the favor for the taller blonde. When Rachel had Sara's blouse unbuttoned, she pushed Sara's shoulder length auburn hair back from her face and slid her blouse off her shoulders. Sara dropped her arms just long enough to allow her blouse to fall to the floor and then she continued to unbutton Rachel's silk top. When it was undone to the waist, Sara followed Rachel's example and slid it off her shoulders and Rachel let it also fall to the floor.

Rachel again moved closer and kissed Sara. Sara, now accustomed to the blonde's kisses, opened her mouth in anticipation of the probing tongue. While they kissed Rachel reached behind Sara and unbuttoned her dark blue skirt and then unzipped it. It fell to the floor around her ankles.

Rachel broke their kiss and held Sara at arms length. Sara, now covered in her slip, steeped out her shoes and kicked them to one side. Rachel did the same. Rachel then twisted her skirt around and unbuttoned and unzipped it. The short, tight black skirt only fell after Rachel twisted twice more. Rachel had on a camisole and half slip. She pulled Sara to her again and as Sara's head grew light she again was locked in a passionate embrace and kissed Rachel hungrily. This time she was conscious that Rachel's nipples had stiffened and were pressing into her own breasts. This was a very sensual experience for Sara who happened to open her eyes and catch a glimpse of their reflection in the mirrored doors of the closet. The sight of two women locked in a passionate embrace, clad only in lingerie was extremely provocative for Sara. Realizing she was one of the women only heightened her arousal.

Rachel ended the kiss and began to slowly pull up Sara's slip. Sara raised her arms over her head to enable Rachel to complete her project. Once it was removed, Rachel threw it aside and invited Sara to remove her pantyhose. While Sara was busy doing that, Rachel pulled off her half slip and tossed it over with Sara's slip. Sara did the same with her pantyhose when they were removed.

Rachel now guided Sara to the bed and patted it, indicating that Sara should climb up. As she did so, Rachel pulled off her camisole and tossed into the growing lingerie pile. For the first time Sara saw Rachel's luscious breasts. They were larger than her own, drooping only slightly, with light pink areolas and nipples which protruded about half an inch. They were gorgeous, thought Sara, and begging to be sucked. Almost uncontrollably, Sara lowered her mouth and placed her lips around one of the lovely nipples. Sucking it slowly into her mouth she heard Rachel moan her approval.

_ _ _ _

(To be continued.) 