 My name is Lydia. I am your average 19 year old female. I'm 5'3'', 128 lbs, and have pretty nice curves. The only difference between me and the others.. I'm still a virgin.

It's not that I'm not interested in sex, I just never found the one person I wanted to engage in sexual activities with; until one day, while I was shopping in the mall with my mother.

My mother had pulled off several dresses off the racks of the department store for me to try on. She didn't say much, just piled the clothing high into my arms. When I had 17 different cuts and styles of dresses, she ushered me into the dressing room and waited outside.

I only needed one dress, that's all. Just one. I had a huge party coming up for my friend's 21st birthday and we were going clubbing, which is something I have never done. My mom insisted I look decent and not wear my typical jeans and a t-shirt. I just rolled my eyes.

After I tried about 3 dresses, my mom peeked her head into the curtain of the dressing room and told me she was going to go grab a few more things. I just nodded and went back to my monotonous task of trying to find a dress.

I was rudely interrupted.

I had just turned my back to the curtain after sliding this crimson red sparkling tube top dress up my waist when someone ran into the dressing room I was in and knocked me head first into the mirror. She quickly turned around, eyes wide.

"Oh my God, I am so sorry!"

"Um, this one is occupied, obviously. Could you please go to the next room?" I asked.

She just stood there and stared at me. A guy walking down through the dressing rooms hallway was yelling out "Mandy" at the top of his lungs. She just put her finger over her lip and shushed me. When she was certain he was gone, she dropped her finger and smiled.

"I'm Mandy. Again, I am so sorry for bumping into you. That was Rex, my ex boyfriend. I just broke up with him and he thinks he can chase me around this entire fucking mall to get me back. And you are?" She held out her hand.

"I'm annoyed and trying on dresses. Could you please just go?"

Mandy just moved her body to the seat in the room and curled her legs up to her body. I could tell she was set on not leaving this room so she wouldn't have to deal with her ex. I just rolled my eyes and pulled the tube top dress up all the way, adjusted my 34C breasts and looked in the mirror. My mother was crazy if she thought this dress was any type of appropriate.

"I like that one. It looks good on you." Mandy said.

I looked over at her and just rolled my eyes. How could this random stranger be sitting in my dressing room telling me what she likes? I quickly removed the dress and threw it at her. "Here, you can buy it!" I pulled my jeans up and threw my shirt on and stumbled out the room. I met my mom and grabbed her arm and quickly ushered her out of the mall. She was dumbfounded, but obliged.

The next day, I went to another store, by myself. I figured I could successfully pick an ensemble out that would be appropriate for me. I walked into "Bel Heirs" which was a fancy upscale clothing store on the strip. To my surprise, there was this freak of nature working there that so conveniently interrupted me the day before. "Hi, welcome to Bel Heirs" she boasted with a smile. She quickly moved over to me and, upon realizing who I was, stepped back a bit. "Wow, I can't believe it's you. I feel like I never got to formally apologize for yesterday."

"It's whatever. I need a dress. Can you please help me and just forget about yesterday?" I asked.

She smiled and nodded her head. After about 5 minutes of her rustling through shelves, she found 3 dresses she thought would fit me and pointed me to the dressing rooms.

"You're not going to barge in again, are you?" I asked.

"Only if you want me to," she said with a wink.

I went into the first room and quickly stripped. I hadn't worn underwear today so I could make sure the dress would fit me tightly and show no inappropriate lines. I slid the first dress up but I couldn't get it zipped all the way. "Shit!" I yelled.

Mandy knocked on the door and asked me if everything was okay. When I told her my troubles, she peeked her head inside the door and asked to come in to help. I obliged, but only because she had already seen me naked anyways.

As she was zipping the dress up, I could clearly see her face in the mirror. She was beautiful. She had reddish brown hair that curved her face perfectly. Her eyes were a light grey color and her smile was radiant. I hadn't realized she was done zipping until she caught my eyes staring at her in the mirror. She took her hands and ran them down my arms to my waist, then grabbed my hips and smiled.

"It's a perfect fit."

For some odd reason, her running her hands down my arms gave me electric sparks flying through my system. If I were ice, I would've quickly melted there on the floor by the heat her touch radiated through my body. I spun around and looked directly into her eyes and then she did the unthinkable.

She kissed me.

Her lips were so soft and plump against mine. They moved in perfect rhythm with mine. Her tongue slid into my mouth slowly and caressed my tongue as her hands moved back to my ass and she grabbed it. My pussy began throbbing and tingling, begging for more. As we kissed, I felt her hand go up my back and slowly unzip the back of the dress. She then kissed me from my cheek down to my neck and bit at it lightly, just as her hands were removing the dress off my shoulders, exposing my breasts. My head was spinning, my heart pounding, and my thoughts swirling. I wanted this girl. I had never wanted someone so badly in my life like the way I wanted her.

She kissed down my chest and then slowly flicked her tongue against my nipple before her mouth took in the whole thing and began to suck. My hands found way to her hair and I rolled my neck back and let a small moan ripple through my body. Her lips went to my other nipple and sucked on it with the same intense pleasure as the first. 

She then pulled away and asked me to stand on the bench. It didn't take long after I climbed up before she had pulled the dress all the way off my body. Her lips gently kissed around my belly button as her right hand moved up my left leg, then she grabbed my leg and threw it on top of her shoulder. She kissed my inner thigh and then I felt her tongue glide ever so softly over the top of my freshly shaven pussy lips. I was already soaking wet from the nipple play. She looked up at my and smiled, and then her fingers parted my pussy lips and she began sucking on my clit. My right hand grabbed and tugged on her hair as my left hand grabbed the clothing rack bar tightly. I had never had anyone touch me in my private spots, let alone lick and suck on them.

She began digging her face into my pussy, pulling and sucking on my clit with her lips. Her left hand slid up and found my dripping wet virgin hole and two fingers slowly circled around the opening lightly. I moaned and pulled her hair harder just as she darted those fingers into my dark abyss. She quickly began thrusting them in and out of me as she was sucking on my clit. I bit my lower lip and moaned louder, the sound echoed off the dressing room walls.

I began grinding against her fingers and her mouth. I was nearing an orgasm and she could feel it. She pushed her fingers in deeper, curving the tips of her fingers to hit my most sacred spot. I squealed just as my body came under the pressure. My juices flowed all over her hands and dripped down my leg. She slowly removed her fingers, licked all the juices up from my thigh and then began sucking on my still dripping hole. I could feel her tongue darting in and out of me gently and then she pulled back and dropped my leg down. I slid down the wall with a plop and her lips found mine. I could taste my sweet nectar on her tongue. I had never tasted myself but I was pleased with it.

She then pulled back and looked at me, brushing a few strands of hair from my face.

"Can I ask you what your name is?" she said with a smile.

I let out a huge breathe of exhaustion and let her know who I was.

Mandy and I began a relationship after that moment. We both agreed she "formally" apologized for the mishap the first time we met. I found ways to escape my parent's house to be with her every day. We haven't graduated to dildos and strap-ons just yet, but she has bought them with promises that we will someday get to that point.