 The mall seemed surprisingly quiet today to Raine today. Maybe because it was early on a school day or maybe because the kids were not with her...not having them to cater to makes every trip out seem so much easier. Her mind raced as she strolled down the wide halls of the new mall, every store looked like one she'd never been in before even though she had shopped them all at one time or another. Guess it was the fact that this mall was brand new and everything was so clean and shiny. Or perhaps it was the fact He told her to go.

Victoria's Secret was having a grand opening; free items were being handed out and there must have been two attendants for each person shopping. A taller, dark haired woman asked is she could help...

"Sure I'm looking for a matching set, something a bit lacy and a little exposing if you know what I mean." Raine blushed.

"I have exactly what you are looking for; they are my personal favorites," she replied. In an intimate gesture, she took Raine by the hand and led her to a display in the back corner of the store. Several examples of lace panties and matching bras hung there, all shapes and sizes, not to mention colors. "What do you think?" she asked, her green eyes sparkling with excitement.

"I love them, what would you recommend?" Raine replied.

Both of them selected several pairs, all very seductive and just picking them out was arousing Raine. She felt her nipples harden. The attendant insisted on joining her in the dressing room, commenting on how nice she looked and reassuring her that it was common to consult. 

"All the fine stores are going to this now – more personal shopping experiences." 

Once inside the changing room, Raine started to undress but felt a bit uneasy doing so in front of this beautiful woman. 

"Here, let me help," reaching out to take her shirt. As her jeans slid down her legs, the dark-haired woman knelt and slipped them off her ankles. She placed the jeans on a hook and returned, standing behind Raine. 

The feeling of being naked in front of her caused Raine's belly to flutter. As Raine unsnapped her bra, she noticed her nipples were rock hard and extended and that her breasts felt so full and heavy. 

"I can help with these," sliding her thumbs inside the band of her panties, the attendant slid them to the floor. "You are very beautiful; these new sets will look fabulous on you," she said as she caressed Raine's naked calves. Oh God, what was this woman doing to her.

Raine stepped out of her panties and as she did, the woman slowsly slid her hand up her inner thigh. Startled, Raine froze in place. She needed to move, this is not what she came here for, but was that true? That flutter in her belly was now moving up her entire body and as the attendant moved closer and closer to her freshly shaven pussy, the flutter became more of a throb – an ache. 

"I am sure these will fit perfectly," she said as her fingers came in contact with my now very wet pussy. 

Raine's nipples were throbbing and a rush of excitement filled her head. She had cum from the touch and was frozen. She felt a long finger slide in to her and a soft moan escaped.

"Are you ok?" she asked softly.

"Yes," was all Raine could manage to say. The woman's face was now inches away from her pussy, she knew she could smell her sex as her tongue touched her so delicately. Looking at this gorgeous woman licking her, Raine felt amazing. She pinched her own nipples and squeezed her breasts as the dark-haired attendant licked her and lapped at her generously, decadently. Raine spread her legs a bit to allow better access and arched her pelvis forward to expose more of herself.

She'd never before felt anything like this woman's tongue. Sure she's been licked, many times, but never by such a beautiful, sensuous woman, and never in such a public risky place. 

The dark-haired attendant was standing now and had removed her own clothing. Through her bra I could see small perky breasts with pointed nipples about the size of Raine's but much darker. She was so lovely and sensuous looking. She reached back and quickly removed her bra ...wow, her breasts were beautiful, Raine thought. 

Raine leaned over and touched one; leaning further she pulled one of the dark nipples in to her mouth. Her pussy was dripping and she was in desperate need of another orgasm. The dark-haired woman turned, facing away and removed her panties. Kneeling behind her, she slid them down. Her ass was nice, round and full and very smooth.

As Raine knelt behind her, she slipped her hand between the dark-haired woman's legs. She was not smooth, in fact, she had a landing strip of hair. Her lips were slick with her juices. Raine kissed the back of her thighs, running her tongue to the bottom of her cheeks, then between them. She could taste the juices of their activity and it made her even more aroused. 

What would He think? Why can't He be here watching? And then she thought to herself – He is. He's always with you, she thought. He'll hear each word and every thought. She smiled to herself and went on.

She licked and tasted her again and again, licking and hearing the attendant's moans of pleasure. The woman was gripping the rail in the dressing room and she exploded. Raine noticed her cum tasted differently from her other juices. Her pussy was glistening with cum and saliva and it was so beautiful.

"I must be going and helping other clients, but I want to see you later – again – sometime. Is that ok?" the attendant asked as she dressed and with a gleam of want in her eyes. 

"Yes, I want that. I want you. Would you be interested if my Master joined us – me coming here was His idea." Raine bravely asked.

Her eyes lit up. "If you coming here was His idea then I owe him a debt of gratitude. We'll continue with him. Here's my card – my home number is on the back." She rushed out. Quickly she turned around, "What is your name?" she asked.

"Raine," she responded.

"I'm Keely, Raine." She quickly kissed her lips, licking her bottom lip and ran out the dressing room. Raine heard her professional voice as she dressed and couldn't wait til He got in to town so they can have more.