 It was early spring, as two girls were getting bored in their classroom, caused by some old fool who thought he could interest a whole bunch of 18/19-year-olds, ranting on about Latin poets. Unlike Catherine, who was able to just put her head on her desk and take a nap, Jasmine couldn't sleep for a few minutes, since she sat on the front row. Besides, she wouldn't even want to fall asleep, knowing her neighbour was checking her out wherever he could. Jasmine knew she was kind of a lust object, though that wasn't exactly a big surprise. She was about 5"6', had an average weight, a couple of firm C90 breasts, and a fine ass. She had blue piercing eyes and light brown hair, with some blonde accents in them. Catherine, on the other hand, was slightly less tall, let's say 5"4', was also average weighted, had a B70 cup, and was well-curved. She had recently coloured her hair a bit, and the result was a good-looking blonde style and blue-greyish eyes.

"And so we see that Virgil actually is willing to explain his readers that..." The teacher kept ranting, while Jasmine's thoughts drifted off. She looked a while at her teacher, remarking all kind of unappealing stuff, but she soon got bored of that as well, so she started to look around in the class. After a few moments of scanning, her eyes rested on Catherine's face. Without being able to help it, a sly smile crept into the corners of her mouth. She looked like an angel, while 'sleeping' on her desk. 

Catherine and she had been friends for over a year now, and they had quite a close bond, since they were the only two of their crew who had already have sex, and were popular with the guys. Whenever they'd have problems with their boyfriends, they'd talk to each other to sort the mess out, and they felt really good around each other. It had been remarked by a few of their friends that Catherine and Jasmine were actually really close to each other. Except for massaging each other as one of them was stressed, they greeted each other in the morning by kissing each other's lips for a single second.

It was all meant pure friendly, though both of them had have some 'kissing' with girl friends, just for trying and seeing how nice it was. Catherine would often joke to whoever, spreading silly things as "I'm bisexual, so what?" She knew she could say such stuff, since she was popular as hell, and no one would ever believe one of the hottest chicks in school was into her own gender.

Things were pretty good for the two girls. Jasmine snapped back into reality as the bell rang the end of the lesson. She grabbed her school bag, and lifted her jacket from her chair as she rose up. Catherine appeared next to her, backpacked and having 2 tennis rackets in her hand.

"You didn't forget we were going to play, did you?" Catherine smiled.

"Of course not, babe. I've my clothes and everything." Jasmine flashed a grin back.

"Good! Come on, let's go." Catherine suggested, leaving the classroom. School was out, and most of the students went to a square near, to have a few drinks in the local pubs, smoke some cigarettes and so on so forth.

Catherine and Jasmine jumped on the bus, which would bring them to their tennis club. They arrived 20 minutes later, and went immediately to the changing cabin, to get dressed. They were all alone, and Jasmine couldn't help but looking at her friend as she took off her T-shirt. As Catherine stretched herself, she could clearly see two scars on the girl's sides, which worried her, since Catherine had a few cuts on her left arm too, though they were well hidden by her watch.

"Catherine... Did you restart again?" Jasmine asked, a hurt tone in her voice.

"Restart what?" Catherine asked confused, though she crossed her arms rapidly.

"Don't you dare to play that game with me. This." The brunette replied, grabbing her friend's arm tightly and turning it over, so the scars became visible. "And this." She added, laying her hand upon the blonde girl's side. Catherine hissed in pain, and pulled away.

"It's none of your business, Jasmine." Catherine grit, clenching her wrists.

"Yes, it is. I care about you, and I won't let you do this to yourself. You're a pretty girl, too sexy for your own good, but slashing yourself isn't going to make you look prettier!"

Catherine sank down on one of the banks, rubbing her temples intensively. Jasmine, knowing that it had something to do with Catherine's on off boyfriend, knelt down in front of her and took her hand between her own.

"Tell me." She whispered, kissing the other girl's knuckles lightly. A tear slowly rolled down the beauty's cheek, as she wiped it away gently with her thumb.

"It's Christopher. He's just... Making me go insane..." Catherine answered, pain sipping through her voice. Jasmine grumbled. She knew that Catherine and Christopher fit well together, but because of their age difference, things didn't always go right. Christopher was just as Jonathan, Jasmine's boy toy, 21, and the two guys though that they could do whatever they'd like, without making their girlfriends upset.

"It'll be okay. I promise you, baby, I won't let anyone harm you in any way possible." Jasmine whispered, taking Catherine's face in her hands sweetly. Catherine looked up at the brunette with teary eyes, and snickered fake.

"Like what are you going to do to make me feel better?" She joked, wiping away a fresh tear with the palm of her hand.

"Kiss you, for example." Jasmine replied under her breath, causing Catherine to look at her confused. With a tiny bit of hesitation, the pretty brunette leant in and placed her lips on her friend's, kissing them softly. She didn't feel any kind of rejection, so she deepened the kiss and let her tongue explore Catherine's mouth.

Both girls rose up and embraced each other, still sharing sweet kisses. Jasmine pushed the blondine gently towards the wall, and pressed her against it, kissing her a bit more roughly now. Catherine moaned gently as she kept kissing the taller girl.

"I want you to be happy." Jasmine whispered, letting her hands rest on her friend's sides, making small circular moves. She felt Catherine arch her back a bit, which encouraged her to continue.

"I know." Came the reply, "I don't feel like playing tennis anymore though."

"Maybe later." Jasmine soothingly replied, letting her hands slide underneath Catherine's T-shirt. She let her hands roam over the soft flesh of Catherine's skin, before reaching her breasts and softly stroke them.

"Don't. We can get busted." Catherine mouthed quietly, not wanting to entirely ruin the mood that was present in the changing cabin.

"You're right... Come." Jasmine commanded calmly, gathering their stuff in their bags. She opened the door of the cabin, and left the tennis club, dragging the blonde girl behind her by holding her hand.

Once outside, she walked to the wood near the tennis courts, and pretty soon she found a small path, leading to a little cabin deep in the forest. No one would ever come there, certainly not now. She started to walk a bit more slowly, still holding hands with one of her closest friends. They arrived at the cabin and Jasmine quickly entered, locking the door behind them. There was no need to turn the lights on, since there was still light out. She smiled and backed Catherine back against the wall, continuing with kissing the blonde. 

After a few minutes, Jasmine's hands had found their way underneath Catherine's shirt again, and restarted with stroking the soft skin. Catherine lift up her arms quickly, so Jasmine could lift her shirt over her head. She did so, and tossed it aside, before rapidly taking her own shirt off too. Jasmine gently turned her friend around, and unhooked her bra, letting it glide down her arms slowly. She undid her own as well, and let both bra's hit the floor. Now both girls were half-naked, and they started to kiss again, making sure they pleased the other girl. Catherine's hands moved up Jasmine's spine, and laid on the girl's back as the brunette gently cupped her breasts and kneaded them. 

Jasmine could feel Catherine's breath teasing her neck gently, her eyelashes as well blinking against the sensitive skin. Not letting go of each other, Jasmine sank down on the floor, taking the other beauty with her. They lay against each other, kissing and touching as much as they could. Catherine let her hands slide towards her friend's zipper, and slowly unzipped her pants, obviously trying to get them off. Jasmine quickly complied and did the same to Catherine, so the girls were now naked except for a string with Catherine and hot pants of Jasmine.

"You're so beautiful." Catherine sighed, letting her fingertips roam over the brunette's body. "Not even slightest in comparison with you," Jasmine replied, "Christopher is a blind dick if he doesn't see that." 

They smiled lightly, and Jasmine moved in closer, licking her way from Catherine's jawbones to her nipples, which were already erect. She took one in her mouth and sucked it eagerly, while pinching the other one with her free hand. Encouraged by the blonde's moans, she continued until she had both nipples stiffened. She kissed her further down, reaching the beauty's belly button, which she also caressed for several moments, while stroking the girl's abdomen playfully.

Catherine's breath became heavier, and she started muttering stuff under her breath, tangling her hands in Jasmine's hair and force her to go lower. Jasmine gratefully complied and hooked her index fingers behind the cord of the thong and pulled it down. Catherine's pussy was glistening with juices, and whimpering until she would find some release for her horniness. Jasmine spread the smaller girl's lips a bit, and licked her slowly, occasionally flicking her clit swiftly, before continuing licking her. She waited until Catherine was moaning rather loud, and then inserted two fingers, pumping rhythmically in unison with Catherine's groaning. She kept fingering as she laid herself next to Catherine, kissing her from time to time, enjoying the fact her friend was coming closer and closer to an orgasm. 

Not much later, Catherine exploded, letting her juices float over Jasmine's fingers. The pretty brunette waited until the orgasm had subsided, then licked her fingers clean. Barely a few seconds after that, Catherine's hand moved down to the beauty's crotch, where she wrung her hand beneath the girl's hot pants, and dipped into her honey pot. Jasmine moaned lightly, feeling this tickly sensation running up and down her spine. Catherine continued rubbing her pussy as she started to suck Jasmine's nipples. The combination nipple-sucking & pussy-fingering got Jasmine extremely hot, and it didn't take long until she as well got an orgasm.

Both girls were pretty exhausted, and cuddled against each other, stealing kisses from the other girl's lips occasionally.

"We should... Do that more often." Catherine smiled, stroking Jasmine's hair as the brunette laid her head down on the blonde's chest.

"Yeah." Jasmine breathed, putting her arm around her friend's waist. "A bit rougher though, so I can compare to that Christopher fucker." She smiled.

"He can't even do half as good as you, sexy." Catherine snickered.

"Nice to know. I could teach him some stuff, hehe. Invite him over next time."

"Are you insane? You're mine. I'm not going to share you." Catherine objected.

"I'm yours, as well as you're mine. You know, Cat... I erm... Kind of... Love you."

They kept chatting, and it was dark before the girls left the cabin, aroused by each other.