 The E was good, really good. I felt so light, yet so good as I listened to the thumping techno sounds of Umek rushing through my body. I looked round me and saw people with their hands in the air, with massive smiles on their faces. 

I was dressed in my furry, raver-wear, furry Dalmatian mini-skirt, and matching 4D bra. The fact I was showing off my long thin legs, and flat tummy, had already invited many guys to come and chat with me, but I wasn't having any of it. 

"Sorry guys, I'm a lesbian." I said. I'm not, by the way, but I just wanted to get rid of them.

I felt a tap on my shoulder. 'Oh Christ, not again!' I thought, ready to confront another guy.

"Hi!" The girl said. The tall young blonde girl stood in front of me. She was wearing a black Wonderbra and short latex hot-pants.

"Hi." I replied, not really sure what to say.

"I was wondering if you'd like a drink of my water? You look hot."

I wasn't really sure what to make from the last statement. I smiled.

"Yeah, thanks." She handed me the bottle of water. She maintained eye contact with me as I took a swig. I handed the bottle back. "Cheers."

"No problem. Sasha & Digweed are on in ten minutes in the other tent, you coming?" 

"Yeah, definitely, could do with a little progressive trance on this stuff." I said.

We walked through the large open air complex towards the Bedrock tent. 

"You here alone?" I asked.

"Yeah, didn't find anyone to go with me. You too?"

I nodded. "Single, and my friends aren't into this scene."

"Shame."

James Zabiela was finishing up his set as Sasha and Digweed came up behind him. 

"What did you take?" She asked.

"Ferrari's." I replied. "You?"

"Green Apples. Damn strong, but very smooth. By the way, I'm Gayle." She said, holding her hand out.

"Jenny." I said, accepting her hand.

Sasha came on first, then alternated with Digweed. They played a very similar set to their Expeditions CD; and when Digweed through down Beautiful Strange, we had our hands in the air and massive smiles on our faces. Then he went into a track that I recognised from the Expeditions CD, I just forgot the name, but I recognised the girl's voice repeating, "I know you love me too."

We both jumped in the air at this uplifting trance, everyone was going mental. It felt like the E was coming up again the music was so good. Suddenly, Gayle jumped into my arms. Taking this just to be an effect of the E, and seeing as I wanted a hug too, we hug and jumped together. Then Gayle walked behind me and pulled me tight. We danced like that for about ten minutes, with Gayle running her hands up and down my thighs and tummy, and with me playfully pressing my behind into her crotch. Then the music changed, and got really trancey. You could see people's movement change into a liquid like flow to the music. 

Gayle pulled my head back so it rested on her shoulder as she rubbed the top of my chest, avoiding my breasts. We danced like this as Gayle started to take nibbling kisses at my neck; I didn't mind, it felt nice, and I had kissed girls on E before, it's just an E thing, I like being touched. I turned my head to Gayle's lips and kissed. Our tongues danced. I turned ran both hands through her hair, she did the same to me. 

I felt something different with this kiss. Whenever I kissed a girl at a rave, the kiss always felt like it was just a joke, but this one had love in it. I pulled away quickly and smiled. 

"Ha, sorry, got a bit carried away." I said, shyly.

Gayle put her hand to my cheek and stroked with her thumb. 

"That's okay Jenny, I liked it." And she pulled me in for another kiss, but I pulled away. 

"No, you see, I'm not like that, sorry."

She looked shocked.

"Earlier I heard you say you were a lesbian?"

"That was to get rid of the guys, sorry if I led you on. I thought all this kindness was because of the E."

"No, that's okay. Shit happens." She said, but her face looked like I had ruined her trip. 

"Look," I said, "let's go over there and sit down."

She nodded, her trip was well and truly fucked. Damn, I didn't want to do that. That was the worst thing that could've happened.

We sat on the bench, sipping at the water. The trance was still going strong, and I still felt high and very good, but at the same time I wanted to make Gayle feel good. I decided there was only one thing I could do. I turned and pulled her face to me and kissed. I ran my hand through her hair, as I slowly felt her energy return through her tongue. 

Gayle pulled away, but only to straddle my legs and kiss me properly, putting both her hands on my back. She pulled away and I saw she had a big grin, she was up again and feeling good. She even started moving to the music again. I smiled and pulled her back to kiss me.

I felt somebody sit next to us. Looking to my right, I saw a girl and a boy looking out at the crowd; both grinning. The girl looked at Gayle and I and smiled.

"It's so good to see you two aren't afraid to show off your love." She said.

"Thanks," we replied in unison. 

Gayle and I went back to kissing, then stopped to talk.

"Shall we good to the chill-out tent, it'll be quieter there?" I asked.

She nodded, and we both stood, then hand in hand, we walked to the chill-out tent. Outside the air was warm, yet just cool enough for it to feel good. We decided to stay outside.

Lying on the grass, I pulled Gayle close to me and kissed.

"I've never done anything like this before, but it doesn't mean I don't want to. I've never had any problems pulling guys, but I've never pulled a girl before." I explained.

She smiled. "I don't want you to do anything you don't feel comfortable with, okay?" I nodded. "Let's just get to know each other first. Where are you from, and what do you do?"

"Well, I'm 24, I live in Chelsea, and I'm a systems administrator, believe it or not. You?"

"I'm 23, I'm an assistant, or sexatary as my brother likes to call me, and I live in Golder's Green. So we're both Londoners! Great."

I smiled at her remark. "I suppose we are now, but I'm from Southampton originally." 

We laughed, and then kissed again. We talked about all different things; it turned out that we both went to Fabric and The End on numerous occasions yet never bumped into each other. 

"I also go to Heaven." She explained.

"So do I; for Bedrock." I replied.

She shook her head. "I go on the other nights; the gay and lesbian nights."

"How did you get here?" I asked.

"Club bus. You?"

"Same here." 

We sat looking at each other for a few moments. I admired her long curly blonde hair, and her high cheek-bones. As I looked at her thin body, I began to realise that I found her sexy, I found her gorgeous in fact.

"You're beautiful." I whispered, more to myself than to her, as a gently stroked the side of her belly.

She pushed me gently onto my back and lifted a leg over and placed it over my left leg. She nuzzled her head onto my shoulder and whispered into my ear. "You're the most beautiful creature ever to walk this planet."

What could I do? I pulled her to me and we kissed. I felt her hand on my breast as she pulled the bra down; I did the same to her. I realised we were beginning to get an audience as she pulled my knickers to one side to rub my clit.

"I think we should save this for home." I said, pointing at the group.

Gayle coughed, sorted her bra out and we both stood, walking to the techno tent in time to hear Green Velvet play a mad set. 

When we boarded the bus home, we were both shattered. There was some quiet chill-out music playing and most people fell straight to sleep. Gayle and I kissed and made out for most of the journey, but eventually even Gayle couldn't stay awake and fell asleep on my large breasts.

I couldn't sleep, however. I had to decide what to do. I really did fancy Gayle, she was really nice and cute, but I'd never had these feelings for another girl before. I didn't mind, I could live without a guy just fine, but my family would mind, my mum and dad. Luckily I didn't see them very often, but I also knew I couldn't keep a lesbian relationship a secret forever. I eventually drifted off to sleep.

"Wake up, we're here." I opened my eyes to see Gayle sitting up yarning. We stepped off the bus and immediately shivered.

"It's cold." I said.

"It's just 'cause we were asleep. So, what's the plan?" Gayle asked.

"Come back to mind for a line or two and then get some proper sleep before anything, okay?"

"Sounds good. Do you really want me to come back with you?" Gayle said, looking nervous.

I pulled her close to me and kissed her slowly. "Of course I do. On the bus I was trying to work out how to tell the parents I've got a girlfriend."

Her smile lit up the entire street as she pulled me to her tight.

We took the tube home and went up to my room. My flatmates, Sylvie and Claire, were already up and watching the telly. 

"Hiya! How was it?" They asked.

"Fantastic! By the way, this is Gayle."

"Hi." Said a sheepish Gayle.

"Hiya!" They both replied. "Needed a place to crash did ya?"

"Erm, well, erm." Gayle looked at me, and played with her hands. 

"No, not exactly; we kind of met last night, if you understand?" I said, wrapping an arm around Gayle.

The shock of realisation showed on their faces. "Oh, I didn't think you were into all that. Well, good for you." Said Sylvie.

"Yeah, nice one." Said Claire.

We thanked them and went upstairs. I pulled out a small bag of coke and set up four lines. I sniffed two and Gayle did the others. 

"Mind if I have a shower?" She asked.

"Sure, I'll go with you." Gayle smiled and gave me a quick hug.

Once in the bathroom, we got undressed. I looked at Gayle's lovely thin unblemished body with her small but pert breasts, and she looked at my body and my long straight brown hair. We kissed again, this time I felt her naked next to me, it felt nice. We hopped into the shower, I picked up a sponge and ran it over her body, slowly rubbing it over her breasts, then down onto her pussy. I rubbed the sponge against her little clit, then, dropping the sponge, I used my fingers on her, occasionally inserting a couple into her wet pussy. We kissed, our tongues mingled as she placed her fingers on my clitoris and rubbed too. 

It wasn't long till we both felt our orgasm come, and, looking into each other's eyes, we screamed our orgasms. It wasn't until we came and we were holding each other tight, that we realised the bathroom amplified our voices ten fold. 

We dried ourselves off, gathered our clothes and ran to my room naked. Getting into bed, we started to kiss and cuddle, but in the end Gayle rested her head my breasts and fell asleep, as did I.

When I woke, it was five pm and Gayle was not around. I put on a robe and went downstairs, only to find Gayle standing in the kitchen, holding a cup of coffee, talking to Sylvie. Gayle was wearing one of my old t-shirts which I use as a nightie, and her hair was wet.

"Hi baby," she said, putting down the cup and coming over to give me a hug and a kiss. "I didn't want to wake you." 

"That's okay sweetheart." I said, kissing her cheek.

Sylvie gave us a smile, as if she was happy for us.

"Dinner's made." Said Sylvie. "Help yourself."

So we dished out two plates of spaghetti, ate and settled down in front of the telly, snuggling. Sylvie sat on the other sofa.

"Where's Claire?" I asked.

"Out with Stu." Sylvie made a dumb voice when saying Stu. Stu was Claire's boyfriend, but he was thick as shit.

There was a film on the telly, but only Sylvie was following it. Gayle and I kissed. I kept feeling up her breasts. She eventually ran her hand inside my robe, which fell open revealing me fully. She put her mouth to my breast and I closed my eyes enjoying her sucking and licking. I soon felt her hand on my pussy. Suddenly I remembered Sylvie was in the room, and I opened my eyes, only to see a sight which amazed me. 

Sylvie was staring at us, at the same time had one hand on her breast and the other down her trousers rubbing her pussy.

"Er, shall we go somewhere else?" I asked.

Sylvie suddenly woke from her daze. "Er, what, oh shit, sorry, I, I…"

"No it's okay. Do you mind if we continue down hear or shall we go upstairs?" 

"No, I don't mind, erm continue here." She replied.

Gayle smiled. "Take your trousers and top off, and feel free to join us." She said.

I agreed, "Yeah, join in if you want, or just masturbate if you feel comfortable with it."

Sylvie smiled and got completely undressed, then sat back down and masturbated. 

I lifted the t-shirt off Gayle, and then dropped the robe. Pushing Gayle back against the sofa, I opened her legs and started licking and sucking at her pussy and clitty. She ran her hands through my hair and pulled my face into her pussy. I heard Sylvie's breathing become laboured.

"I can't take anymore." She said, jumping off the other sofa and began sucking on one of Gayle's breasts. Gayle pulled her up and kissed her, then she pressed her fingers into Sylvie's pussy. I looked up to see this marvellous sexy sight, of Gayle with her fingers in Sylvie while they kissed and Sylvie pinch and rubbed Gayle's nipples. I began fingering my own pussy with one hand while I used the other to rub Gayle's clit.

It wasn't long till Gayle was coming, followed soon by Sylvie. Being the only one not to have come, Gayle and Sylvie pulled me up onto the sofa and both began licking me. This added attention made me come within seconds. "OH GOD!!!!!!!!!!!" I screamed, as a stream of cum came down into their awaiting mouths. 

We all sat naked on the sofa, arm in arm.

"Wait till I tell my boyfriend I'm willing to accept having sex with another girl. That'll make his day." Sylvie said. We all laughed.

The door slammed, harder than usual. Claire came storming into the flat, and looked really pissed. She saw us lying there naked, but didn't comment as she flopped down onto the other sofa.

"You know, I might as well join you lot, because boys are crap." Claire said, looking at us.

"Right on!" Said Gayle.

"Seriously. I've had enough of them. Do you know what? We were sat in the cinema, Stu and I, and we're happily watching the film, and out of the corner of my eye, I see Stu rubbing this other girl's leg!"

"What??" We said in chorus.

"Yeah, it turned out that he had invited this girl, who knew all about me, and thought it'd be really cool to feel up this girl while feeling up me." Claire's hard surface broke down and she began to cry. We all rushed over and hugged her, ignoring the fact we were naked.

"Shush, it'll be okay, you'll find someone better!" I said.

I felt Claire's tears run down my breast as I held her head. Suddenly I felt her tongue touch my nipple.

"Hey hey hey! You don't need to do this." I explained.

"I want to. I've wanted to try it for years, so why not now?" 

"If it'll make you feel better." I said, pulling her head to my nipple. I felt her mouth grab on.

Soon Gayle and Sylvie were undressing her and it wasn't long till Sylvie had her head buried between Claire's legs. Gayle walked over to me and buried her head in my pussy. 

I pulled Claire's mouth up to my lips and we kissed. All this intensity got to her and Claire let out an all-might scream and came in Sylvie's mouth. Then she pulled Gayle away from me and began to lick my pussy. Sylvie and Gayle got themselves into a 69 position and licked each other. I orgasmed and came in Claire's mouth and we made our way to the Gayle and Sylvie on the floor. 

Gayle's behind was in the air. I leaned over and stuck my tongue in her anus. She let out a massive squeal. "OH!!!!! MORE!!!!!!"

The girls fell on their side giving both Claire and I access to their anus. I continued licking at Gayle's while Claire took Sylvie's. Soon the girls came, leaving us all lying on the floor in a heap.

"WOW!" Said Claire. "That was amazing. Fuck guys, that was the best sex ever!"

Later, Gayle and I sat in each other's arms, naked on the sofa. Claire and Sylvie were in the same position. Gayle and I kept noticing that they kept whispering something and giving each other little kisses. Soon Claire whispered something and Sylvie smiled. Both jumped up and said, "See you later girls." Then hand in hand they went upstairs. I sat listening, and heard the bathroom door shut.

We just looked at each other and shrugged.

"Love you." Said Gayle, staring into my eyes.

I smiled back at her. "Love you too."

I stroked her sides then let my hands creep up and tickle her.

"AHAHAHA! STOP!!! Hahahaha!" She screamed. We kissed, then went upstairs and made mad love before falling asleep.

The next day, at breakfast, I noticed Claire and Sylvie were always touching each other. Eventually, Sylvie's hand slid in Claire's robe and rubbed her clit. Claire rested her head on Sylvie's shoulder as Sylvie's fingers entered Claire's wet pussy. 

"You two look like you're in love." Said Gayle.

"We are." Said Claire, in a dreamy voice.

"Ahhh, so are we, aren't we pumpkin?" Said Gayle, pulling me in for a kiss.

"Yes we are, my little baby." I replied giving her loving little kisses. Claire gave us a big smile, as they rocked from side to side. Sylvie's fingers gained pace.

"Gayle, we'd be really happy if you moved in with us." Offered Sylvie.

"Yeah, Gayle, you can sleep in my bed with me." I said, almost jumping up and down.

"Sure, but I'd have to let my parents know."

"You live with your parents?" Sylvie asked.

"Unfortunately. Luckily they know I'm a lesbian, and luckily, I have a sister." She made a big Cheshire cat grin.

"Isn't incest illegal?" Claire asked, on the brink of an orgasm.

"So's taking drugs."

"True." Said Sylvie, now speaking over Claire's screams. "Well if your sister needs somewhere to stay, we have a spare room."

"We do?" I asked, wondering where.

"Sure, Claire's room is empty now she's going to be sleeping with me."

"What about your boyfriend?"

"Screw him. I wasn't so serious with him anyway."

"Jesus." I turned to Gayle. "Gayle, do you realise you've made this whole household gay?" I said, laughing.

Gayle just shrugged. "Oops!"

We all laughed. 

"I'll go with you to your parents and help you move, okay?" I offered.

"Yay! Thanks, I'd love that. I can also offer Kathy that room."

"How old is she?"

"17, but she's working already, so don't worry about her paying the rent. She's a little wizard on computers and is already programming in Oracle."

"Lucky her!"

"She's a virgin though, well, with a boy. I think I've corrupted her though, because she fancies this one girl at work. She fancies boys too though, but hasn't shagged one yet."

"Cool by me."

After work, I met up with Gayle in Golder's Green tube station. 

"Mummy, daddy, I'm home!" She shouted.

A woman who looked to be in her mid forties came out. "Hi honey, how was the party?"

"Great mummy. Mummy, I'd like you to meet my new girlfriend, Jenny."

"Hi Jenny, nice to meet you." She said with a smile. She looked like she meant it, I only hoped my mother would be just as accepting.

"Nice to meet you too, Mrs Connelly." I replied.

"Come in girls. Gayle your father's in the living room." 

"I need to talk to you both about something. Can you come through too?" Asked Gayle.

In the living room Gayle introduced me to her father, he was just as kind and accepting as Gayle described. Gayle then explained that she had the opportunity to live with me and she was going to take it. She also explained about how the offer was there for Kathy if she wanted it.

"Well, the house will be quiet without you love, but it'll be good for you to stand on your own two feet. As for Kathy, it's up to her, you'll have to ask when she gets home." Her father explained. 
