 If you haven't done so, I recommend first reading the first chapter of this story, The Game, Ch. 1. To all who have read that first chapter and responded, thank you so much for your support and feedback. I wasn't quite sure where to go with this story (which is why it's taken awhile to post a Chapter 2) but your feedback encouraged me to keep thinking about it until I came up with some direction, hence the title change. Thanks for reading!

The Education of Emily Rose -- Chapter 2 (formerly The Game)

I stood in the bathroom with the door wide open, dripping wet and watching Jess bounce off down the hallway to her bedroom. My jaw literally hung open in shock. After spending half the night and all morning trying to convince myself that I should deny my crazy attraction, she threw herself at me and then walked off. Again. This time instead of embarrassment, I felt anger boiling up inside of me. Here we were, sober, in broad daylight, and Jessica was toying with me, teasing me. 

It just didn't make any sense. Last night I'd excused her behavior by saying that she was offended by my boldness. But today, things were different. She obviously was attracted to me, obviously wanted me, but yet she'd left me here, dripping wet and sticky, in more ways than one. I decided she wasn't going to get away with walking away from me again. As far as I was concerned, our relationship had already changed permanently and I would take my chances with a confrontation. 

Without bothering to dry off or dress, I stormed out of the bathroom and marched down the hall to her closed bedroom door. I tried the knob and it was locked so I started pounding on the door like a crazy person. 

"Jess, open the door, now." 

I rarely got angry but there was a distinct edge in my voice this time. I'd been so cowed earlier that I'd tried to avoid contact. But my reaction now was a complete 180 -- now I was both aroused and angry, a dangerous combination. I stopped banging for a second and didn't hear a response so I started up again. 

"I mean it, open this door now!" I yelled. Still no answer. My fists were starting to hurt and I was getting desperate. "Open this door or I'll -- " 

Suddenly the door flung open and Jessica stood there, still fully clothed, but with flushed cheeks. I could see spots of stickiness on her cheeks and lips. 

"Or you'll what?" she countered with equal force and fire in her eyes. 

In the back of my mind I was shocked by the way she said it. 

"I'll - " I started, but before I could finish the build-up of the last 12 hours suddenly engulfed me. I rushed forward and grabbed her face in my hands and planted my mouth hard against hers. I half expected her to resist, to run away again, but instead she responded with equal passion. I felt her soft tongue rub into my mouth, swirling her saliva with mine. I moaned just a little and melted into her soft lips. My arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her closer to me, making sure that she wouldn't leave me this time. 

I pressed my naked, sticky breasts against hers, hard and full through her t-shirt. It had been so long since I'd had sex, I literally felt as if I was being consumed from the inside out. I began pushing her with little steps towards her bed, which she'd made at some point that morning in between showing me her ass and teasing my tits with her tongue. 

We fell down onto the bed with me on top, not really sure what to do with her now that I had her. I quickly decided I'd start where it all began -- with those big, beautiful breasts. I pushed her t-shirt and bra up and over her tits exposing rock hard nipples. I took the left one into my mouth and began to suck like I was milking a cow. I'd asked lovers to do this to me many times, but I never imagined that they drew as much pleasure from it as I did. I truly found being the "suckler" to be every bit as sensual as being the "sucklee." I could hear Jessica moan slightly and arch her back up towards me. I began to suck harder and even started to bite a little. 

"Oh, oh yeah," she moaned, "bite harder." 

I began to bite harder, feeling her breast fill my mouth. I so did not regret what I had done last night. It was my first time with a woman and her tits were absolutely divine. After several minutes of suckling and kneading, I began to move my tongue down her abdomen, over her belly button, and down towards the top of her jeans. I looked up at her as I started to unfasten the button. She met my gaze while covering my hands with her own. "No," she said, "this is your first time, allow me..." 

With surprising strength she flipped on top of me in one motion, lowering her mouth to my sticky nipples once again. This time though, she extended her tongue and moved lower towards my mound, not stopping when she got to the top of my pelvis. Since I was already naked, there was nothing to stop her from spreading my lips open with her fingers. She looked at my gaping pussy and stroked the tips of her fingers over my labia. When I saw the look in her eyes I knew -- this wasn't her first time with a woman. She'd done this many times before. That was my last rational thought as she lowered her head down on top of me. 

I remember feeling the warm slithering of her tongue on my lips, slowly up over my clitoris and sawing back and forth into my hole. Finally, she latched on and began rhythmically sucking. My hips began to grind up into her face with each suck, as if I was fucking her tongue. I reached down and grabbed her head between my hands. Later I thought that I had never been eaten out with such skill. I'd been with guys who'd gone down on me before, but none of them equaled Jessica in how fast she found the right spot and how quickly she established a rhythm that got me rocking. 

It couldn't have been more than 2 minutes when I grabbed the comforter in both of my fists and began to scream out. She brought me to the edge and I crashed down onto the other side with the biggest release I had ever felt. I literally saw stars as my entire body pulsated while my orgasm subsided. I forgot about Jessica on top of me and between my legs. I forgot about everything else around me and sunk into the softness of the bed. 

After what felt like several minutes of continual orgasm, I felt the sensations subsiding and Jessica pushed up off the top of my thighs and flopped down next to me. I moved my arm to touch her without opening my eyes. 

"Oh Jess," I took a deep, cleansing breath and let it out slowly, "that was won-der-ful..." My voice trailed off blissfully. 

"Who'd have thought you'd be into girls, huh?" she asked and the clarity in her voice made my eyes flutter open. 

I saw her face and suddenly became concerned. "Are you -- not into it?" I asked her, sitting quickly up to lean on one elbow. I could tell from the look on her face that she wasn't exactly in the throes of passion. By then I was beginning to think clearly enough to remember my manners and I placed a hand over her breast. "I'm sorry, let me pleasure you now." 

This was awkward. I wasn't really sure how to eat a woman out, seeing as I'd only seen it done to me by others and had never actually done it myself. Jessica shook her head. I suddenly felt insecure. 

"I mean, I know I've never done it before, but I could give it a shot." I smiled tentatively. "Practice makes perfect, right?" 

Jessica put her hand on my arm. "No really, it's ok. I'm fine. This was more about you." 

Now I definitely felt weird. "What do you mean this was more about me?" I questioned, starting to wonder if I had imagined her responsiveness to my advances.

"It was about your sexual exploration -- about you finding yourself." She sounded very serene, almost as if she was in teacher-mode.

"O-K-" I said slowly, trying to figure out what was going on. "So, you don't want me to do anything for you? Touch you, masturbate you? It only seems fair after what you did for me." 

"It's not always about orgasms," she began in a lecturing tone. "We can receive pleasure from each other without having to cum." 

Ok, this was getting freaky and I was definitely starting to feel self-conscious. 

"Jess, wanna tell me what the hell is going on here? I mean, first I come on to you and you run away. Then, you come on to me and you run away. Finally, we get together and now you're acting like you weren't into it at all. Talk about mixed signals."

Jessica shrugged. "I just wasn't sure you were ready for me." 

"What's THAT supposed to mean?"

"I mean I wasn't sure you were ready to know the truth about this part of my life. My sex life." Her voice became a bit quieter. "It's different. I'm different." Her voice trailed off mysteriously. 

"Well, I know you've been with other girls before, right?" I was almost positive but I needed her to confirm my suspicions. 

"Of course I have," she retorted, as if I'd asked her if she'd ever eaten chocolate ice cream. "Lots of times." 

Hmmm, wasn't making me feel any better. "So, all of this was just for me, you weren't excited at all. Is that what you're telling me?" I had sat up and was inching toward the edge of the bed, feeling very aware of the fact that I was naked.

"No, look, that's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying that I'm into some different stuff. Stuff that you're probably not used to. I'm attracted to power and visual stimulation. And I'm not sure that you're ready to get into that, to go to that level."

I felt my cheeks flush and stood up. "So what the hell was that last night? Why did you run away? You need to get a lot more specific, real fast Jess because this is getting a little ridiculous." 

She sighed and looked down at her hands. "Em, look, I'm not trying to upset you. I don't want you to feel rejected or mad, ok? I ran off yesterday because I wasn't sure you were ready to get involved with me." 

I continued to stare at her with my arms crossed under my breasts, waiting for her to go on.

Jessica blew her breath up, making her bangs flutter and looked like she'd made a decision to tell me the truth. 

"So, I'm a member of a secret society here at the university called Black Velvet. I'm one of the high mistresses which means I'm one of the top people in the society." 

She paused to see if I was following. When I didn't respond, she went on. "Our society is focused on sexual exploration. My role as a high mistress is to take students under my wing and guide them in their sexual journey. All of our students are voluntary, all of them come to us." 

My curiosity was becoming aroused. "But how do they find out about you if it's secret?" I couldn't repress the petulance in my voice.

"Word of mouth. Experience with other members. Roommates, maybe?" She smiled slightly.

"But I've been your roommate for a year a half! I had no idea..."

"I know, and I didn't want to bring it up for fear of ruining our friendship. You never gave me any indication that you might be interested. .. until last night."

"So if you're so sexually liberated, why did you run away from me last night? Why didn't you just go for it?" 

"Well, I couldn't believe what was happening, and I wasn't sure if I wanted to go down that road with you. Like I said, I wasn't sure you were ready." 

"Ready for what?" I was getting exasperated with her repetition.

"It's not really something I can describe or talk about. You'd have to experience it, if you choose to do so." She obviously wasn't going to clear up the mystery for me.

"So are you offering me the experience? Are you decided I'm ready for it?" I said sarcastically.

"I think you are. I thought about it all last night and I decided you should make the decision for yourself. So, yes, if you want the experience, I'll agree to guide you." 

She'd agree to guide me. "How can I possibly agree to experience something if I don't know what it is I'm agreeing to?"

She smiled and spread her arms wide like one of those hippies expressing their love for everyone. "That's part of the process -- letting go and being open to whatever may happen. I think you have potential and I decided that I should be open as well, to training you if that's what you want." 

"Training me? You really think I need to be trained?" I was trying hard here to not get offended.

"Oh c'mon Emily, you have to admit that your sex life leaves a lot to be desired. You don't think that's all the fault of the men you meet do you? Don't you think you need to take some responsibility for your own sexual fulfillment?" 

I smarted inside. So yes, my sex life wasn't so hot, but I hadn't had a lot of options lately. The guys I had been meeting hadn't been attractive to me in the least. And I really hadn't even considered women until yesterday. I had never even let myself consider that I could change it unilaterally and take the bull by the horns, so to speak. Part of me knew that at least some of what she said was true, but it stung. 

"I'm not really sure what to say Jessica. I -- I'm skeptical, I think I've done what I can and I'm just going through a dry spell." I shrugged, suddenly feeling on the defensive. "What happened last night, just kinda came out of nowhere, I don't really know why..."

"Yes!" Jessica clapped her hands together and pointed at me. "Yes, it came out of nowhere, the place you have deep inside you, the place where your true sexual identity resides." The hippie was back. I could tell she was getting excited, talking about a subject that really appealed to her. 

"It's there Emily. Can't you see it? It's there, you just have to dig down to find it!"

Her enthusiasm made me consider her words, but I needed more info. "So what exactly are you proposing?" I held up a hand. "Now, I'm not saying I'm agreeing to it yet, I'm just wondering what you want me to agree to."

Jessica sat back and crossed her legs on the bed. "You, hand yourself over to me. Completely. Body, mind, spirit, all of it. You have to do everything that I tell you to do, without question."

"Everything?" My eyes widened. "What if I think it's something that's gross?" 

"First of all, you're gonna have to trust me. And second of all, yes, even if it's gross, without question."

I looked at her skeptically. "And if I say no?"

She shrugged, "No problemo. Things go back to the way they were. You and I never speak of this again. We're cool."

"You won't be mad?" 

"No way, not at all." She stood up and took my hands into hers and looked me in the eye. 

"To be honest, Emily, I hadn't really thought of it before last night. But I was up all night realizing that this would be a good thing for you. You need this. And after the way you pounded down my door right now, I think you want it too. But it's your decision." She winked at me and added, "I only train willing victims."

I still wasn't completely convinced. "So it could be anything sexual? Or is it only girl on girl?" 

Jess looked squarely at me. "Has everything I've been saying gone right past you? It's about sexual exploration, in its many facets. That means sex as it pertains to people -- it's about attraction to people, not genders." She moved her hands up my arms. "It's about learning about yourself, what turns you on, it's about controlling your passions and your desires and knowing what you want and then getting it."

To be honest, I didn't know what I was signing up for. But something she said hit home. I wanted to know how to find pleasure, to get what I wanted, to know what I wanted in the first place. Even if there was only a 5% possibility that she was right, it was something I needed to try. Hey, before last night I would have never even thought that I could be attracted to a woman, but here I was, standing naked in my roommate's bedroom after the best orgasm of my life. Just thinking back to that orgasm made my decision for me -- she obviously knew some things I didn't.

"Ok, I'll do it." 

*****

Your feedback, comments and votes are greatly appreciated! I have the crazy idea of making every chapter in this story be a different Literotica category. I'd like to try to include as many categories as possible over the course of the story. I realize this might not appeal to everyone, but I think it will be different and challenging. Any feedback with thoughts/comments on categories/scenarios would be great. 