 My friend Suzie was having a little shindig that Kerry and I would be attending. Suzie's place was great. She was always down to have people crash after they've had too much to drink, and usually encouraged it. Kerry, was like my wingman. We always went out together, regardless of what kind of scene it was. We were seasoned when it came to the night life. Raves, kegs, or just chillin', we knew how to maximize everyone's experience.

After getting dressed I sized myself up. Two inch heels, black skirt, and a cute top, that I'd been dying to wear for the past two weeks: I was content. 

Kerry came over wearing some jeans, flats, and a spaghetti strapped top. "Simple, but sexy," she says. She is a firm believer in if you want a one night stand you should dress like me, but if you want something a little more, dress casual. In the long run, guys want simple. But I figure, you can't get even a simple guy if you dress too casual. But whatever, Kerry is always able to snag a guy.

She could seriously come wearing some gym shorts and a polo shirt and pick up a guy. Which is why I am thankful she is my wingman. However, tonight her shirt was low cut enough that I couldn't help but stare at the light freckles that powdered her chest.

Kerry is one of those friends that you want to show off. You want people to know exactly how amazing she is, then feel personally offended when they don't see what you see in her. She is gorgeous for one. Very petite, but average height, blonde hair, athletic, and has a huge personality that just commands respect, while maintaining a carefree attitude. I suppose I had always been attracted to Kerry, but who wasn't, she was appealing in almost every way I could think of.

"That looks cute," Kerry says as she walks into my bedroom, tossing her bag on my bed, then herself, eyeing the exposed skin between my foot and thigh.

"Thanks," I replied while touching up my eyeliner.

Kerry watched me put my eyeliner on with ease, it amazed her that I didn't poke my eye our every time. Kerry leaned up onto to her forearms, forcing her shoulder blades into looking more distinguished.

"Ya ready?" I said turning around grabbing my bag.

"Just a minute." Kerry gets up walking over to me. She begins looking me over, close enough for me to count the freckles across her nose. She spread her lips a bit, lightly breathing, gazing at what I think is probably every flaw my face has to offer. She eventually reaches her hand up to my face, then carefully wipes away some smeared eyeliner from under my eye. Her freezing hands sending chills through out my body, causing all of my hair to stand on end. "Sorry," she says, acknowledging her icy hands.

"Should I get it jacket? Is it that cold?"

"No, you are dressed fine, my hands just get cold and sweaty from time to time, when I am nervous or happy, or excited, or scared, or sad..."

"Or just whenever," I added to make her stop the listing.

"Basically."

Leaving my apartment I volunteered to drive, but Kerry insisted that she drive since she didn't really feel like drinking. I obliged, I was kind of in the mood to get wasted. Besides, we have gotten to the point to where I can trust her enough to make the right decisions, especially when I or someone else we loved could be effected by it.

We arrive at the party, welcomed by Suzie. Throughout the night Kerry and I went our separate ways. Catching each other's eye while each of us were talking to a different guy, then occasionally participating in the same toast or drinking game.

One particular instance, I caught her looking over at me in a corner flirting with a guy I'd met a few weeks before. She too was talking to someone else, but didn't look like she was actually absorbing what he was saying. She was leaning up against a wall facing him, but allowing her eyes to scan the crowd, which were only scanning me. I smiled at her and noticed how her pale skin was peaking from under the green top she was wearing, magnifying her pale eyes. She gave me a little smirk then said something to her friend that probably made her sound like she was paying attention.

Suzie came up to me at the end of the night, when people were beginning to leave.

"It is cool if you crash here."

"No worries, I think Kerry is relatively sober."

"Ugh, maybe talk to her first, but Kris is out of town, so his bed is open, but I think someone took over Sarah's cause she is just going to share my bed with me."

"Alright, thanks."

I made my way to the garage, where the remaining guests were congregating. Kerry was saying her good-byes, while taking another shot.

"Hey babe," I said as I came up to her side, pulling her away for a moment, "are you good to drive?"

"Fuck," she said with a tone of embarrassment mixed with personal frustration, "I totally forgot I was driving! No, I shouldn't. How are you feeling, can you drive?"

"Well I think I can, but I don't want to risk it. I mean I've had quite a bit. Suzie said we could crash here though, Kris' bed room is open."

"Ya, besides I drive a stick. And tonight isn't a good night for me to teach you how. I think we are equally drunk anyways."

"Ya about, I started drinking at 9, I lost at beer pong twice, badly, then did a few boat races, and like every time we did a group shot I was in on it, and I am still eyeing some of that vodca."

"We should just stay here."

"Cool, I'll let Suz know."

We both drank two more shorts before the stragglers left around 2, and Kerry and I began picking up the bottles and beer cans that were littering the house.

Deciding we would finish up in the morning, we creeped upstairs and claimed Kris' bed as ours. He had the master bedroom, so we had a personal bathroom and everything. I went to the bathroom and began washing my face. Kerry followed me in, squirting some toothpaste on her finger.

Walking into the bedroom I pulled off my skirt and unbuttoned my top, leaving me behind in my thin undershirt and my thong. Kerry followed me in, ditching her shoes and pants.

I walked over to a whiteboard on one of the bedroom walls and began writing a note to Kris, thanking him for unknowingly allowing us to crash in his room. Kerry came over and began drawing him a picture of a penguin. By the time she was done, I still wasn't done writing our note, so to pass the time Kerry began drawing on my exposed shoulder.

"What the fuck are you drawing?" I said shrugging my shoulder out of her cold hands, trying to twist my head far enough around to see how much she'd drawn. 

"Don't worry about it." She said teasingly.

I let her continue drawing, even though she let out a giggle every now and then, but I think it was the alcohol that her finish.

By the time I finished up my little note, she was done as well.

"What is it?" I ask giggling.

"Don't worry about it," laughing even harder.

"Oh whatever, I better not have a fucking half naked mermaid on my back or something." 

She put on a fake serious smile and said, "Oh, so you didn't want a topless mermaid on your shoulder."

I shoved her on the bed and ran to the bathroom to look at my temporary tattoo. She bounced off the bed and tackled me by my legs, forcing me to collapse. Our laughter higher levels. I look over and she is laughing rubbing her elbow, still half way wrapped around my legs.

I gently grab her arm still laughing, "Aw! You hurt yourself while trying to attack me." 

"I think the only way to prevent this from going to court is for to give me something as collateral for my injuries."

"Oh is that so! 'Cause, ya know, my shoulder is kinda tender, since it basically drove itself into the door frame."

"Ya why'd you just slam it in there like that."

I was finally getting my breath back, after laughing for a good few minutes. Wiping the tears from my eyes, knowing I was smearing the eyeliner I couldn't wash off, Kerry leaned into me, moving the strap to my shirt out of the way and kissed my injured shoulder.

"Better?" She asked.

"Well, I dunno." She kissed it again, leaving her lips on my shoulder longer than before. "Much better." I stood up, helping her to her feet.

I moved across the room to Kris' night stand, grabbing a bit of tissue, hoping I can remove what the left over make up had smeared. Then Kerry moved up to me, taking the same stance as earlier, took the tissue from me, then began dabbing it around my still-damp-from-tears-eyes. I caught myself looking at the different colors in her eyes. Mostly light blue, but surrounded by a darker shade, with specks of green. She was amazing. 

Kerry quickly finished up, while I just sat on the edge of the bed admiring her. She kissed me on the cheek, and hurriedly said, "All done." She threw the tissue away, then joined me in the bed. I rolled over to face her, a strand of hair was in her face so I reached out my fingers to move it behind her ear. We sat there a minute or so in silence, until I stood up to get a glass of water, returning with two in case she wanted some too. Kerry had rolled into the middle of the bed, I didn't mind, if she didn't roll over to me now, I'd end up over by her by the end of the night.

I laid down again and she instinctively laid her hand on top of my shoulder. Kerry opened her eyes and I got the most overwhelming urge to kiss her. There was something in her pale eyes, and smile that made me want to kiss her, and I thought she wanted it too. I sat there, frozen by shock, not wanting to act on my impulse, knowing that what we have would never be the same, good or bad. She took in a deep sigh, the toothpaste smell had dissipated, but her breath had this sweet smell luring me in.

Still wanting to act, I moved the dark stray lock of hair from her face and behind her ear. Just allowing my finger tips to touch her skin was tempting me enough. Just as I was about to roll over and prevent myself from acting, on whatever it was I wanted to do, she kissed me.

The initial shock set in and she pulled away. My eyes were just as wide as hers. She opened her mouth, but nothing came out. She looked just as confused as me, moving her hand off of my shoulder, unsure if I was still okay with her touching me.

I lunged forward, taking her lips in mine, pulling her in closer to my body. I could feel her breasts, just above mine, her fingers running through my hair then at the sides of my head, pulling me deeper into our kiss. Taking a deep breath she pulled me back in, now with her hands at my hips, still pulling me in closer.

I moved my lips to her neck, then her shoulders. My lips exploring her soft skin, then meeting hers again. She sat up while we were still locked at the lips, then up to her knees, finally leaning her head up enough for me to have to follow her lips with mine, until we were both on our knees facing each other.

She pulled me in closer, then moved her left hand over my breast, grabbing at it desperately, causing me to let a moan escape my already occupied lips. I pulled her into me by the waist, reassuring her this was okay. Her hands moving down my sides to the seam of my shirt pulling it up over my head and tossing it inside out into a corner.

I did the same to her, but unable to resist that much of her soft skin I immediately began planting kisses in every place that was available to my lips, moving my hands over her naked stomach and back, I finally resulted in squeezing her breast wanting more of her.

She took my biceps in her hands and forced me down onto my back, kissing me, when her hand found my thong, damp with pleasure. She lightened our kiss, unsure if this is what I wanted. I moved forward taking her lips into another passionate kiss, giving her an encouraging sign.

She pulled my thong down my legs, and I hers. She placed her hips right on top of mine, grinding them together. Kerry began kissing me again, running her warm hand over my erect nipples, while her other hand was pulling me closer.

I moved my hands down to her waist and rolled over, so I was on top. I moved our kiss from her lips, to her neck, her clavicle, her breasts, her stomach, leaving a wet trail of my descent down to her bikini line, where I discovered Kerry was hairless, just like me.

I thought I would have gotten nervous, but I never did. I slide two fingers into her wet sex. First slowly taking deep thrusts, while I sucked on her nipples. She began to moan, pushing her hips into my hand and gripping the pillow closest to her head. I began to push harder faster, recognizing her pace. I could smell her aroma, as I began moving down the side of her stomach, just taking in parts of her skin and tasting them. Moving across her bikini line, the sweet smell getting stronger.

Her body, still pumping simultaneously with my hand, I took in her clit, instantly finding the little ball with the tip of my tongue. I flicked it with the tip of my tongue, then sucked on it, knowing this is exactly what I would have wanted. Then suddenly her muscles flexed under my fingers and wave and wave of her juice ran down my hand.

After she her orgasm subsided I tasted all of her juice, not wanting to waste any of it as Kerry tried to catch her breath and release her death grip on Kris' pillow.

She pulled me up to her face and kissed me.

"Fuck, Mel." She gasped. 

"Hah." I added, gasping a bit too.

She pulled me into her arms, running her fingers down my back and my arms, then across my chest, circling my nipples, sending chills across my body again. She moved her hand down pumping her fingers into me quickly a few times, moving straight to my enlarged clit, not wasting any time.

Not wanting to wait my turn any more I pushed Kerry's head down to my sex. She stopped and licked around my bikini line, licking me ever where, but where I wanted her to. She knew she was torturing me.

Still pumping her fingers and rubbing my clit in circles at the same sensual pace. I was letting out moans of pleasure, but wanting more since she wouldn't let me set the faster pace with my hips, I finally gasped, "Fuck me!"

She instantly moved her mouth over my clit and began to suck, pumping three fingers into me. She began pounding me, pushing me up the bed with her force. Finally my muscles twitched and sent me over the edge, I let out a loud moan, that I was sure would wake the neighbors, one that made me collapse into the bed with exhaustion.

Kerry moved her arm over my chest and pulled me in. I was still breathing heavily when Kerry whispered in my ear, "That was fucking amazing." Her breath tickling my neck. "I know, right," I agreed. She pulled me in more, palming my breast, lightly sucking on my shoulder where my temporary tattoo should be. Rubbing her thumbs across my still erect nipples, getting me ready for round two.