 Book 2

2001 -- It takes one

Prologue

If the foundation of the clan was unique, fifty odd years later it was still as tightly knit as any extended family could be. Though some stayed with the institute in one capacity or another and most moved away as they founded their own families, the clan traditions were inviolate. One of those was the Holidays get together. Some came for Christmas, others for the New Year, for days or the whole week.

This year's holiday season promised to be special because the legend of mammy Catherine's lost child would finally be proven true.

Chapter 1

Sylvie sat on the couch, taking a sip from a glass of white Kendall-Jackson Chardonnay, a taste she had recently acquired, looking out the large window of the condo she shared with her partner, high above Montreal, watching the falling snow without really seeing it.

She reflected on the many strange but wondrous twists her life had taken in recent months.

She had gone from a lowly part-time technician studying full-time at a reputed engineering school to a valued junior member of a world-renowned engineering firm, working in the research and development division while she completed her degree. From a young woman who had sublimated her sexual desires into meditation as a mean to alleviate her natural urges to a radiant, imaginative lover sure of herself and very much in love with her partner. From a social outcast, afraid of the slightest overture of friendship to a member of a loving, if unusual, family with a growing circle of friends.

And, to top all that off, she had uncovered a part of her past she previously had no memory of. Also a mystical connection to some unknown person who had bequeathed her abilities far beyond what she should naturally have which explained how she had mastered yoga and meditation to adept level from books and instructional videos in a few short years, and saved her partner from the murderous attack of a deranged woman.

Taking all that into account, what was one more unexpected turn of events? Still, this one came from the left field and she didn't know what to make of it.

At lunch time on Friday, the employees of Sylvie's division had been treated to a gastronomic buffet by their director, Jack White. When everybody had a plate loaded with delicious food, he had announced that they were given leave until January third since he didn't expect much work from them, what with Christmas being on Tuesday. The cheers turned to good natured groans when he promised to get his pound of flesh when they came back.

It meant they would have eleven straight days off instead of having to come back to the office for a few days between Christmas and New Year.

When he walked around the room distributing bonus envelopes, Sylvie expected him to by-pass her by since she was so new to the division. So she was surprised when he stopped in front of her and praised her accomplishments and the determination she had demonstrated. Then he extended his hand back for the envelope his assistant, John, handed him.

"I know it's not much, but since I couldn't give you the same bonus as the others who have been with us the full year, I decided to use the creativity our office is known for. I hope you will enjoy it."

Sylvie was surprised when he didn't wish her a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year as he had done to the others. She was feeling a bit crestfallen until she saw John had a huge grin plastered on his face when he winked at her as he followed the director to the next employee.

'What was that all about?' She wondered. Then she took out the parchment from the envelope. It was a beautifully calligraphied invitation for four to a five star downtown restaurant, all expenses paid, gratuities included, the following day at 7:00pm, evening wear required. A limo would pick them up at 6:00pm and bring them back when they were done.

When all the food was consumed and the wine, beer and other beverages drunk, people started filtering out, some to do last minute Christmas shopping, others glad to have a chance to beat the rush hour for once. Sylvie stopped to thank her boss for his generosity.

"I am the one who should be thanking you for joining our team. We are very happy to have you with us and hope you will consider a future with us when you receive your degree, with honors I'm sure." Jack White told her.

"I remember your first lesson, sir, but I would sign on the dotted line right now if you asked. This is a wonderful team you have assembled here and I am proud to be part of it."

"Let's hope you feel the same in four years. In the meantime, enjoy your soirée tomorrow. That was partly John's idea. Originally it was for two, but he told me somewhat of your family and I expanded it to include your 'sister' and her partner."

Turning to his assistant, she hugged him and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"Thank you, John. You're a great friend. Maybe we could invite you and Pierre for a home cooked meal. It won't be as fabulous as one of his, but it will be prepared with love and he can cuddle with you instead of working his fingers to the bone."

"It would be lovely, kid. We love you guys and we would certainly be happy to spend an evening with you all. Let's talk about this another time so we can compare schedules."

As she walked away, Sylvie was sure she heard him say "We will see you sooner than you think, coz." But it was said so softly, she wasn't sure she had heard him correctly. She turned around just in time to see Director White give him a slap up the head and hear him growl something indistinct, so she continued on her way out.

Before she left the building, Sylvie texted Patricia, who was at her own departmental Christmas party for the support employees of the École Polytechnique, to let her know she was on the way home and that she had great news for her. Then she texted her 'sister' and her partner to let them know of the invitation for the next evening.

When she arrived at the condo, she was somewhat at a loss without homework or lessons for the next month. She tried to read the most recent book by Katharine Kerr, her favorite Fantasy author, but she couldn't concentrate. She thought of trying her usual remedy for this condition, but decided to wait for the real thing to arrive home.

So she settled down on the couch and let her mind drift in reminiscence at what the year had brought her.

"You realize we'll have to go shopping for some evening wear for you, sis." Jade declared once all the women had properly greeted each other and were seated on the couch, cuddling.

"Why? I bought some nice clothes just last week." Sylvie answered. Of the four, she liked shopping the least. Being from a poor background, it had always been a matter of finding comfortable and durable clothes except when she visited the better boutiques and then it was only to dream of how the rich people lived.

"We're going to Le Toqué on St-Denis Street, one of the best restaurants in the city. Nice is just not enough. These two clothes hounds will try to outdo each other and I will have to dust off some old suit."

"Don't let her kid you, dear heart. This daughter of mine is the one who taught me where to find the best clothes I own. She usually wears casual clothes, but she cleans up real nice."

"That's true, sweetie. I used to think I knew clothes before I met her. Now most of the women at the office consult with her. She could stop her studies in kinesiology and open a high end clothing store. I'm sure it would be the reference in the city in short order." Karlie added with a proud smile at her partner.

"Aw shucks. You girls are ruining my butch reputation."

"You are no more a butch than I am, baby. You may look fabulous in the tuxedo Karlie bought you for the office party last year, but you were drop dead gorgeous in that little red number you wore last Christmas."

"Enough about me, this is about showing off Sylvie tomorrow, which doesn't leave us with much time. I suggest we begin at Ariane Carle's workshop on St-Joseph then go to the Ssense boutique in Old Montreal. If we don't find anything at those places, I heard of an up and coming new designer on Sherbrooke Street. She is said to have some sweet original designs."

"I remember the first time I let you shop for me. Maybe I'd be better off walking the underground stores with Patricia. They have some nice boutiques there."

"I promise. No latex this time, sis. If you want, we could do that this evening and try my suggestions tomorrow."

"That would be nice. This way we could go to our favorite Thai place when the stores close."

'It's a good thing we have a limo to drive us or I would have been frozen stiff walking from the metro to this place if I hadn't broken an ankle.' Sylvie thought.

In its typically unpredictable fashion, the temperature had taken a radical dive for the lower end of the thermometer overnight. The four women tried to race from the warm limo to the restaurant while maintaining a dignified manner. It was a good thing the driver had picked them up in the underground garage and the restaurant had someone continually scraping the sidewalk at the entrance or Sylvie would have had trouble with the four-inch heels her lovers had insisted she must wear with the gown they had bought her.

They were greeted by a tuxedoed maître d' who took their coats and showed them to their table where four servers held their chairs for them. He grinned at them and snapped his fingers with a flourish to bring forth a crew to fill their water glasses, set a basket of steaming French bread on the table, unfold cloth napkins on their laps, open and serve a bottle of fine champagne in crystal flutes. When they looked around for the menus, he bowed to them and said the Chef would be by in a minute.

When the tall woman in the crisp white chef's uniform arrived at their table, she smiled and informed them that one of her minions had suggested a menu for them consisting of an entrée of Terrine de Foie gras, a main course of Cavatelli avec homard et champignons, a plate of Fêtard et l'Amateur cheeses and Araguani au chocolat moelleux for dessert with the appropriate wine for each course and, finally, Café avec Frangelico et Cognac.

They looked at each other with silly grins and replied that her minion must know them very well to make such delicious suggestions. The Chef assured them that she would temporarily loosen his shackles when they were done so he could come by their table before they left.

Since this was their first experience in a five star restaurant, they were duly impressed with the service, but, as the evening wore on, they noticed that some patrons were looking at them curiously, pointing and seemed to be talking about them.

At one point, they discreetly asked a server if they were just imagining things. He winked at them when he said the staff had been asked all evening if they were some celebrities to receive such extravagant service, but their answer had been that they were family. This left the women perplexed, particularly Sylvie who had forgotten to tell them of John's overheard comment.

Once they were enjoying their coffee, they were surprised when Pierre, John's partner, appeared at their table.

"Good evening, ladies. I trust you enjoyed your meal."

"Pierre! What are you doing here? I thought you worked at the Queen Elizabeth downtown." Jade asked.

"I was traded a couple of weeks ago for a case of champagne and a choice in the next draft." He laughed. "In fact, the other place was an apprenticeship of sorts until the family had an opening for me."

"Maybe you can clarify this 'family' thing for us." Sylvie asked. "This is the third time someone mentioned it since yesterday and I'm getting quite curious about it."

"I definitely could answer your question, but a certain old man has made some not so veiled threats about unspecified dire consequences should I let my big mouth spoil the surprise. So I guess you all will have to be a little more patient. In fact, I have been instructed to give you the second part of your Christmas present."

At which point, he pulled out an envelope from inside his uniform vest.

"You are to open this only when you are home later tonight."

"Do you know what's in it?" Sylvie asked, intrigued by the cloak and dagger turn of events.

"I do indeed, but John is going to kill me if I spill the beans or worse, make me sleep on the couch for a week. So, I'd better leave before you draw the wrath of the gods on me with your questions. I'll see you soon, ladies." He added, laughing at their discomfiture.

"This has been the most incredible evening of my life." Sylvie sighed. "I can think of only one way to end it." She added, looking lovingly at Patricia who was snuggled against her.

"Can I be allowed to digest some of that incredible food first? I'm glad we had a driver because all that wine has gone to my head."

"The same goes for me, girls. I'm pleasantly stuffed." Jade added, drowsily.

"I notice that it doesn't keep you from fondling my breasts, sweetie." Karlie purred. "By the way, Sylvie, did you notice that Pierre said the envelope he gave you was the second part of your Christmas present? I thought the meal at Le Toqué was your bonus from the firm."

"I thought it was too. I don't get it. And all that talk of 'the family'. You three are the only family I have."

"Aw shucks, sis." Jade disentangled herself from her partner and hugged Sylvie, which became an intimate caress and soon all four women had forgotten their complaints about physical discomforts due to overeating and were rolling on the thick carpet, expressing their love and devotion to each other in very intimate ways.

Later, once they had repaired to her mother's huge bed after having worked out some of the supper's calories in a most pleasant way, Jade asked languidly. "Is anyone curious about the content of the envelope or is it just me."

"I'm almost asleep and it's in my bag, all the way in the living room." Sylvie answered. "We can always check it out tomorrow morning."

Karlie laughed uproariously. "You should know your 'sister' better by now. If you don't look at it right now, she's going to wait for you to go to sleep and sneak a peek on her own."

"That's right, love. Her Christmas gifts have never been a surprise since she turned seven. I had to keep them at the neighbor's. Then she found out and always found a reason to visit her friend there to do some snooping."

"It's my natural inquisitiveness. I can't help it."

"Okay, but you will have to go get it for me." The words were barely out of Sylvie's mouth that Jade was jumping out of bed and racing out of the room.

"Don't you just love looking at her cute ass?" Karlie sighed.

"Why do you think we have the nudist house rule? I can't get enough of Sylvie's tight butt. And this way, I have easy access to it any time I want, which is all the time, of course."

"Do you both want us to give you a show? I'm sure I can talk her into it."

"Talk me into what?" Jade asked as she came back in the room. "If it involves the exchange of various bodily fluids, I'm sure it can be arranged, but could we look at Sylvie's present first?" She whined.

That had the three women rolling on the bed laughing.

Inside the first envelope was a second one and a note.

It said: 'Patricia, Jade and Karlie, please check your emails before Sylvie opens the envelope.

"What the..." They said.

'Jade, we have enough people to cover the clinic hours for next week since many regular patients will be away to visit their families. We expect you on the third when we will resume the normal load of therapies. Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year with your family.'

'Karlie, since the courthouse will be closed next week, all we really need for you to do is read up on the Desjardins v. Crookshank case and you can do that from home. See you the other week well rested and ready to kick some corporate butt. Happy Holidays to you and your family.'

'Patricia, we forgot to tell you yesterday, but the laboratories will be closed next week for maintenance. Your scheduled hours will be paid, but you don't need to come in until January third. Best wishes to you and your family.'

"This is weird". Patricia said, expressing their common sentiments. "Now you really have to open your envelope, love. There is something going on and I want to know what."

"I am really tired. I think I will wait after breakfast to do it." Sylvie said slyly. She managed to yawn most convincingly before she was submerged by an avalanche of naked bodies and tickled mercilessly until she relented.

Dear Sylvie,

We hope to have managed to peak your curiosity sufficiently that you will give our offer serious consideration without too many details as it would spoil the surprise.

You are invited to spend the week in St-Jovite where you will be provided a house for you and your family. Should you wish, you will have the opportunity to participate in winter sports.

We hope to be able to answer many questions which have arisen in your life in the last weeks.

Many people are really looking forward to meeting you and hope to see you soon.

With love,

Ryanna and Julia

PS: Call John when you have decided, one way or another, and he will arrange for your transportation.

The four women were speechless. Jaws dropped, they looked at each other, confusion alternating with elation.

"I suggest we sleep on it and talk about this at breakfast." Sylvie finally said.

The ringing phone woke them from deep sleep. Looking at the alarm clock on the bed table, Sylvie saw that it was only 7:00. Not normally a morning person, she was not happy to be awakened so early on her second day off. There was little warmth in her voice when she picked up the handset and answered.

"What? Who is it? Do you know what time it is?"

"Come on, kid. You're at the office earlier than this three days a week. Did you drink too much last night?"

"John? What is it? Do I need to come in at the office? It's Sunday, you know."

"Forget the office. I know for a fact that Pierre gave you the envelope yesterday evening. I expected a call last night."

"Did you arrange all that? I didn't call you because it's just too confusing and we haven't decided yet."

"I don't have that kind of pull. I'm just the messenger boy and your escort up north. And what's to decide? You have been offered the week of your dreams. If you like winter sports that is. And you can bring Patricia, Jade and Karlie."

At that point in the conversation, the others had come back from the bathrooms and Sylvie felt a call of Nature of her own.

"Jade, he's your friend. See if you can get him to make any sense."

"Hey, Bubba. How about some clarification here? You have four very confused women here, one of whom can kick your ass, another who can make your legal life miserable for a very long time, a third who is just about ready to go to your place to shake you some for making her lover miserable and a fourth who will watch gleefully while we all do our thing on you."

"No need to resort to threats because I've been promised much worse if I spoil the surprise. I can only ask you to trust me that it's all on the up and up and that you will all enjoy yourselves, especially Sylvie. Didn't you look at who signed the invitation?"

"We did, but I haven't heard from the girls in nearly a month."

"They had to do some research, then they stayed away because they were too excited and everybody knew they wouldn't be able to keep the good news for themselves. If you don't trust me, you know you can trust them. So you all get packed and I'll pick you in an hour."
