 It was my favorite time of the day. Time to get on the elevator. There were about twenty of us in this crowded elevator. We were all standing shoulder-to-shoulder back to front. The elevator stopped on some obituary floor and some people got out but mostly more came in. That's when she walked in. A beautiful black women with red hair combed into a neat bun at the back of her neck, sexy, full, lips that begged to be nibbled, full breast that I would guess to be around a C or D cup, and legs that went on forever. The skirt on her cream business suite stopped just under her round bottom, letting every one know she wore no panties, and the jacket hugged her body in all the right places. 

As she came on I saw her look me up and down. Taking in my black hair, full lips and large breast. I wore a short skirt with a slit in the front and a white sleeveless shirt that just about see through. Then her eyes reached mine just as she turned around to stand in front of me and the lust I saw in their dark depths was enough to send moisture pooling between my legs.

I stood there admiring this elevator temptress from behind and my mind started to wonder. I started to imagine kissing and nibbling those full lips and palming those full breasts. The bell of the elevator stopping brought me out of my daze and as the new passengers got on, the temptress backed up a little to make room. As she moved her back pressed firmly against my breast but she made no attempt to move or even turn around for an apologetic glance. She then started to move back and forth ever so slightly brushing and lightly teasing my nipples. They reacted to the attention and begin to pucker and stand up at attention. The sensation of her back and my bra rubbing them was making them hyper sensitive and also making my pussy nice and wet. 

I knew she could feel my reaction to her gentle swaying and I decided that turn-about is fair play. Using my brief case and the elevator wall to hide my movements, I reached in front of me and caressed her ass, sliding my hands lower down to her thighs and back up again this time going under her skirt to feel her bare ass. I gentle squeezed it and she moaned softly in appreciation. Encouraged I slight spread her ass cheeks and began to run my thumbs over the puckered little whole. She moaned again softly and started pushing her ass back into my thumbs forcing me to enter her up to my nail.

Confident that she was enjoying this, I leaned forward and whispered in her ear "spread your legs." She did asked and I slid my right hand down her crack and cupped her hairless pussy. She was so aroused that even the outside of her pussy was wet. I took my fingers and slid them into her steamy folds. I ran them across her clit and she her breath caught. I continued to massage her clit with my right hand as I pushed in and out of her ass hole with my left thumb. She continued to push her ass back into my thumb making in enter her more with each push until it was going in and out up to my knuckle, Then I took my middle finger and pushed it in her tight pussy. 

I moved it in out slowly at first in rhythm with my fingers on her clit and in her ass. She started to moan loudly and hump my fingers she leaned back and whispered, "fuck me faster please." I gradually increased the speed of my fingers. She was so wet that my finger was making a sloshing noise as it went in and out in and out of her pussy. Faster and faster until my arms hurt and her juices are running out of her pussy and dripping on the elevator floor. Faster and faster in and out in and out until the triple sensations and double penetration was too much for her and she screamed and climaxed violently in my arms.

I held her as she shook and suddenly noticed that we were now the only two people in the elevator now. Gradually she came back to earth. I withdrew my hands from her pussy and ass and she turned around and kissed me. Moving her lips over mine as I nibbled hers. She drew back and thanked me then she pushed the stop button on the elevator. She moved her hand down my body caressing my breast then down and around to my ass and finally back around to my pussy and asked me if it was any thing she could do for me. I spread my legs and lifted my skirt and said yeah you can eat me out I need to cum. 

She smiled and slowly sank to the floor and I lifted my leg and rested it on her shoulder to give her better access to my pussy. She took her fingers and spread my folds and started to slowly lick my clit up and down. My temptress took my clit between her lips and sucked as she inserted two fingers into my pussy. She then alternated between sucking and licking my clit as she gradually increased the pace of her invading fingers in and out of my pussy. It felt so good I began to undulate my pussy on her mouth. Took her finger out of my pussy and replaced it with her tong and tong fucked me as her fingers found my clit and rubbed its slick surface. The feel of her warm wet tong darting in and out of my pussy was too much to take and I screamed and came all over her pretty face. My orgasm was so great that my knees buckled and she had to hold me up so she could continue to lick the juices flowing out of my pussy.

Once I came back down I stood up straight and kissed her roughly, forcing my tong into her mouth. Once we were out of breath I pushed the button t make the elevator start to move again. When it stopped I handed her my card and suggested that we continue at my place. She agreed and we walked out of the elevator to start a new adventure...

To Be Continued...