 Emily glanced at the round, freckled face in the mirror. Beautiful? No way! Pretty? Nah. Cute? Yeah. Definitely cute, and that was fine with her. She could live with cute. She finished drying her legs, turned her back to the mirror, and stood on her toes flexing her young firm calves. 

"Nice butt, girl," she commented to the Emily in the mirror as she looked over her shoulder.

The summer between junior and senior years had been her major development period. As little as seven months ago she was a flat chested, freckle faced, shapeless little girl. Over the summer, things started to settle in the right places. Her tits were still small, but maturity had emerged in her face, and her butt and legs took the shape of a young woman's. She was petite at 5'2" and barely 100 pounds, but six weeks after her eighteenth birthday there was no longer any doubt...she was all woman.

She wrapped herself up in the towel, and ran a comb through her long, light brown hair. It naturally fell to each side with a perfect center part. She had worn her hair that way forever, and it pretty much combed itself. Taking one last glance in the mirror, she left the bathroom and walked down the short hall to her room.

Opening the second drawer of her dresser, she thumbed through the pile until she found the pink satin bikini panties. She let the towel drop to the floor, and slid the panties on. She liked the way they felt. Besides, Sara had commented once that Emily looked sexy in them. A casual comment from Sara, but Emily remembered it. 

She picked a pair of pink socks out of the drawer, closed it, and sat on the end of her bed. As she put the socks on she thought about Sara. They had become friends in third grade, nine years ago, and now were truly best friends. They did everything together. Each monthly "sleep-over" usually resulted in hours of private conversation about school, teachers, family, music, and boys. Most importantly, they confided in each other, trusted each other completely, and shared their most intimate thoughts and teenage insecurities.

Lately their conversations always seemed to work their way around to sex. They were both still virgins, and planned to stay that way for the immediate future. In the middle class suburb where they lived, good girls still didn't. Both had only been kissed, seriously kissed, by boys a few times, and their sexual experience was almost nonexistent. Jake Reid had slid his hands down to Emily's butt once during a slow dance at homecoming. She politely but firmly lifted his hands up to her back and smiled at him. Sara was much more experienced since Eric Landenberg had actually felt her tits once. He really only brushed his hand across her chest, but Sara insisted that it qualified as being felt up, so Emily didn't argue. They had sex education in grade school and high school, and Emily's mom was very open-minded about talking to her about sex. The Internet was an endless source of sexual material. Most of it was just pornographic, and a lot of it was nonsense, but if you searched long enough, as Emily had, some legitimately helpful information could be found. But all of that stuff centered on the mechanics of sex along with the dangers and appropriate safeguards. None of it could adequately describe to Emily what sex FELT like. So that is what dominated her recent intimate conversations with Sara. They spent hours speculating on what boys looked like, felt like, and tasted like. They openly admitted that they masturbated, and freely discussed what made them feel good, and what their orgasms felt like. Emily even approached the subject of girl-to-girl sex when she commented that the idea of two guys together seemed rather disgusting, but two girls together didn't really bother her. Sara steered clear of that one mumbling something under her breath that Emily thought was, "Me too," and changing the subject, but it was the look on Sara's face that struck Emily. That's why Emily had decided to go ahead with her plan tonight.

Emily had wiggled her way into a pair of tight blue jeans and pulled one of her pink sweatshirts over her head. There was no need for a bra since what she had didn't require much support, although her mother made her wear one whenever she left the house. She ran her fingers through her hair removing a few tangles, then bounded out of her room, bounced down stairs and charged into the kitchen where her mother was finishing the dinner dishes.

"Where's the rest of the herd?" quipped Mrs. Harrison in reference to Emily's grand entrance.

"Just li'l ol' me," chirped Emily, "Sara here yet?"

"Nope."

With that Emily went into the family room, flopped down on the futon, tucked her legs under her, clicked the T.V. on, and pressed 70. CMTV was playing the country top 20. She looked up at the clock to see that it was almost 7:00. Sara would be here any minute. A sudden wave of panic came over her. What if Sara thought she was a freaky lesbian dyke? Emily knew she wasn't a lesbian. There was no denying her interest in boys. At most, maybe she was bisexual, but she really doubted that. She just wanted to experience some things, but she wasn't ready to do it with boys just yet. So who better to experiment with than her best friend? Emily took a deep breath and told herself to calm down. This is Sara. She can trust Sara. Besides, she told herself, if Sara freaks at the suggestion, Emily could just laugh it off and say she was only kidding. Sara would know the truth, but Emily felt she could avoid any permanent damage to their friendship. 

Out of the corner of her eye, she caught Sara walking up the driveway. As Sara got to the door, Emily took another deep breath, and motioned for Sara to come in. Sara was truly a pretty girl. She had turned eighteen a month before Emily, but unlike Emily there was no metamorphosis in Sara. She had always been pretty. She was 5'6" and about 120 pounds, and every ounce was properly placed. Emily knew that Sara's chest was 34, not especially huge, but she was already a C-cup, and not done yet. Her shoulder length, naturally blonde, naturally wavy hair framed what Emily's mom called Sara's "angel face." Her complexion was unblemished, her nose slightly turned up, her lips formed the classic "kiss" shape, and her eyes were a shade of deep blue that Emily had never seen anywhere else. As if that weren't enough, Sara topped it all off with that smile of hers. That dimpled, irresistible smile. Sara was a legitimate head-turner. Emily often joked that the nurse's office at school was barraged with a rash of whiplash injuries whenever Sara walked down the hall. Sara would respond that maybe the guys were watching Emily. "Yeah, right," Emily would answer sarcastically, although she knew that her new shapeliness had not gone unnoticed among the guys at school. She could feel their eyes on her backside occasionally, and she was flattered. 

Sara closed the door behind her, set her small overnight bag down, tossed her coat into a chair, and kicked her shoes off. Emily noticed immediately that something was different. Her hair. Sara had obviously spent a little extra time with the waves in her hair. Her eyes. Emily never wore makeup since her face broke out in little white zits whenever she did, and Sara rarely wore makeup because she just didn't need it, but today she had given her eyes a little depth and added some length to her lashes, making her even more striking. As Sara approached the futon, Emily detected another difference. The faint, unmistakable scent of Sara's White Roses, which was normally reserved for special occasions. Emily doubted that anyone else would have noticed the subtleties, but they were obvious to her. She thought it a little odd that Sara would make the extra effort with her appearance just to spend the night at Emily's house. Odd and encouraging.

"Do you believe Courtney?" gushed Sara before her rear end even hit the futon. Sara definitely had the gift of gab. Conversation flowed much easier for her than for Emily. "Good thing Jackie pulled her off or she woulda kicked Derek's ass," she continued.

"Just who would have done what to whom?" asked Emily's mother in her best "I'm angry" voice as she delivered Coke's and a bowl of popcorn for the girls.

"Sorry Mrs. Harrison," Sara blushed at getting caught.

"What's this all about?" Mrs. Harrison persisted.

Emily knew her mother was more curious than angry. She sat back and relaxed, certain that Sara would take advantage of the opportunity to provide a detailed and in-depth explanation of the incident.

"Courtney Miller, this girl in our school, well, she was wearing this sweater all day today but on the bus ride home, she pulled the sweater off. She had this really low cut t-shirt on underneath and she's...well...y'know...a pretty healthy girl.," Sara began.

Emily thought she detected a hint of redness in her mom's face as she responded, "I understand, Sara."

"Anyway, Derek Anderson started givin' Courtney a hard time about being loose and easy and stuff. They went back and forth for a while until Derek started callin Courtney a sleazy slut. He just kept sayin' it over and over until she jumped on him and started punchin' him. The bus driver had to pull over and drag Courtney off him or she really woulda beat his...butt."

"Well, I certainly hope you girls stay away from that sort of thing," Mrs. Harrison warned as she turned to leave the room.

"We know," choired Emily and Sara to Mrs. Harrison's back.

Mrs. Harrison just waved a hand as she left the room. Emily and Sara were never a problem, and she realized that her admonition was unnecessary.

For the next three hours Emily and Sara chatted about the week's events at school, got a little misty-eyed over a Lifetime movie about a woman with breast cancer, joined in a teen chat room on the Internet where the discussion centered around whether or not parents had the right to ground teenagers over sixteen, reviewed and revised their mental list of "hot hunks" at school, and finally settled down to a Brady Bunch rerun. It was corny, but they enjoyed it.

A little after 10:00, Emily's eleven-year-old brother, Ben, came in and announced that he was going to bed. He walked over and gave Emily a hug and she kissed him on the cheek.

"Good night Ben."

"Night Emmie"

Ben was the only one allowed to call her Emmie. In fact she didn't even like it very much when people called her Em. She would usually politely request that they please call her Emily. But when Ben was first learning to talk, "Emmie" was the closest he could come to saying "Emily," and it had stuck as his special name for her. He usually only used it when he wanted to let her know that he loved her.

Sara held out her open arms and Ben leaned in.

"Night Sara."

"Good night Ben."

As Ben started to leave the room, Sara whispered, "He's so cute."

"You're not bad either, Sara," Ben shot back. "For a girl."

Emily and Sara just giggled. Emily honestly loved Ben. She remembered how thrilled she was when her mother told her she was pregnant. The seven-year age difference meant that Emily could really help take care of Baby Ben. She didn't do diapers, but she did help with his potty training. She loved holding him and feeding him his bottle, and when he refused to eat his strained carrots, or whatever the vegetable of the day was, Mrs. Harrison would call on Emily. Emily could always get him to eat. She had taught him to hit a baseball, and to ride his bike without training wheels. She held his sweaty, trembling hand as they walked up the sidewalk behind Mrs. Harrison to his first day of school. Emily adored him.

"Good night girls." Mr. Harrison was standing in the doorway.

"Good night Mr. Harrison."

"Good night Dad."

When Mr. Harrison remained standing in the doorway with his hands on his hips, the girls got the message. Emily walked over to the doorway, hugged him, and kissed him on the cheek.

"Night Dad. Love you."

"I love you Honey. Good night."

"Night Mr. Harrison," Sara followed with a hug.

"Good night Sara."

As Mr. Harrison walked down the hall to his bedroom, Sara remarked, as she had so often, how sweet she thought it was that Emily's family was so "huggy," and how pleased she was that they included her.

"Whether you like it or not, they consider you part of the family," Emily reminded her.

"Wanna go to my room?" Emily asked.

"Yeah."

Emily and Sara walked down the hall to the small bedroom Mrs. Harrison used as her home office. She was a full Professor of Mathematics at State University, and a dedicated educator. She spent most evenings grading papers and reviewing and revising lesson plans. Emily often lamented that it was a real pain being the daughter of a math professor since she had to take college level Analytical Geometry while other kids took "Algebra for Idiots" as she called it. She could handle the advanced courses, and seldom required her mother's assistance, but they were difficult. It had been obvious very early in Emily's schooling that her small stature and breast size weren't the only things she inherited from her mother. 

"We're goin' to my room, Mom." She hugged her mother, and her mother kissed her on the cheek. "Good night. Love you."

"Good night, Baby. I love you."

"Night Mrs. Harrison," Sara said with a hug.

"Good night Sara. Don't be up gabbing too long girls."

"We won't," they giggled as they turned and left the room.

The girls went upstairs, walked into Emily's room and Emily closed and locked the door behind them. Her family respected her room and her privacy, but she locked the door anyway. She always did, so Sara thought nothing of it. Sara opened her overnight bag, pulling out her " sleep shirt." Both girls slept in panties and long t-shirts they called "sleep shirts." Emily pulled hers out of her dresser and unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. Emily and Sara had seen each other naked hundreds of times over the years in gym class, soccer, at the beach and at their sleep-overs, so they thought nothing of undressing in front of each other. As Emily struggled to get her tight jeans off, Sara pulled her sweater over her head, opened her jeans, slid them off, and unhooked and removed her bra. Emily finally got her jeans off, pulling her pink satin bikini panties down in the process, and exposing her butt.

"Ooooooohhhhhh Wooooooooooo," whistled Sara, "cute ass, sister."

Emily stuck her rear end in Sara's direction and shook it, then pulled her panties back up.

"And you're wearing those sexy pink panties. Is that just for my benefit?" Sara asked playfully.

"Why of course darling," Emily deadpanned, "I know how much you love me in them."

Both girls giggled as Emily pulled her sweatshirt off and they both slipped the "sleep shirts" over their heads.

Emily pulled the comforter and sheet down from the bed and slid over to the left side. She sat with her legs folded in front of her and her head resting against the headboard. Sara propped her pillow against the headboard and stretched out next to Emily. The wave of panic hit Emily again when she realized that this was it. This was the time she had been waiting for. Even though she had rehearsed it a thousand times in her head, she was suddenly unable to remember what she was going to say. She was searching her brain trying to find the words she had rehearsed when Sara bailed her out.

"Do you really think Courtney is a slut?" asked Sara.

Emily thought for a second. "No, I doubt it. I mean I don't really know her, but I've talked to her a few times, and she seems nice. I really think that sweater was just itchy, and she didn't really realize how much the shirt revealed."

"Derek is a jerk," observed Sara.

"He probably really just wants to get into Courtney's pants," Emily responded, " I bet he went home and jacked off thinking about her tits."

"I bet what Courtney said is true. He probably is a little prick," giggled Sara.

Emily joined in Sara's giggles.

"I bet Ricky Mendoza has a big one," Sara said dreamily. Ricky Mendoza was first on the hot list. "Do you think it really matters how big a guy is?" she wondered.

"I don't know, but from some of the pictures I've seen on the Internet, I better be looking for a 'little prick,' 'cause there's no way I'd let those guys put those elephant trunks inside me," Emily lamented, and Sara chuckled again.

"Sometimes when I play with myself I think about Ricky," Sara said matter-of -factly.

"I usually don't fantasize about guys or anything when I do it, I just enjoy the feeling," Emily responded.

"I do that too most of the time, but sometimes I think about a guy like Ricky."

It was coming back to Emily now. This was the opportunity she was looking for. She had thought about swearing Sara to secrecy before suggesting anything, but she decided that was unnecessary, and would probably insult Sara, so she decided to just say it.

"Do you want to, Sara?" she asked staring straight ahead at the far wall.

Sara looked over at Emily. "Huh?" 

"You know. Masturbate."

Sara turned her head back and looked straight up at the ceiling. "Now?"

"Yes."

"Here?"

"Yep."

"Together?"

"Uh Huh," Emily held her breath.

Sara stared at the ceiling speechless for what seemed to Emily to be an eternity, though it was just a few seconds. Emily was about to go to Plan B and laugh it off as just a joke when Sara turned to her and beamed her best killer smile saying, "Sure. I think that would be fun." 

Emily let out a whoosh of breath as an ear-to-ear grin washed over her face, and her green eyes literally sparkled. "Really?"

"Sure. It'll be fun."

Emily stretched out her legs and laid flat on the bed. She pulled her shirt up past her waist, and hooked her thumbs in her panties. She lifted her butt and slid her panties down past her knees. Raising her knees, her panties fell to her ankles. She pulled her right foot out, dangled her left foot off the side of the bed, shook her panties to the floor, and stretched her legs back out on the bed.

She began massaging her pubic area above her pussy with her left hand. Her pussy was not extremely hairy. The hair was a darker brown and coarser than the hair on her head, and formed a small triangle around her outer lips, which were somewhat puffy. Feeling her vaginal lubrication beginning to flow, she parted her outer lips with her middle finger. Her inner lips were fairly small and pinkish in color. She ran her finger around the outside of her inner lips several times. She liked to start slowly, savoring every second of the fantastic feeling. Sliding her finger into her vaginal opening, she explored her vaginal walls. She always loved how firm but soft they were.

Glancing over, Emily saw that Sara was slowly sliding the middle finger of her right hand in and out of her pussy. Emily had noted on many occasions that Sara's pussy was even less hairy than Emily's, a small oval shaped band of light brown hair circling it. 

Emily also noticed that Sara's eyes were firmly fixed on what Emily was doing to herself. Emily moved her finger up and found her small, hooded clit. It usually required several minutes of direct stimulation for Emily to cum, but she felt it beginning to swell already. She knew that in a few minutes, it would pop out from under its protective hood, ant that would be the sign to Emily that her orgasm was not far behind.

Emily watched as Sara slid a second finger into her vaginal opening, fingering herself faster and deeper now. The two girls watched each other for a minute or so, when Emily found the courage, or maybe it was desire, to proceed to the next step.

She turned on her side a little, and put her hand on Sara's left thigh. Sara watched, but made no effort to stop Emily, so Emily began gently rubbing Sara's leg. She liked the warm feeling of Sara's soft smooth skin. Sara moved her own hand away from her pussy and opened her legs a little more, obviously inviting Emily to continue. Emily moved down on the bed a little to a position where she could see as she slid her finger inside Sara. Sara's outer lips were somewhat smaller than Emily's, but her inner lips were a little bigger, shaped like little wings, and more brownish in color than Emily's.
