 Author's note: First of all, let me thank everyone who commented on my first story. I do so appreciate your thoughts.

My stories are plot driven, so if this is your first exposure to the Erotic Adventures of Lenore, I suggest you read the first story in the series. 

Finally, if you enjoy my stories, please take a few moments and vote. Thanks!

*****

I kissed a girl and I liked it. 

Lenore slowly became aware of her surroundings. She was warm and comfortable, snuggled between satin sheets, her head on a soft silk pillow. Still half asleep with eyes still closed, she reached out tentatively to see if anyone else was in the bed. Nothing to her right. Rolling over, she reached out again. Nothing to her left. Lenore slowly opened her eyes and found the room bathed in soft morning light. Propping herself up on her pillow, she saw that she was alone in the middle of a huge bed in an opulent bedroom, the same bedroom that had been a part of her strange and exciting dream. But was it a dream. Fully awake, she sat up and looked around the room. There on the dressing table were her clothes, right where she had put them in her dream. She needed to investigate further, but more importantly, she needed to answer the call of nature.

Getting out of the bed was no simple chore. It was so large and there were so many covers that it took nearly a full minute before Lenore was finally able to make her way to the edge and set her feet on the soft carpet. Tiptoeing to the partially open door she took to be entrance to the bathroom, she peeked around the corner. It was indeed the bathroom and happily, it was empty. Ducking in the room, she closed the door after her and made a quick dash for the commode. Lenore gave a soft sigh at the release of the pressure on her bladder. Looking around the room, she noticed a large glass door. Lordy but a shower would feel good.

Finishing her business, Lenore slowly opened the door to the bedroom and peeked out. She was still alone. Ducking back in the bathroom, she opened the shower door, and discovered the most unusual shower she had ever seen. It was a room unto itself, big enough to accommodate at least four people. There were multiple showerheads on three walls and the ceiling, but it was the wall opposite the door that drew Lenore's attention. Just like the living room and bedroom, the west wall was a floor to ceiling window with the same stunning view of the Pacific.

Standing naked at the window, Lenore looked out on the cove below. It was late morning and there were several people walking along the beach. For a few seconds she felt exposed until she realized that the beach was quite some distance away and that it would take a powerful set of binoculars for anyone to see her state of dress or in this case, undress. Giggling at the idea, she waved at the people below. Who knows she thought, I might just give them a thrill.

Lenore turned and took a moment to study the shower controls. The small screen offered several settings. Choosing "vigorous" and setting the temperature to 100 degrees, Lenore pushed the ON button. Strong pulses of hot water erupted from every showerhead. Stepping to the center of the room, Lenore allowed the water to caress and massage every inch of her body. Lenore reached for one of the two handheld showerheads, pressed the button on the side and was rewarded with a stream of rapidly pulsing water.

At first she used the handheld showerhead to massage her neck and shoulders, then on a whim, she directed the powerful jet of water towards her pussy. The feeling was sublime. Spreading her legs, she moved the shower head back and forth so that the torrent of water massaged her ass and pussy. Soon the delightful pressure began to build deep within her loins. Reaching down with her free hand Lenore spread her pussy lips, exposing her swollen clit to the rapidly pulsing water. The feeling was electric. She began to feel weak at the knees as sexual pressure rapidly expanded deep in her cunt.

The explosive orgasm caught Lenore by surprise. Screams of pleasure echoed off the walls as waves of sexual bliss crashed through her quivering body. Dropping the showerhead, she slumped to the floor as a final massive wave of pleasure overtook her.

Lenore lay panting on the shower floor as orgasmic aftershocks coursed through her trembling body. The hot water cascading from the walls and ceiling helped her to recover. After a few minutes rest, she was able to catch her breath and get to her feet. She spent a few minutes more enjoying the pulsing hot shower before she finally pushed the OFF button. Stepping back into the bathroom, Lenore took a towel from several draped over the rack next to the shower door. She expected it to be luxurious and was not disappointed.

After quickly drying herself, she wrapped the large towel around her as best she could and opened the door. Cautiously peeking around the edge of the door, Lenore found that she was still alone in the room; however, as she walked through the doorway into the bedroom, she saw that the bed had been made and there was a nightgown laid out at the foot of the bed nearest the bathroom door. Someone had been in the room during her shower. They had been in the room while she pleasured herself with the shower. They had been in the room when she screamed as her orgasm overtook her. Oddly, Lenore found that she was both frightened and excited by the thought.

Stepping to the bed, Lenore picked up the nightgown with both hands and held it at arm's length. It was a full-length gown in robin's egg blue with a delicate Art Deco design on the décolletage. The shear material was like soft butter in her hands. A fleeting look at the label proved her assumptions, Chanel. Dropping the towel to the floor, Lenore quickly shimmied into the diaphanous garment. It was so light it felt as if she was wearing nothing at all. Moving to the mirror, she marveled at the way the material flowed around her. She felt like a teenager trying on her first ball gown, or maybe a bride readying herself for her wedding night. In either case, Lenore thought it was the most beautiful garment she had ever worn. As she looked at herself in the mirror, she felt a sudden pain of grief. She desperately wished to share her joy with someone. For over twenty years, that someone had been Allen. The sudden reminder that he was gone and she was alone in the world washed over Lenore like a cold shower as the momentary joy she had relished just moments ago vanished in its wake.

Standing silent before the mirror, Lenore closed her eyes as she tried to regain her composure as yet another surge of sorrow washed over her. Deep inside she knew that she desperately needed to move on. She knew that is what Allen would want her to do. She knew she had only two choices, submit to the grief and disappear into an emotional pit of despair, or overcome the heartache of her loss and return to the land of the living. "Return to the land of the living." The Visitor had used that same phrase in her dream. But it wasn't a dream. Suddenly Lenore's life had purpose; she needed to discover the identities of the Visitor and the Other.

Without a second thought, Lenore stormed out the bedroom door and took the stairs two at a time. Reaching the top of the stairs, she hesitated. There were voices coming from the kitchen. She quietly made her way to the kitchen door. Turning her ear to the door, Lenore listened quietly to the voice on the other side. One male and the other female, it had to be them. How does do you introduce yourself to strangers with whom you have had sex. Lenore was sure that the situation was not terribly uncommon, but doubted she could find advice in "Miss Manners". Steeling herself to the unknown, she boldly pushed the swinging door and walked into the kitchen.

The smiling face turned to greet her. "Good morning, Dear. Feeling better after your shower?"

Lenore blushed at the thought of the shower. "Yes," there was hesitation in her voice. Steadying herself, she responded stronger "Yes, it was quite nice, thank you."

"So glad you enjoyed it." The woman said with a puckish grin. "I find a hot shower first thing in the more does wonders for my outlook on the day."

The woman's figure and poise totally captivated Lenore. Dressed in a nightgown of pail sea foam green that was so sheer that Lenore could easily make out every detail of the woman's nearly perfect body. She was diminutive, no more than an inch or two taller than Lenore. Her breasts were small but perfectly suited for her small frame, but it was her face that drew Lenore's attention. The woman's aquiline features and high arching eyebrows gave her the mysterious and charismatic look of a gypsy. Lenore was totally captivated.

Gliding around the center island, the woman took Lenore by the hand and led her to a breakfast nook at the far corner of the kitchen.

"You must be famished!" Her voice had a distinctly melodic tone. "Let's you and I have a chat while Don fixes us some breakfast."

Lenore turned to see a tall man, nearly six foot tall, standing near the center island. The woman had so completely mesmerized Lenore that she missed him entirely even though he had been standing right next to her. 

"Yes, please." Lenore stammered, "That would be lovely." 

The woman seated herself in the chair beside Lenore. "I'm sure you have many questions." 

"I do." Said Lenore regaining her composure. "The first of which is, and please forgive me for my bluntness, who are you?"

The woman's laugh was like the soft ringing of wind chimes. "Yes of course, introductions are in order. My name is Beatrice, though most people just call me Bea. My husband's name is Dante, Dante Lupei.

Their names jogged an old memory for Lenore. "Wait, I remember now, Don and Bea, you are old friends of Allen, from before I first met him. I still have the Tiffany vase you sent us as a wedding gift."

"Yes, Allen, Don, and I were friends from childhood." Bea took Lenore's hand in her own and held it gently. "We were devastated by his sudden passing. He was more than family to us."

Lenore was speechless. Even after twenty-five years of marriage, she knew next to nothing about Allen's life before they first met. These people knew him from childhood. Surely they could reveal Allen's mysterious past, they could explain the scars and the dreams.

Setting a delicate saucer with a small cup of hot coffee on the table, Dante saw the look in her face and quickly intervened. "Turkish, sweet with a pinch of cardamom. Am I right?"

Lenore looked up at the tall man standing beside her. His face smiled warmly back at her, but there was a subtle look in his eyes that told her this was neither the time nor the place.

"Yes, thank you. Allen introduced me to Armenian style coffee on our first date and I've loved it ever since. I believe they call it kagcr."

"Your pronunciation is quite good. Allen taught you well" There was a distinctly Balkan accent to his voice. His face reflected the same gypsy heritage as his wife.

While Don served a simple breakfast of yogurt, fruit and croissants, Lenore and Bea chatted about the house and their mutual love of all things Art Deco. She noticed Don's gaze lingering on her breasts as he took his seat across the table. His demeanor conveyed a feeling of confidence, strength and sexuality with an air of foreign mystery that Lenore found most appealing. Lenore felt her face blush followed by a sudden dampness between her legs as she remembered the feeling of his cock deep in her pussy. She saw a look of smoldering desire in his eyes and knew that he too was reliving their passionate lovemaking. Lenore held her hand to her cheek and lowering her eyes. She felt like a teenager on her first date.

"Dante, now look at what you have done. You've embarrassed our guest." Lenore looked at Bea saw once again her puckish smile.

"But Sirekan, I was only admiring her nightgown." Don said, mocking innocence. "I said nothing."

"Just admiring her nightgown?" Bea rolled her eyes. "You were admiring more than her nightgown, you old letch. Time for you to get dressed and run your errands" She turned her attention to Lenore. "Now run along and let us girls get to know each other better."

Looking at Bea's sparkling black eyes, Lenore saw a glimpse of desire, a sentiment that she returned in kind.

"Yes, my pet." Don said as he stood and gathered the breakfast dishes from the table. "Your every wish is my command."

"As it should be." Bea responded with a wink towards Lenore. Leaning forward and placing her hand aside her mouth in the classic conspiratorial gesture. "It's always best to keep them in their place, don't you agree." She said in a loud whisper.

Don quickly cleared away the breakfast dishes and made his way out of the kitchen as Bea and Lenore lingered over a second cup of coffee. Several minutes later, Don, now dressed, popped his head around the kitchen door and announced his departure. The door was still swinging as Bea stood and took Lenore by the hand.

"Let's enjoy our time together." She said in a seductive tone. With Lenore safely in tow, Bea made her way down the stairs to the bedroom. Once inside she quickly removed her nightgown, then turned to help Lenore. Within moments the two women stood naked facing each other. Bea's body had the curves of a healthy woman. Like Lenore, her pussy was bare except for a small patch just above her slit. Her pussy lips, like Lenore's, glistened with the dampness flowing from her cunt.

Taking the initiative, Bea stepped forward, wrapped her arms around Lenore, and kissed her passionately. Lenore detected the faint taste of cherry Chapstick as she pulled Bea closer and slid her knee between Bea's legs. Bea responded by grinding her wet pussy onto Lenore thigh. 

Lenore broke their kiss and looked deep into Bea's eyes. There she saw the fire of animal passion, the same passion welling up within her body. With a soft sigh, Lenore pulled Bea closer, thrusting her tongue between open lips. Lenore felt Bea's thigh slide between her legs and press against her crotch. The two women writhed in pleasure as each enjoyed the carnal touch of the other. Bea broke their embrace, stepped back, and taking her hand, crawled onto the bed, pulling Lenore with her.

Lenore was suddenly lost. Never before had she made love to a woman.

"Teach me." She whispered.

Bea smiled softly. Rolling over she grabbed several pillows and piled them together. Then resting her back on the pillows, she lifted her open arms, inviting Lenore to join her. Moving forward on her hands and knees, she made her way to her new lover. Their lips met in a passionate kiss as tongues danced with lustful joy. Breaking the kiss, Bea placed her right hand under her breast, lifted it gently, offering it to Lenore.

Without hesitation, Lenore lowered her head to Bea's breast. Sticking out her tongue like a playful child, she licked Bea's nipple, then pulled back slightly to watch. Bea's dark areolas expanded as her nipples became erect. Lenore leaned forward and, wrapping her lips around Bea's breast, began to suckle like a child.

"Oh yes!" Bea moaned in delight. "God that feels so good!" Lenore put her hand on Bea's left breast, gently rolling the erect nipple between her fingers.

"Oh God, yes!" Bea thrusts her breasts, encouraging Lenore further. "Ahhh yes!"

Lenore began to kiss and lick her way down Bea's chest and tummy. Inching her way lower, she could hear Bea's soft sighs as she moved closer and closer to Bea's dripping pussy. The deep musky scent of aroused female filled the room arousing both women even further. Lenore felt her lover's body quiver as she reached the small patch of dark hair just above her pussy. Should she dive right in or tease her a little before exploring her pussy? Lenore decided the tease would be more fun and moved to kissing and licking Bea's inner thighs. 

Bea's began to grind her hips and whimper with desire as Lenore's kisses moved closer and closer to the center of her universe. Her desire had become an ache, a beautiful growing ache of pure lust. She no longer wanted relief she needed it.

"Baby!' Bea cried out. "Eat my pussy. . . Please! I need to feel . . . Oh God! . . . I need to feel your tongue on my clit. Ahhhh! Now Lover . . . Oh please, Now!"

Lenore was only too happy to oblige. Starting at the bottom of Bea's quivering pussy, she extended her tongue and slowly licked her way to the top. She had never tasted the love juice of another woman and was surprised at the subtle sweetness. She found she wanted more and began licking Bea's dripping pussy like a kitten at a bowl of cream.

"Oohh Baby!" Lifting her knees, Bea spread her legs to give Lenore more access to her sacred center. "Oh, oh, oh!" Bea panted, "Slide your finger in my pussy and . . . Oh fuck! . . . Find my G-spot!"

Lenore reached forward, slid her finger in Bea's dripping pussy and began to search for that special spot she knew would bring more pleasure to her lover. Within a few seconds she found the special spot deep in Bea's cunt and pressed it gently with the tip of her finger.

"OH GOD YES!" Bea screamed. "Fuck me Baby! Ah . . . Ah . . . Ah! Now . . . Oh yes! Suck . . .Ah! . . . Suck my clit"

Lenore wiggled her tongue between Bea's swollen pussy lips and began to search for her love button. It did not take her long to find Bea's engorged clit. As soon as Lenore touched it with the tip of her tongue, Bea arched her back and screamed.

"Aaaahh! YES Lover! . . . Ah! . . . . That's it!" Bea panted heavily as if she were attempting to catch her breath. "Suck it! . . . Oh God! . . . Suck my clit!" 

Lenore lower her mouth onto Bea's throbbing clit and suckled it like a child at her mother's breast. She could feel Bea was on the edge. Reaching deep into Bea's cunt Lenore once more massaged her lover's G-spot. That did the trick.

Screaming uncontrollably, Bea grabbed Lenore's head and held it to her pussy as she arched her back. Lenore could feel the waves of pure pleasure crashing through her lover's trembling body. She continued to suckle Bea's clit as one final gigantic wave of pleasure exploded deep within Bea's cunt.

Resting her head on Bea's tummy, Lenore held her friend close as she recovered from her orgasm. She could feel the occasional of aftershocks as Bea's breathing slowly returned to normal.

"Oh Baby, that was incredible." Bea said as she stroked Lenore's hair.

Laying quietly, enjoying the touch of Bea's hand, Lenore realized that for the first time in years, she was in love.