 I had walked down the familiar path to the water's edge many times. I have come down here to clear my head. To find some of the tranquility that had become a stranger. This night seemed no different.

The moon was full, surrounded by thousands of stars on this cloudless night. I watched a small breeze as it rippled the mirror-like surface of the bay. Warm air swept past me as I sat down on the old familiar driftwood log. I leaned against a large boulder, closed my eyes and listened to the motion of the water against the rocks; the rhythm soothed me.

Some time had passed before I opened my eyes and noticed that the moon was no longer visible. Dark clouds had completely covered the sky. The air was heavy and still. I tried to estimate how long I had been asleep, but I was not sure.

Surrounded by clouds and a gray mist that appeared from nowhere, I lit up a cigarette. For a moment, the flame of the match blinded me. A sudden burst of wind extinguished it. I sat there quietly until my eyes readjusted, and I listened to the loud thunder of my heartbeat.

This is ridiculous, there is nothing here, I told myself. My heartbeat returned to normal. I glanced around; the red glow illuminated the ground in front of me. I took another draw from my smoke. I neither saw nor heard anything except for the strong wind that whistled through the trees.

I got ready to leave when I thought I heard footsteps behind me. I ran for cover behind the boulder and waited to see what would happen.

It did not take very long. 

Just beyond the edge of the clearing, I could see a beam of blue light. It appeared to be some kind of lantern. The light source approached, and I could see that somebody held it. Whether it was male or female, I could not tell. The fog hid its identity.  

It came closer to where I hid. I could see that a long, hooded cloak covered this figure. I stood still. My heart pounded loudly, I was sure it would give me away.

All of a sudden, the clouds had moved and the moon was again bright. The glow now illuminated the vicinity. The figure stood alone in the clearing, as it lowered the hood of the wrap to reveal the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. 

Bathed in the moonlight, the vision astounded me. Her black hair was straight, the length reached just below her shoulders. Her dark eyes seemed to pierce the darkness as she scanned the area. She now stood in the exact spot as I had earlier. 

While the woman surveyed the area, she turned her head and gazed in my direction. My chest tightened, I could hardly breathe. Without speaking, she beckoned. I came out and walked towards her. I stared up into her eyes. I did not know why I felt no fear. There we stood. There was no need for verbal communication. Somehow, her thoughts entered my mind; I understood her very clearly. She told me how she had watched me (how many times had I thought myself to be alone!) and observed my nocturnal habits.

She then reached out her hands, and waited patiently for mine to join. Her strong, soft hands pulled me closer towards her and slipped my arms around her waist. The heavy covering she wore hid a lithe body. My head came to rest upon her small, firm breast. I tingled with excitement. She removed her cloak and laid it on the ground. I sat down and leaned back as she loomed over me. Her soft, thick hair tickled my face.

She leaned down further and our lips met. Our tongues began to circle. While her hands roamed all over my body, mine felt pinned beneath me. I struggled to free them, but it was no use. She unbuttoned my shirt and moved her mouth to my breast. She flicked her tongue over my rock-hard nipples, going from one to the other. Waves of delight ran through my whole body.

Again, our tongues played together, and then her mouth was upon my breasts again. She sucked and nibbled as she made her way down. I anxiously anticipated her next move. She did away with my jeans. I grinned at not having worn anything underneath. 

Her fingers caressed my clit, and then suddenly entered me. I opened my legs wider, which gave cause for her to stop. She glanced at me to confirm my notion, and then continued. It was then clear that to move again, would result in her stop her actions. 

Once more, I felt her hand between my legs. Her mouth sucked my breasts, alternating between them. My arms were no longer pinned, yet I knew to move them would be futile.

She eased herself lower; her tongue took the place where her fingers had been. Her hands caressed my breasts and belly, intermittently. Her tongue flitted about as I squirmed with ecstasy. She brought a hand down to join her tongue and inserted her fingers deep inside me. A moan escaped from my lips. 

I was now involved with the rhythmic movements as she caressed my breasts; her tongue as she flicked and her fingers as they probed; as if we were one. I felt close to a climax, long overdue. 

I felt free to move, now. I reached out; my hands reached out and grabbed her thick hair. I knew she would not stop again. I squirmed and quivered; the still air echoed with my moans of ecstasy. My back arched over the ground. I clenched her hair in my fists as I exploded in fierce orgasm. My body trembled for a few minutes as the throbbing sensation quieted.

I released my death grip of her hair as she teased; her tongue flitted over my swollen clit. She raised her head and left a wet tongue trail up to my breasts before we kissed again. I looked into her eyes and saw a gentle passion. I put my arms around her. 

I heaved a long sigh and closed my eyes. As we lay there together, my brain mused over the evening's events. Never before had I orgasmed so powerfully, so completely. This was definitely a night to remember.

I looked forward to making love to her. However, when I opened my eyes, she was gone. 

At first, I thought this had just been a dream, for it was dark and the moon was faint through the clouds. Yet, I was still unclothed, the slight breeze chilled my exposed flesh.

Uncertain as to the events of the night, I began to trace my steps as I finished dressing, thinking about her. Would I ever see her again? I glanced around as I searched for a clue to validate my thoughts. 

Suddenly, a burst of blue light came down from the heavens. As quickly as it had come, the light disappeared. I looked upward, and saw the flashing lights as they soared across the sky, leaving behind an experience to last a lifetime ...