 When agent K1 regained consciousness everything was black. Her head hurt as if her old soccer team had been using it for the ball. She quickly dismissed any thoughts of being dead. There was no way that being dead could hurt this much. Her brain was trying to work but things were still really fuzzy. What had happened? Where was she? 

K1 was a member of a secret UN agency that as far as the rest of world knows does not exist. This secret organization was specifically designed to fight, for lack of a better term super-villains. Strange, mutated and or biologically advanced people who want to take over the world. Yes men and women bent on world domination just like in comic books and TV. 

K1 had once been a normal college cheerleader until a UN representative approached her about joining their team of commandos. An orphan of only child parents K1 one had been perfect. If she was killed or disappeared there would be no one who'd miss her. 

As K1 tried to move she discovered two things. First, that it was not only her head that hurt but her whole body. Second, that she was strapped down. The straps felt thick and she was guessing nylon or something like that. I'll use the saw in my watch, K1 thought, it will chew right through these bonds. 

"Damn," Said K1 as she discovered her watch was gone.

Where was it? 

"Hello Princes. Looking for this?" 

K1 easily recognized that voice, Sheila Green.

Sheila was the sidekick of K1 arch nemeses, Dr. Drew. She was K1's height and general weight, 5'8 120. They both had a well toned, athletic body type. Sheila was older than K1 but K1 didn't know by how much. Their fighting skills were also evenly matched, save for the fact that Sheila had a superpower in the form of hands that seem to be able to rip through just about anything. 

That is where their similarities ended. K1 had red hair and a pail but bright completion. Sheila had dark black hair with almost green skin. Another major difference was that K1 had an almost boyish figure, flat chest with mosquito bit tits and no butt. Sheila on the other hand was voluptuous with more cures than the pacific coast highway. K1 was usually up beat and fought on the side of good. Whereas Sheila was condescending, smart mouthed and fought for evil.

Sheila almost always wore a green and black suit, her uniform from when she was part of Team G. Years ago Sheila and four other KGB agents had been hit by a meteor which had given them all super powers. They had formed "Team G" and fought for good. Each member of team had a signature color. One brother had dressed in blue and black. Another brother had dressed in purple and black. Sheila's colors were green and black. K1 figured Sheila still wore the old uniform either out of respect to her old team members, or as a way to thumb her nose at them. Most likely the latter. 

"So you're finally awake." 

"Finally? How long have I been out?" Asked K1.

"Well dear, you've been fading in and out for the last couple of hours. I've hear concussions will cause you to do that."

"Concussion?" Once again K1 tried to get up only to be stopped by the straps. 

"What are the straps for, Sheila? Afraid you can't handle me?"

"Oh, I can hand you, but I didn't want you to get hurt while we were moving you." 

"Where are we Sheila?"

"My Place."

"You mean we're not in Dr. Drew's lair?"

Sheila sighed, "Well, we couldn't stay there after you blew it up, now could we?"

"No. I guess not."

Sheila walked over to where K1 lay on a gurney. Sheila undid the straps. K1 moved to sit up once they were gone. Sheila put her hands on K1's shoulders and lightly pushed her back down onto the table. "Easy, don't try to get up."

"Afraid I'll escape?"

"No. I'm afraid you'll hurl."

K1 pushed back on Sheila's arms and 

reached a sitting position. Once there she regretted it. Her head swam and the room began to spin. Nausea hit her and she reached out for anything to steady herself. Sheila slowly moved her back into a laying position. Once flat again K1 grabbed the sides of the gurney and held on for dear life. Within minutes the room came to rest and her stomach settled. 

When K1 opened her eyes Sheila was monitoring her breathing and looking at her face. She smiled when she saw that K1's eyes were open. "I told you not to move." Surprisingly, Sheila's face and tone were one of concern not malice.

"You may have smashed your ear drum in the explosion. Not to mention you may still be suffering from a slight concussion." She continued while pulling out a small pen light and flashing it in K1's eyes.

Slowly, Sheila moved K1 to a nearby bed. She slowly raised K1 into a sitting position. Looking down K1 saw she was wearing green and black flannel Pajamas that had SG embroidered on the pocket. "Sheila, where are my clothes?"

"You mean these?" Sheila smiled as she held up what was left of K1's black t-shirt in one hand and her cargo pants in the other. There wasn't much left of them and what there was smelled vile. 

K1's mind quick formed a picture of how much of her body would be exposed if she were wearing only the scraps of cloth Sheila was holding up and all the blood rushed to her face in a blush. Sheila seeing K1's discomfort walked over and sat on the side of the bed. Sheila spoke in an almost sisterly tone, as she stroked K1's hair, "Don't worry K1. I got to you before any of Dr Drew's goons and I made sure none of them saw or touched anything."

Sheila walked over to a table and brought K1 a drink of water, "And don't worry about Dr Drew either. He and the boys know better than to come to my house. So it's just us girls." 

"So you're just going to let me go?"

"In a little while, yes." Sheila's tone turned from sincere to concerned, "I want to make sure you're ok first." 

"Thanks." Was all K1 could mange.

"I may be a super villain but I'm not a murder." Sheila said with more than a bit of umbrage. "Get some rest I'll be back with another blanket." 

Was this a dream K1 thought. Sheila being nice to her just didn't seem right. Of course they had never spent that much time together they were always too busy trying to kill each other. But why would Sheila, go to all the trouble of taking care of me? K1 wondered. If she wanted to kill me all the other times we fought. 

K1 tried really hard to think of all the time she and Sheila had fought and there had been quite a few. Sheila was older stronger and she had those glowing hands. Even a well trained fighter can't defeat an opponent with better skills, weapons and the will to use them. 

After several minutes of thinking the reason hit K1 and it was startling to say the least. Sheila did not want to kill her. Sheila was playing with her. Every time K1 got better Sheila dialed her fighting skills up another level so they were just about equal. Sheila wanted K1 to keep coming back. But why? Maybe Sheila found some enjoyment in fighting K1. Lord knows K1 did. It was always satisfying to land a good punch or nice kick. But K1 had to admit, to be held down by Sheila or to lie on top of her, holding her down was far more enjoyable.

What the hell am I thinking? K1 thought as she shook her head, Sheila is evil. She doesn't care about anyone but herself. She captured me, strapped me down and is holding me against my will. Of course I would have died if not for her help. I'm not strapped down now and she did say she was planning to let me go. What the hell Possible. Sheila's an evil villain and you're talking like you crushing on her. O my god I am crushing on her.

Sheila walked in carrying a small covered tray. "Are you up for a little dinner?"

Completely forgetting her previous experience with sitting up too fast, K1 did so again with a similar result. This time however, she did hurl and then collapsed onto the floor.

K1 woke up within minutes. Sheila had put the tray down and rusted to her side. She had picked K1 up and resettled her in bed. Fortunately, K1 had hurled all over a small area rug. Sheila simply rolled it up, took it outside and incinerated it a flash of green light. Dusting her hand she returned to the room opened it only window and turned on a ceiling fan.

K1's face was apologetic to say the least when Sheila walked in. "Sorry about your rug."

"It's ok. It was Dr. D's favorite but I hated it so, Thank you?"

Sheila handed K1 a small bowl full of water and a travel toothbrush and tooth paste.

"Thanks Sheila."

"No big." Sheila grimaced, "I'm guessing you're not hungry."

"On the contrary, I'm starving."

Sheila noticeable perked up as she set a serving tray over K1's lap and put the small plate on it. It was only a chicken salad sandwich and chips but K1 ate it with relish. As she ate K1 decide she had to ask the question that had been bothering her since she woke up. "Sheila, did you see R1?"

Sheila instantly reverted to old Sheila mode at the mention of R1's Name. "You mean the buffoon. Don't worry your little side kick slash boyfriend is just fine. I saw him loping away under his own power, so I assume he's ok."

There was an awkward silence and then Sheila started in again. "What do you see in him anyway? I mean I know he has an IQ of like 185 but..."

K1 forced a smile. "He's a big goof."

K1's brain was not firing on all cylinders yet, but she knew jealousy when she heard it. Sheila was jealous of R1, but jealous of him for what? K1 soon got her answer.

"Last I heard you two were dating."

Oh my god she's jealous that R1 has me, Thought K1. So why is Sheila Jealous of R1 having me and more important why does that kind of excite me?

"No. I mean we went out once..."

"But..." Sheila asked her tone softening now that R1 was no longer the topic of interest. 

"But, He's more like a brother than a boyfriend. I mean the thing is he..." K1 decided to change the subject. "Thank you for the sandwich. It was really good." Sheila cleared the plate and tray.

"Sheila, can I ask you a personal question?"

Sheila sat in a high backed arm chair, "Sure."

"Why are you evil?"

Sheila was up and back at K1 side in a second. "I'm not evil." 

K1 cringed from the force of the shout. Sheila walked back and sat in the arm chair again and repeated in a much softer tone, "I'm not evil." 

"You steal stuff. You try to take over the world."

"Dr. Drew tries to take over the world." Sheila extended her pointer finger towards K1. "I'm just along for the ride. I only hurt people when I absolutely have too and I don't kill. As I said before I'm not a murder."

"So you're not evil, than why work for someone who is."

Sheila got out of the chair and walked over to sit beside K1. "Dr Drew is evil, but he's one other thing."

"Insane?"

"Stupid." Sheila let that sink in for a minute before going on. "K1, I know that you have a low opinion of me but I'm not stupid. If I where evil and I wanted to take over the world don't you think I could?"

"Ok so you're not evil. But if you're not evil, then what are you?"

Sheila smiled, "Bad."

"Bad?"

"Yes K. I'm bad; mischievous; even a little bit naughty."

K1's heart was pounding. She had never been this close to Sheila and not punching her. Her brain was putting all the information together. I was crushing on Sheila. Sheila is jealous of Ron because Ron is dating me. Sheila is taking great care of me and explaining to me all the reasons that she does what she does. Why would she care what I thought of her? Unless... Sheila's trying to impress me because she crushing on me? 

"Have you ever been bad?" K1's silence said no. "Well you should try it some time. It's a whole lot more fun."

"Stealing is not my idea of fun."

Sheila leaned in so close to K1's face they were practically nose to nose. "Steal stuff is bad but why don't we start with naughty."

Before K1 could protest Sheila kissed her firm on the lips. K1 had always assumed Ron in highschool was a good kisser but he was a wet fish compared to Sheila. Her lips were warm and wet. Sheila held the kiss as though her life would end once they separated. Surprising enough K1 found herself not wanting it to end it either. Therefore, when Sheila's tong entered her mouth she greeted it warmly. Finally, Sheila broke the kiss leaning back panting but also smiling. K1 smiled back dumb founded by the kiss. 

"See, being naughty is kind of fun."

That was the best kiss K1 had ever had.

"You think you can stand without passing out?" asked Sheila as she got up.

Between the rest and the food K1 did feel a lot stronger. "I think so."

Sheila stood and helped a shaky K1 to her feet. K1 didn't hurl. Sheila lead her down the hallway to a tile floored bathroom. "What are you thinking Sheila?"

"I'm thinking you don't smell the best, Princes."

"After you," said K1.

"No after you," insisted Sheila with a flourish of her right arm.

"Why." K1 asked suspiciously.

Sheila looked hurt, "Because if you slip I can't ketch you if you're behind me."

K1 looked at Sheila ashamed, "I'm sorry. You've been nothing but kind to me."

"So you still want to get cleaned up?"

"Please." 

Sheila guided K1 to a vanity with a large oval mirror on the wall and a green vessel sink. K1 flinched at her own reflection. She had total bed head. Her hair, normally bright red, was dishwater brown. Her face and neck were clean, thanks to Sheila, but the rest of her was covered in a thin layer of dirt and she couldn't be sure but one of her eyebrows looked a little scorched.

K1 turned away from the mirror. Sheila came up behind K1 and began to rub K1's shoulders. "What's wrong?" she asked.

"Look at me," K1 whimpered "I look...I look..."

"Like you were shout out of a cannon." Sheila completed the sentence.

Sheila took K1's chin between thumb and fore finger and rotated her face around so she had to look at her face in the mirror. Sheila then started rubbing K1's shoulders again. "You look like you have been shot out of a cannon sweetie, because you kind of were." K1's face dropped again and Sheila returned it to facing the mirror. "But don't worry I can fix that."

Sheila slowly, cautiously turned K1 around to face her. Sheila leaned in and kissed K1 again. Sheila began to unbutton the front of K1's pajamas. From the first wisps of cold air against her bear skin, K1 realized that not only was she not worried about Sheila seeing her naked but that she was, becoming very aroused by it. Her nipples were hardening and her pussy was getting wet.

Sheila unhooked the last button and opened K1's top. Sheila kissed K1 on the lips, then on the cheek and the neck. She kept going down K1's body until she came to K1's left nipple. The electric throb that accompanied each of Sheila's kisses suddenly intensified and K1 looked down to see why. Sheila's was lightly encircling K1's nipple. The rhythmic massage sent a new bolt of pleaser though K1. She could barely stand it. "Oh Sheila..."

K1 grabbed the counter behind her to steady herself as Sheila continued. Sheila dropped her right hand to the waist band of K1's pajama pants. Surmising what Sheila had in mind K1 moved her own hand to Sheila's in an attempt to cut her off. "Please...Sheila...Not...Yet." K1 said in between breaths.

Sheila's eyes were for an instant as fiery. Sheila's hand went to the waist band of K1's pants. Already a size or two too big the pants fell to the ground in a heap. The sudden act of anger pushed K1 over the edge. Using her cheerleading skill she broke from Sheila's grasp, stepped back and jumped into Sheila's arm's. K1's legs gripping Sheila's hips and her arms wrapped around Sheila's neck and then pressed her lips to Sheila's. 

Sheila hadn't been ready for K1's vault, but training and fighting K1 had her reflexes heightened and she was ready for K1's weight. Sheila's eyes were covered by K1's red hair so she couldn't see at all as she took a few steps forward. Sheila didn't know how far it was to the counter so she stepped carefully towards the counter. K1's passion didn't wane so Sheila knew she had reached the sink only when she felt the counter taking some of K1's wait. K1's flurry of kisses was grow in intensity to the point that Sheila was becoming concerned that K1 might be trying to kiss her to death. With one arm still holding K1 Sheila pushed with just enough force into her two fingers to brake threw the panties K1 was wearing. Once through they continued into her soaking wet pussy. 

K1's face bent skyward and her back arched, as though someone had stabbed her. Sheila had found and was rubbing K1's clit. Within seconds K1's pussy closed around Sheila's fingers. Sheila smiled a Cheshire's grin as she continued to play with K1's love button until she screamed. Sheila held tight to K1's back as she bucked violently several times and relaxed her grip only after K1's body went limp.

Sheila removed what was left of K1's panties and carried her over to the tub. The tub was designed for sitting and soaking. There was a series of jets placed to stimulate the pleasure centers of the body. Sheila turned on the water and brought it up to temperature and decided to get undressed while the tub filled.

Still dazed K1 could only watch as Sheila unbuttoned the top button of her uniform and then unzipped the front of her tunic. K1's eyes went wide. Beneath her top Sheila wore a simple black bra with a little green bow where the cups met. K1 watched Sheila remove the remainder of her cloths in rapt attention. Sheila unbuttoned and unzipped her pants next. She then removed them slowly with a little stripper's wiggle. Sheila wore black panties with a green rose blossom embroidered on the front. K1 had the same pare at home with a red blossom in front. The difference was K1 never had the courage to wear hers. 

"Oh my hair." K1 shouted.

Sheila rushed to her side, "What?"

"I need to put my hair up."

"Why? It needs to be washed more than any other 

part of you."

"Do you know how long it takes to dry this much hair?" K1 asked holding up the soaked ends of her red hair.

Sheila swished her jet black hair, which was twice as long as K1's, back and forth. "Oh I think I have an idea. Don't worry sweetie I have a way to dry your hair in no time flat."

K1 sunk lower into the water to hide her blush. Sheila cleaned and caress every inch of K1's body from her scalp to her little toe. K1 hadn't been this thoroughly cleaned since she was exposed to an alien race several years ago. Sheila took a strange silver device in her left hand and with a single swipe down K1's left leg removed the more than two days hair growth of her leg. K1's looked down with disbelief. The skin was smooth and only slightly warm to the touch. Sheila did the other leg with equal swiftness. 

"That's amazing."

"Thank you." Sheila smiled, "It's my own invention. It removes hair anywhere and it won't grow back."

"Ever?"

"Not for more than a month. Dead hair follicles don't grow."

"Cool."

"Now with regards to a couple of other places..." Sheila lift each of K1's arms and swiped under each, "The French look is defiantly not for you. And with regards to one other place..."

K1 moved her hands quickly to cover her uncut red bush. "No. Not that too."

"K1, I am all for carpet." Sheila said as she ran her not glowing fingers through K1's crimson bush. "And I love that in this case it matches the drapes," Sheila said as she ran her finger along K1's fore head just below her hair line, "But this shag look is well..." Sheila stuck out her tong to finish the sentence. 

K1 Looked down at her own bush. She had to admit it looked very untidy. "What did you have in mind?"

Sheila smiled, "Just a little shave and a trim."

"How little?"

When Sheila was done K1's pussy was hairless save for a small patch in the shape of a downward pointing triangular whose point ended at the top of K1's clit. To Sheila it was like an arrow point the way to heaven. "Now that looks good," said Sheila admiring her handy work.
