 Welcome to part three of Karen's adventures. This story continues the previous themes of submission, exhibitionism, and an introduction to lesbianism. For the majority of you, I'm sure that 'warning' has just spurred you on. But if you don't like those things, please don't read the story and get all offended, as you aren't the intended audience. 

But if you really like the story, please give me a score, or let me know directly. I love getting feedback on this site; it's the main reason I write. So if you want the story to continue, let me know.

---

I was heading round for my weekly report to the Keels', not terribly happy with our progress. It had only been a week, of course; but our company website had only managed two matches for potential customers in the right area. There wasn't really a way to make it sound better than it was, and all there was to do was wait; which is precisely why estate agents don't usually agree to give weekly reports to their clients.

But William and Jessica Keel were far from ordinary clients. In order to sign them as customers, which I needed to do as I was desperate for sales, I had had to strip naked in their home! I then had to masturbate in front of them, before taking William in my mouth and sucking him off. I had had to agree to give weekly reports in person, and strip every time I came round. And sure enough, when I surveyed the house for the property portfolio, I did half the job in lingerie and the other half nude. Then I had ended up on the bed, whilst Mrs. Keel had licked me and teased me to the orgasm of my life.

It took me half an hour before I could stand up!

Mr. Keel turned out to have been watching the whole thing - no surprise there! - but didn't get physically involved himself. Mrs. Keel left me to get dressed, and we talked over a cup of tea later. That might seem an unusual way of recuperating after a monumental orgasm; but with limbs like jelly I wasn't really ready to reciprocate. Plus, I still wasn't sure what I felt about the whole thing. I didn't know what to make of this extraordinary - perhaps life-changing - event.

I mean, did it make me a lesbian if I had orgasms like that? No man had ever come close!

And I'd gone down on her too, a few days earlier; and although it hadn't been entirely willingly, I hadn't really fought against it either.

And I'd kind of liked the taste of her.

So we talked, over tea; she advised me not to worry about it or try and label myself. She said in her experience people often found their 'labels' coming unstuck when they were pushed.

I was a little reassured, and I guess the way she acted so utterly normal about the whole thing didn't leave much of an opening to say "But this is crazy!"

I finished my job taking a series of photos in the garden (naked, of course - I was glad for the high walls and the late-afternoon sun) and then I was done for the day.

Later that night, I soaked my cares away in a long, luxurious bubble bath; gently caressing myself to a sensual orgasm as I daydreamed about being eaten out by Mrs. Keel once more. 

Walking naked into my bedroom, I glanced at myself in the broad mirror facing the bed, and (despite every woman's built-in insecurities) admired the smooth lines of my long legs. My wet red hair fell in straggly rats-tails halfway down my back to within inches of my pert bottom. No doubt about my best features! I thought as I dried myself. The Keel's had certainly appreciated them!

---

Try as I might not to obsess about it, I couldn't help thinking about what all this meant about me, about my sexuality. I mean, I didn't have a boyfriend at the moment, and I'd been looking on and off. But now... Now, I found myself looking at women as I passed them in the street!

I found myself glancing sideways as a pretty blonde walked past; or when my co-worker Sally bent over in her short skirt to empty the shredder. She always seemed to do that when Geoff would get an eyeful of her legs and bum, I noticed. 

Now, I was noticing Sally's legs and bum myself; and found that I was visualising how they would appear without the tight skirt and black tights. Wondering what her pussy would look like as she bent over.

It seemed pretty clear that I wasn't quite as straight and unbending as I'd thought. But, was I really bi? Maybe this was all just a bit of fascination with something different; something I hadn't really chosen.

Maybe it was giving up control that made me act like I had. That made me so horny. It had been a turn-on being told what to do. What were they called? Submissive? Maybe I would have felt the same if a sexy guy had taken over the way Mrs. Keel had.

Maybe I wouldn't.

I turned through their gates, and into their driveway. My tiny car had no trouble fitting through; and there was usually plenty of space in front of the house. Today though, there was an extra car, and I had to park carefully not to block it in. 

Getting out of my own car, I saw movement in the garden, and turned towards it. 

A woman stood watching me, and lifted a gloved hand to give me a wave as she saw she had my attention. 

I stopped and stared, not realising that my jaw had dropped as I took in the sight before me.

This girl, about my age I guess, was a tall Latin girl with a deep bronze tan, wearing just a teeny white vest top and denim shorts. The sleeveless top was stretched tight across large braless breasts, and actually didn't quite cover their lower curves; which were just visible underneath. Her nipples were easily visible through the top, although not erect. This must be Fernanda, the girl who cleaned - naked - for the Keels.

She smiled, and dropped her wave, turning away. The image of her breasts lingered in my head for just a second as I realised the truth about her denim 'shorts'. They might have been shorts once, or even a pair of hipster jeans; but now they were little more than a thong, and two beautifully tanned buttocks flexed as she walked a couple of steps away from me. 

My eyes bugged out as she slowly bent over to pick up a bundle of pulled weeds on the ground. The denim thong; raggedy-edged and diminutively tiny, disappeared between her buttocks, just giving her the tiniest covering to retain her decency, if not her modesty.

She straightened up, tossing a quick glance over her shoulder at me before sauntering down the garden slowly. Her long black hair was pulled back in a ponytail that hung down her back, and she wore white sandals. How I noticed that I don't know, as I swear my eyes never left her arse!

Finally, my brain caught up with events, and I realised that I was literally staring open-mouthed at this womanly vision. I closed my mouth, blushing furiously, and turned away. The house. I needed to go into the house.

I stumbled as I scurried inside, where I might not look such a gaping fool.

Dear Lord, what was happening to me?

Inside the porch, half of the table was taken up with someone else's neatly folded clothes. 

Were they hers? Was someone else inside? Would we see each other?

I paused, flustered. Anyone coming in after me would realise. Realise that I had taken my clothes off. What would the Latin girl think? Would she visualise me naked, as I had her? 

Maybe she already had.

Time was wasting though. I should just bite the bullet and strip. I was wearing a very ordinary suit - it didn't seem worth wearing my best clothes when the Keels would have me straight out of them anyway!

I shimmied out of the suit and hung it up, then undid my blouse to fold onto the table. Underneath, I was wearing matching soft pink lacy underwear. More of a thong this time, but with extra frills to make it interesting. The push-up bra lifted my C-cup breasts into an impressive cleavage, although nothing to compare with the girl outside.

I opened the door, and walked in. Mrs. Keel called me through to the front room, and I went through. We greeted each other with a kiss on each cheek, and sat on the sofa; me in my underwear, and her fully dressed.

I heard the front door open and close, and froze slightly as I heard soft footsteps pass down the hall, and then up the stairs. Nervously, I began to talk about my work that week, and the slow state of sales in the region. Mrs. Keel listened attentively, with lots of nods and little "Oh dear" noises.

"Really, it sounds as if this is going to be a slow process," she said sadly. "Still, Tom and I aren't in any particular hurry, fortunately. And it's lovely to think we'll have your company for longer."

I saw movement in the corner of my eye and turned to see the statuesque form of Fernanda enter the room. My eyes bulged as I took her in. Her bronzed, curvaceous body was now clad in just the tiniest, skimpiest of bikinis which clung wetly to her body. She was damp, with beads of moisture speckling her breasts and cleavage.

"Oh, Fernanda. How lovely to see you. Have you freshened up?"

"Yes Mrs. Keel," purred the sexy Latina. Her voice was smoky and sensual.

"Fernanda, this is Karen. She's our new estate agent."

She put out her hand as she walked over, towering above me as I sat on the sofa. I felt quite intimidated by the bronze beauty; my hand lily-white against her skin. I wasn't used to women towering over me - I was five ten, with plenty of leg. But Fernanda was taller.

"You are so pretty Karen," purred the glamorous goddess standing over me. "Your soft skin, your red hair - you are, what do you say, an 'English Rose' yes?"

I smiled softly, feeling anything but pretty next to the curvaceous tanned body she possessed. Her dark hair and eyes were seductive and sensual.

Mrs. Keel spoke. "She certainly is! A beautiful flower - and we should get her out into the sunshine."

Fernanda smiled at me, dabbing at her statuesque chest with a small towel. 

Mrs. Keel looked at me again. "Karen, I'm sure you'll need some strong sun-block to protect that pretty skin of yours. Fernanda here has her own tanning oil. Why not help her put it on?"

I could do little but nod, open-mouthed as Mrs. Keel handed me a bottle of oil. Fernanda took a couple of steps back into the middle of the room, and slipped her tiny bikini off with swift movements. In a couple of seconds, she stood proudly naked in the middle of the room.

Her body was unbelievable - a Brazilian goddess! Her breasts were full, heavy and high. Not an inch of sag in them, each tipped with a dark pink nipple. She had no tan-lines at all, clearly preferring to tan topless. At her waist was the very faintest of pale lines, and around her shaven pussy, the skin was a few shades lighter, although clearly still quite tanned. She often sunbathed nude then, although not exclusively. 

"Try not to drip on the carpet, dear" said Mrs. Keel as she settled back into her chair to watch.

I swallowed nervously before standing up and approaching Fernanda, pale and nervous in my pink underwear. As I thought, she was almost two inches taller than me, looking down at me with a soft smile.

Where to start? The expectation was clearly that I would anoint Fernanda's entire flawless body; a task that had me feeling both excited and scared of. I could not deny my attraction to this curvaceous beauty, and it scared me. I had always thought of myself as straight, and could even hide behind the necessity of getting a job for going down on Mrs. Keel the week before. But I had been entranced by Fernanda before even entering the house, when I had no idea we might spend time together so intimately.

Fernanda smiled warmly at me, and put an arm out in my direction. Her arm. Yes, that would be good. A nice safe place to start. I tipped some oil into my palm, and began to apply it to her smooth skin, following the grain of the tiny sun-bleached hairs on the backs of her forearms.

Soon, I moved up to her shoulders, and came round behind her, oiling her broad shoulders, and down her spine. I stopped before oiling that beautifully rounded bottom, nervous of my own excitement at handling it.

I oiled her second arm, bringing me back round to face her. There was nowhere 'safe' left to go now; and I felt Fernanda's eyes on me as I tipped oil into my palm again. I put the oil bottle down, and shared the slick substance between my hands, gathering my nerve before placing my hands on the top of her chest. I tried not to look at her face, but this only left me the option of staring at her chest as my hands ran down onto her magnificent bosom. Each hand was filled to overflowing with her firm but yielding breasts, and her nipples stiffened under my fingers. I couldn't help glancing up as I ran my hands under the curved undersides, and our gazes locked. Her eyes were hungry, her smile not just friendly, but expectant. She held my gaze as my hands wandered up again, caressing her breasts for several seconds before I realised what I was doing.

Blushing, I dropped both my eyes and my hands to her belly; soft beneath her heavy breasts. She was slim, but not as slim as I; still, I guess if she lost weight it would come straight from her beautifully curved breasts and bottom. Glad of a moment's reprieve, I coated her belly quickly. I couldn't quite bring myself yet to coat her exposed pubis, and knelt down to oil up her legs. I used both hands, quickly coating the two firm limbs - aside from her bottom and her pussy; both conspicuous by their incompleteness.

I had an idea, and moved behind her. Fernanda's legs had parted slightly, and I had realised that I could anoint both her bottom and her pussy from behind if I reached through. At least she wouldn't be staring down at me, daring me to meet her gaze.

I took hold of her buttock cheeks, each in a trembling hand, and slid my oily fingers across them. Her firm bottom flexed under my grasp, as I ran my fingers down the cleft between them. Then my hands moved back out again in broad sweeps, and a third movement brought them back in, cupping the lower part of her bottom almost tenderly.

I put a little more oil in my left palm, and dipped the fingers of my right hand in. Was this really such a good idea? I reached through, trying to gently push my hand between her thighs to reach her pussy, and Fernanda quietly put her feet together. My hand was squeezed between her strong thighs; and although I knew that I would be able to pull it out, I couldn't help looking up to meet her face.

She looked amused, and aroused; her cheeks flushed. 

"Wouldn't that be easier from in front, my little rose?" she said with her delightful accent. She didn't release either my eyes or my hand, but when I nodded, she gestured with her head that I should move in front of her. My right hand remained stuck between her firm thighs as I shuffled round to face her, kneeling on a level with her waist.

Finally, I let the oil run from my palm to my fingers as I brought my left hand up to touch the sensitive area between her thighs. My fingers gently flicked across her neat pussy lips, much smaller than those of Mrs. Keel; more like my own small cunny. She sighed, finally moving her feet apart again so that I could reach between her thighs with both hands. 

Now I used both hands to anoint her. Given carte blanche to explore, I traced my oily fingers all over her pudenda, and across the tight whorl of her anus. Apparently of its own accord, one of my fingers began to gently probe between her coral lips; and I watched fascinated as my finger slowly moved inside her.

Fernanda sighed softly as my forefinger delicately parted her pussy lips, feeling its way into the silky-soft interior. She was wet already, presumably from my work coating her body in oil. She looked down at me as I gently worked my forefinger inside her, and reached down, her long fingers catching me under my chin.

Fernanda pulled me up gently, and I came up to my feet; standing in front of her naked perfection in pink lingerie. She tilted my head up to hers, and leaned down to kiss me softly on the lips, her hands caressing the sides of my face. 

My own hands remained where they were - one inserted into her tight pussy, and the other holding her pert bottom. 

I felt so sexy and desirable as this goddess kissed me, her tongue slipping gently into my mouth. We French-kissed, her arms slipping around me as I stood there almost passively, my finger drifting slowly back and forth in her pussy. 

One of Fernanda's hands drifted down to catch my wrist, and she stepped slightly back to catch my eye as she delicately guided my hand in and out for several beats. Then, not breaking our shared gaze, she pulled my hand out and up, my forefinger remaining extended until it brushed against my lips.

My heat beat like a drum as Fernanda pushed my finger into my mouth, the sweetness of her nectar coating it like ambrosia as I tasted her for the first time.

I sucked on my finger, tasting Fernanda's sweet juices. Finally, she broke her stare, stepping around to stand behind me.

I stood there, sucking my finger, seeing Mrs. Keel watching me as Fernanda slipped the straps of my bra down my arms, her soft lips lightly kissing the back of my neck. 

I moaned softly, closing my eyes and let my hands slip down to my sides. Having my neck kissed had always been such a turn-on for me; and having a beautiful naked girl do it as she unfastened my brassiere was making me even hotter. Fernanda's soft lips caressed the delicate arch of my neck as she slipped my brassiere down, uncovering my small but firm breasts. Her fingers traced down their soft curves, gently caressing my nipples into erection as she moved her lips to lick my earlobe.

I sighed deeply, putty in the hands of this desirable and confident young woman. My eyes half-opened and I saw Mrs. Keel watching us hungrily. Fernanda's hands slipped down to my waist, and into the waistband of my pale pink panties. Mrs. Keel watched as I stood there, mutely passive whilst I was stripped naked. 

As Fernanda slid my panties down, she knelt down behind me, holding them as they slid all the way down my long, slender legs; caressing every inch of my skin. Her lips kissed down my back to the top of my buttock cleavage, and then moved about my buttocks; first kissing, and then gently biting at them as she knelt there; holding the panties down as I stepped out of them.

For a moment, Fernanda's hands caressed my arse, and she kissed the deep valley between my bum-cheeks before standing and padding softly away. 

I just stood there, swaying softly; completely overwhelmed by this exotic, erotic woman, whose touch and whose body held me spellbound.

A moment later, I sensed her coming behind me. She stood close, and I felt her large breasts pressing against my back, and the soft curls of her pubic bush pressing against the top of my bum as her hands came around. They were coated with warm oil, and she stroked them across my chest, sweeping down across my breasts.

I had never imagined being oiled up like this; like a plaything in an ancient harem. And that was how I felt as Fernanda's confident hands swooped around my and across my body; whilst behind me she pressed sexily into my back. As though I was being prepared for the enjoyment of an Emperor... Or Empress...

Having my chest and legs oiled up was just the beginning, as Fernanda came to stand in front of me. Her hands lightly swept across my face, and then down my neck. 

I gazed at her as she poured more oil out - a potent oily sunblock - and admired her feminine and exotic form; so womanly and tempting. And then, seductively, she stepped forward.

Until the day I die, I will never forget the feeling of Fernanda pressing her naked, oily body against mine; her heavy breasts just a little higher than mine, our erect nipples pressing against each other. Her hands snaked around me as she moved them to my back; and then, it was the most natural thing in the world to meet her lips for another kiss.
