 Dark shadows filled Erin's bedroom as eerie light cast by the waning, full, October moon etched against the ebon sky filtered through the sheer, linen curtains covering the two windows. The hour had just ticked twelve o'clock, the bewitching hour on the nineteenth anniversary of Erin's birth, 31 October, ushering in the pagan festival of Samhain. In the Irish this night is Oi'che Shamhna, the final harvest. 

In the Gaelic tongue it is the word for November since it falls on the eve of that night which in the secular world is known as Halloween or All Hallows Eve, "Holy Eve," the 1st of November being taken over by the Roman Catholic Church and called All Saints Day, the day to remember and honor all who died within the year. 

In the pagan world this word referred to the God of the Dead, and it was on this day according to ancient folklore that the interfacing worlds between the living and the dead was at its thinnest thus making transitioning between them easier for ghosts and entities to pass through from the land of the living dead to the land of the living. This was a gift of the God of the Dead, and it was so believed among some of the living that on this night it was customary to set a place for the dead should one come within a household.

Now, it was also a part of pagan belief, a belief that still holds true today for those who believe in old superstitions, that these dead, the ghosts and entities, are enamored of humans and have sexual lust for both women and men. These ghostly entities are known by their gender, a female being a succubus and a male being an incubus. It is also believed that Satan, the Devil himself, often hungers for sexual relations with beautiful women.  

Because of knowing about these sexual longings of the living dead for humans, Erin lay in her bed unable to fall asleep, her mind racing with images of such sexual assignations between the living and the dead. It had always been so since she was a young girl whose mind had been filled with ghostly stories told on the eve of Samhain, Halloween, in the shadowy glow of the smoldering peat embers in the fireplace in the living room. In Irish cottages sleeping rooms were not heated, and, therefore, they could become very cold.

Erin tossed and turned beneath her cotton sheet, lamb's wool blanket, and down comforter as her red hair flipped from side to side while she'd alternate squeezing her eyelids shut and staring into the darkness of her room with her sparkling green eyes at the shadowed images of familiar objects that took on new shapes in the darkness of night.

Finally, however, in the midst of her restless tossing and turning Erin fell into a deep sleep, her subconscious creating images of ghostly entities coming after her.

It was three o'clock in the morning, the bewitching hour when Satan and his followers entered into the world of the living...three o'clock in the morning because it was the exact opposite of three o'clock in the afternoon when Jesus died on the cross to free the world of sin and eternal death on what in the Christian Church is known as Good Friday...three o'clock in the morning when darkness rules as the evil counterpart to light...three o'clock in the morning when ghostly entities roam the night in search of humans with whom to enjoy sexual encounters of the pleasurable kind.

Because of its being cold in her bedroom, Erin had drawn her sheet; wool blanket; and green, down comforter over her head across the bridge of her nose, her breath helping to keep her warm.

While sound asleep with erotic images running through her head as if she were watching a video, Erin finally lay quite still on her back with her head propped up on two pillows and a third she had tucked beneath her knees. At some point Erin gradually became aware of a weight pressing against her body: pressure moving slowly against her legs and arms, pressure pushing against her breasts, pressure grinding against her abdomen and genital area.

Slowly, ever-so-slowly Erin was awakened as the pressure on top of her caused her breathing to become somewhat constricted by the weight. 

Groggy with sleep Erin opened her eyes, gasping for breath as the pressure she felt on her body seemed alive. It was moving and undulating sinuously over her breasts, against her abdomen, and along her limbs.

These strange sensations on Erin's body were quite palpable for her. However, the muted darkness of the room allowed her to see only shadows etched by filtered moonlight, and her being frightened of the unknown filled her with horror tales of the dead who were free to roam the night during Samhain, tales about which Erin believed only to be what they were: horror stories to shock the imagination, causing goose flesh to form all over ones arms and legs.

However, that night of horrors seemed anything but her imagination running rampant with ghoulish thoughts. No, tonight was different. Erin not only had such macabre dreams deep within her active subconscious. She now felt this unknown pressure on top of her body moving at will. Not her will, but the will of some entity.

Erin felt a numbing cold against her body in her already cold room, a cold that penetrated beneath her covers, and, thus, trembling with uncontrollable fear, Erin stared down her body that was visible only because of the faint illumination of beams of moonlight passing through her sheer, linen curtains that were wafting lightly from the pinched breeze blowing between the cracks surrounding the window frames.

To her horror and mortal surprise Erin saw indentations on her comforter that looked stretched and distorted by whatever was causing the pressure moving against her body.

With her head now filled with fear of the unknown, Erin's imagination ran rampant with evil thoughts, and her scream due caught in her semi-paralyzed throat.

"Don't fret, my Lovely One," a soft, sultry, yet sinister voice said as if but the echo of a distant voice. "I'm not here to do you any harm. I'm here to give you pleasure and to take pleasure in the giving of it."

A cold chill ran through Erin's shivering body as she felt air against her left ear. 

In the semi-darkness Erin moved her eyes back and forth and up and down, looking all around the room as best she could for the source of the voice she had just heard speak to her as she continued to feel the pressure moving against her recumbent body.

"Who...who are you?" Erin asked in a thin, soft, fearful voice. "What are you?"

Even though Erin had enough of her wits about her to ask questions of the unknown voice, she feared the response, fear of finding out who and what the source was.

"Not to worry, Sweet One. I'll give you a hint. This is the night of Samhain. Is it not?" asked the Entity.

"Ye....yes," Erin answered with as much bravado that she was able to put into her voice.

"Well, then. Is this not the night when the space between the worlds of the living and the living dead is most vulnerable to allow them to pass through and enter the world of the living?"

This fearful thought that Erin believed only to be a truism in the realm of ancient, Irish- folklore was now becoming the reality of it on this night of Samhain, and once again shivers of fear ran throughout Erin's consciousness as she now faced the fact that no longer was it a figment of her imagination that her subconscious allowed to run rampant in her mind, but it was real. The pressure she felt against her body, holding her down and preventing her to move was real. The voice that spoke to her was real.

This immediate reality, therefore, scared the living hell out of her.

"Bbbbbuuuuutttttt...."

"Oh, my child, no buts about it!" said the voice, still soft but still sinister. "This is all real. I'm real."

"But who are you then since you say you are real?" asked Erin timidly, now trying to control her fear.

In a very sweet voice the Entity answered Erin's questions.

"I, my Dear, am one of the living dead who on this night of nights found a crack large enough between our two worlds for me to enter. This crack was close to your house, and when I entered and saw you lying there so still and beautiful, I knew I just had to have you," the Entity sighed with uncontrollable passion.

"But," asked Erin, "who of the living dead are you? By the sound of your voice, you are a female Entity. Yes?"

"My, my, you are perceptive, my sweet Colleen, despite your fear," the Entity said soothingly.

Erin did not reply nor did she ask any more questions. Therefore, the Entity continued.

"I am what is called a succubus, a female Entity who in your world in which I once lived centuries ago is called a lesbian, a woman who loves women," the Entity sighed, drawing on found memories of her many lovers she had in the world of the living. "This was by choice, Dear."

"I lived as a lesbian and died as a lesbian," the Entity added, "and even though I'm now among the living dead I still have the same urges to make love with a woman, not another lesbian from my world but a beautiful, warm-bodied human woman such as yourself."

"But...but...I'm not a lesbian," said Erin innocently. "I've never made love with another woman; although, I have thought about it from time to time."

When the Entity heard Erin's timid confession about being drawn to girls and thinking of being with them in an amourous way, she was much pleased, and even though Erin could not see her, the Entity smiled salaciously at the very thought that before the night was over and she had to return to the land of the dead for another long year until the next night of Samhain, she would have the pleasure of introducing this young, beautiful, virgin girl to the joys of lesbian love.

"Oh, my, my, young Lady, you don't know how excited and sexually aroused you just made me by telling me I'll be your first woman with whom you'll have had the pleasure of enjoying the receiving and giving of lesbian love," the Entity whispered in her sexually-agitated state.

"I don't know what to do," Erin replied questioningly.

"Not to worry, my Pet, Lilith, will show you everything you need to know. All you need to do is do to me what I do to you. Now, isn't that quite simple," Lilith asked enamoured with Erin's innocence. 

Lilith knew she had come to the right place and had chosen the right woman with whom to enjoy the pleasures of a night of lesbian loving.

"Your...your name is Lilith?" asked Erin inquisitively.

"Oh my. I should have introduced myself before now," Lilith said apologetically. "Where were my manners?"

Sighing deeply, Lilith remembered her ancient beginnings in the land of Mesopotamia. 

With memories of her past running through her mind Lilith said sardonically, "You ought to feel privileged that I chose you to be my lover for the night. 

"After all, I am quite famous and have been for centuries. However, with the passing of time I became only a memory, entering into mythology, people believing me to be a female night-being demon or storm demon associated with the wind. The Hebrews believed I was Adam's first wife before Eve, of course, which is true. However, I was too damn independent and strong-willed to take a back seat and be second to Adam as was Eve." 

Erin's attention picked up when she found out who this Entity was and commented, "I know of you, I read about you in one of the books of the Apocrypha."

Lilith smiled, pleased that Erin knew of her.

"But, even though I can't see you, would you please sit up so I can breathe more easily," Erin asked politely, not wanting to cross Lilith and make her angry.

"Oh, my..." Lilith began to say as she put the palms of her hands onto the mattress and pushed herself upwards into a sitting position on Erin's abdomen with her legs straddling her curvaceous hips. "I'm sorry. There. Is that better?" 

"Yes. Much." 

"Well then, now that you know my name would you tell me yours?"

Erin was relieved to have Lilith's full weight that had been lying against her body with her head next to hers removed even though she still felt her weight sitting on her lower body above her thighs, her invisible ass pressing down on her pubic area.

"My name is Erin. Named after my great-grandmother," Erin answered in a more relaxed voice than it had been when she was frightened out of her wits.

"Well, Erin, it's good I know your name. It just wouldn't do for me to make love with a woman's whose name I didn't even know. Wouldn't you say?" asked Lilith.

Upon hearing Lilith speak of their making love, Erin blushed, causing her cheeks to turn a flushed reddish-pink which Lilith was able to see despite her being invisible to Erin. However, Lilith decided to remedy that situation immediately.

"Erin, I have the power to make myself visible to you. That is if you want to see who is sitting astride your body," Lilith giggled.

Erin wasn't sure if she wanted to see Lilith or not, afraid she'd look hideous since she had told her she was said to be a female night-being demon, but on the other hand, Erin's curiosity got the better of her, and she answered really unsure of herself, "Yes...yes...I want to see you; although, I'm afraid, too."

Lilith smiled inwardly, knowing this would be the moment of truth for both Erin and her when she allowed Erin to see her, but see her she must if their making love would be what she hoped it would. Slowly using her inner power of revelation, Lilith gradually allowed her spiritual body to take on her form when she was alive. In so doing Lilith also had the power to take on the warmth of her once mortal body, removing the chilling sensation of her body against Erin's.

As Erin looked down her body at the area of her hips, she saw an aura of luminescent grey gradually change colours to a soft, flesh, porcelain pink, and then the aura gradually changed shape into human form. Erin saw Lilith straddling her body, and she was utterly amazed.

Erin was amazed that she was able to see Lilith at all since her room was still in darkness except for the filtered moonlight, but however she did it, Lilith's aura was a light unto itself, allowing Erin to see her as if an inner glow illuminated her entire spectral being.

What Erin saw was no female night-being demon, but on the contrary she saw one of the most alluring and beautiful women she had ever seen in her entire, short life of nineteen years, and she was totally naked.

Lilith's head was adorned with long, thick reddish-auburn hair that was brushed off the right side with some of it hanging down below the small of her back where that dimple at the juncture of her ass cheeks forms while a large amount of it hung in waves over her shoulder that partially covered the side of her left breast, breasts that were full and round, each breast having perfectly formed, round areolas capped with large nipples. Lilith's hair fell in waves all the way to the top of her left thigh.

Her face was beautiful in its symmetry. Her eyes were greenish-pale blue with very black, penetrating pupils. Her eyebrows were the same colour as her hair and had that perfect feminine arch to them, but she had very long, dark eyelashes that really set her eyes off in dramatic fashion.

Lilith's nose was straight, her nostrils flaring ever so slightly, and the indentation beneath her nose that formed the juncture of her full, seductive lips looked as if sculptured by a master artisan. Her chin was narrow but round with distinguished jawbones. Her face as a whole was heart-shaped, making her glamorous almost beyond belief. 

Her full, round breasts were pear-shaped being round at the base and gradually ascending to her areolas and nipples, giving them, like her face, perfect symmetry. Lilith's chest gracefully narrowed to her hips between which her abdomen was rounded and dimpled with a perfectly round navel, and Erin saw the top of Lilith's auburn-coloured pubic hairline that was thick and full.

As Lilith sat astride Erin's lap, her thighs showed themselves to be full and curvaceous, but since her knees were bent underneath her, Erin could not see her calves or feet but believed they surely must be as lovely as the rest of her gorgeous, voluptuous body.

Erin gulped audibly at the sight of Lilith's beauty in form and face, and having heard Erin's gulp Lilith smiled appreciatively at her vocal approval of her natural beauty.

"Well, Erin, now that you see me, what do you think? Do I meet with your critical eye and approval?" Lilith asked in an almost rhetorical way, knowing from her gulp that she was well pleased with what she saw.

"Oh, my, Lilith. You are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen," answered Erin.

Smiling, Lilith answered, "Why thank you, Erin. I'm so glad you are pleased with what you see. Now, do you think you won't mind making love with me even though you have never made love with a woman?"

Erin gulped again at the directness of Lilith's asking her if she wouldn't mind making love with her in a lesbian tryst, thinking within her mind that if she had to make love with any woman, it would be Lilith. Even from her woman's point of view, Lilith was stunningly delectable to the eyes, and she imagined to the taste, too.

Lilith's face lit up with inner pleasure, knowing Erin's thoughts and desires.

"I'm glad you like what you see, Erin, but now it's time for me to see your lovely body. I already see how beautiful you are in your visage," Lilith sighed softly as she studied Erin's face.

"But, but, it's so cold in my bedroom, Lilith. I'll freeze being uncovered," Erin confessed abjectly.

"Not to worry, my Pretty One, Lilith has the power to radiate heat throughout your entire body and make this room warm so you'll not be uncomfortable being naked," Lilith assured her.

Erin knew she had no choice but to believe Lilith since she also knew Lilith would have her way with her whatever the temperature of the room would be or if she herself was cold to the touch, her being an Entity from the land of the living dead.

"Well, then, let's get you uncovered and undressed, Erin. I'm so very anxious to see your lovely body. I'm so excited I feel like a young girl waiting for her first kiss," Lilith said as she crossed over Erin's body and knelt by her left side.

With great anticipation Lilith reached up, took hold of the binding of the comforter, and slowly pulled it down over Erin's body until she pilled it up at the foot of the bed. She then did the same with the wool blanket until the only thing left was the sheet that had been under both the comforter and blanket. The sheet she pulled down effortlessly, leaving Erin's shapely body clothed only in her nightshirt that was held up by thin straps over her shoulders.

Lilith took her left forefinger and thumb and gently slid the straps over Erin's shoulders, continuing down her arms until she had to bend them at the elbows so she could slide them out of the straps. Once the straps were lying free of Erin's arms, Lilith reached both hands up with great excitement to the top of the bodice, and taking the top between her fingers she slowly slid the bodice up and over Erin's pert breasts.

Erin's breasts were firm and shapely as is normal for a young girl. They had large, pink areolas and darker pink nipples that already stood erect and hard from the excitement she felt being undressed by Lilith. Once Lilith had freed Erin's breasts from her nightshirt, she continued to pull it over her shapely hips thus revealing her taut abdomen that was slightly concave with the depression at her round bellybutton as well as her Mons that Erin, as did so many girls of her day, had shaved clean, giving her pussy a velvety smooth look.

As she slipped Erin's nightshirt from her body completely, it was now Lilith who gulped when she looked down on Erin's young, firm, lovely body, especially as she looked intently at her bare pussy whose labia were already puffy from sexual arousal from having been seductively stripped by Lilith and from the fact of lying naked in front of this Entity, this succubus, from the land of the living dead.
