 The Love Song of Kali

Alexis looked at Yaami with the mixture of affection and lust that she felt for most of her long-term ex-lovers, and squeezed her thighs together as the former receptionist moved her healthy-looking baby from one enormous breast to the other. A few drops of milk beaded on the swollen dark-brown nipple, and Alexis restrained the urge to lick them off: she didn't have a lactation fetish (unlike some of her clients), but she did have a weakness for big boobs, and Yaami had needed a J-cup even before her pregnancy became obvious. "How's maternity leave treating you?" she asked.

Yaami's smile lit up her round brown face. "It's wonderful - now that this little angel's started sleeping for more than two hours at a time, without demanding to be fed. Or changed. And she'll accept a bottle from Mo, now, so I'm getting a decent amount of sleep. Well, almost. Sometimes. But it's worth it."

"Good. Let me know if you want to come back to work. Naomi's doing a great job, but I'm sure we can find you some hours, ease you back in part-time."

Yaami hesitated, then shook her head. "Thanks, but no... at least, not yet..."

"Mo doesn't want you to work?"

"I don't think he'd like me working here. Even on the desk. He's a bit conservative... he's fine in other ways," she added hastily. "He may want me to work at his practice, instead, and finish my nursing degree. And I may be able to talk him around when Indira is older -"

"Let me know if you want any help with that," Alexis purred.

"- but that's not why I'm here. A friend of mine has a problem, and I thought you might be able to help."

"What sort of problem?"

"I guess you'd call it depression."

"Post-partum?" asked Alexis, gently.

"No... post-operative, I guess. Post-cancer. She was treated for ovarian cancer, they caught it in time, gave her chemo, removed the ovary, it hadn't metastasized, physically she's okay... but emotionally..."

"Depression's a monster," said Alexis, relieved that Yaami actually was talking about a friend and not herself. "I'm not sure we have the tools to beat it."

Yaami looked up at the veve on the ceiling. "What about voodoo?"

"Voodoo only works on people who believe it, and anyway, I don't have the training. Hypnotherapy only works on people who want to be hypnotized. And we can't prescribe anti-depressants."

"Is there anything you can do? She's a beautiful woman who's stopped believing she's beautiful, just because she has a little scar and no hair."

"An ex of yours?"

"We've known each other since high school. She was the first woman I slept with. We've tried getting together again a few times since then, but it's never lasted more than a few months. None of her relationships have."

"Bi?"

"Dyke. She's not bi-phobic, she likes some men, but they don't turn her on."

Alexis nodded. The subliminals in the music she played in the clinic made nearly all people more suggestible, regardless of their gender and sexual preferences, but the combination of pheromones and aphrodisiac chemicals in the incense and perfumed oils worked best on promiscuous bisexual women. "And beautiful?"

"From the neck down, you two could pass for twins. Clones. Her face is more like mine, but not as fat, and she wears glasses."

"You're not fat," said Alexis, almost automatically. "You're voluptuous. Have you tried telling her she's still beautiful?"

"She thinks I'm just saying it out of pity. The same with her last ex, who offered to move back in when she heard about the cancer." She was silent for a moment. "Mo doesn't want me to sleep with other woman, but I think I could persuade him to make an exception for Karima, if I thought she'd say yes. He likes her, and he knows how long we've been friends. Can you do anything?"

"I can try, if you can persuade her to come here for a massage."

"I'll call her now."

***

Alexis looked Karima up and down appraisingly as she began stripping down to knickers that hid her surgical scar and hairless cunt. Yaami's description of Karima's body as near-identical to Alexis's own was remarkably accurate; she was just over an inch taller, and slightly wider across the hips, her shoulders were less muscular, her arms and legs thinner and her areolae slightly smaller, but otherwise the resemblance was uncanny. "Have you ever had a massage before?"

"Not a professional one. A friend of mine, Yaami, bought me a voucher. I think she used to work here." She handed Alexis her paperwork. "That's a lot of questions for a relaxation massage."

"Yes, and yes, I know. A lot of our clients, even if they're not after therapeutic massage, have pre-existing injuries and other conditions that it's useful for us to know about." She glanced at the forms, then at Karima's headscarf. "Chemo?"

"Yes. I'm thinking of trading the scarf in for a wig. It might stop people thinking I'm a Muslim."

"You can take it off, if you like. Or leave it on. Same with the pants: whichever is more comfortable. I'll try not to get oil on either of them."

Karima hesitated, then unwrapped the scarf, removed her glasses and stepped out of her knickers, then lay face down on the massage table. "Okay."

"This says you're thirty. You're really in great shape for your age."

"You mean, apart from the cancer?"

"Your paperwork says that was treated successfully, and they've stopped the chemo."

"Yeah. I hope so, anyway. It's just made it a little difficult to relax."

"I can tell," said Alexis, kneading her back. "Would you rather we changed the subject?"

"Sure."

"Your form says you're a travel agent. Been anywhere interesting?"

"Lots of places."

"Where was the last place you went?"

"Kolkata - Calcutta - before I got sick. A cousin of mine was getting married, and I figured, I'd never actually been to India, so..."

"What was that like?"

"Horrible. The wedding would have been fun if it hadn't been for everyone asking why I wasn't married yet, but Kolkata is... horrific. So much poverty, overcrowding, pollution...City of Joy, my ass."

And a very attractive ass it is, Alexis thought with a smile. She'd asked Yaami a lot of questions about Karima before working out an approach, and was glad the conversation was back on track. "Have you ever read Song of Kali?"

"No."

"It's a horror novel set in Kolkata. Great book: you have to decide for yourself whether there's anything supernatural happening. Anyway, it says the place is evil because it's the Field of Kali."

"She's the one with four arms, isn't she? I grew up in London, and I'm not up on Hindu mythology - too many gods to keep straight."

Alexis resisted the temptation to say that she'd never been good at keeping straight, either. "That's her. Of course, she may not actually have been that evil. She was a killer of demons, a creator as well as a destroyer, and goddesses often get a bad rap. Besides, there are plenty of times when I'd love to have four hands." She continued to massage Karima's back, working her way down towards her shapely ass. "Anyway, what do you do to relax? Because these muscles are so tight, I think you need to do it more often."

"Relaxing hasn't been that easy since I got sick."

"Sure, but there must be something. Do you like music?"

Karima shrugged. "Sometimes. This stuff you're playing is sort of soothing."

"Good. It's meant to be. What about meditation?"

"No, I tried it a while ago, when I was taking some yoga classes, but it never really worked for me."

"Drugs?"

"Just pot, and I hadn't had any of that in years until I started chemo. I had to ask my kid sister where I could buy some." She wondered why she was being so honest, but had a strange feeling that she could trust Alexis completely. "I still smoke a little after work, sometimes. It helps."

"What about sex?"

"Not recently. I'm not good at relationships."

"Okay, but that wasn't what I was asking. Do you like women, men, or both?"

"Women, but why -"

"What would you do if I told you there was a woman who looks like a goddess, beautiful face and an utterly spectacular body, who you could have sex with any time, any way you wanted?"

Karima blinked, and realized that she was becoming aroused. Maybe it was the feeling of Alexis's expert hands on her ass, or her incredibly seductive voice, or the way the towels on the table were gently tickling her swollen nipples, but she found herself remembering the good sex she'd had with her last lover. "I'd probably say something like 'I don't care who you are, get those goddamn reindeer off my roof'. Where am I supposed to find this paragon?"

"She isn't that hard to find. She's currently lying face-down on my massage table."

Karima drew a deep breath. "Thanks for the compliment," she said, "but I really don't feel that sexy."

"Uh-huh. You feel like your body's an enemy, like it's betrayed you. Right?"

"Yeah."

"Well, fuck it. That was one small part of your body, and it's gone, and you still have one good ovary. And you've finished chemo. You won. You're the boss."

"But..."

"What?"

"My hair... my hair used to be..."

"Beautiful? Sexy? I don't doubt it, but trust me, there are plenty of hot women out there who like that buzz cut Sinead O'Connor look."

"What about my scar?"

"Turn over and let me take a look at it." She stopped massaging Karima's splendid butt long enough for the travel agent to roll over, then inspected her crotch for a moment. "Hmm. Okay, so you have a tiny scar, but I had to know where to look and I could barely see it. And any woman who sees you naked isn't going to be interested in your scars, not when there's something much more beautiful to look at."

"Uh, thanks..."

"If you're really worried, go and get a tattoo to hide it. I can recommend some good places. But your body is so spectacular, I don't think you need to worry. Your breasts are absolutely amazing. Put your hands under them and lift them so you can see them. Yes, like that. Don't they look good? And feel good? If you were in bed with a woman with breasts that beautiful, wouldn't you want to touch them? Caress them?"

"I..." Her nipples, already hard, tightened even more.

"Taste them?"

"Uh-huh..."

"Do you play with your breasts? With those lovely big brown nipples? Do you ever lick them? Kiss them? Suck them?"

Karima blinked, realising that she was gently squeezing her breasts and circling her nipples with her thumbs, and remembering the times she'd been in bed with Yaami, lying down so that they could suck each other's tits and play with themselves before kissing their way down each other's body until they were 69ing, sometimes taking more than an hour to get there because those beautiful big brown breasts were just so delicious and distracting. She stuck out her tongue and licked her right breast, and felt the thrill all the way down to her clit.

"Can you come just from playing with them?" Alexis asked.

Karima gasped as she felt her orgasm building up, and sucked as much of her marvellous tit into her mouth as she could, moaning with joy around her own delicious flesh as she shuddered and came.

"See?" Alexis crooned, "You're so gorgeous, so hot and sexy and beautiful, that you can come without even touching that adorable little clit I can see poking out, beckoning, begging to be played with, or that lovely luscious lickable honeypot. It's okay, I don't mind if you masturbate. I've seen everything, and it looks like you need to come again."

Karima mumbled something that might have been "thanks," but as she was still sucking her nipple, it was difficult to tell. Her left hand drifted down to her crotch, and she came almost as soon as her fingers brushed gently against her clit. She started rubbing her cunt, her thumb pulling at the clit-hood, her fingers slipping between the velvety lips to her inner wetness as she pleasured herself.

When she had stopped shaking from her third orgasm, it occurred to her that she had a hand on each of her breasts as well as one between her thighs. She was about to open her eyes when she heard a sweet female voice reassuring her. "It's okay. You're a goddess. Goddesses have more than two hands, remember?"

"Uh-huh," she mumbled, then, "Huh?"

"Goddesses should be worshipped, and you need more than two hands to worship a body as magnificent as yours."

"Oh. Okay." That sounded a little strange, but it was difficult for her to put a finger on what was odd about it; even if she did have four hands, at least three of them were busy. She giggled, then gasped as she felt another orgasm about to wash over her. When she'd finished coming and was able to think more or less coherently again, she heard the voice ask "Do you like eating pussy?"

"Oh fuck yeah I love it."

"You know you have a lovely cunt."

"Thank you," she murmured, "but..."

"Have you ever had a good look at it?"

"No, I..."

"Open your eyes."

She obeyed, and tried to focus. "Without my glasses, I -" She stared at the hairless caramel-coloured cunt hovering just above her face, the clit already swollen, the inner lips popped out and glistening with juice.

"Such a beautiful cunt should be worshipped properly. Kissed. Licked. Don't you agree?"

"Yes, but..." This isn't possible, she thought. Even my yoga teacher couldn't get into a position like that. She stuck her tongue out and lightly touched it to the clit, and felt the same gentle delightful pressure on her own nubbin. Soon, she was licking avidly, lapping up the delicious juices, eating and being eaten, the wonderful sensations emanating from her tits and her cunt and filling her entire being with bliss until it overflowed in a ecstasy climax that felt as though all the orgasms she'd denied herself in the past year were happening in succession, coming faster and faster until she blacked out from the rapture.

When she opened her eyes again, she was lying on the table face up, and Alexis, respectably clad in smock and yoga pants, was massaging her feet. "Welcome back," she said. "You had me worried for a moment there; I thought you might have relaxed into a coma. Were you asleep?"

"I... I think so. I think I must have been dreaming."

"Good dreams, I hope?"

"Oh yes." She tried to focus, but Alexis was too far away to see clearly without her glasses, so she closed her eyes again. "What you're doing feels wonderful."

"Thank you." The therapist pulled on Karima's toes until they popped, then walked to the other end of the table. "I'll just leave you here until you feel like getting up. Okay?"

"Sure." Karima watched her leave, admiring those long fingers and the curves of her ass in the tight pants. As Alexis opened the door, Karima asked, "Can I see you again?"

"If you like. Ask the receptionist for an appointment."

Karima lay there for a while after Alexis had left, idly fondling her breasts and her clit, and decided to ask Yaami if she knew whether her former boss liked women and, if so, whether she dated her clients, or whether that was against some code of professional ethics. Or maybe she should just offer to cook her dinner. There will be time, she told herself; there will be time, and as her fingers slipped back inside her wet cunt, she made a mental note to ask whether Alexis liked eating Indian.