 I was looking forward to attending the gala event this evening. It was some fundraiser for something or other, it didn't really matter, there's something exciting about getting all dressed up and rubbing shoulders with the "beautiful" people no matter what the occasion. 

I decided to wear my long, black silk evening gown, with a side slit that was thigh high. In this dress, panties and bras were going to be a no-no, lines underneath would mess up the beauty of the dress. Besides, I always enjoy being a little "naughty". 

I was just finishing up my make-up and putting up my long blonde hair when my date for the evening, Michael showed up to whisk us off. Michael was someone who was a frequent dinner date of mine. He was tall and sexy, with smooth mahogany skin and he looked great in a tuxedo. We always had a great time together, whether we were going out, or "staying in". Michael was the perfect partner, hot and sexy, and generous in and out of bed. And he had a huge cock, which is always a plus.

I couldn't help but rub my silk covered body against him as I walked past him. I ran my hand down the front of his slacks, feeling his bulge begin to harden. "Don't worry, hon," I told him, "this will be an evening we won't soon forget." These would turn out to be prophetic words!

We got to the dinner ball, went through the buffet line and soon found our table, making small talk with people along the way. We found we were seated with a lively group of people, and we enjoyed our food, the music and the conversation of our tablemates. 

Michael was receiving appreciative glances from all the women in our immediate area, and I caught more than one man glancing at the long length of thigh that my sexy dress was showing off. I was glad to be there, but was looking forward to the end of the evening also, all the attention we were getting was making me horny. I was more than ready for an hour or two of great sex.

After an hour or so, I excused myself to the ladies room. While I was standing at the mirrored sinks, I saw another woman enter behind me out of the corner of my eye. I checked my lipstick and started to turn to go, when I felt a presence right behind me. Glancing in the mirror, I saw a tall, attractive brunette peering over my shoulder.

"Excuse me for saying this," she said in a husky voice, "but you look good enough to eat!" Shock showed in my face as I felt her warm breath on my neck and her hands smoothing down my hips to my upper thighs. I was used to being hit on by all sorts of men, but never before had I had a woman show an attraction to me. 

"If I am being out of line," she said, "please let me know. But you shouldn't be surprised that someone other than a guy would find you irresistible!" Her statement mirrored my thoughts exactly. 

I hadn't yet found my voice, so I slowly shook my head no, the feeling of her small hands rubbing my silk dress over my thighs was driving me crazy. My pussy was hotter at that moment than any man had made it for a long time.

Staring at her sexy, dark eyes in the mirror, my nipples puckered and hardened, making her see how aroused I was becoming. "Mmm, such pretty little things," she breathed in my ear. 

"My name is Stacy," she said. "I've been watching you all evening and I just had to follow you in here to see if there was a chance that I could get to know you."

"Hello, Stacy, I'm Cheri," I finally responded. "So, are you going to find out if I really am good enough to eat?" A feisty look in my eyes showed her that I was up for it.

Stacy led me to a sitting area that was off to the side of the ladies room. And she had come prepared. As we crossed to the room, she pulled a small "out of order" sign from her purse, hung it on the door knob, and closed and locked the door.

As soon as the door was locked, Stacy had her hands all over me, her pretty pink nails grazing the skin on my shoulders and thighs. We moved to the couch, Stacy kneeling between my spread thighs. Her hands skimmed my silky dress up around my hips.

"Oh, no panties tonight," she said with delight. "And what a pretty pussy we have here." I blushed, I had forgotten about not wearing panties this evening, but was glad now that I hadn't. And I was glad I took extra care to trim up the blonde bush that framed my sweet box.

"I've never done anything like this before, Stacy," I told her. "I've never been with a woman this way before, but I think I may like it." 

"I can guarantee you will," she said with a grin.

Her little pink tongue licked out between her lips and I felt a jolt in the core of my being. I have been blessed (or cursed) with an extremely responsive nature, my pussy lips immediately began to swell and harden and I could tell my hot response pleased Stacy to no end.

She began licking and stroking my inner thighs, I was moaning softly and squirming at the exquisite sensations she was causing in me.

"Oh yes," I breathed. This was the sweetest torture I had ever experienced in my thirty or so years of life. 

The tip of her tongue grazed my throbbing clit and a spear of pleasure shot through me. I almost screamed with the joy I felt. Stacy began lapping and sucking on my hot cunt and I was cumming within seconds. 

"Oh my God," I purred. Aftershocks of my first orgasm with a woman sending jolts through me to the tips of my toes.

I continued to watch her sweet mouth, red lips covered with my slick juices, working on my pussy like she was a woman possessed. I felt my next orgasm begin to build as she slipped two perfectly manicured fingers inside my hot, wet hole. She stroked my tight cunt with her fingers, and as muscles tightened and contracted around them, she latched onto my swollen nub and lightly bit me with her sharp little teeth.

Waves of ecstasy ripped through me. "Oh, ohh...Stacy," I yelped. I didn't have the words to describe how awesome she was making me feel. 

"I know," I heard her muffled reply. "It's an amazing feeling isn't it, having someone who knows exactly what you need, fucking you!"

She rose up between my legs, nuzzling my hard, sensitive nipples through silk. Again I jumped as if branded. "You taste better than you look," she whispered in my ear. I could smell my scent covering her face, and it sent me over the edge again as she worked magic with her hands on my hot hole.

"Now, I think I'd like to taste you," I told her. I couldn't believe how bold I was being, but the feelings she brought out in me couldn't be denied. "I'd like to sample what I'm in for, for the rest of the night." I knew then that Stacy would be coming home with me when the evening was over.

"Okay," she said, "a quick taste, and then we really should be getting back, your date is probably wondering where you disappeared to." I knew he probably was, but once he found out, I was sure that he wouldn't mind in the least!

Stacy stood in front of me, legs spread. I dropped to my knees, worshipping her long tanned legs and eager to experience my first taste of another woman. I ran my hands inside her skirt, bunching it up around her waist. To my surprise, Stacy wasn't wearing any panties either! I guess I wasn't the only "naughty" girl here this evening. Her pussy was already wet and glistening, framed by closely shaved dark, brown hair. 

"Just do to me what you like to have done to you," she told me as I hesitated.

I put my mouth on her and tasted her tangy essence. Soon I was licking her like I was starving and nipped at her large clit. Stacy was moaning and whispering words of encouragement to me, telling me exactly what she liked. I was a willing student and followed her instructions to the letter. I found that eating pussy was second nature, and the more I was doing it, the more I liked it.

She tensed as her orgasm began. "Cheri, suck my clit baby..." she bit out between clenched teeth. I wrapped my lips around the huge nub and suckled it, stroking it with the tip of my tongue. She hollered, and I felt her cum covering my chin and running down my neck. Her hands were buried in my hair, holding me to her as wave after wave buckled her knees. My hands on her tight, little ass were the only thing holding her upright. 

"You are a very quick study," she breathed, "but we really should be getting back now." I nodded in agreement, but was reluctant to move from between her legs. 

"I'm going to let my date know I'm leaving," I told her. "You are coming with me aren't you?"

Stacy winked at me, grinning and said there was no way I was leaving without her tonight. We straightened our dresses, helping each other, but knowing the wrinkled fabric left a tell-tale sign of our rendezvous. Stacy tried to put my tumbled hair back in order and we both joked and laughed softly, remembering just how my hair had gotten to that state in the first place.

We opened the door and left the sitting area together, Stacy taking her "out of order" sign with her. Several women gave us curious glances as we left the room. If they only knew!

"I came here by myself tonight," she said, "so I'll just stick with you, okay?" I had the feeling she didn't want to let me out of her sight for a second. 

"That's fine," I said. "My date, Michael, is sitting right over there." Pointing Michael out to her, I saw her eyes widen in appreciation. He really did look hot in his tux.

"How about asking him to join us," I asked her. "As wonderful as this experience has been for me, I am truly a girl at heart, and I feel that a huge cock was the only thing that was missing."

"A huge cock?" she replied with a sparkle in her dark eyes. "Well, of course, I would never turn that down!" Relief must have shown in my face, now I was truly going to have my cake, and EAT it too!!! "A woman after my own heart," I joked with her.

I walked up to Michael, Stacy close on my heels. 

"There you are," he said with a grin, "I thought you'd ditched me!" "No way sexy," I said, "but I think I would like to call it a night" I gave him a quick kiss on the mouth, Stacy's sweet juices, now dry, still covering my face. I knew he had to be able to smell her musky scent on me.

"It's still pretty early," he said. "Are you sure?"

"I'm absolutely positive," I said. "And I can promise you it will be worth your while!"

Michael suddenly noticed Stacy, hovering behind me. He gave me a questioning smile. Glancing back and forth between us, a knowing look dawned on his face.

"Yep," I said smiling, "it's exactly what your thinking." "Michael, I would love for you to meet my new friend, Stacy." "So, if you think you're up for sharing your big dick with two sweet pussies, then I suggest you go and get our coats!"

Michael stood quickly and I saw the outline of his rigid cock through his pants. Darting a look at Stacy, I saw that she too had seen what Michael had to offer.

Grinning at me, Stacy said, "I believe this is going to be the start of something terribly good, don't you?" Nodding enthusiastically, I couldn't have agreed with her more, and my prophetic words from earlier in the evening were coming back to me with a vengeance.