 The adventure started when my parents decided that they were going to go on holiday to Italy. I figured it would be a great idea to stay at home and make the most of the fact that I would be alone in the house for two weeks. However my dastardly plans were shot full of holes when my mother told me that her friend Laura would be coming down to London for a week and would be staying at our house. 

Of course I was initially pissed that my plans to hang out with friends and party had been ruined (at least for the first week). However when Laura turned up the night before my parents left, I decided things might not be so bad. Although she was about their age (late thirties) she was really funny and interesting to talk to and she was pretty and stylish enough that I would happily take her along to the local pub with me for a night out. 

The next morning I woke up late to find that my parents had left. It was a gorgeous summer day and as I made my way into the kitchen I looked out into the garden and saw that Laura was already making the most of the summer sun, lying out on the lounger, reading a magazine. 

As I made my breakfast I was staring out the window watching intently as she began to cover herself carefully in sun tan lotion. I watched as she massaged the glistening oil into her supple, tanned body. I found myself almost entranced as she continued oiling herself up. It took me by surprise that I could find a woman so sexy and attractive and I felt slightly voyeuristic watching her. I think I must have almost let out an gasp when she proceeded to take off her bikini top and was even more shocked as her hands moved down between her thighs as she started to stroke her pussy through the thin pink material of her panties. I soon noticed that a little damp patch had formed on her panties as her pussy began to get slick and wet, corresponding to the damp feeling that was now occurring in my panties too. Soon Laura's hand crept inside her panties, as she started to stroke her pussy lovingly. 

I had always enjoyed looking at friends porn but the idea of being with another woman had never even really crossed my mind. I was so surprised that watching this woman was making me so excited but I was so turned on by then that I completely lost myself in the moment. My pussy was so desperate for attention that I just sat down on the nearest stool, pulled my shorts and panties to one side, and started to stroke my now slick pussy. Gently circling my swelling clit with my fingers, as I sat watching Laura's excitement through our French windows. 

I had been stroking my pussy for what must have been a few minutes when to my horror I realized that Laura was now staring straight at me. I jumped up with a start and quickly re-adjusted my shorts, hoping she couldn't see me through the window. However as I regained my composure I realized Laura was beckoning for me to join her outside. I got up and walked almost trance-like into the garden. Laura asked me if I needed some help with what I was doing. I was dumbfounded, and almost before I could murmur a reply her hands were all over me. Within an instant she was removing my shirt, letting my pert little breasts fall free, and peeling off my tiny little shorts. 

Laura lay me back on the sun lounge and we began kissing passionately, her hands exploring the contours of my body, kneading and massaging my electrified flesh. She started to kiss my body, tasting my hot flesh, her lips nuzzling and nibbling at my engorged nipples. I was getting wetter and wetter as she smothered me in kisses. Soon she was biting my nipples, sending shivers of pleasure through my body, her hot tongue trailing down my body until she reached my crotch. Next she started to suck on the gusset of my sweet, little panties. She pulled my silky panties aside and I felt her hot breath on my pussy, which sent shivers down my spine. She started to delicately lick and kiss around my hot hole, her tender mouth teasing and exciting me. She kissed and bit my thighs and trailed her hot mouth over my hips and pubic bone. Instantaneously she peeled my panties off and I felt her fingers spreading me open before she wriggled her tongue deep into my now sticky box. 

I spread my legs allowing her easier access to my snatch. Reveling in the sensations her expert tongue was sending coursing through me, my pussy in flames as she lovingly explored each fold of my glistening pussy. I felt myself starting to melt as her tongue searched out every pleasurable fold of my pussy, her tongue making sweet slurping and squelching noises as she continued probing my dripping wet cunt.

She stopped momentarily and leant over to pick up the bottle of coke resting by the sun lounger before proceeding to rub it over my swollen clit. The cool smoothness of the glass created a wonderful sensation that sent shudders through my electrified pussy. She alternated rubbing the cold bottle against my erect clit with gentle licks of her hot tongue. I felt my pussy juices starting to flow, the conflicting sensations driving me wild with passion. She gave my by now dripping pussy a further lick, lubricating me, before pressing the neck of the cool bottle into me, splitting me open. I moaned deeply, overcome with pleasure. The bottle felt so nice in my tight cunt, so hard and cold as it filled me. 

Soon Laura started to work the bottle inside of me - sliding it deeper into my wanton pussy. My pussy was so stretched and each stroke felt sensational. Laura started to lick my pussy again, sucking on my pussy lips hungrily and licking my clit as my pussy puckered around the neck of the bottle. Laura began to thrust it in and out, building an intoxicating rhythm and a feeling of pleasure deep in my cunt. The cool hardness felt amazing and I could hear my pussy squelching deliciously with each thrust. My juice starting to run in little rivulets down the insides of my thighs as Laura continued to pleasure me. Her tongue devouring and savoring my sweet honey. 

I started to thrash around on the lounger as waves of pleasure washed over me. As I felt my orgasm rising, Laura removed the bottle of coke from my pussy, removed the cap and poured it over and into my quivering cunt - letting the cool liquid splash over my swollen clit and dribble into me. The sensation was so exquisite; I felt myself start to cum, my juices mixing with the sweet sticky cola as they flooded the lounger. 

I mistakenly imagined that our adventure was over, for momentarily Laura was picking up the sun tan lotion and moving me onto my front. She took the bottle of lotion and squirts it over my bum. I felt thick globules splashing over my, cola sticky, round ass. Soon her delicate hands began rubbing it in, slowly caressing my soft cheeks. She directed another squirt that this time splashed down between my ass cheeks, and started smoothing it in, her dainty fingers lightly stroking and pressing against my puckered asshole. The sensation was amazing and I moaned gently as Laura's first, well-lubricated finger dipped into my tight forbidden hole. 

I had never been touched there before, but the fantastic sensations caused me to murmur encouragingly. She started to work her fingers into me - stretching me - exploring my tight virgin ass. Her thin fingers felt so good as she stroked them in and out of my dark hole. I moaned as she started to stretch me a little wider and gasped as I felt first her warm breath on then her hot tongue slip into my ass. She told me how sexy I looked all split open like that. I felt so dirty and so hot with Laura staring into my puckered asshole. 

She started to lick around the opening again before sliding her tongue back into my gaping, willing hole. The sensation was amazing, her tongue diving again and again into my hot, dirty ass. The next sensation was Laura slowly letting a dribble of her saliva drip into my gaping ass. This drove me kind of wild and soon I was asking her to spit into my dirty little hole. It felt so dirty and degrading and yet wonderfully sexy at the same time. She willingly obliged me calling me all kinds of dirty names as she spat into my hot ass. My ass was soon all sticky and instead of replacing her fingers in my ass she replaced them with the thin, tube like, sun tan lotion bottle. I felt it initially pressed against my slick sphincter and gasped as she pressed it deep into my ass. Although it was thin the bottle felt huge inside me. I concentrated on relaxing, allowing Laura to start fucking my well-lubricated ass with it as she slowly stroked my pussy. Her fingers danced over my clit as she fucked my slippery asshole deep and hard. The feelings were so intense as she pleasured me in both holes that it wasn't long before I was cumming again, my pussy juice pouring down my thighs and over her hand. 

I collapsed breathless onto the lounger, my body flooded with intense feelings of pleasure. After a short breather she made me lick her sticky hands clean, letting me taste myself on her. Then she led me by the hand and took me inside, with the promise of my first taste of pussy - but that adventure will have to wait for another Day...