 (This is a reimagining of one of my older stories, hopefully for the better)

*

"Hey Samantha, how about you and I head around that corner over there and you get down on your knees and blow me?"

Norman. The asshole.

"No thanks Norm, how about you head around that corner over there and jerk yourself off."

"Bitch, you don't have to play games with me, everybody knows all about that magic mouth of yours."

Of course. I'm short with straight black hair, glasses and nothing special in the chest, I've always had to do things to get people to take notice. Unfortunately, you only have to suck one one guy off in the back of classroom one rainy day and everyone thinks you're a whore for some reason.

"I'm not a slut Norm, and nothing of yours in going to end up in my mouth."

"C'mon babe," He whined, "Give me a little suck and I promise I'll finger you afterwards."

Norman is such a charming young man.

"Let me get this straight: I get a mouthful of cum and in return you get to fumble around under my skirt? Not a great deal for me Norm."

"Well, maybe we could go a date first?"

"I'm not into you, really. Just keep some small scrap of dignity and move along."

"I'm not taking no for an answer Samantha. Give me one good reason that I'm not good enough for you."

"Well, I've already got a date tonight," I lied.

"Great! Glad to see you surrender."

"Not with you moron. I'm going out with a real man."

"Ditch the cocksucker, once you get a look at my snake you'll understand why baby."

He clearly wasn't intent on giving in. I'm kind of weak willed and was just about ready to give in and trade my mouth for a nice meal when I heard footsteps approaching from behind.

"Hey Norman, fuck off and find your own. Tonight she's all mine."

I spun around to get a look my potential savior.

"Jennifer, you crazy bitch," Norman said to her, "What are you talking about? We all know you're a lez."

"Very clever, now think: if I'm a lesbian and Samantha and I are going on a date, what does that make her?" Jennifer said to him while pointing at me.

I was frozen in shock. Jennifer is one of the hottest girls I've seen at the university: tall, long red hair, shapely legs and perky breasts, and an notorious lesbian. I'm wouldn't say that I'm homophobic, but this was an awkward position for her to put me in, and I had no time to think of a way out.

Reluctantly I put on a big fake smile and declared to Norman, "I haven't made up my mind just yet, but Jennifer is willing to show me the ropes."

"For real?" Norman said beginning to grin himself, "Don't bullshit me Sam, I don't buy it."

"Well, Samantha and I are heading off right in a moment, maybe you could tag along and get some evidence? If you can prove we're faking then I'm sure she will surrender and give you your precious five seconds of fun."

"What? Seriously? Uh, right. Come along with us," I said, desperately hoping that this 'date' wouldn't instantly spiral out of my control.

"So I either prove you wrong and get a blowjob or I get to see some girl on girl love? How could I refuse? Where are we going tonight?"

"Trust me Norman, you won't be getting anywhere near Samantha's mouth any time soon," Said Jennifer with a wink, "And we are going to a little private club I know, that's all I'll say for now."

I had the distinct feel of a noose tightening around my neck.

The three of us took a cab deep into the city, well past the brightest and noisiest areas and into a quiet little nook I had never visited. From the outside there was no way to tell the building the cab stopped at was any kind of club, other than the two brutes guarding the entrance. Jennifer walked us to the door with confidence.

The shorter of the two looked down at her, "Password?" He asked with a snarl.

"The password is . . . delight. I'll be bringing two guests with me."

He looked us over then motioned at Norman, "Who's the dick?"

"As you say, just some dick. I'm allowed to bring a friend or two, right?"

He frowned at Norman then looked at me, winked, and answered, "All right, head on inside."

On the other side of the doors Jennifer stopped and explained to us, "This is a very private, very exclusive club. I'm very welcome and I think that I can pass off Samantha, but you had better keep your mouth shut and your hands in your pockets Norman."

He sheepishly nodded.

It was pretty damn dark on the inside and I had a hard time walking in a straight line. In a few seconds we approached a medium sized bar, there were several people serving drink and a handful of well dressed handful of customers in sight.

I felt a little exposed standing there in my tube top and skirt.

"It certainly looks exclusive," I blurted.

"Oh It is, but not this much," Jennifer replied with a giggle, "there are always a handful of shows going down in the back. I think we will head into my favorite one."

She silently led us through a curtain and into an even darker room. Inside there was a fairly large crowd seated around a well-lit central stage. In the middle of the stage on a hard steel chair sat an older woman with her hands bound behind her back.

"Good, it looks like there is a show is about to start," Jennifer said with a sly grin, "How about we take a seat and enjoy the show."

"What kind of show?" I asked.

"The best kind. Follow me"

We sat down around a table in a corner of the room and waited patiently. You could feel the tension running through the crowd, whatever was about to happen was bound to be something to remember.

A few more minutes of silence passed without comment then out of nowhere a spotlight was pointed at the north end of the stage and a petite woman stepped up. From where I sat she didn't look like anything special and she was dressed conservatively.

"Ah," Whispered Jennifer, "That's Tricia, but most of us just like to call her Little Miss Head."

"What does that mean?" I asked.

"Keep your little eyes on the stage and you'll find out in a minute."

Tricia wandered across the stage to the center. The bound woman looked up at her with interest, maybe not sure what to expect.

Without a word Tricia popped the other woman's breasts out the top of her dress then pulled off her bra. She then stood there and played around with the nipples in front of her until they were rock hard then stopped.

With tantalising slowness Tricia knelt down and lifted the bottom of the other woman's dress, then raised her ass and dragged off the panties and tossed them aside.

The older woman struggled in vain against the ropes binding her wrists together, it was pretty clear what was coming up next in this show.

Tricia gently pushed aside the woman's knees and within seconds had buried her head between the exposed legs.

I couldn't really make out the details, but whatever was going on down there must have been pretty damn incredible. In no time at all the bound woman was panting and desperately trying to escape. A little longer and she was gyrating her hips and letting out soft moans.

I tried to keep one eye on Jennifer while I watched and now noticed her hand make it's way to her breasts, where she began to lightly massage herself and pinch her nipples. Then out of nowhere her other hand landed on my knee.

I sucked in my breath in shock.

As the woman on stage was ruthlessly devoured Jennifer's hand slid up under my skirt until she was tracing soft patterns on my inner thigh.

I put one of my own hands on Jennifer's shoulder in an attempt to push her away, but she simply stopped playing with herself and instead grabbed my arm and held it against her own knee.

The gentle fingers made their way higher still, and the short journey ended at the front of my silk panties, forcing the breath out of me in shock. I shifted in my seat, but the fingers remained in place against the fabric.

The moaning on stage was getting louder and more desperate, Tricia moved faster and began running her hands up and down the woman's thighs.

Between my legs Jennifer made her move. Her nails dragged against the front my panties, silently tracing the outline of my pussy lips. After a little of this one finger pressed forward, then stopped, it hooked around and dragged the panties sideways, revealing my sensitive skin to the cool air.

I concentrated on the face of the woman being pleasured on stage. She was absolutely coated with sweat, her hair bouncing wildly around as her back arched again and again. I had never seen a look like the one she had at that moment, pure ecstasy.

Two of Jennifer's finger made their way inside me, stroking areas that no woman had ever been, while the thumb rubbed against up my clitoris. I pulled loose of Jennifer's grip and grabbed onto the table in front of me, digging my nails into the soft surface.

While I continued to watch the woman on stage lose control of herself I desperately tried to hang on and give no obvious signs of what was happening to me. Luckily the show was enough to keep the crowd distracted.

Jennifer moved her head next to mine and whispered to me, "Enjoying the show? It's time for the big finish I think," Then her face made its way down beneath my skirt and a second later a tongue joined the assault on my pussy.

With the combined efforts I could no longer hold back, with one had I grabbed a handful of Jennifer's hair while I covered my mouth to repress a scream of pleasure. A moment later a similar but louder scream came from the stage, followed by applause from the crowd.

Jennifer continued to gently massage me with her tongue until the pleasure finally began to ebb away. As I sat recovering from my orgasm she came up and wiped her face with the back of her hand.

"How was that?" She asked me.

"I can't believe you just did that to me, you have one hell of a mouth on you!"

"That was nothing," She replied with a smile, "I think maybe you need to have a turn on stage now."

Jennifer waved her hands and pointed at me, and the spotlight followed.

"Believe me, I'm nothing compared to Little Miss Head."