 Author's note: Recently, a friend of mine told me she was going on a date with her ex's ex. That sounded like the title of a Literotica story, so I decided to write it.

This story is set in Austin, Texas where I have lived in or near since I was nine years old. A familiarity with the city is helpful, but not necessary to appreciate some of the cultural and geographic details.

Standard disclaimer: All sexual activity described in this story is between consenting adults over 18.

Enjoy!

**********************

Sandy sat at the bar alone, nursing her vodka and Sprite. It had been less than three months since her breakup with Matt. She rarely drank, and she really hadn't wanted to go out, but her friend Carol had insisted they go to this new, trendy club in South Austin. But as soon as they had ordered their drinks, Carol found a group of old friends that she wanted to chat with and abandoned Sandy. Sandy was pondering whether after she finished her drink she wanted to wait for Carol or just hail a ride from Lyft. Either way, she felt uncomfortable and lonely in a bar full of (mostly) strangers.

And just when she thought things couldn't get more awkward, they did. She heard a familiar voice from right behind her say "Sandy? Is that you?"

It was Matt's ex-wife Jen, the last person she wanted to see on her first night out after her breakup.

It didn't help matters that Jen was movie-star gorgeous, standing at 5'9" with long naturally blond hair and a body like Marilyn Monroe—voluptuous but not heavy. She was 34 but could have passed for ten years younger, with a face that looked halfway between Charlize Theron and Amy Adams when they were that age. Tonight, she was wearing a low-cut strapless blue satin cocktail dress that hugged her curves in all the right places and brought out her sapphire-blue eyes. She also had on spike-heeled shoes that made her close to six feet tall.

Sandy had always felt dumpy in comparison to Jen at just 5'4" with a scrawny build and small A-cup breasts. Her eyes were a dull gray-hazel color behind a pair of oversized glasses with square black frames that gave her a serious look. She was younger than Jen by six years, but it didn't make her feel more confident, just less grown-up. In the past, she had bleached her hair for Matt, but after the break-up she quit coloring it and had cut it short a week ago, so it was now dishwater brown with frosted tips where there was residual bleaching. And tonight, she felt even more insecure next to Jen since she didn't have any makeup on and was wearing pale jeans, an old gray wife-beater that was fraying at the trim, and a plain white pair of canvas tennis shoes. 

Matt and Jen had remained friends since their divorce, and Sandy had tried to be friendly with her for Matt's sake. But every time the three of them were in the same room together, Jen would give the skunk-eye to the other two.

"Where's Matt?"

"If you must know, we broke up a few months ago. He said he 'needed his space,' whatever the hell that means."

"Oh, no!" Jen seemed to look disappointed, but Sandy knew better.

"Please! Don't pretend like you're sad about this, okay? I saw the way you looked at us. Like you hated the two of us being together! Like it made you physically ill! Like I wasn't good enough for Matt! Well congratu-fucking-lations, bitch! He's all yours again! I don't even care anymore!"

"Oh, my God! Was I that obvious? Wait!" Jen grabbed Sandy's arm as she was getting up. "Before you walk away, let me explain. Yes, it's true, I didn't like the two of you being together. But it's not like you think. I didn't like it because there was no way he was good enough for you."

"Oh, bullshit!"

"No, it's true! The few times we spoke together alone, I could tell that you were a very intelligent woman. Probably smarter than me, even. And I kept hoping you'd finally figure out that Matt was holding you back. God knows, it took me long enough. Six fucking years! At least you weren't stupid enough to marry him like I was!" Jen ruefully chuckled to herself.

"But. . .but. . .he dumped me! And he said he dumped you, too."

"Because he felt threatened. Listen. Did you recently get a raise or a promotion or something?"

"I finished night school this spring. I have my CPA now and I'm working for a little start-up in North Austin near the Domain."

"That's why he dumped you. He can't handle being with someone he can't dominate. I don't mean like bondage or anything like that. I mean like tell you what to eat, what to read, who to vote for. If he can't make your life decisions for you, he gets frustrated."

"Was that why he divorced you? He always made it sound like you drove him to leave."

"Well, I guess I sorta did. You'll have to ask me again sometime. Somewhere more private than this place." Jen gave Sandy a naughty wink.

Could Jen be flirting with her? Sandy thought it over and the idea was. . .not unpleasant. Sandy had had a few experiences with women, and she privately acknowledged to herself that she was probably bisexual. But even though Austin was a very LBGT-friendly community, she had always had reservations about coming out. She had grown up in a small country town where that was frowned upon. And some of her co-workers lived in the surrounding counties, which—unlike Austin—were very conservative religiously and politically.

Right then, Carol came up to Sandy and without taking a breath or waiting for a response said "Hey, Sandy. Me and my friends are gonna head up to East 6th. Do you think you'll be good on your own? Bye!"

So now Sandy was stuck in a loud, crowded place where the only person she knew made her confused. Years of animosity were battling with this new attraction she was feeling. She didn't know if the attraction was real or just the alcohol, and she wasn't sure if Jen was really coming on to her or was just being friendly.

She was fishing in her purse for her cell phone to hail a ride when Jen grabbed her wrist.

"Hey. Why don't we head over to my place for a night-cap. We can talk shit about Matt and then I can give you a ride home if you want. Or you can stay over in the spare bedroom."

It was only 10 p.m.—early by the standards for Austin weekend night life—and Sandy wasn't especially tired, so she figured why not? The worst that could happen was that they would go back to resenting each other the same as before.

They left the club together. But instead of heading to the parking lot, they walked two blocks to one of the mixed-use buildings on South Lamar that contained retail on the ground floor, offices facing the street and apartments on the side and in the rear. Jen made a face that conveyed a mixture of disgust and disappointment. "I know. Too 'new Austin,' right?"

They entered the parking garage and walked to an elevator marked "For residents and guests only." Jen swiped her keychain past a magnetic pad and the elevator door opened for them.

They got out on the fourth floor and as Jen led Sandy into her apartment she said, "I would've preferred a little bungalow or a duplex, but this is all that was available located somewhere that isn't a complete fucking nightmare to get to and from downtown during rush hour. Thank God I make enough money so rent isn't an issue."

All Sandy could think as she surveyed the spacious apartment with hardwood floors and ultra-modern décor is that it sure beat the shit out of her little efficiency in a run-down complex near 183.

"So what's your poison? Wine? Vodka? Tequila? Cognac? Scotch? Bourbon? Wild Turkey? Fireball?"

"I'd like a glass of white wine if you have any."

"Coming right up. Do you mind if I turn on some music?"

"Not at all."

Jen fiddled with her phone awhile until the first track of the new album from Riley May came through the speakers mounted on the wall [author's note: read "Anna Louisiana" to learn about Riley]. She then sauntered over to the kitchen to retrieve the wine. Sandy wondered if the sway of Jen's backside was deliberate or just how she walked. As Jen returned with a chilled bottle and two good-sized goblets, Sandy was focused on the movement of Jen's breasts and decided she didn't care if it was deliberate or not.

"Say when." Jen started filling the first goblet until Sandy stopped her at around 4 ounces. She then poured herself twice as much and sat on the couch next to Sandy.

"Cheers!" They touched glasses.

"So I gotta ask. Did you really mean it when you said I was too good for Matt?"

"Absolutely. I think the reason he invited me over so often was to make us both jealous. He wanted me to see that he could get someone younger and he wanted to show you that he could get a tall natural blonde with big tits. By the way, I'm glad to see you're letting your natural color grow out."

"Thanks."

"Seriously. You are a beautiful woman and can have anyone you want. You don't need him."

"You. . .you think I'm beautiful?"

Jen put her hand under Sandy's chin and said "Uh-huh. Inside and out." And then she leaned in to kiss Sandy.

Sandy eagerly returned the kiss. After a few seconds of kissing, she asked "How did you know I was bi? I never told Matt. I didn't think he'd understand."

"You're right. He wouldn't. When I started making more money than he did we started arguing a lot. He kept on saying I needed him and that it didn't make sense for me to be the breadwinner and that I'd better be less ambitious if I wanted him to make me happy in bed. After about three weeks of that, I blurted out that I was pansexual, that my college roommate and I were more than just friends, that we'd had a relationship for four years and that she was a thousand times better fuck than he was, so no, I didn't need him to make me happy in bed.

"That's when he lost it. He called me a carpet-munching whore who only latched onto him for his money. And I reminded him again that I made more than he did, and that money was the last thing I was looking for from him. And the next day, he called the lawyers and kicked me out of his house.

"And how did I know you were bi? Well, with the short hair, wife-beater and no makeup, the only way you would look more like a lesbian is if your arms were covered in tattoos and you were wearing cargo shorts and Birkenstocks."

Sandy hid her face in her hands, blushed and giggled.

"Oh, my God! The clothes and no makeup were because I wasn't planning to go out tonight and didn't have time to put myself together when Carol showed up at my place to drag me down to the club."

"I know. I was just kidding. I didn't really know you were bi until just now. But I was hoping. I'd been hoping ever since Matt first introduced us." Jen took Sandy's hands away from her face and leaned in to kiss her again. "Do you want to take this to the bedroom?"

Sandy silently nodded. Jen took her hand and led the way into a dimly lit room where the Riley May album was still playing through another set of speakers. As they approached the bed, Jen took off Sandy's glasses.

"Oh, my God!"

"What?"

"I never realized how young you'd look without your glasses."

"I know. That's a big reason why I don't wear contacts. I don't like looking like a little girl."

"Honey, I didn't say that. As far as I'm concerned, you're all woman." Jen lustfully kissed Sandy again. "But maybe next time you go out, wear a little makeup if you want to look a bit older."

"I'll keep that in mind."

Kiss.

"Let's get out of these clothes," said Jen as she reached for the hem of Sandy's shirt. After she pulled it up she said, "I envy you. I haven't been able to get away with going braless in public since the fourth grade."

"Really? I always thought my breasts were too small."

"Well I think they're perfect," Jen said between butterfly kisses on Sandy's nipples. "To be honest, I think mine are too big."

"Really? Let me see."

Sandy got up and walked behind Jen to unzip her dress. As she removed Jen's low-cut strapless bra, Jen's D-cup breasts sagged a little bit, but still looked beautiful. So much so that Sandy immediately went back around and started sucking on Jen's nipples.

"Oh, God! That feels so great! It's been too long!"

While she was switching from the right nipple to the left, Sandy finished unzipping Jen's dress. Jen stepped out of it and kicked off her shoes.

"Oh, honey! Go lower!"

Sandy kissed her way down to Jen's belly button, then to a sexy black thong with a tiny lace patch in front. She pulled it down and was greeted by a pair of clean-shaven, wet pussy-lips. Sandy got down on her knees and started to lick and finger Jen's pussy.

"Oh, God! Yes! Yes!! YYYYEEEEEEEEESS!!"

As she came, Jen pulled Sandy back up to kiss her passionately.

"God, it's been too long since I've tasted my own cum in another woman's mouth! I'd forgotten how much I love it! Your turn now."

And suddenly, Sandy got very shy.

"What's wrong?"

"Well . . . it's like I said before. I wasn't expecting to go out today, so . . ."

"So you're not wearing sexy panties? Honey, I don't care. I just want to make you feel good."

Sandy took off her sneakers and pulled down her jeans. And underneath, there was a pair of plain white cotton panties with a small but noticeable swell in front.

"What's that? Are you. . ."

Sandy pulled off her panties to reveal a mound of thick, wiry brown pubic hair.

"Things between Matt and I tapered off long before the breakup, and there hasn't been anyone since, and I really wasn't expecting to get laid tonight, so I've just been letting it go."

"Aw, honey! But this is exactly why you're better off without him. As beautiful as you are, if he didn't make you feel desirable, he's dumber than I thought. And since the divorce, I've always thought he was really dumb."

"Hey, let's not talk about Matt for a few minutes."

"You read my mind." And with that, Jen lowered her mouth to Sandy's hairy bush. Since it had been so long, it took a while for Sandy's juices to start flowing. But once they did, she came almost instantly.

"OHMYGOD!! OHMYGOD!! OHMYGOD!!"

"Did I wear you out?"

"Oh, no, no, no! I want to do it again. But this time can we cum together?"

"Yeah. Yeah, I'd like that. Let me lie down and we can 69."

They licked and fingered each other's pussies for several minutes before Sandy began to climax. This was enough to get Jen going and she came just a few seconds later.

"Um. . .Jen?"

"Yeah?"

"Uh. . .I mean. . .I'm guessing you have toys?"

"I do have a little something." She reached into the nightstand drawer and pulled out a double-ended dildo. "Will this do?"

"That's just what I was thinking of."

"I don't have any lube."

"That's okay. I think we're both wet enough."

They carefully inserted each end into their respective pussies and slowly started twisting and grinding until they finally got into rhythm with each other. As they climaxed together, they French kissed each other until they came down.

Sandy pulled her end of the dildo out of her vagina and both women lay down on the bed exhausted.

"Jen, can I ask you a question?"

"Sure. What?"

"Is this a one-night stand?"

"Not if you don't want it to be. Like I said earlier, I've been crushing on you for years."

Kiss.

"Good, because I'd like to do this again sometime. Only this time, I'll be prepared. I'll have makeup and a nice dress for when we go out and some sexy underwear and a Brazilian for when we get home. And maybe we can try some new things that we didn't do tonight."

"I'd like that."

After a few minutes of basking in the afterglow, a though crossed Jen's mind.

"Hey. What do you think Matt would do if he ever found out about this?"

"Here's an even better question: Who gives a fuck?"

THE END