 Disclaimers and what-not: This story came about after a huge snow storm blew across the area in the last couple of weeks. A co-worker of mine shared her unpleasant adventure of driving home in the storm, and well that just got me thinking. It wasn't long before the ideas were flying and my fingers were typing the words you will soon read. It's just a short story --- a little tease. I hope you enjoy it.

Thank you to my beta reader for your faith and input.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The snow fell heavily. Large wet flakes covered the ground quickly in a blanket of white. It continued to fall without mercy, as if there would be no end to it. The Transportation Department had already declared the roads to be dangerous to drive. Announcements were made to stay indoors and not risk travel of any kind. Temperatures had dropped, and the already accumulated six inches were going to freeze overnight making the roads worse with ice.

Harper just wanted to get home. She was ecstatic to receive the email encouraging employees to go home due to the snowstorm. Not one for hesitating, she shut down her computer, gathered her belongings, and wished her fellow co-workers a safe journey. She was grateful for her little black four-wheel drive Chevy Tracker as she dodged three Fedex trucks that slid or were in the process of sliding into the ditch. "Damn it, what is wrong with these people? Do they not see the weather condition? Just because you're driving a big truck, doesn't mean you can go your usual ludicrous speed across the snow. Idiots!"

The roads were atrocious, and with the amount of traffic, people driving in a panic, sliding around or getting stuck, it was going to take her a lot longer to get home. She finally made it to the intersection of Broadway and Higgins after an hour in traffic. "Shit, at this rate, it's going to take me three hours to get home on a normally twenty minute commute." Making a left turn at the traffic light, she was grateful she had hesitated when a pickup truck slid through the intersection. "Jesus, why doesn't anyone know how to drive?! And why the hell does this backwards town not believe in plowing the streets as soon as the ground is covered?!" Heart racing, she reluctantly pulled into the near empty parking lot of the small local diner she frequented often, regretting that she didn't use the restroom before leaving the office.

Harper was surprised and grateful the place was open as her bladder began to scream at her. She raced inside, noticing there were only a small handful of folks dining. Upon exiting the ladies room, she overheard a couple of older men at one table comment how better it would be if people waited until the snow tapered off in order to make visibility and driving more feasible. Curious, she turned around and asked, "Has it been announced what time it may stop snowing?"

The gentleman with the wool cap, and gray beard smiled kindly as he answered. "Oh it will clear up in about two hours. It makes for better driving, ya know."

"Thank you," she answered with a nod, agreeing with his assessment. Harper sighed, and figured she might as well take a seat. She hadn't had lunch yet, and she was definitely hungry. Maybe then all this craziness with these idiotic drivers would be mostly over. Why the hell did I move to this town? Oh yeah, job transfer and better pay. She sighed again. Better make the best of it then. She sat down at a booth near the huge front windows and grabbed the menu wedged behind the condiment bottles against the wall.

"Hi there hon, whatcha having today?" the older waitress asked as she set down a tall glass of Coke.

Harper smiled because a sip of her favorite drink is just what she needed right now. She was pleased that she had become one of the diner "regulars" in the few months coming here. It was humorous how the few waitresses were already very familiar with her eating habits. "I'll have the Reuben today, Sheryl."

"Extra cheese, dressing on the side with fries and a half order of onion rings?" the waitress inquired, already knowing the answer.

"Yes, thanks." Harper grinned as the waitress walked away. Reaching for her coat to pull out her phone, she decided to look at the radar map while she waited. She searched one pocket, and then the other. Oh it's probably in my purse. She looked on the bench seat, thinking she brought her purse in. Okay, apparently I left it in the car. Shrugging her coat back on, she quickly said to Sheryl passing by, "I'm just getting my purse from the car."

"Oh sure thing, hon," the redhead casually answered back.

Harper automatically shoved her hand in the coat pocket again for the keys, and then realized that the keys were never there when she was looking for the phone. Shit! Shit! Shit! Taking a deep breath, she reflexively tried to open the door, praying to any and every god that she would have left it unlocked. When the door didn't budge, she let out the breath she had been holding, and still tried to remain calm. She brushed the heavy wet snow from off the driver's side window, and spied the keys sitting directly on top of her purse which was sitting on the center console. "Fuck!!" She wanted to cry, but couldn't, knowing it was no use. "How could this happen? These things never happen to me!" Aggravated beyond any patience that once existed, Harper went to kick the back tire only to find that it was completely flat. "Are you fucking kidding me?!?!" She exclaimed in wide-eyed disbelief. I must be in the Twilight Zone. That's got to be the answer for all this shit happening. Feeling defeated, and very cold now from the blistering winds, she trudged back inside the diner.

As soon as she resumed her seat, the waitress came by with her hot food. The redhead felt something was amiss since her customer just stared down at the table. "Are you alright hon?"

Not being able to look up at her, Harper embarrassedly said, "I've accidentally locked my keys, purse, and phone in the car."

"Oh hon that's awful." Sheryl felt terrible, and wasn't sure what to do, so without another word, she walked off into the kitchen.

Now what the hell am I going to do? They're probably going to throw me out. Harper quickly wiped at the tear that threatened to spill. She had to think of a solution.

**************

"Tommie, I've got a regular at booth four who's in a real quandary out there."

Ocean blue eyes looked over at the redhead. "What kind of quandary?" The owner of the diner questioned immediately. Tommie listened carefully, to the long time employee who had grown to become like family. "Hmm, alright, I'll take care of it."

"Thanks Tommie, you're a doll." Sheryl said as she lovingly pinched the tall owner's cheek, knowing full well that it irked the hell out of her boss.

"Whatever," Tommie responded as she pulled away. "Hey, what the hell are you still doing here anyways? I told you to go home over an hour ago." Blue eyes stared at the waitress sternly with arms crossed over a broad chest.

"I know, but I wanted to get some stuff cleaned up before leaving. Plus we still have two tables out there, and George is still here cooking. You know I just live down the street, it's no big deal." George was the main cook. A big burly veteran, who always dreamed of being a chef, and proved to be an excellent cook and comrade to Tommie and the waitresses.

"Sheryl, don't give me your crap, you know full well George owns a Hummer, and his stubborn ass isn't going to leave until I lock up. And I know you live down the street, but by the time you traipse through this knee high blizzard to walk home you'll be frozen. I don't wish that on you, okay? Just go on home. We'll tally up your pay the day after tomorrow, when we reopen, unless you need it right now."

"No, I'm good. Alright, hon I'll check on the customers one more time and then leave, okay? You and George be careful when you close up, and hopefully that won't be too long from now." The redhead commented as she walked out of the kitchen.

Tommie shook her head in disbelief at the feisty employee and good friend. She set down the inventory clip board, and stepped into the dining area through the swinging door. Looking over at booth four, she instantly cringed upon seeing who was sitting there looking so despondent. Goddamn it! Why her?! Why does it have to be her?? Damn. Damn. Damn. Ever since she started coming in here, I've been doing what I can to avoid her. The tall owner silently moved behind the counter and turned around with her back to the tables, pretending to make more coffee, so she could calm herself down without notice. Ugh! Why does she have so be so damn beautiful? Even in her state now, being so upset, I just want to grab her and kiss her senseless and make it all better --- make her feel so damn good. Oh my god!! Calm the hell down cowboy! Get your hormones in check. Jeez, has it been so long since I've had sex last? Alright, calm down --- calm. You will be just as cool and suave as you are with anyone else. Finally taking a very deep breath, she waltzed casually towards the booth.

Harper didn't know what she was going to do. Even if someone was kind enough to give her a ride home, she couldn't get into her apartment. Maybe I could borrow some change to call AAA to open the car... and change the tire. And what would be the chances they say, 'not today lady'. Ugh! How could I be such an idiot?! Suddenly she was snapped out of her thoughts when a voice addressed her.

"Hey there, you know the food tastes better when it's still hot," the owner said as she slid into the booth across from the blonde. The most beautiful sea green eyes looked up at her in surprise.

Bloody hell, just kill me now. Of all the people, why you? I can't speak. If I do, I'll sound like a freak or an alien. What could I tell her? 'Why yes I did lock myself out of my car with everything in it, and yes I'm a natural blonde ha ha ha, oh and one more thing, would you please fuck my brains out cause you're the hottest thing I've ever seen and I want you so bad'. She'll shoot me and run out screaming! God ever since I discovered this place, I try my damnedest to catch a glimpse of her for my own twisted fantasies and now she's sitting right here in front of me.

Each of them reflexively gulped. The silence between them was almost deafening. Finally, Tommie let out a sigh, and said, "So Sheryl told me you're having some trouble."

"Ahhh....yes you can say that. I can't pay for the food, I can't get home, and I can't even make a phone call to AAA to unlock the car and fix the flat tire."

"Wow, so who did you piss off to deserve all that?" Tommie questioned humorously, hoping to bring a smile to the upset woman.

Harper slightly smirked. "I wish I knew so that I can make sure to never to it again."

Tommie contemplated the situation for a moment, and then continued, "Well how about you eat, and don't worry about payment. You come in here often enough, and it's terrible outside, so whatever you want to eat and drink is on me."

"Oh no, I don't want to get you or Sheryl or anyone else in trouble with the boss."

Tommie absently brushed a large hand through her shoulder length raven locks, and gave the distraught woman a toothy grin. "I am the boss," she chuckled. "My name is Tommie, by the way."

"Ohh you're the owner?" the blonde started, finally understanding. "Goodness, it's nice to meet you, my name is Harper. I would still feel bad not paying."

"Look, there's nothing else you can do right now. So just take it, okay?"

"It's very kind of you," Harper commented gratefully.

"Here's my cell. Do you need to call anyone at home to let them know you're okay?"

"No, I live by myself and....well, I haven't had time to go out and make friends or anything."

Tommie conveniently filed that bit of information, and smiled inwardly, glad to know the blonde was single. Okay so she's single. So are you going to actually muster up the balls to ask her out? Maybe...when it's more convenient. "Well, go ahead and call a tow truck or whoever you need to, and see what they say." Tommie slid the smartphone across the table top. "I've got a few things to do, so I'll come back and you can let me know how things are going."

"Thank you....truly, this means a lot," the blonde added with a small smile.

The diner owner got up, checked out the last table of gentlemen who decided to leave now that the snow was slowing down, and then went into the kitchen.

*************

Harper polished off her sandwich and was in the middle of eating the fries when she decided to call AAA. "Hi, my name is Harper McGinnis, my member number is 487556249. I'm located in the parking lot of the Starlight Diner on Higgins. I've managed to lock my keys in the car, and I have a flat tire." She listened as the friendly customer service representative pulled up her information. "Yes, I am inside the diner and out of the storm for now." Suddenly amber eyebrows drew together in confusion, and then they shot up her forehead. "What?!?! Three o'clock tomorrow? Unfuckingbelievable." She let out in an exasperated sigh. "Yes, yes I understand. I'm sorry I'm not mad at you --- just mad in general at my luck. Yes, please schedule me in. Thank you." She ended the call. With hands covering her face, she leaned on her elbows hating her life at this moment.

"How's it going?" Tommie asked, having suddenly returned. The slumped shoulders and the head facing down were not a good sign. She was about to slide onto the bench when she noticed the woman's shoulders start to shake. "Oh no, no no no --- don't cry." She slid in next to Harper and instinctively pulled the blonde crown against her chest to comfort her. "It's okay. No need to cry. It'll be okay," Tommie softly cooed.

"How can it be?" Harper choked out. "They can't help me until late tomorrow. I have nowhere to go. It's not like I can just stay in the diner." She sniffled and wiped at her face. "I can't even stay at the nearest hotel."

Tommie's heart went out to the woman. What a mess this is turning into for her. She hooked a finger under Harper's chin, gently drawing the face up. Long fingers tenderly wiped the reddened tear-stained cheeks, and suddenly she felt like she was drowning when she looked into those gorgeous sea green eyes. Contemplating the best course of action, and how she could help, she cleared her throat, and finally whispered, "You can stay at my place."

Harper looked at her with some confusion, not sure she heard the woman correctly.

"We can have a good time shooting the shit and watching movies tonight. Tomorrow will be a new day, and you'll have your car and keys all ready so you can go home."

Harper didn't know what to say. This amazingly kind and gorgeous, statuesque woman that she's had eyes for these past few months just invited her over. The warmth and nearness of the body next to her suddenly became overwhelming. Absently she stared at the full lips, wishing to be consumed by them. My god I want to kiss you. Just looking at you, being so close like this, who cares about the storm, the car, not getting home, when I just want to feel more of you.

Tommie fell head long into those forest green eyes. Suddenly nothing else existed except holding this beautiful woman. Their faces were mere inches apart, almost sharing the same breath. If you only knew how much I would love to explore your body and ravish you until you begged me to stop. Would you run if you knew?

Before it even registered in Harper's mind what was happening, she reached up drawing Tommie's face in, and pressed their mouths together. The kiss was exhilarating. Lips nibbled tenderly at first, and when tongues embraced, the troubles of Harper's day no longer mattered. The kiss deepened quickly as a fire ignited inside each of them. Hearing the moan that escaped her throat, a sound of need and want and longing passion, Harper pulled away in surprise. She touched small fingers to her lips which still tingled. Looking into those cobalt blue eyes, hoping to god she didn't make a mistake, she saw a primal lust that perfectly mirrored her own. Needing to pull her gaze away from the intense heat of those eyes, she looked around finally realizing that they were the only two in the diner. The lights had been dimmed, and the 'CLOSED' sign ever so slowly swung from side to side on the glass front door.

****************

Neither woman spoke after that kiss. They just silently got up, Tommie having grabbed the dishes from the table to put in the dishwasher, and Harper just willingly followed. They walked out the back, through the kitchen, and Tommie locked the door behind them.

Harper noticed the snow stopped falling, at least for now, as they made their way through seven inches of the wet and heavy mixture.

The diner owner knew, from the last forecast she heard, it wouldn't be too long before it started again. As the wind blew, Tommie offered her hand to the shorter woman who did not hesitate to take it. I can't believe she kissed me. The raven haired woman thought. And I kissed her back. We really kissed, and god, was it intense. I can only imagine what it would be like to....

"You live behind the diner?" Harper inquired after walking across the narrow dead end street behind the small parking lot, and up to the front porch steps of a small house.

Tommie turned, giving her a lopsided grin in response. Unlocking the door, she ushered the woman inside.

A friendly and peaceful warmth surrounded Harper as she stood in the cozy living room. She scanned the area, noticing the few books that lay about and the nice inviting feel the room held. She followed suit of hanging her belongings on the free standing wooden coat rack. Watching Tommie unlace her boots, she proceeded to kick her own off as well.

"Would you like something to drink? I was going to heat up some water for tea."

"Tea sounds great, thanks," Harper answered, following her hostess into the kitchen. I still can't believe we kissed. Her mouth tasted so good. I wonder if we can do it again. Hmm maybe she'll want to talk about it first. The vast amount of light coming from the adjacent room just off the back of the kitchen piqued Harper's curiosity, so she poked her head in and took a look. She smiled at the beautiful sun room with the floor to ceiling windows on all three sides. To the left was a shelf with potted fresh herbs, and she recognized many of them. Off to the immediate right, a bookshelf lined the entire wall. She recognized many of the classics as well as some more modern fiction. Along the windows on the right stood an old wooden desk holding stacks of files, folders, and a laptop. In the center was a plush couch and simple coffee table. It was just as warm in here as it was in the living room, despite all of the windows.

"Tea is ready on the counter," Tommie gently voiced from right behind the blonde.

The sound of that sultry voice so close to her ear made Harper's stomach clench with such a lustful want, that she was sure she could feel the wetness beginning to collect on her panties. She turned around, pulling Tommie in by the shirt front for a passion infused kiss. Mouths opened immediately allowing tongues to swirl and dance.

Large hands slid down, cupping Harper's firm round backside, and bringing her in closer. Tommie felt the blonde's arms envelope her broad shoulders bracing herself, and suddenly legs wrapped around the owner's waist. With Harper's bold action, Tommie did not resist pushing the shorter woman up against the door frame to grind into her.

"Yes," Harper gasped, breaking from the lip-lock. A hungry mouth assaulted her neck, making her delirious. "God I've dreamt about this for so long," she confessed in the heat of passion.
