 Author's Note – I strongly recommend reading the other chapters as this is turning into something of a saga. Please comment and give feedback, I love hearing it!




'It's Showtime!'

Taylor wanted to giggle but didn't want a spanking from her mistress and fell to her hands and knees instantly and began to crawl after her pregnant mistress, off to the bathroom. Where had this dominant side come from? I suppose she learnt from the best, she chuckled to herself. She had offered this situation as a treat for Amy, expecting to enjoy it, but not expecting to .... Love it. Down on her hands and knees, letting someone else do the work and just purely submitting for a bit felt ... it felt amazing. Amy had disappeared into the bathroom and Taylor crawled in after her... 

Even the bathroom was bigger than their whole apartment. As you walked in, the whole back wall was made up of mosaics depicting the Aegean Sea outside, dazzling blue, with a bathtub jutting out the wall that was as big as their bedroom, more like a pool. Amy walked over to it and turned on the taps while Tay remained on her knees. On the left wall were towels on heated racks, another chaise longue sofa and a make up table of sorts. Every wall apart from the mosaic was mirrored glass and Taylor could see different copies of her submissive kneeling form dotted around the walls. On the right was a toilet, a bidet and the shower cubicle they had shared earlier. 

Steam was rising from the bath tub but Amy switched the taps off. She offered a hand and helped Taylor to her feet. The purple strap-on brushed against her as she moved past. She climbed in and lay back in the soothing water and watched as Amy tried to manoeuvre her slightly bigger body into the tub.

'Are you ok ...?'

'Yes, I'm fine pet, don't worry about me.'

She held up a hand to show she needed no help and eventually settled down into the water. Taylor had been floating backwards but then swum forward to meet Amy, and they met for kiss, floating above the surface. Somehow the bath must have been dug below the foundations of the floor because the further you moved away from the side, the deeper it went as if it were a fully fledged pool. Under the water, Taylor wrapped her legs around Amy's waist and pulled her close, just the water and the baby separating them. Under the water, the strap on floated upwards to the surface, and came to rest just laying between Taylor's lips, a constant teasing presence.

Amy inched her head forward and moved in for a soft, tender kiss. Then she remembered that today she was in charge. This was no time for tenderness. She pulled away from the kiss, dragging Taylor's lower lip with her teeth, drawing the tiniest drop of blood. She took Taylor by the hand and kicked backwards so they were swimming back towards the edge of the tub where it was so shallow you could sit. She had her back to the door they had come in from, pressed against the wall of the tub. 

She stood up, making the tiniest splashes and walked around Taylor's form. When Amy's body moved away, and that face she had been staring lovingly at, she saw her own face reflected back at her in the wall mirror. She looked simultaneously dishevelled but beautiful. Her blond hair had come loose from its elegant style in the frenzy of the bed fucking, and blond strands were hanging down in untidy wisps and clumps. Her skin was slightly sweaty as well, not helped by the fact that she had pink lipstick marks from Amy on her cheeks and neck. Bobbing up and down in the water though, she looked radiant and fulfilled.

The smile on her face was one of general excitement and happiness. You should only have one honeymoon in your life if you're lucky enough to have one ... and Taylor couldn't be happier now. Here she was, now on her hands and knees in the bath about to submit to someone for the first time in her life. She should be nervous. She should be, but she wasn't. How could she be nervous with Amy?

And when she looked at herself in the mirror, there she was, hugging her from behind in the bath, pulling her up so she was standing on her knees, Amy's arms joined around her waist and her head nuzzled into her shoulder, sucking in the skin softly. That made Taylor moan and she couldn't help shutting her eyes briefly. When she opened them again, she saw her wife cradling her and staring intensely back into the mirror at their dual reflection. Their eyes met in the mirror and they shared a moment which was intensified as Amy's hand deftly wandered up to take a breast firmly and squeeze it.

All the while she was groping her new wife in a way she had never been allowed to before, Amy gently sucked on her neck while watching the whole scene play out. They had never watched themselves before but they had been missing out, she realised now. Her teeth just nibbling her ear lobe now as she pinched Tay's nipple softly, she whispered lovingly.

'Keep your eyes open for me, my love. I want you to watch me fucking you.'

As the words were spoken, Taylor's breath rose fast and her limbs seemed to tingle uncontrollably. Such a rush of arousal, a submissive feeling that was totally foreign to her, was coursing through her veins and boy, did it feel good. Now she knew how Amy felt all those times she had got back from work and she'd found her little English girlfriend on her knees, panties in her mouth, just begging to be spanked. That had seemed alien to a domme like her. Now as she felt the strap on float up and rest between her ass cheeks, a spanking didn't seem so bad ... not bad at all ...

Their eyes never left each other. Taylor couldn't move as Amy's hands held her firmly in place as she ran them all along her form, but nor did she want to. She just knelt there, the feeling of the water running up her entrance, feeling pleasant but nowhere near as pleasant as Amy's two hands, which were massaging her boobs now sensually with a new found strength that had not been her before.

Just as Taylor found herself slipping into sweet submission, Amy the lifetime submissive was stumbling upon a dominant streak she never knew was deep within her. Whether it was the pregnancy hormones or just the sight of Taylor on her knees, offering herself to her like she had to no one else before, all she wanted to do was bend her over, grab a fistful of her hair and stick her plastic cock in her as far as possible. She had thought it just a plastic nuisance and didn't see how Taylor got any pleasure out of using it. But now with it on, it felt like a part of herself.

When she stood, it flopped down like a powerful tool just waiting to be switched on. She imagined the potency that men felt and felt an overwhelming desire to join her new cock with Taylor. But she had to wait, she had to discipline herself. She knew that when Taylor dominated her she liked to be teased and denied, brought right to the edge until she begged for more. She was going to make Taylor beg today as she had begged herself so many times before. She moved one hand away from her chest and trickled it down moving along her navel, sweetly whispering.

'I'm going to make you beg, Tay. I'm going to make you scream my name. I'm in charge tonight ... I hope you'll like it when... .'

Her seduction was meant to be slow and her hand was only just teasing past her navel when Taylor's own snapped out and grabbed her wrist with a jolt, making her jump. Amy's words stopped dead and Taylor muttered as she caught her breath.

'I don't like this Amy....', she breathed and Amy tightened until, 'I absolutely love it!'

Gripping her wrist so tightly, she shoved Amy's hand between her legs and pressed her down firmly onto the warm heat coming from inside her, forcing her there and not letting her escape. She didn't target her clit or her hole, she just wanted Amy's hand there, around there, enveloping all of there. Her vagina was the most precious part of her body right then and she needed Amy just to touch it, even though she had touched it millions of times before. 

As Taylor squeezed her wrist hard, so too did Amy fondle Taylor's boob, so hard that Taylor gave a little shudder. Her other hand now firmly glued to her cunt, started unwinding itself and came apart for just a second before two fingers began to stroke there lightly. 

'Shh ... let go...'

The hand that had been gripping Amy so tightly fell away, and Taylor did just that. She let go and let all the energy in her body just seep out. She fell back into Amy' arms, feeling the baby bump nudge into her back just slightly but not caring. She shut her eyes as she fell back into bliss when SLAP!

Her cunt was stinging and those two caressing fingers delivered a sharp blow. Her eyes darted open and she met Amy's again, instantly realising her mistake as she did.

'I told them to keep them open. I want you to watch as I toy with you. Or do you need to be punished?'

The words felt weird to Amy, to hear them from her own mouth, but she had read enough Literotica stories so that she knew what to say. Taylor had fucked enough subs to know how she should reply.

'I'm sorry, Amy. I can be a good girl.'

'That's Miss Amy, tonight ...'

Oh, just hearing her say that was giving Taylor goosebumps. Oh, she was so wet and it was nothing to do with the bath. She leant forward again, getting back into a doggy position and just gave her ass a little wave. She may be the sub tonight, but she could still hypnotise Amy. She wiggled it back and forth, left to right slowly and teasingly before two strong hands darted out lightning fast and held that firm ass in place, gripping Tay's hips tightly. 

'You want this cock in you, now?' 

The voice sounded like a stranger and her Amy all at the same time. This forceful domme was a foreign presence but with little touches that could only be Amy. After she gave her demands in a slightly lower voice, Amy's own more high pitched giggle always followed. Taylor found her lover's eyes in the mirror again and nodded.

'I want you to say it, my love...'

'Please, take your beautiful cock and ram it in me, Amy, so hard ... OW!'

A stinging blow had been delivered to her asscheek this time. Taylor quickly realised her mistake and went on, one red handprint on her butt to show for it and a delicious sense of losing control.

'Please, Miss Amy, give me the fucking I deserve.'

Amy pulled away, not touching Taylor at all now, to tighten her harness and make sure it was secure. When she was satisfied, she looked down at her wife, on all fours like a dirty dog and got on her knees behind her, positioning her cock just by her anus. She took it in her left hand and slowly traced it down from her asshole to her cunt and then up her labia to her clit, pausing in certain spots to apply the most fleeting pressure, then running it up and down again, slow, teasing, repeating, slow, teasing, repeating ...

'Mmm, baby, please just fuck me already ... I need it. I'm your sub slut tonight and all I need is you inside me. Open me up, my love, split me down the middle, just anything is better than this teasing right now. I'm on fire here ...'

Amy couldn't deny such a desperate plea and put an end to the games. With her left hand, she stilled Taylor's body by the hips and grabbed the cock with her right, sliding it smoothly into Taylor's gaping slit. The blonde let out a sigh of relief as she finally got the penetration she had been dying for all night. The cock felt so good inside her and her lips clamped round it tight, never wanting it, or Amy, to leave her cunt alone again ...

Amy's right hand joined the other holding her waist and just gripped tight there for a moment. Taylor was totally under her control, her slim waist between her hands, power radiating from them and from her phallus deep inside her wife. For a moment, she just left the cock in there, letting Taylor adjust. Then the fucking began ...

Amy was unsure about the strap on at first, she was worried about the tightness and whether it would stay hard and firm in place for Taylor but she had seemed to stop caring or noticing anything else. Her wife was backing her cute little ass up onto the big toy and back again, easing herself onto it then beginning to fuck herself before Amy could even spring into action. That would not do and so she had to be spanked again. SMACK!

'I'll set the pace tonight, you eager little whore.'

All this name calling was turning Taylor on incredibly and she put on her most simpering schoolgirl voice. 

'Yes, Miss Amy. I'll be a good girl. Although ... I like it when you call me a dirty little whore... Can you do it again?'

Amy knew that feeling and was all too happy to oblige. She gripped Tay's hips even harder and began to work up a slow rhythm, moving in and out of her, while obscene names rose to her lips. Each one Taylor had threw at her in the past and each one was based on love, as humiliating or demeaning as they sounded. 

'You're my fucktoy, Taylor. My good for nothing fuck pet.' Amy moaned, already out of her breath as she began to fuck her faster and faster, stretching Taylor who could do nothing but moan and occasionally agree. 'You're my fuck piggy, my pathetic fuck piggy ... '

'Yes, I'm a pathetic dyke slut.'

Taylor spat out the words between desperate breaths, her body rocking backwards and forwards in the water, her breasts swinging out underneath her. If she wasn't propping her body up, she would have loved to have been playing with her nipples. They'd never been harder ..,

'Say oink, fuck piggy!'

There was no hesitation from Taylor as Amy angled herself backwards ever so slightly so the cock pointed upwards more and just began to brush her G-spot. She just lost it.

'OINK! OINK! I'm your fuck piggy, Miss Amy, OINK OINK! Oh god, yes, right there!'

She was still watching herself in the mirror, as much as she could focus with the way her body was rocking back and forth. The expression on her face was one she had never seen in any mirror before. This was the expression of pure orgasmic delight. Amy was staring at her face too, but turned to gaze down at the perfect ass she was cupping, the sight of those lips stretched by a big thick dildo turning her on even more. She had been wet for hours, and now there was positively a trail of her cum running from her legs down past her knees. 

There was too much energy flowing through Taylor, streaming out from her pussy and electrifying her whole body. She was gripping onto the edge of the tub tight, her fingers clenched round the edge but it wouldn't be long before she was screaming so loud she'd wake the whole Greek island up but Amy didn't stop, she never let up, she just kept pounding her wife and talking dirty to her.

'Tell me how much you love me, my slutty new wife.'

Amy barked the words in a mock-harsh tone but there was no disguising the pride and joy she felt using that marital word. All it did though was make her want to fuck her harder. Taylor was hers to have and to hold and right now all she wanted to do was to hold her down and have her, have her wicked way with her. 

'I love you so much, Miss Amy ... all I want to do is show you how much. I'm going to make you cum every day until we're old and grey and ... AHHH FUCK YES .... I will never stop loving YOUUUUUUUUUU.'

The screams were coming because Amy had moved a hand off her hips and gone down to start rubbing her clit. Taylor couldn't take it anymore, she had to touch herself and awkwardly, in the middle of a brutal pounding, engineered her body so that her right elbow was propping herself up now. Free at last, her left snaked down and met Amy's. She pressed it down tight on her clit and began moving Amy's hand, rubbing it back and forth and loving their shared touch. 

With her right hand, still propping her up, she just about managed to grab her right swinging boob and take it in all of her hand, squeezing tight and moaning loudly. Those moans, oh those moans, they nearly sent Amy over the edge herself and her cunt wasn't even being stimulated apart from the brief sensations where the harness moved up firm against her mound. Amy's own little boobs were jiggling each time she slammed into them. Her nipples were hard like pebbles and little beads of sweat were running down the crests of her bosom. 

Taylor knew she couldn't last much longer now her G-spot and clit were both being worked intensely. Amy, for her first time ever fucking a woman like this, was some kind of fucking expert. Maybe it was the love they shared, their hot bodies or the hormones numbing her mind at that moment but as Taylor looked in the mirror and watched herself be rammed endlessly, she couldn't help but think how all the porn in the world paled in comparison to seeing her Amy treat her like this. 

Amy moaned as well now. She was getting consumed in the act, and the cock tied to her waist felt like a part of her and every raw thrust into Taylor's gaping hole made her want to pull out and slam in again, harder and faster. She just watched the small of Taylor's back as it rocked back and forth, her perfect skin. Her eyes travelled up her body and saw Taylor's face, eyes clenched shut now with the weight of the orgasm that was about to crash over her. But the new domme in her couldn't stand for that. ...

Taylor felt the cock hit as far as it would go with the deepest thrust yet, then she felt it slide back, back through her until to her utter dismay it popped all the way out. Her eyes opened wide and she turned and looked back at Amy pleadingly, who stood up, unbuckling the harness and letting the cock fall down into the water. What had she done wrong?

'I said I wanted you watching at all times. Bad pet ...'

Taylor couldn't believe this was happening. She was so close, she needed that cock, or anything for that matter, in her, jammed up her cunt and ripping it open right now, she was on the verge of the most intense orgasm she'd ever had. She spun round, sitting down facing Amy in the tub now. Gathering her breath and trying to make sense of some words, she began to beg.

'Please, I can ...'

But Amy wasn't hearing any of it. With a strength she had never known, she walked calmly through the water and bent down, cupping Taylor's ass with both hands then lifting her up. Whether it was the adrenalin from dominating, her superhuman pregnancy strength or just the sheer power of love flowing through her, she managed to lift Taylor's whole body so that she wrapped her legs around her hips, carrying her under ass while Taylor clung onto her. She stepped out the tub, carrying the two of them ... make that the three of them. The bump made things slightly more difficult but they managed.

Not caring about the water splashing off the two of them over the floor, they left a trail from the bathroom to the balcony. There was a sunlounger which looked out over the cliff and Amy deposited her there, not wanting to wait any longer. When her lover was laid out with spread legs, she did what came naturally ... and fell on her knees to pleasure her Mistress. Taylor opened wide for her before she even had to say anything, although her slender fingers reached out to tangle themselves in Amy's brown locks, pulling her incoming head closer to her wet pussy. 

Taylor pushed her head down and clamped her thighs round her ears, but Amy didn't care. All she cared about was the taste of that pussy. She knew it wouldn't be long before Taylor squirted all over her face and her tongue darted out to bring her to that place, licking her clit in little circles that just made Taylor scream and buck. Her ass was lifting off the lounger and into the air as her back arched involuntarily. Amy had to rise higher on her knees to keep her tongue in contact as Taylor wriggled around. The orgasm came, she knew, when her thighs seemed to strangle her, her hair was being pulled on with all Taylor's might and the whole of Lesbos heard Taylor's guttural cry.
