 Disclaimer: This is a fictional continuation of my story "Holiday Fireworks". If you are under 18 or offended by descriptions of sexual interactions between women, please go elsewhere. If not, read on and feel free to email me with comments. 

It has been a year since my discovery of and conversion to submissive lesbianism. Alex and Mia turned out to be cousins and as far as I knew now lived in London. I was bitterly angry in the days after the 'fireworks', angry that upon awakening to my truer self the woman whom I lusted to serve disappeared. I guess I really did think I was someone special, and maybe I was, maybe I was. If she returned I would willingly drop to my knees in service, willingly offer my lovely body to her use and abuse.

Gradually my anger subsided and the memories of those 4 days sustained me. My artwork grew freer and bolder. I myself grew paradoxically more assertive and therefore successful at the office. Although I kept my private life private word got around that I didn't care much for men. I thought I detected a gleam of envy in the eyes of the unhappily married women at our firm (and I didn't know ONE who was happily married!).

I also continued to take ballet, secretly hoping for a new member of the class. My friend Jennifer was now separated and one night over a drink after class I confided to her my experiences with Alex and Mia. Her jaw dropped and I could see she was aroused and it felt good to arouse her. I spared no detail – the slaps, the wax, the collar, Mia's clit ring, my double-pleasure, my flogging.... I even told Jen about swallowing Alex's golden fluid in the morning as a gesture of obeisance.

"I didn't know I would ever do such things," I said, "but now they seem so natural. I love the female body."

Jen told me of her marital problems. Her husband was 30, very much into his business and sports. Not bad in bed, she said, but nothing special either.

"You know, I'm 25, and I can't believe this is all there is to sex," she lamented.

"Well," I replied, "it doesn't have to be."

There was a pause. I broke the awkward silence.

"Do you think less of me for what I've done? Do you think I'm a hopeless perv? Be honest, Jen."

"No, Sonya, no.... I think – I just think you're lucky, lucky and....and beautiful." She blushed.

Jen was a brunette – long dark lustrous hair and dark eyes, olive skin. At 5'6" she was a little taller than I. Her body was very athletic, very strong. If she had taken dance seriously in her youth she might have become a talent. Her breasts were very full.

"Thanks, Jen," I said, and added demurely, "but not as beautiful as you."

I meant it. My face is intelligent and attractive, but by no means classically pretty. And my breasts... my poor small breasts. They are exquisitively sensitive and I love them and wouldn't trade them for anything bigger, but they're small and get hardly a glance. Jen was gorgeous in a sultry Latin way. Her Irish hubby didn't strike me as the sensually appreciative type.

"I'd love to paint you," I said suddenly.

She smiled innocently. "I'd be flattered."

We arranged for her to sit for me the next Saturday afternoon.

Jen arrived and she was obviously tipsy. She was all smiles and flirts and to tell the truth I was put off. She stripped almost immediately and assumed several peculiar poses and I became annoyed.

"C'mon, Sonya, what do you want me to do?" she cried. "I know how you lesbos are, you'll do anything for the taste and feel of a REAL woman!" She laughed.

"Jen," I said softly.

"Don't 'Jen' me," she replied.

I could smell the alcohol on her breath. It made me sick.

"Jen, come on, lie down for me over here."

I led her to my sofa and stretched her naked body out and by the time I had fetched my sketch pad she was fast asleep.

I took advantage of her motionlessness to do a credible rendering of her lovely form. Her muscular thighs and back were evident. I did wonder about what kind of lover she would be, and it struck me that her husband must have avoided her for some reason. Yes, she was pushy, full of herself, and not sensual at all when she behaved that way. It was as if she were afraid of the vulnerable aspect of sensuality, the giving in to desire, the giving up of oneself to one's lover of the moment. I seemed to see all this in the hour or so I spent with my pencil. I recalled too that as a dancer she was hard – good, competent, but too hard. And when she first drew my attention to Alex I remembered such a flood of lust for Alex, but none at all for her, which struck me as odd. Now I think I know why.

Then I had an idea.

When Jen awoke on my sofa she discovered quickly that her wrists were bound together over her head. I had also secured them to the rear leg of the sofa with my scarves, so she had little play. And while she was sleeping I carefully tied a long silk scarf to each ankle, gingerly fastening one ankle to the front leg of the sofa, so that it dangled a bit off the sofa's edge, and the other to the rear leg. This leg I had lifted to rest atop the sofa's back cushions, with the result that her legs were spread wide apart to expose her precious little womanly cunt.

I dressed myself in a pair of white lace panties and bra, very skimpy, with nothing else. I sat across from her, watching, sipping on a soda.

Jen squirmed. "Hey," she called, "what's going on?" As she realized the extent of her helplessness she cursed me. "Hey Sonya, what the fuck is this? Stop playing this fucking game."

"Sssshhh," I admonished.

"Fuck you! – get these fucking things off me, bitch!" Her voice grew louder as I approached.

"Jen, ssshhhh.... The neighbors will hear," I said softly.

"That's fucking right!" she shouted.

Then I slapped her and she was stunned and quieted for a moment.

"Quiet!" I whispered.

"You bitch!" she replied. I slapped her again, on her mouth, harder this time.

"You... " She shouted again and again I slapped her, this time pulling on her lustrous brown hair. I felt a flush of power and excitement. I liked what I was doing to her. She glared at me and I slapped her mouth yet again for good measure. She was utterly silent as I gagged her with another scarf and tightly knotted it behind her head.

I looked over her body. I now knew what Alex must have felt with me, the pure delight of ownership, of being able to do anything you wanted with a lovely feminine body before you. I took my time gazing and caressing. I traced my fingers from her hands to her feet. I ran them along her sides. I softly kissed the undersides of her arms and then her neck. I could smell Jen's arousal and knew how wet she was becoming, and how relaxed. I kissed from her neck down to her navel and she shuddered. I licked along the same path and she moaned. Then I moved my kisses along her thighs and calves and feet, brushing my lips, flicking out my tongue occasionally.

Her full breasts looked luscious, begging to be tended. I dribbled my spittle slowly over each of her nipples, making them hard and erect. Very very deliberately I embraced each nipple with my lips and oh so gently sucked. Jen's back arched and she moaned involuntarily. I teased her nipples the way Alex had teased mine, and Jen was captivated.

I then began to slap her breasts sharply and she cried out.

"Do you like this, Jen?" I asked.

She nodded.

I slapped a bit harder, more keenly, stinging her nipples and the soft undersides of each breast.

"Are you sure, bitch?" I softly inquired.

She nodded vigorously. I slapped and spanked her glistening breasts even harder, occasionally spitting on them to keep them wet and slippery, to enhance the sting of my hand.

"Now listen to me Jen, listen up like a good slut. I'm going to remove the gag, but only on one condition. One condition.... And that is...."

Jen was heaving a bit, very excited I could see. I continued.

"The condition is that you can only say 'please', 'thank you', 'yes' and 'Mistress'. Got it?"

She assented. "Do you accept this condition?"

She nodded again. I slapped her cheek. Again she nodded.

So I removed the gag and kissed her full and deep on the lips, and her hardness was gone. We kissed for minutes and I was now growing more and more aroused by her. The softer and more willing she became the hotter was I. The powerful aroma from her cunt was so sweet....

"I love the way you smell, Jen," I said.

"Thank you, Mistress" she replied.

"You're behaving much better now," I continued.

"Yes."

"You're quite a slut."

"Thank you, Mistress."

I brought my hand hard down onto her exposed pussy, which was trimmed neatly but not shaven like mine.

"Oh!" she exclaimed.

I slapped her face immediately and replaced the gag roughly.

"So disobedient so soon!" I exclaimed.

I left the room and returned with a Polaroid. Jen's eyes widened with fear and she shook her head violently and attempted to cry out in protest. Her screams were muffled and I took a handful of pictures. After each developed I made sure to show her. She became very still.

"Now maybe you'll be a little less disobedient," I murmured.

I removed the gag and kissed her deeply again and she returned my kiss with ardor. She was mine for the taking. I should have known it when she first told me about Alex's glances in class.

Her cunt was beckoning, however, and the first small touch of my tongue onto her pussy lips sent her thighs shuddering. I ran my tongue and lips delicately along her slit, and oh so slowly, u and down. She was most wet....

"Thank you, yes, Mistress," she cooed. I spanked her cunt suddenly.

"Thank you!" she exclaimed.

"You're welcome, bitch."

I gave her cunt a hard stinging slap and her ass leapt off the sofa and when she settled down I gave her another. She was growing wetter and wetter.

"Thank you, Mistress," she said huskily.

She thanked me after each blow and each blow became more intense and each 'thank you' louder.

"You want to cum, don't you bitch"

"Yes, Mistress," she purred.

"But you do NOT have my permission."

"No, Mistress." She looked forlorn, aware of her transgression.

I smiled.

"What did you say?"

"Sonya, I'm sorry..."

I grabbed her hair very roughly and spat on her face and slapped her twice across her mouth, backhand and forehand.

"Thank you, Mistress," she whispered.

I gagged her again. I was fast becoming a monster. I was doing to her what had been done to me, punishing her for her role in introducing me to Alex, beautiful fucking Alex who had initiated me and then abandoned me. I caught hold of myself.

"I'll give you another chance, you bitch," I said quietly.

She nodded as if in thanks.

"Have you ever tasted pussy before?" I asked. She shook her head.

"Are you sure?" 

She nodded.

"Good... because I'd love for you to lick my lesbian cunt. I want to feel your slutty "womanly" lips on my pussy, I want to make you forget you've ever thought about an ugly cock before in your life."

I slipped off my panties. They were heavy with moisture, my juices, and as I removed Jen's gag I let her smell and taste the my essence in the fabric.

I then straddled her head and held onto her wrists as I lowered my glistening charged cunt to her waiting mouth. She licked tentatively at first and I pressed myself down on her face and her tongue grew bolder. I coiled her long hair in each hand and lifted her head into my crotch.

"Suck on my pussy lips like a proper slut," I advised.

I moved her head by the hair so that her tongue made wide swaths along the length of my hungry sopping cunt., and then I pulled her head rapidly side-to-side. I pressed down harder and rubbed my pussy along the length of her face, leaving it bathed in my juices. She was loving every bit of it!

I then turned around and assumed a 69. Her tight little pussy was divine. I stretched myself out and clasped her ankles with my hands as I lowered my yearning lips. She lifted her cunt to my face, all the while still licking me, and I attacked her pussy with reckless fierce abandon. Her cunt quivered as I engulfed her tender clitoris with my lips, sucked it furiously into my mouth while lashing it rapidly with my flicking tongue, side to side, in circles, and directly. How long I had fantasized about pleasing my Mistress this way! With Alex gone, Jen would suffice for now.

I brought her to the edge several times and would quickly lift my head to wait for the orgasmic rumblings to subside before again devouring that sweet pussy, making love to its tender pinknesses. Jennifer came once, and then again, and it took all my will power to keep from cumming myself. She arched her body and it spasmed into my face and her moans were like music, high-pitched and gentle, telling of newness and gratitude.

I arose and kissed her passionately, my pet, on the mouth and stood over her. I lifted one leg and rested my foot on the top of the sofa, giving Jen a superb view of my cunt and ass. I then took my right middle finger and placed it in Jennifer's mouth to be lubricated. She complied eagerly and I inserted it into my tender lusting nether-channel. I moved my finger in and out of my ass, slowly, with mounting tension, and with my left hand I exposed my clit, rubbing alongside it. I was getting so close, all the more inflamed by Jen's dark smouldering eyes beneath me, and her open beckoning mouth.

I removed my left hand from my privates and used it to lift Jen's head up to my cunt as I continued to ply my ass. The feel of Jen's exquisitely soft lips on my bud and inner flesh was overwhelming.

"You lovely... fucking... bitch... slut.... gorgeous.... I'm cumming! Jen you cunt, I'm cumming, I'm cumming on your beautiful fucking lesbian face!!!!"

I heaved and moaned and drenched Jen's visage and her mouth was unstoppable. She also licked and sucked my finger with glee.

"Thank you, Mistress," she said, seductively. 

I was spent. As if in a trance I gagged her again, without the slightest protest or whimper, and stole into my bedroom. I gazed at myself long and hard in the mirror. What was I becoming, what had I become? I wasn't sure. I recalled dimly Alex's words about true subs needing to domme as they were trained.

But whatever it was, I wanted to see it through. For now Jen was mine and far too lovely to let slip away.

End of Part 1. Feedback appreciated.