 I was going to miss her so much. 

Hell... If the truth must be told, I was going to miss them both. My best friend, Deshaune and her soon-to-be life partner, K were moving... 

Clear across the country. 

It was so sudden, that when Dee told me, I actually thought that she was joking. But when I learned that she wasn't kidding, I was devastated. 

K had been offered a wonderful position with a pharmaceutical company in California and the pay and benefits were so good that there was no way that she was going to turn it down. 

She wanted Dee to be with her. And Dee wanted the same. 

In the beginning of their relationship, I didn't want to like K. After the "amicable" break up of my marriage, Dee and her son Malik were all that I (and my two baby girls) had, and I will be honest, I held on to her selfishly. I made it a duty to find something wrong with any mate that she had. I made it my personal goal to not like anyone that she introduced to me. Though I never interfered with her relationships, I was never "buddy-buddy" with any of her girlfriends. I was polite... Okay! Okay! Maybe I was a little frostbitten with them, but I wasn't a complete bitch. At least, I don't think so... 

But for the life of me, I couldn't find anything to dislike about K. She was wacky, creative, funny, clever. She kept Dee in stitches with childhood tales and whatever popped into her mind. She even threw me off every now and then with a gut-buster. She had a little girl who considered Dee to be her second mom. She truly made my best friend truly happy. I knew how much Dee needed that, so there was no way that I could dislike her. 

DAMMIT!

But now, I had a reason to be a little resentful. She was taking my best friend 40 hours away... Hundreds of miles away... And their departure was only a couple of days away. 

K had traveled to Cali for a few weeks prior to have everything somewhat settled and organized for when they would all begin their new lives in their new place. In her absence, I spent as much time with Dee as I could. 

I would often just kick back and relax while Dee packed up their belongings. Sometimes we would reminisce about good times and discuss past misfortunes and whatnot. I was just happy to have her to myself for a little while. I was attached to Dee from the very first day that we met and I couldn't fathom what it was that made me cling to her... 

* * * 

"You're in love with her." 

I nearly choked on my rum and fruit punch as I quickly looked up at K. 

It was just the two of us lounging in the living room at that moment because Dee had went to the bathroom or something. We were listening to a cd on the DVD player through the television since everything else had pretty much been packed up. 

"Pardon me?" I sputtered, sitting straight up from my cozy pillows on the floor where I sat in the living room that was nearly empty except for the entertainment center and wood & glass coffee table. I sat my drink on the glass of the coffee table. "Where did THAT come from?" I asked, avoiding K's penetrating look. 

"I can see it," she answered. "I see it in how you act with her. I see it in how you look at her. I could tell when I first met you." 

I sighed. "Am I that transparent?" I asked after a moment, embarrassed. I couldn't make myself meet here gaze. Now that it had actually been said aloud, I couldn't honestly deny it. I did in fact love Dee... A lot. 

"You tried to play it off and it was a nice try," K answered. "But you are not very good at covering your emotions up. And like Dee says, your eyes snitch on you." 

"I'm sorry," I said, though I had no idea of why I was apologizing. 

As if reading my mind, she asked, "Why?" 

I could only shrug my shoulders. "I dunno," I mumbled, yet to make eye contact with the woman who had the heart of the woman that I loved and still managed to become a friend to me as well. 

"What?" she then said. "Are you expecting me to act a bitch because I know how you feel about her?" 

Once again, I shrugged, unable to look her in the eyes. Maybe it was the alcohol, but I felt myself get a little emotional. 

I heard the rustling of her clothes, then realized that she had scooted closer to me from where she sat on the carpeted floor. Before I had time to react, she took a single finger and lifted my head, making me look at her. 

"It's okay," she then said. "I understand." 

SHE UNDERSTANDS?! 

Who is understanding about someone wanting their mate?! And the craziest thing was that I honestly felt the sincerity in those few words. Damn... Why couldn't she be a bitch? Why did she have to be so damn likable? Accepting the fact that she and Dee were going to be bound for life, I spoke softly, making one request. 

"Just take good care of her for me, please." 

She then winked and smiled at me. "You already know I will, Lovie." 

I nodded my head and gave her a small smile. I knew that K was going to take care of Dee and do right by her. It didn't change the way that I felt about Dee, but I found a little bit of comfort in knowing that she would be happy. 

I watched K rise from the floor and make her way towards the kitchen. 

I couldn't help but to admire her physique. She stood around 5'8" in her white wife-beater and navy blue basketball shorts, with skin the color of melted semi-sweet chocolate. Her body indicated that she was not lazy by any means, well toned... Arms so well-sculpted that they would make any fitness nut envious. Strong legs and a multitude of tattoos that always grabbed people's attention on sight. She has an easy smile that made you smile back whether you wanted to or not. A great personality above it all. And from some of the conversations that I've overheard between her and Dee, she had a freaky nature. Definite bonus. 

Though I hated to admit it, I could see how she caught Dee's attention. If it weren't for the fact that I had feelings for Dee, I probably wouldn't have minded getting at her, but that's just between you and me, okay.

Before you start assuming that we are just a house full of horny lesbians, let me assure you that its not like that... Not really anyway. They are the lesbians. I, on the other hand, am the undersexed but completely lovable bisexual. 

BISEXUAL?! Yes, I said it. I love weenie AND cooter. Some might consider me a greedy bitch, but I say that I believe in equal opportunity and that love sees not race, orientation, religion nor sex. With that being said (and since you want to be nosey), maybe I should share a bit about myself before I continue my personal tale. 

Well, what can I tell you about lil' ol' me? I'm Love, and yes that is the name on my birth certificate, but friends call me Lovie. I was born and raised in the mid-west, but moved to the 'dirty south' five or six years ago with my boyfriend, who is now my ex-hubby. 

And before you ask, NO, we didn't divorce because I like girls, YES, he knew it and YES, we still get along just fine, thank you! My ex-hubby's desire to see the world and my desire NOT to see it was the biggest part of the reason for our split up. 

He's a great father and was a pretty great husband, but we had our differences. As long as he continues to take care of our two little ones, we would forever be the best of friends. 

And now that you know that part of my business, here a little more about me. I'm a very laid back chick if I must say so myself. I'm like everyone's big sister. The nurturer, the listener, the advice giver (or at least, I try to be). 

Not too bad on the eyes from what I'm told. Standing at a whopping five feet two inches, yes, I am a "shortie". Redbone. Brown and blond box braids that flow nearly to my waist. Brown eyes that change, going darker or lighter depending on my mood, set beneath perfectly arched eyebrows; when I feel like a small change, I hide my brown eyes with gray contact lenses. Nice lips. Not too thick, but full enough and I have been told that they feel good wrapped around things... What? Kinda thick... Not as small as I would like to be, but I'm working on getting rid of my little pudge. I can smile and say that I've never had any complaints about my upper body. Most guys, and some of the ladies, are rather fond of my 40DD's. And with the right shirt, they were definite eye catchers. 

My ass is decent enough. Not huge, but I fill out a pair of jeans nicely. It jiggles just enough when smacked right (and yes, I like that shit). Pile all of this onto some thick, smooth, firm thighs and calves and, I think, you have a pretty nice package. 

But enough of that physical stuff. I'm sure that you are wanting to hear my tale, right? Fine, fine... I'll continue... 

Where was I? Oh yes... I remember now... K told me that my big secret really wasn't one...Moving right along... 

As I watched K make her way into the kitchen, I thought about her knowing how I felt about Dee. It blew my mind that she was okay with it. Any other chick would've found away to kill that whole issue quickly. But she was cool! 

Then another though occurred to me. If K could see how I felt so easily, could Dee? If I am so transparent, did Dee already know what I had been afraid to admit to anyone, even myself? With her being so deeply into K, maybe she didn't. What would I do? Do I tell her? Should I leave it alone? Though K knew, it still kinda weighed me down a bit that I hadn't told Dee. I had no intention of trying to affect their relationship, but I wasn't going to feel right unless I told Dee how I felt before she left. I decided at that moment to write her a letter. Yes, it was the punks way out, but I would have it off of my chest. 

"Hey what's wrong with you?" 

I looked up at the woman who had been the center of my thoughts. There stood Dee, looking ethereal in my eyes. I looked up into eyes that were the most unique color of burnt sienna. 

Ok, before I go on, I have to tell you a little about this woman that had my affections. 

She was a redbone, maybe a little lighter than me, which was always a debate between the two of us. She towered over me by nearly seven inches. Though her body was plush by some peoples considerations, I think that it is beautiful and I wouldn't change a thing. Full breasts with one nipple pierced (don't ask me how I know. That's none of your business). Thick thighs and calves, just lovely. A beautiful face. Those eyes...Nothing less than remarkable. Lips that were made for kissing. A pierced tongue that's made for... Well, I wont get into all of that right now. 

She was and still is beautiful. 

But I won't go into more detail right now. I will spare you before my thoughts get too lust filled. 

Back to the tale... again. 

I hadn't realized that I had been staring into space when she came into the room. 

"Nothing," I answered after a moment. "Just lost in thought." 

"I can tell," she said with the slow smile that I had grown to adore. She moved to the entertainment center and grabbed her bottle of Bud Light from the top of it. After taking a quick swig, she asked, "Care to share?" 

Before I could respond, K came back into the room. "She was just telling me how much she is going to miss you," she said, winking at me quickly. 

"Is that right?" Dee said, looking at me. 

"Yep," I answered quickly. I took a long swig of my rum and punch. 

"Awww," she said coming down to where I was sitting. "I'm going to miss you too." 

She gave me a quick hug and a kiss on my forehead. Oh, how many times had she kissed me on my forehead and I wished it were my lips? 

I just smiled at her and gave her another hug. 

"You know that we are going to come back and visit," she said to me. 

"And you are going to bring the girls to Cali to see us," K filled in. 

"I know," I said, nodding, showing bravado. "I'm just going to miss all of y'all." And I meant it. I was going to miss them all. Dee, K, Malik and Lil' Dee. They were all my family. 

But enough of this mushy stuff. I know that you are wanting to get to the meat of this tale, right? Of course you are... 

Well, after a few moments of being sentimental and a big group hug, we continued to do a little drinking while listening to music. A little drinking became a lot of drinking and before long, I passed out on the floor. 

When I came to, it must've been three or four in the morning. Though I was still buzzing, I decided that I would rather be laying in my bed at home than on a pile of pillows on Dee's living room floor. I was glad that they were thoughtful enough to cover me with a comforter, but I still wanted to be in my bed. Once I stood up, the room seemed to moved just a little bit even though my eyes had yet to adjust to the darkness. 

After standing still for a moment to regain my composure, I slowly began to move towards the hallway to let them know that I was going to go home. Had I been paying more attention to my surroundings, I probably would've known that this wasn't the best time to inform my friends of my plan to be on my merry little way.

I couldn't cover the gasp that escaped from my lips when I came to the partially opened bedroom door. For a moment, I stood glued to the floor, spellbound by the sight that was before me. 

On the floor amongst a mound of blankets and sheets, lay Dee, knees up, but legs parted, writhing and moaning in delectation. Nestled deeply into her center, causing her to make those sinful sounds of pleasure, was K, devouring her as if she were the last thing on Earth worthy of savoring. The sight of Dee's light skin and K's darker skin against one another was only made more erotic by the fact that their bodies were bathed in nothing but the glow that was cast upon them by a black light.

My breath became shorter and shorter until it felt that I wasn't breathing at all. I couldn't make myself turn away from the titillating scene in front of me. I knew that I was wrong for watching, but they now owned my eyes. My body had also become a victim of their actions. I felt myself growing warmer and it had nothing to do with the alcohol that had flowed through my system. I felt moisture began to pool at the doorway to my femininity. I bit my bottom lip in order to stifle any more noises that would try to escape from my throat as I spied on my best friend and her lover.

As I watched the motions of K's head between Dee's thighs, I could feel my clitoris begin to throb. My clit actually twitched when Dee arched her back in pleasure as her woman drank from the very essence of her being. 

For a brief moment, I was envious of the pleasure that they were sharing with one another, but the envy was replaced by a somatic desire to join them in their love-driven festivities. But I knew that I couldn't, but hell, I figured that if I couldn't then I could at least watch for one more minute before leaving to go home and play with myself.

And yes, I admit that I had every intention of taking care of myself. There was NO WAY that I was going to be able to see something like this and not need to get and "O" of my own! Come on now!

"K, I'm about to cum."

My heart rate increased as I watched my best friend, the object of my admiration, nearly come off of the floor as K sent her over the edge in orgasmic euphoria, never moving her face and lips from where they tormented her in such a sweet way. I was pasted to where I stood, unable to remove my eyes from the sight of Dee convulsing and almost begging for K to be merciful, yet enjoying every moment of the lovely torture. Eventually, K began to ease up on her before kissing her on her thighs and laying her head on her abdomen. 

In my present state of arousal, I hadn't noticed that Dee had slowly begun to come down from her high and as she did, she and K both looked directly at me. "Enjoy the show?" she asked me in the semi-darkness.

"Oh my goodness," was all that I could say as I was ripped out of my trance by realizing that they knew that I was watching. "I am soooo sorry," I said as I stumbled into the hall bathroom and closed the door behind me. I locked the door and sat in the dark bathroom for a few minutes, mortified at the fact that I was so busted and that there was no way that I could even play it off. To make matters even worse, I was still aroused by it all. I sat in silence, listening to their mumbled voices, either talking about my actions in anger or laughing at me. I didn't know which occurrence would be worse at this point and it really didn't matter. All I could focus on at this moment was my acute embarrassment.

I turned on the cold water in the sink and splashed myself in the face a few times. I needed to calm down I told myself. But it was hard to do knowing that they were just on the other side of the door. Still nervous, I grabbed a bottle of Mouthwash and poured some into my mouth to gargle. I had hoped that it would at least get rid of the cotton mouth that I had gotten after realizing that I was a horrible Peeping Tom.

Gargle. Spit. Rinse with water. Gargle. Spit, rinse again. Gargle, Spit- This was getting ridiculous! Did I think that I could gargle my damn embarrassment away?

A soft knock at the door, pulled me from my thoughts.

"Are you okay in there?" Came Dee's voice from the other side of the door.

"I'm fine," I yelled back. "I'll be out in a minute." As I dried off my hands, I could hear their muffled voices. Then there was silence. That made me more nervous. I gathered what I could of my composure and walked to the door. After taking a deep breath to calm myself, I opened the door.

There they both stood in the semi-darkness of the hallway, as if waiting for me. Dee had tossed on an Oxford shirt, but hadn't taken the time to button it up. K stood before me in a wife beater and a pair of shorts. I could only look at the handsome pair, confused. What happened next was definitely not what I had expected.

Dee wordlessly reached her hand out to me. Unsure of how to react, I looked over at K. "It's okay," she said in a calm and collected tone. "Go ahead."

Hesitantly, I reached out and took Dee's hand. She then led me into the bedroom where she and K had just been making love. I stood, spellbound as I looked into Dee's eyes. My whole body heated as she looked back into mine. I was entranced as her fingers undid the buttons of my button-up blouse. Goose bump quickly took over my skin as she gently pushed my blouse from my shoulders. I heard it hit the floor with the lightest 'woosh'. 

As if in slow motion, she moved closer to me. She gently caressed my face before drawing me closer to place her soft lips upon my own. I thought that I was going to die from the contact. How long had I craved this? I reached for her shoulders to keep my legs from coming from under me as she slid her tongue into my mouth. I readily accepted it. I tried to calm myself and not get carried away, but I couldn't believe that she was kissing me...

Was I still drunk and just dreaming? It felt surreal to be this close to Dee in this way. I felt my bra come undone from behind as a completely different set of hands slid the straps from my shoulders. My nipples hardened at the sudden air and freedom given to them. I then felt a feather light kiss on my shoulder blade. I trembled at the unexpected contact. Was I trippin' or was K touching me too? A kiss and a tongue on my neck confirmed that our twosome had quickly become a menage' event.

Was I the object of their affection? Or was I just a toy for them to enjoy at their discretion? Honestly, did I care?

As I felt K's hands wrap around me from behind to gently squeeze my full breasts, I realized that I didn't care at all. This woman knew how I felt about her mate, yet for a night she was willing to share her with me. And to make matters even better, she was joining in for the festivities. Hell fuckin' no. I didn't care. When I went home, I would belong to no one, but tonight I would belong to and be adored by two. I felt dizzy at the thought of it.
