 Author's Note - Thanks for all the high ratings and positive feedback so far, please leave comments if you enjoyed. Lot of romance at the start, sorry this series really is a slow burner, but also a lot more sex in the second half of this one so feel free to skip to that. If youre offended by incest or fetishes such as pee, feet and pregnancy, probably best not to read on. Enjoy! 

*****

Ch.05 - 'Where else but Lesbos? 

December, 2, 2015

It was early December and the sun did not rise until gone eight. In her drunken haze the night before, Karen hadn't bothered shutting her curtains before she flopped into bed. Now as morning broke, the first streams of sunlight danced in and over her face.

She was dreaming something sweet by the whimpers she was making but as the light played out in front of her, her consciousness slowly yanked her from the blackness and forced her eyes open. She moaned groggily under her breath, squinting and shutting her eyes. She rolled back into the pillow, avoiding the light, not wanting to wake up. It was too late though. The hangover had hit. 

Her head felt as if someone had poured a martini in it and had shaken AND stirred it. There was a gentle pounding that throbbed in her brain, increasing every time a thought popped into her head. And her mouth! So dry. She rolled over, squinting at the bedside table, reaching out for a cool glass of water. After a few sips, she sighed. 

The water felt nice and refreshing in her mouth which still housed a faint aftertaste of vodka. No amount of water would make that go away. Who brought her that water, she hadn't remembered getting it? Had she made it for herself in the night, for she knew that she was prone to sleepwalking sometimes if she felt she desperately needed something like a book before a test of a snack if she was on some stupid diet.

Then she remembered her Mom had brought it to her door the night before. Just as she had been... oh, now she remembered. Oops! She had literally just been cumming with three fingers inside herself when her mom had knocked to deliver it. The act was generous but could she have picked a worse time? When she'd answered the door, Karen had known she knew what she was doing just by the smirk on her face. As she set the water down on her bedside table, she wondered if there would be any sly remarks at the breakfast table this morning. 

It was so so tempting to stay in bed all morning. It was a Saturday and she had nothing to do. Not now she and Ryan had broken up. She lay there among her sweaty sheets, contemplating it but the pounding in her head was too much. She needed some aspirin. It was no good. She kicked the covers off onto the floor and slid out of bed. She was naked as ever, she could never wear clothes to bed, not even in winter as she got too hot. 

Looking round for a towel in the clutter of her room, she was a sight to behold. She was slightly taller than the average eighteen year old girl with brown hair that fell down in straight locks stopping just before her nipples. Her breasts weren't big but neither were they small. They didn't pop out in low cut tops but they were only just about small enough so that you could fit your hand around the whole thing, which she loved to do while she was having some 'me-time'. 

Her body was toned and athletic for the most part, with maybe a bit too much flesh on her waist for her liking. Her ass though was cute but toned and firm. Like both her mothers, she had been raised to love sport. Her feet were dainty and clad in pink nail polish. Her legs were long given her height, the same bronze tan skin colour as the rest of her, again skinny but firm, well layered legs which led up a beautiful path to her young vagina, which was mainly hairless but for a small brown tuft just above her mound. 

She grabbed a towel and headed to her shower in an adjacent en suite when suddenly another unexpected throbbing came out of nowhere. It sent her reeling and she muttered three words under her breath. She often spoke to herself, finding it to be more intelligent company than most girls her age.

'Need. Aspirin. Now.' 

She wrapped the white towel around her bosom, covering her softer, more delicate zones and opened her bedroom door. The smell of toast drifted around the family's small home but the thought of eating just made Karen nauseous when she was this hungover. Just as she was about to go downstairs, her phone buzzed. 

She drifted back over to her bed to look at the text then felt a sudden jolt of pain run through her foot. Looking down, there was a blob of red on her carpet and she realised she'd trod on some glass. The night before in her inebriated fury, she had smashed a picture of her and her cheating boyfriend, wait ex-boyfriend, on the floor. Now that folly had come back to haunt her.

It was only a small shard lodged in her big toe but it hurt like hell. Grimacing, she reached over and picked up her phone from the bed, opening her mailbox. The message made her even more angry with the pain in her foot.

<< Baby, I'm so sorry. Please meet me today. We need to talk. Your Ryan xxx >>

Eurgh! She locked the phone with an angry click and threw the phone back down on the bed. The pounding in her head wasn't going to go away any time soon and now her foot was killing. Where were the painkillers? Moms would know. She trudged out onto the hallway, limping slightly so as not to put pressure on her big toe, still just clad in a towel wrapped around her breasts and waists. She took the stairs one at a time, then wheeled off into the kitchen.

Mom Amy was sitting at the breakfast table, slowly eating some toast while intently reading an article in the New York Times. She was wearing a purple Christmas jumper with a reindeer prancing over the front, with her hair tied up in a loose, messy pony tail at the back. 

Karen had inherited her hazelnut hair but somehow hers was tidier than her Mom's ever was. When she saw Karen hobble in, she put down her paper and smiled at her warmly, although there was something a little odd in that smile. When she spoke, it was still in her English accent although living abroad all these years, she had picked up a slight twang.

'Hey darling, come and have a seat. Are you OK, you look like you're limping?'

'I bet she's hungover as fuck!' 

Her other mother turned from where she had been frying what looked like eggs, and smirked at her. Her eyes seemed to travel up and down her towel to her luscious legs, taking it all in, the same way she had snickered at Karen when she had caught her in nothing but a flimsy towel last night. Little known to Karen, both Taylor and Amy had seen a lot lot more that night. Karen didn't notice the way her mom was ogling her legs though and just hopped on one, clearly in pain. Concern played over Amy's face.

'What's wrong, darling?'

'Everything. My head's killing me. Yes, you win... I am fucking hungover...'

'Language!' Taylor reprimanded.

'What? You swore? Yes, but I'm your mom so its fine, you're a child...'

'I'm eighteen!' She cut herself off there, not letting her mom playfully annoy her like she tended to do as punishment whenever she drank too much the night before. 'And then, I stepped in some glass and now my toe is bleeding.'

'Oh baby, I'm sorry, come sit down here then,' Taylor said, changing tone instantly and pulling up a chair at the kitchen table. Karen eased herself down on it and stuck her leg out rigidly, pointing the bleeding toe up into the air. Taylor busied around trying to find a first aid box. 

Karen noticed that while cooking she had spilt some fat or oil on her white tank top and a stain was showing. Just under forty and still clad in tight denim jeans, she still looked great for her age. From somewhere she had produced a band-aid and some anti septic cream from a first aid box. 

Taylor walked over to her daughter and got down on her knees, holding Karen's leg in one hand and squinting down at the glass, trying to see where the majority of the glass was. As her finger brushed the stub of the toe, Karen winced. Amy peered round from her seat at her daughter's exclamation, concerned. Taylor didn't flinch though and soon she had located the main piece.

'Just hold still darling.' 

Gripping Karen's left leg, she ever so slightly moved it further to the left, just parting her legs slightly, to get a better look in the light, she claimed. Just as her thighs slid apart to let her mom tend to her wound, Karen suddenly realised her towel was open by her mom's eyeline and she wasn't wearing any underwear. But what could she do? Hoping her mum wouldn't notice her shaved lips staring back at her, she looked over at her Mom Amy and smiled awkwardly.

'You want some aspirin, for your headache?'

Karen pouted like a sad puppy and nodded and Amy rushed to her feet, trying to find something to alleviate her pain. Taylor managed to pull the glass out and see to the cut with a band-aid. When she was all patched up, she got to her feet gingerly, still with one hand pressing her towel to her chest to keep her decent, and the other patting down the bottom half of her towel making sure it was flat. She didn't want to flash her parents before she'd even had breakfast.

Oblivious to Karen, her parents were making sly glances at each other across the room as they saw their daughter fret about her state of dress. She hadn't been so careful last night, in what had seemed like a blissful uninhibited dream sleep. 

She had come out walking towards their room like a zombie, picked up a pair of Amy's dirty knickers that had been discarded in the heat of the moment and then she had proceeded to bring herself to orgasm, sniffing and licking them right there in the hallway. And still fast asleep. The commotion had woken Amy and Taylor, and they couldn't help but masturbate along with her. All the family had a beautiful orgasm that night, Karen at the behest of her fingers, and her moms simultaneously in a loving 69.

Just the memory of it was making Amy blush with guilt and arousal, seeing Karen prance around in a towel, knowing she could mentally picture everything. Karen excused herself, saying she would come down for breakfast after her shower and she traipsed off. Taylor pulled up the chair next to Amy and took her hand in hers. 

'You gave birth to such a beautiful daughter, Amy. That little cunt I just got another glimpse of, it's perfect.' 

Amy giggled a little nervously but squeezed her hand with approval.

'Shhh, she'll hear you!'

'Oh no, she won't. She's in the shower. I could eat you right here and now and she wouldn't notice.'

'Wanna?' Amy said playfully, spreading her legs under the table and playing with Taylor's foot and bringing it up to her hot thighs. Taylor delicately extended her toe and brushed Amy's skirt up, stroking her panties for just a second, then drawing back.

'Oh! Spoilsport!'

'Haha, don't tempt me, you tease. I gotta get Karen's breakfast ready.' She went back to tending her eggs. 'You want a coffee, babe?'

'Love one, thank you. So did you text Sarah?' 

'Yep. She said she'd swing by this afternoon, she wanted to see us anyway.'

'Did you tell her what it was about? Did she guess anything?'

'Not exactly. I just said we were thinking of letting Karen come along, but obviously we wouldn't be there and maybe she could do with a friendly face...'

Right then, Karen flounced into the room after her shower. Her hair wasn't totally dry and still clung to her neck in wisps and strands. Her body was still wet and her navy blue tight dress with cute white polkadots clung to her for.

'That was a quick shower.'

'Well, I'm starving all of a sudden. Where's my eggs!?!' She banged the table with her knife and fork humorously and Taylor rolled her eyes.

'Coming right up, you little madam...'

When breakfast and coffee served, the three of them all took a seat and tucked in. Amy folded away her paper and pushed it to the side. Taking a sip from her coffee, she caught her daughter's gaze and asked sympathetically. 

'So how you feeling after last night?'

'About Ryan?' Amy nodded and Taylor looked over deeply as well. Karen continued.

'I dunno. Pretty bummed. I always thought I'd do the dumping. I didn't think he'd cheat on me. I'm hot!' 

Taylor and Amy smirked at that. They knew only too well how hot she was. 

'That's men for you, honey. You can't trust them to be faithful.' Karen giggled.

'And I always tell my friends being raised by two women, I had nothing against men and neither did they.'

'We don't! But look at it empirically, this happens a lot. You wouldn't get this with a woman?'

She looked over to her wife dreamily, rubbing it into Karen.

'Well it's all very well and good saying how great women are, but I like men.'

The audacity of Mom Taylor's next question and the speed that it was put to her threw Karen back.

'Well; have you ever tried girls? Even thought about it?' All she could do was make exclamatory protests.

'Mom!' 

But as she glared at Mom Taylor, she remembered the image that had popped into her head at the point of climax last night. Bent over a bath, tits swinging back and forth as her mom had ploughed into her with a huge strap on. She had to admit, even though every time she pretended it hadn't, there were times when she was alone and feeling herself that the thought of a woman's tender touch sent her over the edge.

'What? It's like when you were a kid and you wouldn't eat your broccoli, honey. If you don't try it, how can you tell you don't like it?'

Karen couldn't help but laugh at that analogy. Amy wasn't getting involved but she smiled all the same. Then a thought of clarity came to her. Why was so against this? She came from two parents in a loving lesbian relationship. 

She was absolutely in no way homophobic and had been supportive of her parent's struggles with a passion. But the part of her which might be attracted to other women, why did she shut that down so much? Like it or loathe it, it wasn't definitely there. Taylor sensed her hesitation.

'Well look, your Aunt Sarah is going to be in town today, and she might be coming to the bar tonight. We're going to be busy but if you wanted to stop by, we'd be happy to let Taylor take you. If you wanted to come see our world...'

Karen could tell even Mom Taylor was nervous about asking the question. Even though she had never been allowed to go near it, she knew Mom Taylor owned a bar for lesbian and bisexual women across town, and with some internet research she knew it had quite a reputation on the gay scene. Simply named 'Tay's', its basement parties were infamous. Karen had always been curious but her parents had never let her. But now she was eighteen and talking openly about her sexuality at the kitchen table. What could be the harm?

'You sure? You've always been against me knowing anything about it.'

'That was when you were a lot younger, sweetie. And less mature. It's a very private place for special women who go there for peace and quiet from men more than anything. And right now it seems like you could use that. And besides, we want to show you what being gay means for us.'

She didn't expect such a heartfelt answer from Mom Taylor but she nodded understandably all the same. Amy chipped in.

'And besides, with Sarah, you'll have a safe pair of hands. To be honest some of the women in there are as bad as guys with their hands but we wanted someone like Sarah to take you with her so you don't get the wrong impression. It would really mean a lot to us if you came tonight.'

Again, that thought threw Karen. She didn't realise how much of a big deal this could be for her moms. It was nice to know how much they thought of her opinion, in the end it was a no brainer. She smiled and replied politely.

'Sure, I'd love to come.' 

'Great!'

Continuing with her breakfast, Karen slid the paper along to have a look at the day's headlines. The main story that day read 'MICHIGAN PASSES GAY MARRIAGE BILL'. 

That brought a huge smile to her face and she looked up to see if it had registered with her moms.

'Have you seen this? You guys could get married in Michigan!'

'We are married, honey.'

'I know! But you could get divorced then married again... in Michigan! Isn't that great?!'

Amy and Taylor smiled contently. They had both read the news and it brought warmth to their hearts. It felt so good to live in a country where their love was allowed to be expressed freely. The whole world still had a long way to go, but every day something in the paper signalled that something, somewhere was changing. Back in 1996, they had no way of declaring their love for all the world to see. They had to make do with their own ramshackle ceremony...

***

October, 16, 1996

A red squirrel perched on the branch above her head and Amy looked at it with wonder. Squirrels for some bizarre reason had been her favourite animal as a child, and to see one this up close, well the little guy was audacious to say the least. She kept staring at it, mesmerised by it. Maybe if she kept staring at the squirrel, it would take her mind off what she was about to do. Then her father shook her arm and brought her crashing from her daydream. She smiled politely and turned round to look at him.

He looked so handsome today in a charcoal grey suit with a yellow cummerbund. He looked the part for a wedding. Amy on the other hand didn't feel like she looked as good as she could, as good as she should for Taylor. In a yellow silk strapless dress which started just as her breasts begin to flesh out, and ended just below her knees, she felt simple and elegant but not beautiful. The swell of her belly, from her fifth month of pregnancy was only accentuating these fears. Her dad seemed to sense her insecurity.

'You look amazing, honey. I've always thought of you as my baby, still the babe in my arms from the day you were born , but now... you look like a woman. And you're about to come a wife. Oh Amy, I'm so proud of you.'

No words came to Amy in that moment, just emotion overcame her. She blushed and her dad continued. Her dad out of nowhere, as if he were a magician, pulled out a small bunch of flowers.

'Dad, I said we weren't doing flowers.'

'I know, I know, but I saw a bunch over there and couldn't resist it. It's tradition.' He held up the blue bugle flowers arranged in a messy impromptu bouquet and said. 'I thought maybe they could be your something blue...'

Standing in the middle of this woodland clearing, well away from the main party, Amy forgot the crisp dress she was wearing and pulled her father into a fierce embrace. He rocked on his face then hugged her back awkwardly. The flowers pressed between them, suffocating the life out of them nearly. When Amy pulled back, she took them off him, apologising but he fluffed them up a bit and handed them back to her. 

'Knock 'em out, darling.'

Tears were inches away from swimming to her eyes but she fought them back and smiled defiantly. She looked up to see if the squirrel was still around to wish her any last luck, but it had scurried off into the rest of the forest somewhere. Getting married in the woods was Taylor's idea. The government and the church wouldn't let them join together as one in a loving union. 

They were sinners, even though they shared a beautiful love, a love that was in the authority's eyes - 'unnatural'. As a half joke at first, Taylor suggested they have some kind of private ceremony in the most natural place of all, the great outdoors.

But then it dawned on them. The legal stuff, all that bullshit, that didn't matter. They wanted a day with their family and friends where they could just say how they felt and make a vow for life. If the government didn't recognise that, it didn't matter. Only their loved ones mattered. 
