 As I walked across the bar I saw her glistening body. I thought to my self how I would enjoy running my tongue over every sweet curve. She had a great body, tall and toned. As I approached I could see the outline of her nipples through her tight red dress. It cut so low that if she moved just right I could anticipate her breast popping right out.

I fought to keep my composure. "Was she looking for a woman? Had she ever been with one? Did she want to try?" the questions kept running through my head.

I was new to this and scared to death. I had been with several women but had never been the one to approach. I continued to fight the urge to run. I wanted her so badly

As I reached the bar I could smell her perfume. It was so delicate. I noticed the sweat shimmering on her full breast. It could hear her sweet soft voice.

My nerve was gone. So I ordered a drink and sat at the bar next to her. Just enjoying the fact that I had made it to this point. 

The beer had caught up with me. So I headed to the restrooms.

While washing my hands she walked in. I just stared. 

She approached and began to kiss my neck as she whispered, "I noticed you watching me." She slow made her way to my ear and began nibbling gently.

As she moved me to the stall she was untying my dress. She slid her hand down the length of my body slowly finding her way to the delicate crevice. She slid off her dress and moved my hands to her gorgeous breast. She started sliding her tongue down my body to my own full tits. As she suckled them oh so delicately I let out a soft moan. She continued kissing my body. On and on she moved lower. Till she was spreading my legs to expose my throbbing pussy.

She slid her tongue up and down my slit and flicking her tongue on my clit. She guided one of her long thin fingers in so deep that she hit my spot at once. I almost came and had to fight it so that I could enjoy more.

She seemed to know exactly what I wanted and when. After a few moments she began to finger fuck me harder and harder. Then with her other hand she carefully inserted a finger in to my tight ass as she continued liking and sucking my clit. I could feel my self getting ready to explode and could not hold back no more I let out a scream of passion and let my self cum all over her face.

Then as quick as she appeared she was gone. I cleaned my self up in the sink and went back to the bar. But could not find her any where around. When I picked up my beer I noticed a note on the napkin with nothing more than an address.

I have been told many times that curiosity kilt the cat and all I could think is at least he had nine. 

I found the house with no problems. As I pulled in I noticed cars and people everywhere. Well I was here I might as well get out and have some fun.

Not longer after I had arrived I noticed her stand by the pool and walked towards her. Then she went toward a little building and left the door open. I knocked and it slid open. There she was lying across the bed with nothing on but her heels and a smile. 

I started kissing and licking her from the ankle up as she slowly spread further and further. I slid my tongue the full length of the slit. Finding my way to her red-hot clit. Suckled it for a minute then continued upward to her fully aroused nipples. Twirling each in my mouth she moaned.

Then I slowly moved back down her body till I was back at the delicious fruit of her slit. As I toyed with her clit and slit I slid my finger in and began fucking her. She moaned louder and louder as I picked up speed. As she squeezed me with those long legs the sweet flavor of her cum covered me and I greedily chased each drop till I had lapped up every last succulent drop. I kissed my way back up her body to her lips. After kissing her I finally asked, " What is you name?"

She gave no reply just a kiss. Then she finally said "Savannah and any time you want just stop by and see me here."

I have returned many times and never regret the way we met.