 The date seemed doomed to failure from the get-go. Not only was it a blind date, already diminishing the chances of the dates success, but it was a blind date at a noisy restaurant; noisy restaurants are not conducive to good conversation, which is key to a successful blind date. That being said, Alice had to fight a mental battle on whether or not she was even going to show up. In the end, she decided to go, out of politeness more than anything else -- she'd been shown up before and remembered how it made her feel; she didn't want to be the cause of that feeling in someone else. Besides, she thought, who knows -- I might actually get lucky and meet a girl I can get along with, maybe even someone I'd want to see again.

Having finally made the decision to go, Alice found that she'd begun to actually look forward to the date, enjoying the nervous tension that gradually built up inside of her as the day dragged on. It got to the point at which she was actually watching the clock, waiting for five o'clock, counting down the minutes until she would be free; when that time came she hardly took the time to clock out before leaving the store for the weekend. 

On the car ride home she began to fantasize about how the date would go. They'd meet and the girl would be as beautiful as she describes herself, she would be smart, funny, and they'd hit it off right away. After a few drinks, a good meal, and some amazing conversation, she'd inquire about going for a nightcap, perhaps at her place. The girl would come back and they'd make love. In the living room, on her spacious couch. Then in her bedroom, on the bed, on the floor. They'd finish up in the shower, washing each other intently, lovingly, before the retiring to bed, where they would sleep together, in each other's arms. 

A semi-truck sounding its horn brought her back to reality and she managed to make her exit without causing an accident.

*** 

Later on that evening Alice pulled into the parking lot of Club Mod. It was a little early for the Friday night crowd, so she was lucky enough to find a spot close by. Fetching her purse before locking the door, she felt that nervous apprehension return to her with a vengeance. Each step that brought her closer to the front doors -- and the beautiful hostesses standing just within the threshold -- sent a flitter of anxiety down her spine. I'm going to do this, she repeats to herself over and over again inside her head. I'm going to do this and I'm going to enjoy this. I've nothing to be embarrassed about, nothing. 

Approaching the double glass doors she is forced to confront her reflection and allows herself a moment of shameless pride; damn, I look good. Dirty-blonde hair down to her shoulders -- tastefully concealing them, for she always felt that her shoulders were too big for her body -- and styled loosely about her face; dark brown eyes, looking moist and alive; petite, and well-proportioned. She'd chosen a pair of dark jeans and a dark blouse for this date, casual and classy. 

Inside the doors she was hit by the bass line of the music, thump thump thump, coming through the thin walls separating the dance floor from the restaurant/lobby. One of the hostesses, a tall leggy blonde, approached her. 

"Hi, welcome to Club Mod. Are you here for the restaurant or the club?" She asked her voice too light and musical for such a loud environment. 

"I'm here for the restaurant. I'm meeting someone, could you tell me if she's arrived?" Alice replied, surprised at her own confidence. 

"The name?" 

"I believe the reservation is for Vanessa, at eight-thirty." 

"Ah, yup, she's here. Stella will show you to your table," the hostess said, indicating a petite, raven-haired woman standing to her left -crossing something off of a list. 

"Hi, would you care to follow me please?" Stella said and led them down a short hallway and into a separate dining room. Inside it was quite full, but Alice had no trouble in identifying her date amongst the various people within. She was gorgeous, almost unbearably so. 

She recognized Alice as well, standing up, smiling, and waving to the approaching pair. Alice felt her heart leap into her throat and felt very self-conscious. Vanessa was tall, slender, curvaceous, and had dressed perfectly to accent her figure. Her blonde hair was loose and looked silky, complimenting her virginal white mini dress; in fact, everything about her had an innocent beauty to it -- from her creamy pale skin to her clear blue eyes. 

"Hi, Alice? I'm Vanessa," she said, and we both sat down. 

"Nice to meet you." 

"Likewise!" 

She was bubbly and lively and interesting. Alice felt herself captivated by the strange woman sitting across from her, easily succumbing to her charms. 

"So, Alice, tell me about yourself." 

And Alice did. She was twenty-one years old, originally from Quebec city, lived with her parents and worked for a large book chain. She had been married once, for a year, and her marriage had ended in an easy -- she used the word objectively -- divorce. Afterwards, she'd had a string of bad boyfriends and after an 'experience' she had with another woman, she came to the conclusion that she was gay. 

Vanessa listened attentively to all of this, genuinely interested, sipping her drink appreciatively and commenting when necessary. 

"Wow! You've lead quite an interesting life," and then realizing her mistake, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to belittle, or suggest that I find it amusing that you, or, um, never mind..." she trailed off.

Vanessa reddened in embarrassment.

Alice felt her heart melt. 

"That's okay! That's okay, I know what you meant," she said and smiled. Vanessa smiled back. 

"What about you? Tell me about yourself?" 

"Oh boy, where to begin. I'm twenty-three, live by myself and work as a waitress most nights and weekends. I've been gay for as long as I can remember, but I've only had a few relationships and they never lasted very long." 

Alice thought it strange that they both began this date by relating how unsuccessful they both were at maintaining relationships -- albeit for very different reasons, but still; it either boded very well or very poorly for the two of them.

Vanessa wasn't nearly as focussed on talking about herself as she'd been listening to Alice and quickly changed the subject of the conversation. 

"Have you been here before?" 

"No, have you?" 

"Nope. But I've got a friend who works here and she suggested that we come here. I hope you don't mind." 

"Not at all, I love it here!" 

"Me too." 

Vanessa's confidence and outgoing nature seemed to dissipate the longer they talked, and she became quiet and withdrawn, reduced to sipping her wine and nodding at everything Alice said to her. 

Alice worried that she'd said something out of turn. 

"Are you alright, Vanessa, did I say something inappropriate?" 

"No, no, no!" She said quickly. "I just...can't help but feel I screwed up somehow." She shook her head, as if to clear it. "I'm sorry. Sometimes this happens to me on dates -- I get, well I can only describe them as panic attacks. They come and then they go. It's gone now, I'm sorry." 

"Oh, are you okay now? Do you want to leave, maybe?" Alice asked, concern painted on her pretty features.

"No! Um, I mean, I'll be okay. We should stay." 

"What about skipping dinner and going out for coffee instead?" Alice suggested. 

"That's a great idea!" Vanessa said, laying out money for her share. Alice did likewise and they left together. 

Waking out into the parking lot Alice surprised Van, and herself, by turning abruptly and planting her lips onto Vanessa's and kissing her passionately. Vanessa returned the kiss and then after a while broke it off. 

"Not here, love." 

"Where?" Alice breathed. 

"My place?"

"Lead the way." 

They got into Vanessa's car and drove the short jog to her apartment.

***

Alice was barely in the door when Vanessa slammed it shut behind her, and there in the immediate darkness, pressed her body up against Alice. They kissed again, tongues parting lips to explore foreign mouths. Each girl felt her heart rate quicken as her instinct and experience took over; Vanessa gently guided Alice towards her bedroom, continually kissing and caressing the entire way down the hall.

They're in the bedroom, undressing quickly beside the bed. Alice is admiring Vanessa's ghostly pale skin, sharply contrasting with the darkness of her underwear. Vanessa, in turn, enjoys the muscled contours of Alice's toned legs -- exploring their length with her hands, stopping just short of Alice's bare thighs. 

Vanessa is crouched in front of Alice and is looking up at her, smiling. 

"Lie down on the bed," she says. 

Alice first sits on the edge and then slides back so that only her ankles are hanging over the one edge, with her hair falling off the other. Vanessa slowly rises between her spread legs, a fiendish smile on her face. 

"What are you going to do?" asks a breathy Alice. 

"Wait and see." 

And then she's gone, out of Alice's view. She can feel Vanessa's presence there, down between her legs, and not being able to see her, or what she's going to do, makes it all the more exciting. 

Then there is a kiss. A tantalizing kiss on her inner thigh, quickly followed by another, and another, and another; Alice's left inner thigh is sticky and glistening with Vanessa's saliva, and her body is responding to the stimulus. There is a wetness growing between her legs, a sensitivity that demands satisfaction. 

Her breasts are growing sensitive, her nipples erect. 

Vanessa continues. 

"You're so beautiful, schätzchen." 

"Mmm, what does that mean?" 

"Treasure." 

"I like it." 

Vanessa climbs onto the bed, placing her knees on either side of Alice's torso, bending over to plant a kiss on her lips. Alice responds, her hands wrapping around Vanessa's shoulders, pulling her in so that their breasts touch.

Vanessa breaks away, trailing kisses from Alice's lips down her face to the side of her neck, then to her shoulders, and finally to the tops of her breasts; she runs her tongue in the cleft between her breasts before focusing in on her right nipple. She can taste Alice's sweat, her arousal, and it works wonders on her own body -- stoking the fires of passion, bringing them to new heights. 

Taking the erect nipple into her mouth she moves her tongue over the sensitive, delicate flesh. Alice shivers in delight, urging Vanessa on with her bodily movements. 

Vanessa gently cups her breasts in the palms of her hands, massaging them gently while continually suckling her nipple; she's taking her time, she knows how to make a woman beg, make her desperate for release.

Alice moans and Vanessa pulls away, leaving her nipple glistening with her saliva. 

"Ohhh, Vann," she says. "Please!" 

"Whatever you wish, treasure." 

She continues to run her tongue down Alice's body, from her nipple down the curvature of her breasts, down to her bellybutton, which she circles, before moving in on her navel. She kisses this private flesh, teasing it with her tongue as her hands play with Alice's thighs, pinching, rubbing, caressing them.

Alice spreads her legs wider, allowing her greater access. 

Vanessa's kisses continue, her lips gently teasing the Mons, circling the most sensitive bud of her body. She was skilful with her tongue, running it over the outer lips of her sex, while using her hands to simultaneously massage her legs. 

Alice could barely stand this and felt her self-control beginning to dissolve. 

"Please, please," she said. 

"Please what?" Said Vanessa's voice from between her legs. 

"No more!" 

Vanessa decided that Alice had had enough and finally set about giving her what she really wanted.

Her tongue ran over her clit and Alice cried out in delight, her whole body shuddering in release. Her tongue moved about the excited nerve ending, languidly, as if oblivious to the effects its movements were having on the other woman. Vanessa began to taste the arousal of the other woman as her mouth became flooded with her sexual juices. 

She inserted a finger into the cleft of Alice's sex, feeling the tight wetness of her body; she gently explored while her tongue worked its way through the alphabet. Then, after she judged Alice's body was ready, she inserted a second finger. 

Moving them about within, she sought out the other woman's 'special place.' Curling her fingers she found the spongy area and began to caress it. The reaction she got was immediate. Alice's body tensed up and she screamed loudly as she began to come.

Vanessa intensified her efforts, moving her tongue, faster, harder -- inserting a third finger to continue fucking the bucking woman. 

Alice shuddered and Vanessa's face was flooded by an explosion of the woman's come. 

"Oh my god! Oh my god, oh my god!" She screamed, "I'm coming again!" 

And sure enough, she tensed up, moaned and came again -- an orgasm to rival the first, culminating in a squirt of Alice's sexual juices, which flood the comforter, Vanessa's face, and some patches on the carpet. Vanessa collapses against the slick flesh of Alice's legs, breathing heavily. 

Alice is still trembling in the aftermath of two monstrous orgasms, breathing heavily. They stayed this way for quite some time, until Alice stirred, rose, and looked down at Vanessa. 

"I have to pee," she said. "But don't go anywhere, 'cause when I come back, it's your turn." 

Alice left, Vanessa climbed up onto the bed and smiled. 

It seems as though her relationship troubles were over. 

Not so much a concern after all. 

The toilet flushed in the other room and Alice came back into the room. 

"Ready?" she asked. 

"And waiting." 

Alice smiled and turned off the light.