 Fiona has developed a minor crush on Harriet after ending a long term relationship with Robert, but she still finds the idea of being with a woman a little strange despite her curiosity. However when a police investigation is launched into one of her colleagues at school Fiona is drawn deeper into her world.

Author's note: In Australia the DPP is the Department for Public Prosecutions, it's the Australian version of the District Attorney's office.

That following week saw a few minor changes. I started learning a new program although it was a slow process because Harriet was also learning it and because she was teaching me how to use it we were effectively learning it together. This made for a few laughs and quite a few frustrated groans as we had to delete files and start over although Harriet seemed to pick it up faster than me.

Another small change was getting to know Pritti even though I only met her once that week when she came over with some leftover food for Harriet. I just happened to be there when she popped in and seeing what we were trying to accomplish intrigued her. Her upbringing had been a mix of liberal values fighting against traditional values. For her, the mere fact she could just drop in and learn without having to ask permission from a man was a blessing. I did notice though that whilst Harriet gave off certain tells in her presence she wasn't about to take it further.

"Let's just say that sometimes it's best you don't get what you wish for. Pritti is sweet and loyal but I think I'd be hard pressed to maintain a relationship because of her background."

That was a relief to me and that brings me to my next change, which wasn't so small in hindsight. I was slowly reorienting myself to orbit around Harriet to the point that when a male colleague did ask me out on the Thursday I managed to put it forward a couple of weeks, citing tiredness and the need to focus on work. When I told Harriet about it that night she merely smiled and shrugged.

"So, you're free for Saturday night."

"Ha ha," I replied.

That was on Thursday night and whilst I'd been agreeable to a get together on Saturday night it didn't come off because Harriet had double booked herself and ended up keeping a prior date with an old friend who'd moved to Australia years ago and was down in Melbourne for a festival. That was actually a relief despite my unease about Harriet catching up with an old friend because I was sitting in my sister's backyard when she called to cancel.

"But tomorrow afternoon I'm having a barbecue and you're invited. Gail and Cassie will be there as well and maybe Sarah too."

"Okay," I found myself saying, "I'll um, be there, what time?"

"I'll text you in the morning."

Lynne looked a little bemused when I relayed the news to her.

"So, you and Harriet? I never thought I'd see the day my baby sister would take a walk on the wild side."

"I'm not, you know."

"A lesbian?" Lynne set the tray down, "it wouldn't matter if you were gay, bisexual, or just bloody confused, you're my sister and I know mum would say the same thing."

"Maybe I'm just confused."

"Fine," she handed me another wine, "here's to happy confusion."

I laughed at that but it sounded forced and yet I did concede while I was attracted to her I was having trouble interpreting my feelings for her. Were they sexual or platonic? I sounded as if I was out to sea and searching for familiar landmarks, but one of Lynne's parting comments stayed with me the rest of the night and into the following day.

"If you peel an onion there's tears and there's nothing in the middle. Don't analyse it to death, just go on your gut feeling and take it as it comes. I'm here for you all the same, day and night, every day of the year."

Harriet sent me a text when I was in the shower. The barbecue would start around one and I told her I'd be there and then promptly had a panic attack when I opened my wardrobe. I've got a half decent wardrobe but I couldn't find anything to wear. In the end I went all out and donned a gold, silk blouse with metallic splashes through it, tucked into a pair of white trousers matched with white shoes and a white jacket. Even Gail gave me a second look as I slipped onto the back seat of her car an hour later.

"Jeezo, you really pulled out all the stops, you look like you're about to step out onto the red carpet."

"Ha ha, you'll keep," I muttered, "you think it's too over the top?"

"Hey, it'll do," Gail slipped the gear lever into first.

"Is Sarah coming?"

"She might," Gail glanced at me in the rear view mirror, "she's on duty but if she's able to she'll come around with a couple of other officers, we'll drop in at Safeway and grab some vegetables and a bit of booze."

Harriet looked relaxed as she led us out to the patio. Pritti and her two kids were there as well and she gave me a wave as I neared the barbecue.

"Pritti, meet Gail, Gail meet Pritti," Harriet introduced them, "you look nice," she plucked at the sleeve of my blouse, "where did you buy it?"

"Country Road," I replied.

"Well make yourself at home while Gail and I get busy in the kitchen."

"Do you want a hand?"

"Perish the thought," she slapped me on the arse, "just keep Pritti company."

I winced at that because it took me by surprise but it put a smile on my face as I made my way over to Pritti. She looked a little out of place because the only person she knew really well was Harriet, she had met me once or twice and she'd never met Gail and Cassie. Thus, it was up to me to bring her out of her shell and I did a reasonable job, all things considered. I asked questions about herself and where she'd come from, I've always been fascinated by other cultures and countries. By the time the food was dished up I felt as if I'd learned something about Sri Lanka.

Pritti was separated from her husband but he still maintained that there was hope for reconciliation but that clashed with the no fault divorce laws in Australia whereby a partner can end a marriage without the consent of the other. She or he then has to remain separated for a period of time before applying for the marriage to be dissolved and crucially, it doesn't require the consent of the other party. It was this latter point that was causing problems because she was quite firm in her stance that the marriage was over but he was just as keen to end the separation and go back to the way things were. My advice was just to stand her ground and don't give in.

However in the time I spent with her I didn't detect any hints that she might be considering dipping her feet in the other pool let alone jumping right in but perhaps her appetite was awakened by the appearance of Sarah and two of her colleagues, who were in the area on patrol and just dropped in for a free feed. Sarah looks pretty impressive in uniform but what caught Pritti's eye was seeing that she was the superior officer. When Sarah kissed Gail goodbye some half an hour later I could never have known the effect it would have on her, she did notice that it was that kind of kiss.

The barbecue was pretty much over by about five or so, it was one of those long drawn out things where you keep going back to pick at something else, so I was pretty full by the time everyone started leaving. I stayed despite the fact I'd come with Gail and Cassie because Harriet offered to take me back afterwards. And here's where it got interesting but I have to finish up here and get ready to head out to Harriet's place but I'll write more when I get back.

***

It's been nearly two days since I last sat down to write. I went to Harriet's for dinner and um, ended up staying the night. I had every intention of writing last night after work but Cassie came over for some after school coaching and I had to do my washing, cook dinner and catch up on Game of Thrones. I did ask Harriet about that night after the barbecue because it seemed at first that things might very well progress to the horizontal position but her reply was quite illuminating.

"It was tempting but I was also conscious that you had to make the first move otherwise it might just backfire on me in the cold light of day."

So, now I have to go back to what happened after everyone went home, leaving Harriet and I alone together. There was a hint of suggestiveness in the air but neither of us was going to take anything further. We sat under the pergola as the afternoon rain came down just listening to music streamed from an old computer she set up just to stream music and movies. She's connected it to bluetooth speakers, she's got an eclectic range of musical tastes from Enya through to ABBA, AC/DC and Irish folk music. There was a moment when something could have happened, around about half past nine when I looked at my watch and said that perhaps I should call a taxi because I had to work the next day.

"You could crash here," she eyed me over the rim of her glass.

"I could," I murmured, "but where would I sleep?"

"Wherever you want," she smiled slyly, "then again maybe I should just run you home."

"Are you okay to drive?"

"I'm fine," but then she tried to put the glass on the table and missed, the glass hit the side of the table and she nearly dropped it but managed to save it.

"Then again not so fine," she put it on the table, "I'll pay for the taxi seeing as I was supposed to drive you home."

"It's fine, I can pay."

"I insist," she picked up her phone.

"Are you always this insistent?"

"Only with the women I like," she swiped the screen, "you can always crash but the clock is ticking," she glanced at me, "yes or no?"

What surprised me was the fact it took a few seconds to actually say no and then I instantly felt guilty for saying no as she tapped the screen.

"I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound," I explained as she hung up.

"There's no need to apologise for anything," Harriet put the phone down.

"Seriously, it's a relief to just chill out, you're good company."

When she farewelled me at the door it was with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. It was an innocent enough kiss but considering my state of mind by then I was almost hoping for a different kind of kiss but that was not to be that night and when I finally got home I found myself replaying the night in snatches. It was a bit like having some out of body experience, I'd definitely been flirting and I was in no doubt that had she come across I would have let her take things further and yet she had stayed on her side of the line.

I was on her radar though because the next morning as I was getting ready for work I got a text from her.

Harriet: How's your head?

Fiona: Fine, don't feel that bad but I wasn't drinking that much.

Harriet: Good to have you over yesterday, we should do this again sometime soon.

Fiona: I'm all for that.

The next few days were a bit of an anticlimax, work seemed a little more boring and it felt as if I was wading through knee deep mud. Harriet had to postpone our lessons because of extra work and so I was left either sitting at home or at Gail's place. However on the Wednesday I was teaching my regular English class when my phone flashed, it's always on silent in class.

Gail: Call me when you can, urgent.

I called her some five minutes later, leaving the class to do an assignment.

"Are you in class right now?"

"I'm outside it, why? What's urgent?"

"When can you get to one of those old computers?"

"Well, I've got a class to take after this one but I'm off until after lunch, say about elevenish?"

"Perfect, see if you can get a pen drive too."

I was going to ask why but remembered what she'd told me when I gave her the contact details and farewelled her. I don't know how I got through the rest of that class and the next one but I'm the teacher and this is what I do best. Come eleven o'clock I took a flash drive into the storeroom where the computers and other old equipment were stored and called her.

"Okay, are you alone?"

"Yeah, what's all this about?"

"The name and email address you gave me last week tripped a red flag, I need you to fire up one of the computers, have you got the pen drive?"

"Yeah," I moved to a computer, "what am I looking for?"

"I'll tell you when it's up and running."

It took a good two minutes to connect up a computer and start it, and even longer to log on and wait for icons to populate the screen. Gail directed me to a Windows directory and asked me to copy the registry file to the flash drive.

"Email it to me at work."

It was all very mysterious but I did as she asked and then went onto lesson preparation but it wasn't until the lunch bell had sounded that Helena stepped into the staffroom.

"Have you got a moment?"

"Sure," I got up and followed her back to the office.

"Sit down," she indicated.

"Okay," I checked the floor, thinking that this sounded ominous.

"What did you email to the police before?"

I felt the blood draining from my face.

"They've just been on the phone to me about Richard."

I told her what I'd done and when I'd finished Helena looked grim as she studied the door, she then got up and walking to the door, opened it suddenly and looked out into the corridor. I turned around as she closed the door and put her back to it.

"Okay, I'm not angry you did it, after all, I gave you the contact details but I've just had a call from someone at the local police station. It seems they want to take a closer look at our computers, can you go outside and relieve Richard? Send him in here but just tell him I need to see him."

"Okay," I rose slowly and smoothed out my skirt, "is that it?"

"Tell him that it's," she paused, "a personal matter."

Richard looked somewhat puzzled and alarmed when I relayed the message to him. He went back inside and I took his shift and thus I had a perfect view of the police turning up in the carpark. They were still in the principals office when the bell sounded, but just as I retrieved my lesson from the staffroom I saw two cops leading Richard out. One had a firm grip on his upper arm and the other was on the phone.

"We'll be fifteen minutes away, Sarge. He's with us now."

You could have knocked me down with a feather and as an English teacher I know that's a cliché but sometimes a cliché is the best way to describe something. He'd been taken out of the school while the children were in class, thus limiting the number of students to see him being led to the police car. However, some kids in a couple of rooms couldn't help but see him being put into the back of the car and you know how kids can talk. I had to combine one of his classes with mine at short notice. I didn't find out the truth until I dropped Cassie off at home. Harriet was standing on the front porch talking to Gail and she had a brown evidence bag in her hand.

They both greeted me as I came up the stairs and Gail managed a crooked grin.

"So, how's my new deputy?"

"What's going on?"

"Well it's going to come out in the press in the next couple of days so keep your trap shut," Gail shot me a cautionary look.

"The fraud squad have been investigating bogus work compensation claims targeting the Education Department and the contact details you gave me correlated with information gathered from some other sources. Richard's direct involvement is still in doubt but the guy he gave the computers to has a long record of computer fraud."

"Well, fuck me," I exhaled, "so I wasn't just being a vindictive bitch."

"Possibly but this time it had more positive consequences," she put an arm around Cassie, "why don't you go on and get changed, sweetie, it's netball night tonight."

"I hate to love you and leave you, but I've got to run her down to practice."

"That's fine," I looked at Harriet, "fancy coming back for a cuppa?"

"Sure," Harriet flicked at her hair, "after you," she indicated.

To be honest, despite the brooding sexual tension I was surprisingly asexual when we were both back at my place. I of course talked about my part in uncovering a fiendish plan and that led onto her part. She'd been the one who analysed the data and compared it to data found on a computer linked to the fraud and confirmed it was an ex school computer that had been supposedly wiped and that was what had led the police to call Richard in for questioning.

"I don't know much more than that but it's entirely possible that someone thought they were wiping the system when in fact it was all still there if you knew how to recover it. All I was told was that somebody is using an education department computer to approve compensation payouts that aren't actually going to the people who were off work but that's a fraud squad inquiry. I'm just the hacker who confirms or denies the link."

"It's all so," I stared at the telly, "how do I put it?"

"Exciting, intriguing?"

"The second one," I replied.

"Well, we'll know for sure tomorrow," she flicked at a ball of fluff on the couch, "I have to look at his hard drive tomorrow morning and the computer he uses at work, so you'd be better off taking your laptop tomorrow."

"She never said anything about that."

"Who?"

"Helena, the principal."

"What's she like?"

"Nice, a little unsettled because of um, personal issues but I like her."

"Enough to fuck her?"

"Helena?" I winced, "um, maybe, she is straight although I'd put her in the same bracket as me."

"What bracket is that?"

"Curious."

"So you're curious?" Harriet turned side on to me.

"Yeah, is that a bad thing?"

"Not at all," she propped her elbow on the back of the couch, "it's been a while since I questioned my sexuality. I was so young and quite naïve."

"How was it for you?"

"Difficult," she replied, "I've told you about my parents' reaction to it. What I didn't tell you is that I did try hard to have a foot in both camps. Be the good little Christian girl and the gay explorer but I had to stop going to the youth club because it was just too painful seeing all those girls who would never let me put my hand between their legs."

She glanced down at the floor.

"What I will say is that some women like the idea of sleeping with a woman more than actually doing with a woman. It's a fantasy, something to keep them amused and aroused when there aren't enough men to go around. The trouble of course is that all of them will swear they're either curious or outright gay and you can't tell until you're both naked and even then it can take a few weeks or even months before it all comes out."

"Well on that count I'm guilty as charged. I don't know what I want."

"Don't stop though," she reached out and flicked at my hair, "it's a journey, not a destination, you're learning about yourself not trying to snare some hot woman or get your fanny tickled," she finished abruptly and pulled her hand back.

"The thing I like about you is the way you make yourself available without putting expectations onto me. My job can get quite stressful, I'm staring at lines of code or trying to fix a computer and it takes a lot out of me."

"Hey, I'm here and I really do like you."

"Thanks," she leaned over and brushed her lips across my cheek, "I appreciate that but now I have to love you and leave you."

The memory of that kiss stayed with me for quite some time because it was not something a man would have done without expecting a lot more. With Harriet though, it had been an impromptu gesture that could have been taken either way. I went to bed that night still replaying the half an hour I'd spent with her.

I awoke to the phone call and answered it without checking the screen.

"Hiya, it's me."

"Hiya Gail," I closed my eyes, "it's early."

"Yeah, I thought I'd get you before you got out of bed. Richard has been charged with conspiracy to commit fraud along with his girlfriend's brother, Matthew. It's going to be on the midday news or maybe even earlier so try to act surprised when you hear about it."
