 As I was laying in her bed still savoring the smell of sex in the air around us, I wasn't sure where she was going to the reference to toys, but of course I replied with an enthusiastic yes. I hadn't been fucked in months and my pussy was calling the shots by now so I was powerless to say no, and why would I? 

Her face lit up with a big smile and she said, "No peeking" and tossed a pillow over my head. I heard the familiar sound of buckles being fastened and my dripping wet pussy was immediately ready for the next round. 

She climbed back into the bed, her nipples grazing my skin as she leaned over me to kiss my neck. Every effort I made to hide my enthusiasm for this continued session was immediately given away when she spread my legs apart and ran her hand over my wetness. 

"Mmm, I guess you're ready", she said as she reached beneath me and pulled me closer to her, giving my ass a squeeze while she scooted closer. She slowly reached between my legs and stuck 2 of her fingers into my wet hole, teasing it in preparation for what was coming next. 

I still hadn't seen what she had put on, so I had no idea the size or shape I was in store for. She grabbed it with one hand and glided it slowly into my hole, letting me feel every inch of the cock. I let out a moan as she started to slowly work it in and out of my pussy.

It was bigger than I had expected and since it had been a while for me, my pussy was responding to her fucking me by dripping even more wetness. My pussy was clamping down tight around the cock as she continued to slowly tease me with it. Then, she leaned in closer to work a better angle. Her nipples rubbing against mine as she wrapped her arms around my shoulders and shoved it all the way in me. My moans and pleading to her to keep going let her know I was loving what she was doing. 

She leaned back a little and I could tell she was watching the hard cock as it slid in and out of my hot wet pussy. She started working it a little faster, tilting her hips back so she could really hit my g spot with the head of her cock. It had been very quiet and very intense, so when she broke the relative silence with the question "you like that?" 

I let her know I did by saying "mmm, yes I love the way you fuck me". She started to fuck me harder, making my GG cup tits bounce wildly. Every few thrusts of her hips, she'd grab one of my nipples and pinch it, adding to the intense pleasure. I felt like I was ready to blow when she said, "roll over". 

I dutifully rolled over and got on my knees. She mounted me from behind, much more quickly than when we first started. She put the whole length of her hard cock inside me, grabbing onto my hips to make sure she was all in the way in my wet dripping pussy. She was giving it to me hard, and I was begging her to keep going. 

She started moving faster and faster into me, grabbing my back and my shoulders to pull me in closer. The sound of her breathing, the sound of her cock sliding in and out of my wet pussy... it was all getting me to the verge of another orgasm. With every push of that huge cock into my pussy I let out a moan. All I wanted was to cum for her, but she had other plans for me. 

I rolled onto my back, taking a couple seconds to look her over. She was dripping sweat. I watched as a couple beads of sweat ran down from her neck, over her breasts and down towards that massive strap-on. It was built like a thong and as she stood up, I caught a quick glimpse of her ass, which was muscular and so well defined by the thong separating her cheeks. 

My gawking at her nakedness was cut short by her again grabbing me and scooting me towards the edge of the bed. She was standing next to the bed, and she again slid me closer to her by grabbing me by the ass and scooting me towards her. 

This time, she wasn't about easing it in. She was ready to make me cum, and I was so very close. She spread my legs apart and thrust her cock deep inside of me. She pulled my ankles together and pushed back on my legs to give her access to my hole. She was fucking me hard and fast now. I couldn't even moan. 

My hands grabbed at the pillows and blankets and I kept pulling them towards my face, hoping to use them to muffle the screams that I knew were about to come out of my mouth. She grabbed the blankets and pillows away from me. She was enjoying the noise. As she thrust deeper and harder, I could feel my juices welling up and getting ready to explode. I begged her "please don't stop" which only made her fuck me harder. 

She pushed my ankles back further and thrust the whole length of her cock into me, laying her weight on top of my swollen clit. She fucked me faster and harder than I had ever been fucked before, and just as I was screaming because I was about to cum, she thrust it one last time. 

With that final thrust of the strap-on, she came just as I did. My pussy was exploding juices down the side of her bed. She laid her weight on me and I felt her warm wetness as she laid her pussy right on top of mine and came all over me. As my pussy throbbed and dripped she rubbed against my clit with hers so I could feel her warm wetness. Her pussy poured juice and as it mixed in with mine it sent more waves of pleasure over my body. 

My body was exhausted from all the orgasms she had given me throughout the night. She stood up and took off the strap-on, giving me one more chance to take in her nakedness. I smiled as she crawled into the bed with me and we both laid there. I don't know what she was thinking about, but I drifted off to sleep next to her, dreaming about the next time.