 "I had always wondered how our paths had never really crossed, all things considered"

"Yeah, its strange to think we were in the same places at the same times so often but we never really found each other until now"

I had wanted her for quite a while and so I was excited when she asked me out for drinks. We had known each other casually for years, but when we first met she was married and I hadn't come out yet... I never could have imagined we'd end up hanging out; I certainly didn't expect what happened next. 

We'd sat together having a few beers and talking about sports, school, work, life – a little bit of everything. We started out a couple feet apart in the booth, but as the night progressed we scooted closer and closer until our legs were just barely touching. With every inch she moved closer to me, my mouth got dry, my heart beat faster, and I could feel my pussy tingle in a way it hadn't in a very long time. 

When I said I was too tipsy to go home and she invited me to come crash at her place, I jumped at the chance. I wasn't even sure at first if it was a date or if it was just hockey teammates hanging out together. I figured if I was going to find out, this was my chance. I followed her the couple of blocks to her place; it was just before Christmas and I wasn't even sure my little truck was going to make it through the snow to her house so she drove slowly to make sure she didn't lose me. 

As I pulled up in front of her house, my mind was racing. I was hoping so desperately that the night would end with a kiss. My heart was pounding so hard I thought she'd be able to hear it, my frozen hands suddenly got clammy and as I fantasized about what I would like to have happen next, I carefully made my way to her door. Getting past her dog, who wasn't too sure about me, turned out to be the only obstacle in my path.

I entered her house and flipped off my wet shoes and tried to shake off the cold. She offered me a quick tour which ended at her bedroom. Since I was planning to stay as I was in no shape to drive home, I stood in front of her bed nervously and she finished up the tour by saying, "and this is my bedroom". No sooner did the words leave her mouth then she tossed the door shut and moved towards me with a ferocity I hadn't expected. With two steps she was away from the door and her arms were wrapped around me, her lips pressed against mine. My knees buckled a bit as she parted my lips with her tongue and kissed me passionately, our tongues dancing together. Clearly this was a first date, and even more clearly, I was about to give it up on the first date. 

She began tearing at my clothes and I eagerly let them fall to the floor. I'd never had anyone undress me before so I was caught a little off guard at her abandon. Besides, we'd changed in the locker room together plenty of times so I figured she knew what she was getting. 

She pushed me back on the bed and continued to kiss me on the lips and then on my neck. Her warm breath on my skin gave me goosebumps and made my pussy throb and ache. She took one of my tits in her hand, the look on her face told me she approved of their size, then took my nipple into her mouth. She gently spun her tongue around it in circles, then flicked and sucked on my nipple before moving to the other one. As she worked my nipples with her tongue and held the weight of my tits in her hands, I could only bite my lip in anticipation. By now my pussy was throbbing and dripping wet.

As her hand reached down to my warm wet pussy, I thought I might explode as soon as she touched me. She let out a sort of evil sounding giggle as her hand reached my wetness; kind of an "oh, you're one of those..." My pussy was aching for her touch and as she gently parted my slit with her fingers and worked my clit, I let out a moan that let her know I was enjoying what she was doing. She rubbed my pink, swollen clit with her fingers and though I didn't say anything, she seemed to know exactly what I wanted. She slowly slid her face down between my tits until I could feel the warmth of her breathing mixing in with the warm wetness of my pussy. As she spread my legs apart, my pussy and my body were begging for her to eat me out. The anticipation of her tongue and her hot mouth on my pussy was almost more than I could stand. 

She lapped at my wetness with her tongue, with each flick and touch sending me into a higher orbit of ecstasy. My juices were flowing freely and every time my pussy put out a little more wetness, she opened her mouth and drank it up eagerly. She worked her finger in and out of my pussy, gently pushing on my g-spot and then she would go back to working my clit with her tongue. When my juices would start to drip she would take my clit into her mouth and suck it gently, sending waves of pleasure through my whole body. I felt her tongue slide in and out of my pussy over and over... I felt like I was going to have to be peeled off the ceiling! 

As she worked me closer and closer to orgasm, I grabbed her head and held her close to me. I loved her tongue fucking my wet pussy and I didn't ever want it to end. Every few flicks of the tongue would make my legs involuntarily close, shaking from the fatigue of trying to hold back a massive orgasm, and she would push them back apart and go right back to work on my clit. She worked at it feverishly, getting faster and faster and sucking on my clit harder and harder as I pushed her face into my wetness. I couldn't hold off any longer; my legs began to shake, my feet and legs were tingling, my nipples hardened without even a touch. As I was on the verge of cumming, my body moved away but she followed it sucking and licking until my pussy exploded. I let out a scream of pure pleasure like never before as every bit of my pussy juice was being licked up and savored. As I was in the throes of orgasm, every motion of her tongue to lap up my juices sent me into another orgasm. I couldn't speak or control my body, I could only lay there and try to catch my breath as orgasm after orgasm rolled through my body. 

As she finally finished lapping up the last of my wetness, I was laying there trying to breathe, taking in what had happened and fantasizing about returning the favor. As she crawled up the bed and kissed me, I could taste myself on her lips and it made my still swollen clit throb. I was ready to cuddle up and get some shut eye when she looked at me and said "So, do you like toys?"