 Your Silken Skin, Your Heat, Your Smell, Your Mouth!

(Her lips, Her Tongue, My Body, MySex!)

-A New Short Story by Nicole

The days are getting warmer and as the sun clings to the horizon, slanting down in a long shallow arc, the pale golden light angles in a gentle bath of glowing peach over her cheek and lean elegant neck. My slender fingers quietly seek her hand resting loosely on her lap. As my fingers mesh with hers, she smiles and fiercely squeezes my hand and looks into my eyes. I of course cannot resist her eyes and the love shining from them that forever amazes me. She turns her body toward me and gently urges me closer with a firm tug on my hand. A soft moan of expectation, an "mmmmm" of deep feeling, trills in my throat as our lips meet. She kisses me softly at first and my body melts into hers, then more forcefully her tongue pushes through my lips and seeks the depths of my mouth. My hand falls limply into her lap as it is released and her hands guide me and thrill me and control me. Feeling her warm soft palm caressing and cupping my cheek as her fingers lace through my hair low behind my ear, I moan again as her tongue teases my lips. My mouth and tongue eagerly pursue hers as I'm teased and pecked and her other hand firmly circles my waist and her arm surrounds me and pulls me close. Again, with a softness that is also hard and fierce, her lips press against mine and her tongue forces it's way inside again.

We kiss like this for a long time as the light fades into that prolonged twilight of summer in New England. My body is tingling with the thrill of our kissing and feeling my lover's arms around me. The smell of lavender fills my senses with each swing of her silken hair. I'm being consumed by the urgency of her kisses and the forcefulness of her probing tongue. My hand trails down over my lap to the hem of my dress and I gather and bunch it as I work it up my thighs. I part my legs slightly as my fingers seek the moistness of my blooming excitement. I make little circles over the snug silk of my panties with the pads of two fingertips and moan more urgently as she draws my tongue into her mouth. With increasing excitement and as my fingertips encourage little spasms and thrilling tingles to pulse through me, I quickly slip them inside the silkiness hugging my sex and seek the warm and deliciously wet slickness inside the folds of my lips.

Again with a nearly desperate forcefulness, Catherine pushes her tongue deep into my mouth and I welcome her and our tongues entwine. She knows how to make love to me in ways that are at once familiar and also fresh and new. Her kisses are tender but also urgent and exploratory and this time, almost masculine in their firmness and dominance. As I slip a finger inside myself I am thrilled as Cate's hand slips inside the loose "v" neck of my light cotton dress and she cups my breast and kneads it. Quickly so I can return my hand to the increasing wetness between my legs, I unbutton my dress so it falls open. I push the rest to the sides as Cate eases me back to the deep downy cushions of the armrest. She is partly beside me and partly over me, my legs are spread wider and my hand easily slides into place inside my thong. It is so warm, nearly hot down there now and so divinely wet and I moan loudly as two of my fingers push quickly and deeply inside me. Catherine is cupping, fondling and caressing my breasts. She will cradle one in her palm letting her fingertips follow the curve around the side, and move in a caress that circles around and over the top, then her slim fingers slip down to meet her thumb at my firm and proud nipple. She knows just how to make me squeal and so she does as her lips suddenly leave mine and I feel the warmth of her mouth as it covers my nipple. Cate is not taking her time or leaving any doubt about the outcome as she sucks my nipple hard into her lips and her teeth clamp firmly around it. I cry out in pain and intense pleasure and quickly I push my thong down. Cate helps, her mouth never leaving my nipple, and I lift my hips as my panties are finally removed. The air is chilling my damp lips and my little bud throbs softly. I feel Cates free hand flat against my tummy as it slides down to cover my pouting lips. She wriggles her middle finger between them and I feel such a thrill as her fingertip teases and probes the entrance to my depths. I rock my hips as she continues to clamp my nipple in her teeth and to burnish it with her tongue. Caressing her hair and back as my moans grow more urgent and intense, I scream out as she stretches my nipple with her teeth and suddenly drives her finger deep inside me.

Now it's two fingers and she's curling them up and driving them hard into my g-spot, rubbing up and down over it as my hips grind and buck. She has now suckled and nibbled and bitten my nipples until they are hard and throbbing. She alternates between them and the intense thrill of being suddenly warm and wet and then wet and suddenly chilled by the air is driving me insane. I am so close to loosing myself in the intensity of the orgasm I have felt building inside me that I don't even notice when Cate's fingers are brushing my lips and I hear faintly, "Here my sweet, taste your sweet honey." I do and it's sweet and salty as I suck her fingers. They return to my aching and dripping little pussy.

Cate lies beside me now, her fingers are thrusting steadily deep inside me as I moan and writhe and thrust myself against her fierce driving fingers. I'm pinching and pulling my nipples as Cate giggles and says how much she loves watching me do that. "You are so damn sexy and it's so hot to see your gorgeous body squirm as I fuck you doll!" says Cate in a deep husky voice. "Pull those hot little nipples baby!"

I am lost in the feelings of hot flashes and intense electric tingling that comes over me in rippling waves from my face and neck down over my breasts and tummy and through my pussy and over my thighs. It's coming as the bright flashes of light and starbursts continue with my eyes shut tight. Cate quickly rolled her fingers over my throbbing clit before diving back inside as I dilate wide and the walls of my pussy wrinkle. She presses hard into my g-spot pinching it between her finger and her thumb just above my clit. I scream and begin to shake violently and in the far distance I hear my lovers' sweet voice saying "Yes, yes, yes, yes..." I'm lost deep, deep inside myself as the throbbing and spasm of my orgasm clenches my tummy and squeezes my pussy hard around Cate's fingers inside me. All my muscles are tight and suddenly I gasp, breathing again and moaning and laughing and crying. The ripples continue and Cate begins to fuck me again with her slender fingers, and I know that soon I will cum again and again and again. I close my eyes smiling and whisper, "I love you Cate!"

"I know baby and I love watching you cum as I fuck you. Now relax Nikki cuz I'm not done with this pussy yet!" Cate says huskily giving my clit a soft pinch. I giggle and my hands meet in her hair as she moves her mouth down to my swollen pussy. Cates' thumbs are pressing in and pushing up and out either side of my clit so the hard little button is fully exposed. I gasp and cry out as her delicate tongue flicks over the tip. Cate is the first and only woman who has ever been able to give me this pleasure of near intense pain that sends shock waves into me followed by such intensely exciting feelings. The first few flicks of her tongue have my fingers knotted in her hair, my body squirming to get away, and my mind short circuiting. My swollen clit is so extremely sensitive and her flicking tongue so shockingly painful and pleasurable that the first time she did this to me I got very upset. Now I know that after 6 or 8 flicks the sensations will be so intense that it will feel like every nerve in my body is on fire. It does now as she tattoos my clit. My nipples are tingling with such intensity that I can hardly control myself. My body begins to shake violently and I gasp in sharp continuous little screams that rise in a rolling intensity with my orgasm. My darling Catherine prolongs one continuous orgasm for ten minutes until I'm sobbing and she's beside me and I'm squeezing her hard in my arms holding on to my lover forever. My legs wrapped around her leg so as to squeeze her thigh hard against my throbbing pussy.

Full night has come to the Cape now and our small enclosed porch is a musky haven of black velvety silence.

I cannot express how perfectly happy I am with my Cate. To have found the woman that can do this to me is the purest blessing I could ever imagine.