 You and I have talked online and become close. We've decided not to fight our growing passion and meet up for the first time. We set up a reservation at a hotel, saying we need a room for a conference being held in town. We get a room with two beds for an alibi.

I arrive first at the hotel.. The room has moss green paper covered walls with intricate gold detail. The beds are covered in white duvet linens and mountains of pillows. There is a tv, a stereo, a phone, and a table/chair for working. There is also the typical bathroom.. In the middle of the room there is a rounded Jacuzzi tub. It is encased in black marble. I'm sitting on the bed when I hear the door click and begin to open. 

I stand when you come in. I am wearing a teal/blue thin cotton shirt and light tan capri pants and strappy sandals. All of which enhance my pale skin and curvy body. You are wearing jeans that ride low on your hips and a black blouse that shows off ample cleavage. 

We begin with making small talk. About things we usually don't talk about. Favorite foods, music, drinks, outlooks on life, etc.. Then we become hungry and decide to go downtown and eat. We have a nice dinner with drinks. Long Island Ice Tea for me. Vodka and sprite for you. Our conversation continues and we begin to loosen up. My eyes watch your mouth as you take each sip of your drink and bite of your food. I'm a bit obsessed with your mouth. It sends shocking thoughts through my head. We laugh and share naughty banter. Giving wicked looks and grins across the table at one another. Attempting to be subtle, but not being successful with it.

After dinner, we call a cab and go back to the hotel. We nervously enter the elevator and go up to our floor. We enter the room.. A silence hangs heavily in the air. Pregnant with anticipation and confusion. 

You announce that you are going to go get ready for bed. You go to the bathroom and I head down the hallway to get ice and some water from the vending machine. I come back and you are sitting on one bed wearing black short boy short underwear and a green sleep tank. I gather my things and go into the bathroom to get ready. 

I brace my hands, which are shaking a bit, on the cold white marble counter top and look into the large rectangular glass mirror in front of me. Taking in my reflection. I run my fingers thru my curly mahogany hair and ask myself "can I do this?" I settle myself, change, and exit the bathroom. I am wearing a purple silky spaghetti strapped chemise that hits mid thigh.. I am aware at how the silk feels against my nipples.. Rubbing smoothly. Making them harden. And it embarrasses and excites me. Do you notice?

You are sitting on the bed nearest the window. I walk over and sit on the edge of the bed. We glance at each other nervously. But with curiosity and heat in our eyes. We try to make small talk, but visions and memories of past internet conversations enter our minds. We laugh nervously. Filling the room with the sound. 

I get up from the bed and turn the stereo on. Just a regular contemporary rock station. I don't turn it up loudly, just enough. I return to the bed. I sit next to you. Close. I brush your hair off of one shoulder. I look into your blue eyes. "What are we doing?" I ask. "I don't know." you reply. Your pink tongue darts out and glides across your lower lip, a nervous habit. "Can we do this?" I ask. "I don't know." you reply again. You continue saying, "but I feel like if we don't do something, I'll burn up inside."

At the same time, we each take our hands and cup each other's faces. Our mouths meet. Softly. We just slide our lips against each others. Feeling the texture and soft/fullness of them. I lick your lower lip. Lightly. Begging for entry. You open yourself to me. My tongue fills your mouth. Slowly our tongues begin to slide along together. Tangling and dancing in an erotic kiss. I plunder your mouth going deeper as the kiss continues. I'm exploring you. Your contours. Drinking from your mouth as if it contains the last drop of water in a barren desert. 

My hands move from your face to your hair. My fingers threading thru. Massaging your scalp while drawing you closer to me. Deepening and angling the kiss further. You moan and begin kissing back more. Wanting more.. Your chest is heaving from the intensity. We break apart and stare at one another. Eyes full of unbridled desire. 

We fall back on the bed, caressing each other through our clothing. Licking along skin, sucking, and nibbling. Our hands roam. Up and down smooth legs, and thighs. Over curvaceous breasts, stomachs, so erotic even through clothing. We are just feeling one another. The softness of our flesh. The curves. The shape of a woman.

We both become more heated in the embrace. We begin to run our hands underneath clothing feeling smooth skin, nipples puckering, and heat. We both begin trembling at the excitement bubbling up inside us. We begin to arch and strain against each other. Never seeming to get enough. Not able to get close enough. Our need is boundless.

We get on our knees and undress each other. Your pupils seem to dilate with each newly uncovered inch of exposed skin. This is a slow process. I undress you. You undress me. Until we are completely naked and unashamed. We embrace. Breasts touching. Nipples rubbing against each other. The softness and warmth of skin sets us aflame. 

Our hands begin to roam. You hold my breasts, rubbing my nipples. I slide my hand downward trailing toward your pussy. Feeling the heat and smoothness of you. We never break eye contact through this. So we see the passion build. There is no turning back for us.

I lay you back down on the bed. Your head is propped on pillows. I take a pillow from the other bed and place it under your hips allowing better access. I take a slow journey down your body. Using my mouth, teeth, fingers, and tongue. I'm a little nervous. I've never been with a woman before, and I'm not sure of what I'm doing. But your soft moans and pleas drive me onward. 

I take my nipple and rub it up and down your core. It is such a simple gesture.. But so erotic. Then, I get my first taste of you. Licking your slit. Allowing just the tip of my tongue to trace you. I lick your folds. All over. Bathing you with my tongue. Worshiping you. I taste the salty sweat gathered on you. You raise your head and look down at me. You giggle. It's your first time w/a woman too. Each sensation is new. I find your clit with my mouth. I gently pull it in. Tugging at it. Laving it. Experimenting with speeds and movements until I see what you like most. What your body responds to. Your clit stiffens more and seems to be begging for attention. I lick the head. The sides. Then take the tip of my tongue and begin to rub and flick the bottom of the clit. Just like you like it. Slowly, I continue this. Alternating from using the tip and flat of my tongue on you. 

I look down at you and can see wetness glistening on and between your thighs. You're so turned on that you have soaked yourself. It's an intoxicating heady feeling to know that I've had this power over you. I want to taste the moisture that has pooled there. So I lower my head and angle it to allow the best angle for penetration. 

Slowly, I push my tongue inside you. I feel tiny spasms inside you with each movement. My tongue makes slow strokes in you. As if I am feeding from you. I plunge my tongue deeper. Reaching further within you with each stroke.

I take my hands and spread you open more to me. Displaying you like a flower opening it's petals to the sun. Neither of us can believe how deep my tongue goes inside. I continue my slow torture of you. Moving in and out of you. Stabbing and then retracting. In varying speeds and rhythms. 

Soon, you begin to beg for more. Soft cries and pants fill the room. I speed up the licking. I move my way back up your body. I kiss you and allow you to taste yourself on my tongue. Meanwhile, I insert one finger in you. And build a rhythm. We're kissing. One hand is on your breast fondling and caressing, while the other is pleasuring you below. 

I suck your nipples. Licking and biting.. Nibbling. Each of them. At the same time I slide another finger inside you. My two fingers are fucking you. They speed up. You begin to grind down on my hand. You kiss me, moaning in my mouth. "God I want you so much." you say. You are almost in tears from need and pleasure. 

You just keep getting wetter and wetter, coating my fingers. So I add a third inside you. I rock my hand against your pussy while the fingers plunder you. In, out, in, out, in, out, in, out. Entering and withdrawing pushing you higher.. Taking you farther. Controlling your pleasure. I take the palm of my other hand and begin rubbing your clit in a gentle massage. 

You prop yourself up on your elbows watching. Your face contorting in expressions of pleasure and pain. "Fuck. Please. I'm gonna explode. I need to finish, now.." you exclaim.. I curl my fingers a bit and push in far, reaching your g-spot. And begin a massage of that area. Hitting it with each thrust and curling motion. Your head drops back as I speed up. I feel your inner walls begin to quiver, clench, and throb on my fingers. While I continue fuck you, I take your mouth again. Swallowing your cries and screams. Making sure they go no further than the walls of the hotel room. 

I've just made you cum all over my hand. I remove my soaked fingers and give your slit one last lick and probe of my tongue. Not letting any of that delicious nectar go to waste. I rub your juice on my nipples. You sit up and lean in. Sucking the wetness off my breasts. Then kiss me. 

We move to the jet tub. I turn on the water to a nice temp. Not too hot, not too cold. And add some bath oil. We sink into the water and allow the jets to massage our muscles. Holding each other. Caressing and kissing. Playing in the water.. Our skin is glistening and slick as we rub against one another. Feeling how erotic it feels to have the collision of slippery skin rubbing against another's body.

Once the bath is over, we get out. We take turns drying each other with towels. Lingering in all the right spots. Crawl into the bed where we made love. And hold one another. Talking and laughing until sleep overtakes us. Til I drift into a dream.. A dream about my first taste of you.