 Sitting in the locker room, Carol looked around, she was hot, and tired.. Practice had been rough.. but she was feeling that warm sensation that covers muscles once they have been first stressed, then were allowed to relax. The other girls were already stripping, chatting and laughing. She watched as her team mates moved towards the showers. She had always felt a little odd at these times. Not because she was ashamed of being naked, actually, when alone she had always found the sensation of wearing nothing to be liberating, kind of therapeutic. But in the company of other young women she was embarrassed by her body. She knew, deep in her mind that she shouldn't be, but she was. Her breasts had yet to fill out and at eighteen years of age, she still didn't have a "mound" of pubic hair, just a light covering of auburn fuzz. No, fuzz wasn't the right word for it. Her pubic hair was sparse, almost as though she were balding.. but at eighteen, down there? All the other girls on the team were walking around her with full bodies, or at the very least enough secondary signs of maturity that they couldn't be mistaken for a little girl.

"Comon, hit those showers!" yelled the coach. "I want towels and uniforms in the hampers, not on the floor ladies!" Miss Stenholtz shouted as she entered her office.

Carol stood, and peeled off her hockey uniform. Once naked she held a towel at waist level covering her sparse pubic area, walked around to the bin that collected the dirty uniforms and then walked into the shower area. Stephanie was already there, giggling at something one of the other girls had said, but upon seeing Carol enter the area, turned and motioned for her friend to move next to her.

"Hey!" Stephanie Shouted over the sound of falling water. "you still on for tonight?"

"Tonight?" Carol said stepping under the warm water. "Yeah, I guess so." She had almost forgotten the double date.

"Great!" yelled Steph, pulling her long brunette locks back over her shoulder. "I can't wait, it's gonna be a blast!"

Carol washed herself. Her small breasts, when would they grow like Steph's? God, her friend must be a full "C" cup by now, and her pubic hair grew in a large, full dark mound of curls. Carol watched as the other girl bent over, rinsing her buttocks and thighs.. She felt her breath grow sharper.. 'Damn' she thought, 'not now, not here'. Her mind flashed to a few weeks back.. 

She and Steph were in the other girls house, her friend had gone to the bathroom and they were talking, so she had left the door open.. 

Carol had sat on the floor across from the door, chatting when her girlfriend had opened the door to hear better.. she was looking straight at her friends crotch. She could almost make out the golden stream that erupted from the darkness .. her breath caught in her throat, her heart started to pound as the other girl wiped herself, pulling the hair and skin forward, she had felt flush, her panties were getting damp all by themselves.. it scared her… it thrilled her.. 

Carol plunged into the water, hoping that as she got excited, no one would notice. She turned her back on her friend, and soaped her hair.. another girl was standing across from her.. her nipples little flat spots on white mounds of flesh.. The water caused a tingling sensation on her small breasts, she looked down at herself, her nipples were erect, standing straight out from her 'almost' "A" cup chest. 

"Hey! Earth to Carrot top!" Steph shouted.

Carol spun again, facing her friend.

"What is it with you?" Stephanie stepped closer to her.. almost touching. "Are you OK? … I asked what you were going to wear?" The brunettes eyes dropped to the other girls pale chest. "God, turn up the hot water silly, you're freezing yourself."

"Uh, I guess I just caught a draft.. " Carol stumbled trying to pick up the other girls suggestion about being cold.

"Or are you excited about something?"

"No, I caught a draft. " Carol ducked under the water again. She had felt that stirring in her loins again.. she was turned on. God, what was going on with her?

"So.." Steph stood with her hands on her hips. "What are you wearing tonight?"

"I don't know.. Uh," Carol had to focus.. "Jeans I guess"

"OK, listen I'll come by, drop my things and we'll go from there OK?" Stephanie was referring to the plan for her to spend the night at Carol's house that night.

"All right, uh, about when?"

"I guess around seven or so?"

"OK."

"Jeans and what else?"

"Huh?" Carol had tried not to look at the way her friends breasts hung off her frame.

"What else are you going to wear?"

"I don't know, a blouse, maybe a jacket." She shrugged.

"Don't wear anything too tight." Her friend said with a grin and sauntered out of the shower area.

"Let's go girls!" came Miss. Stenholtz's voice. "Water's off in ten minutes!"

Carol turned, facing the tile and started back in on her hair.. 'What's happening to me? Why am I having thoughts like this?' 

Once home Carol ran to her room and fell onto her bed. She couldn't understand why she was getting turned on looking at girls. She had always felt more comfortable around women then men, with the exception of her father, but that was normal right? But in the last year or so, she could remember taking a much keener interest in the girls in her class, especially those that were close to her, like Stephanie. Could she be .. One of them? She closed her eyes and tried to remember what she had been thinking, deep down somewhere in her mind.. something must be triggering her erotic responses.. but how? Another girl?

She had marveled at the other girls bodies.. watching them move, naked and graceful. She had watched them bounce and jiggle and .. 'Oh My God' She was having sexual thoughts about Stephanie! How could she? How couldn't she? In her heart she knew, that even in her most intimate sexual fantasies, the ones that she would masturbate too, Stephanie was always there, watching while a faceless nearly genderless body had touched her, kissed her. Or on other occasions she had thought of.. She had thought of her. Those dark pools for eyes. That hair, her smell, her form, her voice, her hands, her.. She was starting again. Why did all her intimate thoughts revolve around other girls? She stood and looked in the mirror.. Green eyes looked back at her from within an alabaster face, angular, sharp almost. Shoulder length red hair.. a wide splash of freckles across her face. Thin, muscular frame under her clothes. No chest. God, she looked like a boy. Maybe she was a boy, maybe she was one of those, whatchamacallit's.. Herma something's… She'll never be as attractive as Steph, or some of the other girls in her school. Damn.. 

Dropping back onto her bed, she thought of her last few dates.. the way they had ended. Virtual wrestling matches. The guys had been grabbing and pulling, slobbering all over her.. squeezing her small breasts until they stung with pain. Ramming first their hands then their thighs between her legs, trying to hump her through her clothes. God, what a horrible night she had coming. But then.. Steph would be there.. Stephanie.. she had listened to the other girls stories of wild sexual abandon. How she reveled in the taste, the smell the feel of the boy she was with.. Why couldn't she get like that, why wasn't she able to enjoy her dates like that? She felt tears well up inside her. Carol rolled over and cried into her pillow. Then, after shedding some tears, and venting her frustration into the innocent pillow. She drifted off to sleep.

Carol awoke to the sound of her mothers voice calling her. Steph was here. She rolled off the bed and looked in the mirror again. Her eyes showed she had been asleep and it was a shock as her dark haired friend bounded through the door.

"Hey Care', You OK?" She asked.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?"

"It's just the old Italian thing kicking in, worry abut the ones you love, you know."

Carol's heart jumped in her chest.. It was the word 'love' wasn't it? She was having more and more trouble being composed around this girl. What was wrong with her?

"Come on where are we sleeping tonight?" Stephanie said looking at the small double bed that occupied one corner of the other girls room.

"I was thinking we could sleep in the den, with the big TV and all.. " Snap out of it dummy. 

"OK, cool, let's get our stuff down there, the guys are coming around eight, and it's a nine thirty show." Stephanie hefted her overnight bag onto her shoulder and the two proceeded to plod down stairs to the den.

In the next half hour the two made a space for themselves, placing sleeping bags and pillows in a sort of futon like arrangement. Just as they were finishing their construction Carol's father entered the house. He looked down the short stairwell into the den and said in his strong voice:

"Good evening short cake." His steel gray eyes glistened, his almost non existent hair was just a shade of gray now, it made him look distinguished in his Marine Corps. Uniform. 

"Hi Daddy" Carol said, not able to hide the joy she had upon seeing her father.

"And hello Stephanie, how are you ladies tonight?" Asked the Gunnery Sergeant. 

"We're fine Sarge, how are you?" for some reason Steph made 'Sarge" sound like a formal term.

"I'm fine. What are you two up to this evening? Bivouac?"

"Double date, sir." Said Stephanie

"Then back here for girl stuff, sir." Continued Carol.

The man looked as though he were inspecting their construct, and finding it acceptable nodded and added a brisk, "Carry on." The girls giggled and fell onto the couch. For all his formal posing, Gunny Howell always liked to play with his little girl. He just never seemed to have the time anymore.

Both girls proceeded up the stairs, it was time to get ready for the big date. Stephanie had set the whole thing up. Two boys from school, David (Steph called him the stud of the month) and Tony. Tony was of course Carol's date, and she was as unsure of this as she had ever been of anything in her life. She washed her face, and pulled at her hair, it was OK, she thought. Then she went to her closet and pulled out a light green blouse and clean, dark blue Calvin Klein jeans. She turned and watched as Stephanie pulled a pair of matching designer jeans from her bag and a dark brown sweater. The two changed next to each other, as they had for years. But this time seemed different, Carol wasn't' sure how or why.. But this time she was almost embarrassed to let the other girl see her. 

She was terrified that her body would betray her as she watched the heavy breasts of her companion jiggle in their bra. Please don' t let me get turned on now!  She prayed silently. Heat rose through her body as a response. Stephanie pulled off her slacks and falling back on the bed she began to pull on the designer jeans. In a moment, Carol was laying next to her, their arms grazing each other as they worked on the tight denim.

"Damn, you look good in those.." Stephanie said as Carol stood up.

"You think so?" Carol looked at herself in the mirror.

"Are you kidding, you have a great ass."

"I don't know, I think it's kind of flat."

"Not in those jeans it's not."

Carol tried to turn away from her friend as she pulled off her tee shirt. Her bra was the same size as the one she'd worn two years ago. She could go without one she was so small on top. 

"Your not going to wear an athletic bra are you?" Asked Steph, pointing at the one she was wearing.

"Uh, no, I'm changing it.. what about you?"

"Tadaa!!" Stephanie pulled a red lace bra from her bag, and without so much as a by your leave dropped out of her white cotton support and slowly worked her way into the lace. Carol was transfixed. The way her nipples rode on the waves of her breasts as they swayed from side to side. The way she smelled, the way.. Good Christ what am I doing!?  

Carol opened her dresser, and looked through her bras. She found one of her nicer ones and held it up, a thin strapped teal silken piece.

"Wow! I like" said Stephanie gazing at the lingerie

"Thanks, it's for that green dress I got last year."

"I know, but I must have missed the matching undies.. How come you're not wearing the panty?"

"Uh, I think it's dirty, I must have worn 'em the other day." Carol pulled her bra over her head like she had done with the tee shirt. Her small curves of breast looked back at her in the mirror. Her nipples were dark, unlike the areola around them, they were darkening, she was sure from their normal pink to a shade darker, like roses. She slipped into the bra and looked up. Stephanie was staring at her. Probably wondering how she survived with such an anemic chest. God for the days of twiggy again.

"What!?" Carol intoned, shrugging into the garment.

"I love your body." Stephanie said looking over the other girl.

Carol stared at her in the mirror. She had felt her heart stop. She was standing, frozen. Her arms in the straps of the brassiere held at her elbows.

"I do." Said the dark haired girl stepping closer. "I wish I had your figure, I love it, the way your neck just slips into your shoulders. Your curves are just so.."

"Not there." Carol said, realizing she was staring back at her friend.

"No, that's not it, just subtle and soft."

"I've got no tits." The red head pulled the bra on and reached behind her to clip it. 

"Your tits fit your frame, slender, muscular in perfect proportion. Just like your butt."

"My butt?" "Yeah, it's perfect, just so.. hell, it's a shame you're covering it all. If anyone could see you move, like you do, when you're naked."

Carol didn't know what was happening, she could feel her nipples getting erect, her breath fell shallow, and her crotch began to feel damp.

"I mean," continued Stephanie. "If your not trying to hide everything, your body is so fluid, and graceful. I feel like a cow next to you."

The mental image had struck her, Carol broke out laughing, turning to see her friend. She had always thought that Stephanie was perfect, and knew it. Here, this beauty was, telling her that she was jealous of the non existent figure on the smaller girl. 

Stephanie started to laugh then.

"I'm sorry, you must think I'm some sort of dyke or something!" The Italian girl hooted.

"No, I think your perfect!" The two girls fell into a hug. 

The warmth of the two bodies holding each other swept through Carol's body. Resting her head on the other girls shoulder Carol let herself feel. The hug was intense, warm, all encompassing. At that moment, for just an instant, Carol wanted to kiss the other girl. The thought didn't revolt her, or make her feel odd, suddenly it felt like just what she needed to do. But, before she could bring herself to do it, they broke the embrace. More importantly, to Carol, Steph had broken it. She tried to banish thoughts of a romantic nature from her mind. 

Stephanie handed her the blouse and she slipped into it without saying a word.

Soon, after talking with her mother and getting the usual; 'Home by midnight darling' speech both girls watched as the battleship gray and primer Chevrolet waited for them. The two young men inside were talking, then both got out and came to the door.. The date was on.

David and Stephanie sat up front. Tony sat behind David and Carol behind Steph. They chatted, mostly about school and plans and thoughts. What teachers were the best. Which were the worst. Both boys thought Miss. Steinholtz was a lesbian. David explained that she had to be, she wore no makeup, and she spent all of her time with girls. She was probably just trying to get one of the hapless girls alone. Carol defended her, "Why, if your coaching, should you worry about being dressed up?" What was the matter with this guy? 

She and Stephanie both stated they felt there was nothing wrong with the teacher, and she was good at her job. Tony made a crack about the fact that Miss. Steinholtz had the body of a guy, so maybe she was really just a cross dresser. Carol said nothing about the crack. The teacher had a more feminine body than she did. At least, as far as she was concerned.

They stopped for dinner at a local Pizza restaurant. They ate and laughed. She was having a good time, sitting across from Stephanie, she found herself looking to the girl for support. She was transfixed on her. Soon, she hoped that they would end the date, and be alone again. Was she starting to feel jealous of the boys?

They went to a movie, as planned. It was one of the standard slasher horror flicks that seemed to come out in continuous waves then. A little nudity, a lot of blood, and loud music. She jumped and screamed and sitting with Steph to her right, Tony to her left, she felt as though they were on a date, without the boys. Only with an annoying little brother sitting on either side.

After the movie the boys were grinning broadly. They all resumed their places in the car and started driving. Steph was all over her boy. They kissed at stop lights and her hand had slipped onto the drivers side of the car, resting in his crotch. Soon, he pulled into a park and the car stopped.

Tony was on her in a matter of moments. His lips pressed against hers. His tongue sweeping across her lips. His breath rank from onion and pizza, stale popcorn and soda. She tried to allow herself to relax, to 'get into it' but it wasn't working. She couldn't get excited like this, it wasn't doing anything for her.

In the front seat, Stephanie and David were locked in a passionate embrace. At one moment, Carol was watching Steph when she looked over at her and smiled. Stephanie pushed David back and reached for his belt. Tony was roughly squeezing her breasts, trying to find a nipple that wouldn't respond with a sharp twisting motion. David leaned backwards his back resting on the drivers door. Stephanie pulled his erect penis from his pants and stared to stroke it, first with the flat of her hand, then wrapping her fingers around it she began to masturbate her date. Tony broke his grip on Carol and looked in the front street, he hooted his approval and stared at the scene before him. Steph looked over at Carol, she smiled, and nodded trying to get her to start doing the same thing for her date.

Perhaps, Carol thought, if she just started, her body would catch up. She reached out and started to rub the front of Tony's jeans. As Stephanie stroked the shaft of David's penis, he began to pull his pants down farther. Carol could feel the hard bulge under the rough fabric. Tony's cock was at attention. Not really knowing what to do, she tried to mimic Steph's movements only wasn't doing to well. 

Then, without a word, Tony undid his pants and stopping her for a moment, yanked them roughly to his knees. His Cock stood straight up, it was circumcised and surrounded at the base by a healthy patch of hair that seemed to just be the meeting point between his leg hair and his stomach hairs. Daunted for a moment, Carol just looked at the engorged member. It was about six inches long, but not as thick as ones she had seen in her dad's porno movies that she had stolen a look at. She started over, reaching over and rubbing her palm across the head. Then she wrapped her fingers around it and began to stroke it up and down. Stephanie looked over her shoulder, David's head was back, his eyes closed. Carol smiled at the other girl, and watched in amazement as her friend switched hands, licked her palm, leaving a large amount of saliva on it and then switched back. She indicated with another nod that Carol should do the same. She did and found the wet hand to be much easier to stroke with. 

Stephanie looked back at her date and then leaned over, licking the head of his cock as she stroked it. Then in a single deft move she took it into her mouth and began sucking on it. Her right hand seeming to feed her mouth while it held his cock steady and acted as the guide for her lips. Her head bobbed up and down as she made noisy wet sucking sounds. 
