 The First Taste is Free

The Pixie Chix - Tales of a Lesbian Vampire

Episode 1

Snow

A TWIG SNAPPED.

Felicia stopped, waiting for the sound to repeat.

Nothing.

She scanned the forest in front of her, trees standing spindly and lifeless in the cold, winter air. It was a dark night, with the only light coming from the stars, but Felicia could still see well enough. There was nothing ahead of her.

That thought lingered in her mind. There's nothing ahead of me.

She looked back the way she had come and could just barely see the distant town of Ammathelene peeking through the trees. From here it wasn't much more than a dull orange glow; everyone was inside, close to a fire, trying to keep warm.

And there's nothing behind me.

Except hunger, no matter where I go.

She started walking again. With each step her feet sank into the snow, leaving a series of easily seen footsteps behind her. They didn't remain for long, however, as the snow gradually rebounded to fill the indentations. The spell to hide her trail wasn't exactly easy, but after using it so often for the past few years, casting it had become almost as natural as breathing. She didn't think anyone was hunting her at the moment, but that didn't mean she could relax her guard.

The thought of being hunted made her stop and look around again. There was still nothing in sight and, matching the stillness of the winter air, nothing was moving. Even the slightest hint of activity would stand out, like blood on snow.

No, it would be stupid to hunt her tonight. Really, it was stupid to hunt her any night, but they had tried a few times before so she had to stay vigilant.

She glanced back in the direction of Ammathelene, but it was no longer visible. Even so, a wave of hunger washed over her.

Keep walking. Don't think about it.

She started moving and the hunger faded. The hunger for blood, anyway.

For the second time in her life as a vampire, Felicia hadn't fed in almost two weeks. The first time had begun a month ago when she resolved to stop drinking blood for as long as she could. It had not been a pleasant test, but she had resisted for eight days before discovering an unexpected side effect: she became horny, unbelievably horny, so much so that her need for sex began to overwhelm her need for blood.

If she were not Z'eph then that wouldn't have posed much of a problem, as there never seemed to be a lack of men looking for an easy fuck. But in a town such as Ammathelene, finding a woman with similar inclinations was far more difficult.

Felicia cursed silently to herself. So many things were better in the city, Finding a woman was never a problem there.

That was always the trick: identifying other Z'eph. In smaller towns Felicia had visited, they did nothing to stand out, as if they were all in hiding. But for whatever reason, City Z'eph were much more open and much easier to find. And once Felicia found such a woman, the end result was inevitable.

No one resists a vampire.

Sadly, Felicia needed to avoid cities right now. The King had placed a bounty on vampires, and it seemed that everyone was watching everyone else, looking for signs of vampirism and hoping to make a few easy gold pieces. Felicia was adept at hiding herself, but in the city there were just too many chances to make mistakes.

Out here the frenzy was muted. The "Vampire Menace" wasn't something that anyone cared about and many didn't even believe that vampires existed in the first place.

Which made it the perfect place for Felicia to spend the winter. People to feed on were relatively easy to find, and as long as she didn't actually kill anyone, no one seemed likely to discover what she was. There was always the chance of random vampire hunters making an appearance, but she hadn't seen one in months.

Really, her only problem with living in Ammathelene, was that she could find no one to fuck.

Then she had met Erynthia, a young woman who tended a clothing shop in the day, and served drinks at a small tavern at night. From the first moment that Felicia walked into the clothing shop it was obvious that Erynthia was Z'eph, and it took an extreme act of willpower for Felicia to resist seducing her on the spot.

Impulsive vampires are dead vampires.

So she spoke calmly with Erynthia, showed a moderate amount of interest in her, found out where she worked in the evening, then departed. Overwhelmed by lust, Felicia somehow survived the rest of the day and evening, waiting to visit The Drunken Duck only a few minutes before it closed. The relief in Erynthia's eyes when she saw Felicia was obvious; she was already under the vampire's spell. Felicia had a single glass of wine, then the tavern closed and Erynthia lead her upstairs, to a small room where the woman lived.

When the door closed behind them Felicia lost control. Within moments she had Erynthia's blouse off and was sucking her breasts hungrily. The woman had large breasts that felt warm and heavy in Felicia's hands, with tiny nipples that nevertheless became hard as the vampire flicked her tongue over them. Surprisingly soon though, Felicia found herself needing to move on. Normally she adored breasts, especially ones as large as these, but she felt compelled to move lower.

She pulled Erynthia's pants off, more violently than intended. Something made a ripping sound, and the clasp popped off, flying through the air to land on a nearby dresser. Then she pushed Erynthia back onto her bed, her legs hanging over the edge, her feet still on the floor.

Felicia dropped to her knees, pushing the woman's legs apart so that she had an unrestricted view of Erynthia's pussy. Again, Felicia normally liked to take her time, study the pussy in front of her, wrap herself in thoughts of what the soft outer lips would feel like on her tongue, of what the first moment she sank her tongue in the wetness would taste like. But that wasn't going to happen tonight. She moved closer, took hold of Erynthia's wet pussy lips with her fingers, pulled the soft, slick folds apart, and dove in.

Calmness washed over Felicia as her tongue entered the woman's pussy. Calmness tinged with the realization that, as soon as she had satisfied her need to eat pussy, she was going to need blood. Erynthia was just too warm and too close for Felicia to resist.

But not yet. While she still had her tongue inside Erynthia she was content. She wasn't in a hurry anymore; she could relax and enjoy.

Plus, Felicia felt that it was only fair to make Erynthia come a few times.

Which wasn't difficult. The woman's body seemed to have no resistance to the vampire's talents. She came quickly and easily, many times, before falling asleep.

And then Felicia climbed slowly on top of Erynthia. The woman's eyes were closed in blissful satisfaction and she didn't react.

As gently as she could, Felicia sunk her teeth into the woman's neck.

Erynthia moaned, almost as she had when Felicia's tongue entered her pussy, then relaxed and fell asleep.

The blood felt strange. It was the same temperature as Erynthia's pussy juices, but thicker and not as slippery. It felt somehow more substantial; Felicia felt like she had eaten dessert first and was now moving on to the main course.

When she was done, she stood up and adjusted Erynthia's legs so that she was lying fully on her bed. Felicia arranged her sleeping form to be comfortable, covered her with a blanket and departed.

Felicia's body had been replenished, but her soul was filled with regret.

Girl

NOW IT WAS thirteen nights later, and she hadn't fed since. She had seen Erynthia from afar a couple times, but of course the woman didn't remember that night. Unless Felicia took special precautions, her victims would never remember. Nevertheless, Felicia had avoided her and done her best not to attract her attention in any way. It was dangerous to feed on the same person more than once.

Which wasn't a problem—until tonight. Now she desperately wanted to taste Erynthia's pussy again. And she knew that if she did, that she wouldn't be able to resist drinking her blood as well.

Which is why I'm out here, alone, in the forest.

It was much easier out here. In town it was too easy to think of Erynthia's wetness, and even if she kept her distance, there were still all the other warm bodies nearby. She might be able to resist going to The Drunken Duck, and she might be able to resist drinking from any of the other people that crossed her path, but she was reaching her breaking point. At some point, if temptation was near, her resolve would crumble and she would find her tongue inside some other woman and her teeth in her neck.

At least out here I can resist. For how long, I don't know.

It hadn't always been like this. At first she had loved being a vampire. For decades she had revelled in the rush of power that feeding brought to her and delighted in all the ways that vampirism enhanced her life. She was stronger and faster. She could see every detail of the world with clear eyes and hear tiny sounds of such immense beauty that no mortal could hope to perceive. And she was beyond the control of anyone; there were no hunters back then. She felt that she could do what she wanted, whenever she wanted.

But she needed to feed, and at first she needed to hurt and sometimes destroy. Early in her life as a vampire she felt justified, that she was a goddess and all the lesser folk should willingly give themselves to her. That feeling had faded. Now she knew that she was nothing better than a thief.

At least she wasn't a killer anymore; she had learned how to avoid taking lives while feeding. Even so, she had the sneaking suspicion that she wasn't just stealing blood from her victims, but some of their life too.

She needed to stop, but didn't know how.

If I were smart, I'd let the hunters catch me.

Thoughts like that were becoming too common these days.

Suddenly, she noticed someone standing in the trees ahead of her. They found me!

No, she could identify a hunter on sight, and this person wasn't one of them. It was just a woman, or maybe even a girl, standing perfectly still and staring back at her.

Felicia slowed, but kept walking toward the woman. There was a definite argument to be made for turning away, as nothing good ever came of meeting strange people in the dark; vampires knew that better than anyone. As always though, curiosity got the better of her. Who is she? Is she waiting for me? How did she know I'd be here?

Plus, as much as Felicia didn't want to admit it, she was hungry and that gave her an extra push forward.

I'm not going to feed. I'm not going to feed. I'm not going to feed.

If she said that enough, it might come true.

Well then, maybe I could just taste her. I'm sure this time I could stop at that.

No, I couldn't.

She had covered about half the distance to the woman now, enough to make out some details. They were confusing.

The woman didn't belong in the same forest as Felicia, didn't belong in the same forest as a moody, possibly even suicidal vampire, didn't belong any place where serious, depressing thoughts existed.

She was short, with pale white skin and bright rosy cheeks. Her clothing gave the impression of being for winter, but as Felicia got closer she realized that there was no possible way the clothing would keep anyone warm, especially on a frightfully cold night such as this. Her long coat was made of leather and dyed a deep shade of blue. It had a hood lined with white fur, but the woman wasn't using it, leaving exposed her long, straight blonde hair. The coat itself, if it were thicker, might possibly have been warm, but it was thin and clung closely to the woman's shape, accentuating her curves before flaring out at her hips in the manner of a skirt. On her legs she wore white stockings that blended into the snow behind her, and black shoes that were little more than slippers as they barely reached her ankles.

Felicia's own clothing was merely for show as well, but it was still warm and functional. Not because she had any need for protection from the cold, but because she needed to blend in with everyone else. Walking around naked in the middle of winter just attracted too much attention.

This woman apparently didn't fear the cold either, but she was no vampire. Felicia was sure of that.

So what is she then?

The woman was watching Felicia, her eyes wide and expressive, filled with bright expectation, her lips pink and glossy, perfect for both kissing and pouting.

No, she definitely doesn't belong in a cold, dark forest with the likes of me. She belongs in a field of pink daisies, where birds perch on her shoulder and sing sweet songs and her biggest worry is what kind of candy to have for dinner.

In short, she was cute.

Unbearably cute.

Felicia found herself growing irritated, even angry. How can I be expected to think serious, sombre thoughts with this... delightful creature standing before me?

The anger within her shifted. Like every other thought these days, it became tinged with lust.

She's here, waiting for me. What possible reason could there be, other than to satisfy my needs?

That was the old Felicia talking. The vampire. The part of herself that she hated.

Even so, Felicia didn't know if she could hold herself back. The woman was too cute, too close and Felicia was too hungry. She wasn't even sure what she wanted anymore: pussy or blood.

The woman licked her lips nervously, making them moist and a darker shade of red. Then she spoke, her voice lively and eager. "You're Felicia?"

The woman's voice was a surprise, as was the fact that she knew Felicia's name. "Uh, yes."

"Felicia the vampire?"

Felicia's muscles tensed, preparing to run, or to fight. This isn't good. She's definitely not a hunter... but that doesn't mean she isn't dangerous. Maybe she's bait, meant to distract me from the real threat. Felicia looked around again and listened with all her senses for any sign that someone else might be near, but there was nothing.

"I'm alone, don't worry," the woman said.

Felicia looked at her again. There was something... not wrong, but strange about the woman. Even calling her a woman felt odd. She certainly looked old enough to be a woman. If she were human Felicia would guess that she was about 25 years old, but her voice and facial expressions made her seem so much younger. She had such an air of innocence and naivety that 'girl' seemed so much more accurate.

On the other hand, she was so vibrantly sexual that Felicia felt like a virgin in comparison.

She tried to force that out of her mind. "You're alone?" Felicia said. "Are you sure that's wise?"

The girl just gave her a questioning look.

"I mean," Felicia explained, "do you think it's wise to be alone with someone you think is a vampire?"

The girl smiled. "You won't hurt me."

"A hungry vampire..." Felicia added.

The girl took a moment to process that, then smiled demurely. "There are better things for you to do than hurt me."

Pixie

FELICIA AGREED WHOLEHEARTEDLY, but nevertheless the statement worried her. There were people whose lifelong dream was to fuck a vampire and Felicia avoided them on general principle; they were easy prey, but their stupidity left a bad taste in her mouth.

The girl clasped her hands behind her back, waiting for a response. The motion had the bonus effect of causing her chest to thrust out slightly, which drew Felicia's gaze.

"Do you like my breasts?"

The question startled Felicia and she couldn't think of an appropriate response. Instead she found herself studying the girl's breasts, trying to imagine what they might look like unfettered by clothing. The way they pushed against the material suggested they really didn't like being confined.

Noting Felicia's continued interest, the girl raised herself onto her toes, thrusting out her chest still more in the process, then dropped back down. "Later on you'll get to see them," she said quietly, as if revealing a secret.

Felicia pulled her eyes upward. "What?"

The girl leaned forward. "You'll get to see my breasts," she said, now almost whispering. "All you have to do is agree."

Felicia felt a pang of annoyance; she could see the girl's breasts anytime she wanted to, and there was nothing the girl could do to stop her.

She shook herself. That's the vampire talking. I must resist. Through clenched teeth she said, "Agree to what?"

The girl must have perceived that something was wrong. She pulled back, her cheeks reddening even more. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that."

"Why not?" Felicia said, trying to sound curious rather than intimidating. "What do you want me to agree to?"

The girl shook her head. "No, it's not for me to say."

"Say what? Who is it for to say?"

The girl considered the question very seriously then shook her head again. "No, I can't tell you. You'll just need to follow me. It's not far. She'll tell you."

Felicia sighed. "I don't suppose it's worth asking who 'she' is."

"Why, Ariel, of course!"

"Ariel?"

The girl looked shocked. "You don't know who Ariel is?"

Felicia scoured her memory, trying to think of a famous woman named Ariel. "The only Ariel I've ever heard of is the Pixie Goddess."

"Yes! That's her!"

"What?"

"That's her! The Goddess Ariel!"

"A Goddess? Here? You're taking me to see a Goddess?"

"Yes!"

Felicia was dumbstruck. What did one say to that? Was she really supposed to believe that a Goddess was nearby and waiting to talk to her?

"You should follow me," the girl said, turning to go in the direction Felicia was originally walking anyway.

Felicia finally managed to speak. "So you're a Pixie then?"

The girl gave her an exasperated look. "Well... duh!"

Now things started to make sense: her unbearable cuteness, her inadequate clothing, and her excessively bright and eager personality.

Pixies were, not to put too fine a point on it, pleasure whores. They loved food, adored candy, and were unabashedly crazy about sex. They spent their lives absorbing every speck of pleasure around them, and more than that, they delighted in sharing their pleasure with others.

They were also notoriously reclusive. Not because they disliked or wished to avoid outsiders, but simply because they couldn't blend with normal, everyday society. Pixies just want to fuck, tease, eat and play. In a fantasy world that might seem like a wonderful thing, but in reality their desires just brought chaos and disruption to all around them. Wherever they went, rampant jealously would inevitably follow and communities were known to break apart from their mere presence.

Felicia's spine tingled. Looking at the girl before her, so cute and innocent, it was almost hard to imagine her as a lustful and promiscuous creature, much less one that could cause so much trouble.

The Pixie bounced again, trying to call attention to her breasts again, but this time Felicia's eyes were drawn to the Pixie's face. Her expression was easy to read: don't you want to fuck me?

Felicia gave her a smouldering look. The Pixie, more than she could possibly understand, was playing with fire.

Two minutes ago I was thinking about letting the hunters catch me. Now I'm thinking about pushing this Pixie down, ripping off her clothes and fucking her in the snow.

The image floated in her mind. The Pixie lying naked, her pale skin blending with the snow, her nipples bright red and erect with cold and excitement, eager to be sucked.
