 I stood in front of my bathroom mirror applying my makeup, I knew this evening had to be perfect, we had been seeing each other for some time now and we had done everything but have sex. I could barely touch you, or be touched by you before I was so turned on I couldn't stand. 

Tonight we had both decided it was time. While I wasn't a virgin to the love of women you were and I wanted tonight to be something you'd look back on and smile with sweet recollection. 

I finished with my makeup and put on my dress. It was a short black dress with a modest neckline but a plunging back. It was sleeveless, and flowing. It had always been my favorite. I picked you up about seven, you were so gorgeous in your dress, I could see the small flush on your cheeks through out the night, I loved how shy you were. 

You kept your head down during dinner barely looking at me. We went dancing at the local ball room and you kept your head on my shoulder still not looking at me. I held you close, i wanted you to be reassured. I let you know all night that this didn't have to happen if you didn't want it. You were adamant and finally shut me up by asking if I really wanted it or if I was trying to get out of it. You always did know how to shut me up. 

We went back to my house and I put a blind fold on you before letting you in the house. I made you stay in the living room while I went to my bedroom. I lit all the soft candles around my room. They were all lilac candles, my favorite scent. I did have some unscented candles so that you wouldn't be overpowered by the scent. I still wanted to smell your gorgeous body. 

I went out and pulled you into my room, I made you stand with your eyes blindfolded while I told you of every piece of clothing I took off. I could see your breath hitch at every piece of clothing that hit the floor. As I took my panties off I didn't put them on the floor but instead in your hand. I wanted you to feel how wet I was, I was shocked however when you brought them up to your nose to smell. You let out a breathy moan as you dropped the panties to the floor and took a blind step in my direction. 

I halted you with my hands and started slowly stripping you, kissing every free piece of skin I could reach. I kissed each hip and each thigh as I gently pulled down your panties. You stepped out of them and I was assaulted with your smell. I was in heaven and was so close to taking you with my mouth when I heard you whimpered and I realized I had to go slow. 

I stood back up and took your blind fold off letting it drift softly to the floor. You looked around at the darkened room glowing slightly with the candles that were lit across the room, you glanced a little fearfully at my king sized bed with a soft lilac colored comforter and cream silk sheets. You looked back at me, you breath catching as you looked over my naked body. 

I gave you a reassuring hug, that wasn't so reassuring as it was a turn on. Our breasts pressed together, erect nipples teasing each other. Your mound rubbing against mine. I kissed you deeply getting a moan from deep in your throat. 

I smiled at you as you finally looked me in the eye for the first time that night. I saw all the lust and love and desire in your eyes and I had to have you. I led you over to the bed and laid you in the center. I laid beside you on my side facing you. You turned on your side too and just looked at me. I could see the desire in your eyes and I could barely breath when those eyes met mine. 

I ran my hands over your body as I pulled you in for a deep kiss, I loved the taste of your mouth on mine. It was like ambrosia. I deepened the kiss and laid you back on your back so I could get at you better. I moved over top of you on my knees straddling you as I ran my hands over your silky skin. My hands ran up and down your arms, then back up and over your shoulders. I ran my mouth down your chin to your neck as my hands moved lower and found purchase on your aching breasts. 

You pushed your chest into my hands and I teased the nipples, pinching and tugging and then running my palms over them, squeezing and caressing your breasts. I left small marks along your neck to show the world you belonged to me, just as much as I belonged to you. I sucked and nipped at your neck hearing your moans spurred me on. I sucked on the pulse point at the base of your neck as you cried out in pleasure. I loved hearing any and all sounds you made and I sucked on it again. I wanted to hear your voice more than anything. 

My hands moved down your sides caressing the curves I found there, I loved curves on a woman more than anything and I ran my hands up and down them. I left wet sloppy kisses from your neck down the valley between your breasts and then over to one nipple which I sucked into my mouth. You cried out arching your back into my mouth, I took as much of your beautiful breast as I could into my warm mouth sucking on it, loving the feel of it. I switched breasts and did the same to the other until you were whimpering in pleasure. 

You were so close, I could feel it. I backed off, wanting your juices to flow into my mouth when you came. I wanted to taste you and I wanted you to feel the pleasure of a tongue your first time. I went down, leaving wet kisses along your body, slipping my tongue into your belly button before moving back down. 

You opened your legs for me as I settled in between them. I put each leg over my shoulder and kissed the inside of each thigh before running my tongue over your lips. Your hips surged towards me but I held you down with one arm. My hand opened your pussy lips and I could hear you whimper. I looked up your body to see your head thrown back and a look of pleasure on your face, but I wanted more, I wanted your eyes. 

"Watch me baby." Your eyes locked on mine as my tongue snaked out of my mouth and took a long swipe at your clit. I heard your cry and I looked up into pleading eyes begging for release. I put one then two then three fingers inside of you, pumping slowly as I took your clit into my mouth and sucked on it. I felt you start to ride me, faster and faster until your body went rigid. 

You looked directly into my eyes conveying the pleasure you were feeling before closing them in a mind blowing orgasm. You arched up throwing your head back and screaming out my name to the heavens. I experienced my own orgasm as I lay there tasting your juices as they flowed into my mouth. I hummed into your clit as my pleasure took over my body. I felt you orgasm again as the vibrations from me went through your clit. 

I heard you whimper above me and looked up. You were laying in a boneless heap on the bed, sweat glistening all over your beautiful body. I crawled up your body and laid down next to you pulling your panting body to mine and laying your head on my shoulder. "I love you, now sleep sweetheart." I felt a soft kiss to my heart before you drifted off into the arms of Morpheus.