 When Catherine climbed into be with me that night and took me in her arms it felt so natural, she kissed me and caressed me like I'd never been caressed before. Her fingertips danced all over my body, evoking sounds from me that I never knew were inside me. I do remember I cried a lot, not the teary kind but the cries of pleasure as she brought me time and time again. Her hunger for me showed in her passion as she too added her cries to mine as we sweated and slithered against each other.

I awoke the next morning to see her standing over me placing a cup of tea on the bedside table. I sat up feeling fully refreshed probably for the first time in my life. I'd had a deep fitful sleep, no dreams just oblivion and once awake felt so refreshed. She stood there smiling down at me with that sweet smile I'd come to love, her eyes showing her happiness. I don't remember exactly what was said but it went something like this:

"Good morning Miss," she called me 'Miss' for the first time that morning "did I please you last night?" I just smiled at her in response as she went on to thank me for letting her love me. I had that need to pee forcing me to get out of bed, she gave me a big hug and kiss but I had to go and ran naked to the bathroom to relieve myself. It was chilly in the bathroom, (no central heating in those days) so I just did my business and returned to the warmth of the bedroom, the gas fire must have been on all night, I sat on the bed to drink my tea. She removed her housecoat and handed it to me saying, "here put this on" then got a pair of slippers from her closet and placed them on my feet.

She asked me how I liked my eggs, then slipped a sweater over her head that came down to her hips, and hurried out to make breakfast. On the way from the bathroom I'd noticed she had started a nice fire burning in the living room, and picking up my cup of tea, went out and sat in an easy chair by the fireplace. She got things going then returned to pour me more tea, still smiling at me with those sexy eyes and captivating smile of hers saying something like, "thank you thank you" Mairi, you made me so happy last night, it was such a pleasure, I do love you."

I can't describe how good I felt, 'contented' is probably a better word as I relaxed in front of the fire that was crackling away, and she returned to the kitchen to fix breakfast, and when it was ready brought it to me on a tray, bacon and eggs with toast and jam. I was starving and after wolfing it down with lots of tea felt much better.

After I'd eaten, Catherine took the tray from me to the kitchen and returned to sit across from me. With just that sweater and slippers on her nakedness didn't bother her at all, and as chatted she called me, 'Miss' a couple of times. She asked if I wanted to go at which I said "no," that unless she wanted to get rid of me I was quite happy to stay. She just beamed at that and asked if there was anything I would like to do that day, but I couldn't think of anything to say. Suddenly as if she just thought of a miracle said, "would you like a bath dear" and I nodded my head so she disappeared to run the tub and turn on the heater in the bathroom.

It was one of those old fashioned cast iron free standing bathtubs with the claw feet, and once it was ready she came and got me, took her housecoat off me and I got in the hot soapy water, it was piping hot and smelled of fragrance and worried she said, "is it too hot" but I didn't answer, just slowly sank in the the water up to my chin and soaked as my body adjusted to the temperature. Catherine removed her sweater so as not to get it wet, and kneeling by the tub took a sponge and soap and started to bathe me. I couldn't remember the last time I was bathed like that.

I invited her to get in the tub with me, placing my legs over the edge to give her some room, and just soaked and watched as she washed herself then sat there, (the taps were in her way). During all this we chatted, not at all shy at each others nakedness, in fact I enjoyed looking at her body close up like that, as I said she was a lot more 'rubenesque' than me, and like most women in those days we both had hairy armpits as well as a full 'bush' round our vagina's.

Letting the water out of the tub I stayed there as she got out and dried herself, then I got onto my hands and knees and she washed and shampooed my hair, then getting out and she toweled it dry. With a towel wrapped around my head like a turban, we went back to her bedroom where she finished the job with her hair dryer and hairbrush. The whole house was nice and cosy by this time and she offered to give me a massage, I'd never had a massage in my life before, don't think I knew what it was so didn't know what to expect, particularly when she got out a little copper dish, poured some oil in it then lit a candle underneath it to warm it up.

She got me to lie on the bed and started with my shoulders, it was wonderfully relaxing as her hands slithered and groped all over me slowly down to my toes, then had me turn over so she could do my front. It was so erotic as she did my tits, the warm oil making her hands so slippery getting me so aroused she smiled knowing her fingers were doing what was wanted.

Moving down in that slow measured way her hands encircled my vulva, I had my legs wide open to accommodate her but she massaged me just above my clitoris with her fingertips in my pubic hair, then round the opening to move on to my thighs, then legs to my feet again. I was so high by this time I was massaging my own tits as she brought me on, then knowing what I needed she leaned down to kiss and lick my mound.

I placed the soles of my feet flat on the bed and lifted my arse up to meet her tongue as she sucked and licked my clitoris, probing my cunt with her tongue. Looking down as she did this I could see her eyes smiling at me over my pubic hair. After a most powerful orgasm it was followed by a couple more, it was just so erotic I cried out with the pleasure of it as the adrenalin pumped through my body. Hardly able to breathe never mind talk, I patted the bed beside me to indicate I wanted her to join meShe got up and turned round so her head was between my thighs and my head was on her thigh, and I recall smelling the soap just before my mouth closed on her vagina.

This was the first time I'd tasted a woman's pussy, it was a little surprising, salty and a bit bitter, but not too unpleasant as my tongue found the opening and her clitoris. We indulged each other in the '69' position, the very first time for me, and enjoyed each other for quite some time till exhausted we finally lay together, enjoying just holding each other and kissing.

It was getting late in the afternoon and she suggested taking me out for supper, so we freshened up and I watched as she got dressed. First her stockings, not the most attractive but rather cheap ones held up with rubber bands above her knees. She was going to put on a girdle but I asked her not too, so she just put on a clean pair of bloomers then her bra followed by her dress. Mentally I thought "that's got to change, I must get her to wear more modern clothes" as she put on her dress. I got dressed in the clothes I'd wore the night before, only as my knickers were a little smelly decided to leave them off, although she did offer to let me wear a pair of her underwear.

That night in my room I slept fitfully and was up bright and early to go to work. I felt on top of the world and at work the next day my coworkers noticed the difference in me making comments like, "my you're in a good mood," or "who's the lucky guy?" things like that to embarrass me, but it was all in good fun. If only they knew the 'lucky guy' was a female I don't know what they might have thought.

I want to change the subject here to explain how I found out some information that I would find useful in the future, if Catherine and I were to continue to have an affair:

The only real close friend I had in the city at that time was Susan, Sue was the older sister of a school chum back home and when I first arrived at 19, she would have been around 22 or 23. She was good to me then, let me stay at her room for a couple of weeks, gave me cigarettes until I found a job in a Fish and Chip Shop and could afford my own room. We would hang out together going to dances, and double dating etc.

She found sex to be more profitable than working in a chip shop and soon quit and became a prostitute. She was very good looking and did quite well at it, and soon could afford her own Flat and a telephone. After I relocated to a better part of the city and found a nicer job in a proper restaurant, we kept in touch and I'd visit her on occasion.

So on that Monday I was on a high after my weekend with Catherine, I called her and she invited me over for a visit. Because of what she'd done for me when I first arrived I often felt in her debt, so I picked up a bottle of whiskey and a couple of packs of smokes and went over to her Flat. She was always glad to see me as she could also confide in me too. Once she had a few drinks in her she would tell me about her experiences with certain clients, as she'd tell me about their 'quirks' and fetishes etc., and we would have a good laugh about it.

This particular night I happened to ask had she ever had a female client. She laughed at this saying, "sure" lots of times, and went on to tell me how they were better clients than men, they didn't haggle over her prices and often would tip her too for 'special' services. I asked if they were 'queers,' and she told me not necessarily, often they would be married and just needed sexual gratification, that they didn't want to do it with other men as they felt that would be cheating on their husbands. Also she said they were the only clients she would invite to her Flat, as besides the sex women were more social than men.

I asked her about the queers, how could you tell if a woman was one and at this she laughed, saying you couldn't always tell, then gave me the names of a few bars and lounges in the city where they would hang out. This was a relief to me as I wondered about Catherine's attention to me when we were in public, so I decided to check out these places to see for myself what they were like.

So now back to my invite to her house again for supper: 

When I got off work on the Wednesday, I hurried home, why I don't know as I had lots of time to get ready. I took a bath, and missed the lots of hot water she had at her house, there was not much hot water in the rooming house where I was boarding, so my 'bath' was more like a sponge bath in about 6 inches of warm water.

Now I have to tell you a little bit of my ego here, I had been dressing more conservative in public lately as I told you, but this was different as I would be going to her house and we would not be going out after, so I didn't need to worry about what to wear in public, yet wanted to put on some nice things. I remember clearly to this day what I wore as it was deliberate, like a return to the slutty way I used to dress for Robert at times.

Thanks to him, I had a nice collection of lacy undies he liked to see me in, and feeling daring decided to put on a bright red lacy outfit with an under sling bra that left my nipples exposed, and a red low cut satin blouse tucked into a somber black pencil skirt with a vent at the back, that came to a few inches above my knees, but would let lots of thigh show when I sat down. I wore a pair of black nylons and after I put them on and checked in the mirror to adjust the seams to straighten them.

I loved the look and feel of them, they were shear and black thanks to Robert's generosity, and with my feet in my stiletto heels I checked myself in the mirror, turning round and thought my throat looked too bare, and with a double strand necklace and matching ear rings finished how I looked. I remember as my ego wanted me to look good for her, and knowing Catherine's rather dull clothing styles, wondered if it was too much that I might shock her, but decided my skirt was proper enough I could get away with it.

Finally it was time to go and slipping into my coat grabbed my handbag and left to catch a bus to where she lived. She welcomed me as expected with a big hug and kiss, and taking my coat hung it up then commented on my, "looking good." There was a nice fire burning in the fireplace, and the table was already set for dinner, with two candles on the table. She closed the drapes for privacy, which darkened the room such that the glow from the fire and candles made it very intimate.

She offered me a glass of wine and continued seeing to the meal as we chatted in between, she seemed to 'scurry' back and forth to the kitchen. She looked good wearing a more 'normal' dress that left her throat and upper chest exposed, when she had a moment to sit across from me in her other easy chair, she thanked me again for coming and told me how beautiful I looked, and how she thought about me day and night, and wanted things to be prefect for me. If there was anything I didn't like or care for to let her know and she would do what she could to fix it.

This was kind of embarrassing for me so I told her not to be foolish or something like that, that I was pleased she'd asked me to supper, not sure what I said really, so when she headed for the kitchen to check on supper I felt relieved. She had me sit at the head of the table in an arm chair she called a 'captains chair' for some reason, and it was a lovely meal washed down with some wine.

She started to open up to me about her life in Rhodesia, and how she had been sent 'home' to Scotland when her lesbian relationship with a black woman was found out, and the 'Company', (It was a family business but she always referred to it as the 'company') owned the house and she could live there as long as she didn't disgrace the family name. She laughed at that and sounded quite bitter, finally telling me she wanted me to know all about her so there would be no 'surprises' later.

Sitting side by side on her sofa after supper and she took out a photo album and showed me some pictures of friends of hers in Rhodesia, including her lover and her (lovers) family as well as her own. After we sat quiet for a bit she didn't say anything, I wondered if she had regrets telling me what she did about her life in Rhodesia, so I put an arm around her and gave her a hug and when she turned to me there were tears in her eyes as I kissed her. We held it for some time and I felt her loosen up as if relieved to have finally confessed, and her arm came around hugging me then whispered something like, "please please let me love you, I want to so much, you can do what you want with me" or words to that effect.

We continued to kiss and pet one another getting more passionate, and as my arousal grew I got more aggressive forcing her back into the cushions, pressing my face into her as hard as I could forcing my tongue deep into her mouth. The harder I pushed myself onto her, the more she seemed to come alive. I wanted to get at her tits but her stupid dress wouldn't let me. So after crushing them through her clothes moved my hand down below and pushed her dress up and felt her crotch through her drawers. She opened her legs as wide as she could to accommodate my hand, she was so wet it was driving me crazy as I stroked her pussy through the material of her bloomers.

Sitting back I undid my blouse and threw it off, she caught her breath and climbing up onto her knees leaned over me to kiss and caress my tits. With the little bra I was wearing it didn't take much to pop them out of their holders, so now they were hers to caress. She certainly knew how to tease, bringing me to a high with her fingertips till I was begging her to suck them. When she finally let me have my orgasm I called out enjoying the sensations and held onto her till the wave of pleasure subsided. Now she was lying on top of me, making me aware of the softness of her boobs as my hand found the zipper of her dress and undid it, and sitting up removed it. 

Lying partially on top and beside me like that all she had on was a chemise, bloomers and stockings, I found that to be particularly erotic as we kissed. She whispered, "you can do what you want with me" and I needed no second urging. I was rough as I grabbed and squeezed her tits, enjoying the sounds of pleasure she was emitting as my fingers worked their magic through the material of her chemise. Moving my hand over her cotton bloomers she lifted a leg over mine to give me easy access to her crotch.

She was wet there, so wet the material was soaked and there was no objection as I pushed the waist of her bloomers down over her hip so I could finger her pussy. It was so slippery she clutched my shoulders bringing her head up to kiss me moaning as I slipped my fingers inside and pressed my thumb on her clit. She was so wet it was amazing and the feelings surging through her were awesome, transmitting her pleasures to my body, something that's hard for me to describe.

Finally we rested and I let her go and rolled onto my back and she got down onto her knees on the floor, her fingers working their magic on my body as she stroked and caressed to bring me to a new high. She was tireless as she brought my body alive giving me sensations I was beginning to become aware of. Unzipping my skirt she pulled it off me followed by my knickers, now I was totally exposed for her to, 'drink from my well' (as she called it) licking and began sucking on my cunt and clit. She could 'read' my body so as to not only give me incredible orgasms, but to make me want more.

After we rested we got up and headed to her bedroom, there I removed her bloomers and chemise, then pushing her stockings down below her knees, I noticed the red sort of grove left by her garter, it seemed to take away from the whiteness of her skin and I recall wondering why she didn't use a garter belt, just something I noticed that I would correct later.

It seemed all she wanted to do was please me in any way she could, she was an awesome lover and I was now 'hooked' as a 'queer', as we called lesbians in those days.

In the morning she drove me back to my flat first so I could change for work, then dropped me off at the restaurant.