 "It was after I moved here to live with aunt Jen and uncle Frank," Marnie said in answer to my question, "I had a birthday party and Megan, from across the street, spent the night with me."

"Megan? Megan Childs?" I sought to clarify. I had asked Marnie who her 'first' was, not expecting it to be my across-the-street neighbor's daughter, little Miss Oh-So-Prissy.

"Good pussy, by the way, but waaaay too many fucking head-games with that crazy bitch," Marnie clarified further,"and, looking back on it now, I'd bet that I wasn't Megan's first taste of pussy."

Marnie and I were lounging on my back deck, she having come over on the pretense to use my computer, since theirs, next door, was down. Her aunt had called and said that they were going to run out for a bite, did Marnie want to come with them?

"No aunt Jen, just bring me back something, Okay? I really need to finish this paper," hanging up and inserting a flash-drive into a port, then pressing a key on the computer which started the printer.

"Paper finished," Marnie smirked.

"Megan was my first but I had been thinking about it long before I did anything about it," Marnie said further with no prompting from me, almost as if she 'needed' to say more.

"Guess I 'knew' when I was much younger and started getting funny feelings about some of my friends, knowing that I liked some of them a bit too much, if you know what I mean."

"I do. My first was when I was in college and I've always blamed it on the drinking we did that night, my roomie and I....but, I knew, I knew that I liked it maybe a bit too much, that maybe I 'wanted' it to happen," I confessed, and yes, it is good for the soul.

"I could blame the first time on drink, but not the second or third or the rest of the semester," I confessed further.

"First cougar?" I playfully asked. Hey, if she was dishing, I was listening.

"An art teacher at the college...took private lessons, one summer," Marnie quickly answered, then asked, "What about you? First cub?" Marnie vollied.

"You, babycakes, you were my first taste of almost-underaged pussy," I answered honestly.

"Speaking of which..." Marnie said with a leery smirk. Getting up from the deck chair, she walked confidently towards my bedroom, her tee being pulled off of her body as she did so. She didn't even ask, she just assumed that I'd want to fuck her.

Of course, she was right...

They threw me a hell of a going away party. 

It was coming up on a year since Jack died and after much soul-searching, many hours on the computer doing 'what-if' scenarios with my finances, I had decided that at thirty-four, I would retire. 

From work, not from life.

I had recommended Vicki as the logical person to handle the office and that she should be my replacement, not some unknown entity. The suits above me listened and, they agreed, awarding Vicki the position.

Interestingly enough, from the moment she bagged the promotion, her attitude towards me cooled, froze one might say. No longer was she sticking her nose up my ass at the office or burying her face in my pussy in bed.

That was okay. A bit disappointing but okay...I get it. She played the game well and for that, I salute her.

Lesson learned, though.

The other thing I had figured out during the past year? I was pretty sure that I would remain a resident of Pussyville. 

I had even tried out a few men during the past year, more of a test for me than anything else. I sucked my last cock exactly four months ago, at a New Years Eve party at the swingers club. It was good. I was fucked royally that night by a few of the guys and sucked a few cocks. All in all, not a bad way to say farewell to that part of my life.

But, at the end of the day, I truly desired women above all else. I still had Marnie, my now-twenty year-old neighbor gal as a regular sex partner. Beth and I got together quite frequently, with and without Marnie, mostly just she and I but, occasionally, with another friend of hers.

And I started going to a downtown Lez Bar to meet chicks and pick up pussy.

Women above all else, remember?

I don't want to say that I frequented the Lez lounge a 'lot' but whenever I walked in these days I was greeted with "Regular, Shari, or are you drinking something different tonight?"

I had found out during the past few months that Tuesdays and/or Wednesdays were great for meeting chicks that were in town for business reasons. Fridays were great for meeting younger-but legal- little pussies, college chicks and the like. And believe it or not, for whatever reasons, Thursdays, during the day, was prime time to hook up with married women before their kiddos came home from school.

"You going to the bar tonight?" Marnie asked between licks of my snatch.

"Thinking about it, why?" I cooed in reply, my hips moving against her mouth and tongue.

"Bring me something to eat, something for us to play with," was Marnie's not-kidding response.

Oh yeah...Marnie was now living with me, in my home. Her uncle was promoted and transferred to another city, having to move for the promotion. Marnie explained to her uncle and aunt that she wanted to go to school here, where she had started college. Much hand wringing and fretting but Jen and Frank were okay with her living with me and going to school here.

Of course, if they knew that she and I were banging each other, I'm guessing they wouldn't have been so thrilled about it.

"Any particular flavor?" I teased, my bell almost ready to be rung by Marnie's Magic Mouth.

"Nah, you know what I like," Marnie replied, "surprise me."

Lift off...damn but that girl can eat pussy.

"Mmmmmph...mmmmmoooohhh, damn...damn," Her voice cooed, the words muffled my by mouth on hers as I pressed her against the wall of the hallway that led to the bathrooms of the club.

We had been dancing for a couple of hours and drinking together at a shared table. Her name was Su, she was in town on business for a couple of days and she likes women, which is why she was at the club, duh!

"Come on, sweetie, ride with me...I'll bring you back to your rental," I coaxed, so hot for her that I thought I would burst.

"Promise?" She panted, wrapping her lips around mine afterwards, her tongue crawling down my throat.

"I promise that me and my live-in bitch will give you the night of your life," I said, my hand clutching her boob through her blouse feverishly.

"Okay....let's go...now," She suddenly said, her eyes fucking mine hard. We practically ran out of the club to my car.

"Just relax, baby, let momma play with you while I drive us home," I said soothingly as I slipped my hand down her, now, unbuttoned slacks, my fingers reaching for her pussy.

"Oh shit, that feels good, that feels soooo fucking good," Su moaned, her thighs squeezing my hand tightly as I rubbed her.

"On the way home, sweetie," I said to Marnie, using the blue-tooth device of my Beemer, "hope you like Chinese for dinner," I joked while Su just humped my hand with her eyes closed, her hands holding mine in place...

"She looks so young," Su panted in reference to Marnie, of course, who was on her knees, between Su's legs, eating Su's pussy for all she was worth.

Su was sitting on the couch of my den, her legs spread wide for Marnie while I lay across her stomach sucking on her perky Asian tits.

"Does that bother you? That she looks so young? She's almost twenty-one, but if it bothers you, I can get her to stop...just say the word," I commented, returning to suck on her tits afterwards.

"God no! No way, don't make her stop," Su replied as she moved her hand between my legs, sliding two fingers quickly into my snatch.

"Ooooh, ooooooh damn," Su cooed louder as she approached orgasm. The closer she came, the harder she fingered me, bringing me sooooo damn close a couple of time.

"Aaaaaaaaah....oooooh fuck!" Su screamed when it happened for her, her hand pulling Marnie's face hard against her humping pussy.

Marnie noisly slurped Su's juices, guttaral moans coming from her muffled mouth. Slowly, she eased her mouth from Su's well-eaten cunt, standing after a short while, then turning towards her bedroom.

"Come fuck me," Marnie commanded. Looking to each other, Su and I followed.

Marnie had me tie her to the bed, hands above the head, legs spread wide and tied to the bed. She already had the strap-on out when we joined her in the bedroom. Commanding Su to put on the dildo, she then asked me to sit on her face.

"First, my pussy, fuck my pussy," Marnie instructed Su, "then my ass, I want you to fuck me in the asmmmph," the last word in her mouth muffled by my oh-so-needful cunt on her face.

Su did as asked, fucking Marnie's cunt enough to get the dildo lubed, then lifting Marnie's ass off the bed with her hands, Su positioned the head of the dildo at Marnie's asshole.

Applying pressure with her hips, keeping the tip at the puckered hole, Su started sliding the dildo up Marnie's ass. All the while, of course, I was getting off, one after the other, as my little young GF ate me oh-so-wonderfully, while Su slammed Marnie's ass increasingly harder.

And when Marnie orgasmed, I'm sure her scream could be heard down the block.

As promised, I drove Su back to her car at the club, taking the long way so that Su could properly eat Ms. Marnie's sweet, young snatch in the back seat of my beemer. Kissing us both goodnight, morning, really, Su slipped a business card in my hand and left us. After making sure her car started and she drove off, I began the drive back to my house.

"You okay, honey?" I asked out of concern, "Did she hurt you?"

"Not enough," was Marnie's short, cryptic reply...

The next couple of weeks were uneventful, well, at least for us, it was uneventful. Marnie attended her classes dutifully, I dinked around a few self-investment sites, gaining confidence as I did, and made up some what-if spreadsheets on a few stocks I had been watching for a while.

Periodically, Marnie would bring a gal home that was closer in age to her. Most times I got to share in the fuckfest, sometimes, not. I did think, however, that I was starting to get into the 'young pussy thing' just a weeee bit too much, ya' know? I mean, nineteen and twenty year-olds are legal and all that but still, I found the ten to fifteen year age difference between them and me, well, intoxicating.

I was in my home-office working some numbers one afternoon when I heard the rumble of Marnie's Boss Mustang pulling into the garage. Returning to my computer screen, I half-listened for Marnie to enter but heard nothing. Thinking that a bit strange, I walked to the door that led into the garage, opening it slowly.

The reason I hadn't heard Marnie come in was that she was still in her car, her arms wrapped around a little chickadee from her college as they smooched it up. Smiling to myself, I silently closed the door and returned to my office, a little tingling-action going on between my legs.

"What'cha doing?" Marnie asked.

"Shit! You scared me!" I cried with my heart in my throat. It was true. I had forgotten, almost, about Marnie and her friend and didn't hear them walk in from the garage.

"Sorry," she giggled, then pulling her friend into the doorway, she said, "Shari, this is Jo...she's in my Art History class at school."

Jo and I exchanged greetings and the normal, clumsy words that one uses when meeting someone for the first time. I halfway listened to Jo and Marnie blabbering about school as I joined them in the kitchen for some ice tea, most of my attention being focused on Jo's 'sleeve' tats of her left arm. The colors were bright and attention-getting, the art-work portraying a bird of paradise rising from flames much like the mythical Phoenix.

Marnie was writing something on a slip of paper while Jo and I exchanged pleasantries, handing it to me when she was finished.

"Check this site in a few minutes...I think you'll find it interesting," Marnie said as she handed me the slip of paper, "Jo and I are going to my room for a little study session, okay? See you later?" Marnie remarked as she took Jo by the hand and led her down the hallway towards the room Marnie used to hang her clothes and, occasionally, sleep.

Mostly, she slept with me, of course.

Refilling my glass of tea, I returned to my office where I unfolded the slip of paper and saw that it contained a link to a website of some sort.

"Huh," I said aloud, my face screwed up in curiosity.

Oh, what the hell, I thought and opened up my browser, typing in the URL for the site. Quickly connecting, the screen opened to show a web-cam feed of Marnie's room, and Marnie sitting on the bed with Jo.

My eyes were staring at the screen as I slowly sipped my tea, a feeling on anticipation rising within me. No doubt, I remember thinking, that Marnie wants me to watch whatever was going to happen in her room with Jo and I was excited at that thought.

They had text books opened but both gals were paying more attention to Marnie's hands which slowly stroked Jo's arms and thighs, Jo's breathing seemingly labored, Marnie's attention to her obviously exciting her.

Removing the textbook from Jo's hands, Marnie tossed it to the floor and was on Jo so quickly, I almost missed it. Marnie had Jo on her back, their arms wrapped around each other as they kissed loudly and lustfully, each's hands frantically feeling and fondling the other, almost ripping the clothes from each other's body.

Pushing Jo against the headboard of her bed, Marnie was between Jo's wide-spread legs in a flash, low, animal-like guttural sounds coming from her muffled mouth as she fed on Jo's pussy. Jo's eyes were rolled back in her head as she whipped her head from side to side from Marnie's excellent pussy-eating, Jo's voice mewing like a small kitten.

Of course, I masturbated while watching them, my hand inside of my unbuttoned shorts, my legs stretched out in front of me as I watched their live porn-show through glazed eyes. 

I held off as long as I could but when Jo cried out as her orgasm erupted, I literally flooded my hand and fingers with my juices as I came at the same time. My breathing had almost returned to normal as I came down from my most excellent climax when the girls swung themselves into a position of sixty-nine.

Here we go again, I thought at the time and rode my fingers to another body-shaker while watching them do the same with each other...

"Liked that?" Marnie simply asked when she stepped into my shower after bringing Jo back to campus.

I was showering the sex-sweat from my masturbated body when she joined me under the steaming spray of water.

"Uh-huh," I murmurred as she pressed me against the wet wall of the enclosure, her mouth all over my body, kissing, licking and biting me to excitement all over again. Dropping to her knees, Marnie buried her face between my legs while I pressed against the shower wall, trying my damndest to not slip as I rode her tongue to the Promised Land.

Damn, but that girl can eat pussy...

"Take me with you," Marnie pleaded, "Please take me with you."

This, in response to my sudden decision to move my ass, and my life, to New Orleans, a decision based upon nothing more than a cryptic, repetitive dream I had been having for several weeks.

Crazy...I know.

"Your schooling...," I started to say but was interrupted by Marnie.

"I can transfer my credits," Marnie quickly countered, "My grades are good, any school will take me."

"Your aunt and uncle..." but, interrupted again.

"I'll be twenty-one in two months...legally, on my own...I don't need their permission," Marnie vollied, "nor their money, my trust fund kicks in on my twenty-first."

Trust fund??

"Your parents...," I tried to say.

Her face turned dark for a nano-second, her voice serious when she quickly said, "They have nothing, nothing whatsoever to do with me or my life, ever. My decisions, my choices, leave them the fuck out of this."

Well, alrighty then.

"I'll do whatever you want me to do...whenever, to whoever, I don't care as long as I'm with you, as long as we're together...please, I'm begging you...don't make me beg," Marnie cooed, her hands sliding around my body, hugging, holding tightly to me, her lips placing butterfly kisses to my upturned neck.

"Whatever?" I teased with raised eyebrow.

"Whatever...Whenever...Whoever." She replied as she traced her tongue up my neck, raising goosebumps all over me as she did, "Come on, you know how much fun you and I could have in New Orleans?..and, besides, you love having my young pussy as your playtoy."

Guilty.

It was a quandry for me, that's for sure. Don't get me wrong, its not that I didn't want Marnie to be with me...I really wanted what was best for her in the long run. 

I really cared for her, I mean, beyond her amazingly abilities in bed, I really did. That she wanted to be with me as much as she said, well, quite honestly, that was a ton of responsibility and pressure, I felt.

My decision might have seemed impetuous to most but, not to me. I had a steady stream of income sufficient to live a nice lifestyle, not including the money I was making and socking away from the self-trades I had been doing. 

I had, since Jack died, began fooling around with photography again, rediscovering my passion for telling a story with images. My 'plan' was to do so in one of the most iconic cities of our country and, hopefully, become sucessful in that endeavor.

"Road trip? Check out housing and the city?" I found myself suddenly saying, the words bringing a smile to my little Marnie's pixie-face.

Damn, but that little gal can eat pussy...

"I know what I'm doing, aunt Jen, I do...Yes, while Shari looks at houses and apartments, I'll look at a couple of the art programs down there," Marni said in a calm, controlled voice.

"What? Why would you ask that?," She suddenly 'almost-screamed', getting my attention immediately, "and if we were, why would it matter? I enjoy her company and she enjoys mine, where's the harm?"

Oh-oh, this wasn't going well I thought, ever the master of the obvious, me.

"Okay...yes, I'll tell her....yes, I love you too, aunt Jen and aunt Jen? Please, don't worry, I'll be fine, I really will, okay?" Marnie said in a calmer voice, "Call you when we get to the city," ending the call right afterwards.

She was silent for a bit, as if thinking things over, thinking things through, eventually turning to face me, sitting at the kitchen counter.

"Aunt Jen said to tell you to take care of me, make sure I finish my schooling," Marnie said as she sat next to me.

"And?" I pushed.

"And she suspects that something 'funny' might be going on with you and I," Marnie continued, "but respects that we're both adults."

Busted! I guess...yeah, probably so.

"Sweetie, if you change your mind about moving with me..." I started to say but, of course, I was interrupted by Marnie.

"I'm in...no discussion, done deal, all in."

Yes, she was, she was definitely 'all in'.