 Book Two - A Cup of Tea

Prologue

A hidden Image

Ivy lay on the large leather sofa, it engulfed her petite body as she laid motionless in a dim lit room, with only a lamp in the corner. Ivy seemed to be partial unconscious. She could feel a thick, warm blanket covering her entire body, a blanket the she vaguely recalled Big T placing over her. She could barely make out what was happening, she knew only that she was safe. The voices in the room were familiar and friendly, but they seemed to be arguing about someone. Was it her that they were fighting about? Did she infringe on another woman's man? She was delirious and was unable to see clearly. Ivy still did not have all of her senses together to place the other voice in the room. The only person that she could see was Big T standing between her and another person, a person that she knew, but not from the Opera. Her mind went into a whirl trying to put a face on the familiar voice that appeared to be angry with her new lover. Then the stranger leaned in and kissed Big T on his cheek, she had blonde hair and Ivy could sense she was tall. As this mysterious woman turned towards the door, she said "I don't care how you do it, but Ivy can never come here again, I know her, and she is not your play toy for the night!" Then the sound of the door closed softly behind her. It was as if she didn't want to startle Ivy in her weakened state. Ivy fell asleep quickly once the door closed, the excitement was over, and her body and mind felt exhausted. 

Chapter One

A French Breakfast

Ivy awoke the next morning finding Simone watching over her like her faithful servant. She was fully dress in a cute little black skirt that went down to just above her knees and ruffled white blouse. The smile on Simone's face made her feel comfortable in her new surroundings. Ivy never did feel right about sleeping over at somebody's house on the first date, and this was way out of the normal for her this particular morning. But Simone seemed to make everything just right. She greeted Ivy with a "Good Morning, Madame" 

once Ivy was awake and was starting to explore her surroundings with her eyes. Simone set a serving tray with a tea pot and cup on the coffee table in front of Ivy. She poured the hot water into the cup and placed a tea bag of Lady Grey into the cup to steep. Her next words were "please excuse me while I get your breakfast, Madame" as she curtsied and turned around. Ivy's eyes instantly looked to watch her walk away, reminiscing of her perfectly shaped ass from the night before. 

Ivy lay there on a large, soft sofa. The blanket covered her body, and she now knew it was the only thing concealing her naked body underneath. Ivy felt as if she did not want to leave the comforts of the sofa and the blanket that seemed to hold her in place. Then, just as Ivy was beginning to close her eyes once more, Simone appeared again just in time for the tea bag to be removed, with another tray holding a plate of toast, butter, apricot jam and a cup of Greek yogurt with fresh fruit on the side. Ivy sat up, looking at the breakfast Simone had prepared for her. She could not understand how all of this was done. From the tea to the toast to the yogurt. It was all done perfectly. What had her perplexed was the fact that this is exactly what she had for breakfast every morning. Simone excused herself once again, saying "I will run your bath now, Madame" as she curtsied and exited the room once again. Ivy sat up, she was hungry from the night before and needed something to restore her energy. As she ate the breakfast Simone laid before her, she thought this apricot jam was the best she ever had, and the fresh fruit was great for being February!

Just as Ivy was finishing the last blueberry from her yogurt, Simone returned and said with a delightful smile, "Oh I hope the breakfast was acceptable, it was flown in last night from France, Madame, your bath is ready. May I show you the way?" 

Ivy finally broke her silence and said to her, "Where is Big T? Did he send you here, so he didn't have to see me again?" 

Simone replied with "Of course not, I have not seen Mr. Tanix since he left with you last night. This is my loft that stay in." 

Ivy was once again in a state of disbelief. She did not know how to reply to this beautiful woman who was obviously under some sort of hypnotic trance, but she also had a feeling, a feeling deep inside of her that everything that was happening to her was supposed to be. It felt as if it were her destiny was to be sitting on this sofa covered in only the blanket that a strange lover placed on her the night before. Ivy attempted to lift her body up, but the sofa seemed to grasp her from behind and pull her back down. 

Simone immediately took hold of her hand and lightly helped her to her feet. 

Ivy stood in front of Simone now, the blanket wrapped loosely around her breast and Simone in her skirt and blouse. Ivy stood a head taller than Simone as they were both barefoot now. Only then did Ivy noticed that Simone was not wearing a bra under her blouse, as her nipples gave her inner thoughts away. Ivy felt a spark of excitement between the two of them. The same spark that ignited her lust the night before. 

Chapter Two

Proper Introductions

Standing there, looking into Simone's eyes, Ivy felt like she was falling in love. Could this be the girl that she was looking for? She was beautiful and very sweet, but who was she? Why did she call her "Madame" and why was she acting like a servant to her? Ivy did not understand these things, nor did she care to at this moment. After what seemed like an eternity of staring into her eyes, Simone broke the silence by reaching up and began to remove the blanket from Ivy's naked body. Ivy was a little apprehensive, standing there in front of Simone in the nude, and as she started to say something Simone slid her index finger over her lips. In a soft, reassuring voice Simone said to her, "Ivy, I unclothed you last night and watched over you while you rested, please allow me the opportunity to ensure you are taken care of as I have been instructed, as it is my honor and duty to do so." 

With that, Ivy dropped any guard that she held in place. Her lips formed a smile of content and Simone took her hand and led her slowly to the adjoining bath. It was an exquisite sight, white marble floor that felt warm to the touch of her bare feet, accented with white cabinets and stainless-steel fixtures. The tub was massive, standing on four feet that could accommodate three persons easily. It was filled with bubbles that bestowed the essence of honey sickle. Simone helped Ivy into the tub, then began to wash her with a sponge. First her back, neck and over to her breast. The water was hot, but Ivy was even hotter. She had never experienced this before. The total relaxation of having another being take over her body and feel so content with it. Ivy eased back into the tub closing her eyes as Simone moved further down her torso, Ivy lips whimpered out a subtle "who are you."

Simone said "my name is Simone, I come from a small town in Europe and my only desire is to serve my Mistress. I was told to treat you as if you were she, and nothing more. So, if there is anything that Madame desires, then say and I shall obey."

Ivy asked, "Mistress, what do you mean? Was that Lèa from the club last night?" "

"No, it is not Lèa, I was told not to divulge any information about her, and if I did then I would be punished. Now, let us talk about you. How did you end up in the Opera last night since you surely did not belong there?" Simone said.

Ivy told her what had happened, the Tropics was too crowded and how she saw Big T greet Hanna at the door. She said that she thought it was just another club, that if she had known what actually happened in there, she probably would not have accepted the invitation. Simone listened as she continued to wash Ivy. She moved back around Ivy's back and began to give her a rub down, softly as she allowed her hands to massage her shoulders and neck. 

"Tell me about yourself" Simone said. 

"I am actually from Los Angela's, I moved out here when I was 17 because my cousin said I could stay with him while my parents divorced. But after a couple of months I came home from school and he was gone" or at least that is the story Ivy told everybody about how she had come to be in the "Big Apple". 

Simone leaned down and kissed the back of Ivy's neck, and whispered "that is horrible, what did you do?" 

Ivy continued, although feeling Simone's soft lips on her made her feel excited. She said "I had nothing here but the clothes that I came with. That is when I met my best friend, Gina. She took me in, made sure I finished school and got me a job modeling. I don't know what I would have done without her." 

Caressing Ivy's shoulders gently, Simone whispers, "This Gina sounds like a wonderful person." "Oh, she is, she has always been like a sister to me. I am so grateful we met." 

"And how was that' Simone replied. 

"I was sitting on the steps of my apartment on this rainy, miserable day. I had my head down on my knees just crying. I had nothing. Gina came walking up the steps, in this super flashy dress that she always has on, and says to me, "You have nothing to be crying about" I told her that she has no idea what has happened to me." Ivy continued, "Just then, she sat down next to me, in her dress that looked like it was worth a thousand dollars and took my hand. She said to me, "I don't know who you are, but I do know you are a sweet and innocent girl. Now get up and let's go get something warm in us." We talked for hours and I told her everything. She just sat there and listened, never judging me. Since that day Gina has always been there for me, she made sure I finished school and started college, she is like my guardian angel." 

Chapter Three

A Queen's Bathe

As Ivy spoke, her voice softened to that of the young girl she was. She was twenty-one and had never experienced anything as relaxing as being cared for by Simone. The room remained quiet as Ivy allowed the last syllable to whimper out of her soft lips. Simone reached around Ivy with her right hand, cupping the right breast gently, feeling the aroused nipple in the warm, soapy water and pulling her back so that Ivy could lay back in the tub. Simone leaned around her, still cupping her breast and kissed Ivy on her lips. She did not intrude into her wanting mouth, it was just a kiss on her lips. Simone said to her finally breaking the silence, "You are such a sweet girl, and I know how you must have felt in this city all alone. Now close your eyes while I take care of you". 

Ivy closed her eyes as she was told, and by doing so she consented to Simone's wishes. Simone stood, wiggled the skirt just past her perfectly rounded ass cheeks and let it fall to the floor. There was no need for her to remove any panties as there was none again. She unbuttoned her blouse and allowed it to fall next to the skirt, allowing her hardened nipples to feel the warm humid air of the room. Her body now naked, she slowly moved around the foot of the tub.

Ivy cheated, watching the beautiful woman slip into the tub in front of her. She thought to herself, this is a dream, this is how I have always envisioned the love of my life, it must be a dream. 

As Simone lowered herself in the tub, she positioned herself sitting on her knees between Ivy's legs. The bubbles covering her waist seemed to allow her breasts to float on top of them. She took the soap, and lathered her hands with it, and began to wash Ivy. First her face, then down her shoulders. Using a soft sponge to rinse her off, she continued her task of ensuring her new companion was pampered as she had been taught. Simone's touch was always soft to the skin, her movement slow and comforting. She reached down by her side, and lifted Ivy's left leg, it was long for her petite body, and Simone took pleasure in lathering its entire length. Slowly she washed every inch of Ivy's leg, and once reaching her foot she watched for any reaction. Simone continued to gently wash her foot, and then rinsed it as she had the rest of her body. She then slid her hands up the entire length of Ivy's leg, down into the water where her thighs met the center. Ivy moaned in anticipation, she desired more of her dream to come true. Simone soothingly cleansed the pussy that had exploded in ecstasy the night before. Once she was satisfied that Ivy's pussy was acceptable clean for her Mistress, she continued to Ivy's right leg and did the same. As she finished, she moved the lever to allow the warm soapy water to drain. Ivy opened her big brown eyes and gave Simone a sultry, "I want you" look. Simone lifted the attached shower handle and turned on the water. As the water drained leaving the bubbles dancing on Ivy's bare skin, Simone rinsed them away with the hot water leaving them both in the tub, unclothed, hot, and wanting more. 

Simone stood and stepped out of the tub as Ivy watched her every move. Her body was perfect in every way, her legs slim and defined that led to her pussy, which was bare. Her waist was tiny and soft. Ivy wanted nothing more than to just lay her head on her soft, but hard, tummy looking up passed her breasts to her charming face. As Ivy dreamed of this sweet girl being in her arms, Simone reached her hand out saying, "Please Madame, shall we get dressed?" 

Ivy snapped back to realization again and took her hand as she was helped into a plush white robe. Simone, still naked herself, took a towel and began to dry Ivy off. She opened the robe, softly patting Ivy's skin until it was dry. She got on her knees in front of Ivy and dried her long legs one at a time. Once the legs were done, Simone held Ivy at the waist and turned her. She lifted the robe allowing Simone to be eye level with Ivy's ass. She took the towel and softly dried her ass, patting until it was dry and then moved around to the front. Ivy's instinct took over as she opened her legs slightly allowing Simone to try dry her soaked pussy, and anything else she desired. Ivy arched her back, pushing her ass closer Simone's face. She could feel the hot breath as Simone exhaled. Much to Ivy's disappointment, Simone stood letting the robe fall back into place. Simone took the edges and wrapped them tightly around Ivy's petite body, and then tying them shut. 

Chapter Four

And The Table Turns

Ivy could not endure the anticipation of having the woman of her dreams in her arms again. She turned around facing Simone. Their eyes meeting, Ivy's lips slightly open and eager to connect with Simone's. Ivy looked at her naked body once more, her eyes rolling over every inch of her body like an eagle searching for its prey. Simone stood there, she remained still and quiet with no emotion. Her breasts could not lie to Ivy though, as Simone's nipples stood erect out of excitement. Ivy once again connecting with the blue, tranquilizing eyes of Simone, she began to unlock the robe that was the barrier between them. Simone opened her mouth to speak, but Ivy hushed her by stepping closer and placing her own lips onto Simone's. Ivy did not return the supple kiss Simone gave her, instead she embraced her with a deep, seductive kiss that ignited Ivy's lust. Ivy thrust her shoulders back pushing the heavy robe off her shoulders and onto the floor. Their body's just inches apart, Simone stepped back to escape the advances. 

Ivy instantly pulled her back in tightly, saying to her, "I want you, not just for now, not for tomorrow, but for always". 

Simone pleaded with her saying "Ivy, I know how you feel about me, but I cannot be this person you want me to be. My place is here with my Mistress, and until she releases me then I am bound by her and her alone. I am not able to love you back, or even show affection towards you, do you understand that Ivy". 

Simone's reply made Ivy want to fight for the love of this woman she had met just a few hours ago. "Who is this 'Mistress' then? Let me at least have a chance to fight for you, and no I don't understand" Ivy replied in a pleading voice.

Both naked, the only thing between them was lust and resistance. Simone did not know how to explain such things to a girl that was so obviously innocent of her world. So she did the only thing she knew how to do. She lowered her body to the floor, sitting on her knees and her upper torso flat to the ground. Her forehead was on the floor and arms stretched out in front, palms up. Ivy watched as Simone positioned her body in this strange and unfamiliar state. 

"What are you doing?" Ivy asked puzzled.

Simone answered ivy in an almost robotic voice, "I am at your service Madame Ivy, I am your servant and only desire to please you, Madame". 

"Quit calling me Madame" Ivy demanded. 

"As you wish umm... Miss Ivy?" Simone whimpered back still on the floor. 

"Get up and stop doing this, can't you just be yourself?" Ivy told her. 

Simone answered in an obedient voice saying "As you wish Miss Ivy" while she stood once again in front of Ivy, but now with her head down, avoiding any eye contact. "I do not wish to anger you Madame... Miss Ivy, it is just that I do not know how to handle this situation" Simone confessed. 

"What Situation? Why are you acting like a slave or something?" Ivy said in confusion. 

Simone looked up with her eyes meeting Ivy's, and said very low, in a pouting kind of way, "I like you, and I don't know how to feel about that, or if I am even allowed to like you". 

Ivy took Simone's hands and pulled her close, their bodies once again together. She held her tightly against herself wanting to never let her go but was also afraid of pushing her back into that person she was just a moment ago. Ivy was always the innocent girl in a relationship. She followed her partner like a puppy, always going along with what they wanted. She never saw herself as the "alpha" in the relationship. Was she supposed to be now? She knew that if she wanted this girl, then she had to do something. Ivy wanted to take her home with her right then and never let her be somebody's property again. 

"Come home with me Simone" were the next words that came from Ivy's lips. She did not want them to come out so fast or so eagerly, but they did just the same. 

Simone instantly started to withdraw again, but Ivy held her there. "You don't understand" Simone muttered out almost sobbing. 

"Then make me understand, that's all I want you to do" Ivy pleading with her. 

Chapter Five

Revelations

Ivy reached down, picked up the robe and wrapped the heavy, soft cotton around Simone's naked body. She was shivering now, not out of cold but because she was somewhere, she had never been. She was is the open, her mind and body stood in front of another being as open as the skies at night, the moonlight shining though, her soul was open and her body frigid towards it. Ivy took Simone by the hand and led her back into the room where she had slept the night before. She picked the plush blanket up from the floor and wrapped them both inside it and both sat onto the sofa. Simone still avoiding any eye contact with Ivy, she wiped a tear away that had just formed. "I want to know everything about you, where you come from and what you have done. Simone, I want you forever, and I am willing to do whatever I have to in order for you to be with me. I have never felt like this towards another person, but I know we are supposed to be together". 

After another tear and a slight gasp of air, Simone spoke in a broken, almost rehearsed voice. "My name is Šimona Kinští, I am from Czech Republic and I have been in the service of my Mistress for three years. When I was four years old, I was taken from my family and sold as a slave to an Arabian Prince. I was trained to be a servant in every way. When I was 14, I was taught how to please a man. I was sold to a French billionaire when I was 16 because the prince was promised to princess, and she was jealous. This is where Mistress Lèa found me. The French man owed her for debt, I do not know what it was, but it was arranged that I belonged to her when I turned eighteen. Mistress Lèa brought me to New York as her personal servant. She took pleasure in my abilities to serve her guest with the dignity and respect that she demanded. I stayed with her until I was twenty, which is when my Mistress acquired me. I am twenty-three now, and my Mistress does not treat me as my past owners have. She is very possessive of me and does not allow me to be out by myself. I am very grateful of her, she is kind and protects me, much in the way your Gina has protected you."
