 The crunching blast of the coffee grinder tore through the small studio apartment, instantly waking Lee from her slumber. It took her a few moments to recall where she was. The exposed brick walls seemed oddly familiar, the hand-crafted furniture beside her radiated functionality and form. And the sofa she was currently lying on was ancient, and very comfortable. Her impromptu bed was leather, a thick sheet had been laid down over it for her the night before. As the coffee grinder fell silent, Lee sat up on the sofa and yawned. 

"Good morning." 

Lee rubbed her eyes sleepily and turned toward the voice. In the kitchen, Erica stood by the counter slicing fruit into a bowl of cereal, occasionally stealing a piece and eating it. She was tall and slim, her long pale legs stretched from her bare feet to a pair of dark grey shorts that came halfway down her thighs. Her arms were similarly bare as she wore a loose vest. Her long red hair was tied into a ponytail, loose strands dashing out around her crown. 

"Hey," Lee said, "thanks again for letting me couch surf here. I know it was last minute and all."

"Don't worry about it," Erica replied as she poured hot water into the coffee plunger, "it's not like this is a palace."

"Even so," Lee stood and began folding the blankets up from the sofa, "I don't want to cramp your style or get in the way at all. And I swear it's only for a few days."

Erica shrugged and smiled, "I said don't worry about it. Come on, freshen up and join me for breakfast."

"Ok, cool. Thanks." Lee swept her short wispy hair behind her ear and bent to get a fresh change of clothes from her travel bag. As she did so, the shorts she wore to sleep rode up and exposed her curved butt. Erica's gaze lingered on her new guests rear end, the large, shapely mounds of her cheeks flowed down shapely legs. Her olive skin seemed to glow in the morning sun. Lee stood up and headed for the bathroom, while Erica finished preparing the rest of the breakfast. A few minutes past and Lee returned wearing blue cotton track pants and a T-shirt. Erica's gaze roamed her curves, from the swell of her thighs to the pinch of her waist, and lingered on her ample bosom. The shirt was thin and comfortable, but also did nothing to hide the fact that Lee was truly well endowed. 

"Hmm," Lee said as she slid into one of the stools at the kitchen bench-top, "that coffee smells great."

"Yeah, I buy my coffee from a place around the corner. It's awesome being able to buy it freshly roasted. Certainly beats most cafe's around here anyway."

"So is this a standard breakfast for you?"

"Pretty much. I usually stick to the simply things this early – coffee, cereal, fruit. Feel free to stock up on some other things if you prefer more though," Erica said before shovelling a spoonful of breakfast into her mouth. 

Finishing her first sampling of the food, Lee said, "No this is perfect. I've been living off fast food lately so the detox is just what I need."

"So," Erica said over her coffee, "what are your plans for today?"

"Oh you know, mainly spend some time just recovering. If that's OK! I don't mean to impose and just assume it's ok for me to lounge around your place all day."

"No worries at all. As long as you're not bringing strangers back here in the middle of the night, it's all good."

Lee sighed and said, "Thanks Erica. Really, I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't let me stay. I'd probably be out on the street or something!"

"Well, showing up with my brother is certainly one way to make sure I don't say no. I mean, I'd never hear the end of it if I'd let his best friend go wanting in her time of need."

"And you can also blame Curtis for me being here then! If he stopped thinking with the wrong head, he'd stop following that bimbo of a girlfriend around whenever she needs to go shopping in Milan or where ever."

Erica laughed. "Are you sure you guys, you know.. never had a "thing" for each other? You've known each other for years."

Lee blushed deeply and her eyes widened at her embarrassment. She'd been in love with Curtis for a long time, but once she'd understood that his interest in her was purely non-sexual, she had to accept it. Over time, she'd come to appreciate their friendship was probably better than any short lived affair. Which by his track record was all it would have amounted to. But she wasn't used to such direct questioning, particularly by someone as confident and headstrong as Erica.

"Well," she stammered, "I guess we just never went that way, you know? Sometimes when people are friends for so long and have that much between them, then they don't push their relationship any further than it needs to go." God, she hoped she sounded more convincing than she felt. 

"Oh well, his loss I guess, you're pretty cool." Erica said. She had almost said pretty hot, but caught herself just in time. Normally not flustered by girls she found attractive, there was something about Lee or this situation that had Erica feeling feisty. She'd normally play it cool and distant until she was sure of the other girls intent. Then it was like a switch was flipped, and the predator in her came out to hunt and feast and fuck. Normally she'd be able to control that side of herself, but this morning something about Lee's body or her voice or her innocence just fired her up. She was having a hard time keeping the beast in it's cage. 

"Anyway," Lee began to change the subject, "what are your plans for the day?"

Erica picked up her now empty bowl and moved to set it down in the sink, holding her coffee cup in her other hand.

Lee continued, "Let me know if you need some space, and I'll head out for a walk or something."

"No," Erica laughed, "don't be silly. I'm sure we can manage."

Lee brought her own bowl over to the sink and after handing it to Erica, she leaned against the wall sipping her coffee.

"This coffee tastes really good," Lee said.

Erica could feel the heat rising in her. It was as though the very air this young woman breathed out was setting the hairs on her skin on fire. Now that she was standing closer, Erica could smell her soft fragrance, like winter flowers and rain. She battled to keep herself calm, but in a heartbeat she knew she'd already lost.

Stepping close to Lee, Erica gently took hold of the cup she was drinking from. Ericas's sudden change in demeanour startled Lee, but the moment the taller girls hand touched hers it was almost electric. Erica gently freed the cup from Lee's grasp, her hands warm and soft. The cup was set on the counter and forgotten. 

"There's one way to make it taste even better," Erica said as she stepped even closer to her.

Lee shrank back against the wall instinctively. She had never been approached like this, let alone by another woman! And while she wasn't very worldly, she certainly knew she wasn't gay. But she had always admired Erica from a distance, through her friendship with Curtis. This strong, independent woman off forging her own career as an artist had always left an impact on Lee, even if she'd never truly acknowledged it. And now here she was, larger than life, staring into Lee's eyes with such a burning desire as she had never seen before. And while Lee was totally disarmed, she wasn't really frightened. Surprised and overwhelmed, but not really frightened. 

Erica managed to rein in her instinct to pounce just long enough to register the look on Lee's face. Her eyes were wide and she held her breathe as her body retreated against the wall. Her lips were the colour of soft velvet and were parted so slightly; her arms held up against her chest, flattening her bosom. Sensing the moment was slipping from her, Erica quickly closed the distance between them and kissed her softly on the mouth. Lee's lips were cool and soft, and Erica could feel the heat from her body radiating out and drew a deep breath of her intoxicating smell. Lee stood almost frozen, but as Erica pulled away she saw her eyes were closed and she was breathing faster. 

Lee couldn't believe the feeling of Erica's lips on her own. The kiss had only been brief and soft, but she felt as though she'd never been kissed before, until the moment their lips touched. Every kiss she'd ever had paled in comparison to that simple moment, knowing the person kissing her desired her so. She opened her eyes and looked into Erica's own. The look of pure lust was unmistakable, and the fact that it was being directed at her sent Lee's own lust into overdrive. She exhaled and quickly took a breathe before succumbing to the sudden force of her own desire. She stepped away from the wall and grabbed Erica and kissed her. 

Erica was caught unprepared by the sudden change, but her own hunger fed on the energy of that moment and she took charge again, running her hands over Lee's butt and through her hair as she roughly pushed her back against the wall. All the while, their lips crashed together like waves in a great ocean. Lee felt the full force of Erica's desire for her, and any thoughts of resisting were instantly crushed. She felt like a tiny ship about to be thrashed by a giant, unrelenting storm, and it thrilled her. To be completely at the mercy of such a force – to be led, guided and almost used by it – was something she'd never felt before. It had been so long since anyone had held her or shown any kind of interest in her. She realised then that her body was responding to the attention – her skin felt flushed, her legs felt weak and her pussy ached. But she couldn't make Erica do anything, she felt powerless against the tremendous power of her lust and it excited her even more. 

Erica pulled Lee's body to her own, desperate to feel more of her delicious curves all over. She ran her hands up from her butt, over he waist. She held Lee close for the kiss with one hand and with the other began lifting the edge of her T-shirt. Lee could only comply and lifted her arms and placed them on Erica's shoulders, wrapping around her neck. Once Lee's T-shirt. was raised up to her shoulders, Erica quickly pulled up the edge of her own vest before slamming them both back against the wall. Erica loved the feeling of a pair of big breasts being crammed against her own, and Lee could only marvel at the heat from Erica's body. Her skin was hot to the touch, and she ran her hands up and down Erica's back, pulling her closer. 

Suddenly Erica broke the kiss, both women breathing hard. Lee looked at her with those soft pleading eyes, like a child so eager to please. Erica smiled and took her hand, and rested the other on Lee's hip. Lee felt secure, and knew that Erica wouldn't do anything to hurt her. The older woman stepped closer again, but stopped short. She slipped her fingers down into Lee's pants and took hold of the top, before turning and leading the young woman off to the bedroom. 

Lee felt like she was having some kind of out of body experience. She was aware of what was happening, aware that this wasn't something she was entirely comfortable with, but simultaneously she felt unable to stop herself from following Erica. The older woman's advances were so sudden, so pure and direct that she had been caught completely by surprise. Even though she'd known Erica was gay, she'd never even considered the idea that she would be attracted to her. But then, Lee had never really had any gay friends before, and she had to admit that she didn't know what Erica's tastes were in terms of sexual partners. Curtis never really discussed his sister's sexuality. He'd always accepted her, so it wasn't that he didn't like talking about it – he just knew that other people might not feel the same way, and preferred not bringing up the issue. But he had told Lee once that Erica took her sexuality and her pleasure as seriously as anything else in her life. She wasn't promiscuous, but she certainly wouldn't turn away a good safe opportunity to have some fun either. As she was being let into the bedroom, Lee wondered what this situation would be – fun or something more? She knew she wasn't gay, so she wasn't really interested in anything with Erica. And she looked up to the older woman too much to feel comfortable in any kind of serious relationship. At the same time, the fact she admired her so much kind of made it easier for her to follow her into this situation. Here was this successful artist, this fiercely independent woman who certainly wouldn't have a hard time finding someone to sleep with. And yet all of her tremendous attention was now focused on Lee. It almost made the young woman giddy that someone like Erica would want to be with her. As Erica stood in front of her and gently pushed Lee to sit on the bed, the young woman decided to fully give herself over to the situation – to stop thinking with such trepidation and hesitation and just go with whatever this strong warrior wanted. 

Erica looked at the woman on her bed. She seemed so young, like a child about to step into the world for the first time. Erica knew Lee wasn't gay, and deep down was surprised things had gone this far already. For her part though, right at that moment virtually nothing could get in the way of her desire for Lee. Her short, dark hair radiated out around her head like a deep shadow, serving only to further highlight the wonderful complexion of her olive skin. Erica licked her lips and placed one knee on the bed. She quickly grabbed the bottom of her vest again and hastily whipped it off, eager to not miss a second with her new companion. She fell forward and held herself up with one hand on either side of Lee's head. The young woman's eye were half closed and her hands rested on her chest. She looked serene, almost like she was just waking from a long dream. But her face was flushed, a few small droplets of sweat appearing on her upper lip. Erica swooped down and kissed her, hard. She marvelled at the softness of Lee's lips, how they were so full and so warm. She could taste her sweat, and the salty-sweetness only drove her further. She collapsed onto Lee's body, moaning as she felt the soft curves of the woman beneath her. She pressed herself firmer onto Lee, probing gently with her tongue as they kissed. Lee revelled in the feeling of being desired like this, to be craved by someone so badly they could barely contain themselves. It had never happened to her before, and it thrilled her as much as it scared her. The heat from Erica's lips, the weight of her lithe body pushing down on her, the taste of her tongue and the smell of her skin all began to combine into an intoxicating mix that left Lee only wanting more. 

Erica came up for air and pulled away slightly, only to grab a handful of Lee's hair and dive straight for her neck. She nibbled and sucked on the skin on her neck and shoulder while running her other hand down Lee's body. The younger woman cried out and wrapped her arms around Erica's waist, pulling her closer. Erica obliged by grinding her hips against Lee, and in turn Lee opened her legs wider and hooked her ankles behind Erica's legs. A shiver ran through her body as Erica licked her way up from the base of her neck up to her ear, before retreating back down her jawline. Erica came back up and took hold of Lee's hands and pinned them above her head. She gazed down into the young woman's eyes, savouring the moment. Her brother might be angry that she'd taken advantage of his friend, but at that very moment she was a beautiful woman lying on her bed, the wonderful taste of her skin lingered in her mouth and the heat from her body was staggering. Erica bit her lip slowly as she took all these sensations in, allowing herself to fully experience all of them. They were all as bait to the beast within her, and the feeling of denying that hunger in her just for a moment was exquisite – equal parts pain and pleasure. But balancing on that knife-edge of ecstasy and agony could only last so long, and as she allowed the hunger in her to take charge, she plunged down for another deep and intense kiss. 

Lee struggled against Erica's grip on her hands, but it was a token gesture – the sense of powerlessness only helping her to really give in to the situation, to give herself over up and let go. Deep down, she knew that was the one thing she was desperate to do, and the one thing she'd never really been able to do. Being forced to give up herself like this was as exciting as it was frightening. She was in uncharted territory – and she loved it.

Erica began slowly humping her, one hand pinning Lee's hands down, the other grasping at the edge of her T-shirt. As she brought the shirt up over Lee's head, she took hold of it and used it to tighten her grip on the young woman's hands, twisting the fabric until they formed tight bonds around her wrists. With her other hand she grabbed Lee's breast and squeezed it. Erica always had a thing for women with large breasts, and the weight and softness of Lee's were driving her crazy. Now with Lee's breasts exposed, Erica rushed down with an urgent need. She clamped her mouth over the other nipple and sucked on it, drawing a sharp cry from Lee. All the while, Erica continued to slowly grind her hips against Lee's crotch. 

Between the restraints, the humping, the kissing and now the attention on her nipples, Lee felt like she was going to scream. Whenever Erica's hip ground up against her already sensitive crotch, when she bit down on her nipple, just when Lee wished she could free her arms and wrap her arms around the older woman, Lee's body would tense and shiver uncontrollably. After what seemed like hours of Erica alternating between one breast and the other, she eventually wrapped her free arm around Lee, and brought her in for another kiss. 

"You taste so good!" Erica said, coming up from the kiss. Lee could only smile, at a complete loss for words. 

"But I'm sure you taste even better somewhere else."

And with that, Erica released her hands and began kissing her way down Lee's body – down her jaw, her neck, over her shoulder, nibbling across her chest and down between her breasts, over her stomach and down to her hips. Lee gasped and finally grasped at Erica's shoulders, keeping her hands on the older woman's toned shoulders as she slid her way down lower. Erica swept her hands underneath Lee's butt and took hold of the top of her pants and underpants and began tugging them down. Lee lifted her hips off the bed slightly and in one swift motion her clothes were completely swept off her, leaving her naked on the bed. Erica wasted no time, the smell of Lee's sex further fuelling her hunger. Before Lee could close her legs, Erica was back kissing her stomach. She quickly made her way down further, keeping her hands wrapped around Lee's thighs. As Erica continued down closer to her pussy, Lee grabbed fistfuls of the bedsheets, a deep moan escaping her lips. 

"Oh my god!" Lee cried out. Erica laid her tongue as flat and as wide as possible across her pussy and lapped her way up to her clit, which she had exposed by gently holding open her pussy with her fingers. As slowly as her tongue swept up, it swept back down, only this time as it reached the entrance to her pussy, Erica flicked it across her moist opening and buried her nose against her clit. Lee's body shivered, and she frantically clawed at the bedsheets. Erica continued to lap at her lips, switching from long slow strokes to gentle probes with her tongue. She was determined to give the young woman an experience she'd never had before, and lost herself in the pleasure she derived from giving head to another woman. Erica ran her hands up from Lee's hips up to cup her tits, squeezing her glorious chest and pinching her nipples as she drew circles around her clit with her tongue. Erica sucked feverishly on her clit and her lips. She kissed Lee's inner thighs and drove her tongue deep into her pussy. After several minutes of this, Lee could feel herself getting closer to orgasm. She'd never had an orgasm from oral before, but then she'd never been eaten out by another woman before. Erica seemed to know just when to go hard and really furiously flick her tongue over her clit. And just as Lee felt that biggest rush of ecstasy from her skilled tongue, Erica would back off, slowing down. This had Lee constantly craving that sensory high for those long minutes. Eventually Erica decided she'd had enough fun toying with her companion and pulled her pussy open to expose her clit. She then forced her mouth over it and sucked it, furiously flicking it with her tongue. She drew circles around the tiny head, dragged her rough tongue over it. She pulled Lee's sweet crotch against her face and gave her the best tonguing the young woman had ever received. 
