 I was booked for two fights tonight. The fist was against Jenny and the second against a guy, Robert. I was billed for the last show of the evening where I'm going a match against Robert. Last time we met, about 3 month ago, I lost and he screwed me anally. But he isn't much bigger than me, and the match was pretty close. I had done a lot of practice in the gym and hope I can give him a better match today, and maybe even turn the tables on him. 

The bout with Robert was a free for all where the winner asks the audience what they should do with the loser. If I win I am sure they will call for me to fuck the guy with a strap-on, and I smiled at the thought. If I lose, I surely get his large cock up my tight ass again, and I really hurt when guys are as big as Robert. 

The female crowd love to see a big dangling cock and most of the male wrestlers in the fuck-bouts are chosen for their cock size rather than there wrestling skills. And most male wrestlers here are about the same weight and size as the women here, to get the matches more exciting, close and skilful wrestling.

My husband Larry has two fuck bouts tonight too. He has still more wins than losses here at the fight club, but I was a bit worried for him tonight. Two years ago when we joined Karen's little fight club, the club had just started then, Larry won all his matches. But the female fighters have taken this wrestling very seriously, especially now when there is more money as stake. Karen had opened a gym and practice wresting rings here in the old warehouse, and some of the girls where training here almost daily. Many girls have increased both their skill and strength quickly and about a year ago Larry lost his first match against a female here at the wrestling club. 

He had met Lisa "the hellcat" once before and won, but it was almost a year before. He had seen some of the smaller guy lose to the girls, but didn't think he was in danger to lose a fair match to a girl as he was a pretty big adult male. I still remembered how surprised and shocked he looked as Lisa pinned him for the last time and he understand he had lost the match. And I also remembered how he couldn't meet my eyes as Lisa "the hellcat" drilled him hard with her strapon all over the mat. I remembered how I felt bad for him, but was also at the same time unbelievable turned on by watching Lisa fucking and manhandling my husband like this and I could not explain why. 

When I told him after the match that I thought it was so hot and I wanted him even more now, he was relieved and said he had been afraid I would think it was disgusting that he, her husband, was humiliated on the mat like this by a woman. I told him to never worry about that again, and we had great sex when we got home. But as I told you, the female in this wrestling club had closed in him, and the other guys, and their lead in strength and muscles, and during the last month he had lost about as many matches as he won. And I was a little worried about him tonight, as he was going to take on two girls who here both big and strong. 

The first one, he has to take a dive against, was a mountain of a woman by the name of Amazoniac. She has straight blonde hair, a stern face, was taller than Larry, big boned, and you could see she had spent a lot of time in the gym lately, as her muscles popped up as she fixed her hair. She has a very painful looking, very large black strap-on and love to fuck losers. I love to watch her fucking her losers before. To see the look on their faces when her big dildo first goes into their assholes and how aggressive she is when she victoryfuck her poor victim. I said to Larry he can beat this bitch, but inside I know it will be very hard for him to win against this mean and strong woman, who is a machine on the mat. 

The second opponent for Larry tonight was against a woman by the name of Fairy Mammoth. She has huge powerful thighs and had only gone matches against men, winning her last two convincingly. She had curly dark hair, curvy body with big boobs and butt. She didn't look very athletic, but looks can be deceiving and she had a very solid body and I had seen her a lot at the gym lately. She has a ridged strap-on which can be painful to take up already well fucked ass. I'm afraid that Larry, on the way home tonight, is going to stink of cunt juices and have a very sore butt. 

First match- Diamond vixen vs. Jenny the Blitz Getting back to the bout with Jenny. This first bout was against a new girl, Jenny the Blitz! She was 12 pounds of muscle heavier than I was. You know the type, built like a fit aerobics instructor, with large strong tights and fit upper body. As all wrestling bouts here do, we started on our hands and knees, facing each other. My bikinis are especially made with Velcro fastenings, so it is easier to rip off, in fact my opponent had borrowed a knickers and bra set off me. 

We had discussed strategy and had practiced ripping the panties and bras off each other to give good effect. Even if this girl, Jenny the Blitz, was new and it was her first match, she had studied almost very match on the wrestling league on the net, and had practice in the clubs practice-mats during the last two weeks a lot. She was very exited to join this club, and physically she was ahead on most members already, as she train regularly for many years, and with her athletic background. I knew she's gonna be a tough opponent even if this was her first match.

Before the whistle for the, 'Off'' Jenny and I had snarled and spat at each other like alley cats. The referee said "Go!", and we came for each other, locking hands. Damn, she was strong, and pushed me back! But I knew a lot of moves and fell back and threw my legs around her midsection. She wasn't prepared and I manage to threw her to the side and made a grab for her knickers and narrowly missed them. That had the crowd ranting, 'Rip them, off!' She tried to escape my legs, but I got them around her throat instead and grabbed her arm in an arm bar. It just took a few seconds before she had to submit and, damn I'm good, I was in the lead with 1-0.

We faced off again, and she seemed to have learnt her lesson and stayed away from my strong legs. She pushed me around on the mat and managed to get me in a side headlock after a while. I could not get loose from her strong hold and when she got one hand free, the audience sheered when she managed to strip both my bra and my bikini bottom off me. She had me pinned and I had to submit. The result was 1-1 and we faced off again. 

I tried to be more offensive, but she was both strong and quick and dominated the match now. She managed to get behind me and locked my arms behind my back. Damn, here I go again, losing track! She got me down on my belly and even if I tried everything I could, she stayed on top of me. She leaned forward and whispered in my ear, 'You're going down! Bitch! I want to fuck you good now!' I wheezed back, 'Then you have to beat me first!' "- I don't think that will be a trouble right now!" 

She grinned, and put her hands under my chin and bends by upper body backwards until I screamed out my submission. Damn, she was in the lead 2-1 and as the fight began again she was very aggressive, attacking me on the mat like a predator it's pray. I tried to defend myself, but she was damn strong and found myself in one hold after another as we rolled around the mat. She got behind be and I felt how her fingers fond their way into my wet pussy and I could not stop them. 

I lay there panting as she continued her sexual attack awhile, hearing the crowd cheering her on in frenzy. The crowd were on their feet now shouting for a, 'Pin and fuck!' Suddenly Jenny slammed me on my back and sat her wet cunt down onto my mouth, holding me down for the count of ten. I felt, rather than saw her waving her strong arms above her head in victory! Her big firm thighs were too tight to my ears for me to hear the referee's count, or the cheers and calls from the crowd. 

The referee declared Jenny the winner with 3-1 and Jenny just sat on my face awhile, enjoying her victory and waved and flexed her arms to the fans in the crowd. Her biceps where not much bigger than mine, but very cut and impressive, and it was no wonder she had been so strong with muscles like that. The crowd bayed for my pussy to be fucked and Mary came forward and allowed Jenny to step into her strap on which had been fetched from the dressing-room. Jenny told me she was hot and horny from beating me up and could not wait to fuck me! 

She ordered me on all four, and in the centre of the ring, Jenny gave me a good fucking, as the wild audience was going crazy. It felt good and she knew how to use it as if it and I suspected she had done it before. She screwed me hard and fast until I cried out that I was cumming!