 Message from Lisa:

Meet Lizzie, a cute but rebellious 19-year-old from North Carolina and her discovery of a cult. The story is set about 20 years in the future. 

This story may develop over time so consider this part 1, there will be at least a second part and I hope that all you lovely people enjoy it. Kisses xxx

*****

Part 1 - Fear and Pleasure 

You'd be forgiven for thinking that it was weird, wanting to join a cult. Truth was, I didn't know that I wanted to join until I met someone who really wanted in. It ended up being the best decision of my life. Even though humanity seemed enlightened in many ways, for those of us that were Gay, Lesbian Bi or Transsexual, life was hard, we were frowned upon, abused and had no protection from the law, which had abandoned us with the rise of the right.

If you wanted to follow your true lifestyle then you needed to be very, very discreet or, you join one of the communities that were segregated and tolerated where you could be with others of the same sexuality. Like all teenagers, assuming that I was smart and independent, I figured that I'd explore my sexuality on the quiet. I'd not allow myself to be caught and all would work out OK. 

As a teenager, I had lots of boyfriends, but they never really did it for me. I found girls attractive and soon accepted that I was Bi. Eventually, at 19, after craving the attention of a woman for quite a few years, I had my first experience. I was drunk, of course, and leaving a bar after a night out with some friends, I was intending to walk home. An older woman left at the same time as us and, after I'd bid farewell to my friends and begun to walk, caught up with me just around the first corner. Her name was Nicole, I found out later that she was 45 years old. She asked if she could walk with me and, as it was the early hours of morning and she seemed friendly, I said yes.

We got talking as we walked through the city streets which were full of drunk people like us heading home. I couldn't help but admire her, even though she was much older than me, she was sexy, fit and looked great in her tight jeans, boots and check shirt, the back of which was hidden by her long flowing blonde hair. The shirt strained at the front over her large breasts which put my little ones to shame. 

We'd walked a good way towards my apartment when two cute girls walked past us in the opposite direction, I stared at them as they passed, briefly looking over my shoulder. Nicole laughed at me and whispered. "You like girls?"

Even though I was drunk, I was a little surprised and stammered my reply as well as feeling my face redden. I'd never confessed that to anyone. It could have even been dangerous. "Urr, no, not really, I like boys. I've never thought of women like that."

Nicole stopped walking and grabbed my arm gently making me turn to face her. She was giggling, drunkenly. "I know you like girls honey, I've been watching you all night, staring at them as they walked around the bar. It's OK honey, I like them too, especially cute ones. Don't worry, I won't tell anyone."

I was so young and naive that I didn't really realise that Nicole was hitting on me. I nodded at her. "I suppose some girls are cute, but that's it, I'm not a Lesbian or anything."

Nicole laughed again and dropped the subject and we continued to walk. We began to discuss how unfair it was that if you were Lesbian then you could not be free to be open about it. By now the effects of the alcohol were wearing off a little but I was still not tired. Nicole suggested that we stop at her apartment which was on the next block and we could drink some vodka and listen to music.

Since I liked my newfound friend, I agreed, and we walked around the last block and entered the main door to the apartment block. It was dark and quite run down, much like my place but we climbed the stairs to the second floor where Nicole let us into her home. It was basic but seemed clean and smelled fresh. The blinds were closed in the living room and Nicole told me to sit on the sofa.

I dumped my bag beside me and sat on one end of the huge leather sofa while Nicole logged into her computer and began playing some chill out tunes. She left the room for a few minutes before returning with a bottle of Vodka and 2 glasses. We chatted for an hour or more, drinking, getting even more drunk. She was great company, but it wasn't long before the subject of lesbians came up again.

Nicole was hot, it was a humid night and she released the top two buttons on her shirt, exposing the top of her cleavage. I was, feeling a little horny like I always did when alone with a woman and I found myself staring into the void between her breasts. I think I'd even stopped listening to her. 

"You like what you see there?" She asked in between laughs.

"Oh, shit, I'm sorry." I said, looking away from her.

She slid across the sofa and put her hand on my thigh. "It's OK honey, don't worry. I'm just teasing you."

I nodded without looking at her and took a gulp of the Vodka, I suddenly felt embarrassed and had obviously betrayed all my denials from earlier in the evening.

Her hand slightly squeezed my thigh through the denim of my jeans as she said. "Have you ever been with a woman, honey?" Her voice suddenly much quieter. 

I shook my head, "No." 

Nicole began to stroke my leg and she reached around me with her other arm and began to stroke my hair softly. It was at this moment that I understood why she'd caught up with me as we left the bar.

"Would you like to be with a woman?"

I couldn't help it, I just nodded.

I'd not noticed Nicole all evening, but she'd obviously noticed me. It was probably the effect of the drink, but I liked the sensation as I felt her hands on me. Maybe this was my chance to find out if I really liked girls.

Slowly, I turned my head to face her and she leaned forward and we kissed, which sent electric shocks coursing through my young body, the soft lips of another women touching mine for the first time was even more exciting than I thought it would be. As we kissed, Nicole expertly unfastened the buttons on my shirt. I leaned forward, allowing her to push it off my shoulders and, at the same time, she dropped her hand from my head and unsnapped my pink bra strap. I was too excited and drunk to feel embarrassed or self-conscious as she pulled my bra off my arms and I felt my small breasts and now-hard nipples exposed to the warm air.

Nicole slid her hand up and onto my left breast, massaging it and then rolling my nipple around. I'll never forget that moment, the sexual arousal caused my panties to become soaked in my juices instantly. After a few moments, I was moaning into her mouth as she pulled and twisted my rock-hard nipple. She pulled her mouth away, making me gasp. There was a pang of disappointment as she released my nipple from her experienced fingers and rolled herself around until she knelt in front of me. I watched as she lifted my feet, one at a time and pulled off my ankle boots and white socks. Nicole looked up at me as she ran her hands up my denim covers thigh, found the buttons, unfastened them and grabbed the waistband of my jeans. Willingly, I lifted my butt as she pulled them from my legs.

Sitting on the sofa, wearing just my pink panties, with a woman more than twice my age between my legs was intensely erotic and I think I almost came as she brushed her finger across the damp cotton material which was the only barrier between her and my most intimate place.

"Oh, have I made your sweet little pussy all wet?" She teased.

I nodded and bit my lip.

"Let me fix that for you." She said with a giggle as she leaned forward, hooked her finger in my panties and pulled them clear of my pussy. Then, oh my God, her lips touched my wet labia and I felt her slide her tongue into my dripping pussy. It made my body shake and tremble as she swirled her tongue around my tight little pussy entrance and then pushed it in as deeply as she could time and again. Nicole used her fingers to spread apart my labia and then slid her mouth upwards and began to press her tongue into my clit. It was all too much, and I felt like I was close to cumming after just a few minutes of the woman pleasuring my pussy for the first time. Nicole must have sensed it too because she slid 2 of her fingers into my pussy and started to suck my clit and as her fingers hit my G spot, it sent me over the edge with a violent force that I'd never experienced before. I lifted my knees, pressed my hips forward, grinding my pussy into her face as I screamed out and felt the orgasm overtake me. For the first time in my life, there was also this huge clamping spasm sensation deep in my pussy and I squirted, I was so shocked at the same time when this huge gush of fluid was ejected from my body all over Nicole's face and shirt.

As I sat there gasping, Nicole giggled and continued to fuck me with her fingers while sucking my clit. The feeling was exquisite, and I came again, every few minutes, squirting each time until I was spent, gasping and shaking. Nicole was smiling and sat up on her knees between my legs.

"Mmmm, you're fucking hot honey, you ever squirt before?"

"No," I panted. "Holy fuck, you made me cum so damn hard"

Nicole smiled and unbuttoned her shirt the pulled it off. Reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra, letting her big breasts hang slightly with her huge nipples, hard like bullets, on full display. I watched her as she stood, removed her boots, then slid down her jeans and red lace panties. Her pubic area was shaved and smooth. Nicole reached out her hand and pulled me to me feet We spun around, and Nicole sat on the sofa, in the patch which was soaked in my squirt. Willingly, I knelt and ran my hands up her open thighs until they reached her big, soft, pink pussy lips. For the first time, I spread open another woman's labia, exposing her dripping wet pussy hole and firm clitoris. I can almost still feel the sensation of her slippery juices on my fingers.

Leaning my head down, she moaned as I put my lips over her huge, firm wet clit, enjoying her sweet taste, I gently sucked, using my lips to massage her bud. 2 fingers easily slid into her hot, wet pussy hole and I felt her rock her hips as I pushed in a third and began to steadily fuck her, pushing upwards so my fingers slid over her G spot.

"Honey, that's so fucking good," She encouraged as I sucked a little harder.

As I sucked even harder and sped my finger fucking up a little, she groaned and squirmed for several long minutes and, as I fucked her harder still, I heard her grunting and then go quiet and her body became rigid for a few seconds. There was a lovely sensation on my fingers as she started to orgasm, and her vaginal muscles clamped on me at the same time she let out a long moan. She began to shake hard and I felt a hot jet of liquid hit my face as she squirted. In that second, I was awestruck, I couldn't believe that I'd made a woman orgasm. It was so hot. 

I awoke in her bed in the middle of the next morning. There was no doubt in my mind, I was a lesbian and never needed a man again. I was under no illusions that there would be some romantic relationship with Nicole. It had been fun, amazing, in fact, but I would start a new journey, I'd never felt so sure of anything before. Nicole and I would stay friends though.

There was no strange goodbye and we exchanged numbers and kissed as we parted. We both agreed to stay in contact but there didn't seem to be any expectation that we'd have a repeat performance. I was happy that I'd lost my lesbian virginity in a very hot one-night stand. I'm sure Nicole was happy she'd bedded a 19-year-old. Everyone was happy. Over the next few months, I learned which places to go in order to discreetly hook up with other woman. There was a fear of being found out and I was wondering how this was going to play out in the long term. I had a few hot nights with other women but never orgasmed or squirted like when I'd been with Nicole. Throughout all this time we didn't see each other again but we did email, call and text from time to time. During a Friday night call, she invited me for a coffee the following morning, I was happy to hear from her and quite excited to be seeing her in person again.

She was already seated at an outside table in the yard of the coffee shop when I arrived. She looked smart and sexy, wearing a long, light green summer dress and green flat shoes. We looked around to make sure no one was watching and snatched a quick kiss. Nicole suggested grabbing coffee to go and walking along the path next to a nearby river. A few minutes later, in the warm morning sun, sipping coffee from takeaway cups, we walked beside the river catching up with each other. I told her about my newfound hang outs and female encounters, and she seemed happy that I was having fun but warned me to be careful not to be caught. 

Then came the revelation, "I wanted to see you because I wanted to tell you in person that I'm going to join the Northern Women's Group."

I'd heard of it and it was one of hundreds of so-called women's groups around the world that everyone who hadn't been to one assumed were sex cults for the lesbians that society had cast out. I had to admit that the thought had crossed my mind too, or, at least I'd wondered about it. You got a home, were free to be with other women in the open and were protected. You could leave the community to work but were not supposed to talk about. Although many did, which is why we'd all heard about these places.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Yeah, I've been thinking about for over 10 years." She answered. "I love women, I love sex, I'm fed up with hiding and so, why not." 

"Well, I don't know what to say, I suppose that's great, if that's what you want."

"There are about 180 woman that live in the Northern group, it's close to here and I know of a few women that have gone there. I think it'll be nice." 

"It's a cult, though. Right?" I asked, surprised at the concern in my own voice.

"Yeah, I guess it kind of is. You only go there if you're comfortable with your sexuality, your body, openness towards sex. You have to go through an initiation to be allowed in but it's not really brainwashing, I mean, you have to think like that before you join"

"How do you get to go?" I asked, sensing that she was way further down this path and had seriously thought all this through. 

"I met up with an old friend who'd moved into the commune a few years ago. We spoke a few times and she set up a meeting with one of their transition support workers. I met with her last week and she says that they have a house for me, and I can join if I agree to the initiation."

"Wow, so, what's the initiation?" I asked.

"They were a little unclear, but I think you have to get undressed in front of one of the leaders and let them touch you, maybe more, but all that doesn't worry me at all and is a tiny price to pay to have a free life. The thing is that you need a witness, someone to go with you for the initiation and it must be a lesbian who can confirm that I'm a lesbian. I wanted to ask if you would do that with me?"

I was more than a little shocked. "I'm honoured, really, but, why me?" I asked.

Nicole smiled. "Because I like you and, you are the only girl that I was their first time, so, sexually, and emotionally, you're special to me. Will you do it?"

Suddenly I felt all warm inside, remembering our hot and sexy night. "Of course, I'll do that for you. But, if you join, will I see you again?" 

"Oh yes, honey, we'll speak and meet just like we do now."

Nicole grinned and, as we were in an isolated place, we held hands for the remainder of our walk. 

Nicole promised to call me with the time for the ceremony. She had to meet other officials from the community to make the arrangements and the next week dragged by with no contact from her. As the days passed, I found that I couldn't get the sex cult idea out of my mind and even masturbated a few times to relieve my built-up frustration. I also spent time on the internet researching the cults and I found out a whole lot of stuff from practical guides to joining, locations and even porn created by a faction of a cult in Florida. Another whole week passed before Nicole called at 5pm on Monday evening. I was shocked to find out that the initiation would take place at 10pm that same night. They had only given her a few hours to prepare but she seemed happy and totally excited.

The commune was in a wooded valley on the outskirts of the city. We had to meet an escort who would be waiting in a red car, on the track that led into the woods. This all sounded a little dodgy. I showered and dressed in new panties and bra that I'd bought earlier that day and my long white summer dress. Spending time on my makeup and even putting a flower in my long black hair, I felt like I'd made a good effort to look nice for Nicole's big occasion. As planned, a cab pulled up outside my apartment and I joined Nicole who was smiling but looking nervous. She looked beautiful, with perfect hair and make up and a white shirt and pink knee length skirt. You could see her white bra peeping through her clothes. 

We didn't say anything in the cab, and, after a short ride, I paid the driver as he dropped us off a short distance from the designated meeting point. Nicole had a large bag with her, and we stood on the side of the road to allow the cab to leave. Pretty soon, we were alone, and the light of the city was in the distance. As no one was around, we held hands as we began to walk towards the track. 

"Are you sue you want to go through with this?" I asked as we walked.

"I don't think I've ever been surer about anything." She replied. 

I was feeling nervous myself, this was a weird situation, but I was still happy for Nicole and glad she was feeling OK. I was even a little intrigued to be getting a first-hand glimpse into a cult.

Soon, we turned into the track and, sure enough, there was a red car, off to the right, with the lights off. As we approached, the driver's door opened and out stepped a woman in her early 30s with a warm smile. She wore smart black pants and a grey tee. Her black hair was cropped short. As we neared the car, she walked the last few steps towards us and took the bag. 

"You must be Nicole?" she said. "I'm Clara."

The two women exchanged welcomes and then Clara turned to me. "So, you are Lizzie, the witness?"

"I am and nice to meet you." I replied, shaking her hand.

Suddenly, I felt better. This woman was sweet and friendly. She put Nicole's bag in the trunk and held open the back door of the car for us. I climbed in after Nicole and Clara jumped back into the driver's seat. We set off up the track, the headlights illuminating the trees. For the first time, I took Nicole's hand without fear of who could see. Nicole's hand was a little clammy and she was unusually quiet. I wasn't surprised she was nervous; I would probably be terrified.

Clara began to explain some details of the commune as we drove. "Our community is just like a small town. We've got shops, restaurants, movie theatre, open spaces and clubs amongst lots of other things. It's just like a small town except that there are only women here. The area is fully protected. I'm taking you to a small building just outside the main town which is for initiation and welcome ceremonies."

"Sounds lovely." I said.

"I can't wait, it's taken me far too long to come here." Nicole added, sounding excited, the nerves seemingly subsided.

"We're happy you're here." Clara replied. "Hey, Lizzie, maybe you will join us one day too?"

"Oh, I don't know, maybe one day." I said, sounding very non-committal. 

The car pulled up at a clearing in the trees where a stone building stood in the darkness. It looked like a large old chapel and had rounded wooden doors. There were dim lights outside which made it seem imposing and little scary in the night. I thought to myself that horror movies usually start this way.
