 She carries herself in an easy, ambling manner, so open and relaxed, but still definitely in charge. Her down-home, working-class demeanor makes me picture her riding a horse on a ranch or belting down shots in a drinking contest with Indiana Jones. She's a little older than I thought at first, probably mid-thirties, but in great shape and vibrant as hell. Fairly petite, close to my size, and not what you'd call voluptuous, her body is trim and fit. Her hair was long, thick and lustrous down her back, though it's usually tied back in a ponytail. Dark brown, it's thick and full and just a little wild. 

She has a quick, bright smile and her green eyes sparkle when she speaks, her voice filled with vibrancy and enthusiasm. And oh yes, that voice. My god, the sound of it just drives me crazy. There is a tinge of midwestern drawl and a husky, breathy timbre that conjures up the term "whiskey and cigarettes" every time I hear it. The simple explanation is that Kim's voice makes me think of sex - sex with her. I keep imagining the wonderful noises she will make while I'm going down on her. 

Of course, that activity is all in my mind at this point. I have not had the pleasure of going down on her, or kissing her, or even touching her at this point. I have been subtly pursuing her for a couple of months, showing up regularly at the little fruit and vegetable stand she and her husband, Jerry, run at the open market. By this time she knows me, by sight if not by name. I always make conversation, smile sweetly, and drop occasional hints (apparently unnoticed) of my sexual preference, hoping to find an "in" to go further.

I'm hoping today provides that opportunity. It's not as busy as usual - just a few customers other than me. Kim tends to them while Jerry works in the back, as usual, unloading produce from a truck. I dawdle for a bit, pretending to peruse the merchandise, but really just waiting for the others to finish up and leave me alone with Kim. As I wait, I notice that Jerry is not the nicest person around. He's cranky and overbearing, especially to Kim. It pisses me off, but that's none of my business, at least not today.

At last the other customers are gone and I move in to start a conversation. As an intro, I choose the small tattoo that I've noticed in our previous encounters - a delicate little butterfly, pretty and feminine on her equally delicate right wrist. "Love your tat," I say, doing my best to keep the tone friendly and casual. "It's the perfect size - subtle, not too obvious. I love that."

"Oh, thanks," she replies in that deep, sexy voice, flashing a huge, brilliant smile. "I have a few more, but I keep them covered." She gives me a conspiratorial wink with her reply. Aha, here's an opening. 

"Oh," I say with a playful grin, just a hint of a leer, "they're in the naughty places, huh?" Luckily, she laughs at my little innuendo. 

"Well, in a little more private places, anyway," she replies. Then rolling her eyes in self-deprecation, she adds, "They're from my younger days." 

I give her my warmest smile as I take the opportunity to compliment her. "I'd say those 'younger days' are pretty recent."

She returns my smile. "You're sweet," she says. 

"I've thought about getting a tattoo a few times," I tell her, "but I always chicken out. I don't know if it's the pain that worries me or the permanence of the decision." 

Kim smiles at my naiveté. "The pain ain't much, sugar," she says with another wink, "just some pin-pricks. You could take it. Though it stings a little more in certain places." I love that she calls me "sugar", and her last comment makes me think about where those other tattoos might be on Kim's body. I wonder if I'll ever get the chance to see them. I certainly hope so.

I continue to make small talk, doing my best to keep the conversation going, at the same time taking in the sight of Kim, enjoying the smooth curves of her arms and legs, the elegant movement of her lithe, athletic body. She's wearing jeans today - tight, form-fitting jeans that show off her shapely legs and the smooth arch of her butt. I've always been a "butt girl" and Kim's is just exquisite - round and tight and absolutely mesmerizing. I struggle to focus on the conversation, as I want her more and more with each passing minute.

Finally I run out of words and notice that other customers are waiting for Kim's attention. Jerry yells at her to "pick it up!" and I excuse myself: "Well, I'll get out of your way. By the Way, my name is Milene." I extend my hand and Kim takes it for a gentle, polite shake. Her touch sends a shiver up my leg, but of course she doesn't know that. With a sincere smile and bid her goodbye until next time.

      ......

Two weeks later...

I'm back at the market, about to make a beeline for Kim's stand, but I'm not alone this time. I've brought along Cheri, a new friend of mine. I've been seeing Cheri for several weeks, the result of a drunken pick-up at a local girl-bar that ended in a night of surprising, delicious passion. The sex is incredible, but we both know that there's not much else there. We're just too different. I am pretty much vanilla, a "lipstick lesbian", while Cheri is more obviously counter-culture, with a goth-punk look - lots of leather, multicolored hair, tattoos down her arms, and several piercing. But she's also very trim and very pretty, and the combination of beauty and nontraditional naughtiness is more than I can resist. Whenever Cheri wants it, I'm in her bed in a flash, and that's exactly what happened last night.

After some additional early morning lovemaking, I suggested that we go to the market together, and luckily, Cheri agreed. I say luckily because, I must admit, I have a hidden agenda today. I'm hoping to use Cheri as a "prop" to provide Kim with a subtle indication of my lifestyle. And hopefully, pique her interest.

We wander around a bit, until I finally get us over to Kim's stand. There are a few other customers there, but Kim finally notices me and gives me a little wave and a bright-eyed smile. I acknowledge her wave with a secret smile and make sure she notices whom I'm with. Once I know Kim is looking, I make a point of touching Cheri a lot, in places that two casual friends would avoid. I put my arm around her waist, squeezing gently, then run my hand up her side and back down, trailing knowingly over the firm swell of her ass. 

"Damn, girl," Cheri whispers, "you're horny again, aren't you?" 

"Sorry," I respond, "I just can't keep my hands off you."

"Well, babe," she says with her best bedroom eyes, "if you play your cards right, I just might let you get your hands back on my goodies." The she leans into my ear to add in a sultry whisper. "And your mouth, too."

Despite the game I'm playing, using Cheri to get to Kim, I feel a surge of moisture between my legs at the promise in Cheri's voice. I'm not usually one for public displays of affection, but I can't resist pulling Cheri's head down slightly for a lusty, open-mouth kiss. She pulls away with a satisfied smile and announces that she needs to hit the restroom. I give her directions - it's a block away - and she takes off, leaving me there alone with my beautiful quest.

The scenario has actually worked out perfectly for me. Not only has Cheri provided me some private time with Kim (I've been to that restroom and I know it will be a long wait), but we gave Kim exactly the show I was hoping for. And I know Kim saw it. She is eyeing me curiously now as she takes care of another customer. 

That transaction finishes and at last I am alone with my darling Kim. I give her a big, innocent smile and greet her with "Hey, how you doing?"

"I'm good," she responds, but in her eyes I can see her mind working, processing what she just saw me doing. Finally she continues, "So, your friend really has some tats, doesn't she?"

"Oh yeah," I respond, nonchalantly, "they look good on her, don't you think? Pretty hot." I look at Kim directly as I say this, making sure my eyes display the unabashed lust I feel for Cheri.

Kim just looks at me for a second, clearly thinking, wondering what to say. Finally she says, awkwardly, "So, you two seem to be pretty close."

This is going just as I'd hoped! "No, not really," I respond. "We like each other a lot, so far. But we really haven't known each other very long, and it's nothing serious. We're just friends." I say this all very lightly, but then I add, with a meaningful smile, looking right into Kim's eyes, "...with benefits, of course."

Her suspicions confirmed, Kim can't help but react, a deep blush filling her face. But she's not embarrassed to the point of silence. She looks at me blankly for a few long moments and finally responds with a quiet, "I see." She starts to turn away, but then quickly flips her inquisitive gaze back to me. "Seriously???" she says, with an almost incredulous look, "I never would have guessed you were a ... dyke." Immediately she catches herself and adds, embarrassed, "Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean... it's just that ... you look so sweet and ..." 

"Normal?" I ask with an ironic smile. 

"No ... No!" she objects apologetically. "Actually I was going to say ... 'wholesome', or something like that."

That does make me laugh - I get that comment a lot. In fact, I know I attract some women precisely because I look wholesome and, essentially, straight. 

"It's okay," I assure her with a smile, "I don't mind being called a dyke. Lot's of us use that term. Besides," I add, giving her a subtle little leer as I finish my thought, "... dykes have more fun." 

She responds with an amused look, one eyebrow raised with skepticism. "Oh yeah?" she says. 

"Well, to each her own, I guess."

I move closer to speak more quietly, more personally. "Don't knock it till you've tried it," I say with a warm smile, then add flirtatiously, "and if you ever want to try it, just let me know."

My come on doesn't seem to bother her, but it doesn't persuade her, either. "Sorry, sugar," she says with an understanding smile. "You're real cute, but I don't do girls."

Her words say 'No' but I can sense a trace of interest or curiosity. In any case, I'm not giving up that easily. "That's okay," I respond with my best bedroom eyes, "I understand you don't do girls. But the real question is: 'Will you let a girl do you?'" I run my hand lightly over her arm as I continue my pitch, "Because I promise you it will be better than you ever imagined."

She looks at me skeptically. "Now what makes you think I've ever imagined anything," she says with an amused smirk. Then, tapping her finger on her wedding ring, she adds, "Seriously, hon, I'm not into pussy." Wow, just hearing her say that word sends a thrill up my leg. 

"Okay," I counter, "but you don't have to be 'into pussy'. I'll do everything. Trust me, you'll like it. It will be an experience you'll never forget - or regret."

Kim says nothing, but I can feel her resolve cracking as she looks at me. I'm sure I don't fit the image she's always had of a "dyke". I give her my sweetest, promising smile and let my hopes rise a little. "And really," I continue, "it's not like you'd be stepping out on your husband with another guy - just having a little girly fun. He'd never have to know." 

Kim tilts her head to the side as she looks at me, as if she's thinking, "What do I do with this one?" Then at last she gives me a gracious smile and says, "I'll think about it." She's probably just humoring me, letting me down easy, but at least she's left the option open. 

"Okay," I say pleasantly, "see you next time." In the distance, I see Cheri returning and move off in that direction. 

"Let's go back to your place," I say as soon as I reach her. "I want some more of you." 

Cheri smiles smugly at my desire for her. "Sure, babe," she says. "That's what I like about you. You look so sweet and innocent, but in the sack you're a total slut. And I'm just the girl to give you what you want."

We return to Cheri's place and I absolutely ravish her, diving between her legs and licking her to a series of intensely pleasurable orgasms. Cheri gets as wet as anyone I've ever been with, which turns me on even more. I absolutely eat her up as she fills my mouth with her yummy cuntcream. I even rim her - a treat I had yet to give her - and she loves it, too, reaching back to spread her cheeks and begging for more, calling me a "delicious whore." Of course she doesn't realize that all the time I'm pleasuring her, I'm thinking about doing the same things to my lovely Kim. I should feel bad about that, but I don't. I gave Cheri some incredible girlsex, and what she doesn't know can't hurt her, and besides, I suspect she might even be turned on by the idea of me lusting after a straight woman like Kim.

     ......

One week later...

I've been thinking about Kim all week, even more than usual. I suppose it's because I sense that I'm getting closer to my goal, that I have an actual chance of convincing Kim to come to bed with me. At last, Saturday is here and once again I'm at the market. It's late morning, a time when I've found the market to be a little less busy than other times. I'm hoping that I can find Kim alone at her stand. I'm surprised at how nervous I am.

I walk over near her stand and find her busy with several customers. It's a warm day, and Kim is dressed for comfort in short, cutoff jeans and a tank top that she has raised up to exposed her stomach. My god she looks sexier than ever, like a dream. I stay in the background for now, waiting several stands away until the other customers are gone. As I approach the stand, I notice that she is indeed alone this morning - no Jerry in sight. I ask about this and Kim tells me that Jerry is out of town, visiting his sick mother or some such thing. Whatever it is, it's perfect for me, because it means that Kim is temporarily unattached. If ever there was a time to complete the seduction, this is it.

I check out the produce, pick out a few things and hand them to Kim for purchase. There is tension in the air - we both feel it, but neither acknowledges it. Finally, unable to wait any longer, I ask her coyly, "So, did you think any more about what we discussed last time?" 

I'm sure she hasn't, at least not to the extent of saying "Yes", but I have to keep pushing. You never get anything you want unless you try.

I detect as slight blush in Kim's face. She HAS been thinking about it, at least some! She tries to avoid the question by asking her own. "What about your girlfriend?" she asks. "What would she think about that?"

Her question actually plays right into my intentions. "You mean Cheri?" I ask. "She's not my girlfriend. As I told you, that's very casual, definitely NSA. We hook up pretty regularly, but we're not in a relationships. We're just ... you know?"

Kim's response surprises me. "Just ... fuck buddies?" she asks bluntly. I can't tell if it's a simple question or an accusation, an indicator of my loose morals.

"Uh, yeah, I guess that's right," I respond. "We both know what we want and right now we're getting it. In any case, that has nothing to do with you and me."

She eyes me warily for a few seconds. "And just what does have to do with 'you and me'?" she asks.

I see my chance now. I can tell that some little bit of her is opening up to the possibility before her. I press forward: "Come on, Kim," I say in my sweetest, most persuasive voice, 

"Live a little. Aren't you just the least bit curious? They say every woman has a secret desire to be with another woman. Don't you want to find out what it's like?"

She says nothing, just looks back at me as she contemplates my proposal. Seeing her resolve starting to crack, I try to close the sale. "Kim, look at me. I'm not some nasty bull dyke. I'm just like you." I move closer to her, subtly closing the distance between us, lowering my voice to a more intimate level. "Kim, I promise that if we try it and you don't like it, I'll stop and we can forget all about it, no questions asked, no guilt." Again I get the blank stare, so I quietly add, touching her arm for effect, "But believe me, I know you're going to like it."

Kim smiles self-consciously and looks off to the side as she considers what I've said. "I don't know," she starts hesitantly, and then her voice trails off. I decide to try the passive approach, just giving her an understanding smile while I let her think. I can see that she's close to agreeing, but now is not the time to push too hard.

Finally, however, I can't hold back. I can see she's oh so close, and it's now or never. I lean in to whisper in her ear. "I guarantee you it will be wonderful. It's better with a girl - we can go on forever." I pause for a moment to let that thought sink in, smile warmly and lightly touch her hip as I move closer to give my closing argument, "I give great oral. I'll make you cum more times than you thought possible." As a final touch, I give her a light kiss on her ear.

I pull away to see her reaction. She's a little flustered by my forwardness, her eyes darting back and forth between my face and some distant point. She looks from side to side, as if someone might have heard our private whispers. Finally, she reaches for a pen and paper and hurriedly scribbles down a number. She slips the paper to me and says, "I'm done here at 5:00. Call my cell." She looks away as soon as she's said it, and suddenly another customer is there, conveniently diverting her to a different topic. As she deals with this new person, she gives me furtive glances that indicate it's time for me to go. She's nervous, maybe a little ashamed at giving in to her hidden desires, but that doesn't matter now. I've got her and I'm thrilled. 

I mouth the words "I'll call at five," over the new person's shoulder and scoot off before she can change her mind.

     ......

I said I'd call, but instead I just show up in person at 5:00. I don't want her backing out, and that's too easy to do on the phone. As I approach the produce stand, I can see Kim cringe slightly as she sees me coming. She's probably been thinking about this and starting to wonder what she's gotten herself into, and how she can get out of it. But I'm determined not to let that happen.

"Hi, Kim," I say brightly, giving no indication of the lust that's boiling up inside me. 

There's a long painful pause before she utters a simple "Hi."

"I'm a little early," I say, "but I thought you could use some help packing up, with Jerry gone and all."

Kim smiles and says "Yeah, thanks." I help her break down the booth and put everything away. It's the least I can do, and in this case, hopefully, the payback will be wonderful. As we work, I take every chance I can find to touch her, just lightly on the arm or the back, nothing that would appear unusual to anyone watching us, but lingering just a little, insinuating, adding a meaningful look to remind Kim of the things I said earlier. 

Once we finish packing up, I suggest we go for some coffee. I figure it's a nice "neutral site" and Kim seems to agree. We find a nearby coffee shop, order a couple of lattes, and sit down. The conversation is a little stifled. We both know the subtext here, and we're both a little nervous - Kim because she knows what I want, me because I fear she maybe deny me.

Finally, I address the elephant in the room. "So, are we going to do this, Kim?" I ask, reaching across the table to touch her hand. "I hope you're not going to disappoint me." I add a playful pout to make my point.

Kim's response is a long, silent stare. I sense she's having a dialogue within herself, an angel-devil argument about the question at hand. At last, she gives a response - an almost imperceptible nod and a quiet, "Sure, okay."

Not a resounding "Yes" but I still cannot suppress my smile, which I'm sure is big enough to fill the room. Before I can say anything, Kim says, "We can go to my house. It's close and it's just me until tomorrow night." I quickly agree, and Kim waits for me to get my car and follow her to her house, a modest bungalow about a mile away.
