 "So, who wants a Margarita?!?!?" Teri yelled from the kitchen. Everyone else was sitting in the living room, chatting away and laughing again. "Me!"

"I do!"

"Sure thing!"

"Me too!"...were the responses from the group. No one wanted the fun to end. Teri whipped up a quick batch in the blender, filled the glasses, and then brought one out to everyone. They sat around and sipped on their drinks for a while before Teri finally asked if anyone wanted to play any games..."there's a pool table in the other room...or we could all play Twister." Everyone consented that Twister sounded like fun...Rebecca agreed to be the spinner and let everyone else play, since she thought it might be a little difficult to play in her outfit. 

They all took their positions and Rebecca spun the wheel. "Left-foot, red," she said. Everyone placed their left foot on a red circle. "That sure was easy," said Daniela. "It gets much harder," Teri said..."but a lot more fun too"...as she winked at Daniela. Rebecca spun the wheel again..."right-hand yellow." Everyone bent at the waist and lurched across the board, placing their right hand on an available spot. Rebecca, standing behind everyone, quickly noted everyone's asses sticking up in the air..."I've sure got a nice view from here." Everyone giggled. Rebecca spun again..."right-foot, green." Now it was getting difficult...Eva struggled with Teri for the same spot, and lost her balance...down she went, nearly knocking Teri over too. Daniela had it easy, but Claire had to flip around so her chest was facing up in order to get her spot. 

"All right, I guess I'm sitting out for now," Eva said as she went to sit on the couch. 

"Left-foot, yellow," said Rebecca. The three-remaining girls twisted and squirmed...Teri's ass ended up right in front of Daniela's face. Daniela thought to herself how nice Teri's ass looked...Teri's tight pants revealed every tiny curve, and Daniela could see exactly where her pussy was and imagine how nice it probably looked under those clothes...it reminded her of her encounter with Rebecca earlier. She could feel the heat building insider her again...her juices started to flow and she could feel her pussy getting moist. She looked at Teri's ass again...she couldn't resist any longer...she opened her mouth and bit down fairly hard on her ass. Teri yelped, lost her balance, and fell over. "Hey, that's no fair."

"Woops, my fault," said Daniela, giggling. Teri started laughing too..."that sort of hurt."

"Well, it just looked so good sitting there in front of me...I couldn't resist...I had to take a bite," a huge smile widening across Daniela's face. "That's okay...I think I'll just go change into something more comfortable," said Teri. "I will too," Eva agreed. They both headed back to the bedrooms as Daniela and Claire finished their game of Twister.

Teri stepped into her room and walked over to the closet. After undressing, she grabbed her new outfit for the evening from her dresser. She slipped into the fitted cottony tank-top...it only covered to just above her belly-button...showing off her cute little gold belly-ring, set with a green stone. Pulling on her cotton panties, she tied the strings on each side at her hips...she took extra care to insure that the strings weren't tied too tight...that way, only one little tug is all that it would take to get those things off of her. 

Teri rubbed her hand over her ass...recalling the moment when Daniela had tried to take a chunk out of her. Teri wasn't sure if it was the fact that she was a little drunk, or just that Daniela was rather scrumptious looking tonight...but that bite had turned her on. She ran her other hand over her mound, applying a small pressure to her clit...she could tell she was becoming wet just thinking about it. There was a quick knock at the door...as she turned around, she noticed Eva standing in the doorway staring at her. Teri thought to herself...did she just see me doing that...her cheeks became slightly flushed. "Wow, you look gorgeous sweetie...very cute...almost good enough to eat," said Eva as she winked at Teri.

Teri stood there for a second, and then her mouth dropped a tad. Eva had put on some cream-white silk pajamas...the silk on her flesh gave her goose-bumps and had made her nipples stand erect. The pajama-top was button-up...but she had left the top couple of buttons loose so that her cleavage still showed. The pajama-bottoms were baggy shorts...but fit her well enough to see her every curve. "You look good too...that silk looks comfy," Teri said as she crossed the room towards Eva. She ran her hand along Eva's sleeve, down her hip to her shorts..."yeah, that's real nice." She continued to slide her hand along Eva's body...running it up across her stomach towards her breasts. She glided the back of hand lightly across Eva's nipple..."very nice." Eva had to bite down on her lip just a little to keep from moaning..."your hand sure feels good." Eva reached over and slid her fingers down Teri's waist to the place where her panties were tied...Eva looked at the strings longingly, fiddling with them. She thought about how much she just wanted to tug on that string...like it was just meant to be untied.

Teri's belly ring caught Eva's eye. Eva ran her fingers across Teri's stomach and touched the ring..."this is really cute too." Eva knelt down, putting her face right in front of Teri's belly..."maybe I should get one of these," Eva said. Teri was nearly trembling with excitement...she could feel Eva's breath on her stomach, sending shivers through her entire body...she clenched her hands and bit her lip to stop herself from just grabbing Eva and fulfilling her desires. Teri ran her hands through Eva's short hair to try and distract herself..."this hairstyle looks really great on you." Eva pursed her lips and pressed them against Teri's stomach...and then exhaled, the soft air flowing across Teri's stomach. Teri couldn't stand it any longer and let out a soft moan of delight. Eva kissed Teri again, and again...placing several soft kisses all around her belly-button. 

Eva's hands slid up the outside of Teri's legs...she ran them up to her hips, and then around to her ass. She caressed her fingernails along the edge of Teri's panties...running them along her flesh down to the backs of her thighs. Then, Eva stuck her tongue into Teri's belly-button...then around her belly-ring. Placing her lips around the ring, she gently sucked on it. Teri let out another moan. Eva continued to place small kisses across Teri's body...she moved her mouth down along the edge of Teri's panties...first across the top, then she started to move down the right side, down to her thighs. She ran her hand along the left side of her panties, and then placed it directly on top of them. Eva applied a little pressure with two of her fingers and slid them along Teri's mound, down to her thigh. Then she placed her mouth on top of her panties and pushed her lips into them, right where Teri's clit was. Eva exhaled deeply and Teri could feel the warm breath through her panties, gliding over her pussy.

Teri was burning up...she could tell that her pussy was soaking wet. She desperately wanted Eva's tongue and fingers inside her...she wanted Eva to touch her where no other woman had touched her before. Teri grabbed Eva's hand and pulled her back to a standing position. Teri stared into Eva's eyes for a second then looked at her lips...they leaned towards each other and their lips touched. Their lips opened during the kiss and their tongues shot out, longing to be touched by the other. Teri's hand cupped Eva's breast through the pajamas...her thumb running back and forth across Eva's erect nipple...Eva moaned as they kissed. 

Eva caressed her hand across Teri's shoulder...sliding the shoulder strap of her top down onto her arm. Eva moved her lips to Teri's cheek, kissing it...then over to her ear, exhaling slightly at first, then placing her lips over the earlobe and gently sucking. Eva continued to make soft kisses down Teri's neck to her shoulder...she slid the other strap of the top off of Teri's shoulder. Eva began to kiss down Teri's chest as she slid her fingers under the tank-top and pulled it down to expose her breasts.

Eva noticed the comfy-looking bed behind Teri and directed her back towards it. Slowly lowering Teri's back onto the bed, Eva began to kiss Teri's breasts. She started by circling her nipples...first the left one...then the right one. Then Eva placed her lips around one and gently sucked, sliding her tongue across the tip of it, making it even more erect than it already was. Eva kissed her way back up Teri's chest, to her mouth again...and they embraced in another long kiss. Eva slid her hand down to Teri's panties...slowly sliding her fingers underneath the fabric and along her clit. She took two of her fingers and began to slowly massage her clit area. Occasionally she would slide her fingers along the length of Teri's pussy...it was dripping with wetness, and Eva's fingers were making it even wetter.

Eva kissed her way back down Teri's chest...as she did so, Eva's fingers found the strings tied at Teri's waist. Eva grabbed one end and tugged, just as her mouth was kissing across Teri's belly-button...the string came apart in one tug. Teri's panties fell away, revealing her well-trimmed bush and dripping pussy. Eva kissed along Teri's bush...and then she gave her pussy a little lick, right along her clit. Teri moaned and grabbed Eva's head with her hand, gently pushing Eva's mouth into her clit. Eva slid one of her hands up Teri's thigh to her pussy and slowly entered one finger half-way in. Eva continued to lick Teri's clit as she brought her other hand up to Teri's breast...caressing it...running her hand over the nipple...gently squeezing and then tweaking the nipple.

As Eva continued to caress Teri's clit with her tongue, she pushed her finger farther and farther into Teri's pussy...rubbing against the area just below her clit. Then Eva inserted another finger alongside the first...continuing to lick on her clit. Teri was writhing and moaning with pleasure...she couldn't believe this was happening. She had had thoughts of being with another woman...but had no idea that it would be this great...apparently, Eva knew the exact places to touch to make her burn with uncontrollable desire. Eva started to massage Teri's pussy faster and faster...Teri could feel herself about to orgasm...she grabbed Eva's head with both hands. "Uhhhh....uhhhh...yes...Yes." Teri bit down on her lip to try to quiet herself...she started to cum...and she couldn't hold it any longer..."AHHH!...YES!...YES!!!" Eva felt Teri's warm juices run over both her fingers...but she continued to slide her fingers in and out...continued to slide her tongue over Teri's clit. A little more of this, and Teri came again...she couldn't believe it. Eva slowly pulled her fingers out and raised her head up...she kissed Teri one last time on her belly again before sitting up.

Teri lay there, unable to move for a few minutes. Eva glided her hands across Teri's breasts and stomach...caressing her as she came back to her senses. "If I'm not mistaken, I think you may have enjoyed that," Eva said as she winked at Teri. Still trying to catch her breath, Teri said, "yes...yes I did...very much so."

"You can pay me back later on tonight...as for now, we should probably get back to the rest of the group and see how they are doing," said Eva. Teri agreed as she pulled her straps back on and went to her dresser to find some dry panties.