 I woke up with a start. My body was damp with perspiration and my breathing fast. I was unsure of who's bed I was in. When I got a hold of myself I looked over the bedroom. It was mine. With a relief I looked at the man next to me. It was my husband Ron. I took some deep breaths and tried to relax, that is when I noticed my new nightgown.

The day before I received a call at work. I was sitting at my desk at three o'clock in the afternoon when my phone rang.

It was my best friend Lisa. She had been my college roommate. We had really bonded with each other and had become very close friends. Since Lisa's divorce she had once again called on me as a friend. Today was no different. When Lisa called me Pumpkin, I knew she was up to something. 

"Pumpkin, can you meet me at Applebee's at five?" 

"Why Lisa, what do you need me for? Let me guess, it's a guy? Lisa, I'm a married woman, I can't go leaning up against a bar to check out cock!"

"No Pumpkin, it's not like that. This salesman was in here today, Michael, he asked me to meet him there after work. I need you to go with me."

" Is he a scary guy or what? You should not go out with guy's like that Lisa"

"No Pumpkin, it's nothing like that. He has another rep traveling with him...."

I cut off Lisa in mid sentence. " Lisa, I can't date your Michael buddy."

"Pumpkin, it's not another guy, it's a woman. I just need you to entertain her while Mike and I get to know each other a little better.

I told Lisa I would meet her, but in the back of my mind I knew I would find a way to leave after a few minutes. 

I walked into Applebee's a few minutes past five o'clock. Lisa was there with Mike and the woman sales rep. They had a cozy booth in the back corner. Lisa introduced me to Mike, then to Angie. I sat down with the threesome and ordered a drink. I looked Mike over carefully. He was a handsome but had a hard military look about him. I thought Lisa wanted a soft hand; she would not get it with this guy.

Angie on the other hand was a petite woman. Light brunette hair, cut and styled beautifully. She wore a skirted business suit with a white blouse. She looked as she had breast enhancements. I was jealous of Angie, as I had always dreamed of having mine enlarged.

Angie and I sat there watching and listening to Lisa and Mike. It was obvious they where going to be naked in bed before the night was over.

Angie and I said a few things to each other just to be friendly, but we both where in situation that we did not want to be in. I finished my drink and told everyone I was going to the ladies room to freshen up. When I stood, Angie followed me away from the booth. Angie and I walked back towards the restrooms.

In the hall Angie spoke up. "Those two are going to be leaving soon."

I replied, "So be it." Then thought about her being stranded here at the restaurant. Quickly I added, "Do you need a ride to the hotel?"

Angie replied with a grateful sound in her voice. "Yes, would you be so kind?"

When Angie and I returned to the booth, Mike and Lisa had left. The waitress told us Mike had paid the tab. I turned to Angie and asked her where she was staying. She replied, "Evenings Inn, next door to Mike", with a laugh.

As we drove towards the hotel Angie and I got to know one and another better. I told her about Lisa and I going to college together, my husband and our careers.

Angie told me her husband was a sales rep, like her. His was with a clothing line, Chantelle French Lingerie. I told Angie I had heard of the line but had never seen it.

We arrived at the hotel. I pulled up under the protocol to let Angie out. Angie opened the door and stopped. She turned back to me and said, "My husband sent me off with two bottles of this wonderful French wine, would you like to share it with me?"

I smiled and said yes. I parked my car and we walked into the hotel. I followed Angie to her room. She unlocked the door and we entered her room. She told me to make myself comfortable. I sat down in the chair. That's when I heard the commotion from next door.

Angie looked at me and laughed, "that's Mike's room." They had adjoining rooms.

Angie removed her suit coat, throwing it onto the bed. She excused herself and entered the closet and returned with the bottle of wine. She pulled from her purse a corkscrew and opened the wine. She poured two glasses. Handing the glass to me she toasted "cheers". Next door, I think I heard Lisa cheering also.

I took a sip of wine, finding it was truly wonderful. I had never tasted a fine wine before. I asked Angie about her husband's lingerie line. If the wine was this good, maybe the lingerie was too. Angie replied she had brought a few of his things. She went to the dresser and pulled out a few soft very colorful things and spread them out onto the bed.

I picked up a bra first. It was so soft in my fingers; the cream color would look so nice with so many of my things. I told Angie it was beautiful. Next I examined a black camisole. I could smell Angie perfume on it. It was so light in weight and had the thinnest straps.

We both started laughing when heard the rhythmic noise you only hear from fucking couples. Angie curled her finger for me to follow her. We stepped into her closet. There on a hanger she had a midnight blue nightgown of sheer delight. She took it off the hanger and handed to me. It was so beautiful and again so soft to the touch.

Angie told me to try it on saying to me she thought it would fit me. I replied no, I could not. But Angie said sure you can, I'll be out here waiting. With that she left me alone.

I thought about it for a few seconds and gave in. I would never again in my life have chance to wear something this expensive. I peeled from my dress and shoes. I slipped the lingerie over my head. I examined myself in the door mirror. Something didn't look right. It was my bra and pantyhose. I lifted the gown and took off my bra and then pulled down my pantyhose and took another look into the mirror. 

I exclaimed, "Oh my god this is beautiful." Angie answered, "Let me see please." I stepped around the corner and found Angie wearing only her bra and her skirt. Before I could say anything she said it. "I wanted you to see this bra also." She stepped close to me. Her hand went to my shoulder. Her hand was warm. She turned me around and stood back. Looking over my shoulder I watched her examine me.

She told me that I looked truly beautiful in the gown. Then added that it fit me much better then her. She said it was too long for her and that one would never have something like this altered.

Angie stepped close to me once again. She took hold of my hand and pulled it towards her. She placed it on her bra saying, "touch this one, it's very soft too."

My legs begin to shake. I wanted to say something but couldn't. I looked into Angie's eyes. She looked into mine. Her lips parted and she stepped closer to me. I felt my knees wanting to buckle. I took a deep breath.

Angie's wet lips pressed against mine. My nose filled with her perfume, my mouth filled with the taste of her lipstick. I felt her hands move around my waist. Pulling me closer until I felt my hand on her breast being pinned between us. I removed my hand abruptly. I felt her warm hard breasts against mine. Our kiss lasted for a long time. My balance returned to my body. My breathing remained fast and shallow.

Angie's hands slipped up my back, to my neck, where she again pulled me closer to a kiss. Angie's kisses where tender and soft. My lips parted waiting for her tongue. I didn't have to wait long. She entered my mouth. Finding my tongue eager to play with hers. I heard my own little moan from deep in my throat. I felt butterflies zooming in my stomach. My brain was waiting for the lower feelings to start.

Like Angie was reading my mind, her hands went to my shoulders and she pushed the gowns straps to the side of my shoulders. The beautifully soft gown fell with the speed of a down feather to the floor.

Angie's face pressed against my breasts, kissing them every so softly. Her hands palmed my ribs, and then started their journey down my stomach to their final destination of my pelvic region. I spread my legs for her.

Angie's kissing followed her fingers, making their way to my waist, stopping there. Angie got onto her knees and then her kisses continued. I felt her thumbs spreading my lips and her finger on my clit. My stomach tightened to the touch.

Angie's tongue flicked my clit. I grabbed the back of her head and forced her closer. Her tongue entered me while her nose rubbed hard on my clit. I felt the first rush of my orgasm. As my orgasm built I was trying to gulp air in anticipation to savor the moment. When it came, I was over come with desire and sank to the floor.

I rolled on top of Angie. My lips went to her face and covered her with my kisses of thanks. Her fingers once again found their way to my snatch. I lifted my lower body to allow easy entry. My kissing followed her neck down to the tops of her breasts. I took hold of each breast and squeezed them. Angie's breasts where so firm and round. Her perfume entered my nostrils. 

Angie instructed me to take her bra off, using the front clip. I unlocked her mounds pushing the size D cups to the side. My mouth covered one of her nipples while my hand cupped the other breast.

I felt Angie unzipping her skirt and wiggling out of her panties, pushing them both down with her feet. I knew what was in store next. I was eager to find out, so I took the initiative and moved into a sixty-nine position on top of Angie.

Angie raised her knees and spread her self wide open for me. I stopped to look at her. She was shaven clean and of course a drop of fragrance filled my nose. With my fingers I opened her all the way up. My face dove into her, spreading her even more. Once my face was planted between her vaginal lips my tongue started exploring. The taste was delightful; I drank her as to avenge a life long thrust. My tongue darted around her button, flicking it every so often. My finger entered her cunt and curled upright to find her g spot.

It was hard trying concentrating on giving Angie the pleasure I wanted to give her. Angie's lips where holding my clit as a hostage. Sucking on it then releasing it. This feeling was so wonderful, I knew we where in a race to make the other one come first. I was going to win.

Angie's face fell away from my pussy. I felt her grip my legs tightly and her lower body lift just slightly. She gushed her cum over my face, we both drowned in her orgasm.

When Angie's cum had subsided enough to regain her concentration on me I was nearing my own orgasm. Angie and accelerated my climax with hers. 

I let loose a gentle scream that nearly rattled the artwork off the walls. My mouth was muffed by Angie's wet cunt. Gasping for oxygen I nearly drowned myself in Angie's cum. I swallowed quickly and started breathing through my nose.

Angie and I both were on our orgasmic plateau. The wonderful plateau where a woman will sustain her smaller climaxes until another big blow occurs. It was so much different with a woman than a man. I could feel her smaller ones at the same time mine where happening. She and I knew how to trigger each other by now.

Angie and I gave each other the orgasms we wanted. We wore each other out to where I could not longer hold my head up. My head fell into Angie's legs, my lungs sucked air and my body dripped in perspiration. 

Angie was saying she needed a drink. We moved around and found our wine. That didn't satisfy me and I walked to the sink and drank two glasses of water.

I returned to the bed and found Angie sipping on the wine. I sat down next to her and took my glass filling it with her wine. We sipped in the quiet of the night. There was no more noise coming from our friends in the other room. I looked at the clock radio on the nightstand and thought I should be getting home. I stood and Angie took my hand in to hers.

She stood up and held me in her arms, saying, " Would you spend the night?" I really wanted to, thinking what it would be like to spend a night with a sexy woman and then wake up with her. But, I had to get home to my husband. I told her that I felt obligated to go home now before it was too late. 

Angie said she understood. I picked up my clothes and her nightgown. When I tried to hand the gown to her she stopped me. She told me to keep it to remember her by. I dressed quickly, and then I kissed her goodbye and goodnight.

As I drove home I held the nightgown in my lap. At the stoplights I would feel the softness, much like Angie's skin. At the last traffic light before I arrived home I put the gown to my face. Her fragrance once again came in to my nostrils and invited my pussy to open.

I arrived home, my husband fast asleep I undressed myself. I thought what the heck, I would sleep the night in the gown.

I slipped in between the sheets; they felt cool to my skin. My husband's hand and arm went around my waist. I took a deep breath, but he remained sleeping.

I feel asleep with both of my hands between my legs holding my really worked over pussy.