 As I anticipated as soon I lay down in Ronda's bed I was out like a light. I had found my maid's outfit but left it on the end of the bed instead of getting dressed. I wanted her to find me naked in her bed and either make good on her threat to punish me or to make love to me. Either way would be good for me. I woke about 2.5 hours later. I was shocked when I saw the time. I got up and walked around the apartment. Ronda was nowhere to be found, although she had left a note for me on the table.

"My Dearest Tina," the note began. "Obviously you did not follow my instructions. Your punishment is you are not going to get what you so obviously crave. I've got better things to do than waste my time with a sub who can't follow my orders. Run home to hubby."

I was in tears reading her note. This isn't what I wanted at all. I got dressed and headed down to the garage but Ronda wasn't there either. One of the mechanics told me she had seemed upset and left without saying where she was going. I was devastated. Had I screwed up our relationship for good or was this just another power game she was playing? I tried calling her cell phone but she didn't answer. I did leave an apologetic message, but then I headed home. I didn't hear from her Thursday and then I didn't hear from her Friday. I was starting to get worried she was gone for good.

But Friday also brought a new opportunity. Friday night the mistresses had decreed to be a group party night. We had not had one for a while and the sense of anticipation in the office was palatable. Both Mistress Sharon and Mistress Linda had told us we were going to a minor league baseball game, but other than that, we didn't know what was going to happen. They had been especially tight lipped during our office sessions the last two days. I'd cleared with Jim that we had a company outing and not to expect me home early. All of the mistresses and slaves were supposed to be coming so I wondered if Judy would be given an exception to keep Jim from questioning our activities.

At 4pm Mistress Linda told me to head downstairs to Mistress Sharon's office. I gleefully turned off my PC. I doubt any of us had been getting much work done that afternoon anyway so I rushed downstairs. Toni was not at her desk. I walked down the hall and knocked on my mistress' door. I heard her call me in. I could see Toni's legs under Mistress Sharon's desk. I was a little jealous, but I had no doubt that I would be servicing our mistresses soon enough.

I waited as Toni completed her task. Mistress did not have an earth shattering climax, but she seemed pleased. She then told both of us to strip while she told us of the plan for the evening. As she talked I could feel my pussy getting wet. Mistress Sharon opened her desk drawer and pulled out two of my favorite toy. She had two of Mistress Suzy's infamous remote vibration panties. Mistress Sharon had grabbed two of the good sized butt plugs, a generous vaginal dildo and of course the clit vibrating attachments and placed them on the table. She seemed to enjoy watching the expressions on our faces as we willingly secured the diabolical devices to our overheating bodies. Mistress Sharon said all of the slaves would be similarly accessorized tonight and I knew we were in for a group tease of epic proportions.

The plan was simple. We were all going to the baseball game. Each mistress would keep one of the remotes in her purse and could change the settings for everyone at the same time. The contest was for the slaves to hold back from cumming as long as possible. After the game, everyone was heading over to Suzy's house for an orgy. The first girl to cum would be low girl on the totem pole. She would have to service all the other slaves. The second slave to cum would have to service everyone but the first girl and so on. The slave who held out the longest would only have to serve the mistresses and if she didn't cum at all, then she could spank the other slaves and would be given immunity to servicing the mistresses if she wanted. I said if I won my mistress didn't have to worry. I'd always choose to service her.

Mistress Sharon tested her remote. Instantly both Toni and I jumped as our panties came to life. She then had us dress in matching baseball uniform shirts and tight black shorts. The shorts hugged my ass and insured the vibrators would be held fast. The panties were set to low and we walked out to Sharon's convertible. Toni and I both got in the cramped back seat while Mistress Sharon drove. It felt weird to have her chauffeuring us through town. I was expecting to head straight to the ballpark but instead we went to a park with a nature trail. 

"Don't tell your sister slaves, but I want to help you two win," she said.

She had us get out of the car. She then cuffed our hands in front of us to "set the mood." She was kind enough to give us each a windbreaker to put between our wrists to hide the cuffs. She then turned the remote up to half...

"I want you to walk the trail. It's about a mile and a half. I'll turn the panties up to medium. If you can cum before you get back, it will be our little secret. Off you go."

I looked at Toni. She was already feeling the effects of the triple erogenous teasing. I wasn't sure if I could cum on the medium setting. I knew I would be totally aroused by a brisk 15 minute walk with my hands tied and clit being teased, but I was afraid a public orgasm might not happen. Still, time was wasting so we headed out.

I guess Friday night was a popular one in the park. There were people everywhere. We had to be careful to hide our cuffs and the embarrassment proved arousing. The quicker we walked, the more insistent the panty's vibrations became. Although we were in a crowd, I didn't sense anybody was particularly watching us. If we had any kind of cover I would have suggested to Toni that we hump each other's legs and get off, but there was not any good hiding places on the trail. As we were walking I felt my cell phone buzz in my front pocket. Somebody had just sent me a text message. With Toni's help, I was able to hide the handcuffs while I contorted my wrists enough to grab my phone. I assumed it was Mistress Sharon sending us some task to complete in the park. Toni was looking over my shoulder as I lifted up my phone. I could see on the display the number was Ronda's.

"It's from my husband," I lied as I shielded the screen from her view. The message was short and to the point as Ronda tended to be. "We need to talk."

I quickly deleted the message. Having one mistress discover messages from another would not be good for anybody. I chuckled as if Jim had sent me something witty and shoved the phone back in my pocket. Suddenly the vibrations in my holes and on my clit didn't seem as insistent as I began to worry about Ronda. Of course that concern didn't last as the panties worked their magic.

In the end we returned to the car panting in need, but as was usually the case, unfulfilled. Mistress Sharon mocked us for not cumming saying that wasn't going to help our chances. We both knew our unsatisfied walk was part of the plan, but that didn't make us feel any better. 

We both got in the back seat again. This time Mistress Sharon secured our hand behind our back using the car's LATCH system. I bet the designers of car seats didn't plan on their hooks being used for that purpose. Once we were secured Mistress Sharon took the liberty of unbuttoning the tops of our jerseys to maximize the amount of cleavage we could show. She also turned the panties up to high. Now that was what I really wanted. 

"I expect you both to cum before we get to the baseball field. However, we're still going to have a little contest. Whoever lasts longer will be serviced by the loser Monday morning. Deal?"

We both readily agreed. I didn't particularly care if I lost. It was a pleasure to service Toni. I was pretty sure she felt the same way about me. Sharon drove us to the ballpark. Both Toni and I were on display in the backseat and quickly reaching the zenith of explosive climaxes.

Toni was the first to go over the edge. We hit a bump as Sharon pulled her convertible into the gravel parking lot of the baseball stadium. As the rear axle bounced, we both rebounded off the seatbelt and wrist restraints forcing the vibrators deeper into our holes. Having been on the edge of release for the last several miles, this extra sensation was the last straw for Toni. She attempted to hide the pleasure surging through her body as other patrons walked past the car toward the gate. Her face was a dead giveaway to the pleasure she was experiencing and that was enough to trigger my own orgasm. Mine wasn't as strong as hers, but it was obvious to Sharon that I too had cum. Quickly thereafter the panties shut off. 

I suppose it looked very strange that the driver of the sports convertible had to lean over into the backseat to fiddle with something behind her passengers as Sharon unlocked our cuffs. Both Toni and I brought our hands to our laps to rub our wrists. We then climbed out of the back seat. I can't speak for Toni, but I assume her erogenous zones were as sensitive as mine at that moment. Even with the panties off, the movement of the various apparatus contained within was maddening. After we exited the car Sharon put the top back up and we walked toward the stadium. We were the last from the group to arrive. All of the slaves looked stressed. I couldn't tell if they had been given the release Toni and I had just enjoyed.

Everyone from the group was there, including Judy. I guess she hadn't been given the night off to fuck my husband. We had a block of seats in four rows. Each mistress sat with her slaves. Mistress Linda along with my co-workers Becky, Molly and Cathy were in the first row of our section. Lisette and Jill joined Mistress Suzy in the next row. Mistress Sharon, Toni and I were next and finally Mistress Faith, Judy and Helen were behind us. I never heard how our positions were decided or if it was just random. 

We were all chatting and drinking beer until the game started. When the first pitch was thrown, the panties turned on. I could tell the slaves sitting in front of me flinched at the same time I did so true to Mistress Sharon's promise, everybody must have been being controlled by the same remote. I saw Mistresses Linda and Suzy whisper something in their charges' ears. Mistress Sharon soon informed us that a bathroom break would happen after the fourth inning and we would be going amass to be sure nobody sought relief before then. It was also decided that the orgasm competition would be a team event. Instead of ranking the slaves individually for who could hold out the longest, whichever team came last would be declared the victor. Suddenly our mistress allowing us to cum in the parking lot looked shrewd indeed.

I almost protested that Mistress Linda had a team of three, but in my experience Molly was always a quick cummer when a vibrator was involved so she really wasn't that much of benefit to them. True to form, she came in the bottom of the second inning and was the first out of the competition. In fact, she was also the second one to cum just before our bathroom break. I was thankful when the fourth inning ended. Beer always went right through me and I had to go.

I fully expected our mistresses to have some kind of kinky adventure waiting for us in the bathroom, but other than the challenge of getting the panties off and then reinserting the vibes without fucking ourselves senseless, the process was straight forward. All of the vibes were off for the duration of the field trip to the washroom and nobody made embarrassing comments in front of the other women in the bathroom.

Leaving the washroom it was decided we should all take a stroll around the park. This was obviously meant to tease us all and the setting of our panties to medium fueled this suspicion. Becky and Lisette were the next to cum. Lisette in particular had to stop and hold onto one of the stadium's support beams for balance. She was so cute when she came. I almost felt sorry for her trying to act normal as an orgasm ripped through her in full view of hundreds of screaming baseball fans. Cathy was now the long holdout from Mistress Linda's team and she must have been feeling the pressure. I felt good about our chances. Toni seemed to be enjoying herself, but in control. Jill would be a challenge as she could always take a lot of teasing. I didn't know much about Helen. She was an unknown along with Judy.

Returning to our seats the mistresses began to up the speed with each inning. I could tell they were determined to have a winner before the game was over. It was a lovely night to be outside at the ballpark. Lovely for everybody who wasn't struggling to hold back from a very loud public orgasm at least. Mistress Linda was the first to be out of the competition as Cathy succumbed to her temptation with a visible shiver and audible moan. Linda lamented that her slaves would need far more training before the next group outing. I snickered to myself that she didn't know what training was as I thought about Ronda.

My thoughts about Ronda proved to be my secret weapon as one by one all of the other slaves, including Toni, gave in to their lusts and came in their seats. Some, like Judy, were loud enough that I'm sure the people sitting around us suspected she just came. Others, like Jill, were quiet as a mouse and except for a change in breathing and a confession to losing her battle, you never would have suspected she just climaxed in front of you. I continued to think about how Ronda would keep me on the edge and threaten me if I came. I was also thinking about what she wanted to talk to me about and how she was probably steaming right now that I had not called her back. In the end it was enough distraction to keep me from having a very public outcry even when the panties were set near the top speed. I almost gave in as the other girls enjoyed multiple waves of pleasure as the mistresses were determined to get me over the edge. There was no downside to my sisters in servitude not holding back and they took advantage of the opportunity to get the pleasures they had been denied during the week. 

Mistress Sharon appeared proud of my new found ability to resist cumming although I could tell Linda, Faith and Suzy were not so amused. Still I had secured victory for our team. I could have easily allowed myself to be transported to a blissful climax right then. I had no problem cumming in front of the group or the strangers in our section. But I figured I'd survived this long so I wanted to make it to the end of the game. Our team was down 4-3 with two outs in the ninth. Another pitch or two and the game would be over and I would have beaten the clock. Then it happened. The pitcher hung a 2-1 curveball and the batter, who had been sitting back waiting for a breaking ball deposited the mistake over the left field wall. The game was tied. As the crowd roared its satisfaction, I held a celebration in my pants. I'd have never made it through extra innings so as everyone else in the stands stood to cheer, I grabbed my crotch pushing the clit vibe down a little tighter and had a wonderful climax. Any noises I made were drowned out by the cheering crowd. It felt as if they were cheering for me. As I came down from my high and looked around, it was clear Toni, Becky, Jill and Lisette had taken advantage of the distracted crowd to sneak in another cum. Imagine how the men sitting around us would have reacted if they knew five submissive women had just cum in front of them while they yelled at a little white ball.

Soon after the homerun, the panties turned off. Everyone seemed relieved that the teasing was over. We didn't wait for the game to end. Led by a still upset Linda, we marched out of the stadium. Some of the men sitting around us gave us appreciative looks and I knew we were busted. Not that I cared, mind you. Soon we were back in the cars and headed to Suzy's house to pay off the bets.

Our panties remained off for the drive to Suzy's. I could tell just the mere penetration of the now dormant vibrators was keeping Toni on edge as were mine. I assume Sharon was excited too as our destination came ever closer. Since we had won the "contest" I knew we would be serviced by the other slaves. This was a prospect that pleased me greatly. I was also curious as to what form of play this would take.

Once everyone arrived, the mistresses ordered all the slaves except Molly to disrobe. Mistress Suzy addressed us.

"Slaves, tonight we held a little contest to see which mistress had trained their slaves best to deny themselves an orgasm. Molly obviously lost so more training is in order. The rest of you did better, although we will continue working on your self control in the coming months."

I looked around the room. Molly seemed apprehensive but the other girls were all smiling.

"Becky and Cathy step forward," ordered Mistress Linda. "You too caused me to lose a bet I made with your other mistresses. As the first ones out of the competition, you two will pay the price. I hope your tongues are well rested. On your knees with your hands behind your backs."

I watched as Suzy produced a set of manacles for each slave and quickly secured their wrists and ankles. She also affixed a wide collar around each of their necks which was secured to the chain holding the cuffs together by a long bar. The effect was to force the girls to lean slightly backward thrusting their breasts forward. I noticed the bar was also the right length to touch the floor which would at least give them some support, although the stress on their thighs would soon be punishment enough.

Mistress Sharon told us that Toni and I had won the right to use Becky and Cathy's mouths first. We could choose to have them eat us or we could use them as a toilet. It was our choice. I had no interest in pissing on either of them, but I was more than happy to let Cathy lick my slippery slit. Toni made the same choice and soon we both were loving life. I got the impression Becky and Cathy were not too upset with their placement either.

The same could not be said about Molly. After the mistresses got us started, they took Molly and secured her in a tight hogtie complete with a blindfold. She was still wearing her panties which they announced would be put on tease mode. Molly would have to spend the rest of the night listening to our pleasure but receiving only torture. I remember thinking there but for the grace of God go I as I continued to grind my pussy on Cathy's face.

I could tell Toni was getting excited as was I. For fun we switched and Becky ended up the recipient of a nice juicy orgasm from my pussy. Her face was glistening as I moved away from her. Toni was just about to cum. We had not noticed, but my boss, Mistress Linda had also removed her clothes. The other mistresses were busy securing her the same was Cathy and Becky were bound.

"Mistress?" I questioned. "What is going on?"

"Mistress Linda was very confident her charges were not going to lose. So she bet her mouth that they would not be the first team out. Obviously she lost so now she gets to service the three of us," Sharon said pointing to Suzy and Faith.

As soon as Linda was secured, Faith took up position in front of her and let go a stream of urine all over her face.

"I've wanted to do that for so long," she confessed.

I felt a rush of adrenaline as I watched the hot yellow liquid splash off my boss' face. If everyone at the office could see her now, her days of ruling with an iron hand would be over. Of course I knew I would never tell and was pretty sure Becky and Cathy would be mute on the subject. Molly couldn't see what happened although since Faith called Linda a "piss drinking whore" I'm pretty sure she could guess what happened.
