 As I walked into our house, I had a feeling of dread that we were about to have a knock down drag out fight that would destroy our marriage. I found Jim in the shower washing away the evidence of his evening. I decided that was a good idea so I headed to the guest bathroom and did the same. Jim was affectionate that night in bed, although it took a lot of foreplay before he could get hard again. I was surprised he even tried given the workout Judy gave him. I guess he was trying to keep his affair secret. In return for his affection, I tried to be more vocal, although since he wasn't being the wildman I saw earlier, I had to be a bit more restrained than Judy. I was getting tired so I faked an orgasm and felt him squirt a tiny load into my womb. We both fell asleep quickly. Any conversation would have to wait.

I was on edge the rest of the weekend waiting for Jim to tell me about Judy, but he didn't. I started to think that maybe he really didn't know about the group yet. I knew I was going to have to discuss this with Mistresses Sharon and Linda at work on Monday, after doing my slave duties of course.

After bringing my mistress to orgasm starting at 7:30 sharp Monday morning, I told her of my dilemma. She told me not to worry that everything would be taken care of. She was trying to teach me to trust the group. I wanted to, but my own insecurities were making it difficult. It was almost 8 and I had to get upstairs. Sharon had Toni come in to reassure me. She told me it was very tough to talk to her boyfriend about it too, but that Sharon could be very convincing when she wanted to be and soon he came around. I understood how convincing Sharon could be so I laughed a little.

Mistress Linda didn't want to talk about Jim. She wanted to talk about what slave I was going to recruit for Suzy. I told her Lisette was my first choice, but I didn't have a clue how to do it. She told me to talk to Suzy and see if her calendar was free for a Friday toy party. She said she would talk to Faith about having Judy host again. This time the party would be a setup. She's getting all the mistresses and slaves to come. Everybody would be in on the goal of seducing Lisette except for her. It would be fun.

I'd have never come up with that kind of party as fun, especially if I was the object of the party. But then again maybe some of Suzy's parties were more like that than I realized. I sent Suzy an email and confirmed that Friday would work for her and asked if she could check with Jill. She said that was good for her and since Jill would do whatever she told her to do, it would be fine with her too. I received an email a little while later from Judy she confirmed that she could host and that Faith could also be there. She also said Helen, Faith's other slave had confirmed. Becky, Molly and Cathy rounded out the group from our office. So we had three mistresses and seven slaves confirmed. Lisette didn't stand a chance. Now we just had to make sure she attended.

Thankfully Judy took care of that. She said Lisette was happy to be invited. Given her lack of enthusiasm at the last party that surprised me a little, but as I was learning, the women of the group can be very persuasive. The rest of the week went by in typical fashion. By typical I mean that I served my mistress every morning at 7:30 and my boss sometime during the day. We only went downstairs once during the week and LaShawn was the beneficiary of my paying the room tax. I know Linda took one of her slaves downstairs each day so the security guards were certainly well taken care of this week. Mistress Faith called me over one night. Jim wasn't home and I don't know if he was with Judy since we didn't repeat the video link. We did repeat her treating her like a doggie and then doing me from behind. This time she took my ass and I loved it. Mike wasn't home though so I didn't get my creamy desert. Fortunately Jim was more than capable when he got home and we made very passionate love. It seemed like things were finally starting to stabilize.

Friday all the slaves in my office (myself, Cathy, Molly and Becky) were kept on edge by Sharon and Linda. They told us they wanted us "primed" for the party. I wasn't sure what to expect that night, but I was sure I would enjoy myself. We were instructed to be there at 7:30. Mistress Suzy laid out the plan. Since Lisette didn't know I had joined Suzy as a demonstrator, tonight I would be a regular customer. Suzy would do her regular sales pitch, but we were all to be more sexually expressive and try on the clothes and test the toys. We should start leaving the living room like Lisette would expect, but as the night wore on, we should show her more and more. We should also talk about how great the toys felt and how they have helped in our respective marriages. I almost felt sorry for Lisette. I didn't know if Judy and Jill had been denied their orgasms today, but I knew the rest of us were randy for action. Unfortunately Mistress Sharon and Toni already had a special night planned with Sharon's husband so they were not there.

At 8pm the doorbell range and Lisette entered the lion's den. She was dressed casually again. She was still cute as a button with her blonde hair up in a pony tail. I could see why Suzy wanted to take her. If all went well, tonight she would. The party started as each one did with casual conversation and a few bottles of wine, cheese and crackers. It seemed Lisette was in a good mood. It was hard to gauge the group's mood because I couldn't tell who was acting a part and who was being genuine. Around 8:40 Suzy began the demonstrations. The tone was decidedly more sexual than at the first party Lisette and I attended. Cathy was the first to test drive a toy and Jill soon followed. They disappeared upstairs, probably to the same bedroom. Both came back flushed and a little sweaty. All the slaves took their turns upstairs. I noticed as Suzy talked, Mistress Linda and Mistress Faith kept trying to steer the conversation with Lisette to her husband, whether she was happy, whether she was fulfilled and tried to assess their next move. They were not as direct as I make it sound. They were experts at driving the conversation subtly. We all joined in at various times to make sure it didn't sound like we were interrogating Lisette. She was cautious and obviously didn't share intimate information about herself easily. But the mistresses got the information they needed eventually as we purposely kept the conversation light and disarming. I must say Linda and Faith were masterful.

I could tell everyone except possibly Lisette was getting hot and bothered by her seduction. I still couldn't quite tell about her. Jill and I modeled a few provocative outfits for the group, although our purpose was more to gauge Lisette reaction to having us stand in front of her. She was a tough nut to crack. While we were back in the bedroom changing into our clothes, Jill took me in her arms and gave me a passionate kiss.

"God, I've been dying to do that all night," she breathlessly exclaimed. "Suzy's teased me all week and not let me cum once. If Lisette doesn't crack soon I'm going to rape her."

"Rape her?"

"Well not really. But I'm ready to tear off her clothes and have a big orgy. Aren't you?"

"The orgy part sounds good. I just don't think she's right for the group."

"She's right. I can see it in her eyes. She's just got a block in her mind. We'll wear her down."

We headed back to the party. Suzy had convinced Lisette to at least hold one of the more powerful vibrators. She looked a little scared as Suzy turned it on, but she didn't put it down. Her eyes were downcast as she stared at the toy buzzing in her hand. The party almost stopped as everyone but Suzy was staring at her. Suzy kept her sales banter up, the professional that she is, so that Lisette since she wasn't watching would think everything was normal. The tone had definitely changed.

I expected that we were finally breaking through her barriers. I hoped she would excuse herself to try the toy. Suzy even suggested it. But Lisette held fast. She turned off the vibrator and handed it back to Suzy. I could tell Suzy was trying to decide what to do.

"That's about it ladies. That's all I brought," she announced. 

"Don't you have anything else?" Faith asked. "Did you bring your special toys in the car?"

Suzy looked at her for a moment.

"I've got my bondage demonstration case in the car. Is that what you mean? I didn't think you girls were into that," she lied.

"How about it girls? Do you want to see the bondage toys?" she asked the group.

Unanimously, except for Lisette, everyone answered yes. Lisette looked a little scared. Suzy went out to the car while Judy opened another two bottles of wine. I wondered if Faith was pushing Lisette too far too fast. Suzy returned with two more cases. I recognized one contained the bondage bed. The other held various restraints, collars, crops, whips and the like. Suzy opened the cases on the floor.

"Volunteers?" she asked.

I was ready, but I wasn't sure how the mistresses intended to play this so I remained quiet as all the slaves did. Mistress Faith was the first to talk. 

"Let's spin the bottle to pick a volunteer."

"A fine idea Faith," Suzy declared.

Judy grabbed one of the empty wine bottles. I felt like I was at a kinky high school party. Suzy laid out a couple of quick rules.

"I need two volunteers. We will spin the bottle twice. Whoever is chosen will come with me into the bedroom and I'll dress you. You'll then model for the rest of the group."

Jill and I had sat down on either side of Lisette. I'm sure she was petrified about being picked. Suzy kneeled in the middle and spun the bottle. I could tell she was trying to predict how much resistance would be needed to pick Lisette. Unfortunately she was a little light and got Jill. Not to say Jill wasn't happy. She gave a little clap and stood up. Suzy reset the bottle. I noticed she was starting the bottle in a slightly different position trying to make a better spin. I doubt Lisette noticed. Looking over at her as the bottle spun I could see a bead of sweat on her cheek. She was also staring daggers at the bottle. I think everybody else but Suzy was looking at her. 

Suzy did her best. You could almost make the argument that she hit her target as the bottle stopped between Lisette and me. I expected Suzy, Faith or Linda to claim Lisette was the winner, but I knew the bottle was just past the half way point between us. Suzy declared me the selected one and I acted happy. I really wasn't acting. I was happy. I just wished Lisette had been selected so the peer pressure, fueled by her wine consumption, might drive her to letting herself go. I joined Jill and Suzy in the bedroom.

"Well girls," Suzy began. "How many times have we found ourselves in this situation? I think Lisette is going to need a different tactic. Just do one of our regular party shows and see where it goes."

We dressed in our bondage themed outfits. I was wearing leather. Jill was in latex. We both looked hot. Suzy collared us and led us back to the group with leashes attached to our collars. We received a rousing round of applause from everyone by Lisette. She looked very uncomfortable. Suzy led us from woman to woman. I could tell Lisette was squirming as we stood before her. She was the only one not to cop a discrete feel while checking out the outfits. We were running out of time as our husbands would soon be expecting us home so Suzy turned up the heat. As Jill and I were showing the various cuffs, blindfolds and tails to the women, Suzy was busy setting up the bondage bed. Looking to us she asked for a volunteer. Neither of us did. In my case I wanted to keep up the appearance that we were not the most willing participants. I assumed Jill just wanted me tied up again.

Suzy solved the problem by having us play rock, paper, scissors to determine who would "volunteer." Jill won. Her paper covered my rock and I was quickly restrained on the dining room table. I could see the group converge around me. Lisette stayed in her chair. Suzy did her best to sell the benefits of the bondage bed. Everyone looking already knew about this wonderful piece of equipment, but they kept asking questions for Lisette's benefit. In reality they were more interested in touching my body. I doubt Lisette could see through the wall of female flesh to see them teasing me, but I hoped she could. Suzy stopped talking and walked back into the living room. I'm sure she was putting the final push on Lisette. Mistress Faith had slid a finger into my pussy. She was done playing games and her wonderful digit brought the expected moan from my mouth. Linda pulled my left breast out of my leather bra and began sucking on it. More moans from me. I imagined Suzy putting the moves on Lisette, breaking through her defenses and not sharing her as the group was concentrating on me. But I was right where I wanted to be. I had hands all over my body. They were squeezing, rubbing, poking, prodding and gloriously pushing themselves inside by pussy. The "sales" party was over. The real party was beginning. I guess I was on the bed for about 15 minutes before the group splintered off back to the living room. Linda pulled the Velcro straps off and helped me to my feet. They had not let me come yet, but I was sure I would be soon.

I walked into the living room and Lisette and Suzy were gone. I didn't know what happened. Did Suzy convert her and take her upstairs? Did Lisette run home in terror? The front door opened and Suzy returned carrying another case. Lisette was not with her. 

"I did my best girls, but she went home."

A wave of disappointment swept over the group.

"But I did bring something special for our slaves."

Suzy brought the case to the center of the room. She unhooked the snaps and folded it flat. Inside were a strap-on dildo, a chin dildo and four dildos with shorter straps. I recognized the first two but the other four were a mystery. I wasn't sure what they were for. Mistress Suzy, now in her dominate voice instead of her sales voice ordered me to the center of the room. I stood still as she stripped me of my leather sales costume and attached the strap-on around my hips. She then attached the chin dildo in place and told me to lie down.

"Good girl. Now spread your arms and legs. Wait; turn so your pussy faces the couch. OK. Good."

Mistress Faith and Mistress Linda were sitting on the couch looking directly at my glistening pussy. Mistress Suzy then went to work strapping the other four dildos to my thighs and forearms. I had six fake dicks standing at attention from various parts of my body. I knew what was coming next. I think everybody did. Mistress Suzy didn't have to say a word. Quickly the six other slaves were shedding their clothes and mounting one of my cocks. I could do nothing but lay on the ground as Cathy's pussy slid up and down on my chin dildo. Her pungent ass was bouncing on my face. I could feel the other girls fucking themselves, but the only pleasure I was getting was an indirect pressure on my clit from the strap-on. The other slaves apparently did not have that problem as the sounds of girl love echoed in the room and the smell of happy women filled the air.

I could only imagine the looks of satisfaction coming from the couch. The mistresses had six beautiful women facing them as they fucked themselves silly. Everyone was getting what they wanted except me. But until we took Lisette, I'd be low woman on the hierarchy so what could I do? Nothing except wait as the six other slaves fucked themselves until they all came. I think Cathy came twice. The front row, Jill, Becky and Molly, got the privilege of crawling to the couch and satisfying our mistresses. Cathy helped me out of the strap-on harness and then dropped to her knees and made sure I received my pleasure. I thanked her with a deep wet kiss. I could taste myself on her lips. The party broke up after that. I didn't know what the next play was with Lisette. I figured Suzy, Faith and Linda would figure that out. 

It turns out, Lisette made the next move. She arrived at my house the next morning and looked as cute as ever. We went out in the backyard and sat on our patio chatting and enjoying our morning coffee. I didn't bring up the party. I was waiting for her to make the first move.

"Can I ask you something personal, Tina?" she began

"Of course. Ask anything."

"Did you enjoy being tied to the table last night?"

"Actually I did. Bondage can be very fun."

"I'm not sure. I kind of freaked out last night."

"Freaked out? What do you mean," I asked.

I could tell Lisette was uncomfortable, but at the same time wanted to talk about this. I just had to give her enough space to come to me in her own time. I saw that she was thinking about how to phrase her next sentence. Unfortunately Jim decided that was the perfect time to walk out onto the patio. Immediately the look on Lisette's face told me our conversation was over.

"Good morning girls," Jim said joyfully.

"Lisette, let me introduce my husband Jim," I said.

Lisette extended her hand and greeting Jim. The three of us made small talk while Lisette finished her coffee and then she excused herself to go home. I was silently cursing Jim as I walked Lisette to the front door. As she was leaving, Lisette asked if I could come over to her house later to talk. I was elated, although I tried not to show it. I agreed, of course, and told her I'd be over in about an hour. She said that was fine. She'd have the coffee ready.

Sitting in Lisette's kitchen an hour later she seemed much more at home, both literally and figuratively. She made a point of telling me her husband was off at the golf course as he always was on the weekend. Humm, alone for hours every Saturday and Sunday. My devious mind began to plot. We got back onto the conversation we started on my patio. Lisette was a totally different person. It was like she had been holding her feelings in for so long that now that she had a sympathetic ear, she was going let it all hang out.

She told me about the neglect of her husband. About how at their young age he should be passionate every night but it seemed like sex was a chore for him. I told her I could sympathize. She told me about her growing up having very few boyfriends and even in college not dating too often. How she had only had four sexual partners in her life which seemed unreal to me as cute as she was. Certainly the boys in college would have been beating a path to her door. How she really wanted to buy a vibrator at the party but was too embarrassed and a host of other juicy details I filled away in my memory to share with the mistresses.

I just kept nodding and letting her talk as she poured out her heart to me. I'd speak when I needed to, but mostly I let her ramble until a direct question snapped me back.

"Did you and Judy have sex at the party?"

So far Lisette's entire monologue had been about her husband and guys in general. This was the first time she mentioned another woman. I figured I didn't have anything to lose at this point by telling the truth.

"Yes."

"Did you like it?"

"Yes I did."

"But you're both married?"

"True. But my story isn't that different from yours. My sex life at home wasn't that great. I did buy a toy at the first party we went to and things sort of happened from there."

I didn't feel the need to detail what those things were at this point.

"Lately I've been wondering what it would be like to be with another woman," she confessed.

Was she hitting on me? We had the house to ourselves for a while. She was acting very coy. Was this an open invitation or not? I decided not to push my luck.

"It's wonderful being with another woman. They are so different from men. I still love Jim, but I get a certain satisfaction from being with a woman that in some ways is much better."
