 The flight was made longer by the fact that a week had passed without any release. As close as I may feel to my sister, she is a very light sleeper. She would have heard even the change in my breathing in that little guestroom we shared at my parents' house. To make matters worse, the rest of the family had the entire visit scheduled to the last minute. Ten minutes in the shower was barely enough time to soap up, much less...anything else.

Luckily, my flight home was far from fully booked. I found myself seated in the last row of the aircraft. The row to the side and a few in front were completely empty. The cabin lights dimmed after take off. I slid a blanket over myself to hide what the near darkness might not.

The tender flesh between my legs quivered as I slowly trailed one finger across. I could feel how damp the digit became with even that bare touch. Suppressing a sigh, I slid it beneath one leg band. I was aching to penetrate myself, but wanted to make sure that I maximized my enjoyment. Teasingly, I let the tip flicker in and out. As it did, I moved my free hand to cup one covered breast.

The hairs by my ear shivered softly as a voice suddenly whispered, "Ma'am, are you all right?"

I swallowed the lump in my throat and responded in the softest, most embarrassed murmur, "Yes. I'm fine."

I struggled to meet the blue-eyed gaze of the flight attendant. There was just enough light to make out concern on her unlined, heart-shaped face. Her lower lip was slightly fuller than the top, although both were formed with a tantalizing curve to them. Her eyes flickered briefly to my blanket. Those delicious lips moved to barely graze my ear.

"It just seemed," she said, slowly stretching one hand to seek the one between my legs, "that you might need a little bit of help."

I stared at her, stunned. I could feel my finger tip slipping out of my wetness. Never breaking eye contact, she removed my hand from concealment. She seemed to wear the tiniest of smiles as she raised her finger to her lips. My gasp couldn't be suppressed as she sucked it into her mouth.

"Mm," she murmured as she gave the appendage one last lick. She eased the hand into the v-neck of her uniform, under one cup of what felt like a lace demi-bra. Her body leaned forward, pressing a hardened nipple into my palm. This time, her smile was obvious. "I think you are in need of some assistance."

Removing my hand, she lowered to her knees. She lifted the leg closest to her, and slipped under it. The blanket was moved aside so that it fell just around her shoulders.

"Look at me," she whispered, locking her eyes with mine. I felt unable to resist. I only stared as she slid her thumbs under the waistband of my panties, then pulled them down to my ankles. Her grin became wicked. "So you can't try to run away."

Her gaze never lowered, even as her mouth did. I could feel that sensuous upper lip rest just above my clitoris. The lower lip landed over the source of my wetness. She closed her eyes only once, as she shuddered and trailed her tongue along my slit and towards the focal point of my pleasure. My eyes squeezed shut in an ecstasy that was short lived. I was brought back to the moment by the rush of her hands beneath my blouse, and her fingers sharply pinching both nipples. She repeated the motion, accompanied with a slight bite on my clitoris when I almost screamed.

"Shh," she commanded. Her fingers loosened, then began to trail slow, lazy circles. She raised herself briefly, lifting my shirt as she did so. First, she circled one areola with her tongue, then the other, followed by a few moments of suckling. Raising herself a little bit more, she covered my lips with her. I could just taste the saltiness that was my own fluids.

"Shh," she repeated, "and don't look away."

She slid down my body then, her hands still massaging my breasts. Making sure that my eyes were still connected to hers, she murmured, "I'm going to make you come and come and come."

With that, her mouth completely closed on my clitoris. I could feel her simultaneously sucking and flicking her tongue over the small button. As my breathing quickened, she trailed her hands down my body. Mercilessly, she drove three fingers deep inside of me. My back arched, but, remembering her previous admonishments, I neither screamed nor looked away. She seemed pleased and continued to suck on me.

"Oh," I whispered. I was struggling not to look away. My eyes wanted to roll to the back of my head. "Oh, my darling! I'm going to...oh, I'm..."

Without warning, I felt a warm wave of pleasure wash over me. I was aware of my nipples hardening to sharp points, and a sudden burst of wetness exploding from me. My eyes remained where she'd commanded the entire time, so I noticed her hairline glowing sticky with my juices. She lapped up as much as she could, however, and didn't seem displeased.

"Do you feel better now, ma'am?" she asked as my orgasm subsided. She kissed me deeply, and I could fully taste myself on her mouth and tongue.

"Clean me," she commanded, and I kissed all over her face, darting my tongue out at places. 

After awhile, her hands rested on either side of my head. I felt her motioning downwards, until my face rested between her cleavage. Shaking, she undid the buttons of her jacket. She was wearing a demi-bra, as I'd suspected. She pulled aside the delicate b-sized cups.

"Lick them," she ordered.

I couldn't help but make soft slurping noises as I obliged. She broke her own rule as her head rolled backwards in pleasure. I moved my mouth to her other breast, making sure that one hand lifted to continue the attention on the now-moistened other nipple. My remaining hand moved beneath the leg band of her panties. I slowly eased the length of the middle finger deep inside of her. To my delight, she bit down hard on her lower lip to keep from screaming.

I wasn't done. With an equal lack of urgency, I removed the finger, but not from her panties. The member moved farther back, gently stroking the outline of her other entry. I barely heard her murmur, "Please..." and I inserted my moistened digit inside. The muscles clenched around it instantly, but not enough to keep me from moving it in and out.

As she moved her hips towards me, I lowered my other hand. I used three fingers from this one to mercilessly invader her wetness. This time, she openly gasped. Her head snapped down to view me, and I was the one to smile. I began to rhythmically pump her as hard as I could. Her hands gripped my shoulders, but I wasn't deterred. I didn't stop the double penetration until I hear her breath leave her in small, choked gasps, and a rush of fluids flowed down my fingers and past my wrist. At that point, her knees buckled, and she collapsed against me.

"Mm," I murmured into her ear. She was trembling slightly. I nibbled on her earlobe until she backed away to give me an awestruck look. I smiled, then pressed my moistened fingers to her lips.

"Clean them," I said, echoing her earlier sentiment.

She did, then I kissed her deeply to taste the remnants of her pleasure. She gave me the sweetest of smiles, straightened her jacket, then departed, leaving me to slip into a deep, satisfied slumber.