 Shawna looks down at me, smiling coyly. I smirk at her and while her guard is down I cup her wet mound. She moans and thrusts her hips forward into my hand, her face transformed into a mask of ecstasy. 

"Why are you so wet?" I ask, still smirking at her.

"I need you, Daddy." Shawna moans again. My nostrils flare as I smell her moist heat from where I sit, and my smirk falls. I need to taste her or I may cum on the spot. I push her away from me and stand up, moving myself behind her. Shawna's breathing has become ragged and her chest is heaving. I pull her shirt down from her shoulders, but don't remove it completely, so that her sleeves lightly bind her arms. I am careful not to make physical contact with her.

"Have you ever been fucked by a woman?" I ask. I hope on one hand that she has, so I won't be an experimental fling. At the same time I need to be the first to claim her this way.

"No, Daddy." Shawna answers, but I hear some hesitation in her voice.

"But?"

"I've kissed a girl before, Daddy."

My heart skips a beat, and I take a moment to compose myself. I crowd my body behind hers, her arms pressed against both our bodies. Gripping her hips, I grind against her as I inquire, "Did you enjoy that kiss?" 

"Yesss." Shawna hisses. I reach my right hand around into her panties and immediately find her clit. I don't manipulate the button; I just use two fingers to press it. Shawna gasps and writhes against my digits, but I move my fingers.

"You want me to finger you?"

"Yes, Daddy." She squeaks out. I chuckle at her before I lean in more and take her earlobe between my teeth, pulling at it briefly before I let it slip from my mouth. I lift my left hand from her hip and cup her left breast, occasionally stroking her taut nipple through the material of her bra.

"You want to cum, slut?"

Time stands still as I feel Shawna tense up. I think I've pushed her too far, too fast.

"Please, Daddy?" she asks me in a tiny voice, relaxing back into me.

"Shit." I spit out. At this point I can't speak, can't articulate another thought. Pure instinct takes over, and I rip her shirt from her body. I see Shawna reeling, about to fall from my rough yanking on her, but I catch her and toss her to the bed. I flip her over and reach for her panties. Before she can lift her hips to assist me, I tear one side apart, and yank the other side down her leg. Dropping to my knees, I grab her around the thighs and pull her to the edge of the bed. I'm going to burst soon if I don't get my face in that pussy.

Shawna gasps and rises onto her elbows, observing me through hooded eyes. I lick and suck on the soft flesh of her inner thigh, and I feel her back arch. Working my way toward the sweet apex of her thighs, I give her pussy lips the same treatment. Shawna has lain back on the bed and is trying to push herself into my face, but I elude her. Abruptly, I push my tongue into her dripping wet snatch, and am treated to her round thighs gripping the sides of my head. Shawna lets out a trill, and begins to babble. Of course her babbling is mostly muted, but still makes my own cunt juice up. I continue to tongue her pussy, faster than I even thought I could. 

I feel the overwhelming need to bust a nut, so I pull her strong legs apart slightly, and fasten my mouth around her slightly hardened clit. Shawna screams as I suck on her, as I shake and nod my head to coax more stimulation out of her. Shawna is writhing beneath me and trying to disconnect my mouth from her. I've seen this before in women who were afraid to climax, so I begin to lick her clit as I suck it, and continue to force her toward orgasm on my face.

"Yes, Daddy." Shawna says in a shaky voice, mainly because she is shaking uncontrollably, "I'm cummmmiingg." She begins to scratch at my arms, and her nails are creating the sweetest distraction from my own need to cum. I need to taste her release, so I double my efforts on her now fully hardened clit, and am rewarded with Shawna's scream. Her back arches high, and her whole body begins to tremble violently as she cums.

I release her clit from my lips so that I can lap up her musky flow. This makes her shift her hips toward my face again, so I slowly dip my finger into her juicy cunt. Lifting my body to rest my elbow on the bed, I slowly pull my digit out, to gauge her reactions.

"Please don't stop, Daddy." Shawna bites her lip. I add another finger to the first and push into her. Her channel is soaking wet, but still very tight, so I encounter some resistance. I slightly straighten my left leg to gain some leverage, and pull my hand back. Shawna is wriggling beneath my ministrations and I slam my fingers home. She yells out at the intrusion, and starts to buck against my hand, no doubt about to cum again.

"Daddy's slut wants some dick?"

Shawna jerks her head to stare at me like I have two heads, and I can't help but laugh at her confusion. I let her go suddenly, and she barely catches herself before she stands on wobbly legs.

"Go get the bag, bitch."

Shawna fetches the bag, which has since fallen to the floor and places the strap in my hand. I carefully unzip the bag, not allowing Shawna to see the contents. 

"Close your eyes and lay back down." Shawna complies, and I strap up. I stand closer to the bed, lift her legs up onto my shoulders and run the head of my cock down her slit. Shawna's eyes pop open, and she ogles my strap-on.

"What is that?" she is more than curious and I see her hand begin to reach for it.

"This is my cock, slut." I grip the base and rub my cock up the length of her slit, rubbing the head on her clit. Shawna whimpers and lets her head loll back. I know that she is tight, so I push my tool into her slowly so that she can adjust to its girth. This dildo is new because I trash each dildo after I use it; I never fuck the same girl twice.

Shawna is clawing at my sheets and screaming for me to fuck her, but I ease off each time she lifts her hips to meet my thrusts.