 The lights were off, my radio was playing, and the house was silent except for our whispers and giggles as we sat under out blanket fort, a lone flashlight cutting through the dark. Ali had been my friend since before I could remember. About 5 foot 5 inches, with shoulder length blonde hair and eyes a lovely shade of green, she had been the hottest girl in our school. I was 5 foot 6 inches, with dark chocolate brown hair that just barely reached the bottoms of my ears, and muddy green eyes. I had been the overshadowed friend, but I didn't mind. I was just lucky to have her as a friend.

The sleepover was in celebration of our graduation, which had gone on mere hours before, and we were ecstatic. In less than a week, we would be off to college, sharing a dorm, and our freshman college experiences together. I giggled as Ali tried to balance a gummie bear on her nose, and clapped lightly when she got it to her mouth. She giggled and thrust the bag at me.

"Your turn!" She said, and I shook my head. "Aw, come on Lijah!" I shook my head again.

"No! I don't wanna spill gummie bears all over my bed!" I said as I just grabbed a handful and stuffed it in my mouth. She shook her head, ate a few, then giggled again.

"So I was talking to Belle the other day, and she was telling me about this game that is supposed to make you a good french kisser." Insert sexual wink. I just laughed and threw my sheet off of us, turning off the flashlight and placing it on my bedside table. The light streaming in from my skylight created enough light for us.

"Oh really? I'm kinda curious!" I said, taking a sip of my peach soda and munching on another bear. Ali smiled.

"Okay. You take like a mint or small candy or something and put it in your mouth. Then, your 'partner' uses his or her tongue to try and get it into their mouth!" She seemed excited about the game, and I laughed.

"I can't tell if that's hot or disgusting!" I said. She shrugged.

"I know how to french, but it just seems like fun. You know how to french, right?" she asked. I blushed and busied myself by stuffing too many bears in my mouth. Ali gasped.

"You've never frenched?!" she silently screeched, shocked. I shook my head, as my mouth was still occupied. She tsk-ed. "Well, we are gonna have to fix that." I swallowed and almost choked.

"Ali, I'm not gonna sit here and make out with my best friend!"

"Why not? It won't change anything. Hell, we've showered together!" she exclaimed. I searched for a reason not to.

"Well, we don't have anything to use!"

Ali lifted the bag of gummies. Damn my affinity for the sweet candy. I knew I wouldn't win this argument, so I just sighed.

"Fucking fiiinnneee. I'll let you rape my mouth," I said. She giggled and moved closer, sitting directly from me, criss-cross applesauce.

"It's no big deal, Lijah. I'll even go first, okay? Put the bear in your mouth," she said. I took a bear and put it in my mouth, trying not to chew. Ali began to lean forward slowly, then stopped and frowned. I swallowed the gummie.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"I can't reach you. Here, open your legs," she said. 

I did so, and she came over and put my leg over her thighs, one on either side of her, so that she was much closer. I could have embraced her if I wanted. Her legs wrapped around my waist instinctively, and she smiled.

"Better. Now, get another gummie," she said, and I plopped another candy in my mouth. Without hesitation, without another second thought, Ali leaned forward and placed her lips on mine. 

My lips parted as her tongue darted in, and I almost moaned at the strange yet erotic feeling. Ali grasped the gummie bear easily, and drug it into her mouth before pulling back and smiling as she chewed. I shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts.

"Wow, you're a good kisser Lijah. Just need a little practice!" She placed a gummie on her tongue and waggled her eyebrows at me suggestively. I took a deep breath and leaned forward.

My lips wrapped around hers, and my tongue darted in as hers had done. I searched for the bear, but soon got too engrossed in exploring her mouth. Her arms wrapped around my shoulders, and I could feel her moan so quietly into my mouth. I found the bear and pulled it into my mouth, before pulling away and swallowing the sweetness and the taste of Ali's mouth. I blushed as she smiled at me.

"You're a natural! Damn, girl!" I giggled and blushed harder. Then Ali said something that surprised me. "Now, without the candy!" I looked at her wide-eyed, but didn't have time to protest as her lips closed around mine.

I couldn't help it. I moaned into her mouth as she assaulted me with her tongue. My arms came to her waist, pulling her closer. She didn't pull away like I was afraid she would. She came closer, straining her body against mine, and tilting her head to deepen the kiss. My pussy, clad only in shorts and no panties, rubbed against hers accidentally, but felt so wonderful. We gasps, both of us aroused, and began to thrust against each other over and over, kissing harder, faster, slurping and moaning. Her hands came to my front and pinched my nipples through my tank top, and I lost it.

I squirted all over my shorts as I came, Ali's mouth swallowing my scream as I experienced my first orgasm. The feeling of my wetness was too much for her, and I could feel her grip tighten and her body shake, a little less than mine was, as she came. We held each other tightly, faces buried in each others shoulders now, as we came down from our highs. I blushed and pulled back, almost unable to look at her. But she just smiled.

"Like I said; a natural."