 The beach full moon party was already well underway by the time Jamie and her friends arrived. Jamie an aloof blue eyed blonde scanned the crowds for her next wiling playmate. Like a huntress she assessed her prey with a keen eye. Jamie spotted her almost immediately the blue eyed blonde with a killer smile and a smoking hot body, slim with curves in all the right spot, she was already stripped to her bikini and was talking to the fire twirlers. Jamie watched her intently until the blonde's eyes were drawn to her and as if in a trance, she walked towards Jamie. Jamie's eyes devoured the blonde's body as if she was a last supper, "Hi, I am Jamie, what is your name beautiful?" 

"Hi Jamie, I am Jojo. It's a pleasure to meet you." Jojo replied with a cute lopsided grin. 

"I assure you the pleasure is mine." Jamie said looking into Jojo's eyes. "You are a very beautiful woman I could not help admiring the view. Are you enjoying the party?" 

"I am but I am working for an hour," Jojo replied. "I am a fire twirler." 

"Mmmmmmmmm that is hot in more ways than one." Jamie said subtly licking her lips, "Maybe you could teach me your moves later?" Jamie smirks knowing exactly what moves she was expecting seeing. 

"Ok sure," Jojo smiled in return, "I will look forward to it. I better get back now we are about to start, see you after." 

"Oh you most definitely will beautiful." Jamie smiled suggestively admiring Jojo's body as she watched Jojo walked back to her friends. 

Jamie went to watch Jojo perform on the beach, she was a very beautiful sight with the full moon framing her as she twirled the fire stick. Jamie admired Jojo's body moving with grace and ease of a practiced professional. Jamie smiled wondering if she moves as well in bed as she did with the stick. The crowd cheered and applauded as the fire twirlers finished their performance; Jamie made her way to Jojo her eyes never leaving the beautiful woman. 

"Wow that was a very sexy performance you put on." Jamie whispered in Jojo's ear. "Hope you saved some for me?" 

Jojo turned around to find herself face to face with Jamie, lips only millimeters apart her eyes drifted to Jamie's lips. Jamie took her cue and pushed her back against a palm tree and kissed her slowly, teasingly at first then more demandingly passionate taking control and capturing Jojo's moans in her mouth. Jamie's hand splayed on Jojo's tummy began to caress higher as she moved her body against Jojo's.

Jamie whispered in Jojo's ear nibbling on her earlobe as her hand crept over Jojo's ribs, "Mmmmmmmmmm baby you taste amazing and feel so good. I want you so bad beautiful girl." 

Jamie captured Jojo's lips again smothering any reply as she nipped Jojo's bottom lip before kissing her deeply. A sudden crash of thunder and a flash of lightening could not drown their enthusiasm for one another as everyone ran for cover Jamie's hand moved over Jojo's bikini clothed boob stroking her breast teasingly as she kissed Jojo deeply, tongues dancing in a passionate embrace. Jamie's other hand slid down Jojo's hip to rest on her mound. Jamie tapped Jojo's pussy lips with her middle finger teasingly as she stroked her nipple and moved her body against Jojo's stopping her from arching against either hand. Jojo broke the kiss and bit Jamie's neck hard before whispering in her ear "stop teasing" and nipped her ear lobe as she released Jamie's wet bikini top from her body to expose her naked breasts to the rain, the moonlight and Jojo's eyes. Jojo bent to kiss the rain off of Jamie's breasts as the rain added more. Jamie lost control and ended her tease sliding a finger between Jojo's pussy lips and began stroking her clit thru her bikini bottom the material stroking Jojo's clit roughly; in her excitement Jojo bit Jamie's boob leaving a mark. Jamie lost all control and stroked Jojo's clit harder and faster making her gasp as Jamie squeezed and tugged Jojo's nipple and bit her neck leaving hickeys all over Jojo's neck.

"Oh my god," Jojo screamed as she came all over Jamie's hand, Jamie dropped to her knees and began to suck the cum from Jojo's soaked panties until there was none left. 

Jamie quickly removed Jojo's panties as she kissed and sucked Jojo's pussy lips and her nails dug into Jojo's butt burying her face in Jojo's kitty licking and sucking at her clit. Jamie sucked Jojo's clit hard into her mouth and flicked it with her tongue scraping her teeth across Jojo's clit occasionally. Jojo lost control her knee's turned to jelly as she came hard all over Jamie's face and Jamie lapped up all her cum digging her nails harder into Jojo's hips to hold her up. Jamie bit Jojo's inner thighs hard leaving a mark before kissing Jojo's tummy giving her time to recover before the next onslaught. 

Jamie was not expecting Jojo to push her over and pounce on her as they rolled in the wet sand wresting for control bodies moving against one another in a delicious wet mess both girls moaning with pleasure, Jojo managed to pin Jamie down. 

She smiled down to her willing captive, "The tables are turned now sexy, it's my turn to torture you." Jamie wiggled under Jojo trying to escape; Jojo laughed "there is no escape now." 

Jojo moved her body over the top of Jamie's the pouring rain having washed the sand off and made their bodies glide over one another in an erotic caress. Jojo kissed Jamie's mouth tasting and capturing her mouth in a passionate dance as Jojo stripped off Jamie's bikini bottom and caressed her thigh against Jamie's soaked kitty Jamie purred in ecstasy as she humped Jojo's thigh. Jamie came hard moaning loudly in pleasure. Jojo bit her way down Jamie's body while Jamie was still cum drunk. Jojo started licking and sucking Jamie's clit Jamie moaned and arched her body against Jojo's mouth Jojo tugged and sucked Jamie's clit hard and fast until she came hard all over Jojo's face Jojo lapped the cum from Jamie's pussy and crawled up beside Jamie; they cuddled close and kissed as the rain washed their bodies. 

When Jamie finally gained control again she whispered in Jojo's ear "you still did not show me how to fire twirl." And kissed Jojo hard, tongues dancing together, before she could answer.