 Every year we vacation at the Jersey shore. My husband and I rent the same house year after year because we like the location as it is conveniently near all the amenities. We have our favorite restaurants and our favorite bars and we seem to see almost the same people which makes it special. This house is just a few houses away from the beach and for the past 2 years now we've watched this huge mansion getting built on the beach right up the block from where we stay. We were surprised to see that when we arrived this year the house was completed and it appeared that someone had moved in. It wasn't just the new house that was different this year, our kids were now all grown and they were planning on coming and going about different days during this vacation so was looking to spend some quiet time with my husband.

My name is Maria and my Husband and I have been married now for more than 25 years. Like all marriages we are always looking for different ways to spice up our sex life. We have never cheated on each other, but we have fantasized about it together in the bedroom. We have a great relationship and we are open and honest with each other and we share a lot of things, including things sexually. Over the past few years our fantasy stories have really increased sexually which has created a new element and heat in the bedroom. We would never cheat on each other but the idea of it when we fantasize about it together is hot.

My husband and I are very physically active and we try to stay in the best shape possible for our age. Now that we are both over 50, we make it an effort to stay active working out, hiking, running and going to the gym. My husband tells me that I look amazing and I do tend to get compliments from both men and women which I find to be pretty arousing. My close girlfriends tell me that they are very jealous about my shape telling me that I look very young for my age. As far as looks and my body type, I'm about 5'5, with a thin frame. I have blue eyes and long brown hair. I'm average at breast size but I like to think that my breasts are still perky for my age and my husband seems to enjoy them. When I was younger my best assets were my legs and tight butt, which still look pretty good so I work hard at it on a regular basis. 

The week was pretty much uneventful and we spent our days at the beach and nights dancing and drinking at the local bars and nightclubs. The kids came with their friends at different times and I actually looked forward to the quiet beach days and dressing up sexy and having an adult night out with my honey.

Over the past few years we met a family that lives down at this beach town full time now. We enjoy spending time with them on occasion. We will meet for dinner or attend one of their elaborate parties. We let them know each year what our plans are so we make it a point to always connect and get together. The men have been going to the casino for the past two years and this has become an annual event. This year they decided on Friday evening so it was going to be a night out for the ladies.

Friday night arrived and the plan was to have dinner and see where the night took us. The guys left early in the day to get to the casinos. Lisa and I spent the day at the beach which was really nice for just the two of us. We've known each other now for about 6 years. We met through her husband Dan who connected with me some time back through another friend. The four of us connect pretty well and we have fun together. I'm very conservative as is Lisa but her husband Dan makes her a little wilder than she would normally be. We are about the same age and we both don't look it. She also keeps herself in amazing shape and when we get together we really turn heads. She is a little taller than me and also on the thin side like I am. We have similar body type but we have different sex appeal which is why we get into trouble when we go out, usually not too serious, but she is a bit flirty and I just enjoy her company and reap the benefits of her outgoing personality. My husband always fantasizes about her and I hooking up, but of course that is only bedtime story telling. I know they do the same as we share some stories sometimes when we are all really drunk together. 

We planned our evening most of the day and we even decided on what to wear. Since the guys left us to fend for ourselves we agreed to make ourselves up and dress a bit sexier than usual. I knew what I was going to wear for the evening. I had packed this sexy little summer dress for a nice dinner with my husband but since he was not around for our dinner tonight, I didn't want to miss a chance to wear it. I put on a pair of sexy panties and felt the dress looked better without a bra. Not something that I usually do but when feeling sexy I may say 'what the hell'. The dress is nice and it's not too revealing so I felt sexy enough without showing off too much. What I found to be a bit sexy was the idea that I might reveal something to some lucky guy (or lady), in the event that I moved the wrong way and exposed myself. That would be a treat for us both. 

Lisa had on a very similar summer dress, was a bit shorter than mine and the neckline was very revealing. She had her boobs done when she was in her late 20s and she likes to show them off maybe a bit too much. 

During dinner we did get a few heads turning our way. Two very attractive women having dinner alone, always draws attention. Lisa is always aware of it, and she makes it a point to tell me. She is bit flirty but I think her husband loves that about her. Dinner was good and we had split a bottle of wine. Lisa was feeling a bit sexy and daring so it helped to put me in a good mood as well. Behind me at the bar were a couple of guys who had made eye contact with Lisa throughout dinner. She commented to me about it and as we managed through dinner each made their way past our table to the men's room to get a look at me too. 

Dinner ended and the check came and Lisa had an idea. "Let's go to the bar and have a drink next to those guys. We'll act like we're just having an after dinner drink and we won't make notice that we even saw them staring at us. They seem like a couple of harmless guys so let's go have some fun"

I was Ok extending the evening so was open to a drink and just having some fun with Lisa. We walked over the bar and I recognized one of the guys right away. "OMG, Lisa you have to be kidding me? If that is who I think it is?"

"What? Who is he?" Lisa was so intrigued. "Only I know people down here girl." She said.

As soon as I was within eye view Rob smiled at me and I knew right away. He started to walk over to us and had on a smile from ear to ear. It had been almost 26 years since we saw each other. 

"Maria, I can't believe this. Look at you, you look amazing." He said and gave me a hug and a kiss on the side of my lips.

"OMG, Rob how are you. It's been what 26 years the last time I saw you?" I was in total shock. He still looked as hot as he did when I knew him years ago, a little more grey but distinguished and he aged very well. "I see you still keep in shape, you look amazing yourself."

Lisa cleared her throat to draw attention so that she wasn't still standing there in that awkward situation waiting to be introduced.

I'm sorry; I stepped back away from Rob. "Lisa this is an old friend of mine. Rob this is Lisa. Rob and I used to date when we were younger."

"Hello Rob, it's a pleasure to meet you. Maria has mentioned a hot boyfriend in her past so perhaps I finally met that famous man." She knew how to make conversation, I'll give her that.

He introduced his friend Tony, who I didn't know and we settled at the bar for a drink and to catch up. I didn't want to leave Lisa left out but it was so long and we had so much catching up to do that I found it hard to keep her into the discussion. She was warming up to Tony so when they finally got to chatting it made it easier for us. 

I found out that he was married with a couple of children, girls he said. He and his wife parted ways about 5 years ago so he is well over the divorce and has his life back on track. 

After some private conversation I felt it was time to come to Lisa's aid and start a four-way conversation. 

"Do you guys come down here often?" I asked.

"Well, we will now. We just bought the house up on 6th avenue and Ocean" Tony said with a bit of sarcasm.

I was shocked, like did I hear that right. "Wait, that huge mansion that was just finished getting built?"

Rob chimed in. "Yes, we just closed on it last week and we are now deciding whether we move in or we rent it for the summer."

Lisa looked at me and commented. "That house is huge, it must have cost you guys, what like 3 million dollars for a house down here right on the beach."

I was still in shock and awe. "What do you guys do to afford that kind of house?"

Tony moved away from the bar and stood in front of us. "We are business partners..."

Rob interrupted "were". "We were business partners. We just sold our business last year and we bought this house as an investment."

Tony continued his story. "My family has been coming down here every year since I was a kid, so it was a great opportunity for me, us to invest in something here."

"Are you two gay, I mean like partners?" Lisa was not shy to ask.

"Lisa! I told you that Rob and I used to date." I had to come to his defense even though they knew that she was kidding.

Rob was laughing "no, we're not gay, we just thought it would be a great investment considering that we were sitting on a huge amount of money after the business sold and figured we could retire down here or continue to invest and find another business to run". "We're still trying to figure that part out."

I looked at Lisa. "We're staying like 2 houses down from them this week. We also come down here every year and I've watched the progress on that house every year wondering what it will look like when it's done. And, who would actually buy it".

"Well now you see it and now you know." Tony answered.

"I thought I saw you on the beach this week but I wasn't sure. I was going to come over but I guess that's your husband you were with." Rob confessed.

"Yes, that's my husband but you still could have come over and said hello." I thought for a second how that would have gone over with my husband.

"Tony actually noticed you and commented too, I must say." Rob threw Tony under the bus.

"What does that mean? How did he comment?" Lisa asked.

Tony was eager to compliment me. "He means she was a pleasure to look at on the beach. Let's just say that". He toasted me and we clicked glasses.

I was now getting a bit embarrassed. "OMG, thank you." I said.

Rob looked amazing to me and I wanted to compliment him that divorce was good to him but I wasn't sure how he felt about it. He looked like he got himself into some serious shape maybe after the divorce to try and get back into the dating scene again. I remembered his lips and how sexy he was and I was embarrassed to admit to myself that I was excited to see him.

Tony was also in good shape. We learned that he met Rob in college and they started a business together. They worked so hard at it that they both lost what they loved most, their families but became very successful in their business. 

Lisa kept teasing me and Rob all night asking questions about what we did and what we remember and she was getting us into a little bit of trouble. To put it bluntly if my husband was there while this was going on it would have been awkward. He is open to a lot of things but maybe a bit jealous when it comes to ex-boyfriends but mostly when it comes to Rob.

After a few drinks Rob made a suggestion. "Since you are staying just a few houses from us let's go check out the house and have some drinks at our place."

"That would be OK by me; I'd love to see your house." Lisa was open to the idea. She looked over at me for approval just to see if I was fine with the idea. We headed towards their house which was only a few blocks from the restaurant.

We walked around the big circular drive and stopped in front of the huge glass double-doors. I didn't feel at all insecure about going into the house with them. We were only a couple of houses away from where I was staying so it was just a quick walk home from there. I didn't feel in violation of anything other than just a friendly visit and I had my partner in crime with me to make sure we stayed out of trouble. Or at least I thought.

Rob lead us into the house and we walked into the huge foyer. The house was amazing, huge and expensive. As I looked around I must have thought out loud as I was thinking "what did you guys do to afford this?"

Tony responded to my thoughts "Have you ever heard or played the game War Lords on your phone?" I just looked around and shrugged my shoulders, can't say that I ever heard of it nor play iPhone games. "Well Rob and I wrote the original code for that game and then eventually started a gaming company that we just recently sold. We are still working out the details about the finances so please don't ask us how much we made. Anyway, our finance guy told us we should invest in real estate right away to offset some of the initial taxes on the sale. So here we are"

I was in awe. "This is absolutely incredible. I mean you could use a decorator in here to help spruce this up a bit but OMG, this house is gorgeous."

Rob walked into the room holding four glasses and a bottle of Champaign. "C'mon, let's go downstairs it's the only room in the house besides the bedrooms that have any furniture."

Rob led us down into the lower level. We settled in a large room which seemed like a game room of some sort. Cozy and warm, dark carpeting and a few huge TV screens hung around the walls. There appeared to be a pool table that was still in its plastic so it looked like they started to move some things in. I had to laugh at their priorities but again, these are two divorced guys. The guys sat on a sofa sectional and Lisa and I sat across from them on a big cushiony love seat. We all sipped our drinks for a short time as I was still in awe of the house. Tony went on and on about their company and how they met and on and on. I felt the drink hit me even harder than the others at the restaurant it tasted great and I felt really good.

Rob took a drink of Champaign and looked over at me. "I just remembered, did you remember Kathy Temper from the area we grew up?" He asked me.

I remembered a sweet innocent girl kept to herself most of the time. "Yes, I remember her. Oh, wait! I heard something about her. Oh yeah. She walked in on her husband with another woman or something like that." I faintly remember some bizarre story.

Rob laughed. "Well something like that. Her husband came home from a business trip early and found her in bed with another woman. Can you imagine that? Who would have guessed innocent little Kathy a lesbian."

Tony didn't know her but he commented. "I would have paid to see that." He said.

Lisa was looking for some adventure as she and her husband are always hosting crazy parties. From adult games to lingerie parties to you name it, they host them. We have only gone to one and it was a little too much for me. They hosted a lingerie party and the theme was for the ladies to pick out as much free lingerie as possible. The only catch was that in order to keep it you had to model it in front of everyone. They set up a huge cat walk in the basement and it was crazy. Luckily I only picked out this cute bra and panties but my husband went crazy when I totally got up there and modeled it. I've stayed clear of their parties since, but I always hear the stories. "How much?" She chimed in. 

Tony looked up from his drink "How much, what?"

Lisa was persistent. "How much would you have paid to see that, this little innocent Kathy person with another chick?"

Rob jumped in to his defense. "I think it's just a figure of speech is all."

Tony laughed. "I'd pay. Seriously, I'd pay good money to see that."

Everyone got a chuckle out of that.

I knew Lisa was up to something, I've seen her like this before but sometimes I don't know if she's serious or kidding. "So if say, Maria and I started something here right now, you'd 'pay good money' to see that?" Using her fingers to emphasize the 'pay good money' quote.

Rob was first to answer that question, which is what I was afraid of. "Hell, I'd pay good money to see that."

Lisa kept them going. "OK, so let's play a game. What do you say we do something sexy like a sexy dare and you pay?"

I was not sure where this was headed. I grabbed her hand to try and stop her. I put my drink on the table and tried to say something but the guys were not having it.

"OK, I'm game. How much do we pay?" Tony asked what the rules were.

Lisa stood. "I don't care, you figure it out. You have the money and we have the dares. Pay what you think is deserving of whatever you find sexy." She grabbed my hand. "C'mon, let's go to the bathroom."

We walked into the plush marble bathroom and we were in awe of the money put into this house. I said to Lisa. "Are you crazy? What are you doing?" We started a loud whisper not to be heard.

"Awe c'mon Maria. Let's have a little fun with these guys. This is that hot boyfriend you used to tell me about. Didn't you tell me that just recently you had a strange dream about him or something?" She was trying to downplay this. "It will be fun. We'll play with these guys and see if we can get any money out of them. God knows they can afford it. My God, look at this bathroom."

"I'm not sure what you have in mind but I can't get into trouble here. I'm all for a good time but let's not get too crazy." I had to put some boundaries up for her. I wasn't expecting her to get out of control but this was an ex and not some strange guy that had no connection with me.

"Oh stop it, you know me. I would never put you in a bad situation. C'mon let's have some sexy fun. The boys left us alone so we should have a good time too." She went on. "Remember two years back when we teased that guy at the bar, when he kept looking under the table trying to look up our dresses...?"

"Yeah, how can I forget? We took or panties off and gave him a show." I was embarrassed but remembering how erotic and sexy that was how could I say no to her. I also remember telling my husband when we got home later that night and the sex was amazing. "OK, let's do this. I know Rob anyway and he would never do anything to hurt us or jeopardize anything. What do you have in mind?"

She slid her hand up under her dress and pulled her panties off. She held them up and swung them around her finger. "I'm going to start with this." 

We walked out of the bathroom and I couldn't keep the smile off my face. Not sure what kind of reaction this would rise from the guys but soon to find out. She walked over to them sitting on the sofa and dropped her panties on Tony's lap. He grabbed them and looked up at her. She smiled and turned to sit back next to me. He was shocked and Rob just rolled and laughed. He couldn't believe what she just did. Tony held them up and said "Really? You did not just do this."

"I told you, we do something sexy and you pay. What would a sexy girl get for taking her panties off and giving them away?"

Rob was bidding for him. "I'd say at least $50 for that. That was pretty hot and totally unexpected."

Tony was still in shock. "OK, yeah. I agree $50 for that."

"OK, let's see it then. C'mon put your money where your mouth is. Get it out and put it here on the table. Let's see how much we can build this pot up to. And by the way, Tony...you're not keeping those so don't get too attached."

Rob was shaking his head as they both went into their pockets and each put up a $50 bill in the bowl lying on the coffee table. "I'm not sure what can top that, wow." He said and sat back down in his seat.
