 How dare that fuzz bucket wire-haired snaggled-tooth jerk tell me that I didn't know squat about playing pool! Somebody should inform the numskull that my daddy was the state 9-ball Champ for 4 years running and my Grandpa was the owner of this town's biggest and baddest billiard room in the early 1940's. Pool is my first, middle and last name. Oh well, hindsight is 20-20, so they say. I threw a $50 spot on the worn green-carpeted table. The game is on.

I had beaten my gambling addiction a few times but each time it came back stronger, beating me up worse. I loved to play while on an edge. I had the edge tonight like the angles of a triangle, crisp and sharp. My game was on and going strong. I beat him 4 of 4 games, and with every game the wager grew. Each time I skillfully sunk the 8-ball with a smooth as silk stroke. In my mind, when I took my shot, I imagined my cue stick was a long smooth cock that I steadily caressed, following through on the final down stroke, making the target ball slip into the dark welcoming hole of a pocket.

I sound like I own a cock. Well, I don't. I am a 25-year-old blonde haired blue-eyed petite woman. A Duke University baseball cap perfectly hides my soft curls. My plain blue jeans are loose fitting ones that fail to reveal the lack of male bulges. Breasts are harvested melons for the women in my family. Too bad, my seeds never sprung. I had no breasts hardly, just large nipples. Many thought I was a man due to my shape. But underneath this harsh tough as nail exterior, I was a soft pliable lady. I just chose to let assumptions and stereotypes remain.

I won 1 K off the arrogant ass. I was stuffing my jeans pocket when he said to let us go for one more game. What a dill weed! I had just taken 90% of his money, what did he have to offer. I don't play for jewelry or post-dated checks. I reminded him that he had nothing worth 1 K to me and that I was heading home. He asked if I could give him a few minutes. I had a full beer sitting on the jukebox collecting condensation, as Pasty Cline sang "Crazy." I informed the sweating mass of pudgy pudding that he had until the next to last swallow of my beer to make his point.

He ran into the bar area of the pool hall. A few of my buddies were giving me pats on the back telling me how great that I played. Like I said-the edge was alive tonight. I could not lose. It was written in the constellations. I bet if I called my tarot card reader that she would agree with me, and probably reveal that I was a small-breasted woman, too.

Humpty Dumpty came huffing back. If he insisted on another game, I wondered if he realized that all the king's horses and all the king's men didn't have enough glue to hold his game together. Behind him, reluctantly following was the most beautiful woman that I had ever seen. She had long thick bouncing black hair and big green eyes. She was tall and curvy, almost bursting out of the top of her red dress with cleavage. Her breasts would have fit in at my family reunion, as they were ripe full melons. Her skin was pale and translucent. Her full lips were scarlet and her nails were fuck me red.

My mouth fell open when he told me that his bet was his girl. She was mine if I won and if I lost, his money was once again his. What was I to do with a woman! The cheers and catcalls drowned out my protests. I watched in amazement, as the sweating desperate prick racked the balls. My eyes fell on the lady or whatever she was. She gave me a challenging look, as if daring me, taunting me to refuse to play. With my blue eyes locked in a contest of wills with her green ones, I gallantly rallied the crowd. This was no contest and would be a total mockery of a game. My edge was on. I was as infallible as the God of Billiards was.

With the crowd's silence riding shotgun on my shoulder, I lowered my pool stick. Taking aim, I steadied my bridge, for the jukebox Conway Twitty's voice sang, "Its only make-believe." Inhaling a big lung full of stale smoke filled air, I broke the balls. They ran around the pool table. I swear they sounded like banshees. Screams of joy filled the room, as the 8-ball went into the pocket on the break. I had won. A hundred to one shot and I made it. Now what the hell was I going to do with a woman! I looked over at the simmering voluptuous female. I was shocked to see a small smile on her face. Our eyes met of a brief moment, electricity passed between us. Mr. Loser shook my hand, telling me that I was one lucky bastard. He knew when to quit. I thanked him for offering his girl and told him that I didn't expect for him to go through with his wager. It was cool and no one would find out.

He laughingly slapped my back, saying that she didn't expect a gentleman and to give it to her rough because she liked to be treated like a slut. I fumed. How dare he call this vision of loveliness a slut! As if she knew we were discussing her, she came over and placed her arms around the pig, kissing him deeply. She asked if she should let me cum in her. He laughed, telling her to do like they always do. I realized that I was a pawn in some kind of twisted sexual game between them. Boy was she in for a surprise! Acting male, I squeezed her as and winked at her pimp like boyfriend. He told me that I had all night to do whatever I wanted with her but she had to be back at his place by 8 am. He gave me an address about ten blocks from my place. I was tired of the pool hall. I glanced at my watch. It was hitting 2 am. The bar would be closing in a few minutes.

She followed me to my bike. I could tell that she wasn't too thrilled about riding on it. I gave her my helmet, telling her that we had just a couple of blocks to drive and to hang on tight that I like it fast and wild. She smiled at that comment. I could smell her skin, as she leaned into me. Her breasts were pressing into my back. Her nipples felt like fingers poking me. If I had a cock, it would have been bursting to cum with the way she rubbed her breasts against my back. I drove the bike like a daredevil, giving her the ride of the night, since I couldn't give her a ride like she and Mr. Hustler thought she was going to get.

My apartment was about the garage of an elderly couple. It was a small two-room place. I rarely had company over. After the incident in Denver with Mac, I guarded my heart. I didn't date or entertain. The pool hall patrons didn't find me attractive and I believe half of them thought I was a man or a lesbian. But did I care? Not really, I was happy not having some fool try to probe me with his wasted weenie.

I offered her a beer. She gave my apartment the once over with her hawk like eyes. She declined, asking if she could freshen up in the bathroom. I politely nodded. She was in there for about 10 minutes. Sitting on the couch, I pondered the situation. I had a dildo that I could fuck her with. With the lights off, and keeping my clothes on, I think I could fool her. When she walked back into the room, I had a sinking feeling. I knew I couldn't pull off the charade. She had removed her red dress and was standing in the doorway of the bathroom. She was as vision, wearing black stockings, a garter belt and a bunch of scarlet lipstick. Nothing else-no panties and no bra. She was the mold that the gods used to create the body of goddesses. Her skin was clear and so porcelain fine. Black hair cascaded down her back and over her shoulders. A few wisps of curls cradled her nipples with their deep pink hue making me dizzy.

She walked over to where I sat and stood in front of me, asking if I liked what I saw. Honestly, I am no lesbian but at that moment, I wanted to taste her. Offering her breasts to my lips, I sucked them. Oh Goddess, manna from heaven. I kissed down her flat stomach. My hands stroked her inner thighs. She trembled when I accidentally brushed her pussy lips, which were shaven.

She asked if I was gonna fuck her on the couch. She deserved satin sheets, flower petals and champagne. Oh well, flannel sheets were gonna have to work. I pushed her hand away from my crotch. I wasn't ready to confess that I was a woman. I wanted to lick her first. She laughed at me, thinking that I was a shy young man. I didn't care. She was going to be very surprised.

I led her to my modest single bed. Pushing her down on it, I dove into her pussy. I licked and massaged it. Sucking her little stiff clit into my mouth, I listened to her moans. I knew I was doing it right, as this was how I loved to be licked. She wrapped her legs around my shoulders, urging me to tongue her. Her taste was sweet and heady. It made me weak. The first time she came, she cried out pulling my hair. I continued to suck lightly on her clit, as my fingers slid inside her tight pussy. The mushy swampy sounds were in tune with her labored breathing.

After she had come the third time, she started demanding that I fuck her. She pushed me away, pulling at my shirt. I told her to take it easy, because I couldn't perform-that I was impotent. She didn't believe that. Oh well, might as well show her the truth. I stood up and stripped under her watchful green eyes. My pussy was throbbing to be touched. I knew that later I would masturbate. When she saw my small breasts with their big puffy nipples, her eyes grew big. But when she saw my trimmed pussy, they grew even bigger. I held my breath.

Throwing back her head, she laughed as her black curls danced across the pillow. Holding out her hand, she urged me to come to her. Pulling me down onto her, she kissed me softly and tenderly. Her fingers found my nipples. She whispered that she loved small-breasted women. I could not believe what I was hearing. The Goddess was smiling down on me. Her approval was her mouth on my nipples. I was the one trembling now.

I found myself lying on my back as she sucked my fat nipples. Her silky tresses teased my stomach. Her kisses left red lipstick on my breasts and tummy like a crimson passion trail. I was trimmed where she was bald. Would she mind I wondered? She kissed my thighs, pushed my legs apart, and began to take long deliberate licks up my pussy slit. Oh, how good her tongue felt! I relaxed. She was better at this than I was. She teased my clit as I had teased her. How she licked me! As if I were cream, she lapped at my pussy. When I came the first time, she didn't stop. But threw her pussy over my face into a 69 position, so that I could eat her too.

We went on for hours until 6 am, coming over and over. Curling into sleep, we purred like kittens contented. An hour later, I awoke. I looked at her and remembered that I had to have her back to her fat lover by 8 am. This made me think the night before and their parting conversation. He had wanted me to fuck her like a slut. But we had fucked each other like lovers. I had wanted to lick her once again gently. But this time, I decided that she really did need fucking, so I got my vibrator out. I began licking her awake. She wasn't full alert until I slid the vibrator in and turned it up full blast, while I steadily licked her clit. I wanted her to return to the pig sated and weak. I fucked her hard with the unrelenting dildo and my tongue showed no mercy to her clit. She cried out, screaming that she was coming, calling for God and begging me not to stop. I didn't. The aggressive side of me took over.

I flipped her over to fuck her doggie style with the fake cock, slapping her ass as I did it. She begged me to call her names. Slut and bitch she became. Demandingly, I made her lie on her back with her legs open wide. I sat on her face, telling her to eat me as I fucked her. She went wild on my pussy. I had released a pussy hungry animal. Her tongue stuffed my pussy while her fingers danced over my clit. I leaned over her to slip the vibrator inside her, the batteries long dead, as I sucked her clit. We came at the same time, covering each other with creamy pussy juice.

I climbed off her and wiped the wet vibrator all over her body. I helped her to get dressed. She smelled like pussy, which was what I wanted. Was sending her back to the arrogant pig of a man whom got off on her sexual escapades, weak and cum soaked like he wanted but cum soaked by a woman and not a man. For some reason, this made me smile.