 Once a month, the ladies in our neighborhood get together for some time away. It is a break from the pulls of life and our normal responsibilities. Tonight just happened to be one of those nights. My friend, Mary Beth, was hosting a sex toy party. This sounds exciting, but having a toy box full, I could not imagine that I needed anything else. Even though I enjoyed myself in the previous months, I was feeling extremely tired and considered staying home.

I almost did, but my husband, Chris, encouraged me to go anyway.  He told me that it would be good for me to go for a little while, and to see what this lady had to offer. 

"You never know," he said, "She just might have something you don't have."

He was right. It would be fun and good to see the girls, and I could come home whenever I felt like it. 

When I arrived, there were already a few ladies there. I quickly got myself something to drink and dove into the conversation. Within minutes, I noticed that the tiredness I was feeling had disappeared. 

Soon, the representative started the demonstration. It was great. We drank a little wine, joked about who had the most sex toys, and who knew how to use them. We all seemed to be enjoying ourselves, but as soon as orders were placed, people were leaving. Normally, when the girls get together, we hang out and chat a while. This was not the case tonight. I guess others were feeling the strain of the week, or they were eager to get home to try out their new toys.

Well, it was around 11PM when Angie, Michelle, and I were headed out. Because Michelle was not ready to go home, she came to my house for a while. Angie dropped us off and we headed inside. When I opened the door, I saw my husband sitting in his chair, and I gave him one of those wifely looks. Without saying a word, I let him know that Michelle had had a lot to drink and this could get interesting. Chris smiled, said hello, and went about his business.

When we sat down, Michelle pulled out her new toy. She asked me if I liked it, and I told her that I had one very similar. She hoped to have some fun with it since her husband was not always interested in having sex. She told me that she loved her husband but was not being fulfilled sexually. I heard her say that she needed to be touched and caressed in addition to sex. I was listening to what she was saying but I was hearing something different. I heard, "I want you to touch me and stroke my hair. I want you."

Could this really be what she wanted? At first, I put a hand on her thigh and brushed back her hair. As I did she leaned her head back and let out a slight moan. Next, I brushed her cheek with my fingers. It did not seem to be anything major, but shortly after things began to heat up.

We were sitting in the living room while my husband was watching a war movie. Because it was a bit too graphic for us ladies, I asked Michelle if she would like to move into the kitchen and have a cup of coffee. When she responded, "Sure," I got up to prepare the coffee. 

It only took a moment to get the coffee started, and then I headed back to the living room. When I reached the doorway, I saw my husband hugging her and cupping one of her breast. At that point, she saw me, left his embrace, and walked over to me. She gave me a big hug, and as she did, she moved her long dark hair to one side. It was right then when something inside of me said, "Kiss her neck." O.K., I thought, and I began to kiss her. I started just below her ear and worked my way down to the base of her neck. Then, I started to fondle her breast through her clothes. Once again she released a moan. Reaching into her low cut top, I pulled her right breast from her bra and started to suck her nipple. She threw her head back and began to moan louder. I reached back into her shirt and removed her left breast and sucked its nipple as well. 

The next thing I knew, Michele was removing my shirt and bra. She reached forward and took my tits into her hands and began licking my erect nipples. Her actions were really making me hot. My pussy was aching, and my panties were becoming damp. I decided that I wanted to see if Michele was as wet as I was. Unfastening her pants, I reached my hand inside and started rubbing her clit, and fingering her pussy. 

"Oh, yes," she cried out. "That feels good."

I knew it. She was as worked up as I was.

I glanced over to Chris to see what he was doing. It was obvious that he was in shock. Nothing like this had ever happened in our home before. This was indeed a fantasy come true. I could not believe what was happening, but there was no way I was going to stop. I was having too much fun. 

Chris motioned for me to take off her shirt and bra. When I did, his face lit up as to say, "Oh, my God, they look good. He had always wanted to see Michele's large breast, and he just got his wish. 

It was at this point that I heard Michele say something.

"Lets go to your room," she said.

I took her hand in mine and, we walked into my room. She sat down on my bed and, I helped her remove the rest of her clothes. After she lay back on the bed, I began to kiss her all over. I danced my mouth up and down her abdomen and across her tits. I ended up back on her nipples while rubbing her clit and fingering her tight, wet pussy. Michelle was moaning and swaying her body back and forth with excitement.

From the corner of my eye, I saw my husband in the doorway. I motioned for him to come over. He watched for a moment and then leaned over to suck and play with her nipples. This allowed me to have both hands to spread her lips and lick her pussy. I slid my tongue up and down the length of her cunt and tickled her clit with each stroke.

Rising again, Chris stood to watch. I asked him to hand me a dildo and a vibrator from my toy box. He handed me a small vibrator and a cock that was about eight inches long and two and a quarter around. After handing me the toys, he turned and left the room.

I placed the vibrator on her clit and began working the cock into her hole. She started thrusting her hips, and I knew that inside she was crying "Fuck me, fuck me more."

With each of her thrusts, I slid the cock a little deeper into her. She was saying, "Oh, my God, Oh, my God," over and over again. 

Even though I was not being fucked, I found myself moaning. I was being pushed to the limit because I was so excited about what I was doing. I had dreamed about playing with Michele but never thought that it would really happen.

Chris could hear our expressions of pleasure and returned once more to get a glimpse of what was going on. Her pussy was wrapped as tight as a glove around the piercing shaft, and her body was shaking as if she was having convulsions. Because I knew that she was about to reach her climax, I started to fuck her harder and deeper. Chris noticed as well and once again worked his magic on her tits. It was upon his touch that she began to buck like a raging bronco.  

"Yeesss, I'm cuming. Oh, my God, that feels good. Mmmmmm..." 

The sounds coming from her mouth made me want to fuck her more but I knew that she was done. I stroked her pussy a couple more times but slowed my pace each time. I wanted her to enjoy every second of her orgasm, and she did.

After she came, Chris quickly left the room. He did not think that she was aware that he was there, and he did not want to upset her. She laid still for a short time while trying to catch her breath. I lay down next to her and stroked her hair.

"Are you alright?" I asked.

"Yes", she answered, "I am good and really glad we are friends."

As she brushed my face with her fingers, I responded, "Me too."

She rose from the bed and gathered her things to dress. Once she was done, she let me know that she needed to get home. Not much was said but Chris and I both gave her a hug and then said our goodbyes. As I watched her walk away, I could not help but think, this was one party I almost did not attend.