 I refilled my coffee mug and walked back on to my porch, my mind lingering on Natasha and that night years ago. I remember entering her little house that night, it was late, she lived in a small cottage on a lake in the suburbs of Lake Oswego, it was neatly kept, everything white washed, sparse comes to mind. I remember thinking that night as I walked to her kitchen to pour us both a glass of wine that the place didn’t suit her, I had always imagined her home to be filled with rich colors, sultry hues, heavy dark wood furniture, thick soft chenille throw blankets to curl up with on a plush leather sofa the would have been worn with age. Closing my eyes now to the gently morning breeze, I see myself walking through her home, she had lit a few candles in the living room, slid a cd into her stereo, an old Kate Bush song whispered out to me. 

I set my wine glass down on a glass top table and walked to the small porch, throwing the french-doors open, letting the warm night air in, hints of lavender swam around me, a crescent silhouette of the moon shimmered on the lake, its silver beams lighting its way around the calm water. 

I knew she was next to me even before her hand intertwined with mine, our fingers locking. I looked over at her, admiring her timeless beauty, she had washed her stage make up off, her face fresh and clean, her long hair hung loose around her shoulders, she wore an old pair of cut off Levi shorts that frayed slightly around the hem, and a fitted white cotton t-shirt, her feet were bare. I watched as she inhaled the sweetness of the night air and then she simple turned to me and smiled. A smile I had never seen on her lips before this night, there wasn’t a hint of her usual naughty wickedness to be seen, but a warmhearted genuine smile. That one moment sent my heart plummeting to the tips of my toes. 

I fought to catch my breath, noticing I was doing that a lot around her, it amazed me still, how a simple look from her could bring something as natural as breathing to a trembling halt. 

She pulled me outside farther --- to the small rod ironed daybed the rested up against the house under the covered porch, her hands on my shoulders gently easing me down onto the bed. She kneeled at my feet, pulling off my boots, her hands sliding up my leather pants reaching for the bottom of my shirt easing it up my body and over my head to expose my sheer black bra, I shivered in the moonlight. I stood up in front of her, my hands shook a little as I unbuttoned my pants, slowly slid the zipper down, wiggling my hips pushing the smooth leather down my legs and stepping out of the pants leaving them in a pool around our feet. I stood before her in a black sheer thong and matching bra -- nervous as hell. 

In the moonlight I watched as she shed her tiny t-shirt and shorts, she wasn’t wearing anything, we stood smiling at each other -- such innocence. I remember being so aware of bodies together and how we must have looked to a prying eye. Her skin dark olive and mine deeply tanned, her silky blonde tresses and me -- with dark wild long ringlets. Her dark smoky eyes, the color of fine Irish whiskey looking into my crystal pale blue eyes that held a dark edge behind them. 

I reached out to her, tracing a finger along her collar bone, taking absolute pleasure in just watching the swell of her breasts as she closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, her lips parting on her exhale, she opened those dark eyes on me, leaning closer, her hands running through my hair, she pulled me to her, our lips a breath a part, the craving hesitating there between us. And then as time stood still -- her lips reached out for mine, gently whispering over mine, her tongue sliding over my upper lip, teeth skimming over my full bottom lip, ever ounce of my being trembled from within. Tugging, sucking small nibbles. I moaned in her mouth as I reached for her again, our smooth bodies pressed against one another, loosing a bit of myself to her.

Arms intertwined we laid down on the bed outside, she pushed me onto my back, her lips fixed into a perfect pout nipping at my breast, tongue circling my perky nipple, teeth gently scraping my flesh, her hair resting over one shoulder tickling me as she left little butterfly kisses down my stomach, she lay on across my lower body, slowly licking my naval, the nights gentle breeze sending shivers up an down my body.

Small hands circled my hips, knowing calculated strokes urging me closer to her mouth. Nervous thoughts flooded my mind mixing with the un denying want to explore them all the same. I remember fighting with myself, my mind telling me I should stop now -- go home, sleep this off, but I gave up that single thought when her mouth came down on me. A fire exploded through me at her first touch, my eyes fell closed, my back arching instinctively, my hips moving closer to her mouth, hands curled into fists in the old blanket above my head, small whimpers and moans filled the night, I can’t remember if they came from her or me.

I withered in her embrace as she slid a finger inside me and then another, exploring the depths of my wetness, loving the way my body was so quick to respond and answer to her touch. I gasped out loud, my eyes fluttering open, my breath coming to me in shallow waves as her tongue flicked over my swollen clitoris, my muscles tensing instantly under her stroke. The flame inside me grew warmer, the fire building, filling my senses, taking over control, rising my pulse, my heart beating faster, echoing in my head, the swells crashing through me.

I cried out as she sucked on my swollen fruits, rhythmically tickling me, she tightened her arms around my hips pulling me closer, her tongue circling and circling sending me soaring, fingers moving inside me to a secret dance that only she knew. My hands tangled in my own wild hair as my body started to shake, my hips rising to her, pressing closer, my skin damp and so hot, aching, a fever burning through me as my orgasm punch through me sending my body crashing down leaving me shattered, my breath ragged. 

I felt her move up my body, rising slightly higher then me, pulling me close to her breast, she pressed my head down onto her chest as she stroked my hair, whispering to me, holding me in her warm arms. Soothing me with her words, kissing my forehead as she pulled the old quilt that had been made years ago over our bodies, stroking the damp hair away from my face she whispered to me as I fell into a sweet peaceful sleep.

As I sit here now on my porch, my empty coffee mug in hand, the neighbors dog at my feet, the morning sun rising over the hill dancing over the water, I wonder what ever happened to her, where she was now , how she was doing, if she ever thought of night, if I crossed her mind, the way she had devoured my thoughts now.