 I worked hard that morning, hoping to get the majority of the physical work done before the real heat of the day. Even though I started and finished early, it was still incredibly hot by mid-morning, but I had managed to dig over the whole section of the vegetable garden to lay empty over the autumn. I set off to the small shed to log my work in the diary, looking forward to getting out of the searing heat.

Kicking off my work boots and thick socks at the door, I instantly felt cooler. I flicked the switch on the fan, and stood in front of it, feeling the cool air on my face, blowing through my hair. I heard familiar footsteps behind me and the welcome clink of ice in a water jug. I was about to turn around when arms appeared from behind, holding me close. I felt a jolt of electricity go through my body, why did her touch always do that?

"I'm really sweaty!" I protested.

She licked my exposed shoulder, moving to the nape of my neck. "You smell amazing" she murmured, "and you taste even better."

My whole body was on high alert. I wanted to turn to her but she held me fast, tight, pressing her body to mine just enough to let me feel her desire, I could hear it in her breath. As I began to relax into her embrace, she alternated between touching me lightly and gently, to firmly kneading my body.

She pulled my tank over my head, quickly undoing my bra, letting it fall as she slipped it off my shoulders. Her hands were at my waist now. She moved them up, over my ribs on either side of my breasts, over my armpits, pushing my arms up over my head.

Holding my hands as she kissed and licked my back, shoulders and ears, her fingertips slowly, with the lightest touch, ran over the palms of my hands, inner wrists and inner forearm, stopping briefly in the crease of my elbow and then continuing down my inner arm towards my armpits. From there they travelled across to my throat, tracing down through the centre of my body, parting as they ran under each of my breasts on their journey downwards. Her touch was unbelievably erotic. I was lost in the feelings she aroused in me.

She undid the button to my shorts and as one hand caressed my breasts, the other moved down inside my shorts, searching for the source of my wetness. One touch, my knees went weak.

I took her hand out, and turned to face her. I took her face in my hands, God! She was beautiful.

We kissed. Sweet kisses, longing kisses, passionate kisses, her tongue in my mouth, mine in hers. I reached up inside her tank, undid her bra, pulling them off together, throwing them to one side. The jug of iced water was right next to us; I grabbed a handful of ice and with both hands massaged it into her body. It melted immediately, cool water running down her torso. She gasped at the cold, and then gasped at the heat as I took her nipple into my mouth.

Using her hands, then her feet, she took down my shorts and panties, and as she took off her own I quickly grabbed a blanket and threw it on the ground. 

We stopped for a moment, holding hands, smiled at each other and I pulled her to her knees.

As close to each other as possible with our legs interlocked, we began to move together. I took her hair out of its ponytail, it fell down below her shoulders and as we tribbed, I put my face right into it, breathing in deeply.

I guided her to lie down and we continued to grind, her beneath, me on top. Our kisses were urgent now and I moved down her body, licking with the tip of my tongue until I came to her belly button. I flicked at the edges before putting my tongue deep inside. As I did this, I lightly stroked the soft flesh between her ribs and hips. She squirmed as I tickled her, I moved downwards, pausing to breathe. I felt drunk with her scent.

I moved to the right hand side of her outer lips, taking it into my mouth before gently nibbling and sucking, taking it all in my mouth. I slid my tongue in the groove between her inner and outer lips then I moved up and across barely touching her hood before giving the left hand lip the same attention. She moaned as I teased her in this way a couple more times. 

Next, I put my tongue on her slit, licking slowly, firmly, as you would lick an ice cream, just stopping short of her clit. I could feel and hear her excitement building as I continued. I stopped and took some ice, holding it just above her, letting the icy drops of water fall onto her as I blew on it to make the cool air more intense. I licked her once more, this time going all the way up to the top; I could feel how swollen and aroused she was. Now I concentrated just on that area, using my tongue flat, massaging, and moving with her, to her rhythm. I put two fingers just inside her, finding her g-spot, gently beckoning her to me.

Her hips move quicker, her body tensed as she came, contracting, shuddering, still moving on my fingers. I stayed still, letting her wind down in her own way and in her own time.

I slid my fingers out slowly, holding her, feeling her body slowly relax as she came back to herself.

And then I got my reward.

She smiled. "I love you"

That's all I needed to hear.