 I guess I knew it was going to happen. There were little signs, had I been paying attention. The way she touched my arm when she laughed. The way her fingers lingered just a moment as she brushed a stray hair from my cheek. Maybe it was in her eyes, bright green, smiling, or the way she placed her hand on the small of my back as we walked through the crowd to leave. Maybe I just subconsciously chose to ignore them at first but there were signs. 

She wanted it, and I wanted it too. From the moment I saw her at the party, cliché as it sounds, our eyes met and there was a spark. We had cloistered ourselves away from the other guests and I was entranced by her. Her beauty, her elegance. The world around me ceased to exist. I had never been with a woman. It had been a thought, a fantasy, not something I ever imagined myself doing. Especially at a business function. But here I was, leaving with her, and I knew by the end of the night it would not be just a fantasy anymore. 

We walked out slowly. The only sound was the faint remnants of the party we had left inside. When we reached her car, a sporty little silver BMW convertible, she opened the door for me. I paused for a moment to look at her, as if for assurance that I was not mistaken about her intentions. She smiled again and I relaxed.

It wasn't a long ride to her place but the tension made it feel like an eternity. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. Her long black hair flowing in the breeze. The way her short silk skirt showed so much of her well-toned thighs. Just the sight of her was making me tremble. I tried so hard to focus on the warm spring air. I looked at the city disappearing and the moon sitting high in the sky, but my eyes were always drawn back to her. 

When we pulled into her driveway it was as though we had pulled into the past. It was a small guest cottage, once part of an elaborate estate. The ancient walls hung thick with ivy. The roof was thatched and there were small lush gardens surrounding the whole cottage. But it seemed to fit her. It was elegant and beautiful. We walked down a winding cobblestone path to the door and she fumbled with her keys. Her fumbling was the only sign that she was as nervous as I was. 

As she pushed the door open she reached not for a light switch, but for a book of matches. With apparent ease, she lit small clusters of candles from the entryway to the bedroom. Each bundle of candles was placed in front of a small mirror to reflect the light around the room. As we entered the bedroom I began to shake. I still don't know if it was anticipation or fear. She placed the last of the candles on the night table and turned to me and spoke for the first time since we left the party. "You are so beautiful," she whispered as she walked to me and placed her arms around my waist. "I want to kiss you," she said. I could only nod. 

When her lips first met mine it was as if someone had set fire to me. Her tongue teased my lips to open them. I felt almost faint. I was unsure what to do, how to react, but she took the lead not in a forceful way but gently and sweetly. I allowed myself to kiss her back to taste her as she was tasting me. Kissing me still, she led me to the bed. I had never felt such desire before, such base heat. She reached behind me and unzipped my dress, a small black velvet strapless. It fell away from my body, leaving me covered by only small velvet panties, a garter belt and stockings. Her hands went immediately to my breasts. She did not grab or grope, she stroked them lightly as she continued to caress my mouth with hers. I could taste wine on her tongue, feel the pressure of her full lips as our desire increased. The way her fingernails felt against my nipples was exquisite. I could feel her touch throughout my whole being. 

She stepped back from me, her lips parted slightly as if she were breathing in my very essence. Slowly she unbuttoned her blouse revealing large but firm breasts covered in a pale pink camisole trimmed in lace. Her skirt was removed in a swift motion and she moved towards me again. This time it was I who took the initiative. I moved her hands around my waist so our breasts were pressed together. I could feel her nipples harden behind the silk. I shivered again, wondering if I could contain myself.

Being with her felt amazing, the way our bodies melted together. I was lost in her kisses. Her lips pressed against my cheeks down my throat to my breasts. I moaned as her mouth moved to encompass my nipples. They became taut against her tongue, her breath hot against my skin. My hands sought out her breasts, stroking her with my fingers as she stroked me with her tongue. I was surprised at the way if felt to caress another woman's breasts, so different from my own. To feel the warm flesh give beneath my fingers. The rise of her nipple against my thumb.

She moved to the bed as her tongue fluttered down my stomach, and pulled me onto the bed next to her. Then she moved further down to her knees. My eyes closed as her hands moved to my inner thighs. Her kisses softened . It was as though a butterfly was leisurely climbing my leg. She lingered around my knee letting her teeth scrape it causing a thrill I'd never felt. As she moved her tongue to my thighs I began to visibly tremble. She looked up at me sweetly, I could see she was making sure I was alright. I moaned softly to encourage her, letting her know that I was beyond the point of return. She moved quickly then, her own desire mounting. 

I felt as though I would scream when she pushed my legs apart and covered my panties with her mouth. I could feel the warmth of her tongue, the pressure of her lips against the soft velvet. My body burned as her fingers pushed my panties aside. I felt myself losing control as she finally gave to me what I had been craving from the moment I saw her. Her mouth enveloped me completely. My fingers twisted in her hair as I pushed her closer into me. Her tongue kissed, teased, and sucked. With each moment she evoked from me a passion I had never known. Sounds came from my mouth that I did not recognize. It was as if she knew my every desire. Her mouth gently enveloped my clit, her tongue circling slowly. She moved her fingers inside me, finding places I did not know existed. In what seemed like seconds I was grinding my lips to hers as I came wildly. We lay still for but a moment as I absorbed every sensation. The usual fall off I felt after orgasms wasn't coming. I wanted more; I wanted her. I wanted to taste every inch of her.

I pulled her next to me, and we rolled our bodies to lay side by side, her breasts meeting mine. I kissed her, not so soft. Passion had taken over and all that was left was urgency and need. I tasted myself on her. I moaned. I could not wait, I was no longer nervous, I was filled with hunger. I moved first to her breasts. I took each nipple in my mouth reveling in each new sensation. The warm hardness as her nipples gave slightly to my tongue and a grazing of my teeth. The primal moans she let out caressed my ears. I did not want to rush, but I had to taste her, feel her in my mouth as she had me. Her stomach was not flat it was warm and round, the stomach of a woman. There was a small nestle of hair that felt soft against my cheek as I came to face her glorious pussy. Her lips were large and full, pulsating already with heat. I wasn't afraid, more unsure of whether or not I could give her the same pleasure she had given me. I reached my tongue out slowly and there was almost a visible spark as we connected. I licked slowly, tasting every inch of her outer lips before delving into this territory as yet unknown to me.

The taste was an aphrodisiac to me. The warm hot mixture that tasted like ripe cantaloupe and earth drew me closer to her. Her writhing and moaning giving rise to my need to please her as well as to investigate this new pleasure. I dipped my tongue into her and felt her muscles contract. My tongue already flooded with her wetness moved quickly to lap up every drop of it. My hands moved to every spot my tongue was not, to her breasts, her thighs, and finally I slid two fingers into her. She bucked under my touch, as amateur as it was. I craved for her to release, I wanted to feel the spasm that I knew so well in myself. My fingers slid gently in and out until they found a rhythm. My tongue continued lapping at her swollen clit. Her orgasm came from so deep inside her, it swelled onto my tongue and I cried out with her.

I was aching, insatiable. I climbed her body begging her with my eyes. I was like a tigress in heat. She stirred up in me an instinct so primal and animalistic I was almost frightened. Our tongues met in a crush. All the apprehension was gone. My mind was an assortment of thoughts that ran into one another like people in a panic. Nice girls didn't do things like this. Women were genteel, not like this. Women don't fuck. But fuck we did. A tangle of tongues, tits, fingers, pussies, moans and cum. 

In our passion we invoked the names of gods and goddesses from all faiths. We howled and screamed like banshees. I was her, she was me. We lay together joined at the cunt, twisting our mouths to take in as much of one another as we could.

It was dawn before we would rest. In a tangle of limbs we slept.