 Some nights when the demonic fiend that is insomnia rears its ugly head, Instead of watching T.V. or sitting mindlessly in front of the computer, I watch you sleep. It doesn't happen very often. Just like when we are awake, there are days I can't take my eyes off of you. So there I sit, in that hideous orange chair in the corner, the one you hate but will not let me throw away because I love it so much. In the summer months the widows are open letting in the breeze and the moon light. It's too hot to be covered but you can't sleep without a covering of some sort. As usual though by this time you have pushed it down so that it is just covering the curve of you hip. The soft glow of the moon caresses your shoulders and in the pale light I can almost make out the dusting of freckles that I have run my fingers over countless times. Those freckles are what almost ruin the sight, they make my fingers itch. Longing to touch you, to wake you up just to make love to you, I have to resist the urge. Instead, I pull one knee up to my chest, hugging it tight I light a cigarette and as the smoke dances in your moonlight the familiar burning of the first drag fills my chest I am almost able to still the beat of my own heart as the desire for you grows. Some nights I lose the battle with in and have to move closer. 

Slowly putting out the dark red cherry of my smoke, I quietly cross the room, and sit on the edge of the bed in the space behind your knees. It's almost too much for me, desire is pounding in my chest and the pit of my stomach is growing tight with raw need. You know that need, we both feel it. Never far from the surface, it takes but a look or slight brush and we are consumed with it, driving us into a frenzy of flesh and sweat. But for this very moment I just sit there absorbing everything I can, the breeze from the window cooling my own heated skin, the smell of lilies fresh cut from that morning, the way your nose crinkles because you are dreaming. Each and every detail, important and beautiful creating a glimpse of what my own personal heaven might be. By this time desire and love are warring in me. 

The rage of lust trying to push its way to the surface was being held down by my love for you. You who look so perfect sleeping, completely unaware that all I want to do is love you for the rest of the night and most of the morning. But the day was long for both of us, there is no reason we should both go without sleep, no matter what we could be doing instead. 

Resigning myself to go watch T.V., I get up slowly as to not wake you. Standing above you I bend over and brush the hair away from your temple, kissing you lightly. 

"Love you," I murmur, turning to go. 

As if by design you begin to stir. The thin sheet hiding your naked body from view slides further down, exposing your soft red curls as you roll on your back you look up at me with sleepy eyes. "Where are you going," you ask with a sleepy pout in your voice.

In a low whisper I reply, "Can't sleep, go back to bed." Leaning over the bed I brush your auburn hair back once more, and with soft lips I kiss your forehead, then your nose then finally those lips still slightly bruised from our love making earlier. 

Lightly pressing my lips to yours in a kiss more of tenderness then passion, I feel your lips part slightly and with a soft moan rising from your throat you tangle you fingers in my hair pushing my head deeper in to the kiss. Without breaking the kiss I kneel in the bed next to you, with a moan echoing in my own throat. Squeezing my eyes tight for a minute to clear the haze that has begun to form in my brain, I pull away to look you in the eyes.

"Baby," I whimper trying, still, to beat back the violent wave of fresh desire that just hit me like a tidal wave, " you need to sleep, WE need to sleep, but it just not happening for me right now."

Not even hearing me you frame my face with your hands pulling me back in to your kiss, forcing me to either fall on top of you or lean on my hands on either side of your shoulders. The kiss that began as innocent and chaste as one could ask for has very quickly become anything but. Sliding one knee over your leg I press it in to your center spreading your legs apart. Unable to resist I push my knee higher up just to listen to you groan against my lips. Feeling your legs spread wider I bring the other leg inside yours. Through the thin cloth of my shorts I can feel the naked heat radiating from your wet core. 

Pulling away from you kiss once more I let out a small laugh, "Is my kitten hungry again," I tease grinding my hips into you.

Throwing your head back, a full groan of want passes your lips, "Starving," you reply, untangling your legs from the sheet to wrap them around mine.

With mischief mixing with desire, I lean on one arm. Sliding my finger down the side of your throat, I feel your pulse throbbing wildly. Continuing to trail my finger down your now feverish soft skin to the curve of your breast I gently slide the pad of my thumb over your already erect nipple. Leaning my forehead against yours as I begin to caress your nipple a little harder letting the rougher skin of my hands create the friction I know you crave. "What are you hungry for?" I ask, already knowing the answer, just wanting to hear you say it. 

Brushing your lips against mine again, you push against my hips and whisper "Just you, I want you, I need you inside of me now." 

Feeling something else rise in me, the tender heat that began watching you sleep shoved aside and replaced with something darker. The need to see you crazy, begging to be fucked hard, to do whatever I wanted so that you could find release.

Pushing myself back up so that most of my weight is on the palms of my hands, I look down with a small smirk raising the edges of my lips, "Oh no, baby, you are going to have to give me a little more than that." Leaning back down I take your nipple in my mouth grazing it with my teeth, I hear you gasp as the pleasure and pain course through your body. Releasing you I speak almost directly into your breast, my voice a little harsh and demanding, "Tell me what you want." 

Looking up the line of your chest to watch your face as you try to form the words to answer me, I see you struggle to form coherent thought, tension wracking your entire body. Still unable to answer me, I slide down a little lower, my hand replacing where my knee was. Cupping you, I slide my middle finger along your slit, not entering, just swirling in the wet, slick, wispy curls that frame your center. Reaching down between us you try to push my hand deeper. Catching your wrist before your hand can get anywhere near its goal, I pin both of your hands above your head using my weight to keep them there.

"Tsk, tsk," I tease, returning my hand to play in your curls. 

It's making you crazy, pushing against my hand you whimper, "Baby.... Please". 

Lowering my mouth once more to your breast I roll your taut hard nipple with my tongue. With a smile forming around your nipple, I look up again, this time my voice a little more commanding. "Tell me what you want!" To punctuate my demand I thrust my finger into your soaking wet slit grazing your swollen clit forcefully. 

As your hips lurch up in lust and surprise, I remove my finger and release your hands. Rolling to the side I can't resist the urge to taste the bit of nectar left on my finger. With the moons glow illuminating my face and yours I look you directly in the eye, pressing my finger against my tongue, I slide it down until the tip of my finger is at the tip of my tongue, when I close my lips around it to suckle every last bit like a greedy child would with candy. Taking my now moist finger I begin to circle you nipple, enjoying the feel of the crinkled rosy, silken, skin there. 

"Baby," I purr with a smirk on my face, "baby, I can do this all night and you know it. Just tell me what you want."

Pushing my hand flat against your breast, you kneed it through my hand forcing the palm of my hand to grind against your nipple. I didn't think it possible, but I feel it tighten further. With little pants and small moans escaping from your lips, you finally look at me. "I want you to fuck me! Deep. Hard. Fast. And when I am dripping wet I want you eating me out!" Each and every word is forced out of you, your voice caught somewhere between a command and a plea.

My hand still on your breast I lean up pressing my lips to your ear, "All you had to do was ask." With a nip to your earlobe, I begin to kiss my way down your neck. Soft kisses with just my lips and tongue caressing creamy skin, working so hard to contain the throbbing of your jugular. Turning your head I bring my lips back to yours. This time it's different, kissing you hard I probe the inside of your mouth with my tongue. With a growl rumbling in your throat you grab my shoulder digging your nails in, pushing me closer. Your tongue wars with mine until I bite down on your bottom lip. With a whimper and a groan you pull back for the briefest of moments to look me in the eye. The hunger I feel must be reflecting in my eyes because in this second I think you realize baby I'm going to give you exactly what you asked for. In that brief connection you realize I'm going to fuck you. 

Too long has it been since we have done anything other than soft kisses and halfhearted orgasms. It's one of the reasons I was awake tonight. I was worried you see, worried that you were falling out of love with me. Worried that the fire that once burned white hot and bright for us was starting to die down to embers for you. But in that look, I see the hunger I feel, echoed and maybe surpassing my own, if that is possible.

In one fluid motion I roll the other way out of the bed. Standing on the side with my arms crossed I admire the view once more, your naked body flush with heat in the moonlight, your chest rising and falling in short quick pants.

With no hint of humor or a smile, I motion rolling over with my finger, "Roll over," I command.

You know where this is going so like the obedient lover you are, you roll over pushing your ass in the air. Resting on your elbows and knees you look over at me with a smile and wiggle you ass back and forth daring me do something about it.

Getting back in bed I position myself between your knees. Rising up on my knees, my own pussy wet with need, I am just the right height to press against your open dripping cunt. With the texture of my cotton shorts just rough enough to provide a little friction, you push back against me still wiggling that delicious ass back and forth, eager for release, any release at this point. 

But this is my game--my rules--and whether or not you want to admit it you know it and what's more you like it. I place my hand on your hip to steady you and drop back to sit on my feet.

"What's the rule baby," I ask massaging your ass cheek with my other hand. You are quiet and I'm not sure if you are playing along, or you have forgotten, so I ask once more "What is the rule?" this time I lean over your back and begin massaging your breast.

In a forced whisper I hear "Good girls get fucked, bad girls get teased".

With a feral smile, I lean back once more. Massaging your glorious ass again, letting my hands sink in to the firm well-formed flesh, gripping and releasing it over and over. Without warning my other hand rises up and I bring it down to the sharp sound of flesh striking flesh, leaving my hand there to rub away the hurt. 

Flinching from the pain you let out a low moan. Hearing it, I know I have you right where I want you. Still massaging your ass I reach my other hand between your legs to run one finger against your soaked lips. Without warning just to hear you scream, I thrust three fingers inside you. Holding them there as you try to push against me, begging me to give you what you want, my smile deepens. "Have you been a good girl?"

At this point I can feel you start to lose it. Lust and need have begun to wear at any and all thought process. Judging from the way you are ignoring anything other than my fingers, I pull out all the way to the tip of my middle finger. "Have you been a good girl" I ask again thrusting hard to keep your attention. 

The only answer I get is the sharp in-take of breath as the pad of my finger finds your g-spot. "Baby, you know how this works. You can only have what you want when I say so, and all it takes to get what you want is to just answer my simple question." Flexing my fingers, the work-hardened skin strokes the ridges of that spot. "I'm starting to think that you don't want to answer because you haven't been a good girl at all, and you don't want me to know. Why don't you want me to know, I wonder?" Still caressing inside you, I continue to talk to myself, giving you a small clue as to what's next. "Maybe you were hoping to not be teased and punished for being such a bad little girl"

Oh my god, at this point it has been so long since we have played like this I feel like I'm going to cum from my own lust. Just seeing you there unable to even beg for what you want is making me flooded with lust and making wearing even my simple shorts un-comfortable. Struggling to keep my voice even, I pull completely out of you and get out of bed.

You look at me eyes pleading, but you know the rules. You know if you so much as try to touch yourself, to bring just a little ease it will take even longer because I have no issue what so ever slowing down even farther.

Coming to stand over you, silhouetted in the moon light, I push down the soaked shorts, and I feel a little bit of my own juices run down my leg. Kicking them away, I stand fully erect and cross my arms. "On your back," I demand my voice as even and low as I can make it.

Rolling over you rest your hands by your head letting me know you are waiting to be told what to do. I'm enjoying the sight you make. Hair tosseled and flowing wild, lip and eyes pleading for just one thing, and your entire body racked with desire and flush with arousal. 

"Touch yourself", even as the word pass my lips your hand shoots down to your pussy, fingers curling around your swollen clit at lightning speed.

Just as quickly as I gave the first command, comes the second, "Stop," but you aren't listening. Your hand is working hard and fast.

Leaning over, I place my hand over yours and squeeze, pulling your hand away. "I said stop" Placing your hand between your ample breasts, I look you in the eyes, "just for that we will be going even slower." 

Your only response is to whimper, but you nod once, pouting a little.

Leaving your hand between your breasts I stand back up. "Now, slowly touch yourself." 

This time instead of going straight for your pussy you begin to massage your breasts pinching and pulling your nipple, little whimpers escaping your throat. With your head thrown back and eyes closed, I can see a small bead of sweat rolling down your neck, it glistening in the faint light. 

Enjoying the show, I let it go one for a moment more. "Stop," the word whisper soft, almost inaudible. I am expecting you to ignore it once again, but without the slightest hesitation your hand freezes in place. Looking up at me you wait for the command to start again. My sweet little kitten enjoys her games. 

My own smile growing, just as softly I whisper "go." 

This time you begin to circle you nipple with your fingers. Looking at me for direction, I can see the question forming it your eyes.

"Lower" I purr, enjoying the little moan of relief I hear coming from you. Slowly, because you know that how I like it, your hand caresses the valley between your breasts. Your nails lightly raking the creamy skin as your hand begin to travel down your chest, grazing your abdomen. When you get to your pussy you cup yourself and look up at me for what to do next.

The sight of you makes my mouth water. The urge to play is being forced out of my brain. The need to make you mine, to have your scent on my skin, on my lips is becoming harder and harder to resist. "Don't stop," I say in answer to your pause.

Needing no other encouragement two of your fingers slip between your lips and begin to circle your clit. Your other hand begins to pinch and pull at your nipple adding to the picture. You are so worked by this point that I know it won't take long if I let you go. 

"Stop," my own voice becoming horse with my own needs.

You just stop; you remove your hand and reach for me. "Baby," You whimper, "I want to be a good girl, I will try harder, just please, baby, please."

The dam breaks. As much as I enjoy the games we play, I could never resist you. Practically diving back in to bed I land on top of you. I have no words, no more games, no more teasing, I want you. I kiss you deep one hand wound in your hair pushing you deeper in to the kiss. Your own hands begin to rake up my back; the bite and sting of your nails just adds fuel to the fire.

Kissing your lips doesn't keep my attention for long and I began to kiss down the length of your body again. Stopping at each beautiful breast I take the nipple in my mouth, suckling deep, but even those wondrous orbs don't hold me for long. I have one thing and only one thing I want. I return to kissing lower. Little bites and licks create a trail of saliva down your body.

I begin to kiss below your navel and I hear you gasp as I plant the first kiss in the wispy curls at your center. Swirling my tongue around I lap up some of the juices that have escaped your lips and wet your curls. I have yet to taste the inside of those lips, licking and lapping the edges again teasing you. I work closer and closer to where you want my tongue to go. 

With a harsh moan being dragged from your lips, you wind your fingers in to my hair, grabbing a fist full of my short locks, pushing my face deeper in to you soaking wet cunt. Smiling hard I give in to your lust filled demands. With my thumb and first finger I spread you wide, my senses being assaulted by the heady aroma that is you. I take a moment to let the scent envelope me, before I flatten my tongue and lap you from the base of your opening to the tip of your lips. 

When my tongue hit your clit your hips rise off the bed. Using the opportunity I hook my arms under your highs pinning you so that I can eat you out without having to chase your pussy around as you wiggle and thrust when I hit all the good spots. 

Alternating between short little licks that focus on your clit and long laving strokes that let my tongue slip inside of you, I am trying to avoid causing you to orgasm to early; I want to enjoy eating you for a little longer before you cum all over my face. I tease and tickle you pussy for a moment longer when I feel you other hand joining the first in my hair, holding tight. You are behind ready to cum. Moving from the teasing I suckle you clit between my lips. Holding it gently between my teeth I lick lit lightly, little flicks to coax your orgasm out. Unhooking my arm from under your thigh I slide my hand up your thigh, right in to your waiting slit letting two fingers slide in and out matching the rhythm of the licks and sucks on you clit. 

I can feel your internal muscle grabbing my fingers, squeezing so hard. You are so close, I know just what to do to send you over the edge. With my mouth still on your clit, I turn my hand curling my finger to find your g-spot. Letting the rough wetness of my fingers find the ridged spot inside you I begin to finger fuck you again; each stoke rubbing that spot. Without warning your back arches and your muscles grab hold of my fingers as my face is awash with cum. Pulling away to look up at you I don't stop stroking you, riding through the wave, working to build the next behind it. 

Head thrown back once again, you can no longer speak, just long hard moans as the orgasm rides your body. Releasing my hair you grab the bed sheet, your body beginning to wind back down. That wasn't the hardest orgasm you have ever had but it will do for a first one. As if with their own mind your hips begin to match the rhythm my fingers are still playing out inside you. As I thrust inside of you, you push down trying so hard to take me as deep as you can. Already I can feel the next orgasm starting. The first must have been hard then I thought with the second coming the close behind it. Still watching you face, I change the rhythm and add a finger to your already tight but slick pussy. The added girth takes you closer but just not there. With the thumb of the same hand I begin to rub your clit, rubbing that little button back and forth and side to side anything to help my baby cum. Just as the first was without warning this one took its time to get here and was not nearly as powerful as the first. Maybe you are more tired than we both thought.
