 I wanted to kiss every inch of Sydney's naked body, but there was a minor problem. It's quite obvious you cannot kiss the back of a body that is tied spread eagle on a bed. Since the totality of her body was not accessible, unless I released her from her bonds, which was not going to happen, I decided to concentrate on the most important parts. So, for the next half hour or more (who keeps track of time when you're having fun), I kissed and licked her mouth, tits (and attached appendages, AKA nipples) and pussy, focusing on the latter.

When a woman is tied down, flat on a bed, it is difficult to properly eat her pussy from top to bottom, so I made the best of it concentrating on her clitoris and the area around it. I circled her hard bud with my tongue a few times then would kiss and suck it. By the third time I sucked on it she was shouting obscenities and ordering me to make her cum.

I decided a diversion was necessary. I started kissing down the inside of her leg until I reached her foot. By then she was shouting about how she couldn't believe that I was letting her hang like that. I placed several kisses on the sole of her foot then ran my tongue around and between each toe. I was surprised by her reaction when I started sucking each toe individually. I sucked them as if they were miniature cocks. "Damn, Raegan, I can't believe how fucking sensual that is." I repeated my 'cock sucking' on the toes of her other foot then kissed up the inside of that leg until I was, again, making love to her pussy. I brought her to a peak a fourth time and stopped. I could feel the muscles of her legs pulling inwards in an attempt to make something, anything, happen, to no avail.

"Come on, you really are being a bitch, Raegan. Quit teasing. I really need to cum. Please! I'm begging you. Why are you doing this to me. I thought we were friends and lovers."

"Patience, my dear. Patience."

"You can shove your patience up your ass, Raegan. I need to cum. You're going to pay for this."

Instead of yielding to her demands, I slipped off the bed and, standing at the post. released the rope attached to her left leg. I then raised her leg to a vertical position and tied the end of the rope to the carabiner attached to her left wrist cuff. My intent was to pull her legs back until her feet were as close to her wrists as possible. I felt that pulling one leg back in one fell swoop, while her other leg was still stretched out straight, could be very uncomfortable if not painful. So, I moved to the other side of the bed, released the rope at that post and raised her right leg, pulling it about a foot past vertical. 

I moved from one side of the bed to the other two more times, pulling her legs towards her hands until they, and the rest of her body were exactly the way I wanted. Her feet nearly touching her wrists and her shoulder blades were the only part of her back still on the bed. The most important position was that of her torso. It was angled slightly towards her head so she could see her pussy. 

"Are you uncomfortable, Sydney dear?" I asked.

"Don't you fucking 'dear' me, bitch. No, I'm not uncomfortable. Why the hell would I be? I haven't had this fucking much fun in years. In fact, I'm having so much fucking fun, I must be in Disneyland." Her comments were facetious, but she had a wide grin on her face. 

"Well, babe, your fun has just begun," I said. I thought about two options. I could build her up several times, but not let her climax, or I could make her climax multiple times. I chose the latter. I climbed onto the bed again and shoved a pillow against her back, reached around her to grab her tits and, at the same time, shoved my tongue into her pussy. 

"Oh, fuck," she screamed. I licked for a minute then moved one hand up over her abdomen and onto her clit. Simultaneously, I took a firm grip on her nipple with my other hand, pulled it up to stretch her breast as much of possible, started to massage her clit and fucked her with my tongue. 

"Oh, fucking shit, girl. What are you doing to me???" she yelled. Seconds later she started to climax. I pulled back when her body started to shake violently, hoping she didn't get a cramp in her legs because of the way I had bound her. I had tied her ankle ropes in bows just in case I needed to release her quickly.

When the shaking started to subside, Sydney opened her eyes, looked up at me and said, "For god's sake, Raegan, you have to release me now."

"Oh, no. Absolutely not. Even though your rules said otherwise, you keep threatening me with payback, so I am going to make sure it is worth my while." 

Then I wanted to try something that I had read about. Something that, to me, seemed impossible. But her vulva was in a perfect position, and I could see that it was well lubricated. My only concern was about the way I had her bound. I wondered if it might have narrowed her vagina. Regardless, I knew I had to try. 

I started fucking her with my index finger. Remember, her torso was in a vertical position. Her pussy was looking at the ceiling. I was thrusting my finger straight down and pulling it back out. I added a second finger, getting it wet with her viscous fluid then added a third finger. My fingers drew more of her female liquor out with each thrust. My three fingers had been side by side. I added my fourth finger, creating a rough circle and easily pushed down to the first joint. Sydney hadn't reacted until I had added that fourth digit. "Oh, damn! Oh, god! Oh, fuck, girl! It's big. So tight." I could feel her internal muscles gripping my fingers, but I wasn't finished. I pulled out an inch at a time and pushed back in, feeling her open a little more with each thrust. 

If you hold your middle and ring finger together then touch your other two fingers together under them, you will notice a gap just above your palm. I slipped my thumb into that gap. The tightness of her vagina increased. Well, in actuality, the tightness in her vagina didn't increase, the diameter of my hand increased slightly. I had to decrease the depth of each thrust to a fraction of an inch, as my fingers passed the middle knuckles, but I felt her muscles yielding ever so slightly. Her eyes were wide open, and she could see how far my hand was in her. Her moans, groans and smile increased as the depth of my hand reached the first and largest knuckles and last hurdle. I no longer pulled and pushed, changing to a steady downward pressure adding a slight continuous twist to the left and right.

Suddenly, the muscle at the entrance of her vagina, sometimes referred to as a vaginal sphincter, yielded to the pressure and my hand slipped through. I curled my fingers and continued to push until my fist was buried up to my wrist. Sydney's eyes widened. "Holy shit. I can't believe your whole fucking hand in inside me. I feel stuffed. Damn, I am stuffed."

Then she started flexing her vaginal muscles, tightening and loosening them around my fist. The sensation was beyond words. "Goddamn, Sydney, that is so hot!"

"Not as hot as you having your whole fist inside of me," she retorted. Then, "I'm going to cum again!" she screamed. I quickly gathered some of her sexual honey on the index and middle finger of my free hand and started rubbing her clit. That was enough to send her over. I watched the ropes binding her arms and legs tighten until it appeared as though they might break. Her scream penetrated the room. I just hoped the neighbors didn't hear her and call the police.

I slowly pulled my fist out of her. It was shiny with her wetness. I licked every square inch while she watched.

Because of her bound position, her ass was facing the ceiling and her butt cheeks were spread wide. That gave me a close view of her sphincter. I had never looked at the asshole of another person before. It reminded me of the aperture of a camera or a small flower waiting to unfurl. 

Anal play had never, ever entered my sexual thoughts or desires. In fact, it would have been incomprehensible to me. I knew that if Sydney, or anyone else for that matter, had suggested playing with my ass, I would have been infuriated. I assumed she would also feel the same. One simply avoided touching their ass or the ass of someone else. Somehow this was different. The more I looked at her upturned butt, the more mesmerized I became. The idea of anal play wasn't so repugnant anymore. I knew I would have to experience it at least once. 

I dipped my index finger into her vagina and surprised her by wiping the wet digit over her sphincter and then rubbed the muscle in small circles. I was energized by the loud, sensuous groan that came from her throat. I wet my finger in her hole a second time and pressed it against the tight muscle until it yielded to the pressure allowing me to push it in to the first joint. "Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, girl, you can't be doing that," she shrieked. "It feels so good."

I was already turned on, but her comment caused me to yield to my most basal desires. I suddenly wanted to touch, to learn, to explore. I removed my finger, lowered my head and licked her anal flower. Then I kissed it. I put my arms around her abdomen and hugged her. And I kissed her rosebud again. Sydney's response was even more vocal, "Oh, my god! Oh, my god, Reagan! No one has ever kissed me there. It's so sensitive." Emboldened even more, I did the unthinkable. Without removing my lips from her ass, I curled my tongue, pushed it through my lips into the tightened muscle and started a fucking motion: in and out, in and out. I was able to see her face over her pussy. Her eyes were shut, her breathing accelerated, and her head was moving side to side as I continued to thrust my tongue into her most private hole. I moved my hands from her abdomen to her breasts again, squeezed them a few times then pinched her nipples. Loud moans came from her throat then, "Oh, god, yes! That feels so good. Please don't stop." It was at that instant that I realized licking and fucking her ass with my tongue wasn't about sex anymore. It was an expression of my love for her. I also knew that, to admit my love to her, this early in our relationship, might scare her off.

Again, I released a nipple and moved the hand to her clit. It only took a few strokes to push her to another violent climax. 

This time, while she was coming off the mountain of her climax, I quickly removed the ropes attached to her arms and legs from carabiners clipped to her wrist collars. I had tied the ropes in bows for quick release in case of emergency. 

Sydney had been bound in that one position so long, and had climaxed hard so many times, I thought she would need time for her muscles to stretch and bounce back but before I even realized she was moving, she grabbed me, pushed me down on the bed, jumped on top of me, and started the most passionate kisses I ever received. She kissed my eyelids, my nose, my cheeks and finally my lips. She thrust her tongue roughly into my mouth. My tongue met and danced with hers. It was amazing. I didn't want her to stop, but she did, but only long enough to kiss my neck in that sensitive spot where it met my collarbone. She didn't stop at kissing me there. She sucked my flesh. She sucked hard and even bit me with her teeth. I knew she was going to leave a hickey. Then she kissed that spot again. I had been her Dom for the night, and while she was still mine, with that kiss she claimed me as her own. After only one week together, I was exclusively hers and she was mine. What more could one ask for. Maybe she felt the same way I felt.

Sydney rolled off me onto her back, searched for my hand, intertwined our fingers and squeezed. Staring at the ceiling she said, "You bitch, Raegan. I thought you were a novice. That was the most amazing experience and the biggest climaxes I have ever had. Where did you learn all that?"

"This was my first foray into bondage, Sydney dear. I told you I learn by experimenting."

"Damn, if I let you experiment any more on me, you'll probably kill me."

I squeezed her hand again. Silence invaded the room and we both fell asleep, side by side. I'm not sure about Sydney, but I know I fell asleep with a happy smile on my face.

I normally do not use an alarm on weekends, since I do not have classes or work. Nevertheless, I am usually up by seven out of habit. This Saturday, however, I had my own personal, silent alarm. I was awakened by a pair of lips sucking my nipple and a hand between my legs massaging my clit. When Sydney felt me responding, she said, "Come on, bitch, it's time to get that beautiful ass out of bed so we can run." 

I looked over at the clock. "You've got to be kidding, slut. It's not even six o'clock."

I had decided to call Sydney a slut as repayment for calling me a bitch. While both words are derogatory, we were both using them in an affectionate manner and would not consider using them within hearing of another person. Truthfully, I enjoyed having her call me a bitch and knew she would enjoy me calling her a slut. "You can go run by yourself. I decided I am sleeping in this morning." I pulled my pillow over my head to shut out the light. 

"Nothing doing, Raegan. The sun's already up. The roosters have crowed, and I am going to make sure you aren't in any shape to sleep." Since my head was covered, I had no idea what she meant until she pushed my legs apart and drove her tongue into my pussy.

"Damn, Sydney. That's an unfair, evil, and wicked way to coerce me into getting up." My action was inconsistent to my cries. I spread my legs to give her better access, pulled my knees up, crossed my ankles over her back and moaned. She was right. By the time she finished with her pre-breakfast, liquid meal and brought me to a wonderful climax, I had no desire to go back to sleep. I probably wouldn't have anyhow because once I awaken in the morning, no matter the time, I am ready to go meet the world. There was no reason for her to know that fact.

As we started dressing for our run, Sydney suggested, "Rae, the look of our sports bras isn't any different than some of the halters we see women wearing around campus, and they really don't look like bras. In fact, in many cases, our bras cover more than the tops that some of the women wear. Let's not wear a t-shirt or any other cover up while we run. I think we will be much cooler." I looked at her for a moment and realized she was correct. There was absolutely no reason that we had to wear a cover-up. Our sports bras were very fashionable. From that day forward, we ran with abdomens bared. Not one single person complained, and we loved it.

Finished with our slow pace, five-mile run, really a jog, we showered together. I don't think I will ever get over the highly sensual feeling of pressing my wet, slippery body against the wet, slippery body of another woman, whether I am pressing against her front or her back. Our daily showers now included some kissing and petting. At one point, Sydney touched my neck with two fingers. "Damn, Rae, that is one hell of a hickey. I left some nice teeth marks but didn't mean to bite you that hard. It's also going to be difficult to hide." I smiled. Maybe I won't want to hide it.

"Hickeys are usually spontaneous, Syd. Are you saying me that you meant to give me a hickey?"

"Well," she said, blushing, "I did want to mark you. I meant to suck hard enough to give you the hickey but didn't really mean to bite." I think she was shocked when I kissed her and said, 

"Thanks."

It was my turn to prepare breakfast. Eggs, over easy, English muffins and coffee. At one point over the past week, I thought about suggesting we wear panties, but rejected that idea. Sydney's naked body was absolutely beautiful, and I didn't want to cover any part of it while we were in the house.

Our conversation over breakfast was rather mundane. Mostly about classes and the status of the world, and less about us, except when we were nearly finished eating, I changed the subject. 

"Sydney, I need to know if you were afraid of what I might do last night."

"Oh, Raegan. I don't think afraid is the word I would use. I was a little apprehensive when you continued to display that knife. I couldn't believe its size when you pulled it out of your backpack. And then, when you started cutting my clothes off with it... Holy fuck! Double that when you slit the crotch of the thong and cut it completely off. I have to be honest, that did turn me on, and I almost had a kitten when you touched my clit with that knife. I really did trust you enough that I was sure you wouldn't do something to permanently injure me." Then she laughed. "One crazy thought did go through my mind, though." When I asked what that was, she replied, "I wondered if you intended to carve your initials on me." 

"Hmmm, that sounds like an idea for the next time."

She slapped my shoulder. "And just what makes you think there will be a next time, bitch."

"Because you're such a slut and you obviously enjoyed it," was my retort.

Sydney reached over and touched my breast. "Raegan, dear, I know I said this before, but when you agreed to continue your routine of being naked while in your house and asked me to do the same, I wasn't sure I would be comfortable remaining naked all the time. I now have to admit that I have enjoyed every moment being with you this way. Of course, there is the convenience of being able to touch your body like this any time I want. And I also love the way your nipples harden when I touch you." Then she tweaked my nipple just for emphasis. God, I loved the 

attention. 

I raised my hand, caressed her cheek and said, "And I absolutely love having you touch me whenever you want. And I love touching you, too." I leaned over and gave her a sweet kiss. "If I touch your breast right now, though, I might not stop there. Since I do have a couple more hours of studying to finish, you too, had better stop right now, my dear."

"Yea, I guess I better work on my painting, too. Someone interrupted me yesterday when she sent me a text message ordering me to the library. I think I might have finished it without that interruption."

"Are you seriously complaining that I took you away from your painting."

"Hell no. The interruption was worth the delay. I loved every single minute. I do have a special request for when we finish studying though."

"Ok. Hit me."

Sydney punched my shoulder. "Fuck, Syd, I didn't mean that literally." We both laughed of course.

"Next week my art class will be doing colored pencil drawings using a live model," Sydney started, but I immediately interrupted.

"And you want ME to be the live model? No way!" I exclaimed.

She started laughing. "No, no, Rae. That would be fantastic, but I wouldn't ask you to do that. My professor gave us the option of finding our own private model. I want to do a drawing of us. I would like to take some photos of us together and then select one to use for my drawing."

"I like the idea of you doing one of us. Who will see it?"

"The whole class, at a minimum. It's possible it could be part of an exhibit in the student union or library."

"I don't feel comfortable having anyone except you seeing me naked, even if it is only in a drawing."

"I have three basic poses in mind Rae. I can easily add masks to disguise our faces if you want after you see the finished drawing. Or I can even change our facial characteristics so no one will recognize us. If I do that, however, I will also do another for our eyes only."

"I would love to pose with you. Syd. There is only one glitch. I figured we would be finished with any classwork by one, so I made an appointment for us at one thirty. I hope you can hold off on the photography session until after we return."

"Of course I can. We will have the rest of the day. And what might this appointment be for, Raegan?"
