 "Yeah sure Mum, that's fine...okay I'll see you tomorrow, bye."

Putting her mobile down on the coffee table, Lynda picked up the remote and flicked through the channels in the hope of finding something worth watching. After around five minutes, she gave up and decided to start getting ready early. Lynda had been on about five dates with Phil and while he seemed like a nice enough sort of bloke, she wasn't really sure if he was right for her, he was a little on the boring side and perhaps a little too nice for her taste. At almost forty years old, she had still not managed to find Mr. Right, her longest relationship had only lasted around two years and that was over a decade ago. Her friends were always teasing her for being too picky but it wasn't really that, it was simply that she couldn't find anyone who had that spark, that something that made them different, 'the one'.

Getting up, she made her way into the bedroom. She was about to draw the curtains when she noticed a light on in the flat opposite; the curtains were drawn but she could see silhouettes moving across them. Flat 89 had been empty for as long as Lynda could remember and she had lived in the block for almost three years so she was quite surprised to see a light on.

"Hmm, looks like I'm getting a neighbour at last," she shrugged, drawing her curtains and starting to get undressed. For a woman of her age, she had a trim, athletic figure, a result of visiting the gym at least three times a week. Her vibrant blue eyes and blonde hair, cut in a page boy style, gave her something of a confident, domineering appearance, although that wasn't really in her nature.

Lynda sighed as she thought about how to let Phil down gently. She knew it wasn't going to be nice, but there was no point in carrying on the relationship, it just didn't seem to be going anywhere. Grabbing a towel, she stepped into the bathroom and turned on the shower.

*************

A few hours later she returned home. Stepping into the lift, Lynda pressed the button for the top floor and leant against the wall. As it turned out, the evening hadn't turned out that bad. After meeting up with Phil and calling time on their relationship (which he had took a lot better than Lynda had expected, or had liked if she was honest) she bumped into a few of her work mates and decided to have a 'couple' of drinks. Eleven Bacardi and Cokes later she had bundled herself into a taxi back home which was why she was now propping herself up against the lift wall barely able to keep her eyes open. Arriving at her floor, the doors opened and she wobbled out towards her front door and fished around in her handbag for her keys.

"Where the fuck are they?" she hissed. Eventually Lynda found them. Falling through the front door, she closed it behind her, threw her handbag on the sofa and staggered into the bedroom flopping face down on the bed. And then it started.

"Uuuhhh...fuck no...you've gotta be joking," she groaned, feeling the room starting to spin. As the watery sensation rushed into her mouth, she just managed to reach the bathroom as an arc of vomit exploded from her mouth, quickly followed by further three.

"Ohhh God!" she gasped, gripping the lavatory pan and spitting the remnants into the water. Eventually she felt well enough to stand. Rinsing her mouth under the cold tap on the wash basin, she shuffled back into bedroom and flicked on the bedside lamp. Although throwing up had made her feel much better Lynda still felt a little groggy so she decided to open the window and let in a little fresh air. Drawing back the curtain she was just about to reach for the handle when a movement in the window opposite caught her eye.

"What the hell?".......

The curtains had now been drawn back and standing there in the dim light in the middle of the room was a girl in just a black bra and thong. Lynda guessed she was probably around early to mid twenties with thick dark curly hair that cascaded down her back. Her figure was voluptuous with thick chunky thighs, a curvy bum and large boobs, barely contained within the bra. Peeping from round the edge of the window, Lynda watched on intrigued as the girl performed a series of lunges and stretching exercises, pausing briefly just to remove the bra, her pendulous breasts now swinging freely as she resumed her exercises.

"Jesus Christ," Lynda whispered to herself, swallowing hard. For some strange reason she just couldn't take her eyes off this girl, but couldn't understand why. After all, it wasn't as if she hadn't seen a half naked woman before, she saw them all the time at the gym in her never ending quest to keep in shape, so what was so special about this one?

After about ten minutes, the girl finished her routine; wiping her brow, she stepped over to the bed and lay down, smoothing her hands over her breasts and down her thighs. Because of the position of the bed in the room, Lynda had to move round a little so she could still see what the girl was doing. 

"Oh my God!"

Open mouthed, she looked on as the dark haired beauty slipped her right hand inside her thong and gently rubbed as she twisted her nipples with her left. Watching her masturbate, Lynda could feel a strange sensation building in her stomach and making its way down between her legs. Unable to resist any longer, she unbuttoned her trousers and slipped her hand inside her underwear, the soft lips already wet.

"Oh God...yes!" she gasped, rubbing her swollen clit as she watched the object of her desire thrashing round on her bed as she neared orgasm. Seconds later, the girl arched her back, shaking her head as climax tore through her curvaceous body. When she finally settled, she lazily threw out an arm and the room went black.

"Oh no!" Lynda groaned despairingly, the beautiful vision snatched away from her at exactly the wrong moment. Quickly kicking off her shoes, she pulled off her trousers and panties and threw herself on to the bed, closing her eyes trying to conjure up the images in her mind. Plunging her fingers deep into her soaked pussy, she moaned wantonly as she visualised her voluptuous new neighbour on her bed writhing in ecstasy. As the waves began to build within her, Lynda buried her face in the pillow, her body tensing as the inevitable edged ever closer.

"Ohhhh....oh God...yes!"

Slamming her hand into the bed, she gasped as the climax broke over her, the waves rippling through her making her head swim. As her body gradually relaxed, she gave a contented groan and gently drifted off to sleep.......

 **************

A few hours later, she was somewhat jarringly awoken by the piercing shrill of her doorbell being repeatedly rung.

"Lynda.......Lynda.....are you in there?" a female voice yelled, followed by a rather forceful knock on the door.

"Oh shit...Mum," Lynda groaned, remembering her mother was coming round today. Suddenly realising she was naked from the waist down, she quickly grabbed her trousers.

"Hold on Mum...just a minute."

With her head pounding, she opened the door to find her mother standing there with a disapproving look on her face.

"Good night then, was it?" she asked sarkily, tutting and stepping past her daughter.

"Yes thank you, why don't you come in Mum?" Lynda muttered under her breath as she closed the door. Making her way into kitchen, she switched on the kettle and rooted around in the cupboard for some painkillers.

"I take it you've got hangover then?" her Mum yelled from the sitting room.

"Mmm, a bit."

"And you can tell you've slept all night in those clothes."

"Alright, I'll go for a shower in a bit," Lynda replied irritably, rolling her eyes. Making two cups of coffee, she brought them into the sitting room, placed them on the coffee table and sat down next to her mother.

"Well, what were you up to last night then? As if I need to ask."

"I met up with Phil and then went for a few drinks with some friends."

"A few?" her Mum replied, raising her eyebrows.

"Yes a few, bloody hell Mum!"

"At least you're still seeing Phil. How's that going?"

"Erm...I ended it with him last night."

"Oh for God sake Lynda, why?"

"It just wasn't going anywhere. It didn't feel right."

"I don't know," her Mum tutted, taking a sip of her coffee, "thirty nine years old and still not settled down. I was hoping for some Grandchildren one day, some bloody hope."

"There's more to life than just settling down and having kids Mum."

"Hmm, there's more to life than getting pissed all the time as well."

"I don't get pissed all the time!" Lynda replied indignantly.

"Well you've certainly been doing it a lot recently; I mean, look at the state of you, falling asleep in your clothes."

"Yes, alright Mum," Lynda sighed, rolling her eyes, "I'll go and get changed."

 After having a shower and getting changed (and listening to her Mum complaining for a further hour) Lynda was ready to head into town. As they stepped out of the front door, Lynda's new neighbour came out of the lift. As she approached them, Lynda felt the same sensation in her stomach she had felt last night.

"Hello, you must be my new neighbour," she said nervously, holding out her hand, "my name's Lynda."

"Verity," the girl replied, shaking it, "yes I moved in a couple days ago."

"Verity...wow, that's...different."

"Hmm yes, I've got my mother to thank for that, she's a little erm, shall we say...bohemian," she smiled.

As they stood chatting, Lynda could feel her stomach turning somersaults. Viewed through window last night Verity had looked attractive, but face to face she was absolutely stunning, her beautiful ivory skin, big soft brown eyes and warm smile. Dressed in a leather jacket and pair of tight jeans that showed off her chunky thighs and curvaceous hips to their utmost, Lynda tried desperately to maintain eye contact with her new neighbour but she couldn't help briefly glancing downwards at Verity's figure. With her heart now pounding, she decided to end the conversation before it became too obvious.

"Well we'd better get going, come on Mum," Lynda smiled awkwardly, feeling her face going red.

"Yes I'd better get on too. Nice to have met you, pop round for a coffee sometime if you like," Verity offered as she put the key in her front door, "I don't really know anyone round here."

"Yeah sure, that'd be nice, bye."

"See ya."

"She seems nice," Lynda's Mum chirped as they headed for the lift.

"Hmm, yes," her daughter smiled, her mind drifting back to what she had witnessed the night before....

 ********************

 A few days had passed. Lynda hadn't seen anything more of Verity since that first meeting, either outside the flat or in her bedroom. She had knocked on the door a couple of days earlier but didn't get an answer. After spending the evening round at one of her friends, she arrived back at almost midnight.

"Hmm, just one more," she sighed, taking a bottle of wine from the fridge and pouring herself a glass. Flopping down on the sofa, she took a sip and picked up the book she had been trying to finish for weeks now. Managing to get through two more chapters as she finished the glass of wine, she decided to go bed.

"Sod it," Lynda yawned, closing the book.

Stepping into the bedroom, she was about to switch on the light when she noticed a dim glow coming from Verity's bedroom window.

"Oh God, please be there," she whispered to herself, sneaking over to her window and peeking round the edge of the curtains. The room was empty, but she decided to wait a little while just in case. After about five minutes, she guessed she must have just left the bedside lamp on by accident.

"Hmm, she must be out," she shrugged, giving a disheartened sigh.

She was about to draw the curtains when Verity appeared, dressed in long black nightgown. Feeling a sudden jolt in her stomach, Lynda watched gobsmacked as the voluptuous girl shrugged off the silky garment to reveal she was completely naked beneath.

"Oh my God!" Lynda gasped as her gaze fell upon the beautiful vision before her, bathed in the half-light of the bedside lamp.

Her eyes were instantly drawn to the neatly trimmed dark triangle of hair between Verity's thick, ivory thighs; the more she looked, the more she could feel her clit tingling. Standing motionless for a moment with her hands by her sides and her eyes closed, Verity then began her 'routine' of lunges and stretches. For a girl of her physique, she was remarkably supple, being able to contort her body into positions which made Lynda wince, finishing off her routine with the splits. 

"That's incredible," the older woman whispered, slipping her hand under the waistband of her jeans.

Getting up off the floor, Verity then lay down on her bed and took something out of the bedside draw. At first, Lynda couldn't make out what it was, but it soon became very apparent as the voluptuous brunette lay back on the bed and held the object between her legs.

"Oh God Verity yes!" Lynda gasped, slipping her fingers inside her thong and rubbing her aching clit as she watched Verity writhing round on the bed pushing herself towards orgasm. Sinking her fingers deep into her dripping snatch she gripped the window sill as she felt her knees weakening, the sight of Verity arching her back in ecstasy sending her over the edge.

"Verity!...ohhhh fffuuck!" she screamed, falling back on to the bed as the climax racked her body, making her groan and claw at the bedclothes. After lying there for a few minutes she got up and looked across at Verity's window; the room was now in darkness.

"Goodnight beautiful," Lynda whispered, smiling to herself. Getting undressed, she slipped into bed and tried to get some sleep......

*************

Over the next two weeks Lynda watched Verity's routine a further three times; the pair still hadn't spoke to each other since that first meeting, Lynda couldn't seem to pluck up the courage to knock on Verity's door again. She was a little worried that she was becoming obsessed with her beautiful neighbour and that if she struck up a friendship with her it would just make things worse. On reflection, she had decided just to admire her neighbour from afar rather than complicate things further. That was until one Tuesday evening...

 Returning home from work, Lynda was just about to step into the lift when a voice called out behind her.

"Lynda, wait!"

Turning round, she found Verity running towards her.

'Oh God', she thought, feeling her stomach churn. Holding the lift door, she smiled nervously as the brunette approached.

"Hello."

"Hiya; you just finished work?"

"Erm, yeah," Lynda replied, feeling her face reddening.

"Me too."

"Oh right, what do you do?"

"I'm a physiotherapist at the health centre, you know the one on Heath Street," Verity replied as they stepped into the lift.

"Oh yes, I know the one."

"Where do you work?" 

"Oh I just work in the planning department in the council offices. Not very exciting I'm afraid," said Lynda, smiling and looking down at the floor.

"Oh, right."

Arriving at their floor, the pair stepped out of the lift and made their way down the corridor.

"Tell you what, I've got some wine in the fridge, do you fancy coming in for a glass?" Verity asked, smiling warmly at her neighbour as she turned her key in the front door.

Before she could stop herself, Lynda blurted out her reply.

"Erm...yeah sure, why not?" she smiled, her heart pounding.

"Great, come in."

Stepping inside, Lynda hung up her jacket in the hallway and followed Verity into the sitting room.

"Take a seat," she smiled as she went into the kitchen to fetch the wine and two glasses. Looking around the room, Lynda was intrigued by the decor. The walls were painted a deep soft shade of red; strange artwork with what looked like Chinese writing adorned them. Dotted around the room on shelves were figurines of nude women in yoga poses; somehow the whole ambience of the place made her feel strangely relaxed despite the butterflies still rising in her stomach.

"There you go," Verity chirped, handing her a large glass.

"Cheers. So where are you originally from?" asked Lynda, taking a sip.

"Oxford."

"Oh; that's a nice part of the world, I've always wanted to visit there one day."

"Hmm, it's okay I suppose," Verity shrugged, "I always found it a bit boring to be honest."

"Well I don't think you'll find Harperton any more exciting," giggled Lynda, taking a large gulp from her glass.

"Perhaps not, but I just thought it was time I struck out on my own, it's took me till I'm 25."

"Well that's not bad, I didn't have my own place at 25."

"My Mum stumped up some of the cash. She works in the city for one of the big banks," the brunette smiled, blushing a little.

"Oh...Oh well, that's what Mums are for isn't it?" Lynda smirked, finishing her drink.

"Hmm, I suppose," replied Verity, topping up her guest's glass.

As they chatted and made their way through a second bottle, the pair began to feel more and more relaxed in each other's company. Throughout the evening, Verity noticed that Lynda would occasionally wince or shift uncomfortably in her seat. With her curiosity getting the better of her, she decided to investigate.

"Are you okay Lynda?"

"Erm...yeah I'm fine," the blonde replied nervously, convinced Verity could sense her attraction to her.

"Are you sure?"

As her heart began pounding, she quickly scrabbled round in her mind for an answer.

"Erm...well it's probably nothing, but I keep getting this sharp pain in my right shoulder. I haven't been able to go the gym for about two weeks."

"Oh right," Verity smiled, "Sounds like a trapped nerve to me. Would you like me to take a look at it?"

'Oh shit,' thought Lynda, swallowing hard as her host smiled at her. Knowing it would probably seem impolite to refuse, she accepted.

"Erm...yeah, okay."

"Good, just slip your blouse off and I'll give it a gentle massage."

Taking a deep breath, Lynda slowly unbuttoned her pink blouse and slipped it off, revealing a white lacy bra. Sitting down in the armchair, she smiled anxiously at the brunette.

"Relax, don't be nervous," Verity smiled warmly as she rubbed her hands together. Standing behind her guest, she then placed them on her shoulders gently massaged them.

"How does that feel?" the voluptuous girl asked softly.

"Erm...yes...nice," Lynda replied, her voice faltering as the touch of Verity's hands sent shockwaves through her.

"Gosh, you're pretty tense," Verity whispered, squeezing a little harder. Closing her eyes, Lynda tried in vain to suppress a moan of arousal escaping her lips.

"Are you alright Lynda?"

"Yes...yes," the blonde groaned as her breathing became heavier.

"Okay."

Looking down and smiling to herself, Verity could clearly see Lynda's erect nipples through the lacy mesh of the bra. Sensing the time was right, she decided to make her move.

"Lynda, I think I'd probably be able to do a better job if you were lying down. Should we go to my room?"

Without replying, Lynda nodded and stood up.

"Come on," Verity whispered, smiling as she led her neighbour into the bedroom.

At this point Lynda's senses were reeling, her whole body ached so much with desire for this girl, she would do anything she suggested. Stepping into the room, Verity led her to the foot of the bed and then stood behind her.

"Take off your bra," Verity purred, softly kissing the back of Lynda's neck.

"Oh....Oh God!" she gasped as the bra slipped away and instantly replaced by Verity's warm hands, gently squeezing her breasts and twisting the stiff nipples.

"Verity.....ohhhh fffuck...yes!"

"Shhhh...relax."

Moving her right hand down Lynda's belly, she unbuttoned her trousers and slowly pulled the zip down, smiling to herself as her hand rubbed the soaked thong beneath.
