 I don't know what drew me to her. It was just this overwhelming attraction to her that exploded inside me. It could have been the clashing of her tan caramel skin with her light blonde hair. The fact that she left her eyebrows with their natural dark brown coloring, added more beauty to her unforgiving looks. Her body was a magnificent road with curves in all the right places. All I knew is that I wanted her, but I am a woman and she may be into men. 

It was closing time and she was the only person left, I stood at the door waiting for her to leave so I could go to bed and see her again tomorrow. She stood up, walked towards the door and stood face to face with me. So close that I could smell the sweet minty flavor of the gum she had just thrown out. I paused in my tracks with my hand on the doorknob, not knowing what was coming next. She looked up at me with shy eyes that had a burning fire behind them and bit her lip in a flirty way. I dropped my bag, grabbed her head and pulled it towards me. Her red lipstick lips touched mine with a jolt of electricity. Her lips were soft and she put her tongue into my mouth. I couldn't help myself anymore, I put my hands on her big ass and picked her up. She wrapped her smooth legs around my waist as I push her body against the door frame. She put her arms around my neck and kissed me frantically. I ran my hands through her hair as our tongues fought the battle of desire. She pulled away from me with a slight nod and whispered... I want you. 

I excitedly started kissing her again and our saliva became one. I pull away and start nuzzling her neck. Tiny goose bumps started forming on her smooth tan skin. I kissed her neck and pulled up her midriff baring shirt. The hard nipples on her perky b cup chest grazed the shirt as I pulled it off. I grabbed her soft natural breast and licked her nipple. She tasted sweet and her nipples were like butterscotch kisses.I looked up at her and carried her to a near by desk. I put my right arm around the arch of her back and held her close. She moaned as my wet tongue licked her areola and gently sucked on the peak of her rounded mountains. I kept my attention on her chest as my left hand made its way down her perfect body. I felt the satin of her chest, and the tightness in her stomach. I felt the millions of goose bumps on her leg as she unbuttoned her jean shorts. I pulled them off and gaze at her ridiculous body. 

I pulled off my shirt and bra as she kept her legs wrapped around me. She pulls my head in close and started kissing me passionately. Our tongues did the dance of passion as I held her thick hips. I pulled away and pushed her hair back as I started kissing her all over her shoulders and chest. She leaned back as my hand touched her wet vagina. She started moaning as my hand explored her. I stopped kissing her body and went down to see her shaven pink pussy. I held her hips as my tongue joined in the exploration. Her hands went through my hair and she moaned louder. I paid special attention to her clitoris as I licked her delicious vagina. Her hips started to rock forward as her grip on me got tighter. I consumed her as she yelled... fuck, fuck...fuck. Just as she finished saying the last word her body trembled and she moaned. 

She pulled my head up and kissed me once again. I put my hand on the side of her face and her charcoal brown eyes stare at me as she unbuttoned my pants. I pulled them off and lay her gently on the hard, linoleum floor. Her medium length wavy hair fanned out around her head. I held my self over her body as her nipples erected once again, this time from the cold floor. Our nipples grazed and my black hair dangled down as I stared at her. She touched my face and brushed my hair back as she pulled me down. We kissed and wildly touched each others bodies. I sat up between her legs and put her right leg under my left leg. I leaned back a little and our wet vaginas touched for the very first time. I put her left leg on my shoulder and started rocking my hips. I became high off the pure ecstasy. She propped herself up on one elbow as her hair cascaded down to one side of her head. Her hips mimicked mine and we both started moaning. Our hips continued on the rhythmic path to climax. Our hips got faster our moans got louder but our stares remained. I held her head as we reach our limits. Orgasms rocked both of our bodies like an earthquake. Our bodies went limp and we fell to the now warm floor tiles beneath us. I closed my eyes as tried to catch my breath. I hear her say my name but when I opened my eyes it was gone. I was no longer on the floor. I was fully dressed, standing at the door waiting for her to leave. It was merely a dream...