 Author's note:

Thanks to everyone for all their encouraging comments and encouragement. I will probably do one more part of this story. I am also working on more of Kim, but the going is slow.

-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-* 

What a wonderful way to wake up in the morning. There was a warm. naked woman pressed against me and her hand was over my breast. She was on her side and my arm was under her head. "Good morning, girlfriend," Sydney greeted.

"Girlfriend? Not lover?" I replied.

"Had to get the 'girl' part in there, you know," she said chuckling.

"And good morning to you, girlfriend. Waking up with you this way is nice. I think I could easily get used to it."

"Me, too." She squeezed my breast.

"Have you been holding my breast all night?" I asked.

"Regretfully, no. Just for the last ten minutes since I woke up."

I turned enough that I could give Sydney a quick kiss on the lips. "Well I'm really enjoying it and hate to be the one to break contact, but we have a busy day today." I jumped out of bed and said, "Please stay where you are, Syd, I'll be right back." I rushed to the kitchen, filled a large pan with hot water, picked up a pair of scissors, went through the bathroom, and grabbed a large bath towel, a facecloth, my razor and a can of shaving cream. Back in the bedroom, I sat everything down, doubled the bath towel and laid it on the edge of the bed.

"What the heck are you doing, Rae?"

"Preparing to get rid of your muff. You said you wanted to shave it off."

"Now?"

"Can't think of a better time. Get your ass over this towel so we don't get the bed wet." She didn't hesitate. First, I trimmed the majority of her pubic hair with the scissors, placing the cut hair on the towel. Following that, I wet the facecloth in the pan of water, rung the excess water out and laid the damp cloth over her pubic area, to moisten the shortened hairs. 

I received a nice moan from Sydney when I spread a liberal amount of lather over her. I think she liked the intimate contact when I started removing the stubble with my razor. I insured my fingers contacted her skin as much as possible. Finally, I removed the remaining streaks of lather with the warm facecloth. "You were right, Rae. That felt much better than if I had done it myself."

When I leaned down and kissed her smooth cunt, she said, "I'll give you all day to stop that, Raegan."

"Sorry, Sydney. We don't have time. We need to get some breakfast and get dressed so we aren't late for class. You can have the shower first. I'll start breakfast."

"Do you want scrambled eggs today?" I inquired.

"Sounds great."

I had the coffee brewing, toast made, and the eggs mixed when Sydney walked into the kitchen. "You look fab shaved, Syd. I like how your lips are prominently on display."

"To be truthful, I wasn't sure I'd like it. After seeing myself in the mirror, I really do. Thanks for the push this morning."

"Personally, I know I will like not getting hair in my mouth," I chuckled.

"Oh, so you think you will be spending more time between my legs, Raegan?"

"You had better believe it, Sydney. You are now a roommate with benefits."

While eating breakfast we discussed our class schedules and my work schedule. I had classes at 9, 10, 11, and 1 on Monday, Wednesday and Friday and none on Tuesday. Sydney had a 9, 10, and 1 Monday, Wednesday and Friday and a 9 and 1 Tuesday and Thursday. As previously mentioned, the latter classes were 1.5 hours long. My work schedule was 8-12 Tuesday and Thursday and 2-6 Wednesday and Friday. 

We also discussed moving the rest of her clothes and personal items out of her room. "As I mentioned, Grace is not a morning person," Sydney said. "She will be in class from 1 to 4 today. My one o'clock is an elective art class. I took several art classes in high school and at the community college. It's really my hobby. My professor told me that I probably know more than she does, so I will skip today and go to my dorm room around one to pack. I should have everything ready by the time you finish your class. You can meet me there after the class and help me load everything into my car."

"Sounds like a plan, Syd. Did any of your CC classes transfer?" 

"I took them a few years ago and hadn't thought about asking if they would transfer. I should check to see if they will fulfill the requirement for any other electives."

We finished breakfast, dressed, kissed, and walked to campus hand-in-hand. As soon as my one o'clock class was finished, I sent a text to let Sydney know I was on the way. She had her dorm room packed out and ready to move by the time I arrived. An hour later we had everything moved into the house. It took another half hour to get it all put away, albeit haphazardly. Some of her school things had to be temporarily stacked on the floor next to the fireplace. I said that I would check out a thrift store for a desk and possibly get some blocks and wood to make a bookshelf. Sydney initially said that she could continue to use the bar for a desk. I used the "my house, my rules" argument and she finally agreed while laughing. I said I would look Tuesday afternoon.

Sydney suggested a shower before we studied. It was our first shower together and was pure joy to wash one another using bare hands and body wash. If studying wasn't a priority, we probably would have spent some time on the bed making love afterwards. We both were able to withstand our basal desires and hit the books, naked of course since we were in the house. 

About six thirty, Sydney announced that she was finished and suggested we order a pizza. Having about half an hour left of my studying, I agreed that it was a good idea. The timing was perfect. Sydney had pulled on her 'cover-up' dress (It was no longer considered mine), to open the door and pay for the pizza. She was still wearing it, and pouring sodas, when I walked out of my study. "Want to eat on the porch?" she asked.

"Great idea," I replied, pulling my dress out of the closet.

"Buttons open, just like yesterday, girlfriend," she ordered.

"Only if you join me." I was a little surprised when she immediately unbuttoned her dress.

For the second day in a row, I enjoyed an 'almost naked,' and 'almost exposing' myself experience while sitting on the front porch. I think the closeness of my girlfriend had a lot to do with my enjoyment. While waiting for the pizza delivery, Sydney had slipped a bottle of black polish and a fine point artist brush into her dress pocket. When we finished eating, she turned her rocker and asked me to face her. Then, like last night, she asked me to put my feet on the edge of her rocker. "You just want to look at my pussy again, Sydney," I remarked.

"Why not, girl. It's a wonderful view and I enjoy looking at it." 

She pulled the brush and polish out of her pocket. "What do you plan on doing with that? You just painted my toenails last night. Besides, I'm not sure I want black toenails."

"Be patient, Raegan. I'm just adding some finishing touches." Soon, a beautiful letter S in calligraphy script was painted on each of my big toenails. She did it so the letters were readable when I looked down at my feet. She then painted the letter R on her own toenails so she could read them. My heart fluttered, just a little, at the significance of what she had just done.

"Are you up for a brandy, Sydney?"

"Absolutely." She disappeared into the house and returned with two snifters of my favorite drink. Our rockers were only an inch apart. I leaned my head against the back of mine, closed my eyes and enjoyed a feeling of complete contentment. We rocked, held hands, and sipped our brandy until dusk, without another word being exchanged. 

Sydney was the one to finally break the silence. "I think it's time to go in, Rae. Do you have any class work you need to complete?"

"That depends on what you have in mind, Sydney. I do have some prep work for Wednesday, but I can put it off until tomorrow."

"Well, I mentioned there was another movie I wanted you to see. Are you up for it?"

"Another Lesbian movie?"

"Yes, it is about two lesbians, but I did say that it was a little heavier than the other two. I think you will enjoy it."

"I'm game." Sydney now knew how to set up the TV for internet access. I hung our dresses in the closet while, she got everything ready.

Sydney was truthful. It definitely was not a simple lesbian movie. I'll give you a brief synopsis and I'll use the names of the actresses to make it, and a later discussion, easier to follow. Sandy and Rosie were setting on a sofa (always seems to be a sofa) watching TV. They were fully dressed. Eventually the inescapable heavy kissing started. Hands massaged breasts and moved under skirts. Actually, only Sandy was wearing a skirt. Rosie was wearing jeans. Sandy got up and pulled Rosie to the bedroom, where the kissing and hand searching continued. They removed clothes until Sandy was fully naked and Rosie was naked above the waist. Sandy pushed Rosie down on her back and laid on top of her. Apparently, Sandy had hidden a pair of padded handcuffs under a pillow and with little resistance from Rosie, soon had Rosie's hands locked around a spindle at the top of the bed. Sandy removed the rest of Rosie's clothes, jumped off the bed, pulled ropes from under it and tied Rosie's ankles to the posts at the bottom of the bed. I'll let you imagine all the sexual acts that Sandy performed on Rosie by the time the movie ended. The important thing is what Sydney and I did while watching the movie.

We had been holding hands from the time the movie started, but about halfway through, I realized that Sydney's other hand had strayed to her pussy. Ok, my free hand was also on mine. Remember, we were both naked and the movie was hot. Also, this one had my attention because I had never watched a porn movie involving bondage. The movie and the actresses were of a much better quality than either of the other two movies. I heard Sydney moan when the scene involving bondage started. Realizing she must have been as captivated by that scene as I was, I glanced over to see her fingers increase their speed. I immediately released the hand that I was holding, reached over, pulled her hand away from her pussy and replaced it with mine. "Ummm, I like that," she commented as she slipped her free hand under mine, and against my pussy. So, we slowly stroked one another while watching the torrid scene unfolding. At this point I think we both understood that it wasn't necessary to hurry things. We turned to glance at one other, leaned in and kissed. With my free hand I reached behind Sydney's head and pulled her head tightly to mine. Lips locked together, our kiss intensified. My tongue slipped through her lips and explored the inside of her mouth then mingled with her tongue. Somehow, we missed the movie's climax (no pun intended). 

Sydney simultaneously pulled her head back and removed her hand from between my legs. "You have me so fucking hot, Raegan, I don't want to stop, but we have to. We need to talk."

I'm not sure what got into me, but I jumped up, grabbed her hand, pulled her up and said, "Not here, and not yet." I pulled our cover-up dresses from the closet, put mine on and buttoned it down to the waist. I gave the other one to her, told her to put it on and said, "Do not button it." 

"But you buttoned yours. Why can't I?" Sydney quipped.

"My house, my rules, Sydney you know that! How many times do I have to remind you?" I teased.

"But I'm your roommate now, Raegan. When do I get to set some rules?"

"When I say you can!"

"Bitch!"

"Yep, but don't forget that I am your bitch and only your bitch, in addition to your girlfriend, your lover, and your BFF. So, do not fasten a single button. Don't worry, though. It's dark outside now. I doubt anyone will notice."

"Ok! Shit! You win!" I grabbed a throw blanket and a pillow from the sofa and pulled her outside where I dropped the pillow on the floor in front of my rocker then draped the throw blanket over the porch handrail.

"I figured you brought the throw blanket out to cover our legs, Rae." 

"I'll explain after you get us each another glass of brandy, Sydney." While I waited for her to return, I rocked slowly, thinking about everything that has happened since I sat down with Sydney in the library on Friday. It has been like a dream. I was beginning to have feelings for this wonderful woman, but it was too early to reveal them to her. I thought about how she made love to me and wondered where this all might be going. 

My thoughts were interrupted when she returned, handed me a snifter, sat down on her rocker, grasped my hand and said, "Ok, tell me the reason for the throw blanket."

"That movie made me so damn hot, I need you to do something about it and didn't want anyone driving down the street to see you kneeling between my legs, girlfriend."

Sydney looked at me, smiled, and said, "Really, Raegan. Here? On the porch?"

"Yep. Right here. I'd prefer you to do it without the throw blanket hanging over the handrail, but I think that would be too dangerous, even if it is dark. Oh, and I think I would enjoy it even more if you remove the dress." 

"And what is the reason for the pillow?"

"Wouldn't want my girlfriend to injure her knees on the hard floor, would we?" I replied.

Sydney took a sip of her brandy, slid off of her rocker, placed her glass on the floor, removed her dress, and knelt on the pillow. I gave my glass to her so she could put it on the floor and raised my feet to the top of the handrail and spread them wide. "Oh, God, Raegan, it may be dark out here, but I can see your pussy so clearly. It's beautiful, just like a pink flower waiting to unfurl." 

I expected her to immediately lean forward and lick me, but she didn't. She ran her fingers slowly through my folds. "You're so damn wet already, Raegan, just waiting for me." I watched as Sydney stared at me while slipping her fingers into her mouth to suck on them. "Ummm, just like honey. I love the taste of you, Raegan." She slipped the same two fingers into me, wetting them again, then held them up to my lips. This time I didn't hesitate. I sucked and tasted my own juices for the second time. Sydney smiled and started licking my cunt from the bottom to the top and down again. At the same time, she somehow reached up and started to pinch and twist my nipples. As always, an electrical charge surged from them down to my core. Sydney knew how much I was turned on and quickly sucked my swollen clit into her mouth. A few strokes of her tongue over the blood engorged nub was all it took to push me over. I dropped my legs onto her shoulders and crossed my ankles behind her as my body shook with a wonderful, gigantic climax. 

Sydney didn't move until I finally relaxed. "Oh my god, Syd, that was amazing. We'll have to do it again."

"I agree, but you'll be the one on her knees next time," she laughed. Then she surprised me by saying, "Raegan, I want you to do a favor for me."

"After that mind-blowing climax, anything you want."

"I want to watch you masturbate for me."

"I know I just said anything, but I can't do that, Syd. You saw how I just came. I don't have another in me."

"I know you can, Raegan. And you will, just for me, and just because I asked you to." My legs were still resting on her shoulders. She put her arm around the outside of my leg and said. "Give me your hand." She was right. I couldn't resist her smile or her request and held out my arm. She grasped my wrist and pressed my hand against my cunt. "Put your feet back up on the railing again, Raegan, just like they were, spread wide, so I have a clear view to watch you."

My labia and clit were still swollen and sensitive, but I let her guide my hand up and down across my sex. I closed my eyes, laid my head back against the rocker and enjoyed the sensations my own hand, held by hers, was creating. I didn't realize it, but when I started rubbing myself harder, Sydney released my wrist. I was on my own, masturbating for my lover, while she watched less than a foot away. 

"Put two fingers in yourself, now, Raegan. Fuck yourself with them." I started to move my hand down from my clit. "No, Raegan, use your other hand. I want to see you rubbing your clit while you fuck yourself." I was fully on display, feet splayed out in front of me with Sydney kneeling between them, now coaching me along. Her voice had become very soft and was almost hypnotizing. "That's it baby, do it for your Sydney. Oh, my God, I wish you could see yourself from this view." I couldn't have stopped had I wanted to. I needed to cum so bad, and soon climaxed for a second time within ten minutes. 

Just as I was starting to come back down to earth, without warning, Sydney leaned forward, planted a kiss on my pussy then clamped her lips over my clit, sucked it into her mouth, and started lashing it with her tongue. "Holy fucking shit, Syd. Stop! Please stop! I'm so sensitive! I can't take it." She didn't stop. I did take it and quickly climaxed a third time, harder than before. This time a scream came out of my mouth. I didn't care if any neighbors happened to be outside. I was releasing all my passions for the world to hear. 

I don't think I passed out, but by the time I was fully coherent again, Sydney had pulled her dress on, and was sitting on her rocker holding my hand with the snifter in her other hand. I noticed she hadn't buttoned her dress. She had simply pulled the sides close together. I slipped my hand under the far panel, squeezed her breast, tweaked the nipple and withdrew.

"What the fuck, Raegan!"

"Just checking your heartbeat, Sydney, dear," mimicking the comment she had made. She started to laugh.

Then, after a few moments of silence, I said, "Syd, may I ask a personal question?"

"Raegan, we are now BFFs, girlfriends, lovers and naked roommates, I would hope we would be able to ask about, and share, any personal information, except for deep dark secrets like maybe if you murdered someone. That I wouldn't want to know. At least not yet."

Damn, I liked her sense of humor. "The movie last night seemed to excite you a lot more than the two we watched on Saturday. Was I imagining that?"

"No, you weren't imagining it, Raegan"

"Tell me why. Full disclosure."

"Ok. Are you familiar with the acronym BDSM and D&S?"

"A little. I know what they mean. Last night's movie was about bondage, right."

"Right, and a little dominance. In most cases you can't have bondage without some dominance and submissiveness. Well, without going into a lot of detail, I was introduced to bondage along with dominance, submission and light discipline, by a friend. Watching that movie brought back some very vivid memories."

"Tyler again?" I interrupted.

"Yes. We were together for almost a year," she answered grinning. "People playing in that scene are typically called Dominants and submissives. Some are switches which means they enjoy playing both roles."

"Which do you prefer?" I interrupted again.

"When I was with Tyler, I enjoyed being submissive, and especially enjoyed bondage, but also needed to take a dominant role on occasion, so I guess I am a switch. That is why we I eventually broke up. As our relationship intensified, she became increasingly demanding until she wanted me to be her submissive 24/7. I simply couldn't handle being a full-time submissive, so I left. Hopefully she found someone who could satisfy her desires."

"Wow! Thanks for sharing." 

"Now it's my turn, Raegan. When you watched the movie, did you relate to either of the actors."

"I did. Truthfully, I wanted to be Sandy."

"So, you got off thinking about tying someone to a bed and ravishing them."

"Yes," I replied, a little embarrassed to admit it.

"We will have to discuss this more," she replied without going into any detail.
