 I had just enjoyed a lovely long soak in the bath, and no sooner had I dried off and slipped into my robe than the doorbell rang. I wasn't expecting anyone over so I answered the door to find my neighbours daughter Jamie standing there.

"Hello Jamie, how are you?" I asked the 18 year old as she stood there looking unsettled, holding a bag.

"Hello Mrs Smith, I'm fine thank you," the cute blonde smiled at me, "I came over to surprise my mom on her birthday, but she doesn't seem to be in and I've lost my key."

"Please, call me Pam," I said as I invited the shapely young woman inside, "your mom is on an overnight work trip and she won't be back until tomorrow."

"Oh no," Jamie said, "I just caught the last bus to get here."

"Look, John is away at the moment, why don't you stay here for the night," I suggested to her as we walked through to the kitchen, not being able to stop myself from admiring her figure.

"Really? I wouldn't want to impose on you," Jamie said as I reached for two glasses and some wine.

"Oh no, it's no imposition, honestly," I told her as I poured her a glass, "I'd be glad of the company." Especially company as sexy as you, I thought to myself. 

I knew all about Jamie, the cute but wild chick with blue streaks in her cropped hair, and why she had been kicked out of school - she had been caught naked with another female student in the changing room showers, and even though they were both 18 this had proved too much for the headmaster, and they had both been booted out.

I had known this since it had happened and although it had aroused me at the time I'd thought little about it, but now that I had sampled the delights of young Sophie I found myself having all sorts of thoughts about Jamie. Knowing that she was into girls settled the first question right away, but would she be interested in someone older? Feeling bold I decided to flirt a little with her and see if she was interested in a staid old school teacher like me.

We retired to the living room and I made sure that when I sat down, cross legged, that my robe slid up so that I had plenty of thigh on show, and maybe a bit more if you were to look closely. We chatted about this and that and seemed to be getting on really well, and after a while I realised that Jamie's gaze kept focussing on my legs. Without wanting to get my hopes up too much I shifted position slightly, opening my legs up a little in the hope that Jamie would be able to see more of me.

"So, is your husband away a lot?" she asked me, her gaze flicking between my face and my legs.

"Yeah, quite a bit," I sighed, "for up to a week at a time - it's his business."

"You must get lonely," she sympathised with me, "how do you cope? I couldn't go that long without..."

"Without what, sex?" I smile at her, "well, it has been difficult, but just recently I got some help from an unexpected quarter."

"Really?" she gasped, edging closer to me on the sofa, "who, another man?"

"That's the thing," I answered in a whisper, leaning forward so she could see down my robe, "it wasn't a bloke!"

"No way!" Jamie gasped, staring at me in amazement, "I didn't know you were into that!"

"I wasn't!" I chuckled, "well, I was but I'd never actually done anything...until that night anyway."

"Tell me more!" Jamie insisted as she moved even closer to me so that our knees were touching, "that is, if you want to...I'd love to hear about it."

From the way she sat and the way she fidgeted I could see Jamie was getting excited so I shifted position yet again, certain that could now clearly see my pussy.

"Well, Mark was away so I invited her over for a girlie night," I told Jamie as she leaned in close, "and she seduced me; you'd like her, she's a cute 18 year old blonde...like you."

""Pam, I have a confession to make too," Jamie said, smiling sweetly at me as her hand went to my knee, "I like older women...like you!"

"You do? Would you like to..?" I said quietly, staring into her beautiful green eyes.

"Yes, I would," she replied, reaching across and undoing the belt of my robe, pulling it open to reveal what lay underneath.

"Do you like what you see?" I asked her with a wobble in my voice as this hot young woman ran her gaze up and down my exposed body.

"I do," Jamie moaned softly as she moved right in, her hand sliding up my inner thigh as her face in right in to mine, and I closed my eyes just as her lips made contact with mine. I reached out and pulled her to me as I fell back against the sofa, and I moaned into her mouth as her hand pressed against my pussy. As our tongues wrestled wetly with each other Jamie crooked her middle finger and split my folds, delving inside my pussy.

"I want to fuck you!" Jamie said in a low growl when she finally broke away from my mouth.

"I want to fuck you," I smiled back as I squirmed on her fingers, "I want to eat your hot little cunt!"

"Oh, you shall," she beamed back at me as she stood up, her fingers going to her mouth to taste me before she started to undress. I lay there; legs still spread wide, and watched her as my hand went to my pussy to rub myself. Jamie wore a t-shirt and jeans, and as they came off they revealed some very sexy underwear - a black lace and satin half-cup bra, matching French knickers and black hold-up stockings!

"Wow! Do you always dress up like that?" I asked her as I admired her lean young figure, watching her take off her bra to reveal a pair of full and pert young breasts that made my mouth water.

"Only for my lovers," she purred as she slowly pulled her knickers down, revealing the landing strip on her mound.

"But, you were coming over to see your mom..." I said, still rubbing myself as she came back to me, kneeling on the sofa and bending down to kiss me.

"Yes, I know," she murmured as her lips found mine.

As her tongue entered my mouth and our lips mashed together I felt a confusion of thoughts and emotions, but they all accomplished the same thing - I was very, very aroused, especially at the thought of Jamie and her mother being lovers! I thought I knew my neighbour quite well, but she was evidently something of a dark horse.

"That turns you on doesn't it?" Jamie murmured, "The thought of me and mom fucking?"

"Oh God yes, it's so hot!" I groaned as our hands found each other's slits and rubbed them.

"I only seduced her a few weeks ago, and she's already hooked," Jamie told me as our hands sawed at our juicy pussies, "she can't get enough of my cunt!"

"I want to taste it," I moaned, "give me your cunt."

"You got it!" Jamie chuckled as she straightened up and pushed me back, sliding forward to straddle me.

She pressed her slit down onto my waiting mouth and I burrowed between her pussy lips with my tongue, tasting her and liking it a lot. Jamie groaned happily as I dug further into her slit, stabbing at her hole and sucking up her honey as she writhed gently on my face.

"Ooh Pam, you do like eating pussy don't you?" she sighed happily as she rubbed herself against my face, "I'm going to enjoy creaming all over your pretty face - maybe you'd like my mom to do that too as I watched?"

I groaned deeply into Jamie's cunt as I feasted on it, aroused beyond belief at her suggestion of sharing her mom, of the three of us fucking together. All sorts of filthy and dirty thoughts and images flashed through my head, of the three of us dressed in seductive lingerie doing things to each other, fingers and tongues in various places, Jamie and her mom fucking each other.

"Oh yes, you like that idea don't you?" Jamie purred as she leant back and rubbed my leaking pussy, "you're dripping wet!"

I mumbled into the slippery flesh that filled my mouth, staring up at her body as she leaned back, admiring the view of her mound, flat tummy and her perky tits as she rubbed my juicy slit. No wonder Tina had succumbed to her sexy daughter's advances, I thought, as Jamie's juices filled my mouth, she was so beautiful, and tasted like heaven. 

"Mmm, make me cum Pam!" she groaned as she thrust herself against my face, straightening back up to look down at me, "then we can go up to your bedroom and fuck all night!"

Yes, I want that I thought to myself as I tried to suck all of this sexy woman's juicy snatch into my mouth, I wanted us to fuck all night, and then do it all over again with her mother, my neighbour, when she returned in the morning. My whole body was trembling with excitement and my pussy felt like it was drooling as Jamie held my head, pulling my face into her sex as she creamed into my mouth and smeared herself across my cheeks and nose.

"Eat me Pam!" Jamie wailed as she writhed and bucked about on my face, "oh fuck yes, I'm cumming so hard!"

I did the best I could, given the fact that I could hardly breathe and that she was riding my face with her cunt, which was sopping wet and open as Jamie came all over me. It was so hot to have my face buried in a twitching, quivering, orgasmic pussy, to smell and taste a woman's juices as her convulsing organ fed them to me, smearing my skin and filling my mouth. 

Finally Jamie's climax was over, and she eased herself back, sliding down my body and leaving a trail of wetness across my tits and tummy. She leaned over, a big idiot grin on her face, and kissed me slowly, passionately, gratefully, taking the time to swipe my face with her tongue, broad strokes licking up her spend.

"Pam, thank you, that was so good," Jamie moaned happily as she licked her own juices from my face, "you looked like you were enjoying eating my pussy."

"I was Jamie," I confessed between long, tongue-sucking kisses, "it tasted so good and you get so wet!"

"Well, there's plenty more where that came from," she smiled at me as I felt her hot wet folds press against my thigh, "take me up to your bedroom, there are things I want to do to you!"

We untangled ourselves and I led her upstairs to our bedroom, and for a few moments we embraced, kissing long and hard as we felt each other up. Then Jamie told me that she thought I had beautiful legs and that she wanted me to put some stockings on.

She sat on the edge of my bed and parted her legs as I walked over to my drawers, and as I looked back at her she slid her hand down and started to slowly rub herself - God, what a horny sight that was! I quickly selected my choice from my collection, a pair of sheer white hold up stockings with pretty lace tops, and I returned to Jamie, putting my left foot on the bed next to her as I started to unroll the first stocking.

"I love the way a woman's legs look in stockings," she groaned softly, her fingers moving wetly in her snatch as I finished pulling the first one on, straightening the top and making sure it was wrinkle-free, "makes me want to run my hands up and down them."

"Feel free," I smiled as I swapped legs, quickly slipping the other stocking on my right leg.

Jamie reached out with her other hand and caressed my left leg, moaning softly as she stroked me through the material, making my pulse quicken and my pussy grow even wetter as I struggled to finish putting on the other stocking. Finally I was happy and I stood there in front of her, right foot up on the bed as her hand slid further up my left thigh, crossing over the lace finish to the smooth bare skin above it.

"Pam, you look so beautiful," Jamie sighed happily as her hand moved higher and cupped my pussy, "I want to fuck you all night, and in the morning share you with my mom."

"Oh God, yesss!" I hissed as Jamie's fingers penetrated me, pushing deep into me and curling to find that sweet spot, "you can do whatever you want!"

"I'll hold you to that baby!" she grinned evilly at me, "I can be a kinky cow, and you make me want to be dirty with you."

"I like the sound of that!" I moaned as Jamie stood up, her fingers still buried deep in my pussy, moving in so her face was right in mine.

Her mouth was on mine as her hand went to the back of my head, pulling me in tight to her as I opened up and let her tongue chase mine as her fingers moved inside me. I still had my foot up on the bed and I realised I was humping Jamie's hand as she fingered me, and I was feeling hornier and more aroused than ever before at the thought of being this sexy young woman's plaything.

"Pam, I want to fuck you, cunt to cunt," Jamie growled, her potty mouth turning me on, "lie back on your bed baby."

She seemed reluctant to let me go, but eventually she pulled her slippery fingers out of my drippy slit, smiling at me as she licked them clean. I got onto my bed and lay back, spreading my stockinged legs and feeling very, very horny. Jamie followed me onto our bed, clambering up on top of me such that she was straddling my groin, sitting on my left thigh.

She took a hold of my right leg and pulled it right up in the air, pulling it tight to her as she rotated me, her sex pressing against mine. As she settled down on top of me I could feel her hot wetness pressing against mine, and my stockinged leg rubbing against her stomach and tits - god it was so hot! Then she started to move her hips and I felt her sex rub across and against mine, and she smiled as she saw the look of delight spread across my face.

"Yeah, feels good doesn't it?" Jamie asked as she pressed her hot wet sex down onto mine, grinding herself against me, "I love going cunt to cunt, clit to clit!"

"It feels amazing!" I panted as she humped against me, "I love it!"

I couldn't believe how hot it was to feel Jamie's wet and slippery sex pressing and rubbing against mine, our free-flowing juices mixing together and making everything so wonderfully slippery and slick. There was also the feeling of our nylon-clad legs rubbing against each other, and as I pushed back against Jamie I squeezed my breasts and tugged on my sensitive nipples.

We were both panting and gasping with delight as our pussies seemed to melt into one juicy slippery mass, our clits on fire as they rubbed against each other. My whole body was tingling and my nipples were two white hot points of pleasure as I twisted and pulled on them, and I felt another new sensation as Jamie started to suck on my nylon-covered toes as she worked her hips and humped me.

"Oh fuck, you're so hot!" Jamie growled as she pulled my big toe out of her mouth, "I'm gonna cum all over your hard clit any minute!"

"Do it!" I panted, "I'm close, so close...want to cum with you!"

"Fuck yeah!" Jamie gasped, grinding hard into me, both of us slick and smeared with each other's fanny batter. I was so close to cumming and I could clearly see she was too, that pressure building up inside me as we moved together.

Jamie came first, grunting and gasping as her body quivered and her juices flooded over my sex, and that was enough to push me over the edge too, calling her all sorts of filthy names as my twitching cunt added to the slippery mess between us, twisting my twin peaks in painful pleasure.

It was one of the biggest orgasms I've ever had, my whole body tingling and on fire as the two of us seemed to melt into each other, our groins becoming one convulsing cream-oozing beast. When both of us were finally spent I was left feeling quiet light headed and rather limp, and I barely heard Jamie mutter something about needing to pee as she eased herself off me.

I lay there in that wonderful post-orgasmic haze, sliding a hand down to my quim and scooping up some of the cocktail of cunt juice that covered it, enjoying the taste of it as I licked my fingers clean. I heard Jamie come back in the room and after a few moments she was helping me to sit up, smiling broadly at me.

"Lie down on the towels Pam," she said, indicating where she had layered them on the floor, "I'm going to shower my piss all over you."

I was in a bit of a daze as she guided me down onto the towels, laying me out before standing over me. I was still recovering from that big cum but I was also excited at what she was about to do - I'd never done anything like that before but I wasn't about to stop her.

I looked up at Jamie's red and glistening slit as she smiled down at me, her hands reaching down to pull herself wide open, which was a beautiful sight in itself - I love the sight of a wide open blood-engorged juicy cunt. With a happy sigh Jamie released her bladder and I watched a thick stream of pale gold pour forth and splash down onto my chest.

It felt deliciously dirty to have her stream of hot piss splashing down over me, soaking my tits and tummy and running down my sides into the towels. Jamie swivelled her hips and directed her flow up my body, and as I closed my eyes and opened my mouth she adjusted her aim, travelling up my neck and onto my face.

"You dirty bitch!" Jamie groaned as I willingly let her soak me and fill my mouth with her bitter fluid, bubbling out over my chin and cheeks, "you love it don't you?"

I did, I really did; I felt dirty and used and I shivered with delight as I was drenched in another woman's hot piss, spitting out most of it but still swallowing a little. Yes, it wasn't the greatest taste in the world, but it wasn't as bad as I'd thought it would be, and I felt very wicked as Jamie's piss soaked me.

As her flow ebbed I reached up and wiped my face before opening my eyes, looking up at Jamie holding herself open still, piss dripping and dribbling from her cunt down onto me. Grinning broadly at me she bent her knees and squatted down, her intention clear, and I stuck my tongue out as she lowered her wet gash onto my face, letting me lick and drink the last of her pee.

"I knew you'd like that!" she gasped as I licked and sucked her wet and dripping gash, "You're just a filthy slut open to anything aren't you?"

"I keep trying new things and finding I like them," I chuckled as I swallowed the last of her piss.

"I'll remember that!" she laughed, "now, it's your turn - I want to drink your pee!"

She moved down and bent my legs up and apart, and I propped myself up on my elbows to watch her lay down right in front of my pussy. 

"Come on Pam, give me your piss!" she demanded of me as she pulled my pussy wide open, "I'm thirsty!"

With a grunt and a sigh I let go, a strong jet of golden piss squirting forth and catching Jamie on her upper lip, splashing about all over the place. She quickly moved so that I was pissing right into her open mouth, letting most of it gurgle back out and swallowing the rest - it was unbelievably horny to watch! 

"Dirty bitch!" I chuckled as Jamie moved her head about, letting my stream wash all over her face and into her mouth, swallowing more of it down as I urged the last of it out of me, liking how sexy she looked with my pee dripping off her. 

As I finished pissing she dipped in and licked my pussy clean with relish, making me groan happily at her touch. Finished, she slid up my body and we lay there on the wet towels kissing, sharing the taste of my own piss, smearing it from her face to mine as our tongues slid wetly together. I'd never have guessed that the simple act of pissing could be so sexual, so arousing and so wonderfully dirty, and I asked Jamie if she did that with her mom. 

"Actually, it was mom that started that one," she grinned, "quiet by accident as well - she lost control one night as we were eating each other out and started pissing all over my face!"

"And you just yummed it all up!" I moaned as we rubbed our stocking-clad legs together, breasts mashing warmly against each other, "I guess you persuaded her turn-around was fair?"

"She didn't need much persuading - she's a dirty cow just like me!" Jamie smiled, "I clearly get it from her!"

"Oh God Jamie, I can't wait until tomorrow," I groaned as our legs scissored and we rubbed ourselves on each other thigh, "thinking about you and your mom being so naughty and disgusting together makes me so wet!"
