 It had been a few months since I had seen the girl in yellow in the library. I still thought about her from time to time, especially while masturbating. I had been back to that corner of the stacks a few times since then, hoping -- but also dreading -- to see her again, but she never showed. I was starting to think I wouldn't ever see her again. Maybe she wasn't a student here? Maybe she was just visiting? Maybe this college was so big that you could go all year and not run into the same person twice?

I couldn't decide if I was more disappointed or relieved that we had avoided each other for so long. Watching her, a total stranger, get off right in front of me was one of the sexiest experiences I had had in my life, but it was also one of the most awkward. My introverted brain tends to panic and freeze in unfamiliar situations and on top of that, I really didn't know how to handle the fact that I was extremely turned on by it (and I still was months later.)

I was on my way to a study session for a physics class, not thinking about anything in particular, let alone anything sexy, when I saw her. She was walking down the hall in the opposite direction, wearing the same yellow sporty outfit she wore that day in the library. She had her cell phone to her ear and was carrying on an animated conversation as she walked.

I froze. I stared at her at first, making sure it was really her, but I really had no reason to question it. I would have known her anywhere. She had a bounce in her step and she was talking fast to whomever was on the other end of the call. I kept staring for a few seconds, until she saw me.

She looked at me for a split second, then our eyes locked and it was clear she recognized me. I tried to keep my expression blank, but she knew I recognized her too. She smiled, her eyes widened, her eyebrows lifted, she gave a hungry, suggestive look. Her eyes even flicked up and down my body. She didn't go so far as to actually lick her lips, but that wouldn't have seemed out of place.

I was frozen, deer-in-headlights style, with no idea how to react. I gave her what I thought was a polite smile, but probably looked like an awkward and confused fake smile. I guess she didn't think it was too weird, because she kept smiling at me. She gave her eyebrow a waggle and nodded her head to the side as if to say, "over there."

I had no idea what that was supposed to mean, but she seemed to be gesturing in the direction of the hallway bathroom. She turned and went in, still talking on her phone, giving me one last look before closing the door.

Did she. . . want me to follow her in? I knew that bathroom well, it was a "single-seater" with a lock on the door. I'd used it once or twice between classes. If I followed her in, and locked the door we would have a private space to. . . do what? My brain was stuck in a panic loop. This girl seemed to do that to me. She clearly wanted me to follow her in. . . right? But what would happen if I did? And what would I miss if didn't? Maybe I was wrong and she was just using the bathroom? Well, I could try the door, if she was just using the bathroom, she would have locked it, if I found it locked I would just move on. Or if I walked in and it wasn't what I thought, I could just pretend I walked in by accident and pretend to be embarrassed (who am I kidding, I wouldn't need to pretend) and walk out.

Of course, I should just walk on and go to meet my study group. On the other hand, my curiosity, and my sex drive, were now running at full steam. There's no way I could concentrate on physics for a while. I had spent months after our last encounter wondering what might have happened, who knows how long it would be until I get another chance to find out. Or maybe I would never get a chance.

But a chance for what? What would it be like? What was I getting into? Was it safe? My imagination was reeling. I was also aware of how long I had been standing awkwardly frozen in the hallway, while people walked past me, on their way to class or whatever.

While my brain was making up its mind, my body was already moving towards the bathroom. Before I could stop myself, I had opened the door and walked in.

I don't know what I expected to find in there, but what I did caught me totally off guard. The girl in yellow was inside, but she was standing in the middle of the room, still talking on her cell phone. I froze again. I had no idea what do do. She didn't even acknowledge me in any way at first. It was probably only a few seconds, but it felt like days, of standing still trying to formulate my next move. Should I run? Should I say something?

She saw me, finally, she smiled and made eye contact, pleased that I had followed her in. I had been standing there so long it would have been awkward to pretend I had walked in by accident and leave now. She walked behind me and locked the door. I felt stupid that I had left it unlocked.

I kept standing still while she continued her phone conversation.

"Ok," She said to whoever was on the other end, "That sounds great. . . yup. . . Ok, I gotta go though, I've got a thing. . . yup someone's waiting for me." She giggled. "Yeah, ok, bye." She hung up the phone and looked at me, smiling that hungry smile. I smiled back, but I'm sure my eyes were as wide with terror.

She put her hands on my shoulders, but she didn't say anything, and I responded in kind. She was a few inches taller than I was, and I could see by the poky nipples of her small breasts that she had made the same choice of underwear as our last encounter. Did she always dress like this?

She drew our bodies closer. This was really happening. I couldn't back out of it now. Her nose teased my forehead a little bit, then, softly she kissed me.

Just a quick one at first, then she drew back to check in. I smiled and nodded my head very slightly. She took it as a "yes" (which is how I meant it) and drew in again. This time, the kiss was longer, deeper, and wetter than the first. Her lips felt so soft and warm.

My brain was running around in circles screaming "Holy shit! What is this? Is this really happening? This is wonderful! This is terrifying!" But the rest of my body wasn't listening.

Her hands moved around to my back and our bodies pressed together. I could feel her nipples on my upper chest. My hands went down to her waist. They slipped under her shirt and onto the soft skin of her sides.

Her hands went down to my butt. She gave it a squeeze, then tried to go down the back of my pants, but the waist of my jeans was too high and too tight for her to get in, so she took off my shirt instead. I moved my hands up her back and she unclipped my bra.

She stepped back to get a good look at my bare chest. I stood there awkwardly, watching her eyes wander over me, from my belly to one breast then the other. I was normally extremely self conscious about being nude in front of other people, even other girls, but something in her gaze made me feel sexy and at ease with it. Either that, or the whole situation was so insanely awkward already, that it couldn't get any worse.

I could feel goosebumps all over my chest as she gazed. She moved back in and put her hands on my breasts, caressing them gently and kissing me again. Her kisses moved from my face to my neck, which, for me at least, is a powerful erogenous zone. I made a move and took off her shirt. I moved my hands over her chest and toyed with her nipples exactly like I had seen her do to herself in the library all those months ago.

She clearly enjoyed that. She arched her back and let out a soft moan. Then an idea seemed to come to her. She gave me one more big wet kiss, then backed away. She backed up to the counter of the bathroom sink. She dropped her shorts and kicked them over to the corner, and hoisted herself up on the counter, spreading her legs and giving me a full view of her beautiful pussy, just as it had been burned into my memory back in the library. She put a hand on my head and subtly motioned me towards her.

Oh.

It's not that I thought about it all the time, but I guess I always imagined that my first time with a girl. . . I would be receiving before giving. I kind of assumed that the more experienced girl would go first, so I could just copy her. . .

I hesitated, but she gave me a reassuring smile and gently guided my face to her pussy. I had no idea what to do. I thought about times boys had eaten me out, but they weren't very good, so that wasn't much help. So I just tried to imagine what it's be like if it were being done to me. I unbuttoned my pants and slipped my own hand down to touch myself, to give me some feedback.

I licked around the edges, lightly flicking at the skin, teasing the neatly trimmed hair over the top of her slit. She had one of those pussies where the inner labia dangled out past the outer, so that's where I went next. I licked it and nibbled it with my lips and stretched it out a little. It seemed to be working, she was getting excited. Her hips moved slightly whenever my tongue touched her.

I wasn't sure how long I should keep teasing, but she let me know when she'd had enough. Her hip thrusts had gotten more rhythmic and she put her hand on the back of my head and guided me in until my mouth was in full contact. I took her whole labia into my mouth and sucked.

I slid my tongue inside. She was already dripping wet, her juices were salty and sweet and warm. At the same time, I slipped my own fingers inside my own slit. I explored a little bit, I licked around her entry-way, and tested how far I could reach my tongue in. The answer was: not very far, but it was enough to be stimulating.

I wormed my way up, between the folds, until I reached her clit. She gasped just a little as I did. As I worked around it, then up and down it, I was getting really into it.

I had always thought of giving oral as something you close your eyes and get through so your partner would return the favor, but I found myself enjoying it. I was really turned on, though maybe that was in part because I was fingering myself along with her.

She was getting hot now. Her juices were flowing down my chin, like I was going to town on the biggest juiciest peach I've ever eaten.

I looked up at her. Her back was arched and I couldn't see her face. One hand was on her breast, cupping it gently. Her hips were gently thrusting now, her breathing was faster. She pushed the back of my head just a little harder. I took that as the signal to speed up. I really started working her clit with my tongue.

She looked down at me again. Her face was glowing red. She threw her head back and stifled a moan. (The bathroom might not be the most sound-proof) Ripples shot up and down her abdomen. Her thrusting became a spasm and her whole body tensed up. I felt the flood of juices in my mouth, down my chin and down her leg. Her hands clenched on the countertop as the orgasm took control of her body. She jerked and gasped and held still for a moment. I slowed my licking and circled her pussy.

Then she took a deep breath and relaxed.

She looked down at me with a huge smile on her red face, still catching her breath. She gave me a slight nod as if to say "thank you, you did a good job."

I backed off a little to let her down from the counter. She hopped down, and paused. We both just kind of looked at each other for a few long moments. What should I do? What would she do?

A moment of panic when I worried she would just walk out and leave me hanging. . .

I took a tentative step forward.

She smiled at me again, and took a big step towards me, put her arms around me, and gave me a deep wet kiss on the mouth, full tongue. She must have tasted her own juices. Some people are into that I guess.

Her hands moved down to my breasts, then one went down the back of my pants and under my panties, groping my ass. Her butt was warm and sweaty as I gave it a squeeze. Her hand moved around my hip to the front of my pants, gently kneading my mound. I stepped my legs apart just enough to let her down and in.

I was so wet by this point that her fingers slid right in. I whimpered softly and leaned in to her body as she started fingering me. I rocked my hips gently.

She started at the edges, and worked around the slippery folds of my labia. Unlike her, I have an "innie" and you have to do a bit of digging to get to the good bits. She worked her way in, layer by layer, exploring, finding all my most sensitive spots, the spots that made me shiver and moan.

My clit was deeply buried, but her fingers seemed to know exactly where it was. She circled it a few times. In my head, I begged her to touch it.

She touched it.

I felt it ripple through me like electricity. My legs got wobbly, I leaned into her, putting my head on her neck. I ground my hips into her as she worked me a little harder. Our sweaty breasts rubbed against each other.

I felt a rising warmth deep inside me. I was going to come just from her fingers -- with my pants still on.

I panicked. I didn't want it to end there. I wanted the whole experience.

I stepped back suddenly and yanked my pants and panties off with both hands. Her eyes got wide and she smiled approvingly.

She looked around the room. There was a small cushioned chair in the corner. She dragged it over to me and stood me in front of it.

What was this about? She got behind me, rubbing my ass and reaching around grab my breasts. She kissed me in the middle of my back and bent me over the chair. She squatted down and kissed me on the ass cheeks, left and right, then started kissing the outside of my pussy.

I stepped my feet apart, tipped my pelvis forward, and turned my toes inward, presenting myself to her as fully as I could.

I was already worked up, so I appreciated that she didn't mess around. She gave me two quick kisses on my outer pussy lips, then dove straight in. Her tongue and her mouth were all over me, moving fast. She pushed her whole face into me, "motorboating" my pussy and flicking my clit with her tongue. Her whole face was in my slit, her nose was teasing around my opening. She pushed into me so hard I was worried for a second that she wouldn't be able to breathe.

Waves of warmth and pleasure washed over me. I thrust my hips in her face. The feeling was amazing. She was highly skilled and knew exactly where my weaknesses were. She was also extremely passionate, ravenously devouring my pussy.

Juices were dripping down my legs. I opened my eyes briefly and saw her through my legs, fingering herself as she ate me out. As her face roamed over my backside, her nose, soaked in pussy juices, would briefly tickle my taint and my asshole. In the moment, I found that extremely hot.

I felt it pushing me over the edge. One final wave of pleasure peaked and crashed over me. My whole body shook. I felt the spasms ripple through me. My knees got weak as I gave my whole body to the orgasm.

The next day I would find my thighs and butt were sore and it would take me a few minutes to remember why. . .

She kept her face pressed into me for several minutes as I came down. Every 30 seconds or so, giving my super sensitive clit a flick with her tongue and sending electric shockwaves through my body.

Eventually, I came down from it. I slumped over the chair, then rolled over and sat down, catching my breath.

We looked at each other in silence, locking our eyes for a few seconds. I had to laugh a little at the situation. She laughed too. We sat there, naked, dripping with sweat and juices, staring at each other. She was a complete stranger, and we'd just had some of the best sex I'd ever had.

I shook my head at the absurdity of it all. I stood up and walked towards her. She put her hands on my hips. We kissed one more time, slowly and deeply, we held our bodies close.

She stepped back and smiled at me, then put her clothes back on. I just sat and stared at first, then realized I should probably get dressed too.

Her clothes were simpler than mine, so she was on her way out the door while I was still clipping my bra. Before she left, she turned back to me and smiled.

"Hey," she said, "thanks for that. . . I'll see you around."

All the awkwardness of the situation came rushing back as I fumbled to respond. "Uh. . . Yeah." was all I managed to reply.

And with that, she was gone.