 Author's Note

By popular demand, I'm back. Bear with me, this one might not be exactly what you wanted in terms of content.

I wanted to introduce another character, and advance the narrative. The upcoming chapter will have much more sex, and much less socialization, so stay tuned.

And thanks for being patient, and leaving nice comments. :)

*****

Machines whirred as Melinda's legs pumped, and sweat slowly traveled down her abdomen. She'd never used a stationary cycle at her old gym. To be honest, she was thrilled to leave the place behind. The smells, the glares from other women, the awkward conversations; they were all gone now that she was using Anne's home gym instead.

The red head was in better shape now. With no threat of social anxiety, she was working to her fullest. She didn't look dramatically different, but she felt great, and had greater stamina. As she petaled, she felt her runners high peaking as endorphin's ran through her veins. Her music blared in her ear buds as she plugged away, scoring mile after mile on her immobile "trip." She stopped for a moment, taking a break and squeezing some water from her water bottle into her mouth. She pulled her red hair back, re-tying it and relaxing her muscles. She switched to a more calming track as she tilted her head back, catching her breath.

She had no idea Anne was behind her, watching with arms folded by the doorway. She was dressed in her casual wear; jeans and a sleeveless T shirt. She'd been watching TV upstairs, having just gotten home from teaching a self defense class at the gym. She trusted Melinda enough to give her a key, allowing her entrance while she was away. It had been a week since their first meeting.

She'd gotten Melinda into her bed every time the red head visited, which was every other day. Several nights of gentle love making. She was confident in her chances today, but she had another plan. She was content to watch for now, as Melinda caught her breath and wiped herself with a towel.

That ass is fantastic. Anne stared at Melinda, her eyes drawn down. The curvy, light skinned woman had a perfect, heart shaped bum. Dressed in shorts, and pressured by the bike seat, it was more inviting to Anne than a wheel of brie, or a well cooked steak. A woman of means, Anne walked over, remaining quiet, her bare feet sinking noiselessly into the carpet with each step.

Melinda was, as always, incredibly easy to sneak up on. Anne got into grabbing range, and copped a handful. Her hand gripped one of Melinda's cheeks, making her jump. Anne traced her fingertip up and onto the bare skin of Melinda's back, then plunged her hand down the back of Melinda's shorts. She cupped Melinda's left butt cheek as the red head reacted, completely surprised. Yanking out her earbuds, she grabbed at Anne's wrist. "Anne! Don't sneak up on me!" Anne rested her face against Melinda's neck; it had been a long day, but she had the energy to play around.

Anne's arm wrapped around Melinda's waist, lifting her and pulling her off the exercise bike. "You should have ridden faster, babe." It didn't take much to pull Melinda completely off her feet, leaving her suspended a few inches off the floor. Melinda knew by now that it was better to just go with the flow. She leaned back against Anne, tilting her head to the side, expecting the usual row of intoxicating nibbles and bites. 

Surprisingly, Anne set Melinda down. Melinda tried to walk forward, but Anne didn't let go. The taller woman dipped Melinda, leaning her backwards and giving her a long, passionate kiss. The red head gripped the back of Anne's shirt, then went limp, her arms hanging as Anne had her way.

Leaning in closer, Anne kissed her partner's neck as the red-head arched her back, her breath quickening. Suddenly, Anne paused. Melinda stood there in anticipation. Suddenly, Anne reached down and picked Melinda up by her legs and back, carrying her like a husband toting a wife. "Hey!" Melinda swung her legs, but her exhausted kicks did absolutely nil. Anne gave Melinda a quiet, knowing look, and Melinda went completely still, cowed into submission by the taller woman's gaze.

"I wanted to talk to you about something." Anne began walking up the stairs, carrying Melinda. The red-head worried that she might be too heavy for Anne, but the raven haired athlete carried Melinda without any problem. Melinda looked at Anne's chest; the woman's sleeveless shirt revealed her shoulders and collarbone. Anne's strong, but svelte features were astoundingly attractive. Melinda wished that she could get a good, long look at Anne naked, but they slept together with the lights off, and Anne was rarely fully naked around Melinda. She wasn't shy; Melinda just never got the right opportunity.

"You paying attention?" As they walked through the hallway of the first floor, Melinda snapped back to reality after a few moments of thinking of Anne naked. "This is important, Millie, so focus up." Anne sat down with Melinda on her lap in the sitting room. Artie the cat was sleeping on the floor not far away.

"Yeah?" Melinda adjusted to get comfortable as Anne's arms wrapped tightly around her. "What did you want to talk about?"

Anne smiled, grasping Melinda's face and turning it towards hers. "You're going to move into my house. You don't have to pay for a U-Haul. A friend of mine has a truck we can borrow to move your things from your apartment here."

Melinda's eyes widened, her body stiffening. "W...Wait, that's a really big step." Melinda wanted to wipe her nose, but one of Anne's hands was on her face, and the other was wrapped around her body, keeping her arms trapped. She was still looking Anne in the eye. Anne's expression shifted; she was rather tacit, and her eyes were half lidded. She was listening, and waiting for Melinda to expand on her point. "I mean, we haven't really taken things slowly, but are you sure you want me to live here?"

"Yes. This isn't an impulse; I've been thinking about this for a while." Anne leaned back, taking Melinda with her. The red-head's face was rested on her shoulder as they maintained eye contact. "I like having you around. You're hot, and fun, and I get bored having the house to myself."

Stirring, Artie rolled over, awake due to the constant chat. He chirruped, then meowed,rolling onto his back and onto his side, staring out the window. The brown and black animal sat upright, and began chattering as he watched something move outside; probably a bird or a squirrel. The sound broke a little of the tension. Melinda smiled and pointed. "You have Artie."

"Artie's a dick," Anne grumbled. Getting back to the point, Anne pulled Melinda closer. "You can say no if you want, but just be aware; I wouldn't make this offer to anyone. I've had plenty of girls in this house, and you're the only repeat visitor."

"...That's not very comforting." Melinda narrowed her gaze, sitting up and getting into Anne's face a bit. "There aren't any other girls visiting currently, are there?

"No." Again with the confident, hard-line answer. Something about it set Melinda at ease, pacifying her concerns. "I've never enjoyed a person like I enjoy you."

Melinda nodded slowly, but froze as Anne's hands started to wander. She was wearing her workout clothes; a lot of hand on skin contact was going on before the red head could prepare herself. Anne's hand brushed up her abdomen, lightly rubbing down past her belly button. Melinda took a sharp breath as Anne's hand continued to drop. She went limp, leaning back against Anne's welcoming shoulder. She only had one thing to ask.

"I'm your favorite?" Melinda's voice trembled slightly as she spoke. Anne's answer was simple, but non-verbal. Her hand crawled between Melinda's legs, and she used her knee to spread them slightly. She started rubbing the thin fabric, petting Melinda over her clothes. The results were plain to see; the red head's breath was a light flutter, and her skin turned flushed. Her back arched as Anne's hand moved against her vagina. Anne could feel it well; she found Melinda's clit and worked it generously, as the woman's back arched.

Anne smirked, thinking to herself as she reached up and caught a handful of Melinda's soft chest. It was hard to believe that no man had ever made her orgasm before; she was astonishingly sensitive. It almost made her want to break out her strap on. All in due time, she decided.

Melinda bit her lip, occasionally releasing a soft moan or a sigh. The sound was ravenously appealing; Anne lost herself for a moment, giving Melinda a firm bite on the neck. The red head cried out, and Anne backed off. As the yelp tapered off with an upwards inflection, Anne was relieved. While it had hurt, Melinda seemed to like it. She gently kissed the bite, then smiled and lightly sank her teeth into Melinda's shoulder. Melinda managed to free one of her arms; she reached back and caressed Anne's cheek as the woman ravished her with light kisses and soul searing love-bites.

Anne's hand stopped stroking for a moment, and she gave Melinda's thigh a quick spank, squeezing the tender muscle. Melinda cried out again; that sound was music to Anne's ears. Her hand crawled back up and resumed its work on the wet cloth over Melinda's vagina. Grasping Melinda's face, the taller woman pulled Melinda into a kiss on the mouth. She knew Melinda was getting close. The red head pulsed her hips slightly with each stroke.

The climax finally came. Melinda locked up, one hand gripping Anne's wrist, the other latched onto the fabric of a nearby decorative pillow. Anne laughed as Melinda went slack in her arms. The thigh of her jeans was soaked through by the red head's love-fluids.

Pulling the red head up, Anne cradled her as she caught her breath. Melinda was fighting the urge to simply go to sleep in this position. "Let's get you cleaned up." Anne picked Melinda up and began walking upstairs. "Then we can go to bed."

Melinda nodded. It was early; barely the middle of the afternoon. Anne intended to spoil herself today, and take the day off tomorrow to move Melinda's stuff from her apartment into her house.

Anne looked down at Melinda, and smiled brightly and genuinely. "Yeah. You're my favorite."

