 Danica lay out by the pool. It was a hot sunny day and she was burning hot. She had been outside all day tanning and knew she was on the verge of burning. She had on her red two-piece and was trying to get the perfect tan lines. She loved tan lines because it was so sexy and she loved seeing the contrast between white and dark skin. She rolled over and rubbed more baby oil into her skin. She knew that sun tanning was bad, but it was an addiction she had had for years. She closed her eyes and daydreamed.

Danica had just turned eighteen a week ago and had had a miserable birthday. Her dad had been unable to fly home from his business trip in time and her mother, who had disappeared years ago, didn't call of course. She had spent the day shopping, spending her dad's money. She had then gone into the wine cellar and drank a bottle of the most expensive wine he had. She had puked on the marble floor of the master bathroom and then stumbled into her room and fallen asleep. She didn't cry or anything. She had spent her formative years crying about her horrible life, now she was indifferent.

"You going to share your pool?" The voice came from next door. Danica opened her eyes and saw a young woman standing by the fence. Her yard had black iron fencing which didn't give a lot of privacy. She figured that way if she had any wild parties her cranky old neighbors would tell her dad when he got home, like he cared.

"Sure. I'll open the gate." Danica got up and walked to unlock the gate. She knew that the house next door was recently sold and she had noticed moving trucks in the driveway the last few days. She assumed this was the daughter of the new neighbors.

"I'm Kimberly, but everyone calls me Kim. I just moved in next door with my Mom." Kim was tall and thin, with dark chestnut colored hair. Her face was round and very cute. She was wearing the tiniest of bikinis that barely covered her body. Her breasts were small and Danica could see the outline of her nipples against her top.

"I'm Danica. I live with my dad although he's always away." Danica unlocked the gate and let Kim into the backyard. Kim laid her towel on one of the loungers and undid her top. Danica could only stare.

"Is this alright? I hate tan lines."

"Sure. Sorry I was staring." Danica blushed and lay on her stomach facing Kim. Kim did the same.

"So how old are you?" Kim was licking her lips and squirming a bit on the lounger.

"I turned eighteen last week, what about you?"

"Did you have a big birthday party?"

"No. My dad was away so I just went shopping and then got drunk on his most expensive wine."

"Are you serious?" Kim's eyes went wide. How could a parent ignore his daughter's birthday? "That sucks. My birthday was four months ago. I had a big party with lots of presents including a BMW convertible in red. My mom took me shopping for a new wardrobe and then a week later we went to Jamaica for a week."

"Wow your mom sounds so nice."

"Yeah sort of. She spent the week fucking all these black guys though. I hung around the pool and flirted with the college guys. She seriously needs a husband or something."

Danica burst out laughing. Kim did the same.

"I'm going into the pool to cool off, want to come?" Danica couldn't stop staring at Kim. She just loved her body and wanted to touch her so badly. Now that she thought about it they were almost identical. They were about the same height with the same sized breasts and same color of hair. Even their faces had the same shape.

"Yeah."

Both girls slipped into the water and swam around a bit. After a while, Kim sat up on the edge of the pool, her legs spread wide. Danica was floating on a mat facing Kim. She looked right between her legs and saw the black material pressed up against her pussy. She could see the outline of her pussy lips and it was evident that she waxed or shaved completely and that she either had a clit ring or her clit was swollen and protruding past her pussy lips. Either way, this made Danica so hot and bothered. Kim noticed and whispered.

"Want to touch me?"

Danica only nodded and the girls climbed out of the pool onto Danica's lounger. Danica lay back and Kim lay on top of her. They could feel their cold skin against each other and both of them wiggled out of their bathing suits. Kim kissed Danica first and Danica tried her hardest to be soft and sensual. This wasn't her first time with a girl. Kim was so gentle and when she turned slowly into a sixty-nine position, Danica just moaned as she was faced with Kim's beautiful pussy. She spread her lips with the tip of her tongue and licked gently. She tasted sweet with a hint of the pool water. The more she licked, the more she tasted sweet and tangy. Danica licked up and down her slit, and then flicked her tongue against Kim's swollen clit. Kim was moaning and panting so Danica knew she liked it and continued.

Kim stared down at Danica's pussy and whimpered softly. Her pussy was so small and delicate. Her lips were perfectly smooth and her clit was just slightly poking through her lips. She ran one perfectly manicured finger up and down her slit and then pushed through. She pushed all the way in then found Danica's g-spot. She tapped it lightly three times and then pulled out and tasted her juices.

The two girls continued their licking and sucking until they were both covered in sweat. Danica sat up and kissed Kim. It was a long sensual kiss and both of them tasted their juices on each other's lips. Kim wrapped her legs tight around Danica and the two of them continued their kissing, practically sitting in each other's laps.

"Tell me how to make you cum Kim. I want to make you feel good."

"Finger me."

Danica nodded and pushed three fingers into Kim's waiting pussy. She only had to thrust a few times and then suddenly Kim came. It was an explosive orgasm. Kim screamed out and gushed all over Danica's fingers. She clawed at Danica's arms and fell back, her whole body convulsing. Danica continued the assault on Kim's pussy and pushed harder and faster, stretching her pussy. Kim gasped for breath. She couldn't handle the intensity and finally pushed Danica's hand out of the way.

"Sorry. Was that too much?" Danica was worried. Kim was still shaking and couldn't talk. Finally, she took two deep breaths and spoke. "God that was amazing. Your turn sweetie." Kim grinned and pushed Danica onto her back. She leaned down and sucked her clit into her mouth while fingering her roughly. Danica came quickly and clamped her legs around Kim's neck. Danica was in pure heaven. The idea of Kim's lips around her clit and her delicate fingers deep inside her pussy drove her over the edge. Once Danica was calm, Kim rolled over and lay on her back.

"So do you have a boyfriend?" Danica had rolled onto her back as well and the two girls were stretched out on the lounger.

"No. I prefer girls. What about you?" Kim waited for an answer.

"No. I don't have a boyfriend either. I dated a guy in freshman year, but he was a prick."

"Most guys are. So want to be my girlfriend?" Kim turned to face Danica. She was smiling wide.

"Of course Danica."