 This is my first attempt at literotica, so be nice, OK. I'm writing this on the advice of a friend. A very special friend. She suggested I use my talent to break out into a different literary venue, so for you my Amanda, here goes.

The day I moved in was crazy. Unloading boxes off of the truck and bringing them into the apartment was tiring. By the time I got the last box into the apartment, I was exhausted. Sweating and absolutely exhausted. I wiped my brow and looked around my new apartment. It was bare and raw, but it was mine. I've never had my own place before, so this was gonna be an adventure. I went from my mother's house to my first husband's house and then back to my mother's house before moving out to be with my second husband. When things didn't work out with him, I was heartbroken. I didn't want to be 37 years old and a two time loser at marriage. My teenaged daughter elected to stay with my soon to be ex husband for the summer until I could get our new place set up. Moving from Northern New York to the Beltway wasn't an easy decision, but I wanted to start a new life. A life where I was truly on my own. I was either gonna sink or swim in my new city. I plopped down on the couch, leaving my apartment door open. It was hot and I hadn't yet bought an air conditioner for my new place.

"Hello. Is anyone here?" a voice called out from the doorway.

"Um... yeah. I'm... I'm in here." I answered looking back at my door. That is when I saw her. She was a voluptous, caramel skinned woman. She stood about 5'9" and posessed 42 DD breast protruding from her chest.

"Hey, you must be my new neighbor. I'm Amanda. I live in the apartment right next door." she smiled as I got up from the couch to greet her.

"I'm Barb. It's really nice to meet you." I smiled extending my hand to her.

"What's that accent I detect? Is that New York?" she asked smiling at me. Her smile sent shivers up and down my spine.

"Yeah, um... I'm originally from Queens, but I just left Northern New York. My husband... I mean, my soon to be ex husband and I lived there for 6 years. It... it didn't work out. My daughter is still there. At least until the summer is over, then she's gonna come out here to start school." I don't know why I was pouring my heart out to this stranger, but there was just something so comfortable about her.

"Oh, OK. Um... I'll... I'll let you get back to your unpacking. I know how stressful moving could be." she stuttered beginning to back out of the apartment.

"No, please. Um... I'm really tired and I don't even want to look at another box today. I was... I was thinking about maybe taking a shower and going out. Do you know any good bars around here? I could really use a drink and relax after the last year I've had." I replied, trying to keep my new neighbor from leaving, thinking I was a freak who dumped her problems on the first stranger nice enough to say hi.

"Well, I was thinking of maybe watching a movie tonight. You know, a quiet night at home. I bought a bottle of wine and I have some cheesy chick flicks. How about you come on over to my place after your shower? We can order out and just have a girls night in." she suggested smiling down at me. Now let me take some time to describe myself. I'm 5'6" and weight between 155 and 165lbs. I've had 2 kids, so a lot of it is just weight that I can't keep off. My breasts are 36 B, but a little saggy for the same reason. I have medium length blond hair and bright blue eyes. My first marriage lasted only a couple of years. The guy was a dud. I was 18 and stupid. He was a violent alcoholic. A fact that didn't surface until after we got married and I was pregnant with is child. My second marriage lasted considerably longer. 15 years. Things were tough for us in the beginning, but we stuck together. But as things gradually got better, our relationship got worse. Finally, I couldn't take the fighting all of the time and being blamed for everything that went wrong in his world, so I decided to cut my losses and start fresh.

"That sounds like a great idea. Are you sure it's not an imposition? I mean, I don't want to intrude on your quiet night at home." I meant it when I said it, but secretly hoped that she wouldn't retract her offer as I didn't want to be alone on my first night in a new city.

"Of course not. You don't know anybody and I wouldn't want to be sitting at home worrying about some asshole taking advantage of you out all alone and vulnerable." she smiled looking down at me.

"Thank you Amanda. I really appreciate that offer. I can be over in say an hour. I have to find the box where I put my towels and some clean clothes." 

"Don't worry about getting dressed up. Just wear some sweats or something that you're comfortable in. Remember, it's just us girls." she smiled touching my arm gently. My pussy began to pulsate. I hadn't had sex in quite a while and was surprised at my reaction. I've never reacted like that with another woman before.

"Um... OK. Thanks again Amanda. I'll see you in an hour." I smiled trying to cover my physical reaction to her touch.

"OK, see you in an hour. Is pizza OK? I mean, it's not New York, but it's got sauce and cheese."

"Sure. Pizza is fine. I'll um... I'll see you in an hour." she promptly left the apartment as I closed the door. I rushed over to the box that was marked bathroom and ripped it open, rummaging through it for a towel. I then went to my bedroom box and started picking out what I wanted to wear. I couldn't stop thinking about my reaction to Amanda's touch. Sure I've thought about being with a woman. I've even admired women's breasts before, but I've never had that kind of reaction to one's touch before. I was hoping that she could be a good friend, but also I hoped she would be more. Maybe not a girlfriend, but a friend with benefits. I chose a mixed outfit. My Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon pajama pants and a black tank top. I chose not to wear a bra. I don't sleep in one, so I rarely wear one unless I have to go out of the house. I picked out a pair of pink thong underpants I had bought to excite my husband, but it didn't work. He just complained that I bought new underwear when there were bills to pay. I took my time in the shower. I washed my hair and then proceeded to wash my body. I lathered the soap up and down my arms before crossing my chest. I massaged my breasts one by one. Each time I'd rake my palm over my nipples, they would stiffen, sending shivers down to my pussy. I trailed the soap down my stomach before venturing down to my pussy. I began shaving my pussy to turn my husband on, but when he didn't notice, I continued to do it for myself. I masturbated a lot towards the end of our marriage and I found that my pussy was more sensative when it was shaved. I enjoyed the sensation my vibe would give me. I slipped the soap between my thick cunt lips, carefully cleaning my clit and my vagina. I allowed a finger to slip into my wet hole, cleaning it thoroughly before reaching back to my puckered asshole. I slipped a finger in there as well, cleaning it. As I fingered my own asshole, shivers went through my body. I was tempted to bring myself off, but opted against it, as I had already spent too much time in the shower as it was. I still needed to dry off and get dressed before brushing my hair, to make it over to Amanda's in the time I had alotted myself.

I finished getting dressed and brushed my wet hair back, before slipping my slippers on and heading next door to Amanda's. When I got there, the door was open. I knocked on the door before pushing it open. "Hello. Amanda? Are you in here?" I called out. When I got no answer, I entered the apartment, looking around. "Amanda, are you here? It's... it's Barb." as I walked through the living room I could hear the shower going. I also heard moaning. 

"Oh yeah. Oh Barb, you beautiful little thing. Yeah, lick me Baby. You are so sexy. Right there. Oh Baby." I froze where I stood. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. She was bringing herself off thinking about me. She wanted me to lick her pussy and make her cum. I began to blush before turning around to leave the apartment. I got to the door and shut it before rushing over to my own apartment. "How could I go back over there after hearing what I had just heard?" I thought to myself leaning against my door. As I thought about it, something came to my mind. I'd have been calling out her name and asking her to lick my pussy, if I'd had time to in my own shower. I began to smile. She felt the same way about me that I felt about her. But she didn't know that I heard her. So she was probably thinking that that's all it would ever be. A fantasy. I had to do something that night to show her that I wanted it too. That I wanted her just as much as she wanted me. So the plan began to come together inside my own head. I decided to alter my wardrobe a little. I went back into my box of clothes and decided to pick out a pair of short shorts. I took my pajama pants off to see that I had wet through my thongs. I went back into the bathroom and cleaned myself up, before douching and putting the shorts on, sans underwear. I looked in the bathroom mirror and noticed that the shorts barely covered my ass. Perfect. I pinched my nipples until they were hard enough to cut glass and messed my hair up a little. I was going for the seductive look and when I believed I had achieved it, I left my apartment to go back over to Amanda's. I noticed the door was open again, so I knocked as I had the first time and called out for Amanda again. "Amanda, are you here?" 

"Yeah sweetie. I'm in the bedroom getting changed. I figured I needed a shower too. Just give me a minute." she called out from her bedroom. I noticed two wine glasses on the counter in the kitchen, so I decided to pour myself a glass of liquid courage. I poured her a glass as well.

"Hey sweetie. I see you found the refreshments." she smiled as she came out of the room. She was wearing a pair of cut off sweats and a tank top. Her tits looked incredible. I wanted to just latch onto them and never let them go. Her nipples were like little pebbles seeming to be calling out my name.

"Um... yeah. I hope you don't mind." I smiled handing her one of the glasses.

"Of course not. Um... the pizza should be here in a little while. Why don't we have a seat?" she suggested leading me to the couch.

"What movies did you get?" I asked getting comfortable on the couch. I folded one leg underneath me, revealing part of my thick, juicy pussy lips.

"Um... just a couple of chick flicks. But we don't have to watch them if you don't want to. We can just sit here and talk if you want." she stuttered, definitely noticing my arousal.

"OK. Um... what do you want to talk about?" I asked. Just as she was about to answer, the door buzzed. 

"The pizza is here." she announced quickly getting up from the couch.

"Here, let me pay for it. You paid for the wine and you were nice enough to have me over so I wouldn't be alone on my first night." I offered taking money out of the waistband of my shorts. I lifted my shirt up enough to reveal the bottom of my small, sagging breasts.


"Um... no. It's... it's OK. I got it. I invited you over." she insisted before going to the door to pay the pizza guy. She set the pizza on the dining room table before getting paper plates out of the kitchen.

"Um... I'm not really hungry right now. Maybe we can wait until later. Cold pizza is always better anyway." I suggested trying to get her back to the couch.

"Sounds good to me. I could use a drink more than food at this point in the day anyway." she laughed coming back over to the couch. "So tell me. What brings you to the Beltway from New York?" she asked making small talk.

"Well, I've always had someone to fall back on. I wanted to, for once in my life, be on my own. Do things for me. Not to make my family happy." I explained, leaning my elbow on the back of the couch facing her.

"I get that. It's always good to have something just for you." she smiled seeming to stare at my rock hard nipples.

"Yeah, but I'm seeing a whole lot of other advantages to being on my own." I leaned over to set my wine glass on the coffee table.

"Oh yeah, what's that?" she looked deep into my blue eyes.

"Well, I'm starting to realize things about myself that I never knew. Or expected." I told her quietly as I allowed my hand to subtly graze her shoulder.

"Anything you want to share with your new neighbor?" she asked obviously feeling my gentle touch.

"There's a lot I want to share with you." I whispered leaning closer to her face. She noticed it and began closing the gap between us. She puckered her lips just as they touched slightly. That first touch felt like electric. Quickly the kiss was deepened. She wrapped her arms around my waist as I lifted my hands to cup her face. She pulled me onto her so that I was straddling her as we kissed with a sense of urgency. Our tongues tangled and my pussy throbbed. Almost painfully. I began to grind myself into her and she lifted herself up more to assist in my efforts. My pussy lips were pushing against her own thick lips allowing the seam of my shorts to masturbate me. I wrapped my arms around her head and held her to me. I never wanted to let go of this chocolate angel. Her hands cupped my wide ass and she rubbed in circles around my ass cheeks. Her fingers ventured into my shorts, grazing my asshole. I moaned softly into her wonderful, warm mouth. I pulled my arm back to cup her large, delicious breasts before breaking the kiss to trace my tongue down to her right breast.

"You heard me in the shower, didn't you?" she moaned as he flicked her nipple over the material of her tank top.

"Mhm. I was thinking about you like that when I was in the shower too." I sighed before reaching down to the bottom of her tank top with both hands to pull it up. Giving me better access to her big, beautiful breasts.

"Oh Baby. The minute I met you I knew we'd be great friends." she smiled down at me, watching me pleasure her breasts with my mouth. She continued to play with my ass, but added a finger to my dripping pussy.

"Mmmm, that feels so good." I moaned looking up at her.

"I want to bring you to heaven and back tonight. Are you game?" she asked smiling at me.

"Tonight, tomorrow night and any and every night after that." I smiled at her. She removed her fingers from my pussy and my ass to place me on my back on the couch. She reached for the waistband of my shorts, pulling them down. I kicked them off before sitting up to remove my tank top. As I lay naked before her, the only thing that went through my mind was, how I was gonna make her happy. What I could do to please her as she was about to please me. I had no experience with eating pussy or being in a lesbian relationship, but I knew that I wanted to experience those things with her. 

"Relax Baby. I want to make you cum all over my face." she smiled parting my legs. Revealing my pussy and ass to her. "What a beautiful wet pussy you have there. I can't wait to taste it." she smiled before diving into my sex. Her tongue flicked my clit before she trailed her way to my pussy and then my asshole. I couldn't help but moan loudly. If felt like nothing I'd ever felt in my life.

"Oh my God. That feels so good." I moaned my approval.

"Just wait Baby. This is just the beginning." she grinned up at me before diving back in. She sucked and licked and fucked my clit, pussy and ass royally. I came and came loudly, over and over again. Finally it was too much. I had to push my lovers face away from my pussy.

"Now, it's your turn Baby. I wanna give you the fuck you just gave me." I informed her as she removed her shorts and lay in front of me. 

"I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship." she giggled before I lowered my head to her thick, wet pussy. It was the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen in my life. My lover had the most amazing pussy there ever was and I was about to taste her. I extended my tongue, licking her clit as she had done to me before sticking it into her pussy, tongue fucking her. As my new neighbor/ lover writhed in pleasure, I held her legs tightly as my thumb rubbed her clit. I'd occasionally remove my tongue from her amazing pussy and lick and fuck her ass. She held the back of my head firmly to her pussy, grinding on my face. I was in heaven. I had given men blow jobs before and had had my pussy eaten out, but nothing compared to this. It was like nothing I'd ever experienced, and I never wanted to experience anything else in my life. I was a confirmed heterosexual until this experience, but now I was convinced that I was a lesbian. Eating a woman's pussy was what I was born to do. I knew society and probably my family would call me a carpet muncher, a dyke, a cunt licker, but I didn't care. This was the happiest I've ever been in my whole life. Eating this woman's pussy. Soon it was my turn to have my head pushed away. I crawled up my lovers body and shoved my tongue into her mouth. She tasted her own juices on me and I tasted my juices on her. "That was... wow." she giggled breaking our kiss.

"You're telling me? I have never been more satisfied or more complete as I am tonight. Thank you." I whispered caressing her soft chocolate face before placing a gentle, loving kiss on her plump, heavenly lips.

"No, thank you. You give as good as you get." she smiled caressing my hair, which was wet and sticky from our combined sweat and cum.

"Would you mind if I slept here tonight? I want to fall asleep in your arms and wake up the same way." I asked laying in her arms on the couch.

"Baby, I would love that. I never want to let you go." she whispered before kissing me again.