 I had just moved to Chicago for graduate school and bought an apartment. I didn't know anyone in the building, or in the city for that matter. So much of my time outside of class was spent in my apartment alone. One night I was coming back from getting some Chinese take-out when I saw my next-door neighbor standing in her doorway with some man. She kissed him goodbye and he walked down the hall past me. I figured he was her boyfriend and I said hi to him as he walked by. I looked at my neighbor still standing in her doorway. She was wearing a matching pink bra, panties, and garters. She was beautiful – average height, but way above average everything else. Long dark brown hair and piercing green eyes. Very exotic. I said hi to her, in an almost whisper, as I came to my door. I took out my keys and tried to open the door. I fumbled with my keys for a while because her standing there was making me very nervous. Eventually she went back into her apartment and shut her door. I let my head hit my door and sighed in embarrassment. I looked like such an idiot. I finally let myself in successfully and spent another night alone with the TV.

Two nights later I was taking my trash to the shoot. When I got back to my apartment I saw my neighbor standing in her doorway with her boyfriend again. She kissed him and he turned around to leave. I stopped in mid-step when I realized it was a different guy. I looked at the guy, then just kind of stared at my neighbor. She was standing in her doorway with black lingerie on this time, only with a sheer covering that came a little past her hips. When I realized I was staring at her, I immediately looked down because I knew it was none of my business if she was cheating on her boyfriend. 

"You should take a picture. It would last longer," she said.

"What?" I looked up in shock that she had spoken to me.

"You know, you have no right to judge me. You don't know me and the shit I have to deal with."

"What? I wasn't judging– anything," I said very confused.

"Yeah right. I know exactly what you think of me. You think I'm a slut, right?" I shook my head no, but she ignored it. "You know what, maybe you're right. Maybe I am. But this is my job and it pays good money. I don't always like the stuff I have to do, but it's a living. So until you've lived my life, you have no right to criticize mine." She went into her apartment and slammed her door.

I stood in the hallway for a bit longer, still kind of confused of what the hell had just happened. Then it hit me – she was an escort. I felt really bad for making her think I was labeling her. Shit, I didn't even realize what we were talking about! 

I saw her a few times over the next several days, but we said nothing to each other. I could feel her glaring at me though. She hated me because I had offended her in my ignorance. It wasn't fair, but what could I do? She already had her mind made up about me. One night I was typing a paper on my computer and I could hear noises coming from her apartment. I heard what sounded like screaming and some sort of thudding noise, but I just figured it was one of her weird sexual acts that she performed with her customers. I rolled my eyes and continued working, trying to tune them out. Then I heard something that I wasn't expecting.

"STOP! PLEASE!" I heard my neighbor scream.

I looked toward the wall that our two apartments shared in shock and walked closer to it to listen more carefully and make sure my ears weren't deceiving me.

"Please stop Gary!" I could hear the tears in her voice.

"SHUTUP!" The man said. "Keep crying and I'll cut you up even more!"

I couldn't believe it, I had to do something. I was about to call 911 but I knew it would take them too long to get there. She could be killed by then. I picked up my souvenir Cubs baseball bat and walked towards her room. I was terrified of what would happen, he could kill me too. But I had to try. I twisted her doorknob and it was unlocked so I walked back toward her bedroom as quietly as I could. I walked in and the lights were off, but the light from the hallway gave me enough light to see. When I could finally see what he was doing, I saw that he was holding a knife up to her neck and digging his knee into her ribs. One of her ears was bleeding very badly. She was crying and he continued to yell at her. She saw me above his shoulder and stopped crying for a second and just stared at me. He put more pressure on the knife on her neck and she closed her eyes and screamed. I pulled the bat above my head and swung down on his head as hard as I could. It knocked him unconscious. I hit him once more in the head just to be sure. She sat up on the bed and stared down at his unconscious body. I stuck my hand out to her to help her off the bed. She just looked back at me in shock at what had just happened.

"Come on!" I said to her.

She took my hand and got off of the bed. I took her to my apartment and began to call the police. 

"What are you doing?" She asked.

"Calling 911."

"You can't!"

"What!?"

"They'll arrest me if they find out I'm a hooker."

"You're an escort, not a hooker."

"What do you think an escort is? It's just a fancy name for hooker."

"Not always. But look, we don't tell them that. We just say – he's some guy you met at a bar or something and he went crazy." She didn't say anything. "If we don't, who knows what could happen? He could come back and try to hurt you again."

She nodded, "Ok. Call." 

I called the police and told them what happened. They said they would be there shortly. I told her what they said and she said okay. I then realized she was completely naked and became very nervous.

"I am so sorry." I looked down and tried to think of something to say. "I didn't realize you were, um-"

"It's okay. It's really not a big worry right now," she kind of laughed.

I looked up into her eyes and then back at the ground quickly. "Let me um, get you some clothes. I walked into my room and brought her back a t-shirt and shorts. When I handed them to her I saw just how bad her ear was.

"Oh my gosh." I said.

"That bad?" She looked at me worried.

"Um, it's a little bad." That was an understatement. I remembered the guy in her apartment just then and went to make sure he was still in there. I saw him still laying on the floor, so I closed her apartment door to make sure I'd hear if he tried to leave. I went back into my apartment and saw her sitting on the sofa in my clothes. She was sitting with her face in her hands, crying. I sat down beside her and rubbed her back.

"It's okay now."

She looked up at me and said, "Thank you."

"It's nothing," I said. We stared at each other for a while, then I remembered her ear. "Oh, let me get something for this." 

I walked into the bathroom and got some peroxide and cotton balls for cleanup. I came back out and sat back on the coffee table across from her.

"This might sting a little bit," I said before dabbing the peroxide on.

"I think I'll survive it."

I chuckled, then began cleaning off her ear. She grimaced from the burn. "Ah, sorry," I said. I blew on her ear and tried to fan it to cool it down. I continued cleaning it off and once I got through the layer of blood, I saw just how bad the cut was. He had sliced the top of her ear. "Damn, I think you're going to have to get stitches."

"Yea, probably so. I think he broke a rib too," she said, holding her stomach.

She had a black eye and other cuts on her face. "We should put some pressure on your ear at least," I said. 

I gave her a towel for her ear and got some ice for her eye. She layed down on the sofa and I sat down in front of her on the sofa. She held the towel on her ear and I held the ice on her eye. 

"I really don't know if ice helps a black eye, but it seemed like what you should do."

She just laughed in response. 

A moment later the police finally got there. We told them the - she met him at a bar story, and we got away with it without too many questions asked. They took him away in handcuffs and the paramedics looked at my neighbor's injuries. They decided to take her to the hospital, so I said bye to her at the ambulance. She thanked me again and was gone.

Two days later I had a knock on my door. It was her.

"Hi," she said with a smile.

"Hey," I said, a little surprised to see her.

"I just wanted to come by and really thank you again."

"No, it's fine, really. I'm glad I could help."

"You're so modest! You saved my life! I would probably be dead right now if you hadn't come in," she said, starting to cry.

"No, please don't cry," I said, rubbing her arm.

She covered her face and continued crying. I hugged her tightly and told her it's okay in her ear.

She took her hands down and pulled away a little bit. "I'm just really mad at myself because," she paused, "I was so mean to you that night. I'm so sorry."

"No, it's okay. To be honest, I didn't realize you were an escort until you said that. I just thought one of them was your boyfriend and you were cheating on whichever one wasn't."

She laughed and said, "I am so stupid."

"No you're not. You're not stupid at all."

We looked at each other for a while, still hugging, then she said, "Wow, you saved my life and I don't even know your name."

I smiled and said, "It's Lauren." 

"Well nice to meet you. I'm Katie."

"Good to know," I said.

She laughed, then we realized we were still holding each other. We stepped back from each other and both laughed nervously.

"So um," Katie began, "I know that I can never repay you for the other night, but I would like to do something for you. Dinner or laundry or, I don't know. Do you need anything?"

"I think I'm okay right now actually."

"Nothing? Groceries? Shoes? Um- a lamp?"

I laughed and said "No, really. I'm just glad you're okay."

She smiled and said "Okay then. Well I guess I'll see you around."

"Yeah, definitely." She started to walk away, then I said, "Hey Katie."

She turned around, "Yeah?"

"Um, you said something about dinner maybe, or something like that," I said very nervously.

"Yeah, I would definitely take you to dinner.

"Well would it be okay if, like one day, I, um, made you dinner?" I asked.

"You want to make me dinner?"

"Only if you want to have dinner with me."

"Well yeah, I would, but I wanted to do something for you."

"Um, you can get the ingredients?"

"Okay, I can do that."

"So, is um, tomorrow night okay?"

"Sure."

We smiled at each other and I said, "Okay."

"Okay," she said. "Well I'll see you tomorrow."

"Okay. Til tomorrow."

She said bye and walked back to her apartment.

Early the next afternoon she came by and got my grocery list. She brought the groceries back to my apartment and I started on dinner. I made penne pasta in a basil sauce and garlic bread. I bought a white zinfandel wine, only because it was recommended to me, I hoped she would like it. Once I finished making dinner and had gotten dressed and everything, I went out to the market down the street and bought Katie a single rose and baby's breath. I went back up to my apartment and gave it the once over to make sure everything was okay and check myself one more time. I walked over to Katie's apartment, with the rose behind my back, and knocked nervously. She opened the door and looked incredible. She was wearing a sleeveless pink dress and pink stilettos. Her hair was up and she smelled fantastic.

She greeted me with a smile and said, "Hi, how are you?"

"I'm good," I managed to stumble out. I remembered the rose behind me and I handed it to her. "This is for you."

"Really?" She asked, taking the flower. 

I kind of chuckled and said, "Yeah. Who else would it be for?"

"No, I know. It's just that," she paused, "I've never been given flowers before."

"Are you serious!?" I asked, in disbelief.

"Yeah," she said, a little embarrassed.

"Damn if I would have known I would have gotten you a much bigger bouquet."

She laughed, "No, this is great."

"I'm glad. Um, dinner is ready whenever you are."

"Okay, just let me put these in water." She laughed and said, "I've always wanted to say that!"

I laughed and waited for her to come back out. Once she was done we walked back over to my apartment and she sat down at the table. I poured her a glass of wine and made two plates for us. We talked during dinner and occasionally I would get a smile from her. As dumb as it may sound, it gave me butterflies every time she smiled. It was just so breathtaking. After dinner we sat on the sofa and watched some movie that was on TV. We had a few more glasses of wine and just kind of sat there. Katie broke the silence.

"Lauren," she said. I looked at her. "I was just wondering," she paused, "why did you give me that flower?" 

I laughed, "Why?" She shook her head yes. "Because, I um, you know, I-" I paused, "I like you."

"What? No one ever likes me," she said.

"What are you talking about?" 

"I mean, for sex, yeah. But never just me."

"You've never had a relationship?"

"Well of course but, they all ended badly. I cared for all of them a lot more than they did for me. So I just accepted that love wasn't for me. Sex just became work, I haven't had, you know, real sex, in – nearly three years."

"You don't miss it?" 

"Maybe a little bit. It's a lot different when it's for money though. You're so disconnected. You just lay there and wait for it to be over. You pretend to enjoy it, but you never do."

"It shouldn't be like that," I said, putting my hand on hers.

She looked down at my hand, then up at me. "Lauren, you don't want me."

"Why don't I?"

"I'm- a prostitute. My legs stay open like 7-11," she laughed.

I rubbed her hand more and said, "That's not funny."

"I know it's not. But it's easier to joke about it than really think about it. I just know that you can do better."

"Better? I think you're so incredible Katie. There is no 'better,'" I said.

"I'm a hooker Lauren, trust me, there's better."

"That's your past though and I don't care about that." I looked into her eyes, "I'm not one of your customers Katie, I just want you."

We stared at each other for a moment, then I leaned in to kiss her. It was short, but really sweet. I looked into her eyes again, then kissed her more passionately. My hands were running all over her back, trying so desperately to touch every inch of her that I could. When we broke the kiss again, I stood up and pulled her up without saying a word. I led her into my bedroom and laid her down on the bed. I stripped down to my underwear (keep in mind that we had finished a whole bottle of wine, so my inhibitions were significantly lowered) and got on top of her. We started making out and I ran my hand underneath her dress, all the way up to her chest. Before I did anything I wanted to make sure it would be okay with her. 

I stopped kissing her and asked, "Can I make love to you?"

She nodded yes, so I continued kissing her and massaging her breasts. I moved my hand down to the bottom of her dress and pulled it up to underneath her breasts. I kissed down her stomach and pulled down her panties while I was doing it. When I got down to her pussy I licked her lips for a long time, just to get her really hot. She started to grab my hair and move her hips along with my tongue. I finally moved up to her clit and began licking it and tickling it with my nose. She started moaning, so I began sucking the whole thing into my mouth. I was surprised how little time it took her to cum. I continued to lick and suck her until she was spent. I moved up beside her and laid my head on her chest. I kissed her collarbone and rested my arm across her stomach. I fell asleep soon after, with Katie in my arms. I woke up a while later to Katie feverishly trying to push me off of her.

"What are you doing!?" I asked.

She didn't say anything and started screaming. I saw that her eyes were still closed and realized that she must be having a nightmare. I tried to hold her arms down and wake her up.

"Katie! It's me! Wake up! Baby wake up!"

She started crying and continued trying to push me away.

"Leave me alone please! Don't!" She yelled.

"Katie, please. It's Lauren, you're okay." She finally opened her eyes completely and woke up. "Hey," I pulled her closer to me, "you're okay now. It was just a dream. You're okay baby."

She buried her head into my neck and started sobbing. I rubbed her back with my right hand and ran my left hand through her hair. I kissed her shoulder and then the side of her face.

"No one's going to hurt you, you're safe here. I'll never let anyone hurt you again."

She finally looked up at me and said, "Just don't leave me Lauren. I don't want to be alone right now."

"I'm not going anywhere."

She gave me a quick smile and rubbed my face. She laid down and so I did the same. We both looked at the ceiling in silence for a while. I felt Katie moving so I looked over at her. She had started crying again. I turned on my side and wrapped my arms around her waist. She turned to me and continued crying. I held her until she fell asleep, when the sun was beginning to come up. I knew she was exhausted from all the crying and the entire ordeal. I stroked her face and her hair and watched her lying there so peacefully. I looked all over her face, the scars were beginning to heal. But even with them, she was still so beautiful. Watching her tear-stained face in the burgeoning sunlight, I could feel my heart race. I was falling for her. A little later I finally fell asleep. 

When I woke up Katie was gone. I sat up and looked out the window, wondering if I had done something wrong. Maybe I had come on too strong. I laid back down and just stayed there, restless, for hours. I finally got up around 4, took a shower and threw a t-shirt and sweats on. I ate some chips and stretched out in front of the TV. I couldn't stop thinking about Katie though. Around 9 there was a knock at my door. I opened it and it was Katie.

"Hey," I said.

"Hey. Lauren, I'm really sorry about last night."

"Yeah, well I'm sorry about this morning." 

"I know you're really mad at me right now, and-"

"I'm not mad at you," I interrupted. "I just don't understand what made you leave? I mean, did I do something wrong?

"No, you didn't do anything at all. Last night was- it was really nice."

"So what was it then?"

She sighed and said, "I don't trust a lot of people anymore. Actually, I don't really trust anyone anymore. The only person I have in the world is my mother and she's really sick right now. It was only me, her and my brother and he took all the money we had and left. So we had to start over with basically nothing and now I have to pay all of her doctor's bills and all of her other expenses. That's why I took this job. I've never told her where I get the money from because I know it would kill her if she ever found out."

"Wow. I'm really sorry."

"So you can kind of see where my trust issues come from. But then I meet you," she smiled, "and I want to trust you, and you're so sweet to me. But I'm terrified of that at the same time. I don't want to fall for you."

I put my hand over my heart and said with a half-smile, "No, fall for me. Please fall for me."

"Well I guess you did save my life, right?" She kind of laughed.

I reached out and held her hand. "I would do everything I could to make you happy." Katie's eyes filled with tears and she stepped in closer to hug me. "Do you realize that you have cried everytime we've been together? This isn't good Katie." She laughed. 

She pulled back and said, "You know that dream I had last night? 

"Yeah."

"I've had it every night since – you know. But I was never able to fall back asleep until last night. When I was with you."
