 "Lauren. Lauuuuren," I heard someone sing.

I slowly woke up to Katie kissing my neck. She was sitting on the bed leaning down over me. I was still naked from the night before.

"Mmm," I said sleepily.

"Good morning beautiful."

"Morning," I smiled back at her.

"I just wanted to say bye to you before I left."

"No, don't go," I said, reaching out to hold her waist.

"Baby, I have to. I don't want to be late."

Katie had quit her job and moved in with me. She now worked at a kiosk in the mall and everything was going great for us. I know you usually get tired of your girlfriend or boyfriend after a while, but I always wanted to be with her. Life with Katie never got old.

"Just stay for a little bit longer." I sat up and whispered in her ear, "I promise it won't take too long."

She moaned while I kissed her ear, then she pushed me back.

"I wish I could," she said, biting her bottom lip, "but I can't babe." 

I stared at her with bedroom eyes, begging her to stay, and challenging her to leave.

She sighed and started unbuttoning her pants. "If I get fired today-"

I stood up and pushed her down on the bed. "It would have been worth it," I said with a smile. 

I pulled her pants down and kneeled in between her legs. She scooted forward to the edge of the bed and I pushed her legs apart. Knowing that we were short on time, I went to work immediately on eating her out. I licked along the inside of her lips, then separated them with them with my two fingers. I licked two of the fingers on my other hand and began rubbing her. She moaned and slipped a hand underneath her shirt. I licked the two fingers again and began thrusting them in and out of her. She closed her eyes and let her head fall backwards. Her hips began moving in rhythm with my fingers. I started licking her clit and continued fingering her. After a few moments, she placed her hand on the back of my head and tried to push my mouth further in. I stopped fingering her and focused solely on sucking her clit. She started bucking harder and harder, and I eventually had to put both of my arms over each of her thighs, just to try and keep her somewhat on the bed. After she came I continued sucking her trying to get her to reach a second orgasm. 

"Stop, stop, stop," Katie said out of breath, raising my face up to hers.

"What is it? What's wrong?"

"I need to have a little energy at work today, don't I?" She asked with a smirk.

"Mmm," I said disappointed. "I guess so."

We kissed and then Katie pulled away.

"Damn, I love quickies," she said standing up.

I pulled her pants up from around her ankles and stood up too. I held onto her unfastened belt and pulled her close to me.

"Well I hate them," I said.

"Why!?"

I leaned in so that my lips were barely grazing hers. "Because when I make love to you, I like to give you one hundred percent," I said in a whisper. I kissed her and she moaned into my mouth.

"Damn. I really have to go baby," Katie said. 

I sighed, "I know, I know. I'll miss you while you're at work though."

She kissed me and then smiled and said, "I'll miss you too."

We kissed again then I said, "I love you, Katie."

"I love you too," she said back in a near-whisper. She leaned in and kissed me lightly, but slowly, on the lips. I kept my eyes closed as she pulled away trying to keep the moment for as long as I could. "Bye baby."

I opened my eyes to see her walk out of the room. I layed back down and just thought about how great my luck had become. I nodded back off to sleep a little later.

When Katie came in that evening she brought some Chinese food for dinner. We sat on the sofa eating dinner and watching some cheesy Lifetime movie. By 10 or so Katie had fallen asleep on my shoulder. I wanted to go lay down in the bedroom but I didn't want to wake her up. My girl was so exhausted. So I stayed there and just fell asleep on the sofa as well. I woke up first and had to get ready for my class. I got dressed and got ready to go. I left Katie sleeping on the couch and just gave her a quick kiss on the forehead before I left. I had an incredibly busy day and got back home around 9:30 that night. Katie was in the kitchen getting something to drink. I walked in and hugged her from behind.

"Hello gorgeous," I said, kissing her cheek. 

"Hey."

"How was your day?"

"It was fine," she said, turning around to face me. She gave me a quick smirk then went to sit down.

I thought she was being kind of weird, but I ignored it and went to sit with her on the sofa. She was wearing a tank top and a small pair of red shorts. Her hair was down and she wasn't wearing any makeup. I thought she looked most beautiful like this. She was stunning. I scooted closer to her so I could begin to make a move.

"Damn baby, you look incredible," I said, while moving in kiss her. While kissing her I began pulling the straps of her tank top down. I moved away from her lips to begin kissing her bare shoulder. As I pulled the strap down more I began kissing further down her arm. 

"Lauren," she said, but I ignored her. "Lauren stop. Stop!" She said moving back from me.

"What's wrong?"

"I don't feel like doing this right now."

"Why not?"

"I'm just not in the mood okay."

"It's been like two days since we last did it though. That's a long time for us," I said, chuckling a little.

"Am I only sex to you?"

"What? No, of course not. Are you serious?"

"I just don't want to be pressured into having sex all the time. I want to be more than just ass to you."

"Baby, you're everything to me," I said, as I started to rub her thigh.

"Well quit treating me like I'm your whore," she said, pushing my hand off of her leg.

I sat there in disbelief for a moment and then just said "whatever." I got up and went into the bedroom. I layed down on the bed and buried my face into the pillow. A few minutes later Katie came to the door.

"Lauren," she said, standing in the doorway.

I lifted my head and turned to look at her.

"I'm really sorry for out there, I just um-"

"You just what? What's wrong?" I stood up and walked to her. "Please talk to me."

"At work today. I um, I saw one of my former – customers."

"Oh baby. I'm sorry. Did he say something to you?"

"No, not really. But he was with his wife-"

"Wow."

"Yeah. And I could just like, feel him looking at me and thinking about me – in THAT way."

"Ah, Katie-"

"And once they walked away he turned back around and did this to me," Katie showed me the oral sex gesture he had made towards her. "I felt so cheap Lauren."

"You're not though. Not at all."

"I just, I don't know. I'm not happy with myself right now. I feel like I need to figure out what I'm going to do with my life."

"Well that's good babe! You should find something that makes you happy."

Katie kind of smiled at me and said, "Yeah." She rubbed my face and walked back into the living room.

I went to take my shower and fell asleep, alone, soon after.

The next morning I woke up to rustling around the room. Once I sat up the rustling had went into the living room. I got up and walked in to see Katie about to walk out of the door. 

"Katie?"

She had two pieces of luggage with her and looked to be in a hurry.

"Lauren," she turned around, shocked to see me up.

"What are you doing?"

"I um, I got to go."

"What? Go where?" I asked, very confused.

She sighed and set her luggage down. She walked closer to me and said, "I have to leave here."

"You have to leave the apartment? I don't understand Katie, you don't have to go anywhere-"

"It's not just this apartment," she interrupted, "I need to leave this neighborhood, this city, this life! Lauren," she paused, then looked up at me, "I have to leave you."

"Me? Are you unhappy here?"

"No, it's been really good here, I could never thank you enough for everything you have done for me."

"Katie, I don't want your thanks, I just want your love." She looked down and didn't say anything. My heart sank. "You do love me, right?" Silence for another moment. My heart crumbled. "Katie?"

"I don't know."

"You don't know!?"

"Lauren, I love you and I care about you, but I'm just not sure yet if I'm in love with you."

"Oh." What else could I say?

"It's just that this relationship started so quickly and it felt like I was so dependent on you. I need to find out if I can make it alone. If I knew that I could be independent and be fine by myself, I think that it would be better for both of us. It would make us stronger."

"But do you have to go? I mean – I don't even know where you're going."

"I don't know either."

"What are you going to do?" Katie shrugged her shoulders and shook her head to indicate that she didn't know that either. "What am I supposed to do?"

"I don't know. It's just something I have to do Lauren. I'm sorry, I don't know what else to say."

I just looked at the ground in shock of what she had just told me. After a moment she reached her hand up to my chin and tilted it down to try and kiss me. I moved my mouth away from hers. I couldn't kiss her after that. She looked at me with eyes quickly filling with tears, and smiled a smile that quickly faded. She turned and walked out of the door. I ran to the door and yelled to her down the hallway, "When will you be back?"

She turned around and said, "I don't know."

"Call me. Just – let me know you're okay, please."

She shook her head in agreement, gave a quick smile and continued down the hallway. I watched her until she turned the corner, then I went back into my apartment and shut the door. I looked around my apartment. It felt so cold and foreign to me now. It was so empty. And my heart felt the same way.

Days went by, then weeks, then months. I never heard anything from Katie. I still thought about her from time to time, but it had definitely lessened since she first left. I buried myself into school and tried to give myself as little idle time as possible. I didn't think about Katie or dating or anything else, just work. 

For that reason alone, I was caught by much surprise one Friday afternoon when I was leaving campus. I had packed up my backpack and was about to walk out of the department office. I walked by the receptionist's desk. Her name was Ashley and she was an undergraduate student. I never talked to her a lot, but I usually said hi or bye or something, just to be polite. She looked up and smiled as I walked by.

"Bye, have a good weekend," I said.

"Thanks, you too."

I continued walking out of the office, but was stopped a few seconds later.

"Hey Lauren." 

I turned to see Ashley standing in the doorway. "Yeah."

She walked a little closer and said, "I was just wondering, if you weren't busy, maybe you would like to hang out this weekend?"

I never would have expected her to ask me out. I thought she was straight. Almost every male student that came into the office would hit on her. I had never realized how beautiful she was before though. Maybe because she was blonde and I am usually attracted to brunettes immediately. 

"Oh. Well, um-"

"Hey, if you don't want to, it's totally okay," she laughed nervously.

"No, it's not that. I just haven't been on a date in – a while." I looked up to see the fear of rejection in her gorgeous brown eyes. As much as I wanted to say no and continue being anti-social, I knew I needed to start moving on and accept that Katie was gone. "But you know, it would be good to hang out with someone, so sure."

She smiled and said, "Okay. So um, is tomorrow okay?

"Yeah. I'll give you my phone number."

Ashley put my number into her phone and I left to go home. 

The next day Ashley picked me up and we decided to go see a movie and go to dinner. The evening went really well, especially dinner. I got to know her a lot better and realized there was a lot more to her than the Barbie, party-girl stereotype I had originally pegged her with. Once we got back to my apartment we had the awkward – do we or don't we kiss moment.

"I really liked hanging out with you tonight," Ashley said, breaking the silence.

"Yeah, it was really fun."

After another moment Ashley leaned over and kissed me lightly on the lips. She opened her eyes and then turned to look out of her window, covering her mouth.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have – sorry," she said.

"No, it's okay," I said, reaching over to touch her arm.

She turned back to face me and we just stared at each other for a moment. I leaned in to kiss her and smiled at her once I pulled away.

"Well, I guess I should go ahead in," I said.

"Okay," she smiled back at me.

"Goodnight."

"Goodnight Lauren."

I got out of the car and went up to my apartment. I felt so good, better than I had felt in a long time. 

When I got to the office Monday Ashley hadn't come in yet. I went into my little coat closet of an office and began on some work. A few hours later there was a knock on my door. I said "come in," and it was Ashley. 

"Hey," I said, very excited to see her.

"Hey."

"Please, sit down," I said motioning to the chair across from me.

She closed the door and sat down, "How are you?"

"I'm okay, just grading some papers and other boring stuff," I laughed. "How are you?"

"Kind of sleepy, I just got out of class."

"Do you work today?"

"No, not until tomorrow."

"Oh okay."

"Um, when I was in class, I couldn't stop thinking about this weekend."

"What'd you do this weekend?" I joked.

She looked up in shock.

I laughed and said, "I'm just joking."

She laughed too and said, "I was freaking out, I didn't think I had done that bad Saturday."

"No, not at all. You were – you were great."

She smiled and looked down for a moment. "I was wondering if you'd like to go out again sometime?"

"Yeah, definitely."

"Okay, good good. I'm going to go back to my room and take a nap, so I will call you later?"

"Sure."

"Okay."

Then we had the moment of whether to shake hands, hug or kiss. We laughed and then Ashley kissed me.

"Bye," she said.

"Bye," I said, watching her walk out the door.

Ashley and I went out several times over the next couple of weeks and she would often come to my office for make-out sessions. One day there was a knock at my office door and it was Ashley.

"Well, hello," I said, spinning my chair around to face her.

"Hi," she said smiling and locking the door. She walked over to me and sat on my lap. "I missed you."

"I missed you too."

We began kissing and Ashley eventually moved to straddle me. My hands were running all over her back and both of our breathing patterns had shortened. We were interrupted by a knock on the door.

"Shit," I said.

Ashley got up and I told her to sit in the chair across from mine. I tried to fix myself up a little and opened the door. It was a student coming to talk about one of his grades.

"Hey, I'm just finishing up with another student, just give me about two minutes, okay?"

He said that's fine, and I closed the door again. 

"Damn it," Ashley said, walking up to me and wrapping her arms around my waist.

"I know." I leaned my forehead against hers and said, "Will you come back in a little bit?"

She kissed me and said, "Of course." She brushed her clothes down and winked at me before walking out of the door. 

The other student came in and we talked for about 15 minutes. He left and Ashley came back about 5 minutes after that.

"Excuse me, I came to talk about my grade," she said, pretending to be one of my students.

I sat on my desk facing her and said, "What seems to be the problem?"

She shut the door and walked towards me, "Well, I think I'm in danger of failing this class." She ran her finger down the side of my face, neck, and onto the front of my shirt. "I was just wondering if there was – anything, I could to for extra credit?"

"There's one thing I can think of that may help you," I said, pulling her so that she was standing in between my legs. 

I rested my hands on the small of her back and she ran her hands through my hair. She pulled me up, while still kissing me, and pushed me against a wall. She ran her hands down my sides and put her hands on my waist. She left my lips to start kissing and licking my neck. By the time she got to my collarbone, she had started unbuckling my belt. She unfastened my pants and had started pulling them down.

"Ashley, Ashley," I said, pulling my pants back up.

She looked up at me, "What's wrong?"

"We can't do this right now."

"Why not?"

"We're at work!" I said, chuckling a little. 

"Is it really because we're at work or is it something else?"

Ashley and I hadn't had sex yet, but I had told her about Katie and I. 

I sighed and said, "Ashley, you know why."

She put her hand on the bottom of my chin so that I had to look at her, "What are you afraid of Lauren?" I looked down again and didn't say anything. "You're afraid of being hurt again?" 

I looked back up at her because she was exactly right. I laughed nervously and tried to disagree with her.

"I'm not going to hurt you."

After a moment I said, "I just can't have my heart broken like that again. Not this soon anyway."

"Lauren," she said, putting her hands on my face, "I won't hurt you." She put her right hand over my heart and looked into my eyes, "And I won't break your heart. I'm not Katie."

I shook my head in agreement, but wasn't sure of what I should say back.

She sighed and kissed me. "I'll see you later, huh?"

I shook my head again and smiled at her briefly.

The next night she called me and asked if she could come over and I told her yes. She came over and we sat on the sofa talking for a while. Eventually the topic of sex came up and I told her that I wanted to be with her, but I was terrified of it too. She eventually scooted closer and put her hand under the side of my shirt and rubbed my bare skin. 

She kissed my ear and whispered, "Don't think, just do."

I turned to her and started kissing her passionately. Everything that I had been trying to repress was coming out. I stood up and led her into my bedroom. Once we got there I turned the sheets down and Ashley sat me down on the bed. She slowly undressed and pulled the ponytail holder out of her hair, letting her wavy hair fall onto her shoulders and down her back. She took off her bra, never taking her eyes off of mine and then leaned down to take off her panties. She bent down to kiss me and I stood up to wrap my arms around her. She broke the kiss and moved her hands to begin unbuttoning my shirt. She pulled it off of my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Then she unfastened my pants and pulled them down along with my panties. I stepped out of them and when Ashley straightened back up she ran her hands up along my thighs and then around to my back. She unsnapped my bra and threw it on the ground. 

She looked me up and down, "Damn. You're beautiful Lauren."

I smiled and said, "So are you."

I layed down and Ashley got in beside me. We began kissing and I got on top of Ashley. We intertwined our legs and began grinding ourselves against the other's leg. Ashley rolled me over so that she was on top. She whispered some very hot things in my ear and started moving her hips a lot faster. I started tensing up and I knew that orgasm was close.

Ashley whispered in my ear, "Cum for me baby."

I came and Ashley slowed her movements down. She didn't give me time to recover though. She moved down in between my legs and pushed my legs apart. She licked up some of what had come out and began licking my slit up and down. She stopped on my clit and began making circles around it slowly with her tongue. It felt like it was going to explode if she didn't make direct contact with it soon. She finally licked my clit and I almost flew off of the bed. She held my legs down on the bed, but my hips continued bucking toward her. She sucked my clit harder and harder until I came again. I was so spent once she finished, I just laid there not able to move. Ashley held me while the aftershocks went through my body. Once I opened my eyes again, I looked at Ashley and smiled at her. She smiled back at me and then kissed me. We laid there in silence for a while and then I got on top of Ashley. I began kissing down her neck and licked around her collarbone. 
