 Danica watched from her bedroom window as Kim was led to his car. Kim was wearing a light pink dress and had those cute white sandals on. Danica's face was wet with tears and she pressed her forehead to the cold glass. Zach was nice, smart, and kind, but he wasn't her. Danica watched Kim enter the car and heard the tires squeal as he drove off.

Danica and Kim had met just over two months ago and were lovers. They didn't necessarily sneak around, but hadn't been up front with everyone either. Danica's father was always away on business and Kim's mother worked long hours. This meant that the two girls spent hours together either in Danica's backyard enjoying the pool, or inside watching television. Either way, a normal innocent activity would almost always turn into a lovemaking session with both of them hot and sweaty.

Danica wiped away the tears and sat on her bed. She replayed the fight they had had last week. It had started innocently with Danica mentioning how they never held hands or kissed when out in public. Kim had brushed it off, but Danica had persisted. Finally Kim had blurted out how she didn't want anyone to know she was a lesbian. Danica had burst into tears and Kim had run home. Danica's dad was in Australia for two weeks so she had spent the last week alone in the huge mansion.

Danica wandered down the grand staircase. Everything in her house was perfect. The maid came twice a week and kept the place spotless. The chef was here once a week and cooked enough food for Danica to enjoy for the upcoming week. Danica hated herself. She thought everything was going well and then Kim had broken up with her. She didn't want to think of Kim, but it was difficult. They had made love in every room of the house and no matter what she did; she couldn't get the image of Kim out of her head. She walked into the kitchen and remembered the time they had had a food fight. It had ended with them licking the fruit off each other.

Danica sat in the living room and wrote in her journal. It had been an idea of her therapist to write a journal of her thoughts and emotions. She had been going to Dr. Jones for almost five years and she was great. Danica didn't realize how long she had been writing in her journal, but was startled when her doorbell rang. It was almost midnight and she was a little worried as to who was at her door. She looked at the security camera and gasped when she saw it was Kim. She unlocked the door and stared at her. 

"Let me in. Please." Kim's voice was hoarse and she was limping a bit. Her hair was a mess and she was barefoot and holding one shoe in her hand.

"What happened?" Danica was seriously concerned for Kim's well being.

"I love you. God I love you. Zach wanted to have sex. I said no. I wasn't aroused." Kim was kissing Danica while talking. "I only want you. He made me walk home. I can't go home in this condition." 

"You're having a shower. Come." Danica led Kim up the stairs and into her private bathroom. She turned on the shower and let the water heat up. Danica's bathroom was almost the same size as a normal size bedroom. The walk in shower had glass doors and had three showerheads. Danica helped Kim remove her clothes and then guided her into the shower. Kim lathered up her hair and then soaped up her body. Danica just watched in awe. Kim was tall and thin and had small breasts. Her nipples were rock hard, even from the hot water and her pussy was freshly waxed.

"Get in here sweetie. Please?" Kim was pouting. She always did that when she wanted something. She jutted her bottom lip out and smiled.

"You won't let me say no will you?" Danica grinned and removed her jeans and sweater. She stepped into the water and hugged Kim tight. Kim began to sob quietly. Danica ran her tongue against Kim's wet shoulder and began to suck on her smooth skin. She wanted to make her feel better and knew this was the only way.

"I love you too." Danica held Kim tight and ran her finger down her body. She stopped at her breasts and made tiny circles around her nipples. She then moved down further and fingered her navel ring. Danica moaned as she moved her hand down and felt Danica's bare pussy lips.

"Cum for me Kim." Danica moved her fingers lightly over Kim's clit. She was barely touching her, but the moans and whimpers indicated she was enjoying it. Danica pressed her lips against Kim's and kissed her hard. Her fingers moved faster, making Kim pant harder.

"Oh God this feels so good." Kim was clinging to Danica as her legs began to shake. Her clit was throbbing and Danica was barely touching it. Danica pulled away and looked deep into Kim's eyes. She pushed hard against Kim's clit and watched as Kim cried out in pleasure. Her whole body shook and Danica could feel the blood rushing against her clit.

"Sleep with me tonight." Danica whispered the words. They were a statement, not a question. The two girls climbed out of the shower and after drying off crawled into Danica's king size bed. They wrapped their arms and legs around each other and fell asleep listening to each other breath.