 I knew I was interested in her the minute I saw her.

She was beautiful; light red hair, and pale blue eyes. Milky white skin with some freckles. Short, but not too short. Slim, but not too thin. Curves, but not too many. She said she had the body of a 10 year old boy. I disagree. I think she had the body of a 19-year old girl at the time, and man was she gorgeous. 

She and I got to know each other better, after we were introduced over lunch. We would occasionally hang out, when the group did. And sophomore year of college went on.

Then it was suggested we all get a suite. I was filled with excitement to live with my new friends. I was excited for people to CHOOSE me, want to live with me, want to hang out with me all the time. And I was excited to live with her. I knew it was wrong. You can't date a suitemate, a roommate, a friend.

More importantly, you can't date a straight girl when you are bisexual and in the closet anyways. But you can hope.

And so junior year went on, we got closer. We would talk. I realized that there was more to you than I thought initially, and that made you more beautiful. You were supportive, you were kind. We would try to take classes together.

But it is awkward to have a crush on a girl you live with. A straight girl, no less. How can this ever happen? You can dream. Junior year went on, and we decided to live in a house. Just a few friends.

We took our selfies, we went to the library. Things were great. But I would hope that instead of a casual hang-out in our living room, we would be making out on the couch. Instead of a road trip to her house and sleeping on the floor, we would be in her bed. That instead of her talking about a cute boy, she'd be talking about me.

One day, our male housemate decided to have a houseparty. José was always into drinking, dancing, hooking up with girls. It usually bothered me, because I had homework to do in my room. But tonight I was free, and was looking to blow off steam.

The party started with just a few people, then more and more people arrived and filled our tiny house. 

I drank more rum and cokes as she drank more whiskey sours. 

The LED lights in our living room pulsed and the people danced. I drank and danced and she drank and laughed as she became more carefree.

I had been with guys before, a few times...but I had never enjoyed it. And I know that she had never been with anyone. So innocent. All the more reason to not ask her out, or tell her about my feelings. 

But the alcohol loosened my tongue and my body, and I danced closer and closer to her.

She laughed, equally carefree, and pulled me closer to her.

We were drunk and laughing and dancing and smiling and dancing and drunk.

Our faces pressed closer and closer together as the jarring bodies pushed us closer together. The music was loud, but my heart was beating louder.

I had my chance and I seized it.

I pressed my lips to hers, softly, briefly, waiting to hear a negative response. Instead, she let go of my hands, and put her hands on the small of my back. She started to kiss me back too.

Her lips tasted like lemons from the drinks she had been making, and they were as soft as I'd imagined. We were kissing so innocently, yet I was finally kissing the girl I had been in love with for two years.

She murmured that maybe we shouldn't be doing this in public.

I nodded and quietly suggested that we move to a bedroom instead.

I held my breath, waiting for her to become disgusted. Say she liked boys and only boys. Say that she wanted to stay for José and the party.

But she surprised me. My cute housemate surprised me. She said sure, and turned to go up the stairs.

I followed her up the stairs and we went into her room. She closed the door, and I stood in the middle of her room, my heart beating loudly.

She walked up to me, all blue eyes and white skin and red hair and dimples and smiling.

She put her arms around me and pulled my face to hers. I kissed her deeply, passionately. I kissed her like I had never kissed anyone before.

She softly pulled away and whispered "I didn't know you liked me, too."

I know my expression was all surprise and shock when I responded, "too? I've had a crush on you forever!" 

She smiled and said that I was the reason she never dated. She was hoping that someday we would become an item. 

I was overjoyed. I pulled her close again, and we kissed longer. Deeper. Passionately. Her tongue darted into my mouth again and again, and I put my hands in her soft red hair. 

I couldn't handle this, my dream, any longer. I put my hands on the bottom of her shirt and pulled her shirt off. I had seen her with her bra only before, but never in this way. She took my shirt off too. We were standing there in our bras, and I still felt overdressed.

I lightly nudged her towards the bed, and she took my hint. She lay down on her soft flowery comforter, and I climbed on top of her, kissing her lips...her neck, her chest. I reached my hand up, and pulled her bra down. 

Finally, I was seeing her beautiful, perky breasts. She unhooked her bra, and tossed it onto her floor.

"Kiss me..." she whispered, and I obliged. I kissed her roughly on her mouth, and then down down down until I was near her breasts. I cupped her small, perky tits in my hands and grasped them. I squeezed them gently, and she let out a moan. I put my mouth onto her nipple, licking and biting the small pink nub. 

I sat up, and unhooked my bra too, tossing it on the floor also.

"We're still overdressed." I announced, and she giggled. We were sobering up, but still heavily intoxicated. I nudged the button of her pants, and whispered, "overdressed." 

She blushed, and wiggled out of her pants. I took off my skirt, and now we were both in our panties.

"Lay down." I commanded, and she scooted back until she was on her pillow. 

"Yes ma'am." She smiled.

I crawled part way up the bed, and put my hand on top of her panties. "Are you ready to do this?" 

I was nervous. I had never been with a woman before, and she was a complete virgin. But I was ready for this, and she nodded...so was she.

I pulled her panties down, exposing the soft red hair on top of her pussy. 

I moaned. She was beautiful. I pulled her panties all the way off, and tossed them to the ground.

I couldn't resist. I put my whole face in her beautiful, glorious pussy. I inhaled her sweet scent, and grasped my hand on her firecrotch.

I opened my mouth, licking up and down the folds of her body that had never been explored before. I started to lick her clitoris, gently, and in circles. I moved my hand down so it was closer to the entrance of her body. "Can I?" I whispered.

"Yessss..." my beautiful girl moaned.

I gently inserted my index finger into her vagina, continuing to lick her pussy. I stroked her inner lining, feeling the rough ridges of her vaginal canal. I knew what had felt good when I masturbated, so I did the same thing to her. I inserted another finger, and ran them in and out of her vagina. I stroked, come-hither, and her body contorted. 

Suddenly she let out a loud moan, her back arching, and then slamming onto the bed. I felt her sexual liquid coming out of her body as her vagina contracted against my fingers. I licked and licked at the delicious fluids that were coming out of her body. 

"Unnffff..." she moaned. "That. Was. Incredible."

"Thank you..." I slurred.

"Now I'll do you." She said, rolling off of her pillow. 

I moved up on the bed, as she moved my panties down. She had heard me talk about sex before, and she had taken a class on human sexuality, so I hoped that she knew enough to be doing what she was doing.

She did.

She rammed several fingers into my vagina, and started to lick my clit. I tossed my head back and closed my eyes. Her tongue felt incredible.

She started to stroke my g-spot and it was all I could do to keep from screaming. She was better than all my past lovers combined. 

However, I was regretting all that I had drank before, because I was starting to feel tired. 

"I think I need to call it a night..." I murmured. "Too much to drink..."

"Okay." She said, but then quickly added, "Stay here tonight. Cuddle with me."

She tore off the covers, and we slid into bed together, our arms encircling each other.

"I'm so glad I finally got to tell you how I feel...let's do this again sober?" she asked, kissing me.

"Yes. Please." I put my mouth onto hers. "Yes, let's do this again, PLEASE."