 First off, let me tell you a little about myself. I'm . . . older. Don't ask my age, it's impolite, rude really, but I will tell you I graduated high school in the early 70s. That should tell you all you need to know.

The good thing is I've never looked my age, Whenever I went out to a bar or club I got asked for my ID until I was in my 30s, where the people I hung out with got served while still underage. Hell, I remember one time three of us met for lunch and I was the only one of legal age and I was the only who got carded. Go figure.

I'm of average height, a little on the thin side but with enough curves in all the right places. My face is a bit angular but every one is always telling me how good looking I am. I don't see it, but then again, I'm prejudice.

I've dealt with a lot of shit in my life but think I'm much stronger for it. It took a suicide attempt about ten years ago to bring things to a head.

I had taken a bunch of Percocet, 39 as a matter of fact, strange how I remember that number so clearly. Anyway, as I lay there on the couch I asked myself if this is what I really wanted and in a moment of clarity, I decided it wasn't.

Long story, short, I called 911 was rushed to the hospital, made to drink a god-awful concoction of activated charcoal mixed with chocolate syrup to absorb the poisonous chemicals. It was so sickly sweet I wanted to vomit but they duly informed me if I did they'd just get more and I'd have to start over.

Needless to say, I forced myself to keep it down. From the Hospital I was sent to a in-treatment clinic in a neighboring community. The first day was really rough as I hadn't had any sleep for the past 36 hours.

After that I buckled down and did what I needed to get the hell out of there. I'm pretty damn independent and have trouble with authority figures. I quickly came to the conclusion that I didn't like it there, wanted to get out as soon as possible and never wanted to end up back there.

That's not to say it was a bad place. The staff was fantastic and really helped me start to get my shit together. After the longest ten days of my life I was finally released to go home with the stricture I had to enter an outpatient program.

I eventually did (the last couple of days at the clinic I started to come down with something and it took three different courses of antibiotics to finally kick whatever damn disease I'd picked up).

I mention all of this because it ties in with the title character. After going through the process and coming out the other side in a much better place, I looked for a way to do something to give back, or pay it forward.

Shortly after being released from the outpatient program I saw a listing for becoming a Certified Peer Specialist. It seemed just what I was looking for.

I applied and got accepted and completed the intense two week course. Duly certified by the state, I went looking for a job. After looking around I was able to land a part-time position at the facility where I went for my outpatient treatment and where I still meet with my therapist.

I remember it clearly, I was walking down the hall to the room I would be using to meet with one of my clients when I spotted her.

Now I need to say up front, I'm not normally a fan of people who dye their hair strange colors. I really hate those people who do what I call the Easter Egg Dye job on their hair. All one monotone one color, looking like they dunked their head in a vat of dye.

But there was just something about the way hers was done that caught my attention.

First of all it was blue but not just any blue or totally blue. It went from white through a multitude of different shades from light blue to royal and other than that the color looked perfectly natural.

It floated and dance about her face in luscious waves, framing her features perfectly.

She was walking with someone else and chatting away happily or I would have made a comment about how beautiful I thought her hair was. I really was sorely tempted but let the opportunity slip by. Something I kicked myself repeatedly over.

Just as we were passing her eyes flitted over and met mine. I felt like I'd been struck by lightning. There was an instant connection, a visceral reaction, my stomach clenched, my heart began to race, my breath caught in my throat, my mouth went dry and yes, I felt my pussy spasm.

The thing was I was positive she felt something similar from the look in her eyes.

Then as quickly as it happened, it was over. She continued walking and so did I as I had my appointment to prepare for.

The thing was, I couldn't get her out of my head. This surprised me as I'd never considered being attracted to another woman but there was just something about her that drove me to distraction.

I'll admit that for the first time a couple of nights later I masturbated fantasizing about her as I lay in bed. I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life.

Every time I went to work I looked for her but didn't see her again.

Well my job there didn't last that long. Did I mention I have problem with authority figures? Dealing with the clients was fine, dealing with the insane policies, petty politics and the egos of others made it impossible for me to continue working there.

Though I still went there one day a month for my own therapy appointments, I never saw her there again, though I still couldn't get her out of my head.

The thing about living in a small town is that sooner or later you'll usually run into just about everyone, and so it was with the Girl with the Blue Hair. In reality she was a young woman. I'm horrible guessing peoples ages and she could have been anywhere from her early twenties to approaching forty.

I was shopping at the local mega-mart when I heard this soft sweet voice behind me. "Hi, I hope I'm not being to forward, but I think I recognize you."

Turning toward to voice I was stunned to see the girl with the blue hair. As soon as our eyes met, I felt exactly like the first time we laid eyes on one another.

I know I must have looked like a blithering idiot as my mouth opened and closed several times without making a sound.

She smiled and giggled, a sound so musical I almost melted right there in the aisle.

"Hi," I finally got out, somewhat breathlessly. "I'm Stephanie but all my friends call me Steph" I introduced myself.

"Then I'll definitely call you Steph," she giggled. "My name is Samantha but all my friends call me Sam."

"Pleased to meet you Sam," I laughed.

"Would you like to go get a cup of coffee?" she asked shyly.

Like an idiot I almost blew it by giving my automatic answer. "I don't drink coffee."

I saw her crestfallen look and realized what I'd done. "But I can have a cup of tea or hot chocolate," I hurriedly added, hoping I hadn't blown it.

The way she immediately brightened warmed my heart and I deciding that the few things I hadn't gotten yet could wait and we hurried to the checkout.

We didn't say much, just kept exchanging glances and smiles. As fate would have it, we were parked right next to one another, I kid you not.

She suggested the local Starbucks but I'm not a fan of them and their overpriced swill so I suggested a small local coffee shop that was nearby.

Thankfully she agreed and she followed me as I led the way.

Fortune was smiling on me as we quickly found two parking spaces just a short way up the street from the little mom and pop coffee and tea shop I loved.

The atmosphere was much more laid back than that damn mass marketing giant in the center of town.

We walked inside and Martha, the older woman (I should talk) who owned the place with her husband Al, greeted me by name.

Now, normally, I sit in a back corner because it's a little secluded and I usually don't want to be disturbed except by Martha or Elena, the young nineteen year old who works there part time, when they come to give me a refill. But today I wanted to set my new friend at ease so I picked a table up front so we could people watch out the front windows.

Elena was there in an instant to take our orders. I ordered my usual pot of tea and when I say tea, I mean black tea made from the leaves of Camellia sinensis.

 

Yes, I know technically any infusion made from various other plant materials are teas but they're not for me.

Sam ordered one of those pepperminty things and I guess I must have made a face or something, even though I tried hard not to, because she gave me that look. You know, that one with the appraising stare with one eyebrow arched up.

Normally I bristle when someone gives me that look, but on her it actually looked cute.

"Sorry," I laughed with a smile. "Please don't let my reaction deter you. I've just never been a fan of those teas," I explained, emphasizing those.

Fortunately Sam didn't take offense and giggled, which led to an interesting discussion on tea while we waited for our orders.

That allowed both of us to relax quite a bit and by the time our teas arrived, we were chatting away like old friends. Something that was a bit unusual for me as I don't often open up to people so easily, usually having to come to know them much better before I share the details of my life with them.

As we sipped our teas, we got to know one another better, each giving an abbreviated history of ourselves.

Sam was a paralegal at a large well known firm in town. Her parents lived nearby and she had a brother and sister. The brother was almost ten years older than her and had moved out west a number of years ago. They weren't close, just exchanging Christmas cards and birthday greetings.

Her younger sister was only eighteen and still lived at home with her parents.

The thing was, I just felt this connection with Sam, even going so far as to know what she was going to say quite often. Something that still amazes me.

I was so comfortable with her that I admitted that I had thought about her often, though I did leave out the masturbation fantasies, I'm not stupid.

When she gave me a started look, I explained quickly, "Not in any stalker-ish kind of way. I just couldn't get the image of you and your hair out of my mind," I stammered defensively.

Sam smiled and giggled. "No, that's not what I was thinking. The thing is I couldn't get you out of my head either," she explained, blushing slightly.

I reached out and covered her hand that lay on the table to give it a reassuring squeeze but as soon as I touched her, I felt this electric like shock. I was going to brush it off as my imagination or wishful thinking but I saw the look on her face and knew she had felt it too.

We stared at one another, this unbelievable tension hanging between us but before either of us could say anything, her cell phone rang.

The moment was lost as she grabbed her phone. "Crap," she cried in annoyance as she looked at the screen. She gave me an apologetic look, appearing quite upset. "I've got to go. I forgot I have to pick up my sister," she explained as she grabbed her purse.

I was frowning as I stared at the phone. Did I mention I hate the damn things.

She began to fumble for her wallet so I rolled my eyes at her. "I'll get it," I told her sympathetically.

She rose and I could see the reluctance in her eyes, I could tell she really wished she didn't have to leave and truth be told, I didn't want her to go either.

I quickly grabbed a napkin and pulled out a pen, jotting down my number. "Here, call me later," I cried, thrusting the napkin into her hand.

Her look of relief was instantaneous. "I'll call, I promise," she gushed as she headed for the door, glancing back at me as she left.

I sighed as I watched her run by the window, wondering if she really would call or if I'd just end up being disappointed like I had been so often in the past. Sometimes I really hated Fate or whatever you wanted to call it.

I finished my tea and left a big tip for Elena, suddenly realizing what the looks she had been giving me meant. Too bad she was so young and looked younger still.

Fortunately Martha just smiled at me as I paid the bill, she could really be a mother hen when it came to Elena. I've seen her drive off some really annoying young men who were making fools of themselves.

By the time I got home I had convinced myself that I'd never hear from Sam again even after the way we seemed to connect. Sometimes the demons of my past liked to come back and torment me.

I nuked something for dinner, not caring what I had. I'd decided to have myself a good old funk and wasn't going to be deterred.

After dinner I grabbed a book to read and settled down for the evening. Well because of the mood I was in I had a hard time concentrating on the book and I ended up fidgeting and ended up deciding to go sit on the porch and have a cigar.

Yes, I smoke an occasional cigar. I don't care if you don't like it, it soothes me and actually gives me two real benefits. First, because of some of the medications I take, I suffer from chronic dry mouth.

Smoking the cigars makes me salivate, sure I could probably get the same relief from other things but I like smoking the cigars.

The second benefit is that I have a condition called geographic mouth. Your tongue gets these irritated, raw areas that when looked at kind of look like a map of some island area or something.

They don't know what causes it and they don't really have a treatment. It isn't life threatening or anything, it's just annoying as hell. Any salty or hot thing you eat or drink irritates your tongue and stings.

The thing is, as long as I smoke the cigars it goes away. If I stop smoking, it comes back. I don't question it, I just enjoy the benefit.

So there I was sitting on the porch puffing away on my cigar and the phone rang. I almost didn't answer it or even look at it for that matter but then in a moment of weakness I glanced at the phone and saw "Mathews, S".

I frowned and almost let it go to the answering machine because I didn't recognize the caller but then because I didn't want to deal with it later I answered the phone.

"Hello," I said, sounding rather annoyed.

"Hi, this is Sam," a sweet hesitant voice replied.

I was stunned for a moment, so much so Sam asked hesitantly, "Is this Steph?"

"What? . . . Oh, yes, this is Steph," I stammered.

I was so taken by surprise that she had actually called, I felt like a fifteen year old getting her first call for a date.

"I'm so sorry I had to run this afternoon," she apologized. "Sometimes I don't know where my head is. I swear my mom is always telling me I'd lose it if it wasn't attacked," she sighed.

"Hey, no worries. I know what it's like, believe me," I replied, trying to set her at ease.

There was a slight pause before she continued.

"I -- I was hoping to see you again," she said softly and hesitantly.

I could really hear the vulnerability in her voice and it only reinforced the perception that this was all new for her too.

"I'd like that very much," I reassured her.

Hearing that hesitancy and vulnerability calmed me.

"That's great," she replied, sounding relieved but then I could almost hear the wheels turning and I knew she was in uncharted territory. She didn't know how to ask me out.

I smiled and took control. "Would you like to have dinner Friday night?" I asked calmly, though in reality my heart was racing.

"I'd love to," she sighed in relief.

"Why don't I pick you up," I offered.

It was funny when I heard her gasp. "I -- ah," she stammered.

Thinking I may have pushed to hard I added "Or we could meet somewhere."

"No, no, picking me up is fine," she replied sounding a little unsure of herself.

She gave me her address and we started to chat a little when I heard her curse.

"Damn it. I'm sorry, but my mom is calling me. I bet I'm about to get another lecture about how irresponsible I am for being late picking my sister up," she sighed.

"Don't worry about it. If it helps, blame it all on me for kidnapping you this afternoon," I chuckled sympathetically.

She giggled at that. "I just may do that," she replied sounding quite amused.

"I'll see you Friday, say seven?" I asked, as we hadn't really finalized everything.

"Seven sounds great," she sighed happily

"I'll see you then and try not to let your mom get to you," I smirked.

"I'll try not to," she chuckled. "Bye."

After she had hung up, I was feeling one hundred percent better so I finished my cigar, went back inside and went to bed, where I dreamed of having dinner with Sam. Even better was the part of the dream about what we got up to afterwards.

I woke up the next morning feeling particularly horny after the erotic dream I had about Sam. All I can say is thank God for the shower massager, providing women with pleasure since 1974.

After a most satisfying shower I got dressed and went about my day. I went back the the mega-mart to pick up the few things I didn't get because of meeting Sam and decided to treat myself by doing a little clothes shopping.

I purchased a really nice skirt in a beautiful medium blue and made of a light material that moved nicely when I walked. It fell to the middle of my calves and would go well with a pair of flats that I had. I was hoping the Sam would like it.

Normally I not much of a clothes hound and rarely dressed up any more but I really wanted to look nice when I took Sam to dinner. I knew I had a couple of nice light-weight sweaters that would pair well with it, all I had to do was choose what color I wanted to wear.

Friday I was a nervous wreck, wondering if I had read too much into the way Sam had reacted and maybe she didn't have the same expectations as I did.

I mean I had never had a reaction to a woman the way I did with Sam so I was completely out of my element.

All I could eat at breakfast was a couple of pieces of toast with my tea, lunch wasn't much better as I could hardly stand to look at food let alone eat anything.

By mid afternoon I was thoroughly disgusted with myself and gave myself a real harsh talking too. It did a world of good and I calmed down significantly. I still had an odd butterfly or two but I no longer felt like I was going to vomit any more.

A little before five I went in to take my shower. I'll admit I took a longer one than I normally did, the hot water felt good and I let it ease the tenseness in my muscles.

I shaved my underarms and on a whim decided to shave my pussy. My pubic hair had always been rather sparse and with it graying, I thought it made me seem old. I was amazed how much I liked the results, with my mons and around my slit being so soft and smooth.

I was very tempted to explore that further but didn't want to do anything that might detract from later in the evening, not that I was sure there was anything going to happen but one does have hopes sometimes and this evening was certainly one of those times for me.

I dried myself slowly, loving the feeling of the huge extra fluffy towel. Let me tell you, it felt really great rubbing over my now nude nether area. I knew that if I hadn't been going out to dinner, I'd have been laying in my bed in a matter of moments frigging myself like crazy.

I glanced at the clock to see how much time I had and knew I had to start getting dressed if I didn't want to have to hurry, something I wanted to avoid. I never feel I look my best when I rush.

I started with a red lace garter belt and then a pair of silk stockings in a champagne color with red trim. I loved the way they felt and looked, they should as they cost close to ninety dollars a pair. But they were one of the few luxuries I allowed myself, along with some really fine cigars and a superb Irish Whiskey named Tullamore Dew, its triple distilled and as smooth as a babies bottom as they say.
