 Cynthia Carter paced impatiently back and forth along the train platform as she waited for the 7:10 from New York City to arrive. The station manager had made some sort of announcement about a small track fire causing a minor delay, but Cynthia really hadn't paid it too much attention. All she knew that the longer it took Courtney to arrive, the less time they would have to spend together over the weekend.

Running her fingers through her short graying blonde hair, the 62 year old newspaper publisher looked down the long empty length of track for the fourteenth time. A quick glance at her watch told her that the train was now 40 minutes late.

The importance Cynthia attached to her daughter's visit was reflected in her mode of dress. Normally, Cynthia spent her days in casual shorts and light blouses in the summer and sweat suits in the colder months. If she really had to, she would wear a business jacket and slacks for a meeting. She had long ago stopped caring how she looked to other people. Friends who passed her on the train platform were surprised to see her in a rather attractive blue dress, a garment that greatly illustrated her still considerable charms.

Most people were surprised when Cynthia mentioned her age because she looked at least a decade younger. Standing 5' 8", her weight had fluctuated between 160 and 170 lbs most of her adult life. Spread rather evenly over her frame, most of the weight seemed centered in her large 38DD bust. She was still a formidable enough presence to turn the heads of men thirty years her junior.

"Station manager says the train just left Bluefield." said a young man who walked up behind Cynthia. "Should be here in another 10 minutes."

"Thank you, " Cynthia said to the teenager as she again looked down the track. "But I'll believe that when I see it pulling in."

Sure enough, it was closer to twenty minutes before the silver and white train pulled into the station. Starting at the front of the train, Cynthia worked her way through the crowd looking for Courtney. The train had been packed, the earlier two scheduled runs having been canceled. After a fruitless effort that resulted in getting no further back than the second car, Cynthia decided to just wait by the ticket office and let her daughter find her instead.

The crowds quickly dissipated and it wasn't long before the blue clad woman heard a familiar voice calling out to her.

"Mother...over here!" the voice shouted.

Through a small group of commuters, Cynthia could see a red figure waving her hand to get her attention. A broad smile on her face, she briskly walked over to her, unwilling to simply stand and wait.

Before Courtney could say a word, her mother had embraced her in a bear hug and planted a kiss on her cheek. While it was in reality only about five weeks since they'd seen each other, it had felt like months to Cynthia. 

"Let me look at you." Cynthia said as she broke the hug and stepped back.

Courtney was wearing a rather expensive red business jacket with matching skirt. Her long blonde hair was tied up in a weave and she wore only a hint of makeup, just matching lipstick and a hint of powder. Unlike her mother, she felt the image she projected was everything. Yet then again, Courtney was just starting out in the world of business. It was hard enough getting some men to take you seriously without having them look at you without seeing just a potential bedmate.

Their third child, Courtney had been born rather late in Cynthia's life. The news that she was pregnant again at 40 had sent a shock wave through her life. Since she and her husband owned and operated their own business, it wasn't that hard to make the transition to working mother. Yet by the time Courtney turned six and started school, their small office supply company had grown so successful that she decided to give it up and concentrate full time on being a mother. Today, 22 years later, the firm was three times the size it'd been at the time of Courtney's birth. 

Although she was still a full partner in the family business, Cynthia had decided against going back when Courtney had left home for college. Instead, she'd bought into a small local paper and eventually became it's co-publisher. It was something she could call her very own.

"Is Daddy with you?" Courtney asked as she looked around into the crowd.

"I'm afraid that he's not home this weekend." the older woman said, her voice just a little reluctant. "He flew up to Boston yesterday to make a presentation to some new clients about out new software line. He thinks it'll bring a lot of new business to the company."

"I kind of expected he'd come up with some kind of excuse not to be here." Courtney said, her tone revealing that she didn't believe a word of her mother's excuse. "He usually does when I come home."

Cynthia wanted to say something to refute her accusation against her father, but the words wouldn't come. The reason being that what she said was true. The only time father and daughter had seen each other over the last two years had been at large family functions. He hadn't even attended her graduation. 

"Your father does love you, dear." Cynthia said. "He just has a hard time accepting things as they are."

"Well he's going to have to accept it eventually." Courtney said. "No one's going to say a magic word and change me into what he expected me to be." 

Cynthia's smile hid the fact that she too originally had a hard time accepting her daughter's lifestyle. She still remembered the day, back in her junior year of college, when her precious baby girl had announced to friends and family that she was a lesbian. Unlike her husband, she quickly came to grips with the idea, realizing that however and with whoever she lived her life, she was still her daughter. And no matter what, she loved her and only wanted her to be happy.

"It's getting late." Cynthia said, changing the subject. "I originally thought we'd go out to dinner, but with all the delays, maybe we should just head home."

"That'd be fine with me, I am a little tired." Courtney said as she turned and looked over her shoulder. "Er...mom, there's something I neglected to mention to you when we talked last night..."

With that, a tall black woman stepped up to Courtney. The look of recognition on her face told Cynthia that they knew each other.

"I finally found my beeper." The woman said. "It fell through the seats."

"Mom, this is Nicole. She's a friend of mine, I invited her up for the weekend. I hope you don't mind."

Cynthia looked at the brown skinned woman. She was at least ten years older than her daughter with short curly black hair. A little taller than both Courtney and herself, she had a lean, lithe form. Soft red lips framed a flawless smile. Small compact breasts pressed against a yellow blouse and long smooth legs stretched out from beneath blue shorts.

"Why of course not," Cynthia said, hiding her disappointment that they wouldn't be spending the weekend alone. "Your friends are always welcome."

"Great." the blonde woman beamed. "I told Nicole it would be OK. I promise her a chance to get out of the city to unwind."

Nicole reached up and removed a pair of dark sunglasses, revealing a pair of sparkling blue eyes. They quickly eclipsed her engaging smile as her most striking feature. 

During the drive back to her house, Cynthia learned a little more about her house guest. Nicole had lived in Manhattan most of her life and was a successful attorney. Courtney had met her a few months back and had developed a friendship while shopping for a birthday present for Cynthia. At the time, Cynthia had been surprised by the gift. Courtney really had no interest in art and such, yet the painting had been an excellent choice. The woman was friendly and quite intelligent. By the time they pulled into the driveway, she found herself liking Nicole. 

"Welcome home Courtney." said the brown haired man who greeted the trio as they exited the car.

"Thank you, Edward." Courtney said, returning his smile. "It's good to be home."

Edward Graham was 20 years old and a student at the local college. In return for room, board and a small salary, he served as a sort of jack of all trades around the house. If it was broken, he fixed it. If it was dirty, he cleaned it. In the three years he had been living there, he had become almost a member of the family.

"Ed, this is my friend, Nicole." Courtney said as she turned her attention to the caramel skinned woman behind her. "She'll be staying for the weekend."

"Nice to meet you." Edward said cheerfully as he took a good look at her. "I'll get the bags." he added as he headed for the truck. 

"Thanks," Cynthia said. "I made up Courtney's room this morning and we'll put Nicole in ......" 

Cynthia paused for a moment. Not for the first time in the last hour she considered the idea that Nicole and Courtney might be more than just friends. Did her daughter expect them to share a room?

"Put Nicole in the guest room." Courtney interjected, much to Cynthia's relief. "You'll love it." she said to her friend. "It has the most beautiful view of the garden."

"I'm sure it's beautiful." Nicole replied. 

The suggestion surprised Cynthia. The guest bedroom was on the other side of the house from Courtney's room. She guessed that answered her question of just how much of close friends the two women were.

"Well you two get settled in and I'll see about getting us some dinner." Cynthia said as she headed into the house. 

Dinner was simple was enjoyable. Afterwards, the three women sat around the kitchen table and chatted.

"Its nice to hear that you're doing so well at the firm." Cynthia said as she sipped her tea. "And I'm sure your father will be happy to know that all that money he spent for Sara Douglas didn't go to waste."

Courtney's ever-present smile faded for a moment at the mention of her father and his content reminders of how much her education had cost. Then just as quickly it came back. Quickly she changed the subject.

"Speaking of college, you and Nicole have something in common." she said.

"What would that be?" Cynthia asked as she turned and looked at Nicole.

"Nicole's a Theta Phi too." her daughter beamed.

"Really?"

"Class of '84." Nicole offered.

"Class of '54." Cynthia chimed in.

"I guess that makes me the baby of the bunch." Courtney laughed. "Class of '94." 

All three women laughed.

"Class of '54," Nicole repeated. "That means you were a pledge in 1950." 

"Why yes," Cynthia said a little hesitantly. "Why do you ask?"

"You were there during the big scandal at Delta Theta Phi." Nicole said excitedly. "I can't believe it, I never thought I'd get to hear what really happened from someone that was really there. Someone who really knew Jennifer Hallis"

"What scandal?" Courtney asked, her questioning tone making it evident that she had no idea what her friend was talking about. "Who was Jennifer Hallis?"

"None of the sisters ever told you?" Nicole asked. "I can't believe it. It's part of the legend of Delta Theta Phi."

"Well lets here it now." Courtney gushed.

Nicole looked to Cynthia for a moment, then took her silence for assent.

"Well Jennifer Hallis, first of all, was Class of '50. She was also President of the Sisterhood, or Queen might have been a better term."

"Queen?" 

"Yes, from what I understand, she ran the sorority like her own personal kingdom. Including having ladies in waiting."

"So what was the big deal?" Courtney interrupted.

"I'm getting to that." Nicole continued. "What set Theta Phi apart from all the other houses on campus was that almost every sister was expected to be available to Jennifer for sex whenever she wanted. In fact, you couldn't become a sister unless you slept with her first."

"You're kidding." Courtney said.

"It's true." replied Nicole. "In fact, it got so that all the pledges had to spend their first years as wives to the senior class. Not to mention the monthly orgies."

"That's incredible." the youngest woman called out. "What happened, how did anyone find out."

"In the pledge class of '50 there was a girl named Susan Davis. Evidently, she found the idea of lesbian sex sick to say the least. She wasn't the first pledge to back out of the sorority when they found out what they were into, but Susan believed that she had a moral obligation to stop what she believed were vile and disgusting acts. She went right to the Board of Regents and the night of their next all-girl party they were raided."

"What happened then?" Courtney asked, now totally absorbed in the story.

"Jennifer was expelled on the spot, so where a good many of the other girls. Then the Board tried to hush the whole thing up. They spread the story that the girls were expelled because of their involvement in a cheating scandal. That was 1950 remember, lesbian was still a dirty word. The school had their image to worry about. How many of those upper class families that sent their precious daughters to Sara Douglas would still do so if they thought they would be exposed to such ideas."

"That's an incredible story." Courtney said, taking it all in. Then a look of disbelief filled her face when she realized that her mother was actually there - and a member of that pledge class."

She turned to her mother and opened her mouth to speak, but before she could say a word, Cynthia cut her off.

"Before you let your imagination get out of control, let me say something." Cynthia began. "Even though I was a freshman in 1950, I didn't pledge Delta Theta Phi until the second term. So I'm afraid all of that happened before I was even a sister."

"I didn't think they pledged during the second term." Nicole asked a little suspiciously.

"Normally they didn't," Cynthia replied. "but with all the girls expelled, they needed new members to keep their charter."

"That makes sense." Nicole replied. "I hope I didn't offend you."

"Not at all," Cynthia said. "In fact, that's the first time I actually heard the story. I was there at the school at the time and until now believed the 'cheating' story."

"It's still an incredible story." Courtney repeated. "but I've been up since 4:30 and I think I'm going to turn in."

"That sounds like a good idea." Nicole agreed.

"You too go ahead, I've a little work to finish before I call it a night."

A little work turned out to be a major understatement and it was well after midnight by the time Cynthia started up the stairs to bed. It had been a very long day but a happy one never the less. Any time Courtney came to visit, all her worries seemed to disappear. It brought back memories of a far simpler time. 

Passing Nicole's room, Cynthia was careful not to make any noise as not to wake their guest. Hopefully, Edward had removed all of her husband's clothes from the room before settling Nicole in. The fact that she and her husband slept in separate rooms wasn't something she really wanted to advertise - not even to her own daughter. 

Truth be told, it had been many years since they had slept together as man and wife. Most nights, Steven slept elsewhere. Elsewhere currently being the apartment of his 29 year old girlfriend. The only reason they hadn't divorced was that Steven kept saying it would be bad for the companies image. One of these days she might find a reason to push for the divorce, but for now she was content to let things sat as they were. 

Stopping again at the door to Courtney's room, Cynthia decided to check in on her daughter. It was a silly thing really, after all Courtney wasn't six years old anymore. But it did make her feel better.

Silently she turned the doorknob and eased the door open. Cynthia took a small step inward before stopping in her tracks. Instead of the serene image she expected, she found instead one out of her most erotic dreams.

It had been many years since the last time Cynthia had seen her daughter naked so it was a shock to see how much her body had developed. The small breasts that she had last seen the day she'd first taken Courtney shopping for her first training bra had blossomed into a magnificent set of 34C's. The rest of her young body was just as impressive, showing that she had viewed the development of her body as seriously as that of her mind.

It wasn't so much the development of her daughter's body that caused Cynthia to step back as it was it's position. Standing against the large backboard of the queen sized bed was Nicole, as naked as her daughter. Beneath the brown hued woman's outstretched legs was Courtney, her mouth pressed firmly against her hairy cunt. 

It was one thing to know that her daughter preferred women sexually, it was quite another to actually see it. Cynthia was transfixed, unable to tear her eyes away from the spectacle. It was a long five minutes before the fear of discovery gave the older woman the strength to pull herself away. 

Closing the door behind her, Cynthia let out a long loud sigh. To her surprise, she'd found the sight of her daughter engaged in lesbian lust to be the most exciting thing she'd seen in a good long time. Her heart was racing, her breath shallow and most incredible, the mound between her legs was moist. 

Crawling into the warm comfort of her bed, Cynthia knew she would get little sleep that night. 

It was a warm summer morning and Cynthia decided to have breakfast out by the pool. It wasn't long before Courtney joined her. She explained that Nicole needed to make a few phone calls to make and would join them as soon as she could. 

"Did you sleep well, dear?" Cynthia asked.

"Like a baby." Courtney smiled.

Their breakfast conversation covered a few topics until finally it turned to Nicole. 

"Your friend Nicole seems like a really nice person." Cynthia said. "Have you known her long?"

"Not long really, only a few months." Courtney answered as she nibbled a piece of toast. "I met her at a fund raising party the alumni association threw. She's an attorney, in fact she's just made partner at her firm. I was admiring a painting at the hotel where they had the fund raiser and she happened to mention that she'd seen one just like it at a friend's art gallery. I said I'd love to be able to pick out something like that for your birthday but knew next to nothing about art. Next thing I knew she had offered to help me pick something out."

"I guessed that much." Cynthia said. "That painting seemed a little out of your league. "But there's something I want to ask you, but I'm not sure how exactly to put it."

"Well straight out always seemed to work for me." Courtney suggested.

"How well I know that." came her mother's response. "But it's still hard for me to just come out and say something."

"Give it a try, Mom."

"I was wondering, I mean I'd like to ask you just how close you and Nicole actually are?" Cynthia finally blurted out.

"You mean are we lovers or anything like that?" Courtney casually replied.

"Well yes." 

"Are we lovers, well not really." her daughter continued in that same casual tone. "Have we slept together on occasion...yes we have."

"I don't understand." Cynthia said.

"I guess you could just say we're close friends who on occasion have sex. There are a number of women who I sleep with. Some I have very strong feelings for. In other cases its just recreational. Bottom line is that at this point in my life I'm too involved in work to even seriously thing about settling down with anyone."

"I'm still not sure I really understand it, but I'll settle for the fact that you do seem to be happy." replied Cynthia.

"That's all I ask." her daughter grinned.

"Excuse me, but there's a phone call for Courtney." said Edward as he walked up to the small table, portable phone in hand. "Some guy named Rogers, says he's your boss."
