 (This account is a little long, so it will be done in 3 parts. The background for the trip can be found in my other writings and can give a good historic reference. All I can say is "You shoulda been there!")

*

"Don't bother about trying to get cheap airfare to Cabo!" Carl said as he entered the den.

My heart absolutely sank. 

"Why not?" I asked with a little sick feeling.

"I just got you girl's a free ride, that's why!" he stated with a smile on his face.

"What do you mean free ride?" I asked with a puzzled look.

"John and his wife are flying down and offered to take you girls with them. I offered to pay for the extra fuel to pick everyone else up. He wouldn't hear of it!" Carl added. "He said the extra miles were not that much anyway."

"You know we have to pick up Shauna in Vegas and Julie in San Francisco?" I quizzed.

"I told him that. He insisted." Carl said.

"I'll stop what I'm doing and call the girls right now!" I stammered excitedly.

As he left the room, I was already dialing Robin to tell her the great news. I didn't tell her that we were flying private, but only that all the arrangements were taken care of and not to worry. Within an hour I had gotten in touch with Shauna, Julie and Kelley also to let them know. Everyone was excited that we would all be flying down together. 

"Last stop before Cabo is San Francisco!" I told Julie.

"Kind of out of your way, isn't it? I thought you would all fly through Houston!" she said.

"It seemed like the best way to get there together!" I told her, not giving up the secret. "I give you the gate assignment the night before we leave."

I knew she would be the hardest to fool with, but she didn't quiz me on which airline we were flying on.

Time seemed to drag for the three weeks before we were to leave. The day before we were flying out, Robin came over so she could spend the night here, rather than be rushed to get here early. We had a great time checking what we had packed for the trip. I had quite a number of toys in the suitcase and, as she was helping me arrange everything I could see she was really excited.

"Aren't you worried about someone checking your bag?" she asked.

"Not at all! I know it won't get lost!" I stated. "No chance of that!"

"Why is that?" Robin quizzed me. "Because we've got a direct flight to Cabo, with only two stops.....Las Vegas and San Francisco." I stated with a big smile.

"I suppose you're going to tell me it's a charter?"

Robin would not give it up. I finally had to tell her.

"It's a corporate jet!" I said, grinning once again.

There was a look of total confusion on her face.

"You'll get it when I call Shauna and Julie!" I told her bluntly.

We got our luggage into the SUV and went to get Kelley. She was waiting at the door when we arrived. She was very ready to go. She carried her suitcase to the Lexus and opened the back, stowing it with ours.

"Hope they don't lose it!" she said mournfully as she climbed in the back seat.

Robin and I just laughed and didn't say anything else about it. We headed out her drive and onto the highway to the airport. During the drive we talked about how much fun this would be and how exciting it was to have a whole week to ourselves in Mexico.

We finally arrived at the airport and I parked in the private aviation lot. Kellie had a puzzled look on her face as we grabbed our luggage and went through the door to the small terminal. John, his wife and his co-pilot were waiting there for us.

I went over and gave John a big hug, and he introduced me to his wife and the co-pilot. I in turn introduced Robin and Kelley to them.

"Right this way, ladies!" John said, showing us to the security area. Even the small private terminal had all the tools for check us through. We made it through without any embarrassment about what we were carrying and walked out onto the tarmac. There just in front of us was a beautiful GS5 Gulfstream.

""That's what we're flying? Kelley stammered.

"I'm flying, you're riding!" John mockingly corrected her.

That brought a big laugh from everyone.

We got in the aircraft and it was totally amazing. No crowded aisles or seating. It looked more like someone's living room than an airplane.

John and his co-pilot Willard went to the cockpit to get ready. We all got into the plush seats that were almost scattered around the plane. Molly, John's wife, asked if we wanted something to drink as she opened the refrigerator in the front of the cabin. "How about a little champagne?"

We all raised our hand and I went to help her bring it to the other girls. What a sweet way to travel. I brought Robin and Kelley a glass, Molly brought mine, and we all toasted to Cabo.

"Have you been there before?" Robin asked.

That's where we met Marsha and Carl seven years ago!" Molly said with a smile. "The guys became good business friends, even though we live a long way from here. Carl has done wonders for John's company."

We made a lot of small talk as we prepared for take-off. John finally told us to buckle in as we were ready to go.

Just like that, we were off the ground, no waiting, no fuss, on our way to Vegas.

I got on the satellite phone and dialed Shauna.

"Meet us at the McCarran private airpark terminal! There's been a change of plans!" I said when she answered.

There was a pregnant pause on the other end before she spoke, "Excuse me?" 

"You heard me right, just be there in two and a half hours. You'll understand!"

I then made the same call to Julie, who, like Shauna, knew something was up. She knew exactly where to go and I told her I'd call her when we were leaving Vegas.

The two hour flight went by swiftly and was as smooth as silk. By the time we got there, we had polished off two bottles of champagne and were about to start on the third when John announced we were getting ready to land.

We landed shortly and taxied to the private terminal. As we pulled to a stop just outside, John opened the door and we clamored out and down the steps, waving at Shauna the whole trip to the security door. We waited outside as John showed his credentials and escorted Shauna out though the security checkpoint. Boy was this slick. No lines, no waiting.

As they came through the door, we nearly knocked John over to greet Shauna.

"Whoa, girls!" we've got a whole week!" she said with her southwest lilt.

We calmed down a little and walked out to the plane, climbing back the steps and inside.

"Jeez Louise!" Shauna said with a note of awe in her voice. "New Toy?"

"Friend of Carl's!" I replied.

"Married?" Shauna asked jokingly.

"On board!" I giggled.

"Figures!" she said with a false dejection in her voice.

We introduced Shauna to Molly, who graciously offered her the first glass out of the third bottle. "You need to catch up!" she said with a smile.

Once again we toasted to Cabo and were soon back in the air toward SF. I called Julie and told her we were on our way.

A little over an hour and a half later we were landing once again.

We deplaned at the private airpark terminal and went inside. Julie was there waiting for us.

"I guess you won't need me to be flight attendant, will you?" She said with a smile.

Robin and I gave her a great big group hug and introduced her to the rest of the "Bad Girls Club". A quick stop in the rest room and we were all ready to get back on board. We introduced her to Molly as we reboarded the plane.

"I'm not used to being a passenger!" Julie said to Molly.

"Feel free to be flight attendant, if you want!" Molly laughed. "The bars up front near the cockpit!"

We all buckled in and readied ourselves for the two hour flight to Cabo. After we were airborne, both Molly and Julie got up to get some more champagne for all of us. Julie popped the cork on a bottle and filled everyone's glass.

"To a safe flight and a great trip!" she toasted.

"To a fun week! Kelley added.

We all clinked out glasses and settle back to enjoy the ride.

"Would you mind if I tagged along for a few days with you ladies?" Molly asked.

"Not at all!" I told her.

"John and Willard are going on some three day tuna fishing party up the coast, and I don't want to go with. Three days on fishing boat is not my idea of fun!" she said.

It was then that it hit me! We're down here to have a little "girl" time. Things could get very complicated as far as the "hang" time. What could I do? After all, she was our transportation host. I put the scary thoughts out of my mind and just thought, "We'll cross that bridge!"

During the flight, everyone was in a party mood. Between the six of us we finished three bottles of champagne, and, by the time we touched down in Cabo, we were all a little silly. 

When we were able to de-plane, everyone was wobbling a little as we walked down the steps. Two gentlemen met us at the bottom of the stairs to help with bags and we made our way to customs and security. Since it was a non-commercial flight, there were no long lines to wade through and we made it in record time. 

After we were through, Kelley remarked, "Glad they didn't search our luggage!"

I just laughed and replied, "Would have been a little embarrassing, wouldn't it?"

"Why is that?" Molly asked quietly.

Blushing a little, I whispered, "Just a few toys in the bags!" 

After I said that, I knew I had let at least part of the cat out of the bag. I didn't want to add anything to that statement for a minute fear of possibly offending her.

"I only have one! I carry it in my purse. Look's like a lipstick tube!" she said, pulling it from her purse. "Comes in handy sometimes!" she added.

"For tension?" I asked.

She just laughed and replied, "Of course!"

John had arranged for a SUV to take us to the condos, and the guys had loaded the luggage by the time we exited the terminal. After a twenty minute drive, we arrived at the front gate. John punched in the code and we entered the grounds.

It was as beautiful as ever. As we pulled into the parking area, we could see just a glimpse of the beautiful Pacific in front of the whitewashed stucco building. Everyone piled out of the Tahoe and grabbed their luggage.

You could smell the jasmine and plumeria as it hung heavy in the salty air. 

As we rounded the corner to the front Kelly exclaimed, "God....What a view!" We stood there a moment taking it all in. Even though I come here at least once a year, I never tire of the gorgeous ocean.

I went to the end unit and unlocked the door. The girls nearly pushed me aside wanting to be the first in. I allowed them through, just to save myself, and then entered behind them. There were four ladies standing in the entry with their jaws to the floor. This was not what I remembered from my last visit. No longer were there whitewashed walls, carpet, and plain old vanilla décor, but rather a total makeover to a very colonial Mexico. What had happened?

Walking into the living area, I found the answer. A FedEx letter lay unopened on the old hacienda door, now a coffee table. I opened the envelope and began reading the letter from Carl. "Hope you enjoy your new surroundings. Bill and I did most of the changeover last August on that trip to Colorado. Spent the money we made on this thing last year, and then some. Guess rental fees will go up. The new wine cellar in the Kitchen is stocked and you know the code. Presents for all in the master bedroom. Enjoy! Love, Carl"

"This is certainly not what you described!" Shauna said as she gawked at her surroundings.

""Not what I expected either! Carl did some work!" I replied.

I heard a gasp from behind us and turned to find Molly there.

"Lordy, this is all new!" she said breathlessly.

"My thoughts exactly!" I told her.

"The guys are getting their gear ready to go fishing. Are you ladies doing anything tonight?" Molly asked.

There were a lot of blank looks around the room before Robin finally spoke up "We're going to have a slumber party. Get drunk and party! Want to join us?"

"You're sure it's alright?"

"The more, the merrier!" Julie said with that wink of hers.

"I'll go tell the boys to have fun and I'll be back soon" Molly said smiling as she went out the door. "Don't start without me!"

After she left, Kelley asked, "Think she can handle us?"

"She's a big girl, if she can't, she'll find a way out." I replied. Shauna spoke up. "I went to one of those "fuckerware" parties and after a few bottles of wine, someone suggested we demonstrate the products in front of everyone. It broke the ice really fast, or should I say melted it?" she said with an evil smile.

"Works for me!" Robin giggled.

"I'm in!" said Julie.

"I guess that's a plan then." I replied. "Champagne anyone?"

In unison, they all raised their hands. I popped the cork and poured five glasses.

"To a wild and crazy week!" Kelley toasted.

"Let's see what presents Carl sent for everyone!" I said as I turned and went to the master bedroom.

There on the bed were six little La Perla bags, each with a name on it. Carl had even thought about Molly. Guess he must have figured she'd probably join us. Intuitive!

I opened my little bag and found a sexy pair of panties. I also snooped in each bag and found the same style in every bag, but a different color. Thank goodness we're all about the same size on the bottom. I guess he could judge that.

"Let's all get in the hot tub." Julie suggested.

"I don't feel like putting on my suit." I replied.

"Why would you need a suit?" she asked.

All the people, for one thing!" I replied.

"There won't be anyone there! It's right outside your bedroom door!"

Puzzled, I went into the bedroom and through the patio door unto the deck. There it was a beautiful tub with room for at least eight. In all my excitement about the changes to the condo, I hadn't even looked out on the deck. I stripped off my clothes and went back to the living room naked.

"Last one in, does everybody!" I challenged.

They nearly beat me out to the tub, stripping all the way. Robin was the last in and whimpered a little. "No fair, I had more clothes on than anyone else!"

"Did anyone think to bring out the champagne?" Shauna quizzed.

Robin climbed out, wiggling her butt at us, "Last in, first out I guess." She said with that evil grin.

She returned quickly with a bottle in a bucket of ice, and our glasses balanced precariously in one hand. About the time she was ready to pour them out, Molly came through the front door.

"Anyone home?" she asked.

"Out in the hot tub" we yelled in unison.

"Strip, bring a glass out and join us!" Kelley literally screamed.

I winced a little, still not knowing what Molly would think, but it was too late to worry about that now. 

Shortly, Molly came out on the deck, wrapped in a towel and carrying a glass for champagne. She got to the edge of the tub and dropped her towel.

Five pairs of eyes simultaneously gave her body a slow once over. Her breasts jutted out firm and pointy. As my gaze went lower, I noticed her smooth abdomen and then on down to a very neatly trimmed pubic area. She obviously took very good care of herself. I knew she was in her mid forties, but she could easily pass for thirties.

"Welcome to our little group!" I said and poured her a glass.

'To our newest member!" Robin toasted and raised her glass.

We all joined our glasses and then took a sip. 

"The boys are gone, so this is absolutely perfect. What's the plan for this evening?"

"Well, as soon as were done in the tub, I have a present for each of you from Carl. We'' take it from there!"

After another bottle of champagne and thirty minutes in the tub, we were ready to go in. I noticed Molly giving the once over to all the girls as they left the tub and toweled off. I was hoping she would be interested in joining us for our "girl time" and would not be upset by what we had planned on doing all week.

I went in the bedroom first and handed each lady her present as they came in from the tub.

"Ooh, La Perla!" Kelley squealed. "Never owned any before" she said as she opened the bag. She held up a pair of purple lacey boy shorts for everyone to see. "Put em on!" Shauna ordered.

Kelley pulled them up her legs and they fit perfectly. She pulled them up tight against her swollen mound and gave herself a little "toe".

"Perfect!" she beamed.

One by one they all came in and went through the same ritual. Every one a pair of boy shorts and every one a different color. It looked like a commercial for La Perla by the time I had pulled my turquoise pair on.

We all took our glasses and went out to the living room. 

"Time for a little "fuckerware" party!" announced Shauna. "Here are the rules! Gather up all the toys we brought down and put them in the middle of the floor. We draw numbers and whoever gets number one........goes first! Are we all agreeable to that?"

I looked around to see everyone nodding. Molly blushed a little, but more from excitement, than embarrassment. That was good.

Julie wrote six numbers down on a scratch pad and placed them in a bowl. Julie, Robin and Shauna went to get the toys. I pulled a Mexican blanket from the couch and spread it out in the middle of the floor.

By the time the girls got back with the toys, we were ready. They threw them out on the blanket, scattering them everywhere. 

There was a gasp from Molly. "You certainly came prepared!"

"Prepared to cum!" Kelley boasted.

This brought a big laugh from everyone.

Julie passed the bowl around, and Kellie got the honor of number one.

Kelley got out onto the blanket and knelt, looking at all the toys. She picked up a double headed cock and of course her pussy pump. She then took off her panties and threw them at Julie.

"Hang on to these for me. I don't want to get tem wet.........er!" she giggled.

Julie held them to her face and gave the inside of the crotch a little lick.

"They taste good for new undies!" she commented.

"They taste like me!" Kelley retorted.

She then placed the cup over her mound and squeezed the bulb about ten times.

"What does that do?" Molly whispered to me.

"You'll see shortly. It's incredible!"

Meanwhile, Kelley had begun to massage her small titties, causing her areola to swell up and her nipples to poke out from their resting state. The more she squeezed, the more they grew. She was starting to go off into her own little world. 

I looked across at Robin, who was lightly rubbing her crotch.

"Stop it, Robin! "You know the rules! I told her.

"Yah! You know the rules!" Shauna added.

Robin looked a little pouty because of her reprimand, but stopped what she was doing and maintained her stare at Kellie. 

I could see Kelley's lips and clit swelling within the clear suction cup covering her mound. The color had now changed to a deeper reddish purple and I knew she was lubricating profusely. She stopped fondling her breast and released the valve on the pump. With her other hand she gently removed the cup, exposing her now very angry and swollen sex.

I looked over at Molly and whispered, "Cool, huh?"

"Her clit is huge!" she whispered back.

"It's big anyway, but that thing just enhances it."

"Are you talking about my "girl cock" Marsha!"

"The subject came up!" I giggled.

Kelley now went back to work on her breast with one hand and grabbed a huge dildo with the other. She rubbed it up and down her slit, coating it with the copious amounts of slimy goo that was now leaking from her vaginal canal. Finally she turned the head inward and slowly eased it between her swollen lips and into her vagina. She took her hand away from her breasts and joined it with the other to slide the tool deep inside. When she had impaled herself with half of it, she slowly began to withdraw it until the head was just outside her lips, and then slowly slid it back to her depths. She was now totally oblivious to the rest of us, as we intently watched her gently fuck herself with the toy. Her hips were rocking up and down and each time she brought the head of the cock to just outside her entrance. Fluids coated it from the very depth it was inserted. 
