 "Why do we have to join a sorority, anyway?" Lisa whined to her friend. "They do mean things like hitting pledges with paddles, isn't that right? Shelly told me it was all very humiliating!"

"Yes," responded Lori, "but Shelly was a Zeta-Gamma. You and I are pledging Phi Kappa Alpha, which is exclusively for female athletes, so I seriously doubt we'll have to put up with any of that nonsense! Besides, we're both on scholarship, which means we NEED to join! So hurry up and get dressed or we're gonna be late!"

Lisa nodded her head, still not convinced she wanted to join any sorority. But Lori was her best friend, and the two girls had both been planning to attend State together ever since junior high. Both were also athletes, although neither would be considered a star player, and were therefore both lucky to have received this invitation to pledge Phi Kappa Alpha. 

"Why did they invite us, anyway?" asked Lisa. "Don't they usually only target the big-name players?"

"Not Phi Alpha," responded Lori. "From what I was told, Coach Felicia recommended both of us. And she's a legacy! Wasn't that nice of her?"

Lisa frowned in response. Coach Felicia was their P.E. instructor at Mason High School. More than once Lisa remembered the coach's hands patting her on the tush in a more than friendly manner, not to mention staring boldly at her and the other girls as they were taking their showers. And that's not all. There was the time when Lisa had pulled a muscle in practice, and the coach had kept her there late for what she called a "therapeutic massage." Lisa wasn't exactly sure what that was, but remembered Coach Felicia having her strip naked, followed by a lot of rubbing of her legs and butt, very sensually with oils. It was nice, but it made her uncomfortable. She'd never had a woman touch her like that before.

But that was all in the past, and if the coach was nice enough to recommend them both to the Alpha house then maybe she wasn't so bad after all. Living in that sorority would make it possible for Lisa and Lori to afford attending State, something they had long dreamed about doing together. So perhaps even the possibility of sorority girls hitting them a couple of times with paddles didn't seem so bad.

Lisa finished these thoughts while zipping up her skirt. She had selected a flowery light green outfit that showed off her long, slender legs and trim figure. It was a figure she was proud of. Lisa had been a volleyball player in high school, and certainly looked it at 5'10" tall with long beach blonde hair, and a California girl face, complete with a dazzling smile and bright green eyes.

Her friend Lori was, by comparison, a diminutive 5'4". Their friends had labeled the two girls 'Mutt & Jeff' because of the height difference, but neither was offended. Lori was a gymnast, and while very short had an attractive curvy build, with well-formed breasts and a cute little behind that even Lisa thought adorable. 

Both girls had always attended each other's athletic competitions, and had always thought the other looked damn sexy in their skimpy uniforms, although they'd have never said so out loud. The volleyball uniform had been a baggy shirt with "bun-hugger" shorts that Lori thought made Lisa's legs look even longer than they were, if that was possible. Meanwhile, Lori's gymnastics outfits had always seemed to use as little cloth as possible, Lisa thought, and Lori had looked stunning in every competition, what with her hot little body straining at the seams. 

Tonight Lori was wearing a tight black minidress with a red top that showed off her sexy compact figure as she and Lisa left together for the Alpha house. Lori had brunette hair cut short, and soft brown eyes that set off her pretty face. But now those eyes showed concern. They were expected at seven, and it was almost seven already. But fortunately traffic was light and they reached their destination with a couple of minutes to spare.

"If we can get accepted here we'll have it made," Lori said excitedly as they walked up the steps of the front porch. "Let's do whatever it takes to be accepted, OK?" She then squeezed Lisa's hand for good luck as they knocked on the door.

It was opened by a tall black girl in bluejeans and a navy sweatshirt. She was pretty in an athletic way, and her glance quickly took in the two nervous freshmen standing before her.

"You must be our new pledges," she said. "My name is Janelle. I play basketball here at State. Come on in." She then called out, "the new pledges have arrived."

Behind her sauntered up a tanned girl in cut-offs and a tee shirt with shaggy blonde hair and a freckled face. "Hi, I'm Alice, the president of the Alpha house. You must be Lisa and Lori. Pleased to meet you."

The girls all shook hands. Alice ran her eyes over the two pretty freshmen girls, saying sidelong to Janelle, "Not a bad catch, eh?" The black girl smiled in response.

Two other girls now made their appearance, as Alice made introductions. "This is Traci. She plays soccer," motioning to a red haired girl in sweats. "And that's Sharon, one of State's golfers," nodding to a sultry Hispanic senorita coming down the stairs.

"What sport do you play, Alice?" asked Lori. 

"I'm captain of the tennis team," Alice responded. "Now come on into the living room and let's get better acquainted," she said, ushering the two into a nicely furnished, carpeted area. It was clear that Alpha house wasn't short of cash. Everything looked expensive, from the beautifully upholstered chairs and couches to the thick rug beneath their feet.

"This is a really nice place," said Lisa. "Lori and I are so happy to be here." Lori nodded in agreement. Both girls felt slightly uncomfortable in the presence of the four upper classmen, who seemed to be staring intently at them as they sat back onto a couch. Lori particularly noted Sharon's eyes checking out her legs, as she sat back, her minidress hiking up involuntarily, exposing her smooth, taut thighs. Sharon winked at Lori, and the younger girl blushed in response, her eyes downcast.

"Oh, the pleasure is all ours," responded Alice. "I think you two will be very happy here. Of course, as pledges, we ask one thing and one thing only, and that's complete obedience. Think of us as your older sisters now. We will be taking care of you. All we ask in response is for you to OBEY!" Her emphasis on that last word was clear.

Both girls nodded. 

"You will find some of what we do perhaps strange and unfamiliar, but it's part of the pledge experience here at Alpha house. On the positive side, our girls are invited to the best parties, we have our very own beach house on the coast, in the winter there's free access to a ski lodge in Aspen owned by Traci's family, and every summer we sponsor a trip to Europe, I believe this time it's France, right, Sharon?"

"Oui," said Sharon, getting a laugh in response.

"And all we ask of you is your complete submission to your older sisters. Think you can handle that?"

"Oh, yes," blurted out both girls at once. Lisa added, "It all sounds so wonderful. I almost have to ask what's the catch?"

The four older girls couldn't help smiling at one another as Janelle volunteered a response. "We'll be testing your willingness to obey. Some of what we ask of you might seem strange, even making you uncomfortable. But you'll either accept it or go elsewhere. But you'll never find another sorority with the amenities offered here."

"I'm in," said Lori. "I love it here already."

"Me, too," added Lisa. "You've sold us both. Only this seems so nice, I know there's gotta be a catch somewhere."

"Oh, there is," said Alice. "But it's not like you think. We're not going to blister your butt with paddles or anything harsh like that. When we want to punish you in Alpha house a hand-spanking usually suffices. In fact, we prefer it."

Lori noticed the smiles on the other girls' faces. But the thought of being spanked by one of these women didn't unduly alarm her. In fact, she found herself blushing at the thought, and saw that the Hispanic girl Sharon was eyeing her closely. She blushed even deeper.

"OK, girls, then it's settled," Alice said as they got up and headed toward the door. "You both are now both pledges of Phi Kappa Alpha. You will move your belongings in this weekend, and we welcome you aboard."

Lisa and Lori both expected a handshake, and were surprised instead when Alice reached out to embrace them both. "Welcome little sisters," she said softly.

Then the other three also moved in, hugging each of the two girls intimately. Janelle kissed Lisa on the mouth, and Lori could swear Sharon squeezed her butt during their embrace. But she pretended not to have noticed. "See you on Saturday! Bye now!"

As the door closed both girls walked back to the car. "Well, we're in," said Lisa.

"Well, tentatively at least," replied her friend.

On Saturday they arrived with their belongings, and were shown to their room on the first floor. It was small with two twin beds, but otherwise nicely furnished with a chest of drawers, a desk, and a small closet. "It's not much," said Alice, as they looked around, "but don't worry about the small beds. You'll be sleeping upstairs a lot these first few weeks."

Lisa looked at Lori as if to say, "What does she mean by that?" Lori shrugged her shoulders in response.

"Get unpacked, and be in the living room tonight at seven o'clock for the start of your initiation," Alice said as she prepared to leave the room.

"What should we wear?" asked Lisa.

"Oh, that's right, I almost forgot. You pledges will be attired in bra and panties. Nothing more." With that she left, closing the door behind her.

"Is she serious?" Lisa whispered. "Bra and panties?" 

"Of course she's serious," responded Lori. "Remember what they said about obedience? They're going to be testing us. Besides, remember what she said about not paddling us? Whatever they have in store for us, how bad can it be? We can take it!"

Lisa nodded in agreement, although she wasn't smiling as she began to unpack.

At seven sharp the two girls left the room and headed for the living room where their four older sorority sisters awaited them. All four appeared attired in dark sweats. They were all seated and talking. But a hush fell over the room as the two near naked freshmen girls entered. Somebody emitted a low whistle. "Very nice," said Sharon, staring boldly at Lori's sexy little body, clad in only light blue satin panties and a matching top that barely held in her perfectly formed tits. Lisa, too, was being admired by her sisters. At Lori's insistence she had worn a white thong bikini bottom and white bra. Lori had told her, "You've got a nice ass. Don't be afraid to show it off! Also, a thong will show them you're not intimidated or afraid."

But right now Lisa was intimidated AND afraid. Her thong was drawing a number of appreciative glances. 

"Turn around, Lisa," said Janelle. "Slowly."

Lisa did as she was told.

"What a gorgeous rear end," Janelle said aloud.

"OK, ladies, here is where your initiation begins," broke in Alice. "I'm giving you both an indelible marker. I'm now going to ask the older girls to each go upstairs to her room. Before midnight you are hereby instructed to each get your rear end signed, autographed if you will, by each of your four older sisters. To get them to do this you will have to do whatever they ask. If you can accomplish this feat, you're in. If not, you can say 'sayonara' to Alpha house. OK, girls, upstairs. Lori and Lisa, you have five hours."

With that, the two young women found themselves soon all alone in the living room, staring at eachother in shock. "We need to get each of them to sign our butts?" Lisa finally gasped.

"And they'll only do it if we do whatever they say," added Lori. "Whatever do you suppose that'll be?"

"I don't know," moaned Lisa, "but I'm afraid it's going to get really weird. I don't like the way that Janelle has been eyeing me, or the way the rest of them were oogling my ass in this stupid thong you made me wear."

"Yeah, I know what you mean," whispered Lori. "Sharon's been devouring me with her eyes since we first walked in the door. But we've gotta be strong, Lisa! They demand submission. So we submit, OK?"

"If you will, so will I," promised Lisa. "Now, how do you want to do this? Shall we go together, or separate?"

"If I'm going to be spanked, or whatever, I think I'd rather be on my own, Lisa. Besides, if we're together they may make us spank eachother!"

"OK, then, let's get it over with. I'm going to Alice's room first," Lisa said, determined. "She seems easygoing enough. Maybe she'll initial my butt in exchange for a nice back-rub."

"And I'll try that soccer girl, Traci," said Lori. "She's the rich one. Maybe she'll be satisfied if I kiss her feet or something like that." The two girls giggled together, then slowly headed upstairs.

Moments later, Alice heard a timid knock on her bedroom door. "Come in," she said. Lisa then entered, and saw Alice sitting on her large bed clad only in a tee shirt and panties. "Over here," she motioned to Lisa with her index finger. "Let's check you out." 

Lisa slowly made her way over to the older girl. "Turn around," Alice commanded. "I want to see if that sexy ass of yours feels as good as it looks."

"What are you doing?" Lisa asked in a shocked voice, as Alice's fingers began exploring her firm ass cheeks.

"Don't ask stupid questions," Alice responded, sharply slapping Lisa's sexy butt. "Take off those clothes and climb up onto this bed. I have something I want you to do before I sign my name to your butt."

Lisa obeyed, but felt horrified at what she was being asked to do. Obviously this girl was a lesbian, and Lisa had never so much as kissed a girl before tonight. And yet, here she was climbing onto another girl's bed, totally nude. 

"I'm going to go easy on you this first time," Alice said, gliding her hands along Lisa's smooth skin, "because we'll have many, many nights in the months ahead to get better acquainted. Right now, I just want to enjoy this pretty body of yours for a while." And with that she proceeded to lean over and kiss Lisa deeply on the lips, her tongue pushing past her lips, and on into her mouth. Meanwhile, her hands cupped Lisa's breasts, squeezing and tweaking her firm nipples. After a while her mouth left Lisa's, working its way down to her chin, then her neck, shoulders, and finally sucking and kissing her breasts. Lisa moaned, overcome by the passionate assault on her senses. Never before had she made out with another girl, and against all her wishes she was finding it incredibly exciting. 

When Alice raised her head to look Lisa in the face, she saw longing in the younger girl's eyes.

"That's enough for tonight," she said. "Roll over, babe, and give me that pen." And with that she signed her name on Lisa's smooth round derriere in indelible ink.

Meanwhile, Lori was in Traci's room, where she soon found herself being passionately kissed by the fiery soccer player. "What a little doll you are," remarked Traci, as she pulled off Lori's bra and panties. "Sharon told me she wanted you all for herself, but here at Alpha house we share." She laughed to herself, then pulled Lori over her lap. "I think for now I'll settle for a pleasant little spanking of this beautiful round butt." And with that she proceeded to slap Lori's tush repeatedly. At first Lori blushed with humiliation, but as the spanking continued she felt herself enjoying the sensation. By the time Traci finished Lori was wiggling her butt appreciatively with every stroke.

"You're a natural, babe," Traci murmured, grabbing the marker and scribbling her name on Lori's now-warmed ass cheeks before lifting the trembling girl up and kissing her deeply on the mouth. "I'm sure we'll be doing this again very soon." Lori left the room in a daze.

Meanwhile, Lisa had crossed the hall and knocked quietly on Sharon's door. "Come in," she heard, and opening the door found Sharon waiting there in a black negligee. "Oh, it's you," she said, seeing the nude young blonde standing before her. "I was kind of hoping to see your friend. But then," she smiled, "that will be later. As for now, I believe I'd like for you to give me a very sexy lap dance. And I won't be signing your pretty wiggling rear until I'm fully satisfied." 

With that she reached over and clicked on a hot salsa CD, turning up the sound as the exotic Spanish rythym filled the room. "Well, what are you waiting for?"

Lisa stood still for only a second longer, and then slowly began gyrating her lithe body before the dark-eyed, sultry woman before her. Sharon's hands reached up to pull her closer, turning her around in doing so, so that Lisa's butt was now in her face. Lisa acknowledged this, swaying it seductively before the older girl's appreciative eyes. "Ah, so sweet," purred Sharon, her hands coming up to gently caress the beautiful ass before her. Lisa was astounded at how turned on she was at this moment! Here, in this room, dancing naked for another woman, and loving it! By now Sharon's hands were roaming freely all over her body, at one time slapping Lisa's swaying butt, only inches from Sharon's face. As the song ended, so did Lisa's movements. Sharon then kissed her pretty round rear, then reached for the pen to sign her name right below where Alice had signed it not twenty minutes before. Then she patted Lisa's rump and motioned her out the door. "I've got preparations to attend to for the second course," she said, smiling.

Meanwhile, Lori had gone to Janelle's room. The tall, black basketball girl still had on her sweats, and was sitting at her desk as the still nude little gymnast entered, her bra and panties still on the floor in Traci's room. Janelle smiled. Oh, the fun she would be having with this cute little plaything later in the semester. But right now her thoughts were on her tall blonde friend in the next room. Nevertheless, she motioned Lori to approach her. The trembling girl slowed to a halt before her, awaiting orders. "Come up here, on my lap," said Janelle, soothingly. Lori climbed up like a little girl on her daddy's knee. Immediately Janelle began slowly stroking Lori's pretty little body. Her hands were everywhere, along her sides, up and down her legs, squeezing and caressing her breasts and ass. She kissed the younger girl deeply, then motioned her to get up and bend over her desk, which Lori quickly did, arching her perfumed ass upward for Janelle's attentions. The black girl then knelt down behind her and began kissing the gorgeous, pert little ass of the gymnast. Her lips covered the soft round mounds, licking and nipping the sweet-smelling skin. Lori moaned aloud. This was a new sensation for her, and she was loving it. Janelle's tongue then worked its way into the cleft between Lori's cheeks. The younger girl was in ecstasy as Janelle's tongue found her exposed asshole and pussy. Janelle continued to lick and Lori continued to moan aloud. Finally, the older girl edged back. "That's enough for tonight." She grabbed the marker and initialed Lori's ass, close to where Traci had done so not long before. She then got up, patted Lori's behind, kissed her, and sent her on her way.

Lisa was at that moment in Traci's room. Traci had earlier enjoyed administering a hand-spanking to Lori's cute little butt, but seeing this gorgeous tall blonde now nude and submissively waiting before her, decided to spice it up a bit.

"For you, my pretty pledge, I'm going to want to see you hopping." 

Lisa looked at her quizzically. "Hopping?"

"Yes, my pretty plaything, I said 'hopping.' Come over here," Traci said, reaching into a drawer and pulling out some velcro straps, which she then applied to Lisa's ankles, tying them together, along with her arms behind her back. Lisa was still standing, but she couldn't move, only hop. Traci then added a gag to keep her quiet, and then proceeded to slap Lisa's bare ass. "Now hop for me," she demanded.
