 Morning came way too early. Everyone had just piled into the two bedrooms and crashed. I looked over at Robin and Julie, who had joined me and saw they were still out. I managed to get out of bed went into the bath. I brushed my teeth while allowing the shower to warm up. As I got in, the hot water felt so good, soothing my aching body from the night before. As I scrubbed myself with body wash sponge and oleander soap, the aroma therapy helped renew me, and I was nearly ready for the day.

I got out of the shower and wrapped in a towel, headed for the kitchen. The aroma of coffee brewing will wake them up; at least I thought it would. About the time I started it brewing, Kelley came out from the other bedroom. Her hair was wet and she stood there in the doorway, naked, except for the towel she was using to dry her hair. She looked refreshed and, considering it was only eight-thirty, hot!

"Sleep well?" I asked.

"Passed out is more like it!" she replied with a little sneer.

"You mean you didn't attack anyone when you went to bed?" I jokingly asked.

"Are you kidding? We all just crashed! Too much of a good thing!"

"Same here. We just died!" I added.

As she went to the fridge to get some juice, she brushed against me in passing. I reached out and gave her butt a little squeeze. Ignoring my gesture, she got out some OJ and poured a glass.

"Want some?" she asked.

"Thanks, but I'll wait on the coffee!"

She sat down at the bar and turned toward me. As she sat there idly still drying her hair, her legs were slightly apart and her sex exposed to my view.

"I wouldn't mind some of that!" I said matter-of-factly pointing at her exposed crotch.

"Have at it!" she replied, widening the part of her legs. 

I walked over and knelt down in front of her. Parting her legs a little further, I was able to get between them and brought my mouth to her pink lips. I gave her a lick from bottom to top and then swirled my tongue around her now growing bud. A few swirls and it was now standing at attention, just begging to be sucked. Suck it I did! My head was bobbing on her swollen girl cock and I could feel her force herself against my face, trying to get me to suck it deeper into my mouth. I could feel the lubrication from her vagina leaking against my chin as I sucked her clit. She was really wet and from past experience, I knew she would not last long. Boy was I right! She grabbed the back of my head and held me tight against her dripping sex as she exploded.

"Jesus! Oh God....... I'm cummming!" she whispered hoarsely as she shuddered hard against my head.

I quickly released my tongue grip on her clit and stood up. I took a finger and wiped her goo into my mouth, slurping my finger on the way out.

"You're too easy!" I giggled.

"You're too good!" she retorted, slamming her legs together.

"What's going on?" Robin asked from the doorway of the bedroom.

"Making coffee!" I answered.

"Looks like you've got a little cream on your chin!" Robin laughed.

I wiped my finger across my chin and found I had missed a little.

Poking my finger into my mouth and sucking it I said, "Guess so!"

I walked over and poured coffee for Robin and me. I knew she couldn't survive in the morning without it.

"She took the cup and turned back to the bedroom. " Gonna grab a shower!"

"Thank you!" Kelley sneered. "You need one!" 

I laughed at their bantering, knowing it was all in fun. We were going to have a great day. 

I heard the other ladies stirring and a moan for some coffee came from Julie. I brought it to her as she lay in bed. She looked like hell.

"Hard night?" I asked with a smirk.

"She flipped me off and said, "Hard all night!"

She got up on one elbow and took the coffee from me. She certainly had no shyness anymore, as the sheet dropped away from her, exposing her breasts. 

"Nice tits!" I chided.

"Shut up, and let me grab a shower!" she growled.

I backed out of the room, my arms crossed in front of me feigning fear of an attack.

Kelley and I walked out onto the deck and looked out at the beach and the Pacific. There were a handful of people already staked out in their lounge chairs, waiting for the sun to warm the slightly chilly morning air. Kelley had not bothered to put clothes on yet and her areola and nipples were peaked out.

"Cold?" I asked as I pointed to her breasts.

"Only a little, mostly horney again!" 

"Give it a rest!" I told her. "We need to go shopping!"

We walked back inside, and found everyone was now up. Molly came out of the bedroom carrying her clothes, but not wearing anything.

"Going next door to shower. What's on the agenda for today?" she added.

"Shopping!" Proclaimed Kelley.

"You've got half an hour! I want some breakfast!" I said with a famished look.

"I'll be ready!" she said as she hurried out the door.

Everyone else was now dressed and sitting around the kitchen bar drinking coffee or juice.

The girls were all in either shorts or capris and tank tops. Giving them all the once over I could see they were all sans undies, both top and bottom.

Kellie quickly went in to the bedroom and came back in a flash. She was dressed the same. This was not good. I decided to break the mold and went in and put a short sundress on. "Panties or no?" I asked myself. I decided no! I figured if someone wanted to see my privates, they should be able to have an unobstructed view.

As I entered the kitchen again, I twirled around, showing off.

"Forget something?" Robin asked.

"What's your point? I retaliated.

Acting like her feelings were hurt she gave a pouty look and said, "It's our hooha!"

Everyone laughed and the chatter got louder as everyone was planning what they wanted to buy. There is nothing like a shopping trip to places you've never frequented, and three of them had never been to downtown Cabo. 

Molly reappeared in the doorway and asked, "Ready to go?"

"Waiting on you!" Shauna said.

We all walked out and started down the stairs to the walk.

"How far to town?" Julie asked.

"A nice walk!" I told her. 

We walked through the lobby of the main part of the complex and out the drive to the street. Cars were going by quickly and I warned everyone to stay on the sidewalk. The funny thing was that no taxis slowed down to even ask us if we were interested. I guess six women walking are too much for one cab anyway. 

Five minutes later we were around the last corner and nearing the market.

"Breakfast, anyone?" I asked.

There was no argument there. They were all as famished as I. We stopped at a small open air café just before the market. We were seated quickly by a handsome young man.

"Want me to order for all of us?" I asked. "We eat here all the time for breakfast. Really good, and a great local flavor.

"Just don't tell me what it is!" Kelley said.

The young man returned with a coffee pot in hand and three bottles of water. I don't know how he knew that three of the girls wanted water, or if it was just what he could carry.

"Carne Asada con heuvos ey pappas, por favor!" I said circling the table with my finger.

"Rojo" he asked.

No, se Verde!" I added.

He smiled and quickly left us to turn in the order.

"What did you order?" Kelley asked gingerly.

"Squid, Octopus and Tripe!" I said holding back a grin.

Robin burst out laughing. The others followed and Kelley blushed.

"OK! I deserved that!" she meekly giggled.

"Steak and Eggs!" I said truthfully this time.

"Thank God!" I was afraid I'd be eating some fish for breakfast!" She said as she winked at me.

"You mean like a tuna taco?" Molly asked.

This brought a laugh from everyone. I just smiled a little extra, knowing I'd already had one of those.

Our waiter had help bringing our food to the table. It was easy as everyone had the same thing. There was no shortage of food on the table that was for sure. One thing about the local eateries, they pile it on.

Conversation came to a halt as we all pigged out.

When we were finished, Robin picked up the bill and left a very generous tip.

"Where can you eat like this for thirty bucks?" she asked.

"That was all?" asked Kellie unbelieving.

This is not a tourist restaurant!" Molly said. "It's for the locals. But, we all know about it."

We left the little place and headed down to the market. As usual, the vendors were all trying to get our attention. The girls were having a ball. Nearly an hour went by just looking through all the little corners of the market before we decided to go to the big air-conditioned mall down town.

"Looks just like the malls at home." Shauna stated.

"A bit more pricey than most, but most of the shops are designer labels!" Molly replied.

"Let's go where we want and meet back in a couple of hours. It'll be time for a drink by then!" Robin suggested.

With that in mind, everyone paired off and searched for the next several hours. Kellie stayed with me and wanted to go in everywhere. I almost felt like a 'momma' taking her daughter shopping.

Two hours later, we met up at the fountain again to go get a drink. The only girl's who bought anything were Robin and Molly. All that shopping and one little bag. 

"Who's ready for the hot tub?" Shauna asked.

Everyone raised their hand so it was back to the condo. The fifteen minute walk had everyone sweating a little by the time we got to the gate. We wasted no time looking for suits, just taking a chance and scampering naked out to the tub. Robin was a little slow getting there but she came out carrying a chilled bottle of tequila, some limes and salt.

"Anyone for a margarita made in your mouth?" she questioned, knowing that everyone would like a shot. She put everything on the table next to the tub and climbed in.

Soon the salt and limes were being passed around. 

Sitting on the edge of the tub, I squeezed a little lime on both my nipples, causing them to become instantly hard. I then pressed them down into the slat and I was ready.

I didn't even get the words out of my mouth offering a lick, before Shauna and Julie were at my breasts, sucking the slat from my nipples. They spent more time than was necessary licking the salt off before taking a shot of tequila. While Julie was downing her shot, I place a wedge of lime in my mouth and offered it to her. She greedily sucked the lime from me, leaving a trail of juice, running down my neck and chest. Shauna was right there to lick it up. 

Soon, we were all doing body shots licking salt and sucking limes from everywhere. Kellie lie back on the side of the tub and put a wedge of lime between her legs, not far from her swollen lips. Robin didn't hesitate to bend forward and take the lime from her. She sucked the juice and then threw the lime onto the deck, diving back into Kellie's sex as Kellie spread her legs to allow access. Right to work on her bulging clit went Robin's lips. She sucked greedily on Kellie, causing her to arch her back up against Robin's mouth. Robin put her mouth over Kellie's entire hole, swallowing her lips and clit. 

"Feels kinda like my pussy pump!" she squealed.

Shauna turned to Molly and began licking her way down to Molly's breasts, suspended just above the surface. Molly sat up a little straighter and let her nurse to her hearts content.

Julie slid over beside me and I got back down into the tub. I could feel the heat of her passion as she kissed me deeply, her tongue snaking into my mouth, twirling around my tongue and into the far reaches. She used both hands to start massaging my breasts, squeezing my areola and nipples as her hands roamed all over them. 

As I watched Robin sucking the life out of Kellie, my pussy began to throb with arousal. Even though under water, I knew the wetness inside was all me. Julie dropped one hand under water and began to massage my mound with the heel of her palm. 

'Get back up on the edge!" she demanded.

I got back up and she began slathering my clit with her tongue, sliding three fingers easily inside of me. She began pumping those wonderful fingers into me with a rapid motion. I could hear the sloshing of my lubrication each time she withdrew them. 

Bringing her fingers to her mouth, she moaned, "Good way to wash down tequila!"

I threw my head back and let her go at me. The visual I was now getting from Robin and Kellie was going to put me over the edge. Kellie humping Robin's face as Robin's mouth engulfed her entire sex. 

As Kellie stiffened in orgasm, I lost it myself, clamping down hard on Julie's fingers, not wanting them to leave my vagina. She was sucking hard on my clit as I came.

I hope no one was anywhere near as Kellie and I came, because it was noisy.

As I stopped contracting on Julie's hand, she eased it from me and licked my juices from it. The four of us just sat back to watch Molly and Shauna, who had now began stroking each other in earnest. 

Shauna stopped for a moment and offered her hand to Molly. They got out of the tub and lay down beside it, still in our view, but hidden from anyone who might be able to see from anywhere else. 

Molly got on top of Shauna in a sixty-nine and they began slurping each other humping against each other's face. I don't think it took five minutes before they were both moaning loudly into each other, flooding mouths with the nectar they were searching for.

When they finally broke apart Shauna exclaimed, "Got too hot!"

We all laughed and decided to do another shot.

We went back inside to cut up some more limes and at least put some clothes on. As Robin cut the limes, my cell rang. It was Carl. I was beginning to wonder if he would call. I should have known. The girls were all getting their shots ready as I talked with my sweetie. We didn't talk long but at least I knew he missed me. 

After I hung up I asked, "Who wants to go fishing tomorrow? Carl arranged for a boat if we want to go. A full day on the beautiful Pacific!"

That got everyone's attention.

"I've never fished before!" admitted Kellie.

"Not a problem!" I told her. "All we have to do is reel 'em in!"

"Could we catch something we could eat?" asked Julie.

"Beats me!" I replied.

"I think the guys mentioned tuna and mahi, but don't quote me on that!" stated Molly.

"Sounds like a blast!" Shauna added.

"What about food tonight?" Robin asked hungrily.

"We eat out!" I said. "How about Italian? Romeo and Julietta's is just down the street."

It was agreed. Since it was getting that time, we all decided to get dress up and go. You'd think it would take six women hours to get ready. Not this crew. The sun had given us color, so no makeup allowed. Everyone was ready in a few minutes and we decided to open a bottle of wine.

Tequila, now wine, and I imagined more with dinner. Wild night ahead!

Robin came out of the bedroom with a very short flippy dress on. She twirled in front of us and quizzed, "Panties or not?" Since she didn't have any on, we all spoke in unison, "Not!"

Shauna reached up under her dress and pulled hers off, shooting them at Robin, "Can't be the only one commando!" she laughed.

One by one, everyone showed what they were wearing underneath it all, and except for Molly, we were all bare. She shrugged her shoulders and stripped hers off, too.

"Pray for no wind!" she said.

That brought a laugh from everyone as Robin poured the wine. 

"To our second night in Cabo! May it be as memorable as our first!" toasted Julie.

We all touched glasses and settled in for a wonderful wine. Carl knows how to stock a cellar. A bottle of wine between six doesn't go very far, so after one glass apiece we left for the restaurant. The short walk got everyone moving again and we were all very noisy as we entered. They got us a table for six in a corner of the small dining room and we all sat across from one another. 

As I perused the menu, I felt a foot touch my knee, and then slowly began sliding up my thigh. My legs were together, but I parted them just a bit and the foot slid higher. I looked over at Julie, across from me. She winked and smiled. After that evil little smile, my legs automatically parted further, allowing her access to my privates. Though my legs were hidden under the table, I still felt a little self-conscious allowing her free range to my sex. 

I could feel a bit of moisture leak from me and then a toe push against my vaginal lips. As wet as I was, that toe slid right in and began rotating around a little. 

No one at the table seemed to notice as I carried on a conversation about the menu and wine list. We all decided what we wanted and Robin ordered two bottles of wine. As the waiter came back with the wine and stood there at the table to open it, Julie increased her 

wiggling inside me. I tried not to let on the it was bothering me at all, but the moisture now escaping from me was evidence to the contrary.

As the waiter poured the wine a small sigh escaped me. Robin looked over and asked if I was alright.

"Couldn't be better!" I said.

"You look a little flushed!" she noted.

"Just a little warm in here." I replied and took a sip of wine.

Julie pulled her toe from me and moved it gently over my clit, causing me to let another small sigh out.

Julie laughed and then stopped. I could tell she had only wanted to tease me a little at the table, not wanting me to have a major O right there. She smiled at me and brought her finger to her lips in a 'sshh' motion.

I understood completely. My only problem now was that I had to pull my dress from under my butt and let myself seep onto the chair, not wanting to have a big wet spot when we walked home.

The meal was absolutely superb and the wine had us going pretty good by the time we left. Molly and robin wanted to do a little shopping again so they left us to go back downtown.

"Don't start without us!" Robin yelled from halfway down the block.

Kellie merely flashed her and we started home.

"Anyone for the hot tub?" I asked knowing the answer. Soon the four of us were drinking more wine and soaking in the tub. Somehow, we ended up paring off in the tub to play a little kissy-face and crotch groping. Shauna and Kellie were starting to get hot and heavy so I decided to get out of the tub and get another glass of wine. Julie got out with me and we sat naked at the bar enjoying our wine.

"Wanna fool around?" she asked.

I didn't really answer, but instead got off the bar stool, got a pillow from the couch and knelt down in front of her. I wiggled myself in between her legs, causing her lips to gape open and a small trickle of fluid to escape.

"I looked up at her and quizzed, "I suppose you're just wet from being in the tub?"

"That's it! Just water from the tub!" she grinned.

The moisture had collected at the lower end of her opening in a small viscous pool. I watched as a small droplet slowly dripped down onto the stool. Seeing that, I lowered my face and licked the drop up.

"Doesn't taste like water to me!" I laughed.

She grabbed the back of my head and forced my mouth onto her sex. It really wasn't necessary as that was where I was headed anyway. 

I lapped the puddle from her sex and then began fucking her with my tongue. She held me tight and forced her mound hard against my face. She began rotating her hips trying to force my tongue deeper inside her. I pulled back away from her a little and snaked my tongue down to her puckered little butt. I stuck my tongue inside her tight little opening and she went crazy. She began to nearly fall out of the chair as she humped my face. I kept my tongue buried in her ass as she began to finger her clit rapidly back and forth. 

Hardly a few minutes went by and I could feel her arch tighter against my face, still stroking her clit a mile a minute. I was ready for it when she let loose with a massive orgasm. 
