 "Five AM comes awfully early when you've partied hard the night before. Today was no exception. I rolled out of bed naked, and turned on the coffee. Then I set about the task of getting the ladies up. Shauna and Julie were easy. Not so with the other three. When I entered the bedroom they were sharing for the night, it reeked of sex. They were all sprawled out nude on the bed, sleeping in the position, I'm sure they ended in.

"Get up ladies! Time to go fishing!" I yelled from the doorway.

The only response was that "Universal Peace Greeting" finger from Robin.

"Last call!" I reminded.

"We're not going. We decided that before we passed out last night!" Kellie hoarsely whispered.

"You're loss!" I said as I closed the door.

By the time I got back to the bedroom, Julie and Shauna were in the shower. I opened the shower door and screeched "Caught you!"

It's was true. Shauna was using a large amount of soap and paying way too much attention to Julie's nether region for it to be just a cleaning.

I went back out and grabbed a cup of coffee and awaited my turn in the shower.

Ten minutes later, Julie walked into the kitchen with a big grin on her face. "Great way to start the day! Shower's all yours!"

I poured her a cup of coffee and headed to the shower. Shauna was standing naked drying her hair. I slapped her ass as I walked by.

"You've got a rosy glow from that shower!" I teased.

"You want one, too?" she retorted.

I didn't answer, but turned on the shower and got in. I figured if she wanted something, she'd just get back in the shower again. I was right.

"Don't get my hair wet!" she pleaded.

"I'll try not to!" I laughed.

She filled her hand with soap and began rubbing it all over me, paying particular attention to my lower region. When she was satisfied it was soapy enough, she began rubbing her hand rapidly across my mound, causing me to arch forward against her blurred fingers, now rubbing my lips as fast as her arm could move.

I let out a long moan and for some strange reason, lost it just that quick. I grabbed her hand and held it against my soapy mound as I shuddered to a very quick orgasm.

I recovered quickly and began rinsing off.

"That was easy!" she giggled.

By the time I got out of the shower, she had dried her hair and was slipping on her swimsuit. I admired her trim little body and those perky areola and nipples that were threatening to poke through the thin material. My eyes moved down her body to her mound jutted from the front of her suit.

"You'd better put on a pair of shorts over that!" I suggested. "All your girl parts are prominent!"

She rubbed her crotch and said "Might get a little wet, too!"

"I'm sure it already is!"

She went into the bedroom and pulled on a little jean mini and said "Someone might want a little peek out on the boat!"

"I don't think the fish will be interested!" I laughed back at her.

I finished drying my hair, and noticed material lying on the counter. It was the lining of the bust and crotch of her suit. 

"You're a bad girl!" I said shaking my finger at her. "A bad girl!"

She just wiggled her ass at me and left the room to get some coffee.

I slipped on a suit and pulled a pair of shorts on. Even though the lining was intact on my suit, my nipples were poking hard against the material. We all had that problem.

I through some things into a beach bag and went to join them. It was now seven and we had to be at the marina by eight.

"Let's go ladies! Time to catch a fish!"

I left a note for the others that we'd be back about three and to have some bread and salad prepared for our fish feast that evening. I knew nothing would be done when we got back, but I gave it my best shot.

We only had to wait about five minutes for a taxi to come by. I thought he would have a wreck turning it around as fast as he did to pick us up.

Donde?"

"La Marina, por favor!" I told him.

We all noticed he kept looking in his mirror almost constantly as we rode the short distance to our destination. He was very happy.

We arrived at the Marina as the deck hands were getting the boat ready. Carl had really planned for a day of fishing for us. It was a gorgeous 45 foot cruiser totally set up for a big day of fishing. The hands helped us on board and immediately we went below to see the accomodations. This is fishing in luxury. It had everything you could imagine including a full galley and separate bathroom. This was going to be fun.

The captain showed up while we were below and came down the stairs. He had a big grin on his face and said "You ladies ready to fish?"

We all answered at once "Let's go!"

We were soon headed out of the marina into the very calm Pacific.

As soon as we were about a mile off shore, he slowed the boat and the hands began setting out the lines.

We all went up to the tower with the captain and enjoyed the great view.

"You'd better get down on deck!" he said with a laugh. "We'' be into fish before you know it."

We scrambled down the ladder and Shauna sat herself down in the fighting chair.

"I've never caught a fish, so I get to go first!" she screamed at us. 

The deck hands just laughed at her antics as she pretended to catch something with her imaginary fishing rod. The was fairly short lived as one of the deck hands shouted "Dorado!" and pointed behind the boat.

All I could see was some splashing on the surface about fifty feet behind us. The it hit one of the lures. A beautiful blue-green fish leapt clear of the water and the deck hand grabbed the rod and stuck it between Shauna's legs. He showed her how to reel and pull back to keep the line tight as the fish had other intentions.

I thought I would pee myself as I watched her in the chair. As a matter of fact, I thought she would pee herself from her excitement. 

Five minutes later, the deck hand was pulling the fish over the back of the boat. It was flopping all over the deck before he got it under control. He held it up by the tail and motioned for Shauna to hold it. She looked over at me and I told her to do what he says.

As she held the ten pound Dorado up, I got a picture of her beaming ear to ear. She was really excited.

The next fish took a while longer to bite. We spent several hours searching for diving birds before we finally had another strike. This time Julie got in the chair and like the first fish, it was leaping skyward for five minutes before it gave up and came to the boat. It was nearly identical to the first fish. We now had supper for at least two nights.

"The next one is mine!" I proclaimed. "Stay out of that chair!"

Well, that is part of fishing, because we went two hours without having anything behind us. I was getting frustrated that I wasn't going to catch anything. I knew I would never hear the end of it from the other ladies if that happened. 

We had about an hour fishing left when the captain all of a sudden gunned the boat hard and the hand grabbed the big rod that was stuck in the pole in the tower. The other mate began quickly reeling in the other four rods. I thought we were getting ready to go back in. Wrong!

He stuck the rod in front of me in the chair hold and it bent over nearly double. Far behind the boat, a huge fish leapt from the water and for lack of a better term, walked on its tail, nearly a hundred yards behind the boat. I watched helplessly as the line began disappearing from my reel as the fish ran away from the boat. 

"Marlin!" the deck hand grinned.

The captain maneuvered the boat to get closer to the fish as the deck hand showed me what to do. This was not like catching a trout. Thirty minutes later, the fish still a long way from the boat; I was feeling a really bad burn in my arms and back.

"You're sweating, Marsha!" Shauna laughed.

I just gave her a nasty smile and said "And you wouldn't be?"

Another ten minutes went by and I finally had the fish next to the boat. Then it jumped again. It was magnificent. The hand grabbed the steel leader and pulled the fish along side. We took a few pictures as he held the fish by the boat. It looked like it was ten feet long. The other hand grabbed a long pole with a point on it. I thought he was going to bring it aboard.

"Libertad es grande!" he exclaimed and stuck the point into the back of the fish. As he pulled the point back out, I saw the long tag sticking from the fish.

I gave him a thumbs up as he removed the hook from the magnificent fish and it slowly swam away from the boat. Tired, but very much alive. I was very happy. I was also very wet.

"That was awesome!" Shauna said. "How big was it?"

"A lot bigger than me!" I added.

The hand told us about seventy-five kilos. He added it was a Blanco or White Marlin.

The captain came down and congratulated me, and then went below and got out flags for the boat. Each of us got to hoist a fish flag as we turned back to go in. What a day!

As we got back to the harbor, people were gathered at the docks to see what had been caught that day. As we pulled up to the dock, several people came to the boat and asked us how we did.

Julie pointed to the flags and said beaming "Not bad!"

The mate got out the two Dorado and held them up. 

"Where's the Marlin?" someone from the crowd asked.

"In the Pacific!" Julie replied.

The guy just shook his head and said "Sure!"

Julie jumped off the boat and showed him the picture on the camera; he blushing a little and said "OK! We didn't catch anything!"

As we got ready to depart the boat, I tipped the captain and each mate a hundred each.

They were very grateful for us to be that generous and beamed with big smiles. One of the hands handed Julie a bag of fillets and we began walking to the main street to get a cab. It had been a wonderful day, and the way we felt, knew it would be a wonderful evening. I couldn't wait to get in the hot tub. I was sore.

We got a taxi right away and were soon back at the condo. As we entered, laughter could be heard from the hot tub. Two ladies were in it and sipping on some wine. I put the fish in the refrigerator and began stripping my way to the deck. I was dodging clothes all the way. By the time I got there. Shauna and Julie had already joined Robin and Kellie.

"Where's Molly" I asked.

"The boys got back about three hours ago. She decided she'd better go home with them! Catch any fish?" Robin added.

"Tell her!" I told Julie. "She'll never believe me!"

"It was awesome! Julie bubbled. "We all caught something! Wait until you see the pictures!"

"Fish for dinner?" Kellie asked.

"I'll get started as soon as I relax a bit!" I told her.

"I'm hungry!" she stated.

Robin point to her lower level and said "Eat this!"

"Not now ladies! I told them. "Wait until after dinner!"

Both Robin and Kellie had that hang-dog look for a minute, but I didn't want anything started with the door wide open and a possibility of the Molly and the boys walking back in. 

We all soaked in the tub for a while and then decided it was time for dinner. At least Robin and Kellie had gone to the market and got everything for salad, bought a few loaves of Mexican bread and a few bottles of wine and champagne.

"As I got the fish ready to cook, Julie made a great looking salad and began to heat up the bread.

"Someone go tell Molly and the guys to get over here for dinner!" I said as I got ready to throw the fillets in the pan. 

Shauna went next door and soon returned with the others in tow.

"Any luck?" John said with a big grin.

""A little...." I replied.

Julie got the camera and began showing them the pictures of our fishing expedition.

'Whoa!" John said with a start. "Who caught the Marlin?"

Beating my chest a little like Tarzan, I replied, "Little old me!"

"Sure beats anything we caught. All we got were a bunch of tuna and a couple of roosterfish. But....that's fishing!"

The fish was soon done and we all grabbed plates and loaded them up. Robin poured wine for everyone and we sat down to a great feast. By the time we were done, everyone was stuffed. 

"I'm ready for bed!" Molly said with a little wink.

"Hope you girls didn't party too hard while we were gone!" John added as the three of them exited next door.

"Get some for me!" I mouthed at Molly as she turned around to say goodnight.

She just smiled a little and mouthed back "I'm sure I will!"

As the door closed, Robin jumped up and went to the living room.

"Let's fuck!" she ordered.

The rest of us were all cleaning up as Robin stripped off her little sundress and put on a leather harness. She waved it around and then began to jack herself off, much to everyone's amusement.

Kellie stopped drying dishes and walked to where Robin was beating her rubber meat striping on the way.

"Mind if I "pump up" first?" Kellie asked as she started to strip.

"Please do!" Robin laughed as she continued to wave her rubber cock around.

Kellie ran naked to the bedroom and soon returned with her pussy pump in hand. She quickly lay down on the blanket placed the pump over her already swollen lips and began pumping the rubber bulb. After she had given it about twenty pumps, she was satisfied it would do the job. She motioned for Robin to kneel in front of her and was soon swallowing as much of Robin's cock as she could handle. Kellie lay there on her back as Robin began fucking her mouth with it. Kellie's nipples and areola were now rock hard and swelling away from her little breasts. Robin began squeezing Kellie's nipples, making them stand out even more.

We had finished doing the dishes so we joined them in the living room, enjoying the little show they were putting on. It was a real erotic sight, seeing Robin jack-off her rubber cock into Kellie's mouth. Kellie was slobbering all over it, and it glistened each time it left her gaping mouth.

I could tell from the look on Robin's face, the flush on her checks and shortness of breath that she would soon cum.

I was right on.

Robin wailed as she jacked the cock into Kellie's mouth and stiffened.

"Oh Jesus.......I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum in your mouth you nasty little slut. Swallow.....Swallow it!" Robin demanded.

Robin quivered and shock as she pressed the cock deep down Kellie's throat. Kellie choked a little as she tried to take all eight inches. Couldn't be done, but Robin was totally happy as she looked down at Kellie.

"As Robin pulled the cock from Kellie, Kellie released the vacuum on the pump. Her lips and clit were now swollen to twice her normal excited state and almost purple. I could see a little clear lubrication now coating her lips. She brought the pump to her mouth and proceeded to lick all the juices that had run out of her while it was attached. When she was satisfied it was empty, she got on her hands and knees and put her backside to Robin.

"Fuck me with that big cock of yours!" she almost demanded. "Fuck me now!"

Not wasting any time, Robin drove it between her swollen lips and buried it all the way in on the first stroke.

"Kellie winced just a little, and then pushed herself back against Robin. Robin began pistoning into her rapidly, each time nearly withdrawing and then pushing it back tight against Kellie's butt.

Shauna and Julie were now making out on the couch. Shauna's hand found its way into Julie's shorts. I figured I might as well Join Robin and Kellie, so I lay down on the floor and made my way under Kellie, watching as Robin's cock went in and out of Kellie's swollen sex. The pale pink cock was now fully coated with Kellie's wetness, and was looking really appetizing to me. I reached up and pulled the cock from Kellie, sucking it into my mouth. I savored the taste of her sticky juices and then shoved it back into her, now focusing my attention on her swollen and highly sensitive clit. I wrapped my tongue around it, and then sucked it into my mouth.

A squeal left Kellie as I did this and she forced her sex downward and onto my face, trying to fuck my face as Robin pummeled her. 

"Oh God.....I'm gonna cum again!" I heard Robin scream, though my ears were tightly covered with Kellie's thighs. 

She kept that cock buried in Kellie as she shock and held tight against her. 

When Robin finally stopped having her multiple orgasm, she began to slowly withdraw her rubber cock from Kellie. As it left Kellie's vaginal canal, it fell right into my mouth. Once again I focused my attention on cleaning Kellie's delicious juices from it. My duties were short-lived.

Kellie now sat back on my face and began rubbing her clit back and forth. I knew she was desperate to cum so I just locked my lips over her swollen labia and suck for all I was worth.

It seemed like it was almost instantaneous as she began tightening her thighs against me, not wanting me to move at all. I could feel the quivering in her legs as she ground herself against my face.

A long wail left her mouth as she exploded in a big time orgasm. I could feel the pulsing of her sex against my mouth as I attempted to suck the orgasm from within her.

Oh God.....Oh God.......I'm cummmmming!" she screamed.

As she continued pulsing, I felt her tighten up a little on her pelvic floor and knew what was coming. It began as a few small squirts, and then became a steady stream as she peed into my sucking mouth. I sucked harder and just opened my throat, allowing her to empty herself. The feeling of her hot urine going down my throat, made me suck even harder and close my mouth over her entire sex. 

When she finally stopped squirting down my throat she got of me and stood up, standing over me with a big grin on her face.

"Sorry!" she said sheepishly, but I had to!"

Robin wasted no time in kneeling above my face, deciding it was her turn. She pulled aside the crotch of the harness, and knelt over me, her lips splayed wide. I saw the opening to her urethra expand and then watched as the first squirt of urine hit my mouth. 

Squatting over me, Robin emptied her bladder, hold my head so I couldn't move. She was also full. I swallowed every drop she had to offer. When she finally stopped peeing, I gave a loud belch, from everything I'd swallowed. She sort of laughed and put her cock harness back in place.

"Anyone else gotta pee?" she asked evilly.

Shauna and Julie had already removed their shorts and got up from the couch. Shauna dropped to her knees over my face and I braced myself for another round.

"You alright with this?" she asked with a grin.

I just opened my mouth and began to suck her entire sex into my mouth as she began to squirt little jets into me. She quickly finished and got up, being replaced immediately by Julie. Julie's vagina was already dripping juices as she lowered herself onto my face. She began rubbing her clit furiously as I felt her tighten and began forcing her hot urine into my mouth. I was totally full as she finished. She must have been close to an orgasm as she peed, because as she pulled up, and let the last little squirt hit my open mouth, I could see her vaginal walls began contracting and shortly, that tell-tale Julie laughter hit.

She came.

"Everyone done!" I asked propping myself on one elbow.

Giggles from all around the room were the only answers. 

"Get me a wine glass!" I asked Robin.

She handed me an empty glass and gave me a quizzed look.

"Not everyone is done!" I stated and got up on my knees. I half squatted over the glass and held my lips apart and began emptying myself into the goblet. I filled it to about half, and stopped peeing. No one moved as I brought the glass to my lips and downed it. I think they thought it was their turn, but I just put the glass back below my engorged lips and emptied the rest of my bladder into the glass, this time, nearly filling it full.

"Sorry Robin!" I said pouring the hot urine into my mouth and swallowing all of it in two gulps.
