 Another typical Saturday night. My fiance and our two friends Chelsey and Brad were over having dinner at our place. We were all pretty bored since we do this every weekend. The guys were definitely bored and all they could talk about were cars, engines, horse power, and other guy friendly topics. My hubby to be brought up the fact that there was a car meet going on in town later on starting around 9. Brad's face lit up. Both of the boys faced us as if to ask just by simply turning on the puppy dog faces. I turned to Chelsey. She looked at me. "FINE!" we said in unison. They gathered up their coats and loaded up. They left as quickly as they could.

"I guess they needed to get away from all of this estrogen!" Chelsey offered.

"Or maybe they were just tired of hearing about which book we've been reading or which vampire movie is our favorite!" I joked.

Bored once again, Chelsey looked around. "Um...LeeAnn...What in the hell are we going to do all night? Those goof balls aren't going to be coming back ANY time soon." 

"Movie?" I suggested. 

"Awesome! Funny, Horror, or Drama?" She asked as she browsed the blu-rays on the shelf.

"HORROR!!!! We just got the WHOLE Freddie Kruger box set" I explained as I put a bag of popcorn in the microwave and snagged a huge blanket from the linen closet.

"Perfect...But I'm going to squeeze you to death...those movies have ALWAYS freaked me out" Chelsey warned.

My interest was peaked at the possibilities. "That's ok, you can cuddle up with me Chels, I won't bite, Er, uh, Scratch rather!" 

She shot me a coy smile over her shoulder while trying to load the movie. "OooooK, You asked for it." She giggled and hopped on the couch, draping us both with the blanket.

I could feel her warmth and smell the scent of her honey suckle body wash. I've always thought Chelsey was gorgeous. Her dark brown hair was always perfect with its loose flowing curls that seem to always frame her round face effortlessly. Her olive complected skin was dewy and flawless. Her honey brown eyes were endless. Let's be real, her body had more curves than a rally race track. Her bubble butt was amazing and perky. It just sits on the top of her muscular legs like a shelf. Her full D cup breasts are hard not to stare at, especially tonight since they aren't trapped in bra. They have just been bouncing in her spaghetti strap shirt all night, begging me to caress, lick, and squeeze them. She is a constant wet dream of an American sweetheart.

"LeeeeeAaaannn!!! Earth to LeeAnn! The popcorn is done popping and the menu screen has looped like 10 times while you've been sitting there with that goofy grin on your face" She sighed sitting crisscross apple sauce with her arms folded in front of her ample chest.

"SORRY! Just in La-La-Land tonight, I guess! I'll grab the popcorn, and a couple of water bottles out of the fridge. Go ahead and start the movie...nothing happens right out of the gate anyways!" I rambled hoping to cover up my blushing cheeks.

"Goodness ME LeeAnn, Are your shorts short enough? I think I caught a glimpse of your pussy lips!" Gasped Chelsey

"JEEZ, Are you looking that hard as I walk away Chels? I'll be right back!!!" Blushing even harder I try to pull my shorts down a bit but there is no use, they are pretty short. I stop and shake my head. I'm not a kid, why is my heart beating so fast? Its just my best friend. The girl I grew up with. The girl who built sheet forts in my bedroom when we were kids. The girl who I've secretly always wanted to see completely butt ass naked, sprawled out on my bed, beckoning me with her finger. SNAP OUT OF IT LEEANN!!!

"Popcorn: Check! Beverages: Check! Movie: Check!" I report as I walk back into the living room.

"Great! Sit your skimpy ass down lets get to it!" Chelsey jokes.

We cuddle up together as the movie unfolds. All I can think of is Chelsey's tits resting on my shoulder and her arms linked with mine as she hugs up next me. Who cares that those kids have nightmares. Who cares that a man with knives strapped to his hands is coming for them. My pussy is throbbing because Chelsey is too close not to think about stripping her naked and licking her dry. 

"HOLY SHIT!" Chelsey screamed as she jumped on top of me. Her hand is resting on my thigh.

"calm down! nothing has happened YET!" 

"Whatever hoe" 

"What the Fuck Chels! What's gotten into you? Whats with this "Skimpy" and "hoe" talk all of a sudden???" I ask, pausing the movie.

"I'm just kidding, You're not mad are you?"

"Yeah, Chelsey. Kinda am! Why do you think so low of me?" 

"I DON'T!!!" Chelsey exclaimed turning her body to face me 100%.

"Yeah, It sure feels like you don't!" Hurt, I simply start the movie and stare ahead.

Still staring at me Chelsey sighs and puts her hand on my shoulder. I look at her.

"What Chelsey?" I ask.

"Pause the movie again, I want to tell you something...."

Movie is paused. "OK, Spill it" I say, slightly annoyed.

"I....I don't think you're a hoe at all. Actually I think you are really pretty and you're a great person!" She began. "You're HOT, actually. I love Brad and all but sometimes....sometimes I think of you." She blushes a bright red which makes her even cuter.

"I'm HOT? How do you think of me? What does that have to do with Brad, Chelsey? What are you talking about?" I ask, turning to face her on the couch.

"You know...I think about you..."

"Like????" I press.

"Like this!!!!" She stops to lean forward and gently press her soft, full lips to mine.

Shocked I part my lips to offer up my tongue, she takes it and leans into me on the couch so that her chest is pressed to mine. We sit exploring each others mouths. My heart is thrumming so hard I hear it in my ears, feel it in my throat, and my finger tips start to tingle. Now aware of my finger tips I bring my hand up to her neck and I slip it up so that her thick hair is mine to play with. She sighs into my mouth and pulls back with a content smile on her face.

"That's IT??!?!?!?!" I urge.

"what? Uh, Er, I didn't think the rest of it through. I just knew that I would kiss you before the night was over" She stammered.

"I've been dreaming of this forever and now that I know what I know, we are not leaving it here." I say as I toss the blanket on the floor, pull her shirt up and over her head, and lay her back on the couch. Her titties sit perfect on her chest with her tiny erect nipples pointed up at me. Begging me to suck them, lick them, nibble on them until my heart's content. I bend down and bring my mouth irresistibly close so that I'm sure she can feel the heat of my breath on her skin. Her breath catches when I extend my tongue down to her hard nipple. I lick circles around and pull it in my mouth for a long sensuous suck. Chelsey shudders a moan and looks down at me. 

"Please don't tease me LeeAnn I've waited long enough...Please....take my shorts off." She begs.

I comply slowly taking her shorts off, then I pull her thong off and toss it on the floor with her shirt and blanket. I look down at myself and giggle.

"This isn't very fair huh? Let me even the playing field up a bit." I grin a sexy grin as I stand up and do a cute strip tease for my best friend. When I get down to my panties I stop and rub my pussy through the fabric. Chelsey's eyes widen and her hand drops to her exposed pussy to play with her soaking wet lips. I reach down and brush her hand away from her pussy.

"No ma'am...not so fast!" I scold her while shaking my head no. She grins, blushes, and watches me shed the last piece of fabric so that I'm completely naked standing in front of her. She sits up in front of me and pulls me to her. 

"get on your knees." She tells me. I listen. Well hell, I'm interested so of course I listen. Once I'm kneeling in front of her she kisses me hard while tweaking my nipples. I moan and reach up to rub her tits as well. She pushes me back onto the blanket that was tossed to the floor and kisses down my neck, chest, stopping to suck on my nipples. She continues her moist kiss trail to my belly button where she stops to kiss tenderly. 

"Now I need to tell YOU to stop teasing ME Chels. DAMNIT girl touch my pussy!" I demand.

"Ok OK OK!" She grins a devilish grin up at me while she plays with my pussy lips. "Ohhh...You're so WET and warm LeeAnn, You smell heavenly" she sighs as she dips her head down between my legs and tastes my dripping love box. She begins her torture with LONG slow licks from my pussy entrance all the way up to my hardened clit. 

"UGHHHG, Yess...that's good. Make me cum Chels. Make me cum on your face baby" 

"Yes Ma'am" She states as she full out assaults my pussy. She begins pumping two of her long slender fingers deep into my pussy while she sucks and licks my clit. My juices were flowing heavily now as my pussy began to contract. "UGHHHG YESSS!! Keep going! Don't STOP!" My Pussy was on fire when my orgasm hit exploding shock waves through my body. "AHHHH FUCK MEEE Goddamnit!" I yell while my hips buck and thrash around. 

"hold still baby, let me clean you up" Chelsey explained in a tender and loving tone as my orgasm subsided. She made sure I was dry and clean before she turns to grab her shirt. 

"UM hell no you don't. Lay down baby girl I want to fuck you." I tell her.

"You don't have to LeeAnn, that was for you!" She smiles at me.

"I really would like to make you feel as good as you made me feel Chelsey." I explain, more serious now. I laid her down gently and kissed Chelsey all over her chest, stomach, shoulders, neck (especially the neck) and back to her chest paying close attention to Chelsey's nipples and their reaction to the tender love pecks. Her sexy curvy body called out to me as I spread her tanned legs. Her pussy was dripping her juices and I couldn't wait to taste it. Leaning down to dip my tongue into her pussy she sighed and I could see her relax. A sign letting me know she was more than ok with me bringing her to climax. I began circling her clit with my tongue to bring her as close to the edge as possible before tongue fucking her pussy. She arched her back and began a long throaty moan letting me know she was getting close so I let my thumb continue rubbing her clit so that I could dip my tongue in and out of her wet center. She went wild screaming and squirming. I sped up tongue fucking her as fast and hard as I could. She all of a sudden went still I looked up as she bit down on her shirt and came with such a force that had her hip bucking like a bull. I held on to her waist letting my tits press to her pussy while she rode out the pleasure waves.

We laid naked for a while until we realized that we probably couldn't be FOUND like that. We got up with not much conversation gathered up our clothes, put them on, straightened up our hair. Finally our eyes met.

"So, We just fucked" I said.

"Yes, yes we did...How do you feel about it?" Chelsey asked hesitantly. 

"I feel amazing about it. I still love Craig though Chelsey..." I stated. 

"OH I still love Brad too!!! I was just hoping that maybe we could do this again..." She hinted. 

"Oh HELL YES! I agree. We totally should." I beamed.

"Great! Awesome...Um so about that popcorn and movie??"