 If you read, please do the courteous thing, and vote/comment/leave feedback. We authors work hard and it's nice to be recognized. Feedback encourages us to write more. I hope you enjoy! ;)~ 

******************************

After our night of wild, cum-drenched sex, Shannon and I became much closer. We'd been fucking each other for a while, but something sparked that night that hadn't previously been there. We had never really seen each other at our raunchiest and most exposed, and it was a revealing and intimate experience. We both found out things about each other that we didn't expect, and found we had more in common than we'd ever imagined.

We cuddled in the hot tub after the party and talked for a long time, deciding that we wanted to start actually dating instead of just calling each other up to get off. We both agreed that we wanted our relationship to be open because we were completely bisexual, and neither of us could ever stand to swear off men. After that night, my lust for cum was turning into an addiction. Too much was never enough. I could be completely covered from head to toe and still be craving more.

We also talked about all the kinds of sex we hadn't had the chance to experiment with, agreeing that it would be much more fun to do it together. Bondage, exhibitionism, domination, were all things we hadn't really delved into, but were extremely interested in experiencing with each other. I even told her my nastiest fantasy, something I'd never told anyone, of being completely fucked and degraded by a group of men while another woman watched and directed the action. She thought that was totally hot and definitely wanted in, even suggesting that she could film it for later enjoyment.

The warm jets of water from the hot tub eventually made the ache in our muscles subside. I helped Shannon into the shower and we stripped off our wet lingerie, washing each other clean of the cum on and in our bodies. I crawled into bed and she followed, both of us falling asleep tangled in each others arms, completely exhausted and sore from such a crazy, wild night. It was the first time I could ever remember having my sexual desires and lust completely sated. It was an incredible feeling, but it left me so tired i could barely move.

******************************

I woke up to sun streaming through the curtains. Looking next to me I saw Shannon laying on her side, her head up on the pillows and her brown hair covering her face. It was cold, and most of the covers had fallen off me. I slid back under them with her and put one leg over hers, my arm falling around her naked back. I kissed the curve of her shoulder, slowly working my way down toward the soft curve of her boobs, kissing and flicking the tip of my tongue lightly across her skin. I licked the underside of her breast, moving into her cleavage and trailing my tongue all the way up to her collarbone. I moved my kisses up her neck, blowing warm breath across her smooth skin and caressing her back. She began to stir as my touch slowly woke her from her deep sleep. I lightly brushed the little wisps of hair from her face, tucking them behind her ear, and smiled at her.

"Good morning..." I whispered.

Her eyes squinted in the light and she stretched a little, raising her arms up above her head.

"Mmmm.... morning..." she groaned, flashing me a big smile.

She wrapped her arm around me, rolling me on my back and leaning in to kiss me. I wrapped my legs around her waist and rested my heels on her ass as our lips met. Her soft, warm tongue slid into my mouth, tangling with my own and exploring my teeth and gums. I brought my hands to her face and the back of her neck as I stroked her tongue lightly with mine before pushing it into her mouth and lightly flicking her teeth, lips, and tongue with the tip. I pulled her tongue between my lips and gently sucked on it, breaking the kiss and working my way up her cheek, sucking on her earlobe and licking along the curve of her ear.

"Mmmm..." she moaned. "That feels so good..."

I rolled back on my side and continued licking her ear, feeling her hot breath on my neck. I flattened my hand against her stomach, sliding it down her abdomen, past her bellybutton, finally finding her clit and stroking it. I flicked it with the tip of my finger and she jumped, letting out a little gasp. We were both pretty sensitive from the previous nights fucking. I ran my fingers over her thigh to her back, cupping her ass in my hand. Sliding one of my legs between hers, I rolled her over so that I was on top of her. I let my silky blonde hair cascade down around our faces as I rubbed my pussy on her thigh and sucked on her tongue. I absolutely love this. There is nothing more erotic than feeling a warm, wet tongue sliding between your lips.

She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of me pulling her tongue into my mouth, flicking the tip of it with mine. My pussy juices started to flow, making her thigh slick and wet as my labia spread out against it. I let her tongue go with a little pop and moved down her body, licking down her chin to her neck, and down into the valley between her soft tits. I licked the entire circumference of her breast, slowly spiraling inward until I was sucking on her nipple, making it wet. I released it and blew cool breath over it, making it stiffen and moving to the other, doing the same.

I continued kissing and licking down her flat stomach, caressing the underside of her breasts with my tongue, leaving a little trail of wet saliva all the way down to her pussy. I spread her legs with my hands and licked her thighs, trailing my way right up to the edge of her lips. She started to whimper, begging me to touch her pussy. Bringing my hands right up to the edge of her lips, I scratched lightly all the way down the inside of her thighs with my long nails, leaving little pink trails and following them back up with the tips of my fingers, fluttering them over her skin and tickling her. Her hips started to rotate and her whimpers increased, urgently trying to get me to touch her pussy.

I bent my head forward and flicked her swollen clit with my tongue, sticking two fingers into my mouth and getting them nice and wet. I rubbed them up and down the folds of her labia before splitting her lips and sliding them into her velvety pussy. I found her g-spot and made a little hook with my fingers, stroking it back and forth.

"Ohhhh, fuck..." she moaned.

"That feel good baby?" I whispered.

She turned her head and sighed into the pillow. "Mmm hmm..." Her eyes locked tight and her back arched.

Leaning my head down, I spit onto the top of her pussy, bringing my thumb up and massaging her clit hard. She bucked on my fingers and bit into the pillow as I brought my mouth down and inhaled her clit. I slurped it into my mouth and flicked my tongue across it quickly while I finger fucked her. I pulled my fingers out of her, stroking them over her pussy lips and watching her juices run down her labia to the crack of her ass. It was so fucking erotic to watch the little rivulets of her juices running down over her shaved mound and between the folds of her lips. Her pussy glistened. I brought my hand to her mouth and shoved my fingers past her lips. She stared into my eyes and sucked on them, running her tongue over and around each finger and kissing the tips with her soft lips.

"Mmmm, I taste good..." she moaned.

"I know." I grinned back.

I pulled my fingers out of her mouth and slid down, pushing my hands under her ass and lifting her pussy to my mouth. I devoured it, plunging my tongue deep into her sopping wet hole, savoring the delicious flavor of her juices and massaging her pussy with my tongue. She thrashed her hips up into my mouth, grinding her pussy on my face. I took one of my fingers and ran it along the cream that was flowing out of her, moving it below her pussy and massaging it into the little crinkle of her asshole. I thrust my wet finger into her ass quickly, working it in and out. Her hips shot up and she grabbed the back of my head, pushing it down hard and writhing on my face.

"FUCK, don't stop! I'm going to cum soon! Oh god, that feels so good!"

I thrust my tongue up her cunt in time with my finger, staring up into her eyes. She was on the verge of cumming when I slid a second wet finger into her ass.

"FUUUCK!!! I'M CUMMING!! PLEASE DON'T STOP!!!" she screamed. Her hips thrashed upward, legs quivering as she grabbed my hair and locked her eyelids shut. Her screams became unintelligible as I felt wave after wave of her sweet nectar shoot out of her pussy and hit the back of my throat. I swallowed her, drinking the delicious juices down, until she stopped thrashing and her ass flopped back down onto the the bed, her thighs trembling wildly.

I looked up at her as I lapped her pussy. Her head was turned to the side, eyes clenched shut, and her hair cascaded down her shoulders and over the pillow behind her. Her tan skin shone in the light streaming through the curtains, and her chest heaved as she tried to catch her breath.

"You are fucking beautiful." I said, crawling up her sweaty body and kissing her, letting her taste her sweet pussy on my lips and tongue. She ran the tip of her tongue over my wet lips, lapping up her glistening juices.

"Mmmm... that was so great Heather..." she moaned into my mouth.

We teased each others lips and I gazed into her eyes. That low, sexy stare that says everything without using words.

I climbed up onto the pillows and straddled her face. "Lick my pussy, bitch!" I said with a giggle.

"Ah, so that's how it is?"

She stuck her tongue out and wiggled it at me, then dug her nails into my ass cheeks and shoved my cunt onto her face. I grabbed my tits in my hands and squeezed them, moaning as she locked her mouth over my mound. She smacked her lips on my pussy and started to fuck my wet hole with her tongue. She swirled it in circles, softly caressing the walls of my pussy and brushing my g-spot.

"Oh god, that feels good..." I sighed.

I could feel the wetness from my pussy running down the inside of my thighs. Shannon ran her tongue along the inside of my leg, up one of the long glistening streaks, all the way back up to my cunt. I shuddered with pleasure at the feeling of her soft, warm tongue on my sensitive skin. She flattened her tongue and pressed it against my asshole, licking in one long stroke all the way up and over my shiny lips and flicking my clit. I grabbed onto the headboard and rolled my hips, grinding my pussy all over her mouth and face.

She stuck two fingers in me, getting them wet, and brought them back to my ass. She rubbed her fingers between my cheeks, then massaged my little hole with the pad of her fingers. Once it was nice and wet she pushed her fingers in, splitting the tight opening and wiggling them around. She eased them in deeper, pushing past the second knuckle and burying them in my ass. Her tongue lashed my sopping pussy as she gently twisted her fingers back and forth, slowly stretching and opening up the tight ring.

She pulled her mouth off my pussy and stared up at my face as her hand worked between my cheeks.

"You like my fingers in your ass hun?"

"God yes..." I panted. "Keep licking me!"

Her mouth clamped over my cunt again and I gasped as I felt a third finger easing into my ass beside the others. She started fucking my pussy with her tongue in rhythm with her fingers, thrusting them in faster and twisting them around as I rode her face. 

I leaned over and reached into my bedside table, pulling out a small vibe.

"Here, use this."

She cranked it on to the highest setting and wet it with her tongue. Pulling me forward she lined it up with my tight hole and slid it in. The vibrations in my ass combined with her tongue on my pussy felt incredible. She fucked my butt with the vibrator, working it in and out, rotating it around and making me moan. Letting go of the vibe she reached up and grabbed my tits, squeezing them and rubbing her palms over my tight nipples. I grabbed on to the vibe and started fucking myself with it faster as she started pinching and tweaking my nipples between her fingers. She devoured my dripping cunt, swirling her wet tongue around, sucking and flicking my clit, and rubbing my mound all over her face, making it shine with my juices. My hands moved to my blonde hair and pushed back on it, my eyes closing as I thrust my hips back and forth over Shannon's face.

"Oh god, keep pinching my tits. Please... I'm going to cum!" I started thrusting faster, almost frantically, mashing my sticky pussy into her mouth and working the vibe in my ass.

"Fuck, I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh god, I'm creaming on your face Shannon!" I moaned out, arching my back as I grabbed Shannon's head and felt every muscle in my body tighten and spasm. My toes curled, my teeth clenched, and my cunt twitched, pouring creamy fluid around her tongue and into her mouth. My ass clenched around the vibrator as my juices poured out over Shannon's soft lips and down the curve of her neck, leaving shiny wet lines streaming down her chest. Her hands fell from my breasts and she lightly scratched the sided of my stomach with her nails, sending shivers up my spine. She she ran her tongue all around my wet pussy lips, lapping up my juices and drinking them down.

I slid off her face and slumped, pulling the little vibrator out of my ass and resting on her chest to catch my breath as my pussy spasmed. She looked up at me and licked around her mouth, wiping it with the back of her hand and bringing her fingers to it to lick them clean. She absently played with her nipples as I fell onto the bed next to her, the cold room now steamy from the heat of our fucking.

She rolled over and propped her head onto her elbow, looked at me with a grin.

"Who's the bitch now?" she giggled.

I laughed and rolled on top of her, wrestling and pinning her arms against the bed. She struggled and writhed until I bent down and ravaged her mouth with my own. I let go of her arms and she grabbed my waist, wrestling me down beside her on the bed as we both started giggling uncontrollably.

"We are going to have so much fun. I am totally moving in here!" she said, after we could both breathe again.

"Mmmm, I can't wait..." I sighed.

I snuggled up against her and leaned in, kissing her and caressing her hair. The distinct taste of my sweet pussy still lingered on her lips and face. The morning of soft, sensual sex had been such a wonderful contrast to the pure power-fucking we had done last night. I could tell there was really something special developing between us, and I could hardly wait to see where our relationship was headed next.