 I have been married for about six years now. The first five with Chuck were some of the best of my life. I am 31 years old now and for the last year, I have been pretty much alone. It seems as though Chuck has started going out pretty frequently with "the guys", usually to one of the local strip joints. When he finally rolls in after closing the joint, he says he is either too tired or too drunk to make love with me. So, I go to sleep frustrated almost every night. I am beginning to think that more than just dancing goes on at the clubs. After all, isn't the point of them to get guys all hot and bothered so they come home and fuck their wives silly?

I made a decision. I was going to go to the club one night just to see what exactly goes on. I had to pick a night that I knew he wouldn't be there. So, after mustering up all my courage, I dressed up, not too sexy, but just enough, a see-through white blouse and a mini skirt- hell, if I was going to go, maybe I could pick up some of the action too! At 5'6 and 120 lb. with medium length brown hair and 34C tits, I looked pretty good, if I do say so myself.

So, at 8:00 one Friday night, I pointed my car in the direction of "Desires", one of the couples clubs in the area. As I pulled my car in the lot, I started getting a knot the size of a softball in my stomach. "Well, I came this far, so I may as well go all the way" I thought to myself. As I got out of my car, I could hear the pounding of the bass and the muffled sounds of the DJ announcing the next dancer.

I walked inside and my eyes had to adjust to the darkness, and my ears to the near deafening strains of "Bad To The Bone". "How appropriate," I muttered. Cigarette smoke hung in the air and the smell of stale beer assaulted my nose. I looked around and found an empty seat at the bar, one of three in a group. I took the middle one. I didn't want to seem obvious. A barmaid, about 22 years old, and with blonde short hair and a 2-sizes-too-small tube top came up to me. Her tits were pouring over the top and her nipples were protruding through the tight fabric. I was so self conscious about being there that she startled the shit out of me. She had to scream over the din of the music. "WHAT'LL YA HAVE?"

"Huh? Oh, I guess I'll just have a glass of white wine." I lit a cigarette while she was getting my drink. She came back with my wine, took my money and came back with my change. All ones. Did she think I was here to play with the dancers?

I tried desperately not to make eye contact with anyone, but kept glancing around at the crowd with the dancers fawning all over the guys for their tips and also glancing the girls on stage. They were all in various poses of making love to the brass pole. They ran the gamut from red heads to brunettes to blondes. Long hair, short hair, some very pretty, others were....well..... They were all topless with little paper dots barely covering the very tips of their nipples. Hell, there was enough silicone in here to flood a small city! Every once in a while, one of the girls would flash her pussy to the guys in the crowd, resulting in an uproar that nearly drowned out the music. The bar manager would give a disapproving look and she would just give a little evil smile.

I was still very self conscious about being there, but the wine was helping to loosen me up. so I ordered another. "Hi there, you're new here, aren't you?" she said. I was in the middle of taking a sip of my wine and almost sprayed it all over the place. As I turned around to look at who said that, perhaps the most gorgeous blonde woman I have ever seen came up was behind me. She had nearly scared me half to death.

She was standing there, in a lime green neon g string and nothing else. I guess her pasties had conveniently "fallen off." What a fucking slut, I thought.

"Hi, I'm Alicia," she introduced herself. She lit a long cigarette, inhaling deeply. Damn, that looked sexy. I needed a cigarette too. I fumbled through my purse, pulled the pack out and set it on the bar. I fished one out and by the time I had it in my mouth, she had her lighter ready for me, lighting it for me.

"Uh, hi," was all I was able to stammer out.

"You're very pretty. First time here?" she asked.

"Uh, yeah...thanks....just doing some investigating," I told her. She smelled almost as good as she looked. "Shalimar", I think it was.

She sat in the empty seat beside me and we talked for a few minutes. I told her why I was there, the entire time, looking at her face so as not to stare at her marvelous tits. They were 38DD, probably silicone, but very nice looking, nonetheless.

"Oh, honey, you don't have to worry. I know Chuck and he had never so much as even made an improper advance to any of us here, no matter how hard the girls try." she said. "He usually just has a few beers with the guys is all. Nothing more".

That was somewhat of a relief. At least I knew he wasn't fucking around on me. Not here, anyway.

"Look, I gotta run to get ready for my next set. If you want to talk some more, I'll stop back, OK?" She put her cigarette out in the ashtray, lovely red lipstick marks on the end. The scent of Shalimar hung in the air.

She went to the other end of the room and hopped up on the stage.

I got the blonde barmaids attention and ordered a third glass of wine. She deposited it in front of me and walked away. I called her back and told her that she forgot to take my money. She said, don't worry, it's been taken care of.

"All right, who is the slob that thinks he's gonna get in to my pants by buying me drinks," I thought. "No, please, I don't want any of the guys here to think I am out to get laid, or that I am a whore....please, take the money".

"It wasn't any of the guys that paid for it" she said.

I glanced around the bar and there were only 2 other women sitting there. Obvious "working women", so I am sure it wasn't one of them. "Well, who did pay for it then?" I asked her.

"Just don't worry about it".

Now I was even more self conscious. Was the barmaid trying to pick me up? I hope not. I am straight and although I really didn't have any interest in her, she was beginning to look more appealing to me. I guess the wine I was drinking was starting to have its effect on me.

A few more minutes went by and Alicia's set was done. She put on a pretty classy act. Nothing really pornographic, just showing her marvelous tits and body, no "accidental" pussy flashing, but doing some very enticing things to that brass pole. I was actually watching (and enjoying) naked women dancing (wishing I was that pole!) and I began to feel a faint, familiar tingling in my pussy. The combination of everything had me in a daze. Then, without warning, Alicia appeared in the chair next to me a few minutes later, wearing a "Daisy Duke" type outfit. A red and white checkered top, tied so her navel (complete with ring) was showing and a pair of too-short shorts unbuttoned at the top, smoking a Virginia Slims 120 (the same as me).

We began talking again and I mentioned the comp drink I got and not knowing where it came from. It was driving me nuts. "Oh, you're welcome" she said. "You looked like you were having a hard time, so I bought it for you, to help you unwind some more".

I asked her more about what goes on here. "Is there any contact with the guys?" "You looking to start?" she replied. "Oh no, its just that every once in a while, I see the guys walking into the back with the girls and though..."

"Oh that! That's just the lap dance room."

"Lap dances?" I asked.

"For twenty bucks, they guys get a private show. No sex or anything, just a one- on-one" show.

"Yeah, uh huh. Interesting." I replied.

"I could give you a sample if you don't believe me. Come on, lets go in the back."

Reluctantly I followed Alicia and her jiggling ass to the private show room. Just before the next song began playing she took out a joint and lit it. She offered it to me. I took it as she started to untie her red and white checkered top. Her tits spilled out and swayed back and forth to the music as she slowly undid her shorts and let them fall to the ground. To my shock (or was it delight?) she also was "sans panties". Here before me, stood without a doubt, the most beautiful, naked woman I had ever seen. Her pussy was shaved smooth, bald with just a small patch of hair above her lips, and was also pierced with a small hoop ring through the outer lip. She swayed her hips in front of my face and I was following them hypnotically. Then without warning, she pressed her pussy into my face and grabbed my head, pulling it tightly in to her. I don't know what came over me, maybe it was the wine and the smoke, but almost as if by instinct, I began to lick her slit, from the bottom up to her clit. I even gave it a playful little nibble. I was eating my first pussy, and in a strip bar, of all places.

Alicia slowly laid me back on to the couch. She began unbuttoning my top. My tits lay exposed and she began to flick her tongue over my nipples. I then discovered her tongue was also pierced. She worked her magic on me, driving me to heights of pleasure I hadn't been to in over a year. I then became aware of her hands beginning to lift up my skirt. My pussy was sopping wet with my juices and she slid two fingers deep inside me without any effort at all. She continued finger fucking me until I came three times in rapid fire succession. Thank goodness the loud music drowned out my screams.

Alicia then repositioned herself so that she could lick my hole and I could again have a taste of her honey. We were engaged in a hot sixty-nine with her tongue stud flicking my swollen clit, her tongue plunging in and out of my cunt. I was doing my best to accommodate her needs as well. As I plunged in and out of her and rubbed her clit with my finger, I felt a sudden surge of orgasm shake my body. She had invaded my virgin ass with her middle finger while sucking on my clit. I let loose with a flood of cum that she eagerly swallowed. That in turn made her flood me with her juices too. We both came simultaneously.

We stayed in that back room for half an hour. I lost count of the number of times that we both came. Needless to say, our faces were both covered with each others juices We took the time to lick our juices off of each others faces. My clothes were a rumpled mess. There was no way I could go back out to the bar looking such a sight.

Alicia offered to loan me one of her more conservative outfits, which I accepted. It was only on the condition that I return it next week. I readily agreed. She admitted that when she saw me walk in to the bar that night, she knew she had to have me. Boy, I am glad that she did. I had no idea what was going to happen when I got there that night, but I am sure glad that it did.

And as far as Chuck? Well, lets just say that he can patronize these places all he wants, because I am going to also, with or without him!