 This is one my first stories. If you are looking for a quickie, this is probably not what you are looking for. It has a little bit of a slow start, but I hope that the ending is worth it for you. And if girl on girl sex offends you, you probably shouldn't read this. Constructive comments or criticism are welcome. This stories is owned and copyrighted me so no stealing please :). Enjoy.

*DING!* "Please have a seat and fasten your seat belts. We will be starting our descent to land in Narita International Airport shortly."

Sam lethargically complied with the voices request. She had been trying to sleep for the last 4 hours of the flight, but it didn't work out well. The spaces around the seats were terribly small. And the huge man in the seat in front of her had made sure to pull his seat all the way back so that she could have as little room as possible. Her neck was sore from sleeping the wrong way.

"Mike better find a way to get me into first class on the way home because I don't think I could make another 10 hour flight back like this," Sam thought to herself

She pulled her seat up and waited for the plane to touch down in Tokyo.

After another 45 minutes or so, the passengers were able to get off the plane. Sam got through Customs without a problem but found herself stuck in a very congested baggage claim area waiting for Mike to show up. 

"SAM!" called a voice amongst the crowd of people. Sam turned to find the source and was approached by a man in blue cammies. 

"Now where the hell have you been?" Sam said as she hugged the large man.

"I'm sorry sis, but it takes a long ass time to get around here in Tokyo," Mike chuckled; hugging his sister back. "But anyways, let's get going before rush hour starts up," he tells her as he grabs her luggage. 

--

Sam wakes up on her brother's couch slightly groggy. "Man, the time difference is a pain in the ass to get used to," she talks out loud to herself as she heads to the bathroom to freshen up. While brushing her teeth, she is reacquainted with a vague memory of that morning. 

"Hey Sam, I gotta go to work. But I want you to meet me at this restaurant for dinner. I left the directions on the counter."

"Oh that's right, he was saying something about treating me to dinner tonight," Sam said with a mouth full of toothpaste. 

After the bathroom obligations were taken care of she walks out into the kitchen. She notices that her brother has a small but pretty nice place. The place seemed rather clean, which was probably thanks his girlfriend, Misa. She finds the note right where he left it and starts to read it aloud,

"Sam, 

Misa and I have planned a dinner for you. You will need to meet us at a place called Yamato's around 1800 hours. You need to leave the apartment no later than 1630 to get there on time. The train schedule and pass are enclosed."

"Wow, the Navy has got him all orderly and demanding now," she thought to herself. "That boy has changed so much." 

It had been a couple of years since Sam had last seen her little brother. He joined the Navy when he was 19, and had been so busy with his A and C schools that he didn't have time to come visit home. She had always wanted to visit Japan and when Mike got stationed there she thought it was a good excuse to vacation there for a few weeks. 

"Alright, well if I gotta leave here around 4:30, what time is it now?" She searched for a clock. It read 2pm. Sam decided she would start getting ready so she could leave early and maybe she could see the sights a little. 

--

Sam left Mike's apartment with plenty of time to spare. As she headed toward the station, the cherry blossoms she saw were beautiful. The streets were crowded with people. And when she arrived on the train platform, she realized that the streets were nowhere near as packed as the station was. She was lucky enough to get a seat in a chair when she boarded the train. 

At the next stop, some people got off but even more people got on, and along with them was an elderly woman. Because there were no seats left for her, she ended up having to stand with everyone else. Sam watched to see if anyone would give up their seat for her, but no one did. 

"Sumimasen obaasan?" Sam called out trying to get the woman's attention. She wasn't sure if the woman would notice her. 

"Hai?" The elderly woman spoke as she saw Sam. 

"Suwatte kudasai," Sam responded back while motioning for the woman to sit in the seat she just vacated. 

The older woman smiled and responded with something in Japanese that she did not understand. She thought that woman was trying to say something along the lines of, "Oh no thank you, I am fine."

"Onegai!" Sam pleaded for the woman to sit down until she finally agreed. 

"Arigatou," the woman thanked Sam as she sat down. 

Sam was now standing within the crowded bodies. She didn't really like being packed in with so many people but she didn't want the woman to have to deal with it either. 

"It's ok, it shouldn't be so bad," Sam said out loud to comfort herself.

"That was very nice of you." The voice caught Sam by surprise. It belonged to a very attractive woman with flowing dark hair, a warm butter like complexion, and enticing light brown eyes. 

"I'm sorry?" Sam barely let out. She was trying to get her brain focused again.

The woman smiled and spoke again, "That was very sweet of you to give up your seat like that."

Sam tried to stop herself from blushing as she said, "It's no big deal. I just thought that she could use the chair more than me."

"You're not from around here are you?" the woman questioned. Her lips were still forming a smile.

"Umm... no, I'm an American. I think that's probably very obvious by my choppy Japanese," Sam explained. 

"Actually, I think you did very well."

"Thank you." Sam blushed from the compliment. But immediately started to wonder how this woman spoke English so well. She did not even appear to have an accent. 

"You're English is very good." That was all that Sam could think to say. 

"Oh yes, I'm a professor at Tokyo University. I teach English courses there."

"Oh wow, that's cool," Sam could hear herself say. "What the heck was that? She probably thinks that you sound like a freaking kid," her brain screamed at her.

"So what brings you here to our lovely country?" 

"I'm here on vacation to visit my brother. "

"Oh so you have family here?"

"Yeah but just him. He got stationed here a few months ago. As a matter of fact, I'm heading on my way to meet him and his girlfriend for dinner at Yamato's."

"That's lovely. Yamato's is one my favorite places to eat."

Right at the moment, Sam had an overwhelming urge to ask this woman out with her. "What are you thinking? You guys don't even know each other. Why would she come with you? And besides she would probably think you were weird if you even tried asking her."

Regardless of what her head was telling her, her gut made the decision to go ahead and try to invite this beautiful woman to out with her. 

"I hope I'm not being too forward, but I would like it very much if you joined me?" Sam's heart was beating so fast. This woman was having a strange effect on her. 

"Oh no, I couldn't. I wouldn't want to intrude. Besides, I'm a complete stranger. We don't even know each other's names," The woman responded with a giggle. 

"Well that can be easily fixed. My name is Samantha, and I would love for you to join me so we can get to know each other a little better. Then we will no longer be strangers," Sam spoke with a confidence that she didn't feel. 

The woman was silent for a moment as if she was deeply contemplating the request. And then she answered, "My name is Yuko, and yes I would love to join you for dinner."

--

Mike looks at his watch, it reads 1807. "She is late. For crying out loud, I gave her specific instruction to be on time," he complained. 

"Sweetie, she probably got a little lost. It's no big deal. It probably would have been better if we would have picked her up ourselves," Misa exclaimed. 

"Hey bro! Sorry we're late," Sam announced out of nowhere. 

"It's about time," Mike replied. He did not recognize the woman that was standing next to his sister. 

"Mike, Misa-chan, this is Yuko-sensei. Yuko-sensei this is my brother Michael and his girlfriend Misa-chan."

Mike and Misa were confused. How did these two know each other?

"We met each other on the train, and I invited her to have dinner with us," explained Sam, as if she read their minds. 

"I see, welcome Yuko," says Mike. "Yoroshiku Onegaishimasu," Misa adds.

"Yoroshiku," Yuko reply back. 

"Sensei huh? So that must mean you are a teacher or something?" inquires Mike. 

"Yes, I am professor at Tokyo U," Yuko explains. 

"That is very impressive."

"Thank you very much."

"So what are you doing with my sister? She is way too weird to be hanging around a professional such as yourself."

"Hey, that's messed up bro!"

"That's not very nice sweetie."

Sam is starting to get irritated while Yuko giggles at the bickering going on.

"Well, I was heading home early from work today and I just so happen to be sitting there when your sister offered her chair to an elderly woman on the train. I expressed how thoughtful it was and we got to talking. She was able to persuade me into coming to dinner."

"Yes, that was very considerate of you Sam," Misa agreed. 

"Yeah, yeah, no more of this good Samaritan junk. It's time to get to the good stuff. Let's get to eating," Mike demanded. 

Dinner continued peacefully. They talked and learned more about each other, laughing and joking with drinks in hand until the wee hours of the night. Mike was the first one to suggest calling it a night. 

"Hey sis, Misa and I are gonna head home. We are beat. You gonna come with us?"

Sam was a little on the buzzed side. The alcohol seemed to give her the courage to announce, "Naw bro, I'll give you guys a little bit of alone time, if you know what I mean." Misa was blushing and Mike just shook his head in disappointment. 

"Alright dumbass, just don't get into any trouble out here," Mike shot back.

"No worries Mike, I will behave," Sam joked. 

"Don't worry, I will take care of her," Yuko added. 

And with that the two parties went their separate ways. Yuko wanted to show Sam a little more of the nightlife around Tokyo, so she took her to a few shops. They sang a little bit of karaoke and had a bit more drinks. At the end of the night, they ended up in front of Yuko's apartment door. 

"Hey, did you wanna stay with me for the night?" Yuko asked.

"I don't want to bother you. It's late and you need to get some rest."

"It's ok. I don't want to have you head home by yourself. It's a little dangerous alone at night in Tokyo. Plus you've never been here before. You could get lost."

"Ok, ok I'll stay. You're so insistent. Just let me text my brother and let him know I won't be coming home tonight." 

They headed inside Yuko's place and Sam was blown away. "This is your place?! It's freaking gorgeous," Sam remarked. 

"Thank you. The bathroom is down the hall. I'm gonna grab you something to sleep in."

"No it's ok, I'll just sleep in clothes I have."

"Nonsense, I can't let you do that. Here, I know none of my clothes will fit you, you have a stocky build so how about some of my old boyfriend's clothes."

"Uhh... no thanks, I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing his clothes."

"Don't worry, they are clothes I bought for him that he never wore." Yuko didn't wait for a response. She walked into her room and walked back out with a pure silk pajama set. 

"Are you freaking serious?! I can't wear this. It probably costs more than what I make in a week."

"It does not. Just put it on, you will love it."

Sam knew she had no choice so she took the clothes and headed into the bathroom. 

"There are new toothbrushes under the sink. I'm gonna make some tea," Yuko shouted as Sam closed the bathroom door. 

Sam couldn't believe what was going on. Yuko seemed to be very well off. Maybe even more well off than a regular professor at Tokyo U. The bathroom was totally westernized; beautiful glass shower stall with a separate Jacuzzi tub, exquisite tiled floor and walls, and marble sinks. 

Her thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. 

"Hey you can just leave your clothes there and I will have them washed so you can wear them in the morning," Yuko shouted through the door. 

"Oh ok. Thanks." Sam responded back. 

When Sam finished showering and everything, she headed into the kitchen to meet Yuko. Sam stopped dead in her tracks. She just could not believe her eyes. Yuko was wearing nothing but a towel while pouring tea into very expensive glass cups. Her hair was wet, so she must have just gotten out of the shower also. The towel seemed to be straining to stay tied against her breast, and her legs were long and slender. 

"Damn," Sam said underneath her breath but apparently it was still loud enough for Yuko to hear. 

"Damn what?" Yuko asked. 

"Oh um nothing, I just um forgot something at home that I just remembered," Sam lied. 

"Is it something important?"

"No don't worry about it. It's not important at all."

"Oh ok, well the tea is ready. Come and sit with me."

They sat next to each other on the island of the kitchen counter. Sam desperately tried to keep herself from staring at Yuko's hot body. The last thing she needed was for Yuko to think she was some creepy sick pervert and kick her out.

"Those pajamas look really good on you Sam."

"Thanks, they feel really nice. You have a lot of nice stuff here Yuko."

"Yeah, my family is pretty well off. And my job at the university just adds to the spending money I have. Did you like the tea? It's some special stuff that I had ordered from England." 

"Yeah it's delicious." Sam could not believe it. This girl was crazy rich.

"Hey Sam?"

"Yeah what's up Yuko?"

"Thank you."

"Thank you for what?"

"For spending my birthday with me. It was very nice."

"WHAT!!!!? Your birthday!? Why didn't you tell me?! Wait, why did you spending it me? I bet you have lots of friends that you could have spend it with. 

"Well I was going to spend it with some acquaintances, but then I met you on the train, and you seemed really cool and down to earth. So I decided I would spend it with you instead of some snooty people who do nothing but agree with me because my dad is very powerful figure."

Sam could not believe what she was hearing. What the heck did she get herself into? She didn't know what to say.

"So.... How old are you?" Sam was finally able to squeak out.

"I just turned 26."

"Wow, I'm only a few months older than you then."

"Really?! When is your birthday?"

"January 22." 

"That is pretty cool. I had the feeling you were older than me."

"Oh really why is that?"

"I dunno, you just seem that way. Like you are a little more mature."

"Don't lie. You are just trying to say I look old."

"No! No it's not like that. You don't look old. You are actually very attractive."

Sam watched as Yuko's cheeks burned a red hue. She wondered if her ears and eyes were deceiving her. 

"I think you are very attractive also." Soon Sam's cheeks were also flushed red. Yuko smiled at her and started to get a look in her eyes that Sam could not place. 

"It's getting late. We should probably head to bed." 

"Yeah it is getting late," Yuko agreed. She stood up and started taking the dishes to the sink. Sam followed her. Yuko was startled when she turned around to see Sam standing right behind her.

"I'm sorry I didn't mean to scare you," Sam whispered as her free hand gently brushed up against Yuko's bare arm. 

Yuko could feel her body starting to respond to Sam's closeness. She broke out in goose bumps from the touch of Sam's hand. Her breathing slowly quickened and she reflexively licked her lips. Sam suddenly felt the lust emanating from Yuko's body. Their bodies were slowly gravitating towards each other. Soon their faces were only inches from apart. Yuko bridged the gap first, and their lips met for the first time. The kiss was soft and innocent. Their lips were merely getting acquainted with each other, gently brushing against one another. 

Sam moved her hand to place the dish onto the counter. She didn't need any obstructions. All she wanted to feel Yuko's smooth hot skin. They wandered down to her thighs, playfully grazing the bottom of the towel. Yuko let out a moan. Her kisses getting more aggressive. Their breathing getting ever more labored. Their bodies getting even closer, threatening to defy the laws of physics and join into one.

Yuko can feel Sam's knees gently settling between her thighs. She knows that she is soaked and Sam will be able to feel her heat. Their tongues start to gently wrestle with one another. Both of them are moaning now. Yuko's hands are floating over Sam's neck, arms, and torso. She can sense Sam's quickened heartbeat and it excites her even more. Sam's mouth moves to nibble and draw letters with her tongue on Yuko's neck. Her hands slowly going up Yuko's body beneath the towel, gently playing with her belly button.

Yuko can hardly stand the teasing. She wants Sam's clothes off now, and Sam feels the same. The towel comes off and so does the silk shirt and pants. Sam marvels at Yuko's beautiful breast. Her nipples are so hard. It's as if they are trying to extend just enough to make contact with Sam's flesh. They kiss again, with more passion and vigor. Their sweltering bodies pressing against each other. Yuko breaks the kiss to explore Sam body. Her lips caress the length of the muscles in her neck and shoulders. Their thighs nestled between each other's slick pussies. 

Sam starts to grind herself into Yuko. They begin to establish a rhythm. Yuko reaches for Sam's ass, pulling her body closer, sweat and nectar mixing together. They feel the waves of an impending orgasm growing larger with each passing second. Sam reaches to caress Yuko's swollen breasts. The flesh is so soft. The nipple is begging with need. She grant's its wish and pinches it hard. 

This sends Yuko over the edge, blinded by the clouds of bliss. Sam isn't far behind. When she hears Yuko scream her name, her body dives in to join Yuko in the cool waters of a heavenly orgasm. 

Their bodies are now too heavy to hold upright. They collapse onto the floor, embracing each other, and kissing softly. Yuko moves to straddle Sam. She loves the feeling of Sam's hard abs brushing up against her clit. Sam looks up at Yuko with only one thought on her mind.

I have to taste her.....

She turns Yuko over so that she is on her back, kissing her way down her body, caressing her ribs, breasts, and tummy. Yuko's heart is beating so fast with anticipation. She feels Sam's tongue lick her swollen nipples and bolts of excitement flow to her pussy. She can't wait until Sam reaches her destination. She grows more and more anxious with each kiss that gets closer to her sweet center. Sam teases her, kissing and licking her inner thighs. She grabs her hair, pulling her to where she needs her tongue the most. 

Sam is intoxicated by Yuko's aroma. She licks the outer folds of her labia. She can taste her sweet cream combined with hint of sweat. 

"Baby please... don't tease me..." Yuko moans

She can no longer keep this gorgeous angel waiting. She inserts her tongue deep down into Yuko's hot box, using her nose to rub against her clit. Loving the contact, she grinds harder into Sam's face. Her breathing is labored. She is so close and Sam can sense it. She continues to tongue fuck her harder. Yuko is moaning uncontrollably and as soon as her lips create a seal over her clit, she explodes. While gripping on to her thrashing body, Sam continues to suck and licking gingerly, gently coaxing Yuko's body back down from her high. 
