 Sandra's husband Steve was the chairman of the golf club committee which had recently appointed a new professional golfer at the club. He had been in the job for the past week, but this coming Saturday evening the committee were giving a dinner to welcome him and his wife to the club. As the chairman's wife it was protocol that Sandra accompany her husband on this official function. Although she didn't play golf herself, she did enjoy the social life that came with her husbands position and she was very happy to accompany him on the many official function occasions.

Saturday arrived and from mid afternoon Sandra was getting ready, Golf was her husbands strong hobby and all of his friendships were at the club, sometimes she did feel neglected and left out and did feel on occasions that Steve was oblivious to this. But she always made a big effort to look her best whenever she went to the club, and to chat with the other members and their wives

Sandra took a long hot bath and as her body soaked she wondered what the new pro would look like, she had heard he was very handsome and she looked forward to meeting him. She left the bath and wrapped herself in a fluffy towel and went to her bedroom. She selected her underwear, she loved her lacy black bra and thong, but to show off her new dress to its best advantage, she had decided not to wear a bra, she also had a matching suspender belt but she was afraid the lines would show under her dress so she elected to wear the new garters she had recently purchased.

After patting herself dry she sprayed deodorants over her body, Sandra stood in front of her mirror and her eyes drifted down to her sex. She had shaved her mound earlier and now as she brushed her finger tips over the lips of her pussy they were silky smooth. Sandra was glad she was a woman, she loved the smooth skin and soft curves of the female body, She had been curious about other female bodies since before she had married, but had never experienced woman to woman sex. letting her thoughts remain in her imagination.

She stroked her flat stomach and guided her finger to penetrate her smooth slit and touch her clitoris, immediately her body tingled and trembled and she was oh, so tempted to bring herself to orgasm, But she resisted, telling herself she had to stay fresh for her night out.

Steve had hired a cab to take himself and his wife to the golf club and they were duly dropped off at the door. Sandra knew she looked good, she wore a long satin dress which hugged her body emphasising her curves, and with only thong and garters underneath her breasts and soft round bottom were paraded to their fullest potential.

Husband Steve wore his dinner suit and black tie. 

All of the guests were being greeted at the door by the club president and his wife, From there Sandra and Steve went to the club area to mingle. Hubby knew everyone and his wife there and Sandra was familiar with quite a few of them, so she was soon in various conversations, the atmosphere was relaxed and she felt relaxed herself. 

Then the guest of honour and his wife arrived. The new golf professional was a tall, muscular, handsome man with greying hair, and a permanent tan from being constantly outdoors. Holding his arm was an attractive woman about Sandra's own age and height, she had beautifully coiffured hair, a very pretty face, a slim well shaped body and large breasts. she was wearing a long dress low cut at the front showing plenty of cleavage, from a distance Sandra liked the look of her.

Half an hour later all guests were asked to take their seats for dinner, and it was then that Sandra found that she and Steve and three other couples would be at the same table as the new pro and his wife. Steve shook hands with the new man and said "Hello Nick, its good to see you here tonight," then he said, " Nick this is my wife Sandra." 

Nick squeezed Sandra's hand and with a big smile that showed his perfect teeth, said, "Hello Sandra." 

She noticed his blue eyes, and his broad smile reflected in them, Nick put his arm around his female companions shoulder and said, "Steve and Sandra,I would like to present my wife Carole." 

Sandra turned her attention to Nick's wife, and Carole flashed her a friendly smile, "Pleased to meet you Sandra," she said, "you look lovely," Sandra felt a tingle and a shiver run through her body as Carole's eyes swept over her. 

"You too," Sandra said and allowed her own eyes to rest on the swell of Carole's breasts and smooth blemish free skin of her chest.

Dinner was the usual first class fare, the food was delicious the wine flowed, the conversation interesting and humorous and the speeches borne. Sandra sat directly opposite Carole so both women made comments across the table and the glances between them were frequent.

After two hours, dinner was declared over and everyone stood up. Carole came round to the opposite side and said, "Sandra do you want the loo?" 

A little surprised Sandra said, "Yes." 

"Oh Good," Carole continued, "you can show me where it is." 

So together Sandra and Carole went to the ladies, which at the golf club is a luxurious room, They went into adjoining cubicles to relieve themselves and came out to wash their hands and freshen their make up. Carole told Sandra that she knew hardly anyone here, it being her first visit. 

"Well the men won't bother with us for the rest of the evening, so we may as well stay together," Sandra told her. 

"Thanks I will be glad of your company," Carole said.

Sandra went to the bar and collected a couple of drinks to add to the wine they had already consumed, found a table and sat down. Alcohol was already having an effect on many of the guests, The disco was earsplitting and conversation was almost impossible. 

"Shall we dance?" Sandra yelled to her new friend, 

"Yes," Carole shouted back and they took to the floor to show their rock and roll techniques, however they had so little room that all they could really do was shuffle about, they had a laugh though and thoroughly enjoyed themselves. All too soon the DJ announced the end of the evenings fun, and he played a slow dance. 

Sandra and Carole danced together, arms about each others waists, and with the spare hands resting on each others arms. They were very close and their breasts touched briefly, then Carole seemed to pull Sandra in and she felt her stomach pressing into Carole's, their cheeks almost touching. Sandra had a wild urge to stroke her hand over Carole's bum. but restrained herself , her heart pounded though and once again she felt that tingle run through her body. 

The dance ended and without the music The women were able to speak normally again, Carole squeezed Sandra's hand and thanked her for being her friend for the evening. 

"I hope we can be friends in other places too," Sandra said, 

"I would like that," Carole responded, then asked Sandra if she would go shopping with her one day the following week. 

"I would love to," Sandra told her. 

When they got back to their table Carole gave Sandra a card with her address and telephone number on it. 

"Call me on Monday," She said.

"I will," Sandra told her. 

They said their goodbyes. The menfolk had returned much the worse for drink and Sandra and Steve took their taxi home. 

At home hubby went off to bed but Sandra stayed downstairs with a cup of coffee, and reflected on her new friendship with Carole. She admitted to herself that she was attracted to Carole physically, and she lived again the thrill she felt when Carol's body pressed up against hers, She thought Carole had been giving her silent messages and signs all night but she didn't want to misinterpret them and end up making a fool of herself, Then she inwardly scolded herself, "It's the alcohol putting these thoughts in my mind," she told herself, "and Carole only pressed against me because of the crowded dance floor." Sandra finished her coffee and went to bed.

Monday morning came and by 10 o'clock Sandra was at home alone, the family had dispersed to their various commitments and she wondered if she should call Carole now or wait a little longer, Now! she decided and it was with a beating heart that she punched Carole's number into her telephone. 

Sandra felt excited about seeing Carole again and her heart leaped when she heard Carole's voice. 

"Hi Sandra," Carole spoke enthusiastically. "I wondered if you would call." 

"Oh, I said I would and I always intended to," Sandra said hoping that she didn't sound too eager.

"Can you pick me up?" Carole asked repeating her address, and she was waiting when Sandra arrived. 

Carole jumped into Sandra's car, and leaned over to kiss Sandra on her lips, rather to Sandra's surprise, Carole's fair hair was tied back in a pony tail, and her eyes sparkled blue

The day being warm and sunny both women wore a minimum of clothing, being similarly dressed in ankle length stretch trousers and thin shirt tops, Sandra's eyes were drawn to the swell of Carole's breasts as they pushed out the material of her top. 

They reached town and parked the car, then entered the large shopping centre. Carole told Sandra that she wanted to buy a dress for yet another dinner that she and Nick had to attend and they began by searching out dress shops, In one she saw a dress she liked the look of and they went inside, the assistant took Carole's measurements and brought the dress to her and directed her to the changing room. 

"Come in with me Sandra," she asked, "I need your opinion." 

Sandra followed Carole into the changing room and they drew the dividing curtain. She watched as Carole took off her top then her trousers and stood in a red bra and close fitting matching briefs. Sandra noticed the clear creamy skin of Carole's chest and stomach and the slight swell of her mound through her briefs between her legs. Carole slipped on the dress and It fitted like a glove, it was perfect in every way, except, Sandra told her, the outlines of her underwear showed through. 

"You will have to wear a half cup bra and thong if you have this," Sandra said. 

"Then that's what I will do," said Carole, and after changing back to her own clothes she purchased a thong and half bra. the thong was so brief it was little more than a string at the back and a tiny piece of material at the front, "I will feel good wearing this," she giggled. 

"You might as well not wear any underclothes at all," Sandra said. 

"Oh I have to protect my modesty," she said with a smile.

Sandra bought herself some new underwear of the type she liked and they then decided to head home. When they got back to her house, Carole invited Sandra in for a drink. She made two mugs of coffee and the two women relaxed in her lounge. 

Sandra asked Carole about the other dinner she was to go to and she said, "Oooh Sandra, I want to see how my new dress looks with my new lingerie, come and help me." 

She collected her bags and Sandra followed her upstairs to her bedroom. Sandra expected that Carole would go into her en-suit bathroom to change into her new lingerie but she didn't. Sandra watched with growing excitement as Carole took off her top and trousers, She had undressed to her bra and pants in the shop but now she reached round her back and unhooked her bra, Her lovely luscious breasts tumbled out and Sandra gasped, 

"Your breasts are lovely Carole," she managed to say. 

Carole smiled in response.

Sandra's mouth was dry and her heart thumped in her chest, She watched Carole hook her fingers in the waistband of her panties and push them down. 

Carole stood totally naked in front of Sandra, who was mesmerised by Carole's nudity. Sandra saw her firm yet soft round breasts with obviously erect nipples, then her eyes drifted down past her flat stomach, to Carole's sex. Her pussy was covered in a golden fur, perfectly trimmed and transparent, allowing Sandra to see the lips of her half open slit, and the tip of her clitoris showing through.

Carole didn't look at Sandra this time, she fiddled with the bags her new lingerie came in, not hurrying to cover herself but allowing Sandra all the time she needed to take in the wonderful view before her. 

Sandra couldn't speak, she was so tongue tied, Her pulse pounded in her ears. That tingling feeling rifled through her body, her nipples hardened and she felt a wetness in her own pussy.

Carole still fiddled with her lingerie then eventually managed to get the bra on and stepped into the thong, The bra covered hardly anything, her nipples were showing but it supported her tits, were the words Carole herself used. The thong was a joke, it barely covered the slit of her vagina, Carole reached for the dress and dropped it over her shoulders, it fell round her body like it had been painted on and not a crease or seam showed. This time Sandra did smooth her hand over Carole's shapely bottom. 

"How does that feel Sandra?" Carole asked. 

"It is perfect, and your body is so beautiful," Sandra managed to utter. 

Sandra's face was close to Carole's and their eyes, as they looked at each other, were no more than 6 inches apart, not a word was spoken and Carole moved her head a few inches forward and pressed her mouth to Sandra's. 

For a few seconds their lips rested together, then Sandra responded and their kiss became more intense. Both women put their arms around the other and pressed their bodies tightly together, Their passionate kiss lasted a minute or more, then Sandra whispered, "Take your dress off or it will crease." 

"Unzip me," Carole asked and Sandra obliged. The dress fell to the floor and Sandra picked it up and folded it neatly even though her fingers were shaking. Sandra held Carole's gaze as they stepped closer, Sandra reached around Carole's back and unhooked her bra, Carole pulled it over her arms and then stepped out of her thong, and she was naked again. 

Sandra longed to touch Carole's nakedness, She remembered the times she had often imagined being with a naked woman, touching her, caressing her, it had led to several masturbation's in the privacy of her bedroom, now the most beautiful woman she had ever met, was naked and wanting her. Tremors of high excitement ran through her body.

Carole had a serious look on her face, "Please undress for me Sandra," she begged, "I want to see you."

After only a moments hesitation Sandra unbuttoned her shirt, took it off, and pushed her trousers down. she unclasped her bra and watched Carole's eyes widen in appreciation when her breasts were revealed, With mounting excitement Sandra stepped out of her thong and stood as naked as Carole. two naked females about to feast on each others bodies. 

The two women held hands and walked to the bed, Carole lay on her back and Sandra lay on her side with her head propped up on her hand looking down, Carole reached up and pulled Sandra's lips to her mouth, They kissed passionately Sandra's tongue duelling with Carole's. Sandra seemed instinctively to know what to do, She moved one of her legs between Carole's, and her right hand stroked its way down her body to her hips, Sandra moved her thigh to rest against Carole's pussy, and she could feel the swollen lips against her flesh. 

Sandra lifted her leg and her fingers delved into Carole's rapidly moistening sex, 

"OOOOOOO," Carole moaned restlessly, when Sandra's fingers traced her slit, slipped between her lips and entered her hole, Sandra pushed into Carole's body up to her knuckles, pushing in and out of her pussy and heard the wetness sucking and squelching, as her juices flowed, 

Sandra and Carole exchanged plentiful short kisses with both women's hands searching and exploring the others creases and crevices.

"Mmmmmmm Ooooooooooo Mmmmmmmmm Carole murmured constantly, Sandra wanted to taste Carole's sex, Carole told Sandra she wanted to taste hers first, Happy to concede, Sandra turned around and hiked her leg over Carole's head so that now Carole was looking up at Sandra's pussy hovering just above her face. By leaning forward Sandra was now over Carole's open legs and only inches away from her delicious looking cunt. 

Sandra lowered her face to her friends pussy closing her mouth over the swollen lips, She felt Carole's tongue push between her pussy lips, and the thrill of Carole licking her clit, Sandra had Carole's clit between her teeth, nibbling and sucking, she pulled all of the inner flesh of Carole's sex into her mouth, tasting her juices and pushing her tongue into the hole opening for her.

Carole wriggled her body feverishly and heaved her bottom off the bed, thrusting her pussy harder at Sandra's face. Carole gripped Sandra's hips and pushed her tongue forcefully up Sandra's sopping wet cunt, She licked and sucked faster and harder and Sandra felt her body being overwhelmed with desire and nerve end tingles, Both women were on the verge of orgasms, their bodies high on adrenaline and animal lust, Suddenly Carole pushed Sandra away from her head and let out a piercing scream as her first orgasm exploded in her, it was more than Sandra could cope with and her own very intense climax burst out of her body to squirt and drip onto Carole's face. 

Sandra's passion was so highly inflamed, she didn't want to stop. She turned around and before she could move, Sandra pushed Carole's legs apart to bury her face once more amongst the folds of her pussy, Carole's love juices covered Sandra's face and she could taste her tangy wetness, her legs were spread wide and Sandra claimed her prize. She ravished the body beneath her, licking and sucking with renewed force, She heard Carole crying out "Sandra, Sandra, Lick me, oh lick me, more more, I want you, I want you." 

Flood after flood of cum flowed from her pussy and Sandra licked her fill, both womens bodies were bathed in sweat as slowly the ferocious action between the two new friends subsided.

Sandra lifted up from Carole's pussy and kissed her stomach and further up her body, together they lay on the bed arms round each other, Carole hugged Sandra close and sobbed softly. "Oh Sandra," she whispered, "I have never been made love to with such intensity before," 

"Ssssshhh lets rest." Sandra murmured and they hugged their naked bodies together. For several minutes they lay close enjoying the pleasures of each other, Carole tongued Sandra's nipples and pushed two fingers into her hole. She said, "It excites me so much to touch your body this way, I love the softness of your skin and just to look at and feel your pussy is my thrill."

Sandra looked up at her "Carole do you have any toys?" she asked 

"Yes," Carole said,"I have a dildo vibrator," and she leaned over to a bedside table drawer and from beneath clothing she produced a thick ribbed dildo about 8" long. 

"Wow that's a beauty!" Sandra enthused. 

"Nick doesn't know I have this," Carole said, "He thinks he provides all the thrills I need," she laughed. "Little does he know," and the women laughed together. 

Carole handed it to Sandra and she stroked it up and down as she sometimes did with her husbands dick. "It feels so real," she squealed.

"It is real when its inside you!" Carole exclaimed, "Lie back and I will show you." 

Sandra lay on her back and opened her legs, Carole knelt between them and pushed two fingers in and out of Sandra's cunt. "MMMMMM, I love doing this with you," she gushed, then inserted the dildo past Sandra's pussy lips into her hole, Much of her moisture had dried up but there was enough to get started, Sandra lifted her ass off the bed and Carole eased the cock slowly into her sex, she pushed a little harder and it began to move in more easily, then it was all the way in. Sandra had an anxious look on her face, and Carole smiled at her and asked her how it felt. 

"Whowhowho, its good," Sandra gasped, It feels like it is stretching me wide open." 
