 The last thing that Olivia had wanted this weekend was a guest. Not that she had anything important planned. In fact, it was quite the opposite. She had absolutely nothing planned for the entire week. No class, no work, no friends trying to talk her into going to the club to pick up guys. For the first time in almost a year she was going to have a week to herself just to be alone in peace and quiet and her fucking best friend had to go and ruin it by getting evicted.

Not that it was really Penny's fault. Her troubles with her landlord were almost the stuff of legend in their small circle of friends. He was one of those overbearing asses who seemed to feel that he had the right to treat his tenants like unruly serfs instead of people who paid him good money just to have a place to sleep that was protected from the elements. He had a nasty habit of showing up when Penny was at work and just letting himself in. That was how he'd discovered that his pretty, young tenant kept more than panties in her panty drawer, namely a bong and a half-ounce of green bud.

Of course Penny could have called a lawyer and tried to see if she could've fought the eviction or even called the cops, but after realizing her landlord was rifling through her panty drawer and that the cops weren't exactly what you'd call drug friendly she decided to cut her loses and just bail. Olivia didn't really spite her for that. Frankly, she would've done the same thing in her place. She just wished she could've found somewhere else to stay.

But it was too late to complain now. Penny was here and there really wasn't anywhere else for her to go besides her parent's house and Olivia wouldn't wish that on her worst enemy. She'd only gone back to her parent's house to live once after leaving for college. As far as she was concerned Christmas, thanksgiving and her mom's birthday were more than enough. Not that she hated her parents. She just enjoyed her freedom.

So here they were sitting on the couch smoking a bong and watching a Wes Anderson movie laughing their asses off. Penny was doing her best to forget about her asshole landlord while Olivia just thanked god silently that at least Penny had been able to keep her weed. If she couldn't be alone at least she could be high.

Besides the weed Penny was at least good for a decent conversation. Unlike most of her friends Penny was neither a boring pedantic bitch nor some dumb slut who only thought about boys and the wonderful things they laid between their legs. She may have been a little flaky, but she was at least reasonably well balanced. Best of all she was funny. Especially when Olivia was high.

Not that their conversation was all that interesting. Mainly they just discussed the constant drag that was their sophomore year of college.

"So what do you think of Professor Grissom?" Penny asked as she packed another bowl.

"Ugh," Olivia said as she lay back against the couch and closed her eyes, "I try not to. He's such an ass."

"Told you," Penny said before lighting the bong and taking a hit.

"I know, I know, but I also know I need that fucking credit if I ever plan on getting my degree," Olivia took the bong as it was offered to her and took a big hit while Penny slowly exhaled a thick cloud into the already smoky living room.

"That sucks," Penny replied casually as she waited for Olivia to pass back the bong, "I'm guess I should be glad I'm going for an art major instead of psyche. I only took his course for the hell of it. Hell, you're going to have him again later aren't you?"

"Don't remind me," Olivia replied after she blew out a large cloud of pollution, "I almost wish I'd taken the scholarship state had offered me now." "I'm insulted, Olivia!" Penny said in mock anger, "If you'd gone to state we'd never have met. Don't I mean anything to you?"

Olivia chucked a bottle cap at Penny's head for being melodramatic. Penny ducked like a good pothead, quickly with more emphasis on keeping the bong upright than on protecting her own skin. Olivia laughed for no real reason besides it felt good.

Penny and Olivia talked for a long time about nothing in particular as Penny packed bowl after bowl into her bong. Olivia quickly forgot her bitterness at the intrusion as they continued to just have fun simply hanging out.

In her haze she realized that she actually missed just hanging out like this. Now days if she had the time to hangout it was spent at bars or clubs instead of just sitting back and relaxing, doing absolutely nothing and loving every wasted second. She knew Penny did this all the time. That was probably why out of all of Olivia's friends Penny was the most laid back.

She was also the prettiest with her shoulder length black hair usually kept tied back in a ponytail or a messy bun or something atop of a pretty face with large, dark eyes above a perfect nose and a small mouth surrounded by thin, but not non-existent lips. Nothing spectacular, but alluring just the same. Her body was nothing to be ashamed of either. Not exactly the body that every girl died for with her smallish breasts and narrow hips. Penny was almost boyish, like a waif model, but it worked for her.

Olivia was actually pretty similar in build, except for her more womanly hips and her slightly larger breasts. Her skin was also darker than Penny's and her hair was almost blonde, but not quite. It had been for a while and she'd been told she looked good as a bleached blonde hussy, but she just let it grow back out and never bothered to go to the trouble of dying it again. Her face was a little rounder, her lips a bit more pronounced and her eyes a little smaller and definitely lighter. Pale blue, the kind of eyes that are almost impossible to read.

Of course, Olivia would never admit to Penny that she thought she was attractive. Not that she was ashamed or anything. She just valued her friendship too much. Olivia had her fair share of sexual experiences with girls, but so far they had all been just one-nightstand type affairs. She liked to consider it just fun, but lately she'd begun to wonder if she might actually be more than a little bisexual. A series of failed relationships with men and the fact that she found herself more and more drawn to other women were just part of the equation. It was something deeper, something she didn't quite want to get into, but something she secretly knew she'd have to deal with at some point.

"Hello? Olivia? Anyone home?" Penny said as she held the bong in front of her. Olivia shook her head a little as if shaking away a fog as she realized she'd been caught zoning out.

"Sorry, did you ask me something?" Olivia said as she took the bong and smiled sheepishly at Penny's slightly mocking look.

"Yeah," Penny said as she scooted into the corner of the couch as she pointed to the television with her thumb, "Want to watch another movie?"

"Um, what time is it?" Olivia asked as she searched her pockets for her lighter. She stopped when it landed in her lap. "Thanks."

"No problem," Penny said with a giggle at how baked Olivia was, "It's only eleven."

"What do you have? All I have is this Rushmore and the Big Lebowski unless you brought your VCR over. Mine's busted."

"Blah," Penny replied as she swatted the air in the direction of her boxes in the spare bedroom/ junk room/ office where Olivia had told her to put whatever she didn't feel safe with putting in storage. It had turned out to be not that much, but Olivia had still been pissed at the time. "I don't feel like digging it out. I do have some DVD's in my backpack though. How about some mindless stupidity?"

"Sounds perfect," Olivia said as she slowly exhaled a big hit. With that Penny rolled over and got on her knees as she reached over the edge of the couch to rifle through her backpack giving Olivia a perfect view of her little apple butt. Olivia couldn't help herself as she gawked like a horny teenage boy at the cutest butt she'd seen in awhile. Dirty thoughts suddenly sprang to surface that in Olivia's stoned state she was both unable and unwilling to suppress.

"Like the view?" Penny said catching Olivia off guard as she smiled at her over her shoulder. Olivia had the decency to blush as she attempted to sputter out an excuse. Penny just laughed her off and told her to shut up and take another hit as she got up to put the DVD in. Olivia did as she was told as she tried to regain control of her libido.

As she exhaled Penny walked up to her and held out her hand for the bong as she smiled wickedly at Olivia. Olivia returned the smile weakly still feeling a little embarrassed and confused. As far as she knew Penny was straight. While Olivia was happy that Penny obviously wasn't offended by her lapse she had to wonder why and secretly she hoped she knew the answer.

The movie started as the girls cashed the bong, but Olivia had a hard time caring. She didn't even notice what movie it was, as she was lost in her thoughts. She almost didn't hear Penny ask her if what was okay if she stretched out a bit.

"Hey!" Penny said as she snapped her fingers playfully trying to get Olivia off of her cloud.

"Oh, yeah, go ahead, sorry," Olivia responded as she broke away from her thoughts enough to turn and answer with a smile.

"Gracias," Penny replied as she stretched out on the long sofa before chiding her benefactor, "You keep zoning out and I'll cut you off, missy."

"Go ahead," Olivia replied casually, "I'm already stoned out of my gourd. I haven't been this high since my graduation party."

"Ah, poor thing," Penny teased as she placed her feet on Olivia's lap with a giggle. Olivia giggled herself as she pushed Penny's feet away only to find them instantly replaced. They playfully fought for a few minutes until Olivia finally threw up your hands in defeat.

"Don't be a poor host. You said I could stretch out. You can't take it back now" Penny teased. Olivia was definitely getting the feeling she was being flirted with. She only hoped she wasn't misreading the situation in her stoned state because she was seriously considering the possibility.

After a little more teasing the girls seemed to settle back and watch the movie, but Olivia soon found herself distracted by the cute pair of feet resting on her lap. At first she just casually allowed her arms to rest on Penny's calves and ankles. After awhile Penny's cute, little toes just seemed to call to her fingers and found her unable to resist.

"That tickles," Penny giggled as Olivia absent-mindedly toyed with her toes causing Olivia to stop and remove her hands with an apology. Penny protested, "I didn't say stop, but if you're going to touch them you might as well give them a nice rub."

"Oh, I don't know…" Olivia started only to be interrupted by Penny.

"Please? You know you want to," Penny pleaded. When Olivia still looked apprehensive Penny decided to a trade was in order. "If you do me I'll do you. I'm real good." She sounded perfectly pathetic. Olivia had no choice really. Besides, she did want to touch those perfect feet.

Olivia swung her legs up onto the couch and sat cross-legged with her back against the armrest. She guided Penny's feet back into her lap before getting to work. Luckily for Penny Olivia was quite the expert with foot massages. She had no real technique to speak of, but she definitely had the touch. Penny's soft moans of approval served as a testament to that.

Olivia took her time working her magic on Penny's feet getting off on Penny's little cooing moans of approval. Her thumbs, her fingers, the palms of her hands all did their part to help put Penny into almost comatose state. The urge to kiss them, to suck on Penny's cute, little toes was almost too much for Olivia.

"God," Penny said in a sleepy voice as Olivia switched feet, "You should do this for a living."

"Thanks," Olivia said quietly, almost in a whisper.

"No really," Penny continued dreamily, "I love getting my feet rubbed. Too bad you aren't a guy. I'd totally fuck you."

"Well, I have a vibrator in my room," Olivia said without thinking as she work on Penny's heel and then froze once she realized what she'd said. She almost apologized until Penny laughed softly

"I may have to borrow it later," Penny said with her eyes closed and big smile on her face. Olivia was beginning to think that sleeping with Penny might be actually be possible. She decided to test the waters some as she continued her gentle assault on Penny's feet.

"I also have strap-on," she said with a smile. Penny opened up one eye and stared quizzically at Olivia. Olivia quickly realized how that must have sounded. She'd actually meant it to be subtle, but apparently she was incapable of that at the moment. For a moment she considered running into her room and hiding as well as swearing off pot for the rest of her life until Penny surprised her yet again.

"It's not nice to tease, Olivia," Penny said the smile returning to her face. Olivia smiled as well as she kept at her work. She decided to push a little more.

"Who said I was teasing?" She said in a low voice as she guided Penny's foot up to her mouth and placed a gentle kiss on the sole of Penny's foot. Penny's eyes shot open in an instant, but Olivia didn't notice. Her eyes were closed as she placed yet another kiss a little higher on Penny's sole.

Penny was shocked, but said nothing as Olivia's tongue gently licked the bottom of her foot. She only scooted a little closer to make it easier for Olivia to continue her unusual attentions on her foot. Olivia's eyes opened slowly as she felt Penny shift. Penny simply smiled at her a little apprehensively until Olivia took her big toe in her warm, wet mouth.

Penny cooed again and shut her eyes to the pleasure Olivia was giving her simply by kissing and sucking on her feet. She had her fair share of foot massages and giving them as well, but she'd never had anyone do this. As Olivia's tongue teasingly insinuated it's way between her toes before taking a few more into her mouth Penny found herself regretting that.

"God, that feels fucking awesome," Penny said as she squirmed under Olivia's attentions. Olivia just moaned in response and smiled to herself when Penny's hands began tentatively teasing her own nipples through her t-shirt.

She worked her back down Penny's sole with a slow, methodic patience kissing, sucking and licking every sensitive inch of Penny's beautiful, neglected feet. Both girls' eyes were locked on each other as their mutual arousal built. The fact that neither had planned on going this path together somehow made it all the more erotic.

There was still some fear in Penny's eyes, but it was quickly fading as she realized that even though she hadn't consciously desired this she certainly didn't want it to end now. If Olivia could make her feel this good just by kissing her feet and sucking on her toes she couldn't wait to found out what she could do on other parts of her anatomy. The mere thought of the possibility of Olivia's tongue in her mouth, on her breasts and in her pussy made her wetter than she'd been in months.

Olivia's kisses slowly moved away from Penny's feet down her ankle to her smooth calves. Penny scooted even closer until she almost sitting in Olivia's lap to allow her better access. Penny was simply astounded at how good it felt to have Olivia kissing the back of her knee. Her hands were quickly moving downward away from her breasts down to her center. Olivia watched eagerly as Penny's hands found their way into her shorts.

Almost reluctantly Olivia ceased her attentions on Penny's knee. Penny's groan of disapproval quickly turned positive once she realized that Olivia was only being thorough by making sure she took care of Penny's other lovely foot. As the sweet seduction began anew Penny's fingers found their way to her poor, throbbing clit.

"Fuck," Penny grunted when she penetrated herself with her long, thin fingers, "What are you doing to me?" Olivia only chuckled before taking Penny's toes in her mouth again. She was determined to keep this torture going until Penny was beyond logic, beyond lust. She wanted to make Penny her own.

Patiently working her magic on Penny's left foot, down her ankle, down her calf, Olivia could smell the sweet, musky odor of Penny's arousal and it only made her want Penny more. Her own arousal was beginning to exert itself, but she kept herself under control. The sight of Penny slowly, but surely bringing herself to orgasm was almost too much though. The way her face contorted and the sound of her pants were such beautiful things.

Kissing the back of Penny's knee again brought a glorious response. Penny shivered almost as if she had a mini orgasm. It was so alluring Olivia had to know what a real one looked like.

"Scoot up," She said as she guided Penny's leg to her side and reached up to grab the sides of Penny's shorts. Penny almost shook as Olivia spoke, but did as she was told once she realized what was most likely coming next. As Penny scooted one way Olivia pulled the other and Penny was quickly naked from the waist down.

"So beautiful," Olivia whispered as she reached out and touched Penny's wet swollen sex with her hand. Penny just squirmed and whimpered while Olivia gently explored her slick folds avoiding her friend's clit. She whimpered again when Olivia stopped.

"Don't worry, baby," Olivia chuckled as she stood and undid her pants allowing them to fall to the floor before quickly removing her shirt, "I just need to get out of these clothes. Do me a favor and sit up."

Penny did as she was asked and Olivia helped her out of her shirt. Olivia held out her hand and Penny gladly accepted it only to be pulled to her feet and guided to Olivia's bedroom twenty feet away. When they reached the bed Olivia sat down on the edge and patted the middle of mattress with a smile urging Penny to lie down. Suddenly, nervous Penny stood there for a second.

"It's okay," Olivia said still smiling, "I won't bite too hard unless you want me to." Penny laughed despite herself, but she was still feeling nervous about taking this to the next level. She knew she was being silly. She'd already gone farther than she'd ever thought possible with another girl let alone Olivia. There was just something she had to know before she took the plunge.

"Have you ever done this before?" She asked in a quiet voice.

"Well, yeah," Olivia said kind of thrown back by Penny's sudden change of mood, "Many times. I thought you knew… Have you?"

"No," Penny said in the same quiet voice. Penny suddenly seemed like a scared little girl. Olivia almost felt bad for trying to seduce her, but something inside her told her that even though Penny seemed scared now that she really wanted to keep going. She just needed some reassurance.

"Do you want to?" Olivia asked hoping she knew the answer already. When Penny nodded Olivia got back and stood in front of her placing her hands around her face gently stroking her soft skin. "Then let's do it. I promise you'll like it." With that she kissed Penny's forehead slowly, sensually.

Looking Penny in the eyes she saw desire again. Slowly she kissed her again this time on her soft, thin lips. Penny responded instantly, her hands finding their way around Olivia's warm body pulling her closer. Olivia's lips parted and her tongue came out to ease its way between Penny's lips. Penny's lips parted as she accepted Olivia's kiss.

Tongue slid against tongue as hands explored soft skin, the small of the back, soft butt cheeks and the valley between them, shoulders and everything in-between. The kiss deepened and soft moans filled the room.

Penny's momentary doubts vanished as quickly as they'd appeared. She didn't even think of resisting when Olivia broke the kiss and guided her onto to the bed. She just lay on her side waiting for Olivia to join her, which she did without pause and they were instantly locked in another embrace laying face to face on their sides on the big, cozy bed.
