 The following week, the Hawley's went up to London again for the weekend, taking Simone's younger brother and leaving Simone in Miss Pauline's care. Simone was pleased to be alone with her governess. Miss Pauline had shared such exciting things with her last time, and Simone could not wait for bedtime. 

Simone went to her room at 9.30 and undressed. She looked at her young body in the cheval glass. Her breasts were so much smaller than Miss Pauline's, but they had a pretty shape, and she liked the way they looked when her nipples stood out. She pinched them gently until they were hard and turned sideways to see the curve of her behind and her breasts in profile. What would a man think? Would he want her body? Miss Pauline had said men think of nothing but getting a girl's clothes off. Did Charles the footman think of her in that way? 

She had noticed the footman's eyes on her at meals. Was he imagining her naked? Simone turned from side to side, flirting with her reflection in the full length mirror. Would Charles like to see this? Would her body excite him?

Simone stroked the pale hair at her mound. Miss Pauline said men want most of all to get at this, she thought, and to push their man thing in a girl's wet opening. Simone caressed herself as she looked in the mirror. Her clit stood out and she could see her pink lips, glistening and damp. Is this what Charles wants? She slid her finger gently inside. It would only penetrate a little way, but it felt wonderful. 

As she watched herself, in the mirror, Simone imagined Charles the footman standing behind the heavy velvet curtains watching her every move. She rubbed the tip of her stiff clit with her thumb, imagining Charles kissing her, his big hands touching her naked body. 

Unbeknownst to Simone, Miss Pauline had been folding Simone's underwear in the dressing room adjoining the bedchamber. She was now observing her charge through the half open door. Miss Pauline gazed approvingly at young Simone's youthful display. The girl was truly blossoming. Miss Pauline could see that her first lessons in female pleasure had awoken a precocious desire. 

As she watched Simone touch herself, Miss Pauline felt her own peach swell and dampen her lacey undergarments. Her bodice suddenly felt constricting on her large breasts and she had an urge to loosen her clothes. But instead Miss Pauline cleared her throat and closed a drawer to announce her presence. 

Simone turned from the mirror in surprise and grasped her long white cotton night-dress off the bed. She slipped it over her head.

"Miss Pauline? Are you there?" Simone asked a little nervously. For a moment she thought Charles the footman might emerge from the dressing room.

"Yes Simone, I am just putting your things away. Are you ready for bed?"

"Yes Miss. Will you say goodnight?" Simone's unsatisfied desire had returned and more than anything she wanted to be alone with Miss Pauline. 

Miss Pauline entered the room and looked at Simone's flushed face and disheveled hair.

"Please let me tidy your hair Simone. You are all at sixes and sevens."

Simone took a seat on the embroidered chair by her night stand and handed Miss Pauline the silver-handled hair brush. Miss Pauline began gently brushing, being careful not to pull the tangles. Simone gazed at her reflection in the mirror and her mind returned to the questions she had been asking herself.

"Miss Pauline, am I too small? Too girlish?"

"Why no Simone, you have a very pretty figure," Miss Pauline said, caressing the girl's slender neck, "Many men prefer a petite woman, it makes them feel protective."

'Really? I am so slight compared to you Miss Pauline, you have such feminine curves."

"Don't be silly my dear," Miss Pauline laughed, flattered in spite of her self, "you are in the early Spring of life and I, alas, am past Summer and feel the chill of Autumn. There now, your hair is done. Let me pull back the covers for you."

Miss Pauline helped Simone into bed and tucked her in. She put out the lights and was stepping towards the door when Simone asked her to stay.

"Lie down Miss and talk to me, please! I am so nervous with Mama and Papa gone."

Miss Pauline lay on the coverlet, but Simone insisted that she slide between the crisp linen sheets. When they were close and warm, Simone boldly took the governess's hand and placed it on her breast.

"Now Miss, how could these tiny things please a man? Tell me truly."

Miss Pauline slipped her hand under Pauline's night-dress and caressed the girl's young breasts, feeling Simone's taught nipples harden at her touch.

"Why yes Simone, a young man would adore your pretty bosom. Look how your precious nipples stand up and ask politely to be kissed."

"Oh please kiss them Miss," Simone begged, her voice trembling with excitement. "But first let me free myself from this awful night-dress."

Simone tore off the offending garment and Miss Pauline gently kissed Simone's nipples until they stood out fully erect. Simone sighed and parted her thighs. Her peach was hot and aching to be touched.

"Some men like to lick and suck a woman's breasts," Miss Pauline whispered as she kissed Simone's nipples.

"Oh please suck them Miss. I can't stand it when you tease me," Simone pleaded. She pushed her young breasts out, offering them to Miss Pauline's lips.

Miss Pauline waited for a minute to increase the suspense and then ran the tip of her tongue lightly over Simone's hard nipples. Simone shivered in ecstasy. Miss Pauline closed her full lips over Simone's nipple and sucked, making the girl gasp with arousal.

Simone took Miss Pauline's hand and guided it to her peach. "Please touch it Miss, I am about to explode," she whispered.

Instead, Miss Pauline caressed Simone's flat belly and stroked her thighs, circling the seat of Simone's excitement. As she traced lines around Simone's belly and thighs, getting maddeningly close, without touching, Miss Pauline continued to lick and suck Simone's nipples. Simone was hot and panting with excitement. Her peach had swollen so that the lips were parted and she was lubricating freely.

"Mmm," Miss Pauline purred, "I can smell your pretty scent Simone. What a sweet perfume!"

"Do you mean my thing Miss? Does it smell?"

"Oh not badly," Miss Pauline said, "your fragrance is delicious. A woman's scent changes, with the moon. At a certain time each month, she is ripe and ready to receive a man's seed. That is when her scent is most bewitching. Have you noticed the male servants being more attentive to you this week?"

"Well no... except Charles the footman. He sometimes looks at me in a rather... attentive way."

"And so he should," Miss Pauline said, "You are a delicious, succulent young thing. Men like to smell and taste a girl's juicy fruit and lick her sweet nectar."

Miss Pauline's fingers brushed Simone's dripping peach and the girl gasped.

"Oh Miss Pauline, please stroke me," Simone pleaded. 

"May I lick you instead?" Miss Pauline asked.

"Oh yes!" Simone cried out, "Lick my peach you whore and I will spend and spend!"

Miss Pauline drew back, "Why Simone! Mind your language!"

"Oh forgive me Miss. I feel so sluttish and it makes me want to use the dirtiest words."

"Very well then, my little slut, beg your Mistress to kiss and lick your whorish cunt."

"Oh please, I beg you Mistress, lick my whore's cunt!" Simone whispered, exciting her self to a fever pitch as she used the forbidden words. 

Miss Pauline spread Simone's delicate thighs and gently kissed her swollen lips. Simone groaned with pleasure as Miss Pauline sucked and licked her fragrant peach. When Simone gripped her hair and moaned, Miss Pauline licked her clit with lightning strokes. She fingered the girl's slit as Simone spent copiously on her.

Then Miss Pauline undressed and let Simone lick and suck her puffy nipples until she was on the verge of orgasm. 

"Now lick your Mistress's juicy cunt you little whore," the Governess whispered.

Simone kissed her way down the Governess's belly until she lay between her thighs.

She looked up teasingly. "I can tell by your sweet scent that your peach is ready to bathe in a man's seed Mistress. Shall I ring for Charles the footman?"

She ran her tongue lightly around Miss Pauline's stiff clit and then put her lips on her governess's peach and sucked and licked her governess to a massive, shuddering climax.

As they lay caressing each other, Miss Pauline responded to Simone's incessant sexual curiosity.

"Does it hurt when a man sticks it in you for the first time?" Simone asked.

"You have a small obstruction here," Miss Pauline said, guiding Simone's fingers to her hymen. "When a man breaks through nature's barrier, there may be some pain and tenderness, but many girls feel nothing at all. And any small pain is well worth it, for then the pleasure takes over."

"What does his thing look like? Is it big and brutal like a horse?"

"No Simone, not that big. If you are curious, I know a servant who might help us educate you on the male anatomy."

"Charles?" Simone asked excitedly.

"No, not Charles," Miss Pauline laughed, "He is a handsome fellow, but perhaps a little old for you. I was thinking of Jack the stable boy. I spoke to him the other night and I am certain of his discretion. Would you like to visit him?"

"Oh Miss!" Simone blushed and giggled. "I can't wait!"

On Saturday evening at dusk, Miss Pauline and Simone approached the stable. There were no lights and they saw no sign of Jack. Ms Pauline guided Simone through the dark, aromatic stable, rich with the scent of horses and hay.

"The smell of stables has a strange effect on me," Miss Pauline whispered. "Last time I was here, I had to undress!"

"Miss Pauline!" Simone exclaimed, "you are naughty! But I know what you mean. There is something about this place. I feel I would be quite comfortable without my clothes."

"Well then, let's undress," Miss Pauline said, unbuttoning herself, "It feels wonderful to be naked in the night air."

Simone watched as Miss Pauline stripped down to her ankle boots. The sight of her voluptuous governess naked in this dark stable excited Simone. She approached Miss Pauline like a lover and ran her hands over the naked woman's breasts. Miss Pauline's nipples stood out and as Simone touched them she shivered with pleasure.

"I like to be naked with the horses," Miss Pauline whispered, her breath hot and her voice shaking. "I am so wet, if you touch me, I will spend on you, you little whore."

Simone unbolted the gate of the stallion's stable and led Miss Pauline inside. The huge black horse stood stock still as Simone positioned her governess by his hind-quarters. Miss Pauline felt the powerful animal's flank against her naked behind. The horse allowed her to lean against him without stirring. Miss Pauline was now swollen and dripping. Her full breasts stood out as she felt the stallion's rough coat against her flesh. The mixture of sensations, the animal scent and her naked body touching this huge, virile beast, was driving Miss Pauline into an ecstasy of arousal. 

Simone stripped off her own clothes and pressed against the Governess. Miss Pauline moaned and began to rub her mound against Simone's thigh, but Simone slid down Miss Pauline's body to her knees and knelt in the straw, inhaling the dark scents of the stable. She kissed and licked Miss Pauline's swollen peach until the Governess cried aloud and came in a hot stream, soaking Simone's face and breasts.

Miss Pauline collected their clothes and hung them on a hook in the stallion's quarters. Then she bolted the door and led Simone up a flight of rough wooden steps to the upper floor of the stables and on to Jack's secluded quarters. Both Simone and Miss Pauline were naked, except for their boots, which protected their feet from the mud and manure.

"Where is he?" Simone asked.

"I'm sure Jack will return soon," Miss Pauline said, "but before he arrives, I want to display you nicely for him."

Miss Pauline guided Simone to the ropes that still dangled from the upper beam where Jack had tied and whipped her. She tied the rope ends around the girl's delicate wrists and pulled until Simone was standing almost on her toes. The sensation of being bound, naked, and on display had a powerful effect on Simone, but before she had time to focus, she heard footsteps and Jack walked out of the shadows, carrying a lantern.

"Good evening Jack," Miss Pauline said, "I have a guest with me tonight."

Jack gazed at Simone, unable to speak.

"Since we are naked Jack, it is only polite that you join us. Please take off your clothes and show Miss Simone how much you admire her."

Jack stripped off his rough shirt and undid his belt. He dropped his trousers, and kicked them aside, revealing a firm, throbbing erection. 

"What a handsome thing you have there, Jack!" Miss Pauline said, "And see Simone what a compliment he is paying you, he is standing up for you! Isn't Miss Simone an exquisite creature Jack?"

"Yes Miss," the Stable Boy spoke quietly. Jack knew the naked beauty was his master's daughter. He would be hung, drawn and quartered if her father should see him now. 

"Come closer Jack and kiss Miss Simone. She is all ready to be touched."

Jack stepped closer, his head down, and then of suddenly bold, he kissed Simone full on the mouth. Simone felt his rough, dry lips and tasted and smelled him. She felt his naked erection, rub her silky thigh. Jack placed his hands on her tiny waist and caressed her hips and buttocks. 

"Would you like to do more Jack?" Miss Pauline asked. "You have my permission to do anything but penetrate her."

Jack kissed and licked Simone's budding nipples. Then he slid his hand down her belly and firmly gripped her sex in his right hand. Simone sighed aloud. The strength and confidence of his touch made her head spin. Jack was holding her peach as though it was his property, and Simone could not hide her arousal. She lubricated freely on Jack's probing fingers.

"What would you like me to do Ma'am?" he asked courteously.

Simone looked questioningly at Miss Pauline.

"Stroke her peach with your hard thing Jack but be careful not to put it in her," the Governess whispered.

"Oh yes Miss, with pleasure," Jack said. He brushed the dripping head of his stiff cock between Simone's swollen lips and caressed the tip of her clit, making her sigh and groan with desire.

Miss Pauline stood behind Simone, rubbing her peach against the girl's firm young buttocks as she watched Jack stroke Simone with his big member.

"You see how he drips Simone?" Miss Pauline whispered in her ear, "He is so excited at touching your body. His juice is overflowing and he wants to spend it in you."

"Oh please" Simone moaned as Jack continued to massage her clit with his dripping member, "put it in me Jack. Ride me like a mare! Spend in me! Oh! Oh!"

"Don't dare enter her Jack," Miss Pauline hissed, "her virginity must remain intact for her future husband."

She reached under Simone's buttocks and pulled Jack's big member between Simone's parted thighs. She rubbed Jack's dripping head between Simone's lips without allowing Jack to slide into her tight passage. Then she pulled Jack's member through Simone's legs and let it slide into her own dripping peach.

"Have at me Jack!" Miss Pauline moaned. Jack began furiously lunging into Miss Pauline's tight cunt and Simone was crushed between the lust of the stable boy and that of her Governess. Simone melted and sighed with frustration under the rough fury of Jack's lust until he cried aloud. "I am spending Miss!"

Miss Pauline pulled Jack's member out of her and rubbed his squirting cock against Simone's virgin peach. Simone felt Jack's warm juice soak her peach. When Jack was fully spent, Miss Pauline knelt and licked his salty cum off Simone's peach, sliding her tongue into the girl's tight slit. Simone climaxed on her Governess in a flood of juice.

"Now Simone, you have behaved in a very unladylike manner tonight," Miss Pauline said sternly, "For your own good, I think you should be punished. Jack, fetch that dark tan whip from the rack and give Miss Simone's behind a good lashing."

Jack took down the whip as Simone gazed at him with eyes like saucers. She had never in her life been punished in this way. She could hardly believe her governess until the lash cut across her tender behind and she winced and cried out.

"Oh no Miss, please spare me, I promise to behave like a lady."

Miss Pauline signaled Jack to continue and as he did so, the Governess caressed Simone's stiff clit and pressed her breasts in her face until Simone began to suck her nipples. The mixture of sensations was heady and confusing. Simone turned this way and that, trying to escape the pain of the whip by focusing on Miss Pauline's caresses. All the while she was displaying her body in a most teasing and delightful manner. Jack sported a huge erection as he applied the whip and Simone's pale buttocks were striped with red lines.

As Jack continued to apply the whip, Ms Pauline slid to her knees and licked and sucked Simone's peach until she drove her over the edge and Simone climaxed with the whip stinging her reddened and swollen buttocks. The intense mixture of pain and pleasure was imprinted on Simone's psyche, as Miss Pauline had intended, and at that moment Simone became a libertine.

As Simone's orgasm subsided, Miss Pauline untied her wrists and led her to Jack's bed. 

"Kneel on the bed Simone and let Jack and I tend to your sore behind," she said.

Miss Pauline beckoned Jack over and as he approached Simone's red-striped bottom, Miss Pauline deftly masturbated him over Simone's bruised ass.

"Oh yes Jack," she said, "You have a fine member. Perhaps next time, you can put it in Simone's behind and fuck the daylights out of this young whore. Would you like that? Yes? Yes? Yes? Ohhh yes!" 

Jack ejaculated in long streams over Simone's buttocks and Miss Pauline rubbed his sticky, fragrant balm into her student's bruises. Simone sighed in an ecstasy of pain and pleasure.

"Goodness me, it must be ten of the clock! Time for us ladies to be going," Miss Pauline said, leading Simone to the stairs. "Our clothes are below and we will find our own way. Perhaps we shall visit you again, but be sure your lips stay sealed Jack. If your master heard of this, I would lose my position, but your life would not be worth two pence. Goodnight dear Jack, and pleasant dreams!"