 Why can't I see?

That was my first thought, waking up on Sunday morning. My second, and much more concerning, thought was, "Why can't I move?"

I could feel something wrapped tightly around my wrists and ankles, pulling them taut away from my body. I was face down on what felt like a bed, which I guessed was mine, but I couldn't be sure. 

Saturday night I'd gone to bed early and alone. Shannon was visiting her parents for the weekend and she was supposed to be back on Monday morning. She'd just finished a long and hectic semester of school, topped off with tedious exams, and she was feeling homesick. Fear started to boil up in my chest as I realized I was strapped face down on a bed, naked and blindfolded, and I had no idea where I was or who was there with me. I started struggling against the bonds, trying to loosen them, but there was no slack to get free. Whatever I was tied with was tight. I was starting to freak out a little.

"Oh, you're awake!" a woman's voice chimed in from my right. I could instantly tell it was Shannon, and the fear melted away.

"Shannon! Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing here? You're not supposed to be back until Monday."

"I decided to come back early and give you a little thrill!" I felt her sit down next to me on the bed and rest a hand on my back. "Do you like?"

"You scared the shit out of me!" I whined. 

"Aw, I'm sorry hun." She said, patting my ass. 

"But now that you're awake, and all tied up..." 

I felt her warm breath in my ear as her voice fell to a whisper. 

"...I'm gonna do whate-e-ver I want to you." her voice trailed off and I felt her grab on to my ass, digging her nails into my cheek and squeezing. I groaned at the thought of what she had in store for me, my body strapped down to the bed and spread wide, all my various intimate areas on display for her.

"Mmm... what are you gonna do?"

I felt her weight lift from the bed and her nails leave my ass as she moved away. "You'll see soon enough." I could hear her messing with something and I turned my head, craning by neck to try and hear what she was doing.

"But for now..." she said, moving back toward the bed. She knelt next to me and I heard a buzzing noise click on. I felt her breath near my ear again as she leaned close. "...you're just going to lie here, and think about all the nasty things I'm gonna do to you." she whispered.

I groaned at the thought. She was in a teasing mood. It was going to be a long morning. 

Long, and very pleasurable, I was sure.

My pussy was already aching as she placed a buzzing vibrator on the bed right next to it, close enough so I could feel it, but not nearly close enough.

"See you soon." she purred.

"Wait! Please..." I groaned as I heard her footsteps fade from the room. I could feel the vibrations coming through the bed and tickling my clit, but all I could do was moan into the sheets, unable to get enough stimulation to cum. I tried to rock on the bed and make the vibrator roll closer, but it didn't move at all. I pulled against the ties, trying to push back towards the vibe. I was getting frustrated. Nothing was working. I needed to get loose. I needed to touch myself. I needed desperately to fill my cunt with something. I knew that as soon as I did my pussy would explode all over the bed, but I couldn't do anything. Shannon had tied me well. All I could do was squeeze my pussy muscles to try and ease the tension just a little. 

My mind started to wander to what she said, as I tried to keep from thinking about the intolerable itch inside my pussy. What would she do to me, all spread and completely open for her to play with? Would she fuck my pussy? My ass? Would she spank me? Whip me? Or would she make just make me lick her cunt? At this point I would have let her do anything. My pussy was soaking wet. I could feel my juices oozing out and soaking the sheets beneath me, little droplets rolling down and tickling my clit before moistening the bed. How long was she going to tease me like this before she let me cum? 

It felt like an eternity before I heard her come back into the room. In reality it was probably only 15 minutes or so, but 15 minutes feels like an eternity when you're on the edge of an orgasm. My head snapped toward the door as soon as I heard her enter.

"Please, Shannon! Please, fuck me with something! Anything! I need to cum! Please!" I babbled.

"Shhhh..." she purred. "You're going to cum when I let you cum, and not before. Now, no more talking."

I felt her slide something over my head, over the blindfold and down to my mouth. She lifted my hair up and pushed a gag into my mouth, tightening it down so I couldn't speak. I would have screamed in frustration if I could.

There was silence for a long moment, until I felt a light tickling on my shoulder that made me jump. It moved gently down my back, flittering across my spine, making my body twitch back and forth from the soft, tickling sensation. I felt Shannon climb onto the bed and straddle my hips, tickling my sides with what I'd now decided had to be a feather. She ran it along my ribs, up the soft curve of my breast and along my back to the other side. It was driving me insane, but all I could do was moan against the gag as it danced across my skin. 

"Aww, does that tickle?" She giggled as I screamed into my gag and bucked my hips. I couldn't move more than a few inches. 

She dragged the feather down the small of my back and across my butt, until it was resting right on my asshole. It flicked back and forth, tickling the wrinkled little hole and making me squirm. The tip of the feather danced between my taut cheeks for a minute, until it moved lower and lower, finally tickling my swollen pussy lips.

I didn't think I could get any closer to orgasm without exploding, but I was wrong. Shannon teased my pussy with the feather for minutes, driving me crazy. I groaned and squealed into my gag, tears forming in my eyes as every flick of the feather tip felt like a searing streak of pleasure across my pussy lips. Shannon was still on top of me, giggling as she teased me mercilessly, clearly loving the way I was squirming and blubbering. She ran the feather edge up between my lips, bringing me even closer to the edge of orgasm. A little drop of pussy juice trickled out as she pulled it away.

Finally, the feather torture stopped. I still hadn't cum, and the vibrator was still buzzing away on the bed near my pussy, continuing to keep me right on the verge of orgasm. I felt Shannon's long nails dig into my shoulders and scrape down, scratching along the length of my back. She fluttered the backs of her fingers back up to my shoulders and did the same thing again, this time scratching over my ribs and along my sides. 

As her nails clawed my back lightly, all the way from my shoulders down over my ass, I felt her grinding her mound against the back of my thigh, making it slick and wet. I could feel her slippery shaved pussy lips spreading out against the soft skin.

My body was heaving as I breathed hard, drinking in all the pleasurable sensations Shannon was inflicting on me, but needing desperately to be brought over the edge. She leaned her head down and let her hair trail along my back, soothing the light scratches and tickling my skin. Her hands gripped my sides and she massaged the smooth skin of my back, moving in gentle little circles with her thumbs as her slick pussy crushed into my thigh.

Suddenly she was off the bed and I heard her moving to the dresser. She was back moments later and I felt her her tits press into my back as she moved between my outstretched legs and laid down on top of me, her head resting right next to mine. Her hands reached under me and grabbed my tits, her fingers roughly sqeezing and pinching my nipples. Another wave of pleasure washed over me as she teased them.

"Do you want to cum baby?" she whispered into my ear. I whined loudly, nodding my head and pleading as well as I could with the gag in my mouth.

"Are you sure?" she said, continuing to torture me. I frantically shook my head and moaned.

"MMMMNNN!!"

Fireworks went off behind my eyes as she thrust her hips hard, and I felt a long, thick strap-on plunge into my pussy to the hilt. My body enveloped the thick, hard shaft, clenching down on it as I exploded. I felt my juices spray out around the thick cock and soak the bed beneath me, every muscle tensing and burning as one of the most intense orgasms of my life ripped through my pussy. My arms and legs burned as I pulled and shook against the bonds like I was being electrocuted. I screamed into the gag in my mouth and clenched my eyes shut behind the blindfold, tears streaming down my face from the intensity.

"That's it..." she whispered into my ear. "Let it all out baby. Cum all over my cock."

I bit down hard on the gag and buried my face in the bed as Shannon pulled the strap-on out and then slammed into my pussy again. I came again, creamy fluid pouring out around it as a second orgasm exploded inside me. I felt her lean forward and cover my body with hers. Her stiff nipples pressed into my back and she wrapped her arms around me, squeezing my tits hard. Her hips crashed against me over and over again, plunging the thick strap on down into me and pinning me to the bed with each thrust. My head was spinning from the continuous flood of orgasms and cum that was pouring out of my body. 

She kept fucking me hard, stretching out my tight cunt as I buried my face in the sheets, teeth clenched and toes curling. Her fucking became erratic and I felt her thighs tense against my ass. Her body stiffened on top of me and she whimpered, little "oh god" gasps pouring from her mouth as she started twitching and shaking against my hot body, her own orgasm washing over her.

Finally she collapsed limply onto my back and sighed, the strapon still stretching my pussy as she tried to catch her breath. Our sweaty bodies felt so hot pressed together, almost like one, as they rose and fell together from our heavy breathing. 

"Fuck that was good." she panted. She laid her head flat on my shoulder and stroked my hair as we both came down from the intense feeling.

After a long minute she rolled off of me, the strapon slipping out of my pussy with a little flood of juices, and crawled up the bed. She carefully removed my gag and I worked my sore jaw slowly as I caught my breath. 

"Jesus." I groaned, finally able to breathe normally. "I love you, but don't you ever torture me like that again!"

"Oh I'm not done yet." she giggled. "In case you didn't notice, you're still all tied up." she said, running a finger up and down my outstretched arm.

I felt the slick tip of the strapon poking at my lips as she kneeled in front of me. She lifted the blindfold up and I saw it sticking out lewdly toward my mouth. 

"Suck it."

I opened my mouth obediently and she pushed forward, my lips sliding down around the cock until I felt the tip pressing at the back of my throat. I could taste the sweetness of my pussy juices on it as she slowly fucked my face. She pulled it back and ran my pink tongue along the smooth surface, lapping up the little drops of my cream that rolled down the length of the rubber monster. It was bigger than I realized. Bigger than anything I thought we had in our collection. Shannon must have made a new purchase while she was on vacation.

"God I wish this thing was real." she moaned. "Your mouth is so fucking sexy." She smacked the dildo lightly on my cheek a couple times, then slid the warm length over and around my face. 

She put her fingers on my chin and tilted my head up, leaning down and kissing me deeply. Our eyes closed and I felt her tongue slip into my mouth, her long brown hair cascading around our heads and blocking out the morning light. The kiss felt like it lasted for minutes, both of us inhaling each other as her soft, delicate tongue danced with mine, massaging it gently as she tasted my pussy. Finally our lips parted and she sighed, keeping her fingertips on my chin and her eyes closed for a long moment. 

"Mmm..." she moaned. Her mouth broke into a grin, lips slighly parted as her tongue ran slowly over them, relishing the lingering feeling of the kiss.

"So good." she sighed, finally opening her eyes.

She giggled as she yanked the blindfold back down and climbed over my back, crawling like a cat behind me and flopping down between my legs. She wrapped her arms around my thighs and I moaned as she buried her face in my pussy. I couldn't see what she was doing, but I could feel her tongue lapping up all the wetness that was soaking my lips and the smooth, stretched skin of my thighs. Her hands traveled lower, caressing my calves and tickling the undersides of my knees, making me squirm. 

"Such a pretty little pussy." she whispered.

Her tongue glided across the puffy lips like a butterfly, slowly fluttering up towards my exposed asshole. I felt her place the pad of a finger on my asshole and gently rub in little cirlces, while her warm tongue teased the sensitive flesh between my holes. She licked her finger and pushed the tip just past the tight ring of my ass before pulling it out again. I could feel the hole winking open as she withdrew the finger and replaced it with her slick tongue. Her tongue flicked lightly over the tight bud with quick, feathery strokes, wetting it and teasing me. My ass jumped a little from the tickling sensation and I heard her giggle.

"Does that feel good?" she asked.

"God yes..." I moaned. "Please stick it in!"

"Stick what in?" she giggled, digging her nails into my ass and spreading the cheeks.

"Your tongue!" I said. I could feel her hot breath right next to the hole as she massaged the taut flesh around it with her hands.

"Stick it where?" she asked, clearly enjoying tormenting me.

"In my fucking ass!" I cried, almost yelling at her.

"Beg for it." she hissed, again lightly flicking her tongue around my twitching hole. I could almost feel her grinning. If I hadn't been tied down I might have killed her!

"Jesus! Please, pretty please, tongue fuck my ass!!" I begged.

She buried her face between my cheeks and I felt her tongue split my asshole open and dig deep. I moaned as her head bobbed up and down and she stiffened her tongue, penetrating the tight ring over and over again as her soft hair tickled my tighs and ass. I felt her thumb on my clit as a finger slid into my gooey pussy, pressing down and massaging my g-spot, and I twitched and spasmed as another orgasm erupted inside of me. 

"Oh god, Shannon. I'm cumming! That feels so good!" I cried, pressing my face into the sheets again. Her hot, slippery tongue swirled all around my asshole, exploring every little wrinkle and crevasse as my body shook with orgasm. Her fingers left my pussy and she dug her nails into my soft cheeks, kneading them and spreading them wide so she could bury her slick tongue even deeper. I could feel my asshole gripping her tongue as her head bobbed up and down. Suddenly she pulled back and planted wet kisses on the hole, caressing it softly with the tip of her tongue. I groaned at the sensation and clenched my fists, part of me wishing I was loose, and part of me loving being at Shannon's mercy.

*SMACK*

"Ow!" I yelped as she spanked my ass hard.

"Shut up!" she snapped.

A volley of stinging slaps rained down on my tight cheeks, making them burn. She kept spanking me until I was sure my ass was bright red. Finally she stopped and gently stroked the sore flesh with her fingers as I whimpered. I felt an ice cold drop of lube fall onto the fiery flesh and she massaged it in, soothing the burning feeling. She buried her face in my butt again as she massaged the sting from the spanking away. Her hands flattened and she ran them deep between the plump cheeks, spreading me open as wide as she could. 

I felt her index fingers slither into the slippery hole, gently pulling it apart. She pushed her tongue back in and rimmed me as she stretched the tight muscle with her fingers. I felt them withdraw, and then a cool drop of lube plopped where they'd been. Shannon's gently massaged the lube around the hole with the pad of her finger, drizzling more up and down along the crack of my ass. Her fingers plunged back inside, twisting and spinning as she greased the tight tunnel.

"Are you ready to get your ass fucked?"

"Yes! Please fuck m--" All at once she plunged the cock into my ass and the blindfold was ripped from my eyes. At the same time my ass was filled completely, my eyes adjusted and focused on the light of our TV, with the video of me getting gangbanged at the club playing on the giant screen. I was already covered with cum, grinding my hips into a couple of guys, with a cock in every hole. I couldn't believe how slutty I looked. Every inch of my skin glistened under the lights with the slick wetness of cum, sweat, and pussy juice. 

I started to cum again as Shannon pummeled my ass, smushing my face into the bed, but she grabbed a fistful of my blonde hair and pulled it, forcing me head up and making me watch myself getting well and truly fucked on the TV screen. She leaned over and hissed in my ear as the giant strapon pistoned in and out of me, fucking my ass harder than my pussy.

"You're such a little butt slut." she hissed. "You love having your little ass raped like this."

"God I do." I groaned, gritting my teeth as she fucked me even harder.

"Look at you taking all those fucking cocks. I've never seen such a nasty little whore. Fuck!"

She raised herself up on her hands and started slamming into my ass, her hips smacking into my cheeks with a wet slap. Her thighs were slick with her juices and the balls of the strapon were slamming into my cunt with every thrust. I couldn't believe how hard she was pounding my ass. The cock pistoned in and out of me with long, smooth strokes, stretching every part of my tightest hole. It felt amazing. 

I looked up at the TV again, watching as a bunch of guys were spraying their loads in and on my body. My skin was completely glazed with cum. Watching myself being used like that, while I was tied up with Shannon's massive strapon buried in my ass, made me insane with lust. 

"Fuck yes!" I screamed. "Fuck my butt! Harder!!!" She grabbed my ass and started pounding me like a jackhammer.

"God... you're such a nasty little slut." She leaned in close to my ear and whispered. "I bet you wish all those guys were here right now so they could give you a nice, sticky cum shower don't you?" Her tongue flicked my ear as she spoke

I was dripping sweat from the exertion of trying to fuck her back while tied up, and strands of hair were plastered to my face and neck. The sheets under me were soaking wet from sweat and cum. I felt her lift herself higher off my body and start stabbing the cock down into my ass. Every time she pulled back the fat head popped out, and then plunged back in again, stretching my rectum wider. With every plunge I could feel juices leak out of my pussy and run down my sticky mound, soaking the bed. I watched the screen as three guys knelt around my head and plastered my face with a layer of fresh, white cum.

Her body twitched and shook violently on top of me as she came, clawing my ass and burying the rubber cock balls deep. 

"Ohhhh god, Heather." she moaned, before finally collapsing on top of my sweaty back. I felt her hard nipples digging into me as her body quivered on top of me like jelly. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled herself tight against me, her chin resting on my shoulder.

"Jesus, that was so good." she sighed. She was slowly writhing her hips on top of me, the thick strapon gently working between my cheeks, massaging my tender asshole. I loved to feel her soft, slick skin sliding against mine. She ran her tongue along the inside of my neck, over my shoulder, and planted soft kisses down my spine as her hips gently moved. It gave me goosebumps. 
