 Authors note:

Firstly, I would love to thank Chris R. for helping create this story, for the character of Chris F, and for just being an awesome person. I hope this is everything you hoped it would be.

This story has been a fair amount of work. What started out as a short story, sort of grew out of all proportions in to my longest ever work.

I am sorry there is hardly any sex in the 20k words... actually that's not true, there is a hell of a lot of sex in it. Possibly more than any two of my other stories put together. So I will stop procrastinating and let you get on with the story. 

*

ATM

The Graduate

"Are you sure about this one?"

The question drew True's attention away from the rugby match for a split second. "Yes."

True's secretary, Paula Robinson, winced as the figure they were watching performed a hard tackle. "Seriously? Are you sure it won't be a little rough?"

A smirk crossed True's pale lips. "Ye of little faith." She answered. "If you knew anything about this sport you would see what I do."

"Meaning?" Paula asked impatiently.

"The tackle could be far harder." True informed her. "Watch as the number three goes in for the tackle, at the last second the momentum halts and weight shifts from front foot to rear. That takes the impact out of the tackle, and speaks of a fear of hurting people."

"Well, you're the boss True." Paula acknowledged. "Although I don't get this game at all, football I understand but not this."

True smiled at the comment. "Paula, rugby is the sport of hooligans played by gentlemen, whereas football is the sport of gentlemen played by hooligans."

"Whatever." Paula sighed in reply.

True Martin, with the help of a few select aids, ran a very exclusive course. Not something you would find in the local papers, or on flyers attached to car windscreens. In fact, you wouldn't find it advertised anywhere. The clients were drawn from information databases, pulled from forums and advice lines run by True's employees. The clients were always female of body, regardless of gender identity, and had struggled with coming out as who they were. They were selected very carefully, more often than not without even knowing they were being observed. If quizzed about her modus operandi, True would admit it was a little like stalking, but upmost secrecy was needed to prevent any identities being discovered, her own, or more importantly, the clients.

The observation of the selected clients was second nature to True. She had been an officer in the British Army before transferring in to the elite Special Reconnaissance Regiment. She had worked as an intelligence gatherer and field agent in several different warzones and on home soil in anti-terrorist operations, she had developed an ability for blending in to crowds so easily, she had earned the nickname The Predator after the alien in the film of that name. Unluckily, her career had ended when she was hit by a drunk driver whilst she was crossing the road, the impact broke her leg in multiple places and she spent over a year learning to walk again. After surviving three tours in Afghanistan without a scratch, the irony was real.

The idea for running the course had been born from when True had come out as gay. In her line of work, she hadn't had a great deal of time for relationships, and really only came to terms with the fact that she preferred women, when she had a very intense affair with Belinda a fiery redhead physiotherapist, that sadly lasted less time than it took to regain the full use of her leg. Left with enough savings to live comfortably, a bag full of questions about life and a space in her heart that needed filling, True signed up to a string of gay singles website, only to find out that there were a lot of sites more concerned with taking her money, than actually finding a fresh out of the box woman a loving partner.

With a little help from friends she had made through her career, True set her own company up. It began catering specifically to just gay women, but as it took off, it was expanded to many differently defined target groups, subsequently, True realised that there was a need for a place for youngsters to get good advice about how to deal with sexual and gender issues in confidence. She hired a couple of professional advisors and began to help those who were in need, via a specialist forum funded by her dating company.

With a better and more reliable source of relationships, over the course of a couple of years, True delved deeply in to the world of lesbian sex, finding out exactly what she enjoyed and didn't. Sadly, even after many partners, True never found the one special person to share her life with. With that pain buried deep, she became determined to make sure younger women had the confidence to find their special someone, and she embarked on a new venture.

The couple of web developers that had built her site, put together search parameters to sift through the user databases and analyse those in most need. From there True would personally collate information on each possible candidate. When one had been selected a careful program of observation was carried out to confirm the prospective client's suitability, then an email was sent out inviting the prospective client to a meeting to discuss the prospect of spending a short time being taught ways to survive the world, and the pitfalls that love could bring.

No money was asked for this service, it was just True's way of filling her empty life and hopefully helping others out.

True had already chosen the latest candidate out, the number three of the rugby team they had just been watching, otherwise known as Chris F. Listed as non-binary, in their early twenties, interests were playing rugby, cycling and kayaking.

Paula had her reservations, she apparently thought that the broad shouldered prop looked a little too strong and possibly overzealous, but True was an exceptional judge of character. She could see the gentle creature that dwelt inside.

The final whistle blew and the match ended, Chris's team won by a narrow margin.

"Draw up the paperwork, and send the invite." True instructed. "And when you do the interview, don't let your judgment cloud your mind. Trust me on this one."

Paula sighed and nodded then gave the surveillance team instructions to stand down as True left the stadium.

***

Day 1

True Martin waited at the arrivals gate, the plane had already landed and Chris would soon appear. She checked her reflection one final time, as with everything in her life, she had planned things to the finest detail, and the first impression was important one to make. She smoothed her light grey rain coat down over her trim figure, for a forty-eight-year-old she was confident that her body could belong to a much younger woman. Her blonde hair was cropped short and the suit she wore under the rain coat was immaculately cut to suit her figure.

The first few passengers began to emerge in to the arrivals area, and True held up a small sign with the name 'Chris F' printed on it in bold lettering. She casually slipped her free hand in to a trouser pocket, pushing the right side of her coat back, to allow a view of her suited body. Every action was made purposely to plant an image in to her client's mind before any words were exchanged.

She spotted Chris before Chris spotted the sign. Again, pre-planned, as True knew who to look for, whilst Chris was looking for someone holding a sign in a crowd of people holding signs.

The rugby player True had watched didn't look like the person whose eyes searched the crowd. The confident power of the tighthead prop had been replaced by a shy looking person. The same well-muscled shoulders filled out a comfortable looking charcoal grey suit, cut more for a male than a woman. A crown of dark brown hair in short soft curls angled down the back of Chris's head, to just off the collar of a plain white shirt. The sides, above Chris's ears, were buzzed short and a zigzag line was shaven in to the hair to replicate an EKG display.

The similarities in their clothing wasn't coincidental, True had been sent a message showing what Chris had worn to travel, and dressed to match. It was all part of the process to set the client at ease and boost confidence.

As in the pictures True had studied, it was the eyes that stood out, a soft blue grey that spoke of intelligence and thoughtfulness. True smiled, happy that she had made the right choice of someone to help. She manoeuvred the sign around casually to ensure Chris spotted it. The easy grin that graced Chris's mouth made True smile wider, and she lifted her sunglasses up to allow their eyes to meet, confident her deep brown eyes would also help put Chris at ease. She knew that they looked honest and caring. They had always been one of her most useful features.

As Chris approached, True lowered the sign and offered her hand, she didn't want to overwhelm anyone on a first meeting, so always settled for a handshake. A Chris responded with a firm but not overpowering shake. Another good sign of innate gentleness.

"True." True introduced, as she stepped in a little closer and placed a light kiss on Chris's cheek.

"Chris." Came the reply, the voice softly edged with an accent.

"Are you comfortable with English." True asked politely, even though she knew Chris spoke fluent English. Just one more reassurance to create a bond.

"English is good." Chris replied warmly, although True did pick up on a slight tremor that could be nerves, or possibly sexual frustration she mused. Time would tell.

"I thought we could get a bite to eat on the way back, if you're hungry that is." True informed with an easy manner as she escorted Chris out of the airport and to the waiting car.

"Cranberry juice with ice for me." True told the waiter after Chris had ordered iced water. "What would you like to eat Chris?"

"Would it be okay if I had the Tikka Masala?" Chris asked after glancing the menu over.

True's heart skipping a beat at the polite request, and returned the question with a warm smile. "You can have whatever you want Chris, while you are here, I will try and provide anything you ask for."

The waiter nodded as he scribbled down the order and turned to True the unspoken question in his eyes.

"And I will have the lemon sole please." True requested.

They waited quietly for a few moments, neither speaking, but True watching Chris taking in the pleasant restaurant.

"You have the most beautiful eyes Chris." True said genuinely meaning the complement.

Chris looked at True then down to the table then back to True. She was sure there was a slight trace of colour to Chris's cheeks and maybe a suggestion of dimples. So cute.

The arrival of the drinks interrupted any further interaction.

The cranberry juice was refreshingly cool and True closed her eyes momentarily.

"Sorry I have to ask, is True your real name." Chris asked.

The question was unexpected, and the most words Chris had said in one go since the meeting at the airport. True arched her eyebrow her humour tweaked.

"No actually it isn't, I was christened Truphena." True admitted. "But most people find True easier to say."

"I like True." Chris replied. "It suits you."

There was something about the way Chris said the words that tugged on True's heart and she felt a genuine warmth for Chris blossom. She made a mental note to tell Paula Robinson 'I told you so'.

As they ate, the conversation remained light and easy, then whilst True had a coffee, and Chris sipped on a second glass of iced water, True moved in to a slightly more serious question.

"So what would you like to learn the most while you are here Chris?"

"I haven't had a lot of experience." Chris replied quietly. "So it would be nice to know if I do anything wrong."

The words were familiar to True. She had heard them more than once from other clients, but she picked up on another underlying tone to the answer.

"Is that all you want to understand?" True asked gently. "I do have a lot of experience to draw on."

The tiny touch of pink blessed Chris's cheeks again. "I think I would like to understand how domination works."

The statement was a complete curve ball to True. She had explained to a few previous clients what it was like to be in both dominant and submissive relationships. As someone who had dominant tendencies she knew very well how relationships were a complex mix of both traits that swung back and forth continually, so much so, that she usually touched on the subject in brief. For a client to ask about domination specifically, it made True think there was more to be unearthed than she first thought.

Never one to let her reactions belay her thoughts, True decided to casually exploit the statement instead of just answering it.

"That's interesting, is there a reason for that?"

Chris's mouth opened to reply, then stopped as it there was an internal argument going on. "I am frightened of hurting someone I care for. I thought if I understood how a dominant can make love to someone, I may be able to without causing physical pain."

The words tumbled out, as if Chris had wanted to say them to someone for a long time, but never had the chance. True felt the same pull on her heart again, and she realised she had underestimated just how gentle Chris was.

"So why dominance over submissive?" True asked carefully, wanting to ensure that there were no more curve balls over the horizon.

Chris's eyes flickered away, then back. Fingers toyed with the half glass of water.

"I have a few issues with giving up control. I think it would freak me out." The words were only just over a whisper.

True reached over and placed her hand over Chris's and smiled in to the blue grey eyes. "I will never try to control you Chris. I promise. And I hope by the end of the week you will have the confidence to love someone safely in a way you want to."

True parked the Range Rover to the side of her house, and so Chris didn't feel locked in, explained how the electric gates operated.

Once inside the single level home, True gave Chris a tour pointing out the kitchen, sitting room, games room, gym, and bathrooms.

"This is the guest bedroom, which is at your disposal." True said as she opened a door. "And my room is opposite. You are free to choose where you want to sleep. There is no pressure either way." True indicated the door to her office. "This room is the only one off limits. It's where I run my business from."

With the tour over, True left Chris to unpack, while she changed in to slightly more comfortable running shorts and t-shirt. She wanted Chris to see the scaring on her leg to get the story of the injury out of the way before they shared a bed for the first time. It was something True liked to do on the first night, a chance to talk and get to know one another a little better.

When Chris emerged from the guest room, dressed in casual t-shirt and shorts, True was relaxing on one of the comfortable sofas, muted classical music playing in the back ground, and sipping a glass of wine.

"Can I get you anything?" True asked, watching as Chris's eyes were draw to her bare legs and the numerous scars where metal pins had been inserted to help repair the shattered bones. True breathed a small sigh of relief when there were no obvious signs of revulsion.

"There's plenty of juice, water, or if you prefer anything a little stronger there is wine." The last offer was another deliberate line. True knew Chris didn't drink, but wanted to ensure she offered. That way the conversation could be opened up to break any ice.

"Honestly water is good." Chris replied, with an easy smile.

True led Chris in to the kitchen, showing where the glasses were kept and dragged a bottle of spring water from the fridge, then topped her own glass up with a smooth deep Italian red.

"So, do you only drink water?" True asked politely.

"Pretty much, I've never really liked the taste of anything alcoholic. Although I do like apple juice as well."

"Sorry, I should have asked if you minded if I drink then." True apologised.

Chris's face split with a warm grin, an expression that True liked, as it made the blue grey eyes twinkle in a slightly suggestive manner.

"It's you home, and I don't mind others drinking, it just doesn't do anything for me."

"Well, while you are here, my home is your home." True told Chris, returning the grin. "Now why don't we spend a little time getting to know one another."

After returning to the sofa, they chatted easily, True asking polite questions to make Chris feel relaxed, and answering Chris's questions happily.

As the evening rolled onwards, the two gradually relaxed in to each other's company, they discussed favourite movies and music, food, art and sports. The conversation about True's injury was talked over, and True felt a little touched when Chris's eyes went a misty while she explained just how she had been injured, and how much metal work had been used in the repair.

With darkness falling, True faked a yawn. "Well, I need to turn in." She announced. "You're welcome to stay up as long as you want, please make yourself at home." As True got to her feet, Chris also stood, and True placed her arms around Chris to give a warm hug and a chaste kiss, but froze momentarily as Chris flinched away from her touch. For a second they stood awkwardly, then Chris relaxed and accepted the bodily contact.

"Don't forget, my door is open if you want to join me." She told Chris softly, wondering just how tightly wound Chris was, and what it would take to actually do the unwinding.

True spent a little time washing and adding a little of her favourite perfume, a nice subtle scent chosen to enhance and not overwhelm, then cleaned her teeth thoroughly. She really had no idea if Chris would join her, it wasn't unusual for a client to want to sleep on their own until they got to know each other better. Sometimes the client wouldn't ever have sex with True, needing more verbal encouragement than physical. Every case was different and there was never pressure for anyone to do anything they were uncomfortable with. With her ablutions over, True dropped a light and comfortable nightshirt over her head and crawled under her covers, with a last glance at the door she had left ajar, True turned the bedroom light off.

As always, True fell in to a light sleep almost immediately, a habit she had developed over years of snatching precious minutes sleep whilst on surveillance operations. She awoke immediately the bedroom door eased open and Chris's shadowed figure cautiously slipped in to the room. There was a brief pause, where True guessed Chris was plucking up the courage to go further than just watching the recumbent form on the bed. A slight smile touched True's lips, loving how timidly Chris had approached. As encouragement, she rolled back the covers and held up an inviting arm, guiding Chris in next to her.

True snuggled in to Chris's embrace breathing in the natural scent of the warm body next to her. She felt her body tremble slightly as her need to be touched reacted to the closeness on another person. Mentally she pushed her wants to the back of her mind, letting Chris decide what would happen.

"Can you show me how to please you?" Chris asked quietly.

The soft voice played a gentle melody on True's heart and carefully True placed a soft kiss on Chris's lips. "Of course I will Chris. Anything you want."

Their lips met once more, the kiss lingering a little longer this time. True let her hand brush against the back of Chris's thigh and felt the limb jump slightly under her touch, then relax a little to allow True to continue the caress.

"Start slowly." True instructed. "Just touch for now."
