 My first submission, dedicated to silkstockinglover. Her postings on other sites led me to Literotica. Long wind-up, hope you enjoy!

*

Rebecca was exhausted. She had just finished her final high school gymnastic competition, and probably her last ever. At eighteen, she was about to graduate from high school, and had no hopes for an athletic scholarship in her chosen sport. She had the strength and skills developed by a lifetime of practice and competition, but she had also developed in other ways. She had matured into a ravishing beauty, with curly red hair the color of copper wire, green eyes, and alabaster skin, who was now too tall, and too curvaceous, with large breasts that would prevent her from being competitive at the college level.

Her coach and favorite teacher, Ms. Knott, appeared in the locker room and embraced her favorite pupil. "Becca, I am going to miss you so much when you go away to college." Becca replied, "I am going to miss you too, Ms. Knott, and I'm going to miss the competition!" Her coach said "Please, Becca, after today I will no longer be your coach or teacher. I would be pleased if you would call me Gina." Becca was elated to be treated as an adult and equal by her mentor.

Gina Knott was 29, and the model of success and sophistication to the younger girl. She was also taller and bustier than the average gymnast, still in superb condition. She had brown hair with tawny highlights down to her mid back, blue eyes, and a nice tan. She always dressed in simple but stylish clothes, and wore her hair in a ponytail in the gym. She had had a successful amateur career as a gymnast, and upon graduation with her teaching credential and a major in history, teaching and coaching had seemed like a natural progression. She had also been very wild in college, and had earned the nickname "Naughty" among her teammates. She had been very discreet since becoming a teacher, but the sight of Becca always turned her on.

Gina tried to ignore the wetness in her pussy, as she and Becca talked about the upcoming graduation and future plans As they talked, the last of the team had showered and departed, leaving them alone in the locker room. Becca worked up her nerve, and said "May I ask you a personal question, Gina?" Gina wondered for a moment how personal the question might be, but noticing Becca's blush, answered "Haven't I always given you straight answers, and good advice, Becca? Ask away."

Becca blushed even brighter. She had had sexual fantasies centering on Ms. Knott for the past two years. Although sexually inexperienced, she was no more naïve than any 18 year old in the internet age. She had secretly enjoyed the bawdy talk and gossip of her teammates, without actually participating. She had found erotic lesbian stories on Literotica, and found pornographic videos portraying an infinite variety of sex acts on the interweb. This only increased her confusion, as she was also excited by heterosexual sex videos, group sex videos, and bondage. She thought she might be submissive, but had no frame of reference other than the pornography, which she knew was far from reality. Still, the actors seemed to really enjoy themselves...

Becca, being reassured by Gina's response, asked "Are you a lesbian? All the girls seem to think so, but I know you have a boyfriend, so I thought it was just locker room gossip."

Gina's mind raced, even as her pussy gushed. She wanted very badly to seduce this hot young girl, but had to be careful in how she proceeded. Every day it seemed the news was full of stories of teachers being arrested and convicted of sexual abuse of students. The fact that Becca was 18, and about to graduate swayed her decision toward seduction, but she decided to proceed slowly. She looked to see if there was anyone remaining in the locker room, and leaned conspiratorially toward Becca. "Why do you want to know, Becca?"

Becca blushed again, but could not let the opportunity pass. Her fantasies concerning Ms. Knott fired her courage, even as she felt herself getting hotter and wetter. "I have had fantasies about you, about making love to you, for years. I think I may be a lesbian, and I hoped you could teach me."

Gina relaxed, knowing that she would take advantage of the invitation that Becca had offered. She replied "I think I understand your confusion, Becca. The truth is, I have always been attracted to women and men. I am bi-sexual. Do you understand what that is?"

The young girl replied, "Oh, yes. I have learned a lot on-line, but I have never had sex with anyone. Can you teach me?"

Gina moved closer to Becca on the locker room bench, and stroked her hair and neck as Becca described her on-line research. Gina grew hotter as she pictured Becca fingering her pussy and furiously rubbing her clit as she conducted her "research."

"Well, Becca, it seems to me that based on your interests that you may be bi-sexual as well. Tell me, do you shave your hot little cunt?"

Becca was further aroused by the question, and the lewd word that she had only heard before in porn. "No, I trim it, but I have never shaved."

Gina pulled the girl to her feet, and pressed close to her, their breasts mashed together, as she began to stroke her ass. "I'm sure you understand that I must be discreet. As much as I would like to ravish you here on the spot, I have a better idea. Are you willing to obey me?"

"Oh, yes, Ms. Knott!"

"Becca, from now on, when we are alone, you will address me as Mistress Gina."

Becca was completely on fire. Gina's hand moved to her mons, and Becca instantly spread her legs. As Gina rubbed Becca's pussy through her leotard, she said "Yes, Mistress Gina."

Gina asked, "Can you get away for the weekend?"

"Yes, Mistress Gina. My parents left for vacation right after the competition."

"Wonderful. Now sit on the bench, my pet, and pull your leotard aside so I can inspect your trimming."

Becca obeyed immediately, lying fully back on the bench as she tugged the crotch of her leotard out of the way. Exposing herself like this to her new mistress had her even wetter. Gina saw that the fiery pubic hair had been trimmed short, and that Becca's cunt was open and dripping with desire. She stroked her fingers along the girl's labia, and rubbed her clit with her thumb. Becca jerked as if electrified, and immediately began to hump at her teacher's hand. Gina withdrew her fingers, and tasted Becca for the first time. Her juices were heavenly.

As she began again to finger Becca's pussy, Gina asked "Do you like that, little pet?"

Oh yes, Gina! It feels so good!"

Gina slapped the inside of her thigh, and removed her hand. "That is Mistress Gina, little slave."

Oh, yes Mistress Gina! Please don't stop!"

"Listen to my instructions, Becca", Gina said as she resumed her exploration of Becca's flower, still without penetration. "Tomorrow is Saturday. You will present yourself at my house at 1: 00 PM sharp. You will have this nasty little pussy shaved clean, and wear a dress with nothing on underneath. You may bring clothes to wear home after our weekend is done. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Gina."

"And, you are not to touch yourself until then. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress Gina."

If you obey me perfectly, I will make all your fantasies come true. If you disobey, I will punish you. Do you still want me to teach you?"

"Oh, yes Mistress Gina."

Gina pulled Becca to her feet, grabbed her ass in both hands, and kissed her long and hard, until the girl began to sway on weak knees.

"If you are serious about this, I will see you at 1:00 PM tomorrow."