 After almost four years of my blood, my sweat and many of my tears, I finally had the desired results I wanted.  I've been heading up a project at the university I teach at, and since my grant on this project is rather small, most of my assistants are students from my classes.

I had called in the Dean of the Science department, the Dean of the University, and the board of the company that has been funding my project.  The demonstration had gone as well as could have been expected for not working at all.  I couldn't understand what went wrong, but at least the Dean's and board members were understanding of what is being tried.

"I don't understand what went wrong."  I told him, totally frustrated.

"Dr. Wine."  The CEO of the board called me.  "We know that you are on the verge of a break through, and you have our assurance that your funding will continue."

The Dean of the Science department, Dr. Jennor spoke up.  "Dr. Wine.  I already explained to Mr. Mitchell, that I have watched your project grow, and have seen earlier test that were successful."

"That's right doctor."  Mr. Mitchell gave me a fatherly pat on the side of the arm.  "We have every confidence that our money is well spent, and success is right around the corner."

Shortly afterwards everyone left except my three assistants and myself.  I looked at my watch, it was almost four-thirty.  "Go home everyone.  No more work today."

"I'll stay and help clean up."  Cindy said as she started putting things up.  

Cindy has been on my team for the past three plus years.  I noticed her on the first day of my class her freshman year.  At first I thought she might be in the wrong place because Cindy does not look like your typical science wiz.  On a scale of one to ten, five being the average woman, I would have figured her for a twelve.  She's got a Barbi doll look, but an Einstein brain.  Actually, she looks like she would be more at home doing cheers then in a lab coat working on a major project.  She's five foot nine, same height as me, strawberry blond hair and a figure that makes guys drool.

When she first applied for my project team I figured it was just for the money they get paid.  I gave her a shot because I know how it can be, being a good-looking woman (I'd give myself a seven point five on the ten-point scale) in a field like this.  It's hard to be taken serious.  But after a very short time, I found her to be as brilliant and hard working as she was beautiful.  

I've had more that a few nighttime fantasies of my female students and almost all of them involved Cindy.  I just could never bring myself to try anything.  I was too afraid of being labeled a losbo, or a dyke, or any of those other terrible names people would call me.  I guess I could never find anyone to discover that side of I could really trust.  At least not until I met Cindy.  I'm not sure she would be interested and if I thought she was, I'm not sure how to approach her.

This isn't a new thing for me either.  I've been attracted to females since I hit puberty, but never try anything.  Not even in college when I was propositioned by two of the girls in our house.

Anyway, as much as I would have liked her to stay I told her.  "You're here late with me most nights.  You go on.  I'll clean up."  She tried to protest, but I cut her off.  "I also just want to be alone for a bit."

"Okay."  She took my hands in hers and winked at me saying.  "You know how to get in touch with me if you need someone."  Then she turned and left, looking back just before walking out.

"WOW!"  I said after the door closed and I was alone.  "Was that what I think it was?"  I asked myself.  "No."  I answered.  "Just wishful thinking on my part."  I cleared my head and went to work.

After cleaning up a bit, I went over the demo stat's to see if I could figure out what had gone wrong.

After an hour and a half of mind-bending work I found it.  "That's it!"  I yelled to no one, because there was no one else there.  I made the modifications and reran the demo.  It worked perfectly.  I ran the demo four other times, the last two using lab animals.  All worked perfectly.

I knew it wasn't the time to go further, but I just couldn't stop.   Like any 'mad scientist' I had to be the first to try it myself.  I set the system to send my one-hour into future and return me back to this same time after one hour.  I set the remote for thirty seconds, and then got into the chamber.

I saw a flask of light and felt a slight tingly feeling.  But other that that, nothing felt different.  I climbed out of the chamber and looked at my watch.  Seven-Twenty, it said.  But, the clock on the wall said eight-twenty.  I couldn't believe it.  It worked.  I walked over to the table and took some readings of myself to make sure there was no immediate effects from the trip.  After five minutes, and six tests, everything seemed normal.

That was when I heard a noise coming from my office in the back of the lab.  As I entered my office I saw her lying on the couch.  "Brandi"  (Yes, my name is Brandi Wine.  And yes I took a lot grief over it growing up.)  "I've been waiting for you."  She told me.

"You have?"  I asked.

"Yes, I have."  She spun her bare legs off of the couch, and stood.  She was wearing a lab coat that had "Cindy" above the pocket.  As she walked to stand before me, I could tell she didn't have a bra on under her coat, because I don't stick out in the lab coat like that when I wear a bra.

"Why?"  I asked; knowing the answer before she even spoke.

"Because you want something."  She told me.

"I do."  More of a statement than a question.  "And what do I want?"  This time a question.

She backed up three steps and unbuttoned her lab coat.  As she pulled it apart, I could see that she was naked beneath.  She dropped the lab coat on the floor and said.  "You want this."  My eyes were glued to her beautiful body.  I always thought my body was fairly nice, but WOW!  I could hardly catch my breath as I stared at her, my eyes roving up and down her nakedness.

After a few seconds of just staring at her, I knew this was a no turning back point in my life.  I stepped forward and took her into my arms and kissed her.  Not a quick kiss, but a long, stick your tongue down her throat, pass out from lack of oxygen type of kiss.  We finally broke our kiss, and just stood there holding each other and looking into each other's blue eyes.  Finally she spoke.  "I'm here for anything you want.  Absolutely anything."  I had a hard time swallowing, but did manage to nod my head.

I reached out and took her in my arms again and we kiss, as she started unbuttoning my lab coat, then started on my blouse.  I pulled back and just grabbed the blouse and pulled sending buttons everywhere, but I didn't care.  All I knew was I needed this woman, and I needed her now.

As I struggled with my bra, mostly because I was so hot I couldn't get my fingers to work properly.  She grabbed my skirt and just pulled it down off of my hips.  As my skirt lay on the floor she knelt before me and removed my shoes and nylon socks.

Without warning she ran her tongue over my panties, from the bottom up to the top of my womanhood.  I almost passed out from the sensation.

She reached her fingers into the crotch of my panties and with her fingernails, dug them in to the material and ripped them to shreds, finally pulling the remaining tattered remnants down to the floor where I stepped out of them.  I begged to her.  "Please, more."

"Not yet, but soon.  Very soon."  She told me as she stood back up and grabbed my breasts in her hands.  I followed her actions and while we played with each other's peaks, we kissed, out tongues sword fighting in our mouths.  I couldn't believe how wonderful my breast felt to me.

She moved her left hand down my tummy looking for my treasure.  Once there, she crammed two fingers into me, and not gently I might add, almost lifting me right off of the floor.  I couldn't believe the sensations that were flowing through my body.  "I know how much you love to finger yourself.  And how you do it thinking about the girls in your classes."  I don't know why I was surprised that she knew everything.

As she continued to pleasure me with her fingers, she grabbed my right arm and led me to the couch.  She pulled her fingers from me told me to lie on the couch.  "No!  Please!"  I cried.  "Don't stop!  I need it really bad!"

"I know."  She told me as she stuck her fingers in her mouth and sucked my juices off of them.  "Believe me, I know just how much you need it.  And I'm going to give it to you.  But we don't have much time."  Then she dove her face into my honey pot.  Suddenly I felt a sensation at my rear entrance.  She was sliding a finger into me.  No ceremony, no time to think, she just went right after me with one and only one intention.  To sent me over the edge as hard, and as fast as possible.  

Let me tell you, she succeeded in prime fashion.  I lit off like a forth of July firecracker.  BOMB!  I grabbed a handful of her hair and forced her face harder into me.  She didn't seem to mind a bit as I could feel her finger sliding up and into my wetness, as she slid her mouth to my sensitive button.  

BOMB!  BOMB!  BOMB!  I exploded like I had never done before.  All time ceased to function in my head.

I regained congessness a few minutes later and found I was lying down on the couch with her arms wrapper around me.  She was slowly rubbing my unhooded nub and nibbling my breast.  One then the other.  She pulled her head away and looked at me.  "Welcome back."

"Hi."  I said still a little groggy.

"You okay?"  She asked and I nodded my head. "Good.  My turn!"  Once again knowing that time was running, she started climbing up my body.  As soon as I knew where she was headed, I started sliding down to meet her.

As soon as she was directly above my head, she started to squat down toward my face and I sent my tongue up to meet her loveliness.  This was such a different view from here, I thought to myself.

I licked her silky wetness for all I was worth.  Taking one finger I slipped it into her to get it wet, pulled it out and slid it into her backside entrance.  "OH BABY!"  She cried out.  "You know how much I love fingering my ass."  She panted a few times than said.  "Another finger!  Please Baby, another finger!"

I slid another finger into her tunnel and them slid it in her butt with the first one.  All the while licking her like I was in a pie eating contest, and in a way I was.  I was on a timer to get her all of the fruits of her pie.

It didn't take long for her to release.  I felt her body start to shake above me and then suddenly I felt the rush of fluids on my chin.  I left her nub and planted my mouth over her fountain and dug into her with my tongue, as I wanted every drop of her precious juices.  As she came, I continued sliding and rotating my two fingers in and out of her sweet butt.

I was just getting ready to stop when I felt another gush of her juices flood in to my mouth.  She finally cried out for me to stop as she climbed off of my mouth.  I tried to grab her and pull her back, but she had position on me.  She laid back down on the couch next to me.

When she finally calmed down some, and we were lying face to face, I asked her.  "I hope we can do this again."

"Oh, I'm sure we will."  She told me, and then she smiled and in a sexy voice said.  "Goodbye."

"What do you mean goodbye?"  I asked her.

"It's almost nine-twenty."  She said.  "Goodbye Cinderella.  I loved loving you."

I started to yell as I tried to roll off the couch to get back to the chamber.  "Oh sh. . ."

There was a bright flash, I felt all tingly again, and suddenly I dropped onto the floor next to the couch.  ". . .it!"  I sat up on the floor and just sat there for a minute so my mind could clear.  

I looked around the office, finally seeing the clock.  Seven-twenty two.  I was back in my own time.  I got up and walked out to the lab and stood for a few seconds before I noticed that I was completely naked.  I ran back into my office, but my clothes were no where to be found.  Apparently they had stayed in the future.  "Damn!"  I yelled out.  I leaned out to make sure no one was there, which was really silly.  In my time I was only gone for a seconds.  I ran over and grabbed another lab coat off of the coat rack, put it on and buttoned it up.  

I just stood there for a few seconds before I realized what I had to do.  I went to my desk and started writing down what had happened.  Everything down to the smallest detail.

When I finished, I looked up at the clock.  It was eight-eighteen.  I got up, walked over and laid down on the couch, and waited for my date.

Or should I say, waited for me.

The End.