 Maeve wandered aimlessly up Grafton Street. She was in a bit of a fog as her girlfriend of two years had left this morning after telling her that their romance was over. Therefore, she was not paying attention when she walked into a small upscale clothing boutique. Maeve walked up and down the displays of lingerie, dresses and stylish little hats. Without thinking she popped one of the hats on her head and continued to roam about the shop.

Maeve was twenty with red hair and brown eyes. She stood five feet two inches tall and weighed about one hundred and ten pounds. As she walked through the store she was unaware that she was being observed by Caitlin the assistant manager of the shop. Caitlin was interested for a number of reasons. One, she wondered if the young woman was going to leave the shop without paying for the hat. Secondly, it was almost closing time on Friday and Caitlin wanted to get away so that she could enjoy one of her infrequent weekends off and finally, being gay, she found herself drawn to the sexy redhead.

At thirty three Caitlin was proud of her body. She had that black Irish hair which she wore short and had a tall, athletic figure. As she watched Maeve she slowly moved toward the door. Maeve continued to browse through the store, but not finding anything of interest headed for the exit.

"Not so fast young lady!" hissed Caitlin.

"What" exclaimed Maeve.

"Did you intend on paying for the hat?".

"Oh my God, I competely forgot".

Caitlin took Maeve by the elbow and said "This is not a charitable thrift shop, come with me"

Caitlin reached behind her and locked the front door of the shop. Maeve continued to protest that it was an innocent mistake on her part and asked if she could pay for the hat. 

"I'm a medical student and any scandal will ruin my career" Maeve exclaimed.

"You should have thought of that before attempting to leave the store" said Caitlin.

"Please!" cried Maeve.

Caitlin found herself beginning to enjoy the discomfort of the young woman before her and thought that perhaps she might be able to begin the weekend with a bang. Maeve looked up at her with a pleading look on her face. Caitlin smiled to herself and suggested that perhaps the hat could be modelled.

Maeve, looking puzzled, sighed with relief and quickly began walking up and down before Caitlin. She held her head high and swivelled it slowly back and forth. 

"No dear, when I suggested modelling the hat I meant the hat only"

"You mean without any other clothes?"

"Yes dear" smiled Caitlin.

"Oh no, I couldn't do that" sobbed Maeve.

"Think of your careeer"

Maeve slowly nodded her head.

"Take off that blouse" 

Maeve timidly unbuttoned her shirt and after shrugging it from her shoulders let it fall to the floor. Her breasts were straining against her slightly too small bra.

"Now the bra"

As tears rolled down her cheeks Maeve reached back, unclasped the bra and held it in front of her.

"Drop it"

Caitlin's heart skipped a beat. The girl was beautiful. As she watched the girl's nipples she felt her own breasts harden.

"Now take off the jeans"

With her hands shaking nervously Maeve undid her Lees and peeled them down over her hips. She dropped them to the floor and shyly stepped out of them. Maeve stood before Caitlin in her panties with her arms by her side. She sobbed softly to herself.

Meanwhile, Caitlin could barely contain herself. She forgot about humiliating the girl and found herself being consumed with lust. Her crotch was beginning to dampen and her palms to moisten. Instead of commanding she softly asked Maeve to take off her panties. Maeve sensed the subtle change in Cailin's demeanor but decided to divest herself of her lacy underwear anyway.

Caitlin moved towards Maeve and tentatively reached for her shoulders. She drew her to her and breathed in the fresh scent of the young medical student. Maeve, for her part, looked up into the eyes of the shop assistant. Although she had no lesbian experience she found herself being drawn to the woman. As she tilted back her head the hat fell to the floor.

Caitlin kissed Maeve softly on the lips. Then as their lips parted she slowly inserted her tongue. Maeve gave a little shiver and began to respond to the erotic kisses. She felt Caitlin's hand move to her breasts and begin to gently massage her nipples. She then felt her vagina begin to moisten and her hips to twitch. Maeve could contain herself no longer and pressed her hips urgently into Caitlin's.

"Wait, please" whispered Caitlin and began to disrobe. As she pulled her top over her head Maeve stared at the large firm breasts which were revealed to her. She had never seen anything this beautiful before. Caitlin undid her skirt, let it fall and as she wore no underwear stood nude before Maeve.

The two women looked at each other's nakedness, then embraced and began to kiss frantically. Caitlin forgot about humiliating Maeve and Maeve for her part forgot about her own embarrassment.

As she kneaded Maeve's breasts Caitlin dropped to her knees and began to trail her tongue down her silken body. She twirled it into Maeve's navel and slowly sank towards the pot of nectar. Her tongue began to lave the trim red-downed lips of Maeve's now throbbing cunt. Maeve grabbed the back of Caitlin's head and pressed her soaked pussy onto Caitlin's face. 

Caitlin stood, picked Maeve up and carried her to the chaise in the staff area of the shop. She laid her down and pulled Maeve's legs around her neck. With Caitlin's head in her grasp Maeve began to grind. As Caitlin's tongue worked it's magic Maeve began to feel the beginnings of an orgasm. Sensing Maeve's urgency Caitlin began to probe faster with her tongue. She lapped at the now soaked pussy and slurped at the sweet juices now flowing freely from the swollen lips.

"Oh my God! Fuck me!" sobbed the sweat soaked med student. Caitlin licked and slurped with abandon and felt her efforts being rewarded with Maeve's screams of ecstasy.

Caitlin moved up and began to cuddle with Maeve and stroke her hair. Maeve smiled and then slowly moved down into a sixty-nine position and began to reward Caitlin.

As both women tongue fucked each other they also came to the realisation that the hat and all it implied had long been forgotten.

Exhausted, Caitlin and Maeve dressed and left the shop. This was the beginning of that weekend Caitlin had been looking forward to and which would change Maeve's life forever.