 The Hat II - Caitlin & Maeve

Caitlin smiled at Maeve and suggested that they go for a drink. Maeve agreed and after closing the shop Caitlin took her new friend's hand and led her to her favourite pub. They entered the bar and after her eyes adjusted to the dark Maeve noticed that the clientelle were all women. She was not surprised but felt a pang of nervousness in her stomach.

Caitlin guided them to a booth near the back and sat across the table from Maeve. After their server took the orders, white wine for Maeve and a bottle of Harp for Caitlin, Maeve was surprised when Caitlin took a scrunched up hat from her handbag and dropped it on the table. It was the hat Maeve had put on her head in the store. She broke into a broad smile and popped the hat onto her head. "Thank you so much and again I am sorry for giving you the impression that I was going to steal it." "Dear, I know. This is my forgiveness gift". Their server brought their drinks and smiled at Caitlin in thanks for her generous gratuity.

They tipped drinks together in a salute and Maeve asked if this was a frequent hangout of Caitlin's.

"This is one of the few places in Dublin where I can feel totally relaxed and comfortable". 

"Bridget, my ex, and I never went out much so I don't know the lesbian bar or club scene" answered Maeve.

They carried on with chitchat for the next hour or so when "A Whiter Shade of Pale" came over the pub speakers.

"Oh my God, this is my favourite oldie ever" exclaimed Maeve.

"Well, let's dance" said Caitlin and took her by the hand and brought her over to the postage - stamp sized dance floor in the corner of the pub. The two women fit together quite well and Maeve began to feel the excitement increase in her loins. Caitlin put her hand behind Maeve's neck and began to gently caress it. This prompted Maeve to grind her hips against Caitlin who reciprocated in kind. As the song came to it's close the growing heat between the two women became obvious to all on the premises. The end of the song left them clinging together in wanton lust. "Let's go to my place" breathed Caitlin huskilly and without waiting for a response hustled Maeve out of the pub.

Fifteen minutes later Caitlin was admitting Maeve into her trendy flat. Without a word she led Maeve into her bedroom and began to undress her. Maeve stood quietly and felt her pussy grow damper by the second. Caitlin then stripped off her own clothes and laid Maeve down on her bed. She kissed her gently on the lips, then on the eyelids, cheeks and earlobes. Another kiss on the lips was followed by her tongue probing Maeve's mouth while her left hand caressed the engorged nipple of her right breast. Maeve moaned softly and kissed Caitlin urgently in return.

Caitlin moved her head down and kissed her neck. She trailed her lips over Maeve's throat and worked her way to the firm and inviting tits. As she bathed Maeve's nipples alternately she worked her hand over the hump of Maeve's tummy. She felt Maeve move slightly and raise her hips in anticipation. Caitlin's tongue trailed down over the dainty bellybutton as her hand moved to the now sopping fanny. Maeve parted her thighs to allow easier access to the awaiting honeypot. As she felt Caitlin's head move down her sexually charged body Maeve opened her legs as wide as possible. Not needing further invitation Caitlin moved between them and took in the awesome sight before her. A trimly cut tuft of downy red hair covered the artistically proportionate vagina.

Caitlin tentatively parted the outer lips and revealed the rosy pink inner labia. She leaned in and began to lick from the bottom of the slit up to the awaiting bud of Maeve's clit. This prompted Maeve to grasp Caitlin by the head and force it tightly against her jerking hips. Caitlin nipped the growing nub gently with her teeth and them slipped her tongue into the well lubricated pussy. Maeve felt a powerful orgasm begin to build as Caitlin continued to work magic with her tongue. As she lapped at the now engorged clit Caitlin slipped her index finger into well the lubricated love canal. Maeve slammed her hips convulsively against Caitlin's head as she felt the finger and tongue do their work and just as she was about to erupt she felt the finger move from her cunt to her anus. Caitlin stabbed her soaked finger into the puckering asshole just at the moment Maeve's love juices began to flood from her spasming twat. As Maeve screamed in ecstasy Caitlin continued with her tongue and finger barrage.

With a gasp Maeve relaxed her sweat soaked body and lay still on the bed. Caitlin moved up and gently wrapped her arms around her limp partner. As she kissed her on the forehead and brought a blanket up around them both she smiled to herself in anticipation of the erotic weekend to come.