 On Sunday morning shortly after dawn, Gina woke when Rebecca spread her legs to get better access to her bare pussy. Her student spread Gina's labia wide, and dove straight in, addicted now to the taste of pussy, and wanting to impress her mentor with what she had learned the previous day. Gina stroked her fingers through Becca's curly red hair, as the teen used her fingers, lips, and tongue to excite the older woman. Gina was gratified that her protégé' was following her last instruction, and was willing to take up where they had left off when they had fallen asleep the night before. Gina's last memory was of being spooned up against Becca's magnificent ass, and her hand cradled under the teen's huge tit.

Becca continued to spread Gina's inner lips wide to expose her clit, and to lap at the juices already seeping from her cunt. "I love the taste of your pussy, Ms. Knott! I want to taste your cum again!" Becca pushed Gina's legs back and up, lifting her ass from the bed, pointing her pussy straight up, and exposing her puckered brown anus. As Becca became more excited by her own lewd behavior, she let her tongue wander down to Gina's rosebud at the bottom of each stroke of her tongue against Gina's center. When her teacher began push back seeking more contact, Becca thrust two fingers into her sopping cunt. After stroking her in a smooth deep rhythm for a few minutes while continuing to lick her clit with the tip of her tongue, Becca added a third finger, stretching Gina's vaginal opening wider, causing her to moan and pant. Locking her green eyes with her teacher's brown ones, Becca grinned and curled her fingers upward, searching for Gina's 'G' spot. When she found it, Gina gasped "You naughty girl, I see you remembered your lessons." Becca stroked the spongy pad of flesh with her fingertips harder and faster until Gina screamed "Oh God, you're going to make me cum! I'm cumming!" Gina squirted like a fountain, soaking Becca with her fluid. Becca leaned down again, and began to softly lick at the liquid still flowing from Gina's spasming cunt, while she rubbed the cum that had sprayed over her tits into her skin.

When her breathing was under control, Gina pulled Becca up to a hot kiss, tasting herself on the girl's lips. "What a wonderful wake up, my dear! I see you are ready to continue your lessons."

"Oh, yes, Ms. Knott. 

"Then let us have a shower, and get some food. We must keep up our strength."

They shared the shower, with much kissing, stroking, and laughing. Gina wanted to keep her student on the edge of arousal, and made sure to thoroughly clean Becca's hot cleft from front to back, and of course Becca reciprocated. After toweling each other dry, Becca put her hair up again, this time in pigtail braids. With her cute freckled face, she looked just like the logo for a fast food chain. They again went to the kitchen naked, and Gina quickly prepared a breakfast of toasted bagels, fruit, and yoghurt.

Gina had never had a female lover this much younger than herself, and could not remember one so enthusiastic. Even in college, when she earned the name of Gina Naughty, her playmates had been generally her own age, and at the same level of exploring their sexuality. Her male lovers had generally been older and more experienced. She was looking forward to the progressive lessons she had in mind for her hot student, and resumed her instruction as they ate.

Rebecca, what time will your parents be home?"

"Not until this evening, Ms. Knott."

The fact that the teen kept referring to her as she always had at school was an indication of her submissive nature. Gina said "You have been a quick study, as always, Becca, but as I said last night, please don't limit yourself by viewing yourself as only a lesbian. You are just beginning your sexual life. As you know from your eclectic taste in porn, there is much more to explore. Tell me, why do you think you are submissive?"

"The stories that get me the hottest are when young women are dominated by strong willed women. I most like those when older women teach younger women, as you have done with me. One of my favorite fantasies was to have you force me to lick your pussy under the desk in your office."

"What other fantasies make you wet, Becca?"

"Almost every video I have ever watched became a fantasy. I want to do it all. I want to suck and fuck a man's cock. I want to have a lesbian orgy. I want to have a threesome with you and a man. I want to be used by two or three men. I want to be tied up, and forced to cum."

Do you remember what I said about 'the bedroom door' Becca? Even if you know you are submissive, there are both male and female doms out there who will abuse you and take advantage of you, if you allow them to, or worse. Your submission will always be more meaningful if it is given freely, and the power exchange is willing, even if it is rough or forceful. Do you understand what a 'scene' is, or what a safe word is?"

"I think so. Ms. Knott. It is a signal to stop. I don't know what a scene is, though."

"Exactly, and you have to trust your partner enough to know that they will respect that, even as they push your limits. It is actually the sub who should have control. What would you like to use as your safe word? It should be something that can't be confused in the excitement of the moment. 'No' or 'stop' only mean faster or harder of you are truly testing your limits.

Drawing on her experience, Rebecca asked "How about 'Fault'? That is what I'm used to hearing when I try to go too far or too fast."

"That will work for now, but it could be confused with 'fuck' in an environment with background noise. There is also the matter of hard limits. A 'hard limit' is something that you will not consider, and has to be negotiated in advance. I feel safe to say that you are interested in anal play?"

"Yes. Ms. Knott, I am already liking that. I am not interested in pissing or shit. Or being hurt."

"Yet you liked when I spanked your ass hard last night, didn't you?" You liked the sting of it?"

"Oh, yes, Ms. Knott! I liked the sting! I felt that I was being used like a nasty lesbian slut, and it made me hotter. Having you talk nasty to me made me hotter. It is making me hot now, just thinking about it."

"I enjoy bondage, and dominance and submission, but I am neither a sadist nor a masochist. I have no desire to hurt you, or to be hurt myself. Pain is a sensation that can enhance sex, but should not result in injury. I do not often use gags, except to enhance the experience, and do not engage in 'breathe play'. Do you know what that is, Becca"

"No, Ms. Knott. I've never heard of that."

"Some people use choking or controlled asphyxiation to enhance orgasm. Some also do it when masturbating, it is then called auto-erotic asphyxiation. It is surely the cause of most sex-related deaths. I feel it is very dangerous."

"When I am fucking with you, Ms. Knott, I can barely catch my breath as it is."

Gina stepped behind Rebecca's chair, and reached around her arms to fondle her big tits with both hands. She had Rebecca's arms trapped as she began to rub her nipples roughly between her thumbs and forefingers. She leaned down and kissed Becca's neck under her ear. Rebecca slumped down in the chair, and her legs spread automatically.

"So, Rebecca, we have just finished the negotiation for our first scene. Are you ready to be my sex slave?" Gina continued to maul the teen's large pale globes while restraining her arms, breathing her questions into her ear. "Are you ready to be my three hole fuck toy?" Becca moaned her excitement at the nasty questions, and her pink nipples stood proudly erect from the rough handling they were receiving. "Are you ready to obey me, little slut?"

"Yes, Mistress Gina! I will obey you. Please use me as your fuck toy!"

Gina reached down, and roughly grabbed the teen's shaved pussy. "That is the correct answer, and the correct form of address. We are now 'behind the bedroom door'. Am I your Mistress, you nasty little slut?"

"Yes, Mistress Gina!"

"Is this MY nasty little cunt?"

"Yes Mistress Gina! This is your cunt, your tits, your mouth, and your ass, to do with as you will."

Gina was amazed at how truly submissive her favorite student was, even though she was sure on Friday night in the locker room at school. "Crawl down the hall to my bedroom, little pet. Then you will kneel beside the bed, with your hands behind your back, and your lovely tits pushed out. Gina admired the roll of Becca's ass, and the pendulous sway of her large mammaries as she crawled, sure that the girl was exaggerating the motion for her enjoyment.

When Becca had assumed the commanded pose, Gina opened the lids to her toy boxes. She could sense Becca trying to see what would come out of them. While Gina had many toys, she did not have elaborate bondage gear. Some handcuffs, a few lengths of soft synthetic rope, and some velcro wrist and ankle cuffs to go with the restraint straps hidden under her mattress. 

Gina took the cuffs, and stood before Rebecca with her legs spread. "Lift your hands over your head, slut, and lick this pussy." Becca complied immediately, again transported by the taste of her mistress' juices. Gina grasped her students head by her red pigtails and fucked herself against Becca's tongue before applying the cuffs. As Gina applied the cuffs to first one wrist, and then the other, Becca became more excited, and moaned into the pussy she was servicing. Gina lifted the teen to her feet, and kissed her hard, tasting her own secretions on the girl's lips. She pushed Becca onto the bed, and lifted her left leg straight up in the air to apply the cuff to her ankle. She held tightly to the cuff as she stroked down Becca's firm leg with her right hand, to the crease between her thigh and torso. Becca squirmed, trying to bring her wet pussy in contact with her mistress' hand. Gina the repeated the process, cuffing her right ankle, and stroking her leg downward without making direct contact with her sex. This time her hand continued into the crease in Becca's ass, spreading her cheeks, and causing the girl's wet, pink pussy to open invitingly. "It is time to start training your hot little ass. Roll over, and get on your knees, my pet." Gina reached into her toy box, and retrieved a bottle of silicon lube, and a small butt plug. It was silver and had a pink jewel affixed to the outer end. Becca, always feeling lewd when her ass was up in the air, looked over her shoulder at her mistress, and wiggled her ass invitingly. Gina began squeezing and kneading Becca's large ass with both hands, opening the girl's ass and pussy to view. Using the lube sparingly, she began to rub around the puckered pink ring. Gina continued to tease Becca's ass, until the teen began to push back, seeking to be filled. With another small application of the lube, Gina inserted her forefinger into Becca's ass hole. "Does that hurt, my pet?" 

"No, Mistress Gina, it feels good."

Gina did not spend a lot of time preparing Rebecca for the plug, because it was small. She removed her finger and applied lube to the plug, which she then used to tease Becca's anus, until again her slave began to move against the toy. She pressed it in an inch, to the point that the toy became wider than her finger, and held it there for a minute. "This is the smallest plug. I have others that will train you to take something larger. I think you will like having both your nasty holes filled." With that, Gina popped the widest part of the plug past Becca's sphincter. She accepted it so well that Gina thought she could have started with a larger size, but this was as much about training her mind as it was her body.

"Lie in the center of the bed on your back, my pet." When Becca had done so, Gina fastened the cuffs to the straps that ran under the mattress, leaving her student spread-eagle on the bed, with her legs as widely open as only a gymnast could manage. Having had her own orgasm at Rebecca's hands (and mouth) upon waking, Gina wanted to begin by forcing her slave to orgasm. She leaned forward, and used her flat tongue to paintbrush stroke the teen's open labia, first on one side, then the other, enjoying her fresh, slick taste, and making her even wetter. She then reached under the pillows for the Magic Wand, which she turned on low. Becca moaned at the sound of the vibrator, and her eyes widened as it neared her spread pussy. Gina stroked it around her puffy vulva, using the fat head of it to spread and open the hot young girl's pussy even wider. She moved it up to circle around her clit, which caused Becca's eyes to roll up in her head. Gina moved it down to her opening, and pushed it into her as if to penetrate the tight pink cavern, while licking and sucking at the large pink nipple closest to her. Rebecca moaned and thrashed, unable to escape the powerful vibrations. Gina then flicked the switch to high, and moved it up slightly until it rested just below Becca's clit. The young redhead continued to thrash to the extent that her bonds allowed, but Gina kept the wand in that spot until Becca exclaimed "Oh, fuck, I'm going to come", and her creamy white juices pulsed out of her pussy, and down to the puckered pink rosebud of her ass, which was just barely visible around the pink jewel of the butt plug. Gina leaned closer and tasted her students cum. She needed to get off now and once again went to her toy boxes. 

Gina chose a cock gag, with a two inch cock that would fit in Rebecca's mouth, and a six inch cock for her to ride. Gina released Becca's cuffs from the straps. As she strapped the harness to Rebecca's head, she continued her instruction. "I'm going to ride your face, little slut. Remember to breathe through your nose. With the gag in, you won't be able to use your safe word, so you may tap me if you need to pause." Turning to face the headboard so she wouldn't smother her slave with her ass over her nose, Gina reached down, and with her thumb and forefinger, spread her labia as she slid her wet cunt down on the dildo mounted to Rebecca's face.

Rebecca was looking directly up at her mistress' fat, tanned, swollen mound as the black dildo penetrated the pink center of her pussy. Gina began to ride her slave's face for her own pleasure, only occasionally taking it fully, so that her clit rested against Rebecca's nose as she rolled her hips. Rebecca was enjoying the sight of Gina's vaginal glair on the rubber cock, the aroma of her aroused sex, and most of all, the submissive position as she was used for her mistress' pleasure. Gina was equally enjoying her dominance of the redheaded teen, and she raised one knee to put her foot on the bed as she fully stroked the entire length of the black rubber cock in and out of her hot hole. With her hands free, Rebecca grasped and spread her mistress' ass cheeks, and pressed her finger against Gina's asshole. 

That was all it took to trigger Gina's orgasm, and she grunted deeply as she pulled herself off the dildo, and squirted her juices all over Rebecca's face.

Gina lifted herself and rolled to the side, her orgasm still resonating through her entire being. She licked and sucked her juices from the toy as she released the harness from Rebecca's head. She told the young girl "What a wonderful pet you are, Becca!" and she kissed the girl's tender lips. "We have time for one more lesson, my little slut."

Gina went to her toy boxes on wobbly knees, and selected two new items, a four foot spreader bar, and her favorite toy, an eight inch curve of stainless steel with a large knob on one end, and a smaller knob on the other. 

"Are you ready to learn how to squirt, my little pussy slave?" 

"Oh, yes, Mistress Gina. That is so hot! Please make me squirt!"

Gina once again fastened Rebecca's wrist cuffs to the straps, this time with the spreader bar between them. She lifted the teen's legs, and placed two pillows under her ass, and then attached the ankle cuffs to the spreader bar also. Rebecca was now spread wide open, with her hands and feet secured above her head, her pink gaping pussy pointed straight up, and the pink jewel of the butt plug catching the light. 

Gina began to lick Becca's pussy, once again enjoying the sweet fresh taste of her pet's juices. As she moved her tongue to the girl's clit she grasped the jeweled end of the butt plug, and began to push it in and out of her anal passage, stretching her anus with the plug on the out strokes. Gina paused for a moment to slide the big stainless steel toy into her own pussy, to warm and lubricate it. She continued to circle and flick her tongue around Becca's erect clit, while fucking her ass with the plug. When Rebecca gasped "I'm going to cum", Gina sucked her clit into her mouth, flicking it with her tongue at the same time, and when she sensed that Rebecca was about to orgasm she pulled the butt plug out past the ring of her sphincter , with a slightly audible 'pop'. She was rewarded with of flood of creamy white cum from the teen's hot pussy, which she tenderly lapped up.

Barely pausing, Gina removed the toy from her own pussy, and placed it at the convulsing opening of her slave's. She pushed the large end of the toy into her cunt, and stroked it in and out of the teen's vaginal opening, popping it in and out repeatedly. Rebecca moaned and thrashed, overcome with the sensation. Gina then pushed it fully into the teen's tight pussy until it reached the anterior surface around Becca's cervix, and the curve of it stretched the bottom of her vaginal opening. Becca cried "Fuck me, Mistress Gina, pound my cunt and make me squirt!"

Knowing that the hot teen was ready, Gina began to stroke her cunt with the hard toy, pulling the large knob against her 'G' spot, which always caused her to squirt. It had the same effect on Rebecca, who began to shake and cry out "Oh, oh, oh, Oh my God." Gina crooned "Let it go, let it happen." When Gina withdrew the toy completely on the final out stroke, Becca convulsed, and her ejaculation sprayed over Gina, and soaked the bed. Gina then began to flash her hand from side to side across Becca's clit, and Becca continued to squirt in one long continuous orgasm. When Gina ceased rubbing her hard little clit, Rebecca slumped down as if unconscious. 

Gina removed the pillows supporting Becca's ass, then released the cuffs from the restraints and the spreader bar, and cuddled next to her exhausted pet. Exhausted herself, Gina was instantly asleep.

Gina awoke to Rebecca's kisses. When she opened her eyes to look into the green eyes of her student, Becca said "Mistress Gina, I have to go, so I am home before my parents."

"We are 'out of scene' now, Rebecca. Do not forget and call me "Mistress" in public."

"Yes, Ms. Knott. Thank you for a wonderful weekend, and for making my fantasies come true. When can we play again?" the teen asked eagerly.

"Not all your fantasies, yet. We have a busy week ahead. Certainly not before next weekend. Are you OK to drive?"

"Yes, Ma'am, I'm just a little sore between my legs."

"So am I, Rebecca. You have been wonderful."

To be continued...

THE GYMNAST 4: A NEW APPARATUS