 Preamble.

Hi, and thank you for choosing my story. I hope you will enjoy it. 

If you do, please be kind enough to give a score at the end. This helps me to gauge the popularity of my work. - If I may - I usually like to suggest, one star each for: 

Composition & Use of Vocabulary, Readability, Plot, Drama or Humour,  and of course Sexual Content (because -- isn't that why we are all here?), but please feel free to use your own criteria if you prefer.

******************

Tags:18 Year Old, Lesbian Group, Lesbian Interracial, Lesbian Non Consent.

******************

Words: 11,720

******************

This story follows an 18 year old student who joins the Girls' Gymnastics Team, and unwittingly steps into a den of lust. To complement this story, it may help to also read the first part of my 'Brief History', as an optional preamble (at only 1620 words, it really doesn't take long).

CAUTION  

This story includes a lengthy scenario of Non-Consensual lesbian sex. Please skip this title if you feel you may be offended by it.

At this stage I haven't planned a Part 2, but if you want more, I'm sure you'll let me know. 

******************

Title: The Gymnastics Team: Part 01 - Initiation

For a few weeks after first arriving over here from Ireland, I spent my days helping my mam to sort out the house and get things straight. Sure I missed my home town of K******* but it was good that I'd finished school so that was a bonus, and moving to England was to be a fresh new start for me. Before long though, I felt I should be getting back to studying. My dream was to be a writer, so I signed up for an English Language course at the local University. 

I was just a few months over 17 when I first started, and I quickly became something of a novelty, what with my heavy Irish accent, and being so small and all, but because I was so shy that soon wore off and I really only made a very few close friends in the first year. 

The following year wasn't much better either, so I decided that, as I had always been quite good at sporty things I'd like to have a go something physical to try to make some new friends. Ever since arriving I had wanted to do something athletic and the Gym instructor, Miss Stacy, who I met at mid-morning break occasionally, had been encouraging me. She said she thought I should be agile enough to make a good gymnast. "Why not come over and see me in the Sports Hall one lunchtime," she had suggested, "and we can have a look at you." 

I told my mam that I thought I'd like to sign up for some gym practice and I hoped I could join the Girls' Gymnastics Team. At first she seemed to like the idea, but when I told her it would mean going back to the Uni Sports Hall quite late on two evenings a week, suddenly it was a problem. It wasn't that she didn't want me to take the extra classes, it was the fact that there was no-one to pick me up and she didn't want me walking home alone late at night 'in such a rough area' after school; ironic when you think of what happened to me on this particular day. 

I complained that I was 18 now and could do what I wanted, but she still wasn't happy. "Not under my roof," she argued. "You're such a slight thing, Mary," she explained, more sympathetically, "and there are so many 'funny' people around." She said the word 'funny' in such a way that it was obvious that 'funny' wasn't what she meant at all. 

Finally she relented though, saying she would be happy for me to join, as long as there were some older girls to bring me home afterwards. Well I found some older girls didn't I -- but they had other things on their minds that didn't include getting me home safely at all. 

I decided I'd like to practice to join the trampoline team, so one day I went over to the Sports Hall at the start of lunch break to ask Miss Stacy if I could try out. The Sports Hall for some weird reason was on the far side of the playing field. At the time I didn't really know why but I was told the whole site used to be an army camp so maybe it was something to do with that. Anyway, when I got there, there was no-one around and I was just about to leave when I heard some girls' voices approaching. I stopped in my tracks in the middle of the gym hall as they trooped in. I know now that they must have seen me come over to the hall, and they had followed me in there. There were five of them. Two looked English, two quite muscular African looking girls and one tall, slender oriental. 

They stopped just inside the doorway and the taller of the African girls said in a soft, lascivious voice "Hello sweetie. What's your name?" 

"I'm Mary," I told her, worried that I might be in some sort of trouble. How little did I know? 

"Ooohh... Irish. How... exotic," she cooed, with a broad smile. "And pigtails," she added. She turned and mouthed something to the others but I couldn't see. 

"Mary what?" she asked, smiling around at her friends. 

"Mary R****," I replied nervously. 

"Well Mary R****, what are you doing in here? Don't you know that the Sports Hall is out of bounds at lunchtime?" 

"Oh. No... Sorry, I didn't know that. Thank you. I'll come back later." I tried to move between them to leave, but two of the girls barred my way to the door. 

"Not so fast little Mary R****," the tall girl said. "You haven't told us what you're doing here." 

"Sorry miss," I said politely. "I was looking for Miss Stacy." 

"Why do you want to see her?" another girl asked. 

"I wanted to ask if I could try out for the trampoline team," I replied nervously. 

"Oh," the tall African girl said, sounding much friendlier now. "Why didn't you say so?" She looked around at her friends and smiled, and they all nodded and smiled back. "We're all in the gymnastics team," she told me.

"Oh?" I replied cautiously, a certain degree of doubt in my voice. 

"Would you like us to show you some things?" she asked. 

At once I felt more at ease. "Oh that would be nice. Yes please," I replied. 

"Yeeees," she said slowly. "It would be nice, wouldn't it," she said, looking me up and down and smiling to the others. 

The other girls, who were all staring at me in a way I that couldn't quite understand, all agreed, and the smaller African girl was even licking her lips. Had I been a little less naive I probably would have tried to make a run for it there and then, but I was flattered that they would be interested in helping me. They approached and gathered around me, all five of them towering over me as two of them put their hands on my shoulders and led me toward the equipment room at the back of the hall. What I didn't notice at the time was one of them, the tall oriental girl, must have hung back to close the gym door, locking it from the inside. 

When we got to the equipment room they all filed in and foolishly, I went in with them. The walls inside the room were covered in some sort of dark grey cladding that looked like giant egg trays, the same cladding that I had noticed on the walls in the main hall. I asked what it was and one of the English girls said "Oh. It's probably some old soundproof stuff I should think. This used to be a firing range in the old days," she explained, "and the Gym tends to get a bit noisy sometimes, so they probably kept it on to kill the noise." Her answer seemed perfectly logical, which also explained why the gym hall was so far from the rest of the buildings. The equipment room would have been an ammunition store, so I was happy. 

"Well now," the tall African girl began. "This is the main piece of apparatus that we use," she told me, pointing to a tall multi-level vaulting box at the back of the room. "Pull it out would you please ladies?" she asked. The four other girls wheeled the big heavy box into the middle of the limited free space in the room, locking the wheels where they stopped it. The top of the box was about level with my shoulders. 

"How do you like it?" she asked me. 

"It's ... err ... It's very nice," I said, not really knowing what she expected of me. 

"Do you know what we use it for?" she asked. 

"Vaulting?" I replied, looking around for a supportive reaction. The tall girl shook her head slowly. "No?" I questioned, shaking my head too. Whatever its use was, I felt sure I was about to find out. The others all smiled, seemingly entertained by the way my pigtails swung around my head as I shook it.

"We use it to exercise and limber up. We practice moves and stretches," she added. 

"Special moves mainly," the smaller black girl added in a low voice, and the others all giggled. 

"Naomi?" the tall girl said, turning to her shorter black friend. "Would you demonstrate some of your special moves to our new friend please?" 

The other black girl moved up very close to me and reached out toward me. I thought she was going to grab me but instead she said in a low, sexy, purring voice "Would you mind if I steady myself?" 

"Oh. OK," I said, trembling slightly. 

"Thank you," she said, bending down low enough to kiss my cheek, then using my shoulder as a support, slowly and gracefully she raised one leg up high, until she could grip her ankle with the other hand to produce a perfect standing splits. She stared into my eyes as she lowered the leg onto the top of the box, stretching and turning to display her extraordinary agility, along with a clear view of her dark navy knickers, to the entire audience. 

"Well?" the taller African girl said. I just looked at her. "Aren't you impressed?" she asked with a smile, prompting for my approval. 

"That was beautiful," I said. "Very graceful." Naomi lowered her leg and repeated the motion with the other leg, again resting her heel on the top of the box, but this time she bent over to touch her other toe on the floor. It appeared she was trying to show off her knickers. I was trembling but fascinated. 

Next she raised herself, lowered her leg, and turned to face the box where she placed her hands on it and hopped up, twisting around at the last moment to land seated neatly on the top. Without a word, she laid herself back slowly in a graceful, dance-like motion while spreading her arms out wide, then stretched her legs out in front, raised them straight up into the air and parted them wide, performing another graceful unassisted splits. 

Her lovely black legs were beautifully sturdy and muscular and her four friends and I just stood there gazing at the parted crotch. The tendons pulled tight making long high ridges of flesh along the inside of her thighs which drew the eye toward the crotch of her knickers where the faintest damp patch was beginning to show. I was mesmerised. It was almost as if she was waiting... no, inviting someone to touch her. 

"Isn't she beautiful?" the tall African girl asked. 

"Awesome," was all I could think of to say. 

"She is awesome isn't she," the taller girl said. "Can you do that?" she asked. 

"I don't think so," I told her honestly. "I'm too small to get up onto the box to start with," I joked, and they all laughed. That helped to put me more at ease. 

"I like you," the tall girl told me, putting an arm around my shoulder." Would you like us to teach you how to do that?" she asked. 

"Err... well, I'm not sure," I replied. 

"Oh come on honey," one of the other girls urged me. 

"You're so supple looking and you're so cute and small," another said. "I think you'd make a beautiful gymnast, wouldn't she girls?" she said to the rest of them. 

"Oh yes. Yes," they all agreed. 

"I'm Alisha by the way," the tall girl told me. "Let me help you with a few limbering up exercises." 

"Well... I'm not sure," I replied, but she insisted. 

"Oh... Come on now. You won't have a chance getting into any team if you're not supple and flexible now will you." It wasn't really a question that required an answer, and had it been so, it was clear there was only one answer that she would accept. 

I thought it probably easier to just go with it. "OK," I said. 

"Wonderful," Alisha declared. "Now, what should we start with?" she asked of no-one in particular. 

"Why don't you help her to do some stretches?" One of the English girls suggested. 

"Yes," she agreed. "That would be a good place to start," she told me. "OK Mary. Raise your right leg and place your heel on top of the box." I tried, but believe me it was very high and I was much smaller than any of them. "May I help?" Alisha asked. 

I didn't get a chance to answer before she had reached down to grip my ankle and quickly lifted my leg up very high. I began to topple backwards, but 'luckily' Naomi was ready on my left to catch me, and with Naomi's arms around my chest and Alisha's hands on my waist and my ankle, they managed to raise my heel up, onto the top of the end of the box. 

"There!" Alisha said with a satisfied air. "That didn't hurt did it." 

"Well, just a bit," I admitted, although I did feel slightly encouraged that I had achieved some small measure of success. 

"No pain, no gain," Naomi said, smiling as she gazed into my eyes. 

I felt uncomfortable. "Can I put it down now?" I asked. 

"Oh no honey," Alisha smiled, shaking her head. "You have to stretch it properly," she told me, and between them they began moving my body backward and forward, pushing my torso down toward the box. With Alisha gripping my raised leg at the lower calf and pressing my knee down to hold it straight as they pushed and relaxed, pushed and relaxed, until my thigh tendon began to hurt. 

All this time I hadn't noticed Alisha's hand progressing cautiously up the back of my leg as she gently stroked the calf muscle. She stood to the right of me, blocking me from moving the straight, stretched leg away as her hand slid slowly under the back of my knee and began to stroke and caress my thigh. She was looking straight into my eyes and I began to feel a bit panicky, but as I looked from one to another of the other girls they just smiled at me as if this was all perfectly normal. 

"Please can I put it down now?" I asked again. 

"Why honey?" Alisha asked. 

"It's hurting," I told her. 

"Oh," she said in a sympathetic tone. "Where does it hurt honey?" she asked. 

"At the top of my thigh," I told her. Well, that was a mistake wasn't it. 

"Where? Here?" she asked, sliding her hand swiftly up to the very top of my inner thigh. 

"Oh!" I gasped in surprise. 

"That's quite normal honey," she told me, smiling and caressing the area gently. "It just needs practice... and some massage," she added. 

She began to squeeze and rub the entire inside of my upper thigh from the back of my knee right up close to my crotch, stroking and kneading, while I was trapped there between them. 

I didn't know what to do or say; my heart pounding, my pulse racing. 'What on God's good earth is she going to do?' I wondered. "Wha... What are you doing?" I asked, trembling. 

"Why I'm just trying to relax you honey," she said, sliding her hand right to the very top of my thigh and kneading it firmly, the sides of her fingers just touching against my mound through my knickers. "Try to relax now honey," she soothed. 

After a minute of Alisha's molestation they allowed me to lower my leg. I was about to say I wanted to leave when Naomi announced. "OK baby. Other leg," and with no further ado she hoisted my left leg up onto the box. As I toppled, it was Alisha who was there to catch me this time of course, and this time and it was Naomi's turn to provide some careful attention to 'stretching my ligaments', that left me almost panicking. Her touch was far more intense and intimate, gripping my shin up high on the box as her left hand stroked and massaged my inner thigh excessively. I hadn't even said it was hurting! 

You can imagine how concerned I was about where this was going. "Please let me stop now?" I begged, but Alisha just cradled my upper body in her strong arms, hugging me to her as Naomi persisted with her 'massage', the tips of her fingers repeatedly touching the gusset of my thick navy blue knickers, and teasing my pussy while smiling lustfully, repeating the words "No pain, no gain baby." 

As they finally allowed me to stand again I thanked them all for their help, adding "... but I really must be going now." Nonsense, Alisha said quite sternly, then quickly sweetened, smiling at me. "You're nowhere near supple enough yet honey. Come. Let's show you some more routines." 

"No. Thank you. I think that's probably enough to be going on with for now," I said. 

"Well..." Alisha told me. "A little more leg stretching then. You need to do this several times a day, she added." 

"I'll be sure to remember that. Thank you," I said, turning toward the door, but again my exit was blocked. 

"Come on honey," Alisha said. "No time like the present," and as they turned me back toward the box, Alisha's strong hand hoisted my leg up and the assault began again. 

As I fell again Naomi caught me, this time 'accidentally' cupping my breast with her hand in the process. "Oh. Sorry baby," she said, smiling and gazing into my eyes, but she made no attempt to remove the hand. 

This time there was little in the way of preliminary feigning their help to convince me of their good intentions. Naomi hugged me around the waist and pushed my body forward as Alisha's hand went straight for the very top of my thigh, staring lustfully into my eyes as she molested me, and I began moaning softly as her fingers explored so very close to my private parts. 

"Other side," Naomi urged, impatient for her turn. Alisha smiled and allowed me to lower my right leg, only to have it replaced by the left as Naomi groped me from the other side. This time I was leaned back, cradled in one of Alisha's arms and looking directly up into her smiling face, her free hand stroking my cheek as she looked down into my eyes. Meanwhile Naomi's hand was caressing and kneading my right leg at the very top of my thigh, and several times I gasped as I felt her fingertips found their way into the gusset of my knickers. 

"Err... Sorry to spoil things..." I heard one of the other girls say, "but we've been here ten minutes now." 

"Don't interrupt," Naomi retorted, clearly enjoying herself, but Alisha stopped her. 

"She's right. We need to get on," she said. "Come on. Let's get her up onto the box." 

"Oh. No'" I objected. "I don't think I want to..." 

"Sure you do," Naomi interrupted, and with that Alisha moved to one side as Naomi put her strong hands on my tiny waist and without any obvious effort she lifted and turned me. She was smiling and gazing deep into my eyes as she raised me, sitting me neatly on the top of the box as the others took their places in front. 

"Now!" Alisha instructed. "We're going to show you some more stretches. Lie back honey," she told me. 

"I really don't think..." I began. 

"Nonsense," she interrupted. "Olivia? Jacquie? Help her would you please? Make sure she doesn't fall." 

The two English girls took my arms and 'guided' me (sure! - pulled me more like) to lie on my back as Alisha announced. "Good. Now, straight legs up in the air I think." I didn't want to do it but they heaved my legs up, exposing the creamy pale flesh of my bare thighs right up to my knicker-clad bottom, as my skirt hung down over the edge of the box. 

"Now. That doesn't hurt does it honey?" Alisha asked. 

"No," I replied, trembling and too scared to even think about what they might do next. They were taking so many liberties on the surmise that they were checking to see if I was supple enough to join the gymnastics team but by now I knew it was something else that they wanted. 

"OK honey," Alisha said. "You remember how Naomi did this?" 

"Please!" I begged, "I really don't want to." 

Alisha left Naomi and the oriental girl holding my legs as she came around beside me. "You do want to join the gymnastics team don't you honey?" she asked, slowly and pointedly. 
