 Thanks for the kind reception to my first effort. Your comments were appreciated (only a few trolls). I did not realize that 2 ½ pages would translate to only one when posted.

*****

Gina returned home highly aroused, but also worried. She was worried that she had been too aggressive with Rebecca. Her previous attraction to the young woman, coupled with the fact that she would soon no longer be a student, had overcome her habit of discretion. 

Gina made her favorite drink of tequila and orange juice, and moved through her single story house to the master suite, where she undressed. She loved being naked as much as she loved sexy undergarments. Her usual mode of dress when teaching always concealed fine lingerie, which gave her a secret thrill. She drew a bath, and then luxuriated on her king size bed as she thought of her conversation with Becca, and what she had revealed. Becca's interest in Sapphic sex, and her confession that Gina had been the feature of her fantasies for so long caused Gina to fantasize herself. She had seen Becca grow to maturity, but had had only brief glimpses of her in the shower and locker room. Gina began to imagine how her large breasts would look fully revealed. She had seen the bright pink pussy, with its fringe of fine red hair, and clearly recalled the exquisite taste of her juices that she had sampled from her fingers. The thought of teaching the innocent girl to explore her sexuality and how to please another woman had her dripping wet.

Gina teased her inner lips with her fingers, and spread her lubrication to her clit. As her bare pussy engorged, Gina pushed two fingers into her cunt, and used her thumb on her clit, just as she had with Becca only an hour ago. She stroked and stretched her pussy open as she thought of Becca's innocence, and her sexual curiosity. Gina focused more closely on her clit as she recalled Becca's description of her internet "research" and varied interests. When she thought of Becca's natural submissiveness, she curled her fingers to her G spot, and stroked that sweet spot until she erupted in a squirting orgasm that left her writhing and panting for breath. Gina was a switch, who tended toward dominance in her sex with women, and submission with her male lovers. She began to plan for the coming weekend as she went to her bath, only to find that it had cooled. As she ran the hot water to heat it again she decided to begin the weekend with the instruction that Rebecca had begged for. She would restrain herself, and proceed at Becca's pace, but her imagination fired again at the thought of introducing the hot young redhead to the contents of her toy boxes...

Rebecca drove herself home, excited, confused, and anxious. Her earlier anxiety about revealing her secret thoughts and fantasies to Ms. Knott had been replaced with anxiety about pleasing her. Her confusion arose from her initial happiness at being treated as an adult by her coach and teacher, and then being sexually dominated by her. She had been excited by her first kiss with a woman, and her first intimate contact with anyone. She had been even more excited at being called "pet" by the beautiful Gina, and even by the slap on her thigh. She was also frustrated that the encounter had ended so quickly, without the satisfaction she had hoped for. As her friends and teammates would say, she was a hot mess. 

Becca stripped in her room, dancing in place with her eyes closed, and thinking of her appointment the following day. She began to get horny, but then remembered her instructions from Mistress Gina, that she was not to touch herself until tomorrow. Then she remembered that she was also supposed to shave her pubic hair! She had thought of doing this since first finding porn videos on the internet, but had always been afraid to. She loved the way the actress's bare pussies looked without hair in the way. She could see all the beautiful details of their lady parts. 

Becca logged on to her computer, and searched 'How to shave pubic hair' and laughed out loud when she saw all of the links. She said "You really can learn anything on YouTube!" After looking at several sites she was less afraid, but still needed to work up her nerve to actually take a razor to her sensitive kitty. She thought "This is no different from shaving my legs" as she ran a hot bath. She found a fresh razor, her shaving gel, and a hand mirror. After soaking in the tub, she began shaving, first her armpits, and then her legs, and finally she began to rub the shaving gel into her pussy. It felt so good, and Mistress Gina could not object, since she had ordered her to shave. She quickly shaved the upper area of her mons. She then worked more gel lower down, getting more and more aroused from the slick rubbing. She quickly realized she would have to lower the water level. 

Following the instructions she had found on the internet, she also spread the gel further back, between the cheeks of her large firm ass. She had seen anal play in the videos she had watched, but had only a few times touched herself there in her masturbatory explorations. She had not really understood the sensual possibilities of her asshole, but feeling relaxed from the hot water, the slippery shaving gel felt marvelous there, too. As she continued to rub, her middle finger seemed to enter her little butthole of its own accord. "Back to work", she mentally scolded herself, filing the pleasant sensations away for future consideration. Still following the instructions, she got a fresh razor. She had to rinse her fingers first, since they were too slippery to firmly hold the handle of the razor. She sat on the edge of the tub, in the corner, and spread her legs as wide as she could, which as a gymnast was very wide indeed, and began carefully shaving her outer labia. 

Like her other body hair, her pubes were finer than the thick stuff on her head, and whisked away easily. When she could no longer see clearly what she was doing, Becca reached for her hand mirror, and inspected her work, using the concave side for magnification. "So far, so good" she thought. Then the going became harder, as she got closer to her inner lips, trying to hold the mirror with one slippery hand, the razor with the other, all while balanced on the edge of the tub. She slipped slightly once, and winced at the thought of cutting herself there. She lay in the empty tub and applied more of the gel, and again rinsed the excess from her hands. Using the mirror, she continued to shave herself, going by touch alone when she could no longer see. When she felt she had done as well as she could, she refilled the tub and rinsed herself clean. 

As the tub drained, she lay on the floor of the bathroom and again used her mirror to remove the remaining hairs she could see with a tweezer. Becca liked what she saw. Her pussy glowed bright pink inside her pale white thighs. Strangely, all of her care and concentration had taken her mind off of her arousal. Still following the instructions from the internet, Becca applied a moisturizer. Being exhausted from her competition, her conversation with Ms. Knott, and her close encounter with the razor, Rebecca fell into her bed, and was instantly asleep.

Saturday morning arrived. Gina went about her usual routine of breakfast and catching up on her housecleaning, while anticipating Rebecca's arrival. She had one brief moment of doubt that Becca might not follow through, which she quickly dismissed. Rebecca had never backed away from a challenge or failed to follow through in her four years on the gymnastic team. The girl's interest, and hunger to explore her sexuality had been readily apparent. The only surprise to Gina's mind was that she had not pursued her interests sooner. 

Gina prepared food in advance for the weekend, not wanting to waste a moment of her weekend with Rebecca. When her preparations were complete, she drew a bath, fixed herself a drink, and relaxed in the tub. Her 36C breasts floated on the surface, and her dark brown nipples peeked through the bubbles. She had shaved yesterday, and had had a Brazilian the previous weekend at her spa. She styled her hair, and applied the bare minimum of makeup. "What to wear", she thought. She wanted to entice and excite Rebecca. She rolled on mocha thigh high silk stockings, put on a beige skirt that was too short to wear to school, a loose, cowl necked cashmere sweater that felt wonderful on her unrestrained breasts, and three inch suede platform sandals. She went to the front room, sat on the leather sofa, and thought of how she would ravish her former student.

Rebecca woke at ten, and immediately set about her preparations for the weekend. To her regular overnight bag she added clothing to wear home tomorrow. She wished she had more alluring underthings, but remembered Mistress Gina's instruction, she was not supposed to wear any. She wove her hair into the French braid she preferred to contain her hair. She chose one of her favorite dresses, a simple gauzy white dress with three quarter length sleeves. It was just opaque enough to conceal her large pink areolae, but did nothing to contain her 38D breasts and their erect nipples. Becca almost vibrated, and her pussy moistened as she began to imagine what lay in store for her.

She knew where Ms. Knott's house was from team functions she had attended there. She parked her car alongside the garage, and rang the doorbell at five minutes to one. Gina opened the door, and said "I knew you would be punctual, just as I am sure you followed all of my instructions. Come inside, Rebecca", then closed and locked the door behind her.

Rebecca stood with her hands clasped behind her, staring down at the pink enamel on her toes, and said "Yes, Mistress Gina". Gina lifted Becca's chin with her index finger, and said "Relax, Becca. Come in, and have a seat". Becca complied, and took a seat on the black leather sofa, setting her bag on the floor. Gina sat next to Becca, so that their thighs touched. 

"First, you must call me Gina, or Ms. Knott. The 'Mistress' part will come later. Did you expect me to answer the door in a leather bustier with a riding crop?"

"A little bit", Rebecca replied, her lightly freckled face blushing.

"Becca, very few people live a BDSM lifestyle all the time. It is a concept called being 'in scene' or 'behind the bedroom door'. The "bedroom door" can be flexible, depending on context. The Master or Mistress will make that determination. Last night I was so flattered and turned on by our conversation that I got ahead of myself. You asked me to teach you, and that is what I would like to do. You have much to learn before you can be trained as a pet. Would you like a drink?"

"My parents only allow me an occasional glass of wine or champagne, and I have only been eighteen for a month".

"I'll get you what I'm having. You are no longer training for competition, but my advice is to continue with your diet and exercise as if you were, just not with the same intensity. I'll be right back."

Gina went to the kitchen, and made two of her favorite drinks, a double shot of tequila with orange juice. She returned and handed Rebecca her glass, and again sat close beside her. Rebecca sipped, and asked "Is this a mimosa? I've had that before".

"It's a little stronger than a mimosa. Now my dear, let's talk. Last night you told me about your interests. Do you have any more questions?"

Becca asked "Does your boyfriend live here with you?"

"No, Jason has his own place. Sometimes he comes here, and sometimes I go there. We have an open relationship, a little more than a 'friends with benefits' arrangement. His work often takes him out of town".

"Do you prefer men or women?

"I enjoy sex with both men and women. They are different. Men are generally rougher and stronger, but I believe that only a woman can truly understand how another woman feels. Would you like me to show you?

"Oh, yes. Please, Ms. Knott"!

Gina set her drink on the coffee table and turned to the young girl, and kissed her, gently at first, enjoying her soft lips. Becca closed her eyes, and sank back into the sofa. Her mentor explored Becca's mouth with her tongue, and Becca followed suit, realizing that there was a lot more to kissing than she thought. Gina leaned in until their breasts were mashed together, caressed the back of Becca's neck, and sucked Becca's tongue into her mouth. Becca moaned at the sensation. Gina ended the kiss, but not the embrace. She kissed the side of Becca's throat, and trailed the tip of her tongue up to her ear, and gently sucked on the lobe. Becca was returning the embrace, writhing and panting, rubbing her tits against Gina's.

Gina withdrew slightly to catch her breath, and sipped her drink. "Well, Becca?"

The young girl was still panting. "Oh, Ms. Knott, that was wonderful. I am so hot and so wet! I did as you commanded, and I haven't touched myself since last night, except to shave. Please don't stop!

"We are barely getting started. You know, I have fantasized for years about you too, Becca, and more so since you confided in me last night. Take a drink, and then I want you to stand and strip for me".

Becca had caught her breath, sipped her drink, and stood in front of the sofa. She wanted to please Ms. Knott, and felt sexy. She made a strip tease show of her undressing, as she slipped her dress off each shoulder, and the shrugged out of it, revealing her nakedness. She stepped out of the dress pooled at her feet and posed as if she were doing a floor routine, allowing her teacher to see her from all sides, finishing with a pirouette, which ended with her facing away with her legs spread. She then bent over, displaying her large ass and the pink cleft there, and grinned saucily between her legs at Ms. Knott. 

Gina was impressed by the show, and applauded her prize pupil. The girls figure, with her large tits and large firm ass was mouthwatering. Her flaming red hair, pale skin, and large pink nipples were the very definition of Rubenesque, if Rubens had had an eighteen year old gymnast as a model. 

Gina rose from the sofa, and beckoned the younger girl to her, where they embraced and kissed hotly, and her hands roaming freely over the young girl's body. She reached down and spread her ass wide, causing Becca to moan with desire into her mouth. Becca reciprocated, enjoying the feel of Gina's ass in her hands. Gina bent and took one of the large pink nipples into her mouth, and the other into her hand. She licked and nibbled the nipple closest to her, while she tweaked and pulled on the other. Her right hand went south, over Rebecca's belly to cup her pussy. Becca moaned again, and automatically spread her legs wider.

"I see you obeyed my command to shave this nasty little cunt" Gina said as she felt the heat and wetness of Becca's slit.

Becca's thrust her hips against Gina's hand. "It was harder than I thought", and explained her difficulties in accomplishing the task. Gina laughed softly, and said "I can show you how, and maybe when it has grown out enough, you can have it waxed." 

Gina again broke the embrace and stepped back. "Now, I want you to undress me." She lifted her arms as Becca slid her sweater up over her head, revealing her firm tits. Gina kicked off her sandals, and turned around so Becca could unzip her skirt. Becca knelt as she drew the skirt down Gina's legs, and saw that her teacher was as naked under her clothing as she had commanded Rebecca to be. After Gina had stepped out of her skirt, Becca showered kisses on her round tanned ass. She began to remove Gina's stockings, but Gina stopped her. "Leave those on. Don't you like the way they look?' 

"Yes, Ms. Knott. It is so sexy the way they frame your ass."

"Rebecca, I can't wait any longer. Come and sit on the sofa."

Rebecca did so instantly, and the sensation of the leather sofa on her bare skin just added to the sensory overload she was experiencing. Gina had her move closer to the edge of the sofa, and pushed her legs apart as she knelt between them. She was as excited as she had ever been since her own first sexual experience, and began to rub her own pussy as she looked Rebecca in the eye. "Your first lesson about the power of anticipation is over. I want you to just relax and enjoy as I lick your hot little slit." She looked at the smooth hairless pussy that was open and dripping with the girl's juices. She maintained her contact with the wide green eyes of her student as she lowered her mouth to Becca's delta. Becca's breath caught as she felt the hot breath of her teacher on her sensitive flesh, and moaned aloud as she felt and saw Gina slide her tongue between her sensitive inner lips from bottom to top. As Gina used her wide flat tongue to lick up her inner labia, first one side and then the other, Becca spread her legs wide to give her greater access. Gina then stroked her tongue from the girl's tight little rosebud, deeply into her open hole, fully tasting her juices, and then up and over her sensitive clit, which she could feel hard under her tongue. 

Becca moaned again, and began teasing her own nipples with both hands. Gina enjoyed the fresh, slick juices that were now flooding from Becca's cunt. She teased around her clit, lightly licking it from beneath, and circling around it. This had the intended effect of making Becca's clit stiffen and enlarge even more, so that it protruded from under its hood. Becca was now gasping, and thrusting against Gina's mouth. Gina now placed her lips on either side of Becca's clit and shook her head to stroke the hood back and forth over the sensitive button. Becca's legs stiffened and she grasped Gina's head as she erupted into her first orgasm that was not self-induced. Gina slowed her licking for a moment, fully savoring the flood of creamy fluid from Becca's pink hole. The greedy teenager began to hump her face, seeking more stimulation, and Gina obliged by gently sucking and tonguing her engorged clit just as if she were sucking on a tiny cock. This time, Becca screamed "Yes" as she came again into Gina's mouth. As Becca trembled in the aftermath of her release, Gina moved up on to the sofa beside her, and caressed her as she recovered.

Becca opened her eyes, and peered into Gina's. "That was even better than I ever imagined. Thank you, thank you, thank you!" Gina replied "It was my pleasure. I love the taste of your pussy, and to see you enjoy yourself so fully. I believe that your creamy pussy juices are the best aphrodisiac ever. Are you ready to try?"

"Oh, yes! I have dreamed of tasting you for so long."

Gina position Becca on her back at one end of the sofa, then straddled her face with her stocking clad legs, leaning on the arm of the sofa. Becca looked up into the open pussy above her face. Ms. Knott's labia were darker than her own, and her clit more prominent. Her juices had dripped down her thighs. Becca just had to taste them, and licked up the trails they left to their source. Gina reflexively widened her legs and lowered her cunt onto Becca's mouth. Becca grabbed the cheeks of her ass with both hands, and tried to do to her teacher what Gina had done to her. She licked and nibbled on Gina's inner lips, and stuck her tongue as far as possible up her teacher's fuck hole, loving the taste of her. She then began to gently probe with the tip of her tongue at Gina's clit. Gina's hips began to rotate as she fucked the young girls face. Gina instructed her "You little cunt licking slut. Finger fuck me while you lick my clit" and lifted up slightly to make that possible. 

Becca was further inspired by the nasty talk, and slid one finger into her cunt, marveling at how hot, silky, and wet the inside of Gina's pussy felt. Gina prompted her "Use three fingers, stretch that pussy open." Becca obeyed, and Gina quickly felt herself approaching the peak. The thought that she was the first to have this delightful girl, and to sit on this cute face was enough to trigger her orgasm. She cried "Oh, Becca you're making me come", and then flooded the girl's face with her creamy juices. Becca was in heaven as she savored every drop. Gina rose and turned around and began to kiss her pupil feverishly, enjoying the taste of herself on Becca's lips and face. Becca was proud to have acquitted herself so well on her first attempt.
