 Lena lay on her violet sheets, her arms on either side of head. She stared up at her unmoving ceiling fan. She studied the lines on the wood. She didn't know what kind of wood the blades were made from, and she didn't care to know. She traced her eyes on the gold patterns and sighed.

Her bedroom was hot. She didn't want the A.C. or the fan turned on. She left her head aching and turned sideways on the pillow, moaning in despair. Ariel was the only thing going through her mind -- the girl's name, her face, her voice. She remembered the soft skin she kissed and it gave her joy for a moment.

The housekeeper knocked on the door. Lena turned her head to the right, in the direction of the door.

"Come in."

The housekeeper opened the door. She was a plump fair woman in her forties who was hired by Olivia to monitor Lena and also clean the house. Lena had fired the last housekeeper in a fit of rage after she overheard a homophobic phone conversation.

The new housekeeper was wary of Lena when she was told by Olivia of Lena's attack on a young woman. She was told that Lena was normal but she had her moments. Olivia had emphasized that Lena wasn't crazy, she was troubled.

The housekeeper was to make sure Lena didn't go to the campus or any place that young women congregated.

"It's boiling in here, Miss Lena." The housekeeper turned on the A.C. with the remote. She looked at the form on the bed. "Are you feeling alright?"

"No. My head is killing me."

"It's because you left yourself in the heat. I'll get you some water."

A couple minutes later the housekeeper returned with a bottle of water and handed it to Lena, who was by now sitting up and composed.

"Thank you, Miriam." Lena sighed. "I must go the supermarket."

"I can do that for you."

"No, it's alright."

"You know that I was told I have to accompany you if you step foot outside the house."

Lena sighed again. "I promise I'm not going to the campus."

"I'm sorry, Miss Lena, but it's part of my job."

"Can't I just pay you to not listen to Olivia?"

"I personally don't want you attacking another young woman."

"Wait for me downstairs."

It was now 8pm. The night wind gave the feeling of anticipation. Olivia got out of her car and walked up the small steps to Lena's grand front door. She rang the doorbell and Miriam answered.

"How was your first day with her?"

"She's apathetic. She resents not going out alone."

"That's understandable. May I come in?"

Lena was on the back porch. When she saw her sister she gave her a resentful look.

"Oh don't be like that. You know what you did. I never thought you would assault a student because of those silly dreams."

"Just go away."

"You need to snap out of it. Forget about her. You're becoming childish."

"At least send me a picture of her."

"Oh fuck yourself Lena."

Miriam tried to stop the identical twins from arguing. "Would you like something to drink Miss Olivia?" she asked quickly.

"Yes, thank you." Olivia and Miriam walked to the kitchen, leaving Lena alone.

Lena got up and went inside. She walked past the kitchen where Olivia was hissing angry whispers. "I'm going to bed," said Lena.

She quickly closed her bedroom door and took off her clothes. She stripped until she was completely nude and slipped under her quilt.

She spread her legs and started stroking her thighs, slowly moving to her crotch. She liked to imagine she was touching the girl there. She wanted the girl to look into her eyes and sigh softly.

Lena's Imagination

She was kissing her crotch gently, slowly moving to her pubic area. She didn't know if the girl kept hair down there, but she imagined she did. "Maybe she trimmed," Lena thought.

She licked the outer lips, the hair gliding on her tongue. She took one side of the labia majora between her lips and let her tongue glide on the inner parts. She pulled gently and kissed, and then her tongue slowly moved towards the clit. She wet the clit with her tongue, licking it gently, trying to stimulate it. She was eager to get the girl to orgasm, so when the clit was hard enough she was moving her tongue over it quickly. She heard the girl's short screams as she got closer to climax. When Lena felt the clit pulsing she covered the clit with her mouth, keeping it warm and wet. She pushed bits of saliva on the clit while it pulsed and watched the girl's reaction.

Back to Reality

Lena's own clit was pulsing. She had rubbed herself to orgasm while imagining. She lay there for a few minutes, feeling satisfied. She looked at the digital clock on the bedside drawer. It was nine o' clock. The orgasm left her feeling sleepy, but she figured she should eat before she went to sleep.

Olivia had left a while back. Miriam was in her room. Lena heated rice and curry potatoes in the microwave and went to sit on one of the couches out on the back porch.

Miriam came out a few minutes later. "I heard you in the kitchen and felt like I should tell you what Miss Olivia said. She's bringing the girl here tomorrow so you can apologise to her."

Lena almost choked. "Oh," was all she could say.

Later in the night Lena had a dream of Ariel. This one was different; it wasn't just her image this time. In the dream she and Ariel were alone -- they were on the back porch together, each with a glass of wine. She was stroking the girl's thigh with one finger while the girl looked on. Lena saw the mole on her own chest and the waves at the end of her hair that differentiated herself from Olivia.

Lena woke up with a start. She sat up and stared into the darkness.

Morning came. Lena was told by Miriam during breakfast that Olivia and the girl were coming at 3pm.

"I don't know if you feel sorry about your actions, Miss Lena, but make the apology sound sincere. It's the decent thing to do."

Lena didn't respond. Her mind was fixed on the dream while she picked at her bacon and eggs.

At 3pm Olivia rang the doorbell. Miriam opened it and greeted both Olivia and Ariel, the latter she was seeing for the first time.

Lena was in the back porch, where she spent most of her time. It was fairly large and held two couches with a coffee table between them on one end, and several pots with cacti and various flowers on the other.

The three women entered her vicinity. Upon seeing Ariel she took a deep breath and softly said "Ariel darling. My stomach still hurts." Ariel turned away, turned on at her softness and depth of her alluring voice, but also feeling ashamed at kicking her.

"Good afternoon," said Ariel, hesitantly.

Olivia and Ariel sat next to each other on the couch that was opposite to Lena.

"I'll be bringing muffins and juice," said Miriam.

When Miriam left, Ariel said "I'm sorry again that I kicked you, but I had to..."

"She's the one who's wrong here," Olivia interjected. After a pause, she said "Well, Lena?

Lena's eyes never left Ariel's. "I'm sorry. I really am. I was so overwhelmed by your beauty that I couldn't help myself."

Miriam brought the muffins and juice and set them on the coffee table, and hurried back inside.

Ariel was staring at Lena with wide eyes.

"I want to speak to her alone," said Lena, still not taking her eyes off the younger woman.

Olivia glared at her with suspicion. "I'm finding your apology hard to believe. But what was I to expect? Alright, I'll leave you alone with her, but I'm only giving you five minutes. If I hear a complaint from her while I'm gone I'll deal with you myself." Olivia got up and walked inside, taking her muffin and juice with her.

Ariel viewed Lena with caution. "What did you want to talk about?"

"I wasn't lying when I said I was sorry. I'll prove it to you. I'll pay all of your fees to the university. If that's not good enough you name it and I'll do it for you."

"That would be great, but you don't have to. Actually, I wanted to have a word with you as well. I want to help you...they told me about you back at school."

"Who did?"

"Well, the staff, and Olivia. She said they all know about the switch, and your...illness, if that's what it is. I'm sorry if I used the wrong term..."

Lena replied with a low growl. "No one was supposed to know the difference! "I told Olivia all of her responsibilities beforehand. She even practised my mannerisms. To hell with her!"

"I can come back another time..."

"No, stay." Lena took a minute to calm down. She stared out at the garden sipping her juice, her eyes were fierce and looked more intense than before. In the meantime Ariel ate her muffin cautiously.

When the minute passed Lena set her glass down and turned to Ariel. "You said you wanted to help me." Lena now sounded terrifyingly calm.

"Yes."

"I'm not ill. I don't know what's going on, but I know I'm not ill. I can't blame them for thinking I'm crazy. Have you ever had recurring dreams?"

"...No."

"Then you wouldn't understand how I feel. But that doesn't mean you can't help me."

Lena's abysses had almost a begging look, which she directed at Ariel.

"Live with me and I'll pay your fees."

Ariel looked away, her lips slightly apart. Her face turned red as she studied the large half-moon window that was next to the patio.

"I can't trust you," Ariel said, almost apologetically.

"Is that your answer? Well that's too bad. But you still have two minutes or so to change your mind before Olivia comes back."

They both heard Olivia's footsteps on the wooden floorboards. "Alright, I'll live with you."

"That was abrupt."

Olivia walked on to the patio and took back and forth glances at the two women, then said "Are you ready to go now, Ariel?"

"She has agreed to live with me."

"Excuse me?" said Olivia.

"I told her I'll pay her fees if she did, and she said yes. Isn't that right Ariel?" There was a hint of joy in Lena's voice.

"Yes."

Olivia stared at Ariel, confused. "She hasn't threatened you, has she? It's okay to say yes in front of her."

"She hasn't."

Olivia sighed. "I can't allow this."

"She's above eighteen, she can make her own decisions. Come on, Olivia."

"I don't want to hear anything from you."

Ariel slowly got up and walked towards Lena. She sat next to her, turned her face to hers with her hand, and gave her a peck on her shapely lips. Lena stared at her, wide-eyed, the abyss desperately swallowing the lovely features of the girl's face. Lena returned the peck with a forceful dive that sought to get past the exterior.

"What is this!" Olivia was enraged. "I didn't expect this from you Ariel." She sighed again. "Fine," she said, slightly calmer. "I'll let you two go along with your 'deal.' But if there's any trouble, Ariel, you know who to call." And with that, Olivia left.

"Nice way of convincing her," said Lena.

"I already knew she wasn't going to be persuaded with words."

Ariel moved in with Lena and Miriam that same night. In the evening Ariel was introduced to her new room and had a tour of the house and garden. She had listened to Lena's story of when the house was built, the different designs she had in mind, how she took pride in her vegetable and flower garden. Ariel had taken a shower, a nap, dinner, and Lena's staring and seemingly innocent touching during the tour.

It was now midnight. The campus was asleep. There wasn't even a guard at the gate. Ariel didn't have many things, so she packed her few belongings in one bag and got into Lena's car which was parked on the compound, close to the dorm buildings.

Lena owned a white 2014 BMW 3 series. That day it was the third time Ariel found herself in a car, and the first time in one that was so expensive. She had marvelled at the interior and the comfort of it.

"That's all? A book bag?" said Lena when Ariel closed the door.

"A hairbrush, toothbrush, a towel, some clothes, my school books. I left the remaining toothpaste and a couple bars of soap on the table in the living area in case anyone needed."

"That's nice of you. So, where do you want to go tonight?"

"Oh, what?"

"It's Friday night. Well, Saturday. Don't you want to live it up a little?"

"Isn't it late?"

"That's the fun in it. There's a nightclub close to here."

"Weren't you a headmaster?"

"So I'm supposed to be against having fun?" Lena laughed a little.

"I don't dance anyway."

"That's fine. There's always the bars. You said you like wine. I can get us a bottle."

"Okay. But let's not stay too long."

They parked outside a bar in the middle of town called "Oasis." It looked fancy from the outside, and Ariel became hesitant.

"Are you sure I'm dressed for this?" she asked, looking down at her old plain green t-shirt and faded jeans.

"Well you're wearing clothes. They only care about money."

"So do I owe you after this?"

"Of course not dear."

Lena switched off the engine and they stepped out the car. They walked up the stone ramp that led to the one-sided glass door. Lena pulled one side open and said "After you."

It was a bar and lounge. The dimmed lamps shone enough light to reveal faces and sequins. Some sat on couches, some stood in corners, some sat on stools at the bar. Ariel was surprised to see that the place was full of people at midnight. Lena noticed how her eyes studied everything. Ariel was fascinated and a little scared at the same time.

They walked over to the bar and sat on the two empty stools that were available.

"I can't believe I agreed on this."

"You didn't have to. You don't like it? I know it must be at least a little overwhelming."

"It's not that. I can't believe I agreed to drink with you."

"What happened at the beach won't happen again, if that's what you're afraid of. And it's just wine, anyway."

The bartender knew Lena. Apparently she was a regular.

"Hello Miss Lucky," she said. "How are we doing tonight? I see you brought a partner. That's new."

"We're on a date," said Lena, stroking Ariel's back.

"Oh," said the bartender, surprised. "What can I get you miss?" She gave Ariel an admiring smirk.

"Oh, um..." she turned to Lena.

"Pick which one you like from the shelf dear." To the bartender she said "We'll be getting a bottle."

Ariel chose a bottle of Yellow Tail sangria. Lena smiled. "You picked a strong one," she said.

The bartender poured their drinks in wine glasses and added chips of green apples and a cherry in each, then left them to attend to others sitting at the bar.

"Are there supposed to be fruits in here?" said Ariel.

"They're just additives. They go well with sangria. Good choice, by the way."

"Why did you tell her I was your date? And why did she call you 'Miss Lucky'?"

Lena chuckled. "She's been flirting with me since the first night I came here. And there were a few women as well as men over the past months who tried to get my number, so she thinks I'm 'lucky.'"

"Well you are a bombshell."

Lena turned away and blushed. "I love hearing that from you."

Lena ordered mozzarella sticks while they sipped their wine.

"I can't stay with you when the semester ends."

"I know. Are you going to tell your parents what happened?"

"No. Absolutely not. They'll take me out of school."

"I don't want you going back to that place. It reeks of misogyny."

"I have no other choice."

"And what about Tricia?"

"I don't know. I don't want to see her."

Lena sighed as she contemplated a month without Ariel.

"Let me talk to your parents."

"What? No."

"I don't have to tell them the truth. I'll make up a good story. But let's leave it for now. As the time draws closer we'll discuss in detail."

The mozzarella sticks arrived. Alcohol gave them an appetite, so they heartily ate the ten mozzarella sticks they shared between them.

"That was amazing," Ariel said when they were finished.

"That's why I always come here."

They had spent almost two hours at Oasis. It was almost half two when they got back in Lena's car.

It was a ten minute drive back to Lena's house. They finished the bottle together back in the kitchen.

Ariel was surprised that Lena could drive without an issue when she drank so much back at the bar. She might have deliberately drove slower because she was aware of the alcohol content. Now her eyes were a little red as she watched Ariel gulp down the last drops.

"We should go to bed," said Lena.

They walked up the stairs together. Ariel walked in the direction of her room, Lena miserably walked to hers. As Ariel opened the door, she spotted a large black spider sitting on the curtain. She quickly turned away and headed for Lena's room.

"Um, Lena?" she said, knocking on the door.

Lena opened it. "Yes?"

"There's a huge spider..."

"Those damn big ass spiders...I really don't think I can take care of it now. I've drank too much. Miriam would be asleep now..."

"Can I sleep in one of the other guest rooms?"

"They don't have sheets on the mattresses. It would be too much of a hassle to get them now. You must be tired too. Get yourself in here."

Ariel had no choice. Before she even stepped inside Lena had grabbed her arm and pulled her in. She slammed the door shut. Ariel leaned against the door in fear as Lena walked into her closet and came out with a robe. It was satin.

"Put it on."

"Can you give me some privacy?"

"Oh, sorry." Lena turned. She was too tired and inebriated to feel any excitement.

"Where can I leave my clothes?"

"Just leave them in the basket over there."

"You can turn around now."

Lena turned and was taken aback.

"The neck line is a little too low," said Ariel.

"That's alright," Lena said, wide-eyed and staring at the small glimpse of golden brown cleavage.

Ariel grew uncomfortable. "Um, which side of the bed do you sleep on?"

"Closer to the window." Lena was still staring.

"Alright I think I'll get into bed now."

Lena watched her walk over to the bed, remove the tucked violet sheets from under the violet pillow, and ease herself in.

"If I weren't so sleepy," Lena thought. But then she violently pushed away any thought of forcing herself on the girl.

For the first five or ten minutes Ariel lay concerned about an inebriated Lena on the other side of the king sized bed. But she soon fell asleep.

Lena on the other hand lay on her side away from the girl, clutching her crotch and trying not to breathe too deeply. She was getting wetter and wetter, and wished to death that the girl would crawl over next to her and initiate something.

She knew she couldn't sleep like this.

She cautiously peeled the sheets from her, trying not to make too much ruffling sounds. She walked to the connecting bathroom and turned on the light. The room became illuminated by various bulbs.

It was a rather large and modern bathroom. She took off her robe and sat on the steps of the Jacuzzi. She spread her legs and stroked her thighs.

She moved her hand over to her folds. She spread them apart and peered down at her aching clit which was surrounded by silver lines of wetness. She put a finger to the side of her clit and rubbed down, shivering from the feeling, but felt she couldn't stay there forever with a screaming clit begging for her attention.

She couldn't help but think of the girl however much she tried not to. She had to give in if she wanted a good orgasm. She finally placed her fingers over the pink enlarged clit and slowly rubbed in the wetness while moaning softly.

Lena's Imagination

They were in the Jacuzzi. The water was clear and Lena could see fully the girl's naked body as she looked down. Lena's back leaned against the wall of the Jacuzzi. Her legs were spread, the water covered half of her thighs. Ariel sat on Lena's pelvis, her back leaning against her breasts. Lena rubbed the girl's aching clit slowly while she moaned and struggled. But Lena kept her in place with one arm around her stomach and one leg locking hers.
