 Resting a hip against the bumper of her jeep, Kairi watches the gray haze of morning tinge green as the sun peaks over the mountainous horizon. With a soft sigh she pulls on her day pack. The lot at the beginning of the trail is empty except for her Jeep. Closing her eyes for a minute she listens to the soft click of limb on limb as the light breeze ripples around her, the leaves whispering as they sway with the branches. 

Shrugging her shoulders she feels the weight of the pack settle. With little more than water, lunch, a change of clothes, small towel, sweatshirt, and a flashlight. She nudges away from the Jeep, gently pushing past the trees overhanging the path, and starts ambling along. With every step she feels the dust cloud up around her boots noting that it's been a while since rain has passed through this area at all, the short scrub oaks offering hardly any shade as she makes her way along the trail. Reaching out a hand she lets the leaves slip over her fingers feeling them brush waxy and dry over her skin. 

Long auburn hair teased away from her face and gliding down her back in a loose braid, sunglasses, perfectly obscuring her light green eyes, and long lashes. Her Lithe athletic form clothed in a khaki tank top, hiking shorts (the pockets bulging with a small first aid kit, and weatherproof matches), white anklets peeking out just over the top edge of her hiking boots. She moves with a feline grace covering the distance quickly. 

Stopping at a high point on the trail she sits down her legs swinging lightly back and forth against the ledge to take in the tree covered valley below. Kairi's heels beating against the rock causing a racket of small rocks and dust to clatter down the face of the mountain trail. Turning her head slightly she traces the path with her eyes, watching it curve down away from her in a soft crescent and disappear into a small copse of trees. With her mouth set in a thin line of concentration she can almost hear the crash of a small waterfall down below.

Leaning back on her hands and taking a deep breath she feels the sun glide over her skin. The light breeze making goose bumps rise from the sweat lingering there. Gingerly she finally retreats from the ledge overlooking the valley and rubs her hands together. The light orange almost blush dust, clouds, and falls from them. Reaching back she brushes stray pebbles and dust from her butt and starts walking again. 

Finally reaching the small copse and the cool shade it has to offer, Kairi continues following the trail until it leads her to the small Waterfall. She watches as the water tangles with the pool at its base, droplets of water glimmering in the sparse sunlight to fall back in ripples along the surface of the dark pool. Walking to a large flat boulder near the pool she takes off her pack and pulls out a bottle of water drinking down three quarters of it before pausing to look around to see if she's totally alone. 

With a soft smile curling her petal lips she takes off her sunglasses, pouring the rest of the bottled water over her hands washing them, then she slowly works her hair free from the thick loose braid. Her fingers combing through it feeling her locks fall in in soft curls around her oval face, her braid having made it springy compared to her usual straight locks. 

Listening to hear if there is anyone nearby she starts shrugging out of her clothes. Sitting on the edge of the boulder she first takes off her shoes and socks tucking them inside. Then standing on the moss covered edge of the pool she steps out of her shorts tossing them on the boulder, followed by her panties, tank top, and Bra. Standing there naked she slowly enters the pool, getting used to the chill.

Feeling the goose-bumps rise up the length of her body she shivers and lifts her hands up over her head as she slowly crouches deeper into the water. With a soft spring she dives in skimming just below the surface. The lily white of her skin a sharp contrast to the dark shade of the trees around her, her body striped with the few rays of light that filter through the thick limbs as she swims. 

Surfacing just before she gets to the fall she takes a deep breath and dives back under, feet fluttering wildly pushing her down beneath the force of the falling water. When her hands touch the algae covered rock bottom she spins quickly and pushes off with her feet, deftly surfacing up under the fall. Her hands blindly searching along the rock face, for the ledge she knows is there. 

With fingers folding over the wet gritty edge, she pulls up turning during the pull so she can sit on the small ledge, her butt resting precariously, wiggling back until her shoulder blades are pressed into the rock bare feet swinging back and forth to kick at the falling water. Feeling it cascade and pull at them attempting to draw her back out into the fall. The cool water coating her skin in small droplets as it falls towards the pool.

Closing her eyes she folds her arms and rests her head back against the rock wall. Kairi's body shivers tearing through her with the cool humid air behind the fall. Her skin coated in a glaze of water from the fall. Taking another deep breath she pushes her heels into the rock and slips down under the water again letting it crash over her, pushing till her toes rest on the bottom. Feeling a few bubbles leak from her nose she settles down and springs off the bottom legs rocking together in a quick undulation shooting out of the water waist high.

In the few seconds it takes for the water to clear from her ears she hears a muffled cat call just before she slips back under the surface of the pool. Kairi's face flushing with the realization that she's not alone in this secluded place naked, shaking her head in frustration under the water she slowly surfaces and lets just her head bob to the surface taking a breath of air as she looks towards the shore seeing a dark figure leaning casually against the boulder near her clothes.

Stroking her arms through the water slowly only her shoulders and head revealed above the surface of the pool the lids of her eyes tightening as she looks at the figure, noticing that they are average height and clothed in light hiking gear as she had been. Stopping about 20 feet away she stands on the bottom of the pool the rest of her body still concealed in the darkness of the water. Biting her lip as she decides what to say, she hears a soft lilting voice carrying easily to her ears.

"Hey you're not a Naiad are you?" the whole statement colored with a bit of impending laughter. 

Cocking her head slightly Kairi smirks and says. "Not that I'm aware of, I just wanted to cool off after the hike up here strange I didn't see anyone on the trail with me." 

With a soft chuckle the figure responds. "Well that's an easy answer I was following you from a distance. Since the first time I laid eyes on you I wanted to meet you."

Shifting uncomfortably in the cool water, Kairi sighs and feels a blush heat her cheeks. "Well then you are at an advantage. I don't believe I've seen you before and I'm kind of trapped in the water. If you didn't notice all my clothes are on the boulder beside you." 

Taking a step back from the boulder the figure responds. "Well it's not like I'm holding them hostage if you're cold feel free to come get dressed."

Feeling her lips curl down in chagrin Kairi slowly walks towards the shore, water shedding from her skin and hair in rivulets, her long auburn hair flowing down her back almost reaching her sculpted ass. Kairi crosses her arms over her heavy breasts feeling her hard nipples press into the skin of her forearms eyes gliding over the woman standing next to her clothes. 

Light accenting her blond hair plucking the highlights and perfectly accenting her steel blue eyes, noticing that they are both almost the same height Kairi sighs and turns reluctantly taking her eyes off the beauty beside her to look for her pack and dragging it to her. Teeth biting into her lip as she pulls the small towel from inside. Toweling off briskly and tucking her hair up in it. 

Pulling on her thong and sports bra she turns back to the woman saying softly. "I can't imagine what would inspire someone as lovely as you to follow me all the way up here just to meet me. My name is Kairi by the way." 

Offering her hand a smile curling her lips she says. "Hi, it's nice to meet you Kairi. I'm Bayle." watching as the corner of her mouth lift in a grin she continues. "Obviously, you don't see yourself clearly Kairi."

Shrugging softly and dropping Bayle's hand. Kairi turns and pulls the towel from her hair gently working it through the wet folds, laying it on the boulder she rests a hip against it and drags a vented brush through hair. Green eyes shifting back to Bayle taking her in from head to toe. "I'm just wondering what you think is going to happen out here in the middle of nowhere Bayle?"

Rather than answer Bayle's blue eyes flash mischievously and she takes a step closer her hand lifting to trace the line of Kairi's jaw with her fingertips. Thin long fingers sliding back into Kairi's wet hair, to fist and pull her into a deep wet kiss. Gasping in surprise Kairi feels Bayle's tongue tease into her mouth and sighs softly when it flicks over hers. 

Feeling instantly turned on Kairi rests her hands on Bayle's hips drawing her close. With the smooth texture of Bayle's skin under her hands, she gently slides them up under the short tank top drawing her deeper into the kiss. Bayle's free hand resting half curled against Kairi's shoulder, her nails scratching lightly over the smooth curve of her shoulder. 

Panting Bayle gently tugs on Kairi's hair breaking the kiss. With her Steel blue eyes locked on Kairi's light green, she brushes her hands down Kairi's sides and then back up, gently tugging her sports bra off over her head whispering. "It took all my willpower not to stop you from putting this back on Kairi." Tossing it back onto the boulder her hands cup settling breasts and rolls her tongue around each hardening nipple.

Instinctively Kairi tangles her hands in Bayle's hair holding her against her breasts. Gasping and panting as Bayle takes both her taunt nipples into her mouth rolling them in her teeth, fingers and Palms gently massaging the sides of each heavy breast. Bayle tilts her head back slightly to let her nipples scratch free of her mouth smirking at the soft whimper escaping Kairi's lips.

Softly taking Kairi's nipples back into her mouth she slips her tongue playfully around her aureole and kisses down her belly. Firm hands gently pushing Kairi back into the boulder as her fingers glide down her hips pushing the thong down them. Bayle helps Kairi step out of them and tosses the thong to the rest of her clothes. Bayle's knees hitting the soft moss next to the boulder, sliding her shoulder under Kairi's knee as she lay back onto the boulder. Her other hand slides up and cups her butt moaning softly as her moist dark sex blossoms and the scent of sex fills Bayle's nose.

Kairi's shoulders press into the Boulder through the wet towel she'd just placed there shivering as the sensations tumble through her, lost too much in the feelings to stop the sudden pleasure filling her from head to toe. Even in the cool darkness of the small copse of trees, and the humidity of the falls, she feels a shimmer of heat radiate from within her. Searing away any hesitance as lust takes over her awareness.

Squirming lightly her hips bucking to the soft tease of Bayle's warm breath on her lips and burgeoning clit, Kairi rocks them forward a soft "please" pouring from her lips. Reaching up and back she grasps the edge of the boulder and uses the leverage to press her lips to Bayle's shivering with the need building hot within her. Smiling wryly at Kairi's plea Bayle gently teases the tip of her tongue along the thickening fringe of Kairi's lips moaning as the taste blazes along her tongue and down her throat.

Deftly sliding her other hand up over Kairi's hip she teases her long nail around her clit then strokes the pad of her forefinger along the length of her now hard clit. Watching and feeling each subtle motion of Kairi's building need for fulfillment. Sliding her finger down into Kairi's slit Bayle gathers up some of her juices and then drags them back over Kairi's clit working in slow circles around it until it's glistening and hard the hood pulled back and revealing the beautiful nib.

Growling as her restraint begins to falter Kairi digs her fingers into the boulder feeling the harsh grit and stone not give an inch under her touch. Rocking to Bayle's fingers and face her hips blazing at Bayle's teasing touch. With her lips pulled back in a grimace she whispers. "God Bayle, take me you're driving me crazy."

As she hears this Bayle leans forward and gently teases her tongue around the entrance of Kairi's sex her tongue sweeping inside her as a smile curls her lips, letting the scent and flavor fill her mouth and nose. Hearing Kairi rock to her and grind on her tongue, Bayle pushes deeper till her tongue is fully embedded inside holding deep then slowly starting to bob her head building Kairi's bliss.

Pressing her heels down onto the edge of the bolder Kairi rides Bayle's face Kairi's entire body quivering as the sensations build and tingle up through her hips and along her spine making her rock frantically to Bayle's tongue. Moaning as the orgasm rips through her making her body writhe and buck wildly on the hard rock barely feeling anything but the pleasure. Kairi's mouth and eyes snapping open wide as she screams. "Fuck! Yes! Bayle!"

Bayle slowly pulls her tongue out after drinking all she can from Kairi's core. Each hand massaging either Kairi's Butt or her clit keeping her at climax by moving her fingers, Bayle softly flicks her clit with her tongue and trails it lightly around her sex gathering up every luscious drop. Feeling Kairi rock and grind to her tongue. Turning her head slightly she sighs and slurps first one lip then the other into her mouth sucking them free of lusty juices.

Tenderly kissing each inner thigh Bayle clambers up onto the rock with Kairi and nuzzles close pressing a soft kiss to her lips feeling Kairi snuggle closer and kiss her hungrily back. Her hands gliding into the golden silk of Bayle's hair and holding her to the kiss tasting her bliss from Bayle's tongue. 

Breaking the kiss Kairi trails her fingertips over Bayle's features whispering. "Mm.. It's a pleasure to meet you Bayle." 

Brushing Kairi's fingertips with her lips Bayle whispers back. "The feeling is Mutual Kairi." They continue to lie on the boulder together enjoying each other as the sun shifts across the sky and through the trees.