 Maria followed Nina back to her place after the all-afternoon excursion in the back room of the police station. Because Maria was assigned to the same cruiser all week, she was allowed to use take it home. She was still on duty for a few more hours, but due to her status she could explain away a few lost hours of work.

The rain had started again and the weather service was calling for flash flood warnings and mudslides. Nina's apartment complex was in a ravine and extremely vulnerable to flooding. Nina hadn't heard the warnings due to her situation that day, but Maria was aware of the dangers of the mudslides during this time of the year.

Maria followed Nina up to her apartment condo complex. Upon entering Nina excused herself and ran into her utility closet for some braided rope she kept around. She quickly cut 4 sections and stuffed it into her pants pockets. Her shorts were still damp and she desperately wanted to get out of them.

"Care to join me in a shower first, Maria, I'll make it worth your while?" Nina said. Nina had no intention of sharing her shower just yet.

"Of course dear, let's do it!" Maria said, stripping off her uniform.

"This is a cozy place, Nina do you live here alone?" Maria asked, as she got naked.

The cop hadn't taken off her panties yet as Nina approached her and kissed her passionately on the lips. She immediately grabbed the cop's long dark hair and pulled her down, pinning her on the bed. Maria could've given more resistance but she didn't want to fight this beautiful woman. She deserved whatever Nina would do to her. She felt aroused as Nina threw herself onto Maria's heaving tits and began to tie her to the bed.

Nina rubbed her lovely tits all over Maria's face as the horny cop licked her nipples and sucked on her ample breasts hanging in front of her face. Nina began roping her wrists to the bedposts as Maria enjoyed herself.

"Why are you doing this, Nina?" Maria asked in an annoyed voice, as Nina tied her knots quickly. 

"I want to see you squirm first, Maria I want you to know how I felt back there tied to that post. I'm gonna do whatever I want to you and you can't do anything,"

Nina went into her lingerie drawer and grabbed her fishnet stockings and garters and went into the bathroom to clean her up. In the bath she took two of her wooden clothespins, which she used to hang her wet underwear up to dry, and went back to Maria and clipped them onto her dark brown nipples.

"Owwwww, YOU fuckin' cunt bitch!" The nude cop cried out.

"I knew you'd enjoy that, how does that feel now?" Nina asked in delight.

The sensuous highway cop was actually quite aroused by the intensive pain on her nipples. She hadn't been on the receiving end of this type of behavior in years and felt her clit tingle with arousal as she watched Nina stomp around her place.

There were a few more preparations to do before she got down to business. She found a few roaches around and lit one up inhaling its aromatic smoke, which made her relax and get focused on what she wanted to do to this hot policewoman. Nina was going to miss that entire good weed she had to dump before she got taken downtown. Now all she could do was to take out her frustrations on Officer Nunez and be satisfied with the result.

But Nina wasn't a mean person; she just wanted to get off with this seductive woman, who happened to pack an automatic. She found a half a joint and lit that one up after the roach expired. She came over to the bed and held it up to Maria's lips as she took a heavy toke and drew it deep into her lungs.

"Ummmnnng.... that's good weed, Nina thanks!" The cop said to her, as she exhaled the smoke out of her mouth.

There was a widescreen TV facing the bed and Nina turned it on and put one of her favorite DVDs with a hot and sweaty lesbian scene for Maria to enjoy while she readied herself for a few hours of sexual torture.

"I think you'll enjoy this while you wait for me, it's one of Lisa Legg's great scenes!" Nina said. Then she left her alone and went back into the adjoining bathroom to finish her preparations.

Nina loved her black fishnets and she knew that Maria would also get aroused by the sight of her with black lace garters, fishnets and her silver stiletto heels with no thong, Nina, played with her pussy lips and made her labia hang out just a bit more than usual. Nina put on her black and red lacy push up bra, which gave her gorgeous tits even more presence and thrust them out for maximum impact. She also wanted the horny cop to see her extended labia as wet as she could make it to tempt her to the point of pain. Then Nina would go down on her and suck her savory mound into submission.

The sound of the wind and rain increased on the windowpanes, sheets of rain splashed down the gutters of the two-story housing apartment complex. A layer of mud had already covered most of the parking lot near the high wall of one side of the ravine.

Nina peeked her head out the bathroom door and saw Maria writhing on her bed to the hot lesbian scene as it played itself out on the widescreen TV. Maria had managed to loosen the ropes that tied her wrists to the bedpost but her legs were still splayed apart and her cunt was extremely moist from watching the porn.

"Hey, this is one of my favorite flicks why can't you let me go we can have more fun if you let me touch you too, Nina?"

"Because its payback time Maria, and you're it!" Nina said, as she sauntered out of the bathroom and approached the foot of her bed and knelt down and began sucking on Maria's cunt. Then the lust driven dancer stuck three of her fingers into Maria's cooze and fucked her moist love tunnel hard. After only a few seconds of intense three finger fucking, the cop's cunt juices had saturated the satin sheets of her bed. Nina continued on and stimulated her budding clit with her thumb, then slapped the top of her pussymound to agitate her clit into a more excited state.

"Unnggghhh, ohhh, OHHH, Nina make me cum, Nina PLEASE! I'm almost there already!" The horny cop cried out in depraved lust for her captor.

Nina mounted her bed and tightened the wrist tie downs. While she leaned over Maria the horny cop tried to lick her breasts again in unsuccessfully. The woman was so frustrated by not being able to be in control for a change. 

Nina wanted to rub her nipples on Maria's clit first and then sit on her face and smother her mouth and nose with her cunt but first she had to suck on those luscious nips that had been pinched severely with the clothespins. Nina took off one at a time and surrounded the swollen nipple with her warm tongue,

"Oh, suck my nips babe, yeah make them moist again, ummmmnnn,"

Nina did the other one, savoring Maria's sweet brown skin. Then she slapped her face hard. It left a red mark on the side of her pretty face.

"Don't think you're gettin' off easy now OFFICER NUNEZ, after fucking up my good weed and messing with my head to-day!"

"Oh come on Nina please fuck me already I know you want to fuck me, fuck me HARD!"

"Not yet, you cunt!"

Nina went to the edge of her bed where Maria's bare ankles were tied to the bedposts and took the satin sheet and wiped off her big toe and began licking it. Nina Surrounded the large digit with her lips, licking and sucking on it passionately as if it were a man' big cock.

"Oooohhhhh, yes Nina, how did you ever know I love to get my toes sucked?"

"Lesbian instinct," Nina replied as she continued to suck on her juicy toes. 

The highway cop arched her back in lustful ecstasy while Nina sucked on her toes. Her pussy was so ready to be taken, she knew she's need very little stimulation now to get herself to orgasm, but Nina wasn't going to be that straightforward.

"I can't take this much longer, Nina I'm going crazy, I want you to fuck me NOW!" Maria screamed at her. Nina resisted but wanted to kiss her again and make love to her all night long. Deep inside this she knew that Maria was the kind of woman she'd been looking for all along.

Nina went to her toy drawer and put on her favorite strap on cock. She strapped it on quickly and undid Maria's ropes and ordered her to hang her legs off the side of the bed.

"Oh, yes fuck me now Nina fuck me hard with your giant cock!" Maria said in a hoarse voice, tired from screaming at her newfound lover. Maria also knew that Nina was her kind of lover and she was enjoying all of this pain as a byproduct of their new fondness for each other.

Nina inserted the phallus and grabbed Maria's luscious arms and pulled her body towards her as she fucked her waiting pussy.

"Unnggnnh, oh. Oh.oh, yes YES FUCK ME!!!" Maria screamed to her.

Nina fell forwards a bit and Maria kissed her and held her close as they merged their pussy juices together with a huge phallus between them. Maria manipulated her body so that Nina could continue to fuck her as hard as she could.

"Oh fuck.oh fuck yes YES ohhhh, OHHHHHahhhHHHCUMMMINNGGGGHH!!" A glob of Maria's love juices dripped from around the phallus onto the satin sheets and Nina went down and sucked her clit hard and made her cum a few more times.

By now the wind driven rain noise was almost a constant distraction and Nina got up and looked out the clouded window of her kitchen, which looked out at a retaining wall which was separated the steep hillside from the front of the condo. The muddy water was streaming over the 5ft cement wall and had breached the entire wall a few yards away. Boulders were rolling into the front of the complex from cliffs above. Luckily the cars were on the other side of the complex and Nina quickly ran to the other side of her apartment to see what the status of the parking lot was.

"We're okay for now, but we might have to get out of here if it gets much worse, Maria," Nina was hoping that they'd be okay and be able to spend the night. But things just got worse.

"I might have to tie you up again and leave you while I return my rental car and get my own car back,"

"Are you fuckin' with me? Maria said. She knew Nina was fucking with her head.

"Shit, we'd better get out of here, get your clothes!" Nina said, not a second to early.

A large tree branch came through the window just then and smashed the window to shards of glass and turned the bathroom into a muddy mess of leaves and glass. A cold wind pushed rainwater into the room and it looked as if that retaining wall was going to give any second allowing mud and rocks to crush anything in its path.

Nina grabbed a few valuables and her available money and keys and they both ran down the stairs as other residents also were evacuating the condo. 

The wall gave way a few seconds before and tons of thick mud came rushing towards them, knocking them down. Maria fell on her side and Nina went down too trying desperately to get a good foothold as the streaming mud and water was already up to their knees. 

"Run for the cruiser!" Maria shouted.

"I'm stuck in something, Maria, help me!" Nina cried to her.

Maria somehow got to her leg and freed her from a few rocks that had jammed against her foot. The two strong women engaged their survival adrenaline and made it to the police cruiser just in time

"Fuck! Get into the cruiser Nina, we'll have to come back for your car later," Maria said they got into the black police car. Maria started it up quick and threw on her rear high intensity LED lights, which popped out of the front and rear decks inside the car.

The waters and mud slides made it tough to navigate to the road but once they got to the road they were okay and Maria drove the cruiser to a small mall where she stopped an took in what just happened to them.

The two of them were covered in mud and Nina's top was ripped allowing her shoulder and right breast to be partially uncovered.

"You're beautiful Maria," 

Nina turned to Maria and put her hand onto Maria's hand as she grabbed the shift lever. 

" I want to make love to you now Maria and make you by bitch forever,"

Maria leaned over to her and they kissed passionately, their tongues exchanging As the cop fondled Nina's erect nipple and put her hand down into Nina's muddy pants, the dancer said,

"Can you take me back to your place now?

"Then you can tie me up and take your reward for saving my life today!"

Nina smiled at her new lover and they drove to Maria's home to make love the rest of the night.

THE END