 I was actually very surprised at my alcohol intake.  Being only 19, I was still going strong at 4am on a, now, Sunday morning.  My name is Monica, and this is my best friend’s hen night.

It started the moment we landed in Prague, the town renowned as the best place to have a stag night, we wanted to know why, so us five girls took the hen night here.  Now we knew!  The alcohol was cheap, and the clubbing was amazing!  

Dancing away to some banging techno at a night called Mega at Club Roxy, we had had about ten beers each, numerous shots, many lines of some white powder we believed was coke, and each done a couple of pills of E.  But we were beginning to tire from dancing and decided to go somewhere else.

We walked through the medieval town, round the streets until we found a bar that picked our fancy of Tamara, it was her turn.  

“This one’ll do!” She exclaimed.

“Nightclub Amour? Sounds like a brothel to me.” Sally said.

“Nonsense!” Tanya, the one who’s getting married, said.  “Let’s go in!”

We went inside and found a place to sit down.  To me the place looked like a brothel, and the group of ten women dressed in sexy lingerie led me to believe it really was, but I was too drunk to do anything about it.

“We would like some champagne please!” Kelly announced.

One of the sexy girls stood and walked over to our tables.  She was dressed in an extremely sexy red lace and satin teddy, and matching self-hold suspenders.

“We are actually closed now and we were about to lock up, but we weren’t going anywhere, so if you would like to stay and drink, we can lock the door, if you don’t mind us joining you?”

Tamara seemed over the moon. “See!  Yes, that’d be lovely.”

The girl was called Sandra.  She brought over the champagne, and pulled the tables and chairs together.  I thought it quite strange that instead of them all sitting together in one group, they actually each sat in between us or around us.

However, the mood improved and soon we were all talking about the hen night etc.  The girls were saying they hate stag nights.  “The drunk men can be so rude!  But anyway, you are the first hen party we have had in here.” Sandra explained.

“We don’t get many women in here at all, but we get some occasionally.” Another girl sitting next to me said.  Her name was Katka or Kate as she liked to be called.

I decided to ask the question which was on most of our lips. “Is this a brothel?”

The girls burst out laughing.  “You mean you didn’t know?” When Sandra said this, Tamara spat out her champagne in laughter.

“You mean we’ve walked into a brothel??  HAHA!” She laughed, then we all did.

So we got talking about their experiences and such with customers.  How some of their customers had actually fallen in love with them. 

“How much do you normally charge?” Kelly asked.

“About 1000 crowns for a blowjob, 2000 for one hour of full sex, 3000 crowns for S/M treatment and anything kinky.” Sandra explained.

“So that’s about 20 pounds for a blowjob? Wow.” I said, thinking how cheap it was.  

All of a sudden I felt a hand on my leg, rubbing it slowly; it was Kate’s.  I looked up at her but she wasn’t even bothered by it.  She didn’t even seem to notice she had her hand on my leg.   Then suddenly I felt another hand on my other leg.  It was Sandra, both were rubbing my legs.  Soon I felt both of them tugging at my skirt under the table.

I decided to take action, and I pushed their hands gently away.

“Don’t get scared.” Sandra whispered in my ear, and they both but their hands back on my lap.  

Tanya asked a question I didn’t expect.  “How much do you charge to, you know, do it with a woman?”

The girl next to Tanya smiled.  “Normally, 2000 czk, 40 pounds, but as we said, we are closed, so anything we do now is free of charge.  Just think of it as our gift to you.”

Tanya, who seemed to be having a little trouble speaking stood up and lowered her skirt which was nearly at her waste, and pulled at the hands of the two girls either side of her.  

“Tanya, what’re you doing??” Sally asked, as surprised as I am.

“I’m going to enjoy being single one last time.”

With that, Tamara stood and said, “I’m going to get me some pussy!”  The two girls which sat with her lead her to a bedroom.  

The remaining prostitutes stood.  The ones near Kelly whispered something into her ears and each kissed her on the mouth.  Kelly smiled and left towards a room.  

The ones with Sally tried to convince her to go with them to a room but she refused to go.  “I’m not like that,” she complained, “are we Monica?” 

“Sorry Sally, I want to give this one a try.”

Sally looked shocked when I said that; so shocked in fact that she stood and walked with the girls to the bedroom without knowing it.  

I stood and turned to face the girls.  Sandra was a tall, thin creature, who was so beautiful she could capture the hearts of anyone and everyone, but her long dark hair was styled in such a way that she looked like a minx.  Kate was just as gorgeous, with her flowing blonde hair, and massive breasts.  Both had waist like mine, very thin, with small tight buttocks.  

We kissed.  First Sandra, then Kate.  Then they led me to a bedroom.  As we passed Sally’s room, we stopped. The door was still open; Sally was now naked and had her arms around one of the girls as they kissed.  The other girl was kissing her neck from behind.

We continued past the other rooms.  Tanya’s door was open too.  She was lying on the bed as one of the girls fucked her with a strap-on and the other sat on her face and made Tanya lick her pussy.  

I was extremely wet as we finally entered our room.  The moment the door was shut, Sandra threw me against the wall and kissed me hard.  I wrapped my arms around her as I felt Kate kiss my cheek and force a hand up my skirt and down my panties.  

“Oh god! Wow!” I screamed, as I felt Kate’s fingers enter my soaking pussy.  Sandra pulled my tank top up and off me, then she unlatched my bra, letting it fall from me and onto the floor.  Kate pulled my knickers right down and of, that was followed by the skirt.  Then I was pulled to the bed.

Lying on the bed, Sandra leaned in to kiss me on the lips, as soon as she pulled away Kate replaced her.  The girls then stripped out of the lingerie they were wearing.  I sat up as they both kneeled down in front of me.  I took one of Sandra’s nipples in my mouth and used my right hand to rub her clit.  My left hand went to Kate’s right breast.

Sandra pushed me back down on the bed and put two cushions under my head.  Then she lowered her pussy to my mouth.  As I started to slowly lick around her clit and pussy, I felt Kate’s mouth latch on to my pussy.  

I decided to put more intensity into my licking, and I soon heard the response I was after from Sandra. “PANEBOZE!!!” Which I took to mean something along the lines of ‘oh my god!!!’.  

Soon I felt her cum dribble down into my mouth as she grabbed onto my head, pulling it further against her pussy.  The whole thing was so intense that I let out an almighty scream and came full force into Kate’s mouth.

We all collapsed together, hold each other tight.  “Wow, that was great!”

“You have never been with a woman before?” Kate asked.

“No, but I have thought about it before.”

“All women think about it.  It is natural to feel attracted to nice things.” Sandra explained.

“I suppose you’re right.  So, what next?” I gave my sexiest Cheshire cat grin.

Sandra leaned towards a set of drawers and pulled out a strap-on dildo.  “This is next!”

“Looks great.” I laughed.

Sandra strapped the dildo on, and to be honest, it looked fucking sexy on her.  

“Katka, you go and sit against the headboard and spread your legs.  Monica, go on your knees, but place your lips on Katka’s pussy.” I did as I was told and began licking and sucking at Kate’s pussy.  My arse was high in the air and I soon felt the dildo start to enter my pussy from behind.

Sandra continued pushing the dildo into me, then once all eight inches were in, she began slowly fucking me.  I felt her hands on my hips.

As I was licking Kate, she leaned over and felt my breasts, at the same time Sandra leaned over as she fucked me to kiss Kate.  Soon Sandra gained speed and I couldn’t concentrate on Kate’s pussy anymore.  Kate saw this and was fine with it.  She made me get on my hands, then hold on to her.  

I had my eyes closed and was screaming all sorts to Sandra.

“Fuck me!  Yeah, make me your bitch! OH! That’s so good!  Better than a real cock!”
I felt Kate giving me a love bite on my neck, but I didn’t care.  I was in ecstasy!  “OH GOD!!!!!!!!!!!”  I came hard.  

Once again we all tumbled down together and took a breather.

“Kate, I’m so sorry I didn’t make you cum.  Please give me the chance to repay you.” I told her.

“Okay.  Use the penis.” She said.

I took the strap-on off Sandra and strapped it to myself.  We finally got into a similar position than before, this time Kate was in the middle and I was doing the shagging.  I pushed the penis into her in one swift move, then grabbed her shoulder with one hand, and held her hip with the other.  I began fucking her hard and fast.  I don’t think I was going more than thirty seconds when she let out an almighty scream and came.  I was slowing down, but she screamed she wanted more.  So I rammed it back in again and continued my assault on her vagina.  

She came three more times in the space of ten minutes, the last time, I came too, from the other end of the strap-on and also from the excitement.  Sandra was the last to cum, but when she did, I was sure all the girls heard it.  

We collapsed together, kissing and cuddling, then finally drifting off to sleep. 

It was actually Sally who woke us up at 3pm.  She jumped on top of the bed and shook us all.

“Wake up sleepy heads!  It’s gone three!” She shouted.

We stirred out of our sleep, rubbing our eyes.  It took m a few seconds to remember where I was.  Jesus, I slept all day, in a brothel, between two gorgeous prostitutes, who just happened to give me my first lesbian experience, which just so happened to be the best sexual experience I had ever had.  No wonder I suddenly had that Cheshire cat grin again.  

We all sat up and yawned.  Then I turned to Sandra and gave her a long, slow, wet kiss, then gave the same to Kate.  

“Hey, what about me??” Sally complained.

“Sally, we’ve been friends since primary school!”

“All the more reason to give me a big fat kiss!” She said, wrapping her arms around my neck and leaning in for a long kiss.  It felt weird but really sexy feeling my life-long friend’s tongue in my mouth.  

Kate and Sandra showed me to the shower.  I was only in there 2 minutes when I was joined by someone, two people in fact.

“So how did you like it?” Kelly asked me, as she and Tamara tried to get under the water. It was strange, I was looking at them sexually now, but I’d seen them naked many times before and it never bothered me; now I was getting horny being next to these amazing women.  

“It was the best sex of my life!” I announced.

They grinned.  “Us too.” They said.

Tamara picked up the soap and began soaping up my breasts.  Kelly knelt down while I spread my legs for her.  She began licking at my pussy and pushing up some fingers.  I began rubbing Tamara’s cunt we kissed. 

It wasn’t look until we all came and kissed.  As we were drying ourselves off, Tanya and one of the girls she had entered the bathroom.  They were holding hands, walking naked.  The girl seemed shy.  

“Everyone, this is Pavla.” Tanya announced, as they both got into the shower and closed the doors.  I watched them wrap their arms around each other.

Sandra had made us all coffee when we arrived in the seating area.  We talked for awhile about different things.  Sandra eventually decided to get up and come and sit on my knee.  Kate, who was sitting next to me, looked up and smiled at both of us.  They had been talking about something, but I wasn’t sure what.

 I looked over at Tanya, who was kissing and cuddling was Pavla. I began to wonder what was going on, they looked like lovers, but then again Sandra and I probably did too because she was nibbling at my neck.  

“You are so beautiful.” She told me.  

“You too.” I replied, nonchalantly.  

She looked straight into my eyes.  Looking up at her, I realised that she really was beautiful, but not in a way that I would think someone on the telly was beautiful, I really did feel attracted to her.  

“I meant that I think you are very beautiful.” She said, slowly, as if trying to make it clear to me.

I leant close to her ear and whispered, “I know what you meant, and I think you are the most gorgeous creature to walk this planet.  I also think you are falling in love with me, aren’t you?”

She nodded, still smiling.

“Well, I think I might be falling in love with you too, but I’m a bit confused at the moment.  I’ll need to think this through.”

“I understand Moni.  I do love you.  I think you are kind, nice, and very sexy.”

We kissed deeply and only broke because the others started to whoop.  

Some of the other girls got up, saying they had better go home otherwise their, boyfriends/girlfriends/parents, might start worrying.  Kate was one of those who had to go.

“Sorry, but I have a girlfriend to get home to.” She said, with a sad smile.

I stood and hugged her tight.  “That’s okay, it was great to have met you.” Then to the others.  “All of you, you’ve been great.  Thank you.”

We said our goodbyes, and out of the ‘working girls’ we were left with Sandra, who was with me; Pavla, with Tanya, and Sally’s new friend, Linda.

“Sally,” Tamara said, “I thought you were firmly against all homosexual relationships?”

Sally shrugged.  “After last night, I realised how stupid I was.”

“But what about Peter?” Peter was her boyfriend.

“What about him?”

“Well, won’t he mind you being with another girl?”

“He need never know.”

We all laughed at Sally’s new liberated self.  

After we finished our coffees, we went to an Irish pub to get some dinner/breakfast…  Tanya and Pavla were cuddling as much as Sandra and I were.  Linda and Sally occasionally kissed, but then again, Sally and Linda pretty much wanted to kiss with all of us. 

We spent most of the evening chilling out, and sight seeing, before going back to our hotel.  I asked Sandra to spend the night with me, which she humbly accepted.  Sally asked Linda, but Linda said she really had to go home.  Tanya and Pavla disappeared to their room as fast as possible.

When I was alone in the bath with Sandra, I decided to ask her about Pavla and Tanya.

“Well, Adela spent the night with them too and she told me that those two seemed to hit it off straight away.  They weren’t even too bothered about Adela being there.  Adela didn’t mind, she thought it was cute.”

“Oh.” I said by way of reply.  Sandra was lying between my legs with he head on my breasts.  I felt good having her there.  I had been in that position with numerous boyfriends, but it felt best now, with Sandra.  I couldn’t believe what I was feeling.

“How long have you been working, you know as a…?”

“As a prostitute?” Sandra asked, laughing at my nervousness.  “Nearly two years now.  I’ll be twenty soon, so soon after that.  It’s not really legal here, it’s just not illegal, if you understand?”

“Yes, I think so.”

“Well, it’s not that bad.  I am always well protected.  We normally have a bouncer there, who carries a pistol.  He left just before you came this morning.  If we don’t like the look of a client, then we ask him to leave, or we make up an excuse.  I don’t want to do it anymore though.  I want to go to university.  I passed all my exams, and now I have plenty of money.”

I was rubbing her breasts and pinching her nipples as we lay there silently for a few moments, then I spoke.

“Sandra?”

“Yes?”

“Come back to England with me.”

She sat still.  “Say that again please.”

“Come back to England with me.  Live with me there.  You can go to university or college there, you can find a good job, but mainly be with me.  I want you there with me, next to me in bed.”

She flipped over and crawled up to my face, then put a foam covered finger to my lips to silence me.  

“Shhhhh, you silly girl.” She kissed me lightly on the lips.  “I don’t need convincing.  I will give up everything to be with you.  Yes, I’ll come back with you!”

I grabbed her and hugged tight.  Out mouths locked together.  Then we both jumped out of the bath, giggling. We rubbed each other dry and ran to the bedroom.  

I picked up the phone and called the airline company.

“Hello, yes my name is Monica Laurent, I’m booked on tomorrow’s flight from Prague to Stansted.  I’d like to know if there is an available space.  There isn’t??  Oh, okay, thanks.”

I was really upset.  But then I said, “Fuck it!  We’ll just catch a later flight.”

We quickly put on dressing gowns.  I put one of the hotel ones on, because Sandra was already wearing my dark blue satin lacy one.  Then we went to knock on Tamara’s door.  But there was no answer.  We then knocked on Tanya’s door.

She opened it, hiding her naked body behind the door.

“Yes?”

“We need to talk to you all about something.  I can’t find Tamara though.”

“Oh okay.  Let us put something on. We have something to tell you all too.”

Soon we were joined by Pavla and Tanya, both wearing sexy nighties. 

I knocked on Sally’s door and was surprised to see it answered by Kelly.  

“Hi!  What’s wrong?” Kelly asked.

“We need to talk to you and Sally.  Have you seen Tamara?” I asked.

Kelly opened the door fully and let us in.  She let Tanya, who was the last one in, close the door, and went back to orgy that was taking place between Sally, Tamara and herself.  Tamara and Sally were in a 69.  Both stopped to say hello, then went back at it.  Kelly sat with her legs spread, strumming her pussy.  She looked at us with a smile that said, who wants some, come get it!

“Girls, break it up.  We have something important to discuss.” I told them.  With a sigh, the broke up and waited.  “Good!” I sat on the edge of the bed, holding Sandra tight.  “I have asked Sandra to come back to England with me.”  I waited for the wows and goshes to finish before continuing.  “I wanted to book a place on tomorrow’s flight for her, but it’s all booked, so we’ll fly later on together.”

Tanya coughed.  “You don’t need to.  You can take my place Sandra.”

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“I’m not going anywhere.  I’m staying here with Pavla.”

“What???  You’re getting married next week!” 

“I’m not.  I phoned Tim and cancelled.  He was pretty peeved and said he was coming over, thought I had another man, but I told him that I had fallen for a girl.  He still wants to come over, but for other reasons now.  I told him I wasn’t interested.  We’re finished.”

“What about your work?” Tamara asked her.

“I’ll try to find a job here doing the same as I was doing.  Until then I’ve decided to join Pavla in the club.  They’ll me one short with Sandra gone anyway.”

“You can’t become a prostitute!” I told her.  “What will your parents think?”

“Who gives a shit what they think!  It’s my life! Now do you want that space or not?”

So that was that.  We phoned the company and changed Tanya’s ticket for Sandra.  Sandra and I went to pick up her clothes and the strap-on dildo of hers from the club.  By the time we got to bed, we were too tired to make love, so we just hugged and fell asleep.


It’s now been a year since we got back, and tomorrow we are planning to fly back to Prague for the third time since then, to see Tanya and Pavla. 

Sandra and I are the happiest couple in the world.  Sandra is studying media in Westminster Uni, near where we live.  Our sex live is major active, and most weekends we don’t sleep thanks to our non-stop love making.  
