 This story is an erotic tale of two women who meet at a bar and begin a very sensual relationship. Was their meeting by chance? Read the story to find out. Please take a few moments after reading to comment on the story, whether you enjoyed it or not. 



The woman sitting at the bar was all alone, and if anyone had been watching her closely, they would have seen that she was not a happy person. At forty two years old, Katie felt like she had lost everything, and she just wanted to have a few drinks by herself and wallow in self pity. 

She had been sitting for nearly ten minutes on the comfortable bar stool, nursing her drink, when a person sidled up to the bar and sat down two seats from her to her right and ordered a light beer. It was a feminine voice, so Katie glanced over and saw that it was a young woman who looked barely old enough to drink. The girl looked at Katie and their eyes met briefly.

Katie looked back down at her drink as the bartender, a handsome man who seemed way too flamboyant to be straight, carried the drink to the young woman and then headed back to the other end of the bar.

"Are you meeting someone?" Katie heard the voice of the young lady to her right asking and she glanced over again before realizing that the woman was speaking to her.

"Ah no, no I'm here by myself." She replied, not really feeling much like getting into a conversation right now.

"Yeah me too. I'm not usually the type of person who just pops into a bar for a drink in the middle of the day, especially by myself, but I just really wanted a beer. Tough morning." She grimaced.

Katie nodded and looked back at her drink. She really didn't know why she was here either. It wasn't because she wanted a drink, she really didn't like the taste of alcohol much. She supposed that it was because the bar was the place that all depressed people went to when they felt really bad, and she felt really bad right now.

"So ah, what about you?" The woman asked, "Do you often come here during the day for a drink all by yourself?"

Katie shot the woman an appalled look, thinking that she has a lot of nerve to ask such a question, but before she had the chance to be very angry, the woman said "I'm sorry, that was out of line. Don't answer that question. I'm not very good at conversations with people I just met at the bar." She sipped her beer and mumbled something under her breath.

Even though Katie was not in the mood to chat with a stranger, she could see that the woman felt genuinely bad, and she thought that it was better to talk with another woman then to sit by herself and wait for some man to try to pick her up. Since showing up, she had already been hit on once by a much older man.

Turning to look at the woman, Katie said "This is the first time I've ever been in this place." and she chuckled.

"Seriously?" The young woman looked on with genuine surprise, and Katie thought that she looked very pretty. She momentarily wondered why such a pretty, young, vibrant woman wanted to talk to a much older woman. This girl was about the same age as her own daughter.

"Yes, I'm serious. I'm not real big on bars either to be honest." Katie replied, shaking her head. "And I really don't love alcohol either." She held her drink up in her hand and swirled it around.

"Then why are you here?!?" 

Katie sighed and her shoulders slumped. For a moment she seemed lost in thought, then she turned back and said "I don't know. I guess it's because the bar is the place that people go to when they find out their spouse is cheating on them." Her lips pursed and she blinked back tears that threatened to spill over her eyelids.

The pretty young lady, showing concern, slid over to the seat next to Katie and said "Oh shit, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to pry."

"It's alright. It kinda feels better to talk about it you know. I haven't talked to anybody, so it's still pretty raw right now." It was strange talking about this with a stranger, but it felt right.

"Well look, if you want to be left alone, I understand, but if you want to talk to someone, I'm a good listener. You don't know me so you can tell me anything, and it might be cathartic to get it all out too. I've got nowhere to be, so...it's up to you." She looked on with raised eyebrows.

After some internal debate, Katie decided that she could trust this young woman and the two moved to a booth to talk. The girl introduced herself as Anne and from there Katie talked about her husband Derek and their twenty one year marriage. She told about finding the incriminating text on his phone and confronting him. She told about how he denied it all at first, but then finally broke down and told her everything. 

"So it turns out that he's been fucking this twenty one year old bimbo for like six months now. Some bitch named Beth, and she knows that he's married too. I was so pissed that I kicked him out. I told him to expect divorce papers to be coming soon."

Anne had sat in silence the whole time, listening intently, and now she finally asked "Have you filed for divorce yet?"

"No. I don't even know if I'm going to. On one hand, I'm so angry with him, I could kill him, but I still love him too, and it seems like such a waste of twenty years."

"You must have a lot of anger toward the other woman."

Sighing deeply, Katie said "When I first found out about her, I wanted to strangle her. After I calmed down though, I realized that she means nothing. I mean if he wasn't fucking her he would be fucking someone else. He's the cheating bastard, and when it comes right down to it, I should be angry with his decision to go outside the marriage."

Anne sat for a few moments in silence, mulling over what she had been told, then said "Maybe you should do to him what he did to you. I mean, he slept with a young woman, you should do the same."

"Oh no, I don't sleep around like that. Besides, how many twenty year old men would want to fuck an old broad like me?" Katie said, taking a long swallow from her drink.

"Oh please, give yourself some credit. You are sexy as hell, and any guy, any age would be all over you, and quite a few women as well."

"Now your just trying to make me feel better." Katie said, giving her the raised eyebrow look.

"No, I'm not." She reached across and took Katie's hand in hers, looked her straight in the eyes and said "I find you very attractive, and I'm only twenty one."

"Are you hitting on me?" Katie questioned.

"What would you say if I was?"

Sitting back in her seat and pulling her hand with her, Katie said "I'd tell you that you are barking up the wrong tree. I'm not a lesbian, which is why I married a man."

Anne sighed loudly and replied "Gay, straight, bisexual, lesbian. We have all these labels that we place on everyone, like everyone belongs in a box. The gays in this box, the straights in here. I don't consider myself a lesbian either. Some days I want big, hard, throbbing, pulsing, sweaty cock. I want to smell it and lick it and suck it and fuck it. Then the next day, I feel like diving in to the slick, silky soft folds of a creamy pussy. I just want to smell it and lick it and drink all her lovely juices."

Katie felt her face blushing as she listened to the pretty woman. She had never in her life been attracted to women in a sexual way, but there was something about this woman that was getting to her. She realized that she had been holding in her breath, listening to the sexy sounds of Anne's voice, and she slowly exhaled through pursed lips. "Well, I ah, I think that I should be going now." She said and started to slide toward the edge of the booth seat. That was when she realized just how wet she had become.

Anne reached over and caught Katie's arm, and when Katie looked up at her, Anne smiled warmly and said "It's okay to try something different you know. It won't mean that you are a lesbian either, just that you are adventurous. I've got a few hours to kill and my place is just around the corner. Why don't you come with me. I'll let you decide how far we go, and if you are uncomfortable, we will stop."

It was so difficult for Katie to think straight at the moment. The last few days had been filled with so many bad emotions, she had lost respect of her husband and probably lost her marriage, her daughter was away at college, and four months prior, she had lost her mother to cancer. Ever since her mom had died, she had felt lost and distant, and intimacy with her husband had become non-existent, the reason that he gave for sleeping around. 

"I...I don't think that...I could do that. I just..."

"Ssshhh, just let yourself go for a change." Anne said, reaching up and caressing the side of Katie's face. "Take a chance and allow yourself to have the most pleasurable experience of your life. I promise you won't regret it."

"But...I've never..." Katie's mind was in a quandary. She knew that she should just get up and leave, she wasn't a lesbian and she wasn't into having sex with strangers, but for some reason, she didn't want to leave. 

"It's okay, I'll teach you." There was something about Anne that Katie just couldn't resist. She was nervous and shaking as she nodded her head and whispered "Okay. I'll try." She almost felt guilty when she said it and nearly recanted, but when she saw the bright beaming smile from Anne, she felt better.

Ten minutes later they entered Anne's apartment, and once the door was shut, Anne turned to Katie and said "Would it be alright if I kiss you?"

Katie's eyes looked at Anne's lips for a second, then back up into her eyes and she nodded. Once again Anne smiled wide and slowly moved toward the older woman. As Anne moved in close, Katie could smell her perfume. It was a familiar smell, but she couldn't remember from where, and it smelled really good. 

The kiss was the most sensuous, erotic kiss that Katie had ever experienced and made her juices flow and her nipples erect. She had never felt such soft lips and when she felt the tip of Anne's tongue touch her lips and slide between them, she almost had an orgasm without any contact. By the time the kiss broke, she was breathing heavy, her eyes closed and her mouth open slightly, the moisture causing her lips to shine in the sunlight through the window.

"Mmm Let's go to the bedroom." Anne said, ushering Katie down the hallway toward the bedroom. Like she was in a dream, Katie allowed herself to be led into the bedroom and over to the bed. It was so strange to be here with a woman, a young woman no older than her very own daughter, who wanted have sex with her, and the strangest thing was, she wanted it too.

Katie sat on the edge of the bed, her body trembling from nervousness, Anne stood in front of her and caressed her face gently, pushing her hair to the side and tucking it behind her ear. She bent down at the waist, tipped Katie's head up, and started kissing her face. Starting at her forehead, she slowly kissed down around her left eye to her cheek. She moved close to her mouth, but then moved away, kissing back along her jawbone to the spot just below her ear. She spent some time gently kissing, licking, sucking and nibbling the sensitive spot, and she could tell by the reaction that Katie was enjoying it.

Anne moved up so her lips were at Katie's ear and she whispered, "Mmm, I want to lick every inch of your sexy body." She felt the older woman shudder, and she grinned as she moved down, licking her neck with her thick tongue.

She wasn't a lesbian, but Katie couldn't remember ever being this turned on before. Her whole body felt like it was melting when Anne was nibbling below her ear, and when she whispered that she wanted to lick every inch of her body, Katie nearly came without touching herself. It was confusing to her, she had never been attracted to women, but she wanted this woman more than anything right now.

Katie felt her shirt being lifted and she willingly raised her arms above her head so that Anne could pull it off. She wore a half cup bra that pushed her breasts up and showed the tops of them, giving the illusion of cleavage. 

"Mmm, you are so sexy." Anne whispered with a smile, her hands slid down to the sides of Katie's breasts as she continued to kiss the older woman on the cheek and below the ear. Her hands moved around Katie's back to the bra latch and she felt the woman stiffen up just a bit. Not wanting to lose her now, Anne quickly slid her mouth around and kissed her. It was a deep passionate kiss and she slid her tongue into the woman's mouth, causing Katie to moan, her breath coming in raged gasps through her flaring nostrils. Meanwhile, Anne's hands unlatched the bra and slid it off Katie's shoulders, dropping the garment onto her lap.

This kiss was even more intense than the first kiss. Anne's tongue was everywhere in Katie's mouth, and at that point, she decided that she didn't care that she was with a woman, and she didn't care that the woman was the same age as her daughter. Her body was responding to every touch as if she was being shocked, and she realized that it hadn't even been this intense the first time she had been intimate with a man. She felt more alive than she had in years and she wasn't about to stop.

Anne noticed a difference in Katie about half way through their kiss. Whereas before, the older woman was stiff and tense, she suddenly became responsive and relaxed. Pulling back from the kiss, Anne leaned down further and kissed the top of Katie's left breast. She hefted the globe in her hand and looked at the perky nipple surrounded by a large, half dollar size, aureole. "Beautiful" she whispered, and gently sucked the nipple into her mouth.

'Heavenly' was the word that came to Katie's mind as to what it felt like having Anne's thick lips wrapped around her nipple. She was so turned on at the moment, that her undies felt soaked from her flowing juices. She felt herself being pushed gently backwards and allowed herself to be lowered to the bed, the pair of lips never releasing her nipple. Anne's tongue swirled around and around eliciting shivers of delight from Katie. She squeezed her thighs together, her pussy throbbing and threatening to go into orgasmic spasms.

Anne was sucking hard on the nipple now, drawing more and more of the breast into her mouth, and it felt so good that Katie wrapped her arms around the girls head and moaned "Oh fuck yeah." Finally, Anne pulled off the nipple, her mouth making a loud smacking sound and leaving a red circle on the top of Katie's breast. 

Lifting up and looking into Katie's face Anne said "Beg me to lick your pussy." She lowered back down and kissed between Katie's breasts.

"Oh God yes, yes lick me please, I want it so bad." Katie breathlessly moaned.

Sliding her body down lower on Katie's body, Anne stopped at her waist and began undoing her belt. Once undone, she unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, then began to tug them down. The jeans were tight, hugging Katie's hips and accentuating her ass, so Anne had some difficulty pulling them down, but she was determined and soon she was tugging them past the older woman's feet and dropping them on the floor.

Once Katie's jeans were off, Anne stood up between her legs and and looked at her whole body. With a sexy smile, she slowly climbed back onto the bed, and up between Katie's legs. Kissing her way up the inside of Katie's thighs, first on side, then the other, Anne slowly, teasingly, made her way closer and closer to the older woman's pantie clad pussy. The panties were getting quite damp in the crotch as Katie's pussy kept leaking her lubricating juices.

As Anne's face moved closer and closer to Katie's sex, she slid her hands up the outsides of Katie's legs until her fingers hooked the elastic band of her undies and she began to tug them down. The front of the undies lowered to the top of Katie's bush and a few stray hairs peeked out. Anne pushed her face into the crotch of the undies and breathed in the moist fragrance, her eyes closing as she inhaled deeply enjoying the wonderful odoriferous scent of sexually excited cunt.

Katie was about to go completely overboard by the time she felt Anne's face pushing against her underwear. She could feel the coolness every time the girl breathed deeply through her nose, the air whistling in her nostrils. She felt something else underneath the cool air and it took a few seconds before she realized the it was Anne's tongue pushing against her panties forcing her labia apart. 

Afraid that she would go crazy if the teasing continued, Katie lifted her head and whined "Oh you're driving me crazy! Please, I need to cum so bad."

This was exactly what Anne wanted and she tugged Katie's underwear the rest of the way down, exposing her fully. Once more she climbed back between the older woman's legs, stuck her long tongue out, and moved it to within centimeters of her pussy. 

Katie desperately wanted to cum and when she saw Anne's tongue moving right up to her pussy, she sighed loudly and dropped her head back to the mattress in anticipation of the blissful feeling, but it didn't come yet. Once again she lifted up to see what the younger girl was doing, and saw that she was slyly grinning at her just inches away from her throbbing cunt. "Is something wrong?" She breathlessly asked, wondering if the girl lost her nerve all of a sudden.

"I want you to give me your word that you will lick my pussy too. I know that you've never done this before, so I thought that you might be hesitant to do me. Promise that you will, and I'll give you the best orgasm you've ever had."

Without a moment hesitation, Katie blurted out "Yes! Yes I'll do it, whatever you want me to do. I promise, just please finish me." 

Anne dove in to the wettest pussy she ever tasted, and began lapping up the succulent juices. She was a woman on a mission, licking all around the labia, but intentionally avoiding the clitoris. She could hear the moans and grunts from above and that pushed her on. Finally, she slid the first two fingers of her right hand inside the fleshy tunnel, and curled them up, searching for her g spot. She knew that she hit it when Katie bucked and sucked in her breath, so that was when Anne went in for the kill.

Katie felt herself being invaded by two slim fingers and the fingers rubbed the top part of the inside of her vagina until they hit a spot that sent a jolt of pure pleasure through her entire body. She jumped as if she had been goosed, and at that instant, Anne clamped her mouth over Katie's swollen clitoris, sucking and flicking the sensitive nub with her tongue, sending her past the point of no return.

"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHFFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKK!!!" Katie wailed as her whole body went ridged and her pussy began the pleasurable spasms of orgasm. She felt the urge to pee suddenly and tried to hold it back. It was so unexpected and with Anne's fingers rubbing inside her, and the intensity of her orgasm so overwhelming, she lost control and squirted some.

"Oh yeah baby, let it go and spray that cum out!" Anne yelled as the spray squirted out around her fingers.

That was when Katie realized that she wasn't peeing at all, she was ejaculating, something that her husband had never been able to coax from her. She felt Anne redouble her efforts and the pressure was back. This time she didn't hold back and pushed like she was urinating. She felt a gush come spraying out and Anne pulled back her face but kept stroking that spot inside her, which helped to extend her orgasm. She opened her mouth in a cry of release then had to push Anne's hand away as the pleasure became too much and the sensitivity too intense. 

Anne stepped away from the bed and went to the bathroom where she picked up a large bath towel and brought it back in to mop up the puddle. She was well aware that she would have to strip the bed and wash it all, but at the moment, she didn't care. She crawled onto the bed beside Katie and stared at the older beauty, watching her come back to earth after her orgasm. 
