 This story contains explicit depictions of a loving and caring relationship. If you find real love offensive, I suggest you find your thrills elsewhere.

* * * * *

I had been away for a few days, unavoidable, but painful nevertheless, we had not spoken, not one word. E-mail was out of the question, there was no facility available, and telephones, except for dire emergencies, were a no-no. You hated them and would not use them.

My mind had been full of you the whole time, some of it good, much of it wonderful, dwelling on our reunion, but some of it had driven me distracted. I had been assailed with visions of you in pain, ill, in distress, alone, and me not being there to comfort you, to help. At those times, usually in the middle of the night, when I could not sleep for want of you and your warmth and softness, it was all I could do not to just jump on the first plane and rush back to you. In daylight hours it was easier to fill my time, get on with the work I had to do, get through this time, and then return to you. But every time I stopped, you were there in my mind's eye. Everywhere I looked, I was surrounded by couples, smiling, laughing, sending invisible signals to each other. It was unbearable. Our being together, our delight in each other, our need for each other was still so new, so intense, that not being together was like a physical pain, for me, at least.

Finally, my tasks complete, I was able to return. To you. 

I have always been impatient, but now, it was as if time stood still, the earth had stopped turning. My journey seemed interminable. But now, I was here. As I stood at the threshold, my heart pounding, suddenly I was stricken with an inexplicable shyness. My legs refused to move, my mouth was dry, I was afraid. Afraid of what I would find on my return. These were the seeds that my mind was feeding me, seeds of doubt.

Finally, taking a deep breath, I opened the door and entered. Placing my bag and coat in the hallway, I made my way quietly to your study, where I knew you would be at this time. My heart was pounding so hard, it must have been audible out in the street. Gently I pushed open the door, and just peeping round the edge, my heart skipped a beat. You were there, just as I had been imagining while I was away. Sitting at your desk, totally engrossed in what you were writing, red hair tumbling down your back, over your soft creamy shoulders. The relief I felt that you were OK, nothing appeared to be wrong, almost turned my legs to jelly, it was all I could do to stand. I grabbed the door-frame, and in that moment of weakness must have made a sound, because your head moved slightly, your frame went rigid, and after a few seconds you turned in your chair and looked directly at me. Such a look, those eyes, those lips, that sweet face. I was so overcome, I could not move if my life had depended upon it. 

For a brief moment, your face did not change, and then your mouth formed into an 'O', as you realised it was me, and I was back. Then the 'O' became a smile, wide, soft and so gentle. You turned your chair fully, rose on those long, long legs, and with a slight stumble, quickly crossed the room to me, stopping uncertainly a few inches from me, a look of concern on your face, a question in your eyes. Reaching out one hand tentatively to touch my face, you spoke, "What's wrong?".

The sound of your voice, the feel of your fingers on my skin, awoke me from my stupor. I took my hand from the doorframe, reached for you, and pulling you into my arms, holding you against me, whispered in your ear, "Nothing, love. Nothing. Not now." I held you this way, against my cheek and shoulder, my arms tight around you, and yours around me, so that you could not see the tears welling in my eyes. Not now. This was a time for smiling and joy. I was back.

Everything had been said in the long, deep, soft kiss that followed our greeting. It had said simply, I missed you. After that kiss, I had taken your face in my hands and just looked at you, taking in every curve, every crevice, every line, making sure nothing had changed in my time away. Nothing had. If possible, you were even more beautiful than when I left you. Then I smiled, wide and happy, and kissed your eyes, your nose, your cheeks, your neck, your ears, greeting each one in turn. "Hullo eyes.............kiss.............. hullo nose.................kiss..............hullo cheek.............kiss.............hullo neck, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, huuuuuullllloooooo neck................kiss................hullo ear....." until, laughing indulgently, you pulled my head down and took possession of my mouth again in a manner which told me in no uncertain terms you were glad I was back, and whispered against my lips, "Hullo, my love." leaving me breathless and overheating.

I bent and scooped my arm under your legs, you gripped your arms tightly around my neck as I swung you around, delighting in your laughter, and dropped us both on the couch, you sitting on my lap, your head nuzzled softly into my neck and shoulder. The couch, pulled up to the fire, was the place where we had spent so much time in the first delicious days together, exploring our feelings for each other, making love, talking, laughing, making more love, reading, eating, just being together. 

You were asking me about my time away, and whether I had got everything done. I briefly said, yes, I had done what I had to do, but did not want to think about those days apart from you. I bent my head to you, and nuzzled my lips against your mouth, my tongue playing along the join, probing, gently urging, until your lips parted and allowed my tongue entry. With a soft moan, your arms tightened around my neck, and I pulled you closer into my arms, and went with my tongue as it searched your mouth for all the tastes and sensation of you. I was becoming intoxicated with the taste, smell and feel of you, after my time away.

Eventually you pulled away from me, and panting slightly, your chest rising and falling in time with mine, you looked into my eyes, "Would you like to eat , are you hungry?" The smile that accompanied these words, told me exactly what you were offering me as sustenance, and I could not wait. 

"Oh I'm hungry love, and yes I want to eat. You. Your skin, your breasts, your mouth, your pussy. Now."

Your smile, and the slight blush to your cheeks told me that I had made the right response, and almost shyly, you lowered your head into my shoulder. Always you manage to surprise me. Shyness. After the times we had shared. I shook my head in amazement, and softly kissed your hair, squeezing you gently. 

"I've been away from you far too long, I need to remind myself of just how beautiful you are, and how wonderful you taste." I also needed to hear again the sounds you make, those wonderful moans and sighs when I touch you. 

You raised yourself up from my lap, and stood in front of me. Then, and only then, did I notice what you were wearing. Soft white camisole, with thin straps, white garter belt, white stockings, heels, and white satin panties. My own little lingerie slut, I had been imagining you dressed like this all the time I was away. Now, it was as if you knew I was on my way home, and dressed just for me. 

My eyes took in the whole of you, moving slowly from the top of your mane, over your face, eyes, cheeks, lips (mmmmmmmmmmmm) slowly over your shoulders, (oh how my mouth watered at the thought of kissing those shoulders), down over your breasts, where I lingered briefly - loving the blush that came to your cheeks - your softly curving waist, swelling hips that just begged to be stroked, dragging my eyes past those panties and what they hid, down your silky thighs, shapely calves, elegant ankles and to your feet. Then back up to your eyes. I saw the matching need in your eyes, and as you held out your hand to me, I took it, stood and walking backwards, allowed you to lead me to our bedroom, trying to look seductive - and succeeding. As if you needed to seduce me. I was in heat for you. I was on fire for you, had been since I had had to leave you days before.

Once in the room, you stopped, but continued to pull me to you, until we were touching, breast to breast, tummy to tummy. Both of us were panting slightly now, the need taking hold, moving everything along quickly. As if a decision had been made, you reached for me, and quickly, with no intent to tease or arouse, released and removed my clothes, until I stood naked before you. I reached for your panties, and kneeling, quickly pulled them down, waiting until you had lifted each foot and flicked the panties aside, before reaching for you. I pulled you to me, my face buried in your pussy, my tongue desperately searching for, and finding the taste I had been craving. My tongue reached as far as was possible in this position, but I needed more. Lifting my head to look up at you, I urged you, "Spread your legs. Now." 

You made no sound, simply did as I asked. With your pussy now wide, I dove back in, and with my hands gripping you tightly around your bum cheeks pulling you close against me, I licked, probed and sucked with a desperation I had never felt before. I could hear you panting and moaning, "Yes, oh god, yes, yes." Those were the sounds that I had missed, the sounds that inflamed me, and I quickly, and sadly not very gently, moved one hand and thrust 3 fingers into your now very wet pussy. "Yessssssssss, yessssssssss" I moved my hand back and forth, deeper and deeper, my lips took hold of your clit, flicking its tip with my tongue as I sucked it into me, and with a strangled cry, your fingers gripping my shoulders in an effort not to fall, you came for me, suddenly, shudderingly, depositing more of your sweet wetness into my mouth and over my fingers. I pushed and sucked, until your hands moved to my head, and gently urged me away from you. 

As I looked up, you seemed to crumple slightly and your legs gave way, as you slid into an elegant heap into my arms. "Oh goddddddddd love, oh goddddddddd. More."

I was delighted with your response. I stood, lifted you and gently placed you on the bed where you lay completely overcome with the suddenness of your orgasm. My heat was still inflaming me, and remembering one of our conversations on your desire sometimes for pure and simple 100% raw fucking, I moved to the nightstand, took out the harness, and with a little lubrication on my plug (I needed only little I was dripping with my want of you), I quickly inserted it, and clipped one of the larger dildos on the front. I would not use a vibe this time, I just wanted to give you the fucking you craved. 

I moved to the bed and positioning myself between your legs, moved them wider, bending the knees for your comfort, and lining up the cock with your dripping pussy, I leaned over you, gently kissing your breasts, sucking your nipples - loving your shudder and gasps - and then to your mouth, where I nibbled your lips, before I whispered, "I am going to fuck your brains out, my love. We have several days to make up for." As I placed my hands over yours, holding them against the bed so you could not touch me or feel me, except through my fucking, I plunged the dildo in you in one deep, long move. Your long moan, was all I had hoped for, as were all the other sounds that you made while I moved back and forth in long plunges, rhythmic and deep, drawing a cry out of you each time I grounded the dildo deep inside you. It was not long before your hips began to move up urgently against me, I knew what I had to do. Bending my head low to just above your face, where your eyes were closed in concentration at achieving your goal, I whispered. "I don't want you to cum yet love, not until I say so. Do you understand?" I did not know how long I could hold out, let alone you, but I knew this would please you, this teasing, this restraint, and with a gulp and swallow you muttered your agreement. "I won't cum, not until you say so." 

Knowing how much it had taken out of you to say those words, at this moment, while I was still moving back and forth in your silky depths, momentarily I pushed into you and held the cock there, deeply, not moving, and lowered my mouth to your lips and softly kissed you, whispering, "Well done darling, well done."

Keeping my hips still, I moved my mouth back to your breasts, and for a while, I kissed, nibbled and sucked on your nipples, until you began to push them against me, wanting more, panting your need. Your hands were gripping mine, desperately trying to keep your orgasm at bay. I moved my mouth back to your mouth and softly kissed and nibbled your lips, letting the sensations slowly recede, until I decided it was time to resume. But before I did, "Open your eye, I need to see you." Slowly your eyelids fluttered open, and our eyes met, in silent understanding. I smiled at you, and with a soft brush of your lips, my hips began their movement in you, back and forth. You eyes closed each time I entered your depths, and your mouth was gasping, drawing in air, and very soon, your hips began to move against me again, and once again, with difficulty, I stopped. 

This time you moaned, long and needy. "Please love, please love, I need............."

"I know, I know, I do too. Soon. Soon." 

Once more I lowered my mouth and softly and gently nuzzled your lips, allowing the sensations time to recede slightly. Before I resumed, I new that this time I would not be able to stop. I needed. I just needed.

I lifted myself away from your body, and kneeling upright, lifted your hips slightly and pulled a pillow under them, lifting them higher against me, your legs lying against my shoulders, my arms reaching round your knees to grip your hips, so that I could, if possible, reach even deeper inside you. Before I entered you again, I whispered, "Your arms love, put your arms above your head. This time we will cum." With a deep breath, you did as I asked, and gripping your hips I plunged into you, as deep as I could go. 

The moan that followed came from us both, and I knew, just knew it would take very little time. Your hips, although placed against my thighs, pushed against me, using your arms to brace yourself and your legs pushing against me. Every push echoed within me, and before long, the thrusting was fast, furious. I knew could not, would not, stop this time, did not want to stop, gritted my teeth, in my desire to prolong the pleasure for you as long as I could. Then you spoke, more like exhalations, and this was all it took. You opened your eyes, and looking at me, into me, pleaded, "Fuck me love, FUCK ME! Make me cum.". 

With a moan I pushed deeper and harder into you than I had ever been before, touched parts of you I had never touched, and at the same touching places within myself that I did not know existed, and the searing heat of orgasm rushed through me from my pussy, up through my body into my nipples, and rushing out through the top of my head and down my legs out through my feet. I was on fire. Pushing, and pushing and pushing, crying out, aware that you were moving equally frantically against me, making matching noises. Again and again we heaved against each other, until almost sobbing with the overwhelming sensations, I released my hold on your legs and fell against you, my breathing coming in gasps and swallows, my face lying against your heaving breasts.

Slowly I became aware of soft hands on my back, stroking gently, softly; warm lips kissing my face, murmuring against my skin. My breathing was gradually slowing, the pulsing in my neck and groin were slowing to a manageable level, and I felt almost able to talk. Slowly I used my hands to lift my body, so I could look at you. You had your eyes still closed, your lips were parted slightly but your breathing had slowed, your chest was not rising and falling so violently. I reached my head up and lightly touched my lips to yours. 

Your eyes opened and such a smile. Always that smile. I smiled back, and laying my head on your shoulder, muttered, "In case you hadn't noticed love, I'm back."

You chuckled delightedly in response, and slid your arms around my back holding me to you, and lifted your legs around mine, to keep the fullness of the cock inside you. With a sigh of contentment I slid my arms under you, around your back, and moved my hips slightly creating small shocks of sensation within both of us drawing a soft moan from you. 

Later, maybe later I would have another go at fucking your brains out. For now, I was content. I was home.