 It had been a long flight from Paris. The events of the last few days were a swirling collage. A hurried exit from a small town in Asia, transiting through Tiblisi and Moscow and, finally, a drawn out debrief in the Paris embassy. Danielle and I did manage a short walk around the Place de le Concorde. It was during this walk where we began changing from our operational personalities of "White Pine" and "Tracer." As we walked in the cool spring rain, we became Boo and Dani once again. We reveled in the feeling of walking in a free and beautiful country, but exhaustion was setting in and we quickly returned to our hotel for some much-needed sleep and preparations for our departure for the United States.

Danielle and I had spent months together. We knew our jobs and had watched each other's backs. Our lives depended on mutual trust and professional competence. We both yearned for home. We asked that our official passports be mailed back to the States and switched over to our tourist passports. Damn, I hated the official passports that sometimes called unwanted attention as we traveled. We boarded at different times and sat in different rows, but did get a welcome upgrade to business class courtesy of the embassy. I'd have to drop them a note. The larger seat looked inviting. I don't think either of us was awake when the plane lifted off. Now, hours later, we made our approach to Dulles and we were both silently celebrating our return home. Myself to my wife, Ellie and Danielle to her lover Mia. Dani and I never talked about our love lives even though we had shared many personal secrets. I had known Dani was a lesbian for some time. Perhaps more from what she didn't say. I trusted her and we had grown close in these months.

Once I had seen her with Mia and knew they were intimate from their body language, smiles, and whispers. They made a striking couple, the petite and beautiful Mia and the tall, athletic Dani. Dani had been in amateur body building competitions and had done quite well. She was well proportioned and hadn't gone to that point where her sculpting had turned her into a man with the head of an attractive woman. I had seen her pictures and she was a hard but attractive lady nearing six feet. It never got to me that my partner was a bit taller than I. I do admit that some of the guys on our team did kid me about the athletic prowess of my partner.

Our talents and dispositions were quite different. Dani with her intense focus on the task at hand and quick temper. I, with my skills in communication and negotiation tempered with a more strategic view of things. We were a good pairing. Our skills were complimentary and always useful.

We walked to the baggage claim area with few words. We were mentally dragging after a combination of travel and meetings lasting over forty hours. Finally, our bags, then through immigration and customs quite quickly.

"Well, Dani, guess it's that time" knowing I would miss a good partner, friend and confidant. "What time's your flight?" asked Dani. "I won't get out of here until tomorrow afternoon. I'll get a room out here and crash," I replied. The embassy had done a great job getting us this far, but domestic connections for me weren't the best. Dani wrinkled her brow and, in her normal matter-of-fact manner, responded, "Oh no you're not. You're staying at my place. I have to make a call. Watch our stuff." The phones were a few feet away. She punched up the number as she glanced back at me.

"Mia?" Dani paused, then I heard her leave a message about our arrival. Her face now reflected disappointment. She dialed another number. "Carol, I'm back. Boo's with me and we need a ride over to my place. Great, see you in a few!" 

I was grateful for Dani's invitation. I really didn't relish spending the night in one of those unfriendly and overused airport hotels. Not long afterward, Carol whipped her car over to the curb with her trunk lid already popped open. Some quick hugs and we loaded up and off we went. About twenty minutes later we were at Dani's door with Carol excitedly running down the list of things she had done for Dani's homecoming. She had cleaned Dani's place and stocked up on all manner of her favorite foods and drink as well as fresh flowers throughout the townhouse. The house smelled of fresh Virginia air and fresh cut flowers.

We opened a bottle of wine and shared a few of our adventures with Carol. I'm sure she saw how worn we looked and could certainly hear our giddiness tattling on our mental exhaustion. She hugged us both tightly, welcoming us home again, and departed.

"I've got to get this travel grunge off of me, Dani. Mind if I shower?"

"No, go ahead. I was thinking the same thing. Use the bath down the hall. Everything you need should be in the linen closet." I tipped my roller bag over in the middle of the living room, removed my shaving kit, some running shorts and a decent tee and headed down the hall. I passed Dani's home office and found the bath. I stripped down and began looking for a towel in the closet. One large shelf of towels and washcloths and another neatly arranged shelf of cosmetics that didn't fit Dani's simple style. I assumed this was actually Mia's bath and smiled. 

As I grabbed a towel, I uncovered a slender white vibrator and a rather impressive clear, double-headed dildo. I think I felt a blush, but more from a sense of embarrassment for violating some secret place. I felt another smile and went about my shower. I stood there letting the massaging showerhead beat on my neck and shoulders. I felt so relaxed with the combined effects of the wine and warm shower. I toweled off, pulled on my shorts and tee and headed for the living room.

Dani had just finished dialing Mia again. I saw her eyes light up, then be washed over by disappointment again. She neared tears as she left another message for her lover. I had only seen that look one time before when she was beaten down by fatigue and personal hurt.

"Hey, Dani, how about some music!" I offered in a not too strong attempt at distracting my friend. Although we had varied tastes in many things, we both really love contemporary jazz and Dani picked out some of her favorite CDs. She looked over her shoulder, smiled as the music began and ambled off down the other hall for her shower. She returned in dark green silk boxers and a cropped tee as I was drifting with the music and wine. 

"Jeez, Dani, that gut of yours!" I exclaimed viewing the wonders of her conditioned tummy. She collapsed back on the couch pushing that quiet rush of a freshly bathed woman into my nostrils and brain. We opened another bottle and lounged with our feet up on her coffee table. She laid back, sipping the wine, and strumming the sinewy flatness of her tummy with her fingers. 

"I like my tummy. I worked hard for it," she commented. We were both now drifting in our sea of music and wine. We went over the events of the last few days and months. I'm sure we were both thinking how close we had become. Isolation from those we loved and shared hardships and danger had created an intimacy understood by few.

Fatigue was visiting my brain again. "Dani, I've had it. I'm going down for the count. I've got to get some sleep."

"Me too," she answered. We finished our wine and she loaded a handful of other CDs into her player. She moved around the island into the kitchen as I began pulling cushions off the couch and the smaller chaise. "Got some sheets, Dani?"

"Sure, I'll get them," came the answer. I was down on my knees arranging the jigsaw puzzle of my bed when Dani came back. She looked down at me with the sheets and pillows in her arms and began laughing.

"This is stupid, Boo. Follow me." I followed Dani down the other hall toward her room expecting her to show me a futon or something more comfortable than the cushions. She took me to her bedroom with its king-sized bed. "You'll sleep here," the words delivered in true, assertive Dani fashion.

"But what will the guys think?" I said chuckling in my referral to the rest of our organization. "Fuck them!" said Dani as we both laughed about our arrangement. "I've got this side," said Dani indicating the side with the phone and remote. "You and I have lived together for months, Boo. Why should we change now?" We laughed together this time.

Dani walked down the hall, switched her speakers over to the bedroom. She crawled over me and adjusted the volume. "Nice, just right," offering my opinion. It was early afternoon, but our bodies were whispering 3:00 AM. The light was filtered through the blinds and it was so comfortable. "Night, Boo."

"Night Dani," and we did sleep the sleep of the dead. The months of physical exhaustion and mental strain pulled us into darkness.

"Oh, Ellie!" my mind muttered, my face at the back of her soft neck. The freshness of her hair invading my nostrils. My left arm draped over Ellie's left hip as I reveled in her closeness, in her warmth. Soon, I could feel my hand cupping her pussy and being rhythmically squeezed by her thighs. "Home at last," I thought as I began to drift off again.

I came half-awake, my mind whispering, "Home, home, you're home." My right eye pushed closed against the pillow and my left rolling around taking in the room. My foggy brain now telling me something wasn't right. The feel of the bed, the late afternoon light filtered through the blinds and painting the wall with stripes. Finally, the tautness, the hardness of the body under my arm and in the grasp of my hand. "I'm not at home!" was the silent shout from my brain. "I'm, uh, where...where? I was suddenly very aware of everything as I lay with my arm around Dani's hip and my hand cupping her pussy.

A moment of some panic now. I felt the pattern of my breathing change. My senses were now telling me Dani was no longer asleep. I lay there frozen, afraid to move. What would Dani think if she realized it was my hand between her legs? I must have stayed in that position, cuddled against Dani for many minutes. I didn't move and she didn't move. Sleep then captured me again, but only for the reward of the briefest nap. I woke to feel my hand be squeezed again in Dani's strong, warm thighs.

I don't believe we even opened our eyes as we began to almost sleepwalk through lovemaking. It did not seem to be a conscious act for either of us. It just began. I was not evaluating now, not making decisions. I was just acting. I pulled Dani's hip toward me and rolled her flat on the bed. I moved my hand upward and massaged her tummy, that wondrous flat tummy before daring to explore under her boxers. For some reason I considered her breasts to be a less natural place to go at this point. My hand sensed as it traveled. Taught skin, muscle, the rougher texture of the waistband of her panties, and the boundary of a small patch of springy pubic hair. 

"No further," cautioned my brain. Alarms were going off in my head. I was ready for Dani to jump up and scream at me, "What the fuck are you doing Boo?" I froze again, but then came the signal; a gentle snakelike movement of the hips. My hand continued its exploration and found the southern boundary of Dani's pubic hair as it crossed on to the smooth shaven lips of her womanhood. I began a slow, circular massage. Her pussy lips were not very pronounced and felt close to her athletic body.

I could feel the warmth of her and I dared a quick adventure along her inner folds. My finger rode over something hard and foreign; a small ring. My finger was answering questions for me and Dani moved again almost in a little fleshquake. I continued with my massage carefully; around and around with my whole hand staying away from her clit.

"Mmmm, that's nice," came Dani's first words since we started this unexpected intimacy. I trailed my fingers a bit deeper as her thighs opened more, finding the wetness along her inner lips. Up and down, from top to bottom as she began to open to my hand. The ring, the ring! I had to explore this area. I have never had a lover with a clit ring before. Did I say lover? My brain said Dani and I, at this point, were more needful than loving. A lesbian operator and her straight male partner! This was odd, scary, and exciting all at once. Did we have boundaries? We'll see.

I began pulling Dani's boxers down as she raised her hips from the bed. I was then challenged by the relatively tight fit of a pair bikini panties, but she pulled one side down for me then raised her arms up over her head. This shocked me more than anything we had done to this point. My very tough, disciplined Dani now posed in a manner saying, "I trust, I submit." We were guardians for one another in places and situations few have experienced and now we lay here in sexual exploration. The oddity of it all!

Here I am reflecting while Dani signals me again with her hips. I slid down near her tummy and gazed across her slightly too-hard and light-striped body. I opened her gently and took the hood of her clit between my thumb and forefinger and began gentile pulling with her ring resting against the top of my finger. My conservative Dani with a clit ring! Amazing! I opened her legs wider and looked up at her. She looked at me smiled, closed her eyes and turned her head to the light, and moved her hips as a low "Mmmm" escaped again.

This little sliver of fear kept intruding into my brain. I wanted to do this right for Dani. I wanted this intimacy with her, but I felt inadequate for the first time in my sexual life. As I thought of her shaved lips and ring, I was even more daunted by the fact that Dani had obviously prepared her body for Mia. Now she was left with this straight guy. My erection subsided.

I moved up and took Dani in my arms. We had embraced before, but that was as brother and sister. We rolled toward one another and she whispered, "We'll be okay." I pulled up her top and explored her small breasts. They were small but beautiful with the perfect crowns of coral colored nipples responding quickly to my lips and tongue. These little wonders puckered, wrinkled and stood up begging for more attention. My tongue savored the light and not unpleasant taste of Dani's citrus fragrance. Yum! I would have spent more time with these small treasures but passion was building and control was diminishing. 

I slid down in the bed and began to caress her whole pussy again expecting that my skills might fall well short of those of the lovely Mia. Dani made things easier by opening her legs widely. She began to open to my hand and I placed my mouth covering her completely. I began to lap with a flat tongue, something taught to me by Ellie. Dani was moving up toward my mouth with her hips. She tasted clean, wonderful and sexy. I loved the feel of my tongue moving along her inner lips, picking up her wetness. My lip would occasionally sense her ring, but I continued to avoid her clit.

"That's pretty good, Boo," assured Dani. I think she was sensing my lack of confidence. In my wildest thoughts, I could never have imagined eating out a lesbian! I certainly felt out of my league, but would give this everything I had. I continued from bottom to top, traveling the shallow canyons of her sex again and again. I stopped and looked up. Dani looked down and smiled. I looked into her eyes, and used my tongue to pull her ring and swelling clit into my mouth. Our eyes were locked until I sucked, drawing part of her inner lips into my mouth. Dani's eyes closed, her hands went to my head, her hips came up and her head turned suddenly to the right against the pillow.

"Slower, Boo, slower," came the gentle instructions from Dani. I went back to slowly lapping and was rewarded by an increasing flow of wetness from Dani. I pulled some pillows down and Dani raised herself. I was beginning to lose some self-control. I wanted her now. I took her hands and placed them at her pussy. She opened herself for me and my tongue pushed as far into her as I could go. I love the warmth and intimacy of oral pleasure. I don't know how long I worked on this labor of oral love, but the bottom of my tongue was feeling tender and Dani's head was moving form side to side with the punctuation of soft moans in her throat. It seemed to be time for an orgasm. I moved upward and drew as much of her into my mouth as I could and used the tip of my tongue on her clit while sucking.

"Not yet, not yet, Boo." Dani lifted my head from her gently and rolled toward the nightstand. She opened the drawer and her hand returned with a slender pink vibrator much like the one in the bath. She turned it on and handed it to me, adjusting herself on the pillows. I brought the vibrator across her and it clattered a bit against her ring. I brought it down further and it slid so smoothly into her pussy. I watched the reaction on her face.

Ellie and I had our own toys so I was at home with Dani's vibe. I continued my efforts of love, or need. I must have been a little too direct in my approach. Dani gently took my hand pulling the vibrator out of her pussy and guided it so the length of her buzzing friend was sliding up and down her wet slit. 

"Like that," she said followed by another "Mmmm" of approval. Her face showed her enjoyment of pleasure as she lay with a soft smile and closed eyes. I watched her face intently and, after several minutes, I saw her smile straighten, her breaths quicken and her lid-covered eyes and eyebrows twitching with concentration.

"Wait!" Dani exclaimed as she came quickly up on her elbows and smiled down at me. "I hope you don't think I'm greedy, but I need something else." She half turned in the bed stretching for the drawer of her nightstand. She fished around a bit and produced a small bottle of lubricant and a very thick jelly dildo. The length was not unusual, but the girth would have made Ellie squirm. Ellie could handle a lot, but this was a serious tool. 

I took the dildo from her as we both laughed with that giddiness grown by the revelry of our homecoming, the wine, the exhaustion and our shared need for sex. We were having a great deal of fun and I had almost forgotten Dani's preference for women. I coated the soft pink cock with lubricant as Dani complimented me with, "I see you've had some practice."

"Yup," I replied. "Ellie and I have a few toys."

Dani fell back on the bed and then did something my mind has replayed many times since. This was one of the most erotic gestures I have ever seen. She spread her legs as widely as she could and, with both hands, spread her pussy until it was stretched wide. "Use them both Boo! I want the vibe on my clit and the dildo in as far as it will go!" I could have done better with three hands but got by with two. I slowly pushed the thick dildo into Dani and she took a deep breath. As wide as she was, this was clearly stretching her opening. 

"Push it! Put it in deeper! I won't break." At Dani's urging I shoved it in leaving just enough for me to keep a grip on it. I then got the vibe buzzing again and began that massage she showed me earlier. Up and down the length of her.

The sounds that I heard from Dani are hard to describe. No words, just a high-pitched whine coming from the back of her throat. As this grew louder she started raising her head off the pillow in almost a stomach crunch and pulled at her already stretched lips. Her hips were also moving. I was doing all I could to control one dildo one vibrator and my building urge to throw them aside and plunge my cock into Dani. I didn't have much time to consider this. Dani suddenly grabbed my hands, pulled the dildo out of her and pushed the vibrator aside. I looked into her eyes wondering what would happen next and she left no doubt. 

"Eat me. I need it hard, fast and now!" She held herself wide open again, and I took as much of her into my mouth as I could and sucked hard with my tongue moving quickly on her clit. She grabbed my head pulling it into her very hard and clamped her thighs on my head rolling to her left side and carrying me with her. I heard her muffled scream, which coincided with her vise-like grip on my head. After some seconds had passed, she relaxed a bit, but I kept working my mouth. She relaxed more and her thighs opened. I could feel her pulling away a bit and knew she was ultrasensitive. I released her lips and slowed my tonguing. Dani grabbed my head and gently pulled me from her.
