 "Now be a good girl and live up to everything I promised. I don't want to have to give the fraternity any money back." Was the last thing Professor Gallahay said, stroking the side of Kathren's face a few times before leaving the bathroom and heading for her car.

Every time she had to do some work her mistress had acquired for her Kathren was nervous and this night was no exception. Fifteen minutes earlier she and her mistress had pulled up to the largest frat house on the campus she worked at. While holding her mistresses hand she was led through the ground floor main hall, down the main hallway where the head frat brothers lived, up a long flight of stairs, and into a side bathroom.

Kathren's mood had dropped substantially as soon as she had been brought into the main hall. Her mistress rarely told her many details about her jobs prior to arrival, and the details she was told were vague. Usually all she'd know was what to wear and if she'd need her chastity belt. Since mistress had ordered her to wear her belt to this job, she knew that all she could do to provide pleasure was use her mouth so she had hoped that she had been rented for a small party. The sight of at least several dozen people in the main hall alone made her jaw ache in anticipation.

What little hope of this being an enjoyable job evaporated from her mind as Kathren was lead into the bathroom. "This isn't even a fancy bathroom!" Kathren thought to herself as she stared at the run down prison she would be forced to stay in for the next few hours. For a shared bathroom, it was rather small and under furnished. All the room contained was two urinals and a sink, and she figured that at most four or perhaps five people could fit in the room besides her.

She knew if she wanted the night to be done quickly she had to clear her mind and not think about how humiliating her situation was. If she thought to much about how she looked in a tight green and white cheerleaders outfit – the school colors – or how dirty she looked sitting on the tile floor in-between the two urinals with a leash tied to one or how much of a whore she would sound like when she would "willingly" offer to provide anyone who came in with oral sex... she simply couldn't think about it.

And there she sat, all alone in such a humiliating position. But she wasn't alone for long.

"I think I found a bathroom! I'll be back in a minute... God Janie, you don't have to come in with me. Girls having to go to the restroom together is just a joke guys say to make fun of us.... We came together in a big group, just hang around one of them until I get back.... Fine, wait outside the bathroom door then!" Kathren heard a woman yell from just outside the bathroom shortly before the bathroom door open.

Kathren was surprised that her first potential client was a woman since while there was no "men only" or "men's bathroom" sign on the door, the fact that there were only urinals had lead her to believe she would only see men. She was happily surprised this wasn't the case.

"Damn, this is just a fucked up bathroom for dudes! There's only those cock-drains-thingies." The woman muttered showing quite clearly how much she had already drunk at the party downstairs.

For a moment Kathren wasn't sure what to say. She had thought up a dozen different lines to say to man but hadn't thought of coming up with any for a woman and to top it off it didn't even seem like she had noticed her sitting on the floor yet.

"Well screw it," the woman said as she glanced down at Kathren, "I have to pee and it's not like I'm the only girl in here. Anyway, if a guy can use it then so can we... Right sister?"

Kathren was momentarily speechless. This woman was under the mistaken assumption that Kathren was another drunk student who was simply to tipsy to get up off the floor.

"Umm.... Right I guess." Kathren responded eventually, in a shaky confused tone.

Kathren could feel herself getting wet as she watched the girl get closer to her. She was under orders from her mistress to offer oral service to anyone who came into the room but she found her mouth wouldn't mouth as she looked longingly at the woman's university sweater and then imagined the young, supple breasts that were warmly snuggled beneath them.

"Here goes nothing!" Kathren heard the woman say right before she saw first her blue jeans followed shortly by her thong hit the floor only inches from where Kathren was sitting.

For a moment Kathren thought that she had been mistaken and the woman had realized why Kathren was there. She smiled a little from relief and was about to speak when she heard a tinkling noise.

"See, I knew we could do it!" The woman said half to Kathren and half to herself.

When Kathren looked she saw that the woman was standing in front the urinal with one hand on the piping above the porcelain with her hips pushed to within an inch of the backing. She realized now that the girl had dropped her pants so she could position herself to relieve her bladder.

"Oh, that felt so good." The woman said with a sigh as she finished but soon began to move her eyes around the room, "Damn it, I usually like to use a little square of toilet paper to make sure its dry but of course the guys don't have any in here it seems."

"There's no toilet so it makes sense there is no paper. Still, I can help you." Kathren said almost without thinking.

"Oh, you have some with you?"

"I can do much better than that." Kathren said, looking longingly at her new friends freshly shaven mound.

"What are you looking.... Oh.... Oh!" The woman said as what Kathren meant slowly dawned on her, "Look, it's nice you think I'm cute and all but I don't like girls that way and I'm no where near drunk enough to let you try and change my mind."

"I understand." Was all Kathren said as she watched the woman quickly pull her thong and pants back on and then rush out the door.

For a few moments there was silence in the restroom again.

"I don't care if there are just urinals, I have to go and I can't wait 'til we find a real bathroom." Kathren heard from the other side of the door.

The door swung open and closed again but this time the person who entered the room turned the lock on the door as soon as it was closed. Kathren was a little surprised to realize that her second visitor of the night was also going to be a woman.

Kathren couldn't help but stare when her new visitor turned around to face her. Like her previous visitor, this woman was rather tall and dressed in jeans and a sweater; only hers had sorority markings on it instead of the name of the university. Even as the girl began to speak she couldn't overt her eyes away from the sweater; unlike the previous girl who's sweater concealed nice looking but average sized breasts, this girl's was concealing mammoth mountains.

"So, your offer to lick clean my friend... does that only apply to her or can I convince you to eat me out instead?" The sorority girl asked with a playful smile.

-------------------------------

"Say it again!" the sorority girl ordered.

"You're a goddess! All other women should bow down at your feet!" Kathren said as she briefly pulled her face away from her partners soaking wet mound.

"Tell me more you cute little carpet muncher!" She demanded as she took one of Kathren's free hands and moved them up to her breasts.

"You have the largest, most beautiful breasts I have ever seen and yet they still feel so perfect to the touch." Kathren said as she fondled her new friend's double D's.

Somewhat to Kathren's surprise, her second visitor had turned out to be Janie, the woman her first visitor (Rachel) had yelled at prior to coming into the bathroom. When Rachel told her about Kathren and what Kathren had offered her, Janie couldn't resist the chance to take the "bathroom cheerleader" up on her offer. Janie wasn't yet ready to tell her new college friends that she was a lesbian so bringing a date home or even having a date in general was difficult because she had to keep it a secret.

"You are so good at this!" Janie moaned as she pushed Kathren's face back into her dripping box, "Do you have a girlfriend? Because if not..."

"Mmm muahdf jjfff" Kathren mumbled as she rubbed her tongue just below Janie's clit.

"W....what?" Janie asked as the waves of pleasure began to build up inside of her.

"I have a Mistress I said." Kathren said as she switched back to using her fingers rather then her tongue, 

"Oh."

"But she's been talking about maybe finding me some regular clients. You could talk to her if you'd like."

"I'd rather have a girlfriend, but you're the first girl I've been with for over a year so... maybe I will talk to her."

Though she had already had a few small ones, Kathren could tell Janie was getting close to a full scale orgasm.

"You're getting close, how would you like me to finish you?" Kathren asked in a soft, sensitive voice as she slowed down her fingers.

"Ah... I love how devoted and submissive you act. Oh... How? Keep fingering me but beg me to cum!"

Kathren began to plunge her fingers into Janie's soft, wet pussy faster and faster.

"Please goddess, I'm begging you! I long to feel rivers of your sweet honey flow down my fingers. If you don't cum I won't be able to lick up all your juices afterwards while you watch me. The only way I can ever be happy is if you cum all over my tiny little hand. I need you to cum goddess... I...."

Kathren knew her erotic dialogue had worked when Janie's head feel completely backwards and she let out a prolonged high pitch moan of glee.

For a few seconds the only noise within the room was Janie's soft panting as her body returned to normal.

"If I recall correctly, I believe you told me how much you wanted to lick up all my love juice." Janie said with a sly smile, "Well..?"

Kathren, still on her knees, smiled honestly at Janie as she placed her fore and middle finger into her mouth, sucked down and then slowly pulled her fingers out. As Kathren took her fingers and began to mop up around Janie's soaked honey pot, she smiled again, this time with her mouth open. Janie couldn't help but smile back as she saw her own love juice shimmering on Kathren's tongue.