 I quietly turned the door knob and opened the door to my cozy two bedroom home. I tried to be as silent as possible so no one would know I was home yet. I made it into the living room without any noticing me. I plopped down on the love seat and kicked off my shoes, unbuttoned my blouse, unhooked my bra and threw all three against the far wall. I could tell they had heard the noise, as I could hear the sound of running coming from the kitchen and the second bedroom.

All three managed to make it to me at about the same time, but the two that were arriving from the bedroom were running so fast that they ran into each other and toppled over onto one another in front me. I looked at the third girl and motioned for her to take the seat next to me. He face lit up when she realized she had beaten the other two and quickly but carefully sat down next to me, curling her legs up underneath herself. I closed my eyes, focusing on how good it felt to have her small, gentle hands rubbing and messaging my shoulders.

"How was your day mistress?" I heard one of them ask.

----------------

I had started experimenting with other girls when I started my freshmen year of college. I had been assigned to live in the dorms with a junior and once everyone's friends and families had left for home on the move in day I thought it was odd that her friend who had helped her move in was still on campus. I didn't realize what was really going on between the two of them for quite a few hours. It didn't even dawn on me when at 9:00 pm that night they put in a sappy romance movie and began to watch it. As soon as the movie started they noticed I was staring blankly at a book I had brought with me and my roommates "friend" asked if I wanted to join them. Wanting desperately to get along with my new roommate, I smiled and took a seat on her futon. It was two hours later when the movie was over and I turned to my two new friends to comment about how sad it was that the two characters in movie never realized that the other one loved them when I saw my roommate kissing her friends neck.

I just stared at them, I don't know for how long. I completely hadn't expected what I was seeing. I stared as my roommate started grouping her girlfriend's breasts while slowly starting to take off her own shirt. I had never seen two women make out and was in shock.

After a moment my roommate's girlfriend stopped her advances and turned to me and spoke in a voice that sounded so calm and inviting. I could tell she knew I was feeling a little weird and she was trying to make things easier.

"Honey, are you alright? You don't look so good. Would you like to join us?"

When the last sentence came out of her mouth I freaked. I jumped off the futon, ran over to my loft bed, scurried up and got under the covers. In a few seconds I could tell that someone had turned the lights off and for a moment I thought everything would be alright. Then I heard the futon squeaking and shortly there after I began to hear heavy breathing.

I couldn't sleep at all until they had finished and went to bed, and even for at least another hour I stayed awake thinking about what was going on.

The next morning the other girl left early to go take a shower and as my roommate began to stretch and yawn I climbed down out of my bed. I had stripped down to my panties and bra once I had begun to fall asleep and I could tell that she was inadvertently checking me out.

"I'm sorry about last night." I said, trying not to look at her naked body. "I just wasn't expecting that, that's all. I didn't mean to offend you or your girlfriend. It was very nice of you two to offer to include me and if the offer ever comes up again..."

I was cut off as she grabbed me and threw me onto the bed. Apparently she could tell what the end of my sentence was going to be and was not going to waste any time. Within a few seconds I was totally naked and I could feel her hot tongue exploring my pussy. She had skipped any attempt to tease me or get me wet before she started, she merely dove in. She had a lot of experience, this I could tell, and very shortly I was wet and within three minutes I could feel a quivering build up inside me as my first lesbian induced orgasm shock through me. I had expected her to stop at that point, but she didn't. She continued to lick and tease my pussy until I had a second and then a third orgasm. When she finally stopped, she leaned back onto her knees and I just lay on my back, staring at her face covered with my juices and a smile.

Her girlfriend walked in a few minutes later, still rubbing her hair and holding a small towel around her body that barely enclosed her large breasts.

"Thanks for waiting for me to get back Sara." Was all she said.

For the next year I spent at least every other night (and sometimes a day or two) with my roommate and her girlfriend. They introduced to me to all of the lesbian and bisexual girls on campus and took me to all the cool parties on campus, including the sexual ones. It was at one of these that I was first exposed to master slave relationships. My roommate had convinced me to take a date to this party and since I was still reasonably new to campus and to my lesbian life style, she told me should would find me the perfect girl to take. I didn't think anything of it when the girl she picked came into our room the night of the party wearing a collar and a leash. She was wearing a light pink mini skirt, a black blouse, high heeled shoes, and had breasts that could barely be contained in her blouse. (I found out later that they weren't actually that big, only average, but in her tight blouse they looked huge) She was so gorgeous that I could hardly keep from drooling. I was so struck by her that the oddity of the collar didn't sink into me. It was only at the party that it dawned on me.

A few moments after arriving at the party my roommate filled me in on what was going on since she could tell I was still a bit confused. Apparently my date had wanted to get involved with me for quite a while and my roommate felt that having me drag her around by the leash for the night would give us a chance to get to know each other. It worked. I dated her for two years after that party.

I wasn't exposed to the underground sex slave world until graduate school. I didn't actually get involved with it until I graduated with my doctored and had gotten an associate professorship at the university I had graduated from.

I had been to the slave auctions before but had never bought, but some of my friends had. Shortly after getting my job a large number of my dominant friends and I went to one of the auctions. I didn't think anything of it. We eyed up what was for sale and whispered back and force about which would be best and what we would do if we bought one of them. Unlike most trips to the auction, this time there was one girl there that really caught my eye. She was 18 and was of small build with a medium sized bust, long hair clipped into a pony tail, and looking terrified at everyone who walked by -- except me.

I pointed out the girl to one of my friends and made a few inappropriate comments and we all moved on. About thirty minutes later the auction started and about 20 minutes into it the woman I noticed earlier was up for bid. I was shocked when one of my friends opened the bid and continued to out big the competition. I sat silent when the auctioneer announced that my friend had won the big. I remained silent for the rest of the auction despite numerous remarks from my friends. Once the auction was over my friend disappeared and I turned to talk to the rest of the group.

"Wow, I didn't think Sara was interested in buying a slave girl tonight. I guess that's why she was so determined that we come here."

All my friends just laughed at me. I felt a little silly so I didn't say anything else. A few minutes later Sara came out dragging the young woman behind her using a short leash.

"Here." She said, thrusting the leash into my hands.

"What's this?" I asked, totally confused.

"It's a gift from all of us. Congratulations on your new job, Professor Gallahay."

All I could do was grin at my friends I was so in shock by their gift. After a moment I looked at my new slave and noticed that unlike when Sara was holding her leash, she now was smiling. Apparently she was happy with who she now belonged to.

----------------

I didn't have to look to see who was talking to me. I recognized Julia, the slave Sara gave me a few years ago and was now rubbing my shoulders, as the one who was speaking.

"It was very long and tiring. I gave four straight hours of lectures today, two hours worth being devoted to discussing the causes and solutions to deadlock in an operating system."

Julia was a very bright girl, but had only a basic education. Usually when I talked about my work she had to try very hard to merely comprehend what I was saying.

"Is that a challenging topic to teach?"

By now the two girls on the floor had regain some measure of composure and had begun rubbing my feet. Each one took one of my feet and used both of their hands to rub away all of today's hours of standing. It felt so good.

"It wouldn't be if they would spend more time looking over their notes and less time staring at my breasts."

I opened up one of my eyes when I heard Julia giggle. I could see her eyes dart away from my breasts and back up to my face.

"You know that I prefer it when you look at my face when we have these little discussions instead of my breasts."

"I'm sorry Mistress. Are you displeased with me?"

"Rub a little lower down my back and I will over look your wandering eyes... this time."

I could feel her hands move down my back. They were so soft and having her little fingers rub my muscles made them feel so good.

"Kathren..."

One of the girls at my feet stopped rubbing when I addressed her. She knew what I was going to say.

"Isn't tonight one of your work nights? Go get prepared."

Kathren stood up and headed towards the secondary bedroom. With her absence, I turned my gaze down to the third girl.

"Lyn, start rubbing both of my feet!" 

It was more of an order then a request. For a moment the only sound made was the rustling of clothes coming from Kathren's room.

"Lyn, be a good girl and help take off my pants."

As I felt her hands touch my waist I lifted my hips to aid in the removal. My bare skin exposed to the air felt refreshing.

"Panties also." I told her.

The words barely left my mouth and they were off already.

I ripped Julia's hands from my back and thrusted them forcefully around my breasts.

"Lyn honey, I don't want a single drop to touch the love seat. If it does then there will be no release for you tonight."

Lyn knew exactly what I meant and bolted forward and placed her lips around my pussy, trying her best to make a seal.

It was quite an interesting sensation having my breasts lightly fondled and tweaked while I let go and released a whole days worth of urine into my slave girl's mouth. She lapped feverishly at the hot liquid streaming from my pussy and gulped down mouth full after mouth full while some streamed down her chin. After about a minute worth of the heavy stream I pushed out the last few drops and sighed contentedly. I had been saving that all day.

I looked down at the loveseat and noticed the wet blotch on the fabric. I grabbed Lyn by the back of the head and grinded her face into the wet spot.

"Do you feel that bitch? Do you smell that? I told you specifically not to let a single drop hit there and what do you do? You let a HUGE puddle form!"

As I rubbed Lyn's face in the spot in the same way one might a dog who went in the house I could feel Julia start to tweak both of my nipples between her thumb and forefinger. She loved it when I punished the other girls because it meant she had a higher chance of being the one that I took to bed with me that night so she was trying to add extra enjoyment to the punishing.

"You've been a bad girl Lyn. Go put it on."

Lyn didn't raise her head up; she just stood and walked out of the room, heading towards the secondary bedroom. For a few moments it was just Julia and I but then Kathren returned to the living room followed shortly by Lyn.

Kathren was dressed in the outfit I had chosen for tonight's job. She was going to be a bathroom cock sucker/pussy licker at a campus fraternity/sorority mixer. The procedure for the job was much like it had been for the few months since I bought Kathren. I dress her in something kinky or appropriate to the theme for the party she had bee purchased for (tonight she was dressed as one of the universities cheerleaders), take her to the party, tie her leash to the appointed spot, (tonight it was going to be anything I could find in one of the upstairs fraternity bathrooms) and then come back a few hours later to retrieve my little whore. While there she was under my orders to perform any oral service that was requested of her by the partiers. I was paid $350 in advanced for tonight's party and that was not an unusual sum.

Kathren and Lyn stood in front of me and both stared down at their feet. I took out my key ring and told Kathren to hike up her skirt and told Lyn to lower her pants. They both complied and I could see they had both put on their chastity belts. I smiled as I found the appropriate keys and activated the locks, placing both of their sex lives back completely under my control.

"As long as you're good and do your job, your chastity belt will come off once I bring you home." I said, patting Kathren's chastity belt, "I want to make sure that pretty little pussy and tight little ass of yours stays ALL mine!"

I turned my attention to Lyn.

"You, on the other hand, will wear that at least until tomorrow night since you were a bad little bitch! Now tell me, have you done your nightly routine?"

Lyn shook her head no.

"Well... go do it then!"

As I took Kathren by the collar and began to walk out the door I yelled at Julia, reminding her to make sure Dinner was ready and waiting for me when I got home.

-------------------------------

"You little whore! Why can't you give someone else a chance! I've only been allowed two orgasms in the last month and both of those were from fingering myself! I've spent at least a week wearing this chastity belt in the last thirty days and the most common attention I get is a stomach full of piss and a verbal check to make sure I keep milking myself..."

"Well maybe if you hadn't let Mistress know you were such a little piss whore and loved it when she pisses on you..."

"You, on the other hand, haven't had to wear a chastity belt once this month and have been taken to bed by our Mistress at least five nights a week!"

"Just because she loves me more then you..."

"She wouldn't love you at all if you weren't so damn cute!"

"Mistress doesn't even like kissing you... at least on the lips. Not since that time that you let her... you know..."

"You dirty whore! Don't you dare lie to me..."

"It's true! She told me herself! Anyway, you should be happy you get any attention EVER! You're nothing but a cow to her. How long has it been? A year and a half? No, almost two years and you're still producing milk. In fact, you're producing more milk per day then ever before."

"I wouldn't make fun little wench... Kathren makes Mistress money as a prostitute and I make her money by having her sell my milk to her customers, but you don't make her any money at all! I'd start getting nervous if I were...."

"That just proves how much she loves me. She wants me because she likes me and not because I make her money."

"Bullshit!"

"You'd better get milking.... You wouldn't want Mistress to come home and find that you having meet quota yet."

---------

When I came home I found both Lyn and Julia in the kitchen. Julia was just finishing making dinner and I could see that Lyn was still using the breast pumps to milk herself. After seeing all those youthful faces at the party I decided to do something a little different tonight. Lyn was facing away from me and wasn't aware that I was home yet. I could see Julia wanted to welcome me home but I hushed her and quickly advanced towards Lyn.

Once behind her and without asking I grabbed Lyn's hands and pulled the pumps from her leaking nipples.

"Mistress, I wasn't finished yet... I still need to..." She said, spinning around before I cut her off. The last few words just turned into mumbles as her jaw dropped when I placed my mouth over her left nipple and began to suckle warm streams of breast milk into my mouth.

I could hear Julia drop a pan on the floor once she realized what I was doing. I don't know why I had never tried some of Lyn's fresh milk but now that I tried it I kind of enjoyed it. I could feel Lyn's lower body begin to writhe about in all directions as my suckling was increasing her pent up sexual frustration exponentially.

"But.... Ah... What.... Mistress, what are you doing? Dinner will be ready in..." I could hear Julia stutter.

I took my lips of Lyn's wet, slippery tit just long enough to yell at Julia.

"Julia, quit being such a little whiny bitch and let dinner wait. You know.... Lyn has two breasts, why don't you come have a drink."

"I don't really think I should... I have to finish din..."

"That wasn't a suggestion."

Julia reluctantly put down her whisk and came over to Lyn. I had to use my free hand to push Julia's face into Lyn's right breasts and told her I wouldn't let up and let her breath until I saw suckling. For a few seconds Julia resisted but quickly I began to see her cheeks push in and out and the little gulping motion of liquid sliding down her throat.

We continued to suckle the sweet liquid until Lyn let out a long, low moan that signified that we had sucked her breasts dry. At the point I pulled off and wiped the little dribble of milk that had accumulated on my chin off with my finger and then licked that last precious drop and smiled contently.

"Well my little bitches, how about dinner. I'm still a little hungry and I bet Lyn is starved!" I said with a devious smile.