 Her embrace consumes me; I feel safe.

She's strong; I love the feeling of Her arms around me.

She inhales the scent of my hair and nuzzles my neck, Her lips brush softly against my skin.

I return Her kisses as I hold Her. Her skin is warm and soft. Smooth. In turn, I inhale Her perfume, putting my fingers deep into the curls of Her hair.

She pushes me away slightly and with a smile tells me that it's good to see me. 

I tell Her the same. As She caresses my back I melt in to Her. I'm home; I'm with whom I want to be with.

We kiss - simply, softly, and beautifully. She makes the noise that I love and taking my hand She leads me to the bed. We lay for a while, content with the closeness and being together again.

She undresses me to my singlet and panties; Her eyes on mine the whole time and then She pulls off Her dress. She lies on top of me, heart to heart, kissing my forehead, my eyes and ears. 

She calls me beautiful woman as She brushes my face with Her lips. It feels like rose petals on my skin. Her hands on my face, she nuzzles my lips with Hers, just a slight flick of the tongue; so light I'm not really sure if it happened or not.

Through my singlet She takes my nipple in Her mouth and pulls them with Her teeth. I respond with a moan. She does it more and then moves over to the other. I close my eyes, enthralled by Her touch and gentleness.

She moves back to my lips, Her tongue playing with mine. She smiles and asks if I like it; I reply with a deeper kiss and a groan; She knows I do.

She teases me with Her kisses and tongue, fully aware of my erogenous zones that are Hers to explore. In turn, I take Her earlobe in my mouth sucking slowly making Her body press in to mine with approval and She Moves up as I hold the fullness of Her breasts in my hands, my teeth and tongue guiding Her nipples to their peak.

Slowly licking the sides of my throat, nibbling the soft skin there, She moves to my breasts again. Her hands are on my ribcage; I feel the heat of them through my singlet. Feeling Her touch me through the fabric is incredibly sensual and I lose track of sight and sound as I close my eyes and ears and just be.

She pushes my singlet up and lays Her head on my belly for a moment before taking the singlet off and discarding it to one side. As my arms are overhead, She pushes Her face in to my armpit, smelling my scent, telling me that it excites Her.

Our hands move over each other slowly, exploring the softness that is a woman's body. Her fingers go into my panties; just once, to feel my wetness. We both groan at the sensation. She moves deliberately down my body; not too quickly because She loves to tease, and begins to use Her tongue on me through the fabric of my panties, softly biting as She does so. Slowly pulling them to one side, I feel Her licks and kisses before She plunges Her tongue in to me. She knows when to move up, when to move down, when to go faster and when to go slow. She lets me know that She loves this, telling me it makes Her so wet.

As I reach orgasm, She knows to gradually slow right down, as my release can be long. When I finally relax, She's there, kissing me. I can taste and smell myself on Her as she puts Her thigh between mine, soothing me, letting me know that it was amazing and how turned on She gets from my climax.

As we kiss, She pulls me on top of Her and I indulge in the sweet, musky smell and taste of Her armpits. I find the indent at the base of Her neck with my mouth and then move to Her breasts. They're magnificent and I tell her so; Her nipples are hard but soft at the same time and as I fill my mouth with Her hot, meltingly soft flesh I know that this is a super erogenous zone for Her, and so I take time to give each one ample attention. At the same time, I move my hand down Her body to find Her panties are damp, as She told me. I kiss the soft, milky white pillow of Her belly, feeling the softness of Her skin on my lips all the while I smell Her scent, drawing me down.

As She did to me, I nuzzle, lick and bite through Her panties. I know that for Her this is a major turn on, and I wait for the right time to gently pull them aside and lightly flick my tongue over Her.

She moans with pleasure and asks how do I do that? I put my fingers inside Her, feeling Her heat, which always surprises me, and She responds by gripping them tightly. I lick and suck and move my fingers against Her until She climaxes with a cry. I close my mouth on Her and slowly, slowly, slowly remove my hand; She shudders once more as I do this. She pulls me up to Her, hands either side of my face as She kisses me wholly, gradually relaxing and then She lies next to me with Her head on my chest. We hold each other close, knowing that we are each sated for now. 

I am in bliss and so is She.