 The package I courierd to you arrived while you were at lunch. As you settle back into your office after a busy lunch hour, you open the box and find my gift to you. A room key rests on the tissue paper. A note says "room 403, Hilton Hotel, wear this and wait for me after work."

I know how the rest of your work day went. You couldn't concentrate. You found your mind wandering off to that waiting hotel room. You senses were heightened in anticipation of what I have sent for you to wear. I know that your cheeks flushed at the promise of a romantic and sensual evening.

At the stroke of 5:00 you rush out of your office to find a taxi to take you to me. At the hotel you practically run across the lobby to the elevators. 

As you enter the room, you realize that I am not there. On the bed there is another note for you. "I want you soft, perfumed and pretty for me. I'll be there soon. I love you."

Taking advantage of the time to get ready, you run a hot bath using the bath oil I have left on the edge of the tub. As you sink into the hot water you can't help but let your fantasies take over. You can almost feel my hands touching and caressing you. Your can't help but let your hands wander to your delightful pussy and instinctively do what you so want me to be there to do for you.

When you get out of the tub, you dress slowly and deliberately. I know your body well and I have chosen carefully all that I long to see you in tonight. You can hardly breathe knowing how you will feel when I take each piece off slowly. You almost squirm knowing how it will excite me to see you dressed this way.  Because I love that very feminine part of you, you take great care with your hair and makeup. The last touch, that perfume that almost makes me weak.

As you turn on some soft music to set the mood, you notice that there are candles in the room and a bottle of really fine, very mellow red wine. You light the candles and turn off the lamps. You open the wine and pour yourself a glass. You sit quietly listening to the music with your eyes closed.

As I enter the room, I see you sitting there wrapped up in the music, lost in your thoughts. You are such a vision of beauty to me. You are mine. My love for you almost overwhelms me.

"Darling". 

You open you eyes to find me looking at you with lust and love and need. You rise and come to me and kiss me softly on the cheek. You start to unbotton my jacket, but I stop you.

"We have dinner reservations upstairs in 20 minutes. Pour me some wine, my love. We have all night"

I sit down where you were sitting and you bring me a glass of wine. I pull you down into my lap and hold you tightly. You turn to look at me with large excited eyes. You can feel it, can't you? You can feel what I am wearing under my pants. You know it is for you and for you only. I feel your breath become shallow and quick. I sense the anticipation in you. Oh yes, my sweet, it really is all for you. I sip my wine and stroke your back as you tell me about your feeling of waiting and wanting all afternoon. I smile as you tell me how excited you have been to get here and be with me. 

Finally I guide you to your feet and we go to dinner. I hold your hand while we walk to the elevator. On the trip to the roof restaurant, I pull you to me and kiss you deeply. 

After we have settled into our booth and the wine has been ordered, you move close to me. You whisper in my ear that you have dressed as I wanted. You tell me that you have never felt sexier than you do at this moment. I smile at you and tell you that you are always the sexiest woman in the world to me. 

All through dinner you rub your leg up against mine. The sound of your laughter touches off wave after wave of sensuous anticipation in me. The way you put the food in your mouth and the way your tongue wipes over your lips is meant to tease me and entice me. It's working. Does anyone else notice that the way you eat a strawberry is almost illegal it is so provocative? It is a hint of what else that tongue of yours can do. It's my turn to squirm a little.

As I sign the bill, you whisper to me "I want you to make love to me. I want you now". Soon, baby, soon.

In the elevator back down to our floor, you put your arms around my neck and kiss me deeply. You bring your body as tightly to me as you can. I wrap my arms around you and return your kiss with an urgency that I cannot deny. We break apart as the elevator doors open and you walk out ahead of me. I lag behind a couple of steps so that I can admire your ass and legs as you walk towards our room. Your stride is so graceful and so smooth. You move as if gliding on air and I am transfixed by the shape of your ass in motion.

Once inside the room with the door closed and locked, you come to me and unbutton my jacket and slowly take it off me. Underneath my silk blouse, my nipples are erect and begging for your lips. When you start to unbutton my blouse, I take your hands away. 

"I want to watch you. Strip for me. Slowly. Dance for me.". I sit down and pick up the glass of wine I left behind before dinner. I am going to savour each and every movement you make.

I am aware that the black dress I chose for you hugs your curves in all the right places and flatters and enhances your breasts, hips and thighs. It rides just below your shoulders and drapes softly. As you start to remove the dress I see the first glimpse of your slip. It is black also and soft as a whisper. It caresses your legs. You turn around so that I can see how your ass looks through that sheerest and softest of silk. 

Next, the slip is down to the floor and I can see your bra, panties and garter belt. All in the finest black lace. Just a hint of red ribbon winds its way through the lace. Your black stockings make your legs look long and sleek. 

You come over to me so that I can undo the garters for you. I take my time to slowly undo each one. Using the opportunity to feel the softness of your skin. I roll the stockings down your legs and toss them away. I reach up and undo the garter belt and it too falls away.

Then you start to dance for me. Slowly. Hips moving sensuously and slowly. Your hands run over your breasts and across your stomach. Your tongue runs over your lips. You move up close so that your delicious pussy is at my eye level and I can almost feel the heat from it.

I rise from the sofa and kick off my shoes. I take you in my arms and just breath you in. You are intoxicating and I cannot get enough of you. I envelope you and rest my head on your shoulder. I hear you sigh and feel you lean into me. 

I turn your face to me and kiss you. Slowly at first. Softly. Small kisses full of love and tenderness. I kiss your eyes, your cheeks, your chin, your neck, and then finally your mouth. My tongue parts your lips and I dive in and lose myself in you. The taste, the smell, the feel of you . God, how I love you.

Still locked in your arms and kissing you, I back you up towards the bed. I finally release you and lower you to the bed. As you lay there watching me, I remove my blouse and my bra. Next I take of my trousers and panties . I lower myself over you and the dildo I have been wearing under my suit rests at the top of your pussy. I hear you moan slightly. As I look down at your breast I see your chest rise and fall against the lace of your bra. The lace surrounds and molds those beautiful breasts. I kiss that spot just above the bra between your breast and I hear your breath catch. 

I rise on my knees and pull your panties slowly down your legs until they are off and discarded. My fingers brush lightly and softly across the soft hair of your pussy and you bite your lip to keep from crying out. My hands slowly caress you as they make their way to your bra. I undo the front snap of the bra and peel the material back to release those succulent orbs from confinement. Your nipples are hard and dark. I can feel with every fibre of my being how much you want me to possess you at this moment. 

I spread your legs a little further apart and lower the dildo to your waiting pussy. As I start to slide it in, your hips rise up to meet mine. I move in slowly. In and out as slowly as I can bear to. I want to heighten your sensation with each movement. I want to watch your face as all the emotions and sensations play out on your face.

Your hands are playing with my tits. You squeeze the nipples and the electric charge of your fingers runs straight to my pussy. This makes me stroke a little faster and your breathing changes.. I so want to watch you cum for me. I love that small sound you make when I take you to orgasm and see that release play out over your face. I lean down and kiss you before I start to move in and out at an increasing pace. Your hips are bucking under me and you are moaning.. 

"That's right, my love, feel it inside you. Feel it fill you up." Your eyes close and your breathing becomes rapid and that low soft moan starts from your throat. You grab my ass and pull me in to you and beg me to fuck you as hard as I can. I oblige. A few strokes more and I feel your orgasm start. Your body rises up and your legs wrap around me and your pussy juices flow. You rock against me and I can see in your face as wave after wave rolls through your body. I lean down and kiss your breasts and take a nipple in my mouth and suck on it causing you to cry out that you love me.

When I feel your body start to subside, I take the dildo out of you and lay down beside you and pull you to me. I wrap my arms around you and kiss your hair, ears, neck and shoulders. I get your back to me and we lie in the spoon position so that I can still have my hands on your breasts and caress them. I whisper to you while you recover that I love you with all my heart and that I will always be here for you. That we will always be "us". I tell you that I cannot believe how you make me feel. How great my need for you is. You whisper that you love me too. I smile and pull you ever closer to me. My angel, my love.

Soon I hear your breathing become soft and I know that you have fallen asleep. I pull a blanket over us and close my eyes too. I know that you will sleep a short time and then we will find more ways to make this night as special as I meant it to be.