 Wanted: House Sitter

Chapter 1

Authors Notes: I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this work, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission.



Karen and Dave looked over the ad, "House/Dog Sitter wanted, must be mature, experienced and reliable house and pet sitter living in the greater Portland area. Must be flexible, with excellent references. Pay commensurate with experience."

"I think we need more details, hun." Dave said sipping his coffee.

"We can add more if we don't get any responses, dear."

"Okay, so when do you want to start it?"

"Whenever you want to start dealing with the hordes of applicants I'm sure we'll have."

Karen looked at him with a broad grin, knowing he was going to be the one doing most of the interviewing.

A few days went by and Dave put the ad on Craigslist. They weren't in a big hurry since the cruise they were going on was almost six months away and it was only March. Their daughters would have watched the dogs, but each had moved beyond an easy drive to their country home and couldn't stay overnight due to their jobs. Coupled with the fact that the cat's litter box needed daily changes forced them into a corner.

It took a few days for responses to start coming in, some wanted the pets brought to them others were too young and dependent on their parents for transportation; still others thought they lived too far away. It took a few frustrated calls until Dave narrowed it down to three candidates.

He scheduled interviews on a Saturday when Karen could be there. They set up times and made sure the yard was free of dog poop. They wanted it kept that way figuring they would set the standard.

The first candidate showed up late, in a run down junker car, looked shabby and reeked of alcohol. He was quickly shown the driveway.

The second candidate was a young woman about the same age as their daughters, early twenties. She had a nice car, dressed well, and was very polite.

Karen and Dave were on the deck waiting and talking, they saw the dogs' reaction before hearing her car on the gravel path leading down from the main road and up to the house. When she stopped her car the dogs ran up to greet her, their tails wagging and their butts wiggling side to side in excitement. She opened her car door, stepping out to greet them completely "calm and assertive" as Cesar Milan would say.

She was in a flower print sundress, her jet-black hair swirling about her head as she bent over to greet Sadie and Gwen. The two dogs bathed her face with their tongues as they danced around her vying for her attention.

Karen tapped Dave's arm and pointed out the obvious, "They adore her."

"They are labs, dear they adore everyone."

Holding hands, Karen and Dave walked up to meet the young woman. She stood up from petting the dogs, her cheeks glistening with canine affection. To Dave her dark Polynesian complexion looked almost like a milk chocolate candy bar that had been left to warm in the sun, soft, sweet, and delicious. He kept that thought to himself as he let loose of Karen's hand to shake the young woman's.

"Thank you for coming I'm Dave and this is Karen. You've met Sadie and Gwen. Sadie is the yellow."

"Nice to meet you Dave, Karen; I'm Noelani. They are cuties; I have a male chocolate lab Ka-lee."

The dogs ran off to find things for their new friend to throw for them to chase. The trio walked out onto the broad expanse of grass that served as the backyard.

"This is nice, lots of room for puppies to explore." Noelani commented as she looked around.

"We have ten acres, five in Christmas trees, one is the pond, and the rest are just ornamentals and lawn." Dave replied.

"We love the quiet and privacy; it's our little slice of heaven. Noelani, right? Tell us a bit about you, experience, references?" Karen asked.

"Call me Lani, sure. I'm originally from Hawaii, moved here to be with my boyfriend. I'm going to community college getting all my general classes done then I'm transferring to a four year and I hope to become a Veterinarian. Here's a list of people I've sat for."

"That sounds great, Lani. Which school do you plan on going to?" Karen smiled hoping she'd fit into their plans as she glanced over the list then handed it to Dave.

"Oregon State, they have a Vet program and I want to stay in Oregon. I may apply to U.C. Davis but they are extremely hard to get into."

"Lani," Dave smiled thinking the same thing Karen was. "We are looking for a person who can house sit and watch the dogs and cat. We plan on being away a couple of weekends and assuming that works we have a week long cruise planned this summer so that person would watch them that week also. Is that something you might be interested in doing?"

"I think I'd like that, you have a great place out here and the dogs are so cute. I would need some notice prior to those weekends."

"Why don't I go get us something to drink, we can sit on the deck and talk specifics." Dave said.

They walked up to the deck; Dave went inside after getting the ladies drink choices. The two women sat out on the deck as the dogs played, listening to them barking and watching them chase each other. When Dave came back out with their drinks they talked for an hour discussing details and getting to know each other. When Lani left, Dave and Karen contemplated their talk and decided she would be a good match.

The third candidate was a young man in his twenties, the dogs weren't as friendly to him as they were to Lani. They were polite to him and after he left and a brief discussion together Karen called Lani to see when she'd like to return and bring her dog to meet Sadie and Gwen.

A couple of weeks went by until Lani could return with her dog. This time Samantha was visiting and got a chance to meet and talk with Lani. The dogs had an initial curious reaction to each other sniffing and posturing but after a few tense moments they ran off playing and chasing each other.

Dave introduced Samantha to Lani then walked back into the house to tell Karen she was there. He had some work going on in the shop and figured Karen could handle the talk. Samantha and Lani walked towards the pond, following the dogs. Karen joined the two young women as they discussed colleges, finding things they had in common and some quirks about the dogs Lani would be in charge of.

Samantha was impressed with Lani's knowledge of dogs and gave her mother an approving nod. They talked for quite some time about college, Oregon, and animals in general. Oregon State was Samantha's alma mater and she suggested some contacts to Lani. They walked around talking, stopping at one end of the pond and tossing tennis balls for the dogs as they chatted.

Since it was a warm spring day the three women wore shorts and tennis shoes. They soon discovered that rubber boots and long pants would have been better. Each time one of the dogs returned to drop one of the balls it shook and soaked them. Karen suggested wearing the rubber boots they kept on the deck tucked away for winter walking. Lani offered to get them and headed for the deck.

"She's pretty smart mom, I like her. She has an amazing smile and nice personality."

"I'm glad you like her, she'll be house sitting for us when we go to the coast and if things work out for the cruise too."

Their attention returned to the dogs with an occasional glance at Lani, each smiling with different thoughts about her presence there. Karen was happy she had applied and that Samantha liked her. She planned on having Samantha drop by unannounced the first couple of times Lani was there house sitting. Samantha liked her as a possible new friend; she found they had quite a few things in common. She thought she'd ask her if she wanted to go to a charity dog walk at the end of the month, taking the three dogs and her mom.

Samantha thought she was cute also, and maybe her boyfriend had some friends she could get to know. Her group of friends had run out of guys to set her up with and she hadn't had a serious boyfriend since graduating from college two years before.

Lani returned wearing one pair of boots and carrying two more pairs. Samantha and Karen both commented to her as she approached, grinning as they did.

"Very sexy look Lani, I should get my camera." Karen teased causing Lani to blush.

"The little yellows ducks on them are so you, Lani." Samantha giggled.

"They fit and they are functional, that's all I care about. I have small feet, what can I say? If you take pictures I'll call my lawyer because I know you'll use them as blackmail someday."

They all laughed as the dogs ran up once more shaking and getting them wet. Karen and Samantha used each others shoulders to help balance as they replaced their shoes with boots. Lani watched them change while tossing the balls for the dogs. Samantha volunteered to take the shoes back to the deck to avoid further soaking from the dogs.

"Lani, I wonder if you'd like to start house sitting for us. We're thinking about a trip to the coast in three weeks and that would be a chance to see how you like being out here before we do our long trip."

"I'd love to; let me check my calendar and I'll let you know. I don't think I have anything planned."

"Let me know, Samantha or Carol might be here but I can't count on them having the time right now."

"I'll check when I get home and call you."

"Thanks, we'll get together and iron out the details. I'll make a list of people to call in case of emergency and we'll go over the dogs' routines and feeding requirements."

Samantha returned and joined the conversation, listening and making mental notes of her parent's plans. She asked Lani if she'd like to do the dog walk, which happened to be that weekend also. Lani thought that her boyfriend might want to go also that way they each would have a dog. They continued talking for the next hour until the dogs finally wore themselves out and quit returning the balls preferring to lay in the warm spring sun and sleep. Unfortunately for the dogs Lani couldn't stay much longer. Samantha grabbed towels and took the dogs to some clean water and gave them each a bath so they would smell like pond water then changing back into their tennis shoes, Lani said her goodbyes. While loading Ka-lee into her car she promised to call the following week to finalize plans.

After waving their goodbyes Samantha and Karen walked back to the deck. They sat and talked about the weekend plans and Karen made a list of people she thought would be helpful when Lani watched the house and dogs.

Karen met with Lani the following weekend and gave her the tour of the house, a key and a list of phone numbers and any pertinent information she could think of. Lani thanked Karen for the information and put it in a safe place in case she needed it. Since Samantha was coming over to go with her to the dog walk, Lani felt if she had problems Samantha would be there to help.



The big weekend arrived and Lani showed up on Friday afternoon, the weather was warm so she changed into her bikini and let the dogs out to play and swim in the pond. Her boyfriend was away with his buddies camping so it would be the three dogs with Samantha at the walk the following morning. She brought some homework to do, figuring she could do that later in the evening when the dogs were sleeping off their playtime. Ka-lee had been so tired and happy from the swimming during his previous visit she was sure they would all just play while it was light and then sleep till morning.

She grabbed a lounge chair and took it out by the pond so she could keep an eye on the dogs while she sunned. Putting her MP3 player on shuffle she kicked back to watch the dogs play. Occasionally she'd toss a dummy into the pond for the dogs to scamper after. Looking around she decided there was enough privacy; the nearest neighbor was a quarter mile away and Christmas trees filled the space between blocking any possible views. She sat up and released the knot to the top of her bikini slipping it off, laying it at the base of her chair away from the dog's curiosity. She giggled picturing herself topless chasing one of them if they happened to grab it thinking it was a toy.

The sun felt good on her bare breasts, her skin was naturally dark brown and she wasn't too worried about getting sunburned. She lay back against the chair, closing her eyes and enjoying the warmth the sun gave her. She'd peek every so often at the dogs who were playing tug o'war and chasing each other. They calmed down after about 20 minutes and all three came back to her, taking refuge under and around her lounger. With the dogs close by and nodding off, she turned down the volume on her player and drifted off to sleep.

About an hour later she was rudely awakened when the dog that was sleeping under her chair got up. She looked around to see what they were running to and that's when she saw Samantha walking towards her. She stood, smiling at Samantha who started giggling as she approached. Lani couldn't figure out what was so funny as she stood there waiting for Samantha. She removed the ear buds and then realized what Samantha was giggling at. She quickly looked around only to discover one of the dogs had stolen her top and was offering it to Samantha. Samantha took the top and walked towards Lani dangling the tiny cloth as a tease.

"Hi, missing something?"

Lani blushed and attempted to cover her breasts with her arms. Samantha grinned as she handed the tiny wad of fabric back to the Polynesian beauty before her.

"Thanks, I was just taking advantage of the sun. Darn Ka-lee, I thought I had that where they couldn't get it."

"It's okay; I take advantage of the privacy out here too. If you don't mind I'll join you."

Lani turned and covered herself, retying the top.

"I don't mind. Want something to drink? Your parents left tons of stuff for me."

"Sure, I'll get it after I change, you want something?"

"Oh, a coke thanks."

Lani watched as Samantha walked back to the house. She hoped her napping semi naked wouldn't get back to Karen and Dave and if it did she hoped it wouldn't matter to them. She liked being out there and wanted to keep this little bit of easy money she was making. Readjusting her top she sat back down, not worrying about the dogs that had followed Samantha into the house hoping for a treat. After a few minutes Samantha came back out lounge chair in one hand and two cokes in the other. The dogs wagging their tails, returned to playing near the pond barking and having their usual doggie good time.

"How's it going Lani?"

"Pretty good, sorry about the topless thing, the sun just felt too good. I didn't think anyone would be out here."

"Don't worry about it. I'm surprised the dogs didn't hear me drive up; they must be tired from playing so much. You know tired dogs are happy dogs."

"Yeah, they have been enjoying the free time out here almost as much as I am."

Samantha set her chair out parallel to Lani's, arranging it so they could talk. She sat down after opening her soda taking a drink.

"Oh, nice tan by the way."

Lani smiled and giggled, "It sort of genetic, I don't do much to keep it that way."

"It would take me almost all summer to get as dark as you. I did it once in High School and haven't had the time to do it since. I don't tan easily but once I get going I can get pretty dark. No tan lines either I noticed, nice."

"Tan lines are there I'm just dark naturally so they aren't as obvious."

Lani sat up, untied her top and turned towards Samantha. "Wanna see?"

Samantha looked over a little embarrassed, "Very nice, I wish I could devote the time to get that way. You're lucky, Lani, nice boobs too."

"Thanks, I've dropped some weight since moving to the mainland but my boobs stayed the same. I think it's genetic too. All the women in my family have great tits."

They both laughed and Lani sat back against her chair closing her eyes after checking on the dogs making sure they were okay. Samantha sat up and loosened her top setting it beside her chair.

"Don't worry about me telling mom. You weren't doing anything wrong and we lay out here when we can get away with it."

Lani smiled after looking to see what Samantha was doing, she noticed some slight tan lines around Samantha's breasts and smiled to herself.

"You have nice boobs too girl, I know some who wouldn't mind having those."

"Thanks, I guess we're both blessed with good genes."

They both settled back to soak up the rays, sipping their sodas from time to time, checking on the dogs as they played until they settled back around the chairs to nap. Out of the corners of their eyes they would each sneak a peek as they lay there.

After about an hour everyone woke from the naps, the dogs were hungry and begged to be fed. Samantha got dressed then headed back to her house reminding Lani knew what time she'd be around the next day for the walk.

The walk was fun; they got Tee shirts and various goodies for each of the dogs. They walked a couple of miles, talking and getting to know each other better. The dogs enjoyed meeting and greeting the many dogs there for the event.

The remainder of the weekend was routine, Lani relaxed, sunned herself and made sure the dogs had fun. When Dave and Karen returned three happy dogs and a well-rested sitter greeted them. They talked for a bit, Lani told them how the weekend went, about the walk and how great it was to have peace and quiet so she could study. She complimented them on having such well-mannered dogs, thanked them again after she was paid. Karen called Samantha and asked how the walk went. Samantha let her know they had a nice time and the house was in good hands. Neither girl mentioned the sunbathing.

Mid June Dave was called away on business, Karen decided to take that weekend to visit her sisters who lived a couple of hours away by air. Lani came over watching the dogs, making sure the house was fine.

Sunday afternoon Lani was lying out on the deck, the dogs in the pond swimming when Karen came home. She caught an earlier flight. The dogs were lost in their play as she drove up, by the time they noticed her she was walking up the steps to the deck and a sleepy topless Lani. She covered herself as best she could and apologized to Karen for being in that state of undress. Karen told her to just relax repeating what Samantha had told her weeks before. It was fine to be out sunning, they did it all the time. Karen shrugged off Lani's worry then took her bags inside. After about twenty minutes Karen walked back out with dressed only in a bikini bottom. Lani's jaw dropped when she looked over to see Karen's bikinied cheeks facing her, the sound of a lounge chair being drug over.

Karen adjusted the back of her chair while the dogs lay down on the deck. She sat after placing a towel on the chair proceeding to squirt some SPF 15 into her palm, applying it to her upper body while talking to Lani. Lani tried to keep her eyes and mind focused on other things but Karen's breasts distracted her.

"Has it been like this all weekend?" Karen asked as the sound of the lotion spurting into her palms made Lani giggle.

"Yeah, pretty much. I've been studying at night since it's been so nice. I can't see keeping the dogs inside when it's so gorgeous out. It's one more thing I like about being out here, privacy and sun. I want a place like this some day."

"I don't blame you; I'd be out here all day if I could, I love the sun. It apparently loves you too Lani, you've gotten so much darker since we first met."

Lani blushed as a slight tingle shot through her. She didn't know what caused it, maybe the close proximity of Karen or the way she talked, so calm and reassuring. She shivered when the bottle did its little squirt thing again accompanied by the sound of Karen spreading it over her skin.
