 I am always looking to improve my writing and would appreciate feedback, especially from women. I'd like to know what you, the reader, found particularly arousing and what could be improved upon. Feel free to PM me.

All of the characters in this story are 18 or older.

*

My mom and I used to live in a nice rural area neighborhood but there weren't too many others around, at least not my age, but that didn't really matter to me. I don't think I was nerdy but I didn't find a group to fit into nor did I make any close friends; I was merely content to spend a lot of time around the house doing schoolwork, watching TV and reading.

As a sales representative, my mom traveled a lot and often left me alone for a couple of days at a time. I didn't really mind since I always found ways to keep myself occupied.

Like most girls, my sex drive began during my late teens. Given the time I had alone by myself in the house, I had plenty of opportunities to experiment with masturbation, but didn't really find anything that suited me. For some reason, I never could get all that excited but as I would later learn, I just didn't know how to push the right buttons.

My mom hired a house cleaner to clean the house every week or two. She was a woman in her mid-twenties who attended a nearby college and was happy to have the opportunity to make some extra money. For some reason, mom liked to have the house cleaned on Fridays. Evidently, she thought we might have some weekend guests and wanted it clean should any stop by, but few ever did. Our cleaner did a good job and went about the house quietly cleaning, dusting and keeping the place in shape.

On one particular hot, summer day, we had a blackout which killed the lights and the much needed air conditioning. Within a half hour, the stifling heat and humidity began to creep inside. My mom and I sought refuge inside the kitchen and by the still cold refrigerator, each of us enjoying a cup of cold water.

"I'm going down the street to see if the neighbors have also lost their power," Mom said. Looking back at the cleaner as she turned to leave the house she asked, "Would you like some water?"

"Oh yes, please."

"Give her a glass of water," Mom said to me as she closed the door behind her.

I grabbed a glass, put a couple of ice cubes into it, dispensed the water from the refrigerator's door and passed the glass to her.

"Thank you," she said as she tipped her head back to drink.

I could see strands of wet hair clinging to the sides of her face as she hurriedly gulped the water down, spilling some on her white t-shirt which stood out due to her ample chest.

"Thanks," she said as she handed the glass back to me before turning away to resume the cleaning.

I returned to reading my book in our living room but it was getting too hot to focus on the page. I sat back, my eyes wandering around, looking at nothing in particular when I noticed the cleaner busily cleaning near the end of the hallway. I could see the top of her t-shirt was becoming wet from sweat running down her neck. She turned sideways and I watched, curiously, as she grabbed the bottom of her white shirt and lifted it above her head. Her shirt was stuck momentarily as she pulled her long hair through the neck opening, but she casually put it aside. Next, she lowered her head as she reached around and unclasped her bra and moved her arms forward, letting it slide off. She noticed me watching her and as her bra slid down to her hands, she tossed it aside next to her shirt, and then turned to face me. I looked back at her topless body and saw a little smile appear on her face as she shook her shoulders back and forth.

My eyes immediately dropped down to her huge boobs as they flopped back and forth and jiggled like large loaves of bread dough. My eyes were fixed on them in amazement as I have never seen breasts like those before. Not only were they large but the firm white orbs stood out straight and were capped off by large, pink nipples. I stared at them for a while before my eyes followed her hands down to her shorts as she gave a little tug and pulled both her shorts down, revealing a triangular patch of hair. Smiling, she turned around to show me her butt then looked back at me and with a bright smile, wiggled it around and gave me a wink. It was then I noticed she didn't wear any panties. My jaw dropped and I sat there dumbfounded as she pulled her shorts back up and donned her shirt. Now unsupported, I watched as she walked away, her large boobs swaying and bouncing with every step.

A few minutes later, the power and AC kicked back on. My mom came home and the cleaner left.

I lay in bed that night, replaying the entire scene in my head. What did I see? Was she trying to pick me up, tease me or show off? I had no idea what to make of her flashing. That night, I dreamed about her: coming into my room; taking off her shirt and bra; caressing her own breasts; putting her own nipples into her mouth, licking and sucking them; taking her shorts off; standing naked for me as I watched. She then walked over to my bed and lowered her breasts to my mouth for me to suck on. It was one of the most erotic dreams I had ever had.

When I woke up, I realized there was something odd happening between my legs, a certain stirring I hadn't felt before. I slid my hand into my panties and found my lips wet but didn't know why. I brought my fingers to my nose to smell the wetness to see if it was pee but it smell different. I realized it was wetness from the arousal I experienced in my dream. I slid my hand between my legs, again and moved my index finger over my slit, parting my lips. I reached around felling for my clit and when I touched it, it sent a chill through my body. It just felt so good. I then pushed and rubbed it and found that it was bigger and firmer than ever before. As I massaged it, I soon found myself gasping for air. It felt so good, and the more I rubbed, the better it felt. After a few minutes, I reached down under the covers and took my panties off then spread my legs wider. With my left hand, I reached down and my fingers felt the opening of my vagina to be very wet. I pressed my finger against its opening and it easily slid inside.

My right hand was working furiously, rubbing back and forth. My nipples were now rock hard and I could feel butterflies growing inside my stomach. Something was happening between my legs, something I had never before experienced. The feeling continued to grow until my entire body was engulfed in a wave of ecstasy. I cried out as the muscles in my body simultaneously tensed as my first orgasm shuddered through my body, and then went limp. Moments later, I laid there in bed, exhausted and trying to catch my breath. I couldn't believe what had happened; never before had I dreamed such sensations existed and I wanted it to experience them again!

My left hand was very wet and I moved my fingers closer to take a look. I could see the sticky fluid on my fingers, white in the thick areas. I smelled it and found it was a little sweet and musky, maybe a little bitter. I touched my finger to my tongue to taste some of it. It tasted stronger than it smelled and I enjoyed it as the product of great pleasure. My mind raced back to the image of the cleaner. Behind her pubic hair were her lips and undoubtedly, the same girl juice I was tasting. I wondered what she looked like between her legs. What did she smell and taste like? I imagined my juice covered finger had been pulled from her vagina instead of mine and the thought of tasting her sent another shudder through my body. My clit grew hard once more and I pushed my finger inside my vagina to collect more of the fluid, then put it in my mouth and sucked all of the flavorful juice off. The image of doing this to the cleaner sent me off and after rubbing myself for a only minute or two more, I had my second orgasm. I don't know if my mom had heard me, but I could care less!

The next week or two was a repeat of that morning as I masturbated nearly every day, closing my eyes and envisioning her naked body, her breasts, rear and vulva. I started getting better and with practice, could cum harder and faster. Unfortunately, it was three weeks before I saw the cleaner next. Mom and I were leaving as she arrived but I got to see her once more and replenish my memory with the sight of her body.

To keep the fantasy fresh, each new masturbation session was a variation of the ones previous plus something new. I had to imagine doing something even more sexy or erotic and in time, my fantasies grew from seeing her naked, to touching her, to sucking her nipples and running my tongue between her legs. It was like an addiction and I constantly needed more to reach the same level of arousal. My fantasy turned into an obsession and it wasn't long before I began to crave her...I wanted her so badly. As the fantasies began to wear out, it became apparent that only reality could ever replace them. What if I really did touch, kiss, suck or lick her? But how was I to get her? I couldn't walk up and tell her what I was thinking of, especially if my mom was around, after all, what if she told my mom? I had to come up with a plan.

One day I was home alone, naked on the bed and rubbing myself with my eyes closed. I imagined her walking into my room and standing there, watching my fingers run around between my legs. After watching me for a moment or two, she would take her clothes off and join me on the bed. I reenacted this scene a couple of times in my mind and it occurred to me that it might actually work! If I presented myself to her, could I get her to make the first move? I was really making a passive play at her and one I could always pass off as an innocent act--it just might work! All I needed was time alone with her in the house without my mom around.

As it turned out, the opportunity took place the next weekend. On Monday, Mom told me she had to leave mid afternoon of the coming Friday, shortly before the cleaner was due. All I could think about all week long was how to make my fantasy a reality. At first, I masturbated twice a day but stopped the Wednesday prior so I would be real horny when she arrived.

That Friday, my mom went over the food she had left for me, gave me her intinerary, emergency contact information and money for the cleaner. Typical of most moms, she wanted no detail left out.

"Mom..." I assured her. "I just turned 18. I'm a big girl and take care of myself."

"Of course you can, honey," she said as she gave me a quick kiss before heading out the door. As I watched her leave, I looked down the street for any sign of the cleaner.

I made sure the front door was unlocked, went to my room and took all off all of my clothes. I had butterflies in my stomach, a combination of nervousness, excitement and arousal. I could see my hard nipples sticking out and I felt the wetness between my legs. I opened my bedroom door as far as possible, walked out into the hallway and looked back from where she would be as she passed my room. Noting that the corner of the bed closest to the door was the best place, I planned to put my feet on the sides of the corner, knees bent and raised high with my legs as wide as I could comfortably place them apart. There I would lay on my back while rubbing myself as she walked by.

The sound of tires on the road outside sent me jumping up and scrambling to the window to peer out between the blinds. It was her! Her back was to me and she was bent over inside the door of her car, collecting some of her cleaning items. The sight of her sent my heart beating fast and hard. Once more I reminded myself I could pass it off as an inconvenient time for her to walk by if she wasn't interested in me. The front door opened and I immediately laid down with my butt near the corner of the bead. There I was, naked, legs spread and ready to expose myself to her.

"Hello," she called from the doorway.

I didn't respond to her but began to rub my very wet pussy. All of these past weeks of fantasizing about her were about to come together and it was a do or die moment. I was hoping things were going to work out; I needed to see her naked body, touch her and taste her. I tossed my head back and closed my eyes as I thought about her seeing me naked, walking toward me and watching me masturbate. I could hear her walking inside the house and then nothing. Determined to carry my plan through, I continued to rub myself and felt an orgasm building up; my heart and breathing became fast and within moments, my body convulsed as I came. Afterwards, I placed my fingers in my mouth, enjoying the sweet taste. I was in my own little world of orgasmic bliss and didn't care if anyone was watching and almost forgot about the cleaner. Finally, my eyes slowly opened, looking straight up at the ceiling, then moving down to see her face.

"Oh, hi!" I said, pretending to be startled.

"I was enjoying your little show!" she replied. Each of us looked at the other for the moment.

"Sorry, I didn't know you were there." I paused for moment to draw up some courage.

"I was thinking about you."

"Oh?" she replied, with a sheepish smile.

"When you flashed me and showed me your breasts."

"Did you like that?" She looked behind her and turned back to me and asked, "Are we alone?"

I nodded my head. Her eyes were locked on me as she lifted her shirt off, revealing her large breasts that nearly spilled over her bra. Using both hands, she undid the clasp in the back and let it fall to the floor and once more, I was staring at the most beautiful boobs I had ever seen. She walked toward me and leaned down. I began to reach up to touch her when she grabbed her left breast and placed it in my face. Her skin was warm and I could feel her nipple trail across my cheek as I turned my head to meet it with my mouth. Her nipple slid between my lips and I parted them slightly to let my tongue touch her pink protrusion. A moment later, I opened my mouth as wide as I could and sucked in as much of her fair flesh as possible as my tongue wiped over her skin, finding the nipple then flicking it back and forth.

"That feels nice. Have you ever sucked on a woman's tit before?" Looking at her with her boob in my mouth, I wiggled my head back and forth.

"That's right. Use your tongue. You do it so nicely!"

She looked over to the area between my legs and I flinched as she moved the tips of her fingers against the skin of my waist, trailing down through my pubic hair and towards my pussy; it was the first time anyone had ever touched me there. Undeterred, she moved her fingers down my slit and slowly around my clit, massaging it. It was my first sexual experience and having someone else touch my body sent it into spasms; causing me to breathe heavy. Minutes later, I had to release her breast from my mouth so I could catch my breath. I wiggled my hips a little, moving them in conjunction with the rhythm of her fingers to put pressure on my clit and before long, my mouth dropped open and my head fell back as I cried out with another orgasm. I looked up into her eyes and she looked down at me with a big smile.

"Oh my god, that felt good!" I said under my breath.

"You liked that I see," she commented.

"Oh yes." I said.

"You came quite hard," she said.

"Oh, yea." I said between breaths.

"That excited me too," she said as she kicked off her shoes.

Her eyes were fixed on mine as she slid her pants down to her thighs (she wore no panties) before letting them fall to the floor and lifted her legs out of her pants. My eyes quickly moved to and were fixated on her pussy. I stared at her pubic hair, trimmed but covering only about half of the skin below her bikini line. There I could see the cleft of her lips beneath the thin bush. So long have I fantasized about this moment, I studied every bit of her and etched it into my memory. I refused to move to eyes from what I so badly desired. She looked down at me for several moments. I could see her out of the corner of my eye but I refused to take my eyes off her pussy to return her stare.

"Do you like my pussy?" Without looking up, I nodded my head.

"It's pretty, pink and tastes good. Would you like to see it?"

"Yes!" I said, nodding my head.

She looked at me as she reached down and lifted the two halves of her labia and pulled them apart. Despite her efforts, I couldn't see much.

"Would you like to taste my pussy? Would you like to run your tongue up and down my pink slit and lick up all of my pussy juice? Would you like to stick your tongue inside my hole? Would you like to tongue fuck my pussy?"

I was taken aback by her comments given their crudeness, but nodded as I spoke a barely audible, "Yes."

I didn't take my eyes off of her pussy as she lifted one knee, then the other, onto the bed until her breasts, draping down from above, began to sway back and forth. I briefly looked up to see them moving in sync, her nipples extended and pointing down at me and her areolas pimply with little bumps. She lifted one knee over my head and straddled my face as I looked up to see her pussy then back up at her eyes, partially blocked by the undersides of her large breasts. She reached down, placing the tips of her fingers on her labia and pulled them apart. Now I could see her lips well, they reminded me of sliced roast beef, light brown on the edges and red in the center. Atop the pink strip of flesh I saw her clit poking out slightly, wrapped in a thin tissue lining, then a large flat area that appeared moist and at the bottom was a depression filled with irregular bumps which I knew was her vaginal opening. I had only seen a few pictures and only slightly glanced at my pussy, but was mesmerized by hers.

"Do you like my pussy?" she asked.

I nodded my head then she spread her knees slightly and lowered herself towards my face. I fixed my eyes on her pussy as her scent filled my nostrils, she smelled like mine but so much stronger and more powerful given that hers was inches away. As she lowered herself, I lifted my head, raising my mouth to meet her womanhood. I could feel her wetness on my lips and extended my tongue out, parting her labia. I moved my tongue in further against her pink flesh, then up, down and in all directions, sliding it around within the confines of her thick pussy lips.

"That's right," she said. "That's good!"

I wasn't sure of what do so I kept dancing my tongue around her pussy as her fingers rose up the side of her labia and pulled her lips apart near the top, revealing her clit again.

"Lick my clit," she said as she thrust her hips forward.

I tilted my head back slightly to raise my mouth while I stuck my tongue out further to meet her clit and rolled it over her little pink bump. Her hips jerked back slightly at the touch, then resumed the same position for more tonguing. I drove my tongue against her clit, attacking it, putting pressure on the little bud and wiggled it around.

"Oh yes, that feels good! Oh, you do that so well."

I looked up at her, the large undersides of her breasts and her nipples jutting out and pointed upward. Beyond her chest, I could see her tense face and her eyes were focused, looking down at me. Her hips swayed, slightly, back and forth so my tongue was now running up and down over her clit, licking the underside, then running over the top and back down again. Heat from her inner thighs radiated out towards my ears and I could hear her breathing increase. Her hands left her pussy lips, which now remained open on their own, as she reached up and squeezed her breasts while her fingers pinched her nipples while pulling them outward.

Her hips began a rhythm and continued swaying back and forth, carrying her slit back and forth over my mouth. Each pass increased in distance until taking my tongue swept across the full length of her pussy from her clit to her asshole. As she arched her back he hands rose to run her fingers through her hair and her large firm breasts stuck way out off her chest. I would have reached out to grab them had her thighs not pinned my shoulders. I could feel her warm and wet pussy juice trickle down and over my chin, providing a lubricated saddle for her to ride. Each time her vagina passed over my tongue, I got another taste of her sweet and bitter juices and after a few minutes, her hips moved so her clit was directly over my tongue and I worked on it...hard. Her breaths became slow but deep, then stopped before I heard a slight cry as air barely escaped her lungs and her hips and thighs shuddered alongside my face with involuntary spasms. Knowing she was close to cumming, I worked my tongue even harder, pressing it against her clit until she finally gave out a long cry, sliding her hips and pussy back and away from my mouth.
