 Henna pressed her fingers to the collar around her throat as the door slammed behind her. Her gaze took in the room around her in a glance, her thoughts moving to what would soon be expected of her. She was different from the others, it made her an oddity that everyone claimed they had to experience. Such a demand gave her little time to relax, but it was hardly her place to complain. 

Henna was a kept woman, held by a house, rather than a single person. Her name spoke of her heritage. The daughter of a harem mistress and a client, her mother had expected her appearance to change as she'd grown. Rather than the deep sable locks of her mother, or the inky black of her father, Henna's hair was gold. Where her mother was all curves and her father all sharp angles, Henna's body was lithe, curving just enough in the right spots to draw notice and flat enough in others so as not to detract from that. Her skin was fair enough to burn in the sun, completely opposite of her mother who's skin darkened into a tantalizing tan, or her father's, which kept the same olive complexion no matter what time of year it was. The only part of Henna's appearance that kept her mother from being thrown to the lions for sleeping with a man other than the sheik were her eyes. The color of honey, they nearly glowed when she was pleased. So much like her father's that her parentage was undeniable. 

It didn't keep her from being sold away, however, after her mother passed on. At tweny-four, she'd led a sheltered life in the harem. Not expected to be anything other than herself, she'd been sold a virgin. That had been changed the night the House of Ryaki purchased her, though. They had no place for virgins. They had a big place for women with golden hair and eyes like honey. That she wasn't plump, had the right curves and tempted every man in the House on sight upon her arrival in the auction secured her place. Not that they'd ever touched her. Her virginity had been discarded by a woman trained in birthing who worked in the House. Memories of the long rod the woman thrust into her brought a wave of something Henna couldn't identify moving through her. She pushed the memory aside and moved across the room, taking in the furnishings around her.

The bed was draped in silks in tones of jewels. Amethyst, Ruby and Sapphire all vied for proper attention as they were draped over the canopy and held in place with golden velvet ropes. The pillows stacked halfway down the bed echoed the coloring and set off the same tones in the coverlet underneath. A pair of double doors stood open just to the side of the bed, a balcony of ivory marble stretching out towards the glittering water of the sea beyond. The moon hung overhead, low in the sky and large from her perspective. A sea breeze drifted through the open doors and lifted the ivory silk hangings from their slumber, stretching them towards her. 

A fire roared in the grate to her left. A heavy sideboard held a collection of liquids that Henna knew to be alcohol. Whose nerves it was supposed to loosen was up for debate, since no one had told her not to drink it. A table stood near the fireplace, the wood matching the sideboard and bed in the flickering firelight. A double drawer cabinet nestled close to the bed, the top drawer opened a crack and a rich ruby colored length of silk draped down the front. Floor pillows lay scattered in piles in various places in the room and Henna smiled a bit, thinking of all the preparation that had gone into this room. 

Her fingers traced the collar as she moved towards the doorway to the balcony, the thin white silk moving with the breeze and caressing her curves as she brushed the window hangings out of the way and stepped into the balmy evening air. The collar was a symbol of her purpose. It announced to the guests below that she was one of the Kept. It announced that she was not a servant and was available purely for their pleasure. It was the one garmet they were not allowed to remove. She could hear the tinkle of laughter from below and wondered what collection of guests Mirabelle had gathered for this night's entertainment. 

The House of Ryaki was a house of entertainment, nestled into the warm air of Juran. It was well known and well thought of, despite its reputation and known sources of income. There were six of the Kept on the list for entertaining each party of the House; three women and three men. The party always consisted of, at least, six people. Sometimes there were more. In the case of this night, the House had been rented to a couple throwing a welcome home party for a close friend. It meant there would be a steady stream of people during the night house, coming and going from the house. Henna had no way of knowing how many would find their way to her room. 

The party sounded as if it were in full swing below, though how many people attended was unknown. The sound of a bell ringing below was her signal to return to her room. The first guest would appear soon. She heard Mirabelle's voice carry through the air from below, explaining the rules, the schedules and the general layout of the house.

"First, let me welcome you to the House of Ryaki. We hope you much enjoy your time spent here and believe you will enjoy exploring all of the pleasures we have in store for you this evening. We have few rules, but those rules are important and we expect them to be followed. Not adhering to them will result in your immediate expulsion from the House. Our first rule is to respect the pleasures of those around you. There is a sign on every door of the house. If the room is in use, you have but to turn the sign. If you see a red sign on a door, please do not enter it, as you will disrupt the entertainment within. Our second rules is to respect the staff of the House. No matter their place within this evening's entertainment, they cannot serve others if they are distraught. The servants below are paid servants. The role you see them filling is the role they are paid to fill. Any attempts to lure them from their duties is a breech of this rule. The servants upstairs may be lured away, provided they give their approval and their duties have been served, met or they are waiting to serve those duties. The occupants of the rooms upstairs..." Mirabelle paused and Henna could nearly see the smile stretching across her lips. "...are here for your pleasure. The rooms are labeled and you will see the same signs as any other door upon these six doors. If the room is occupied, you may step to the door nearby and watch the room's proceedings unseen, unheard and unknown to the occupants in that room. I'm sure you all understand these rules. The last thing I will tell you is that everything occurring in this establishment is consensual. If anyone, at any time, says no, you are to respect that and look elsewhere for your pleasures. Are there any questions?"

There was a low murmur of voices, but no one question stood out and Mirabelle's voice didn't carry in answer to any of them. "Very well, then," she said, making Henna turn on her heel and move into the room behind her. "Please enjoy your time at the House of Ryaki and feel free to ask for any assistance you need." There was a smattering of applause and the sound of people moving around below her as Henna settled into the chair against the center of the far wall. The first guest would be arriving soon, she knew, and curiosity made her skin tingle with anticipation. What pleasures would this night's work bring? 

Henna didn't have long to wait before the door to her room was opened. It swung back silently on its hinges, admitting a woman with rustling skirts. Henna didn't move from the chair as the door closed behind the woman. She took the opportunity to look at her guest, to try to gauge what this guest would require of her. The woman seemed to be taking in the room, nodding in approval at its appointments, her deep russet hair bound in a knot on the top of her head that bobbed as she nodded. Finally her eyes rested on Henna. Her green eyes lit with interest and she took another step towards the center of the room before halting. 

Henna rose to her feet, then, moving to meet the woman in the center of the room. She bowed formally, her curtsey bent at the precise angle to show the crease of cleavage over her bodice. The woman's curvy frame reminded Henna of her mother a bit, or rather of Geanna, the closest thing to a sister Henna had ever had in the harem. "Greetings, my lady. I am Henna. How may I be of service?" 

The woman stretched her hand to Henna's cheek, her fingertips caressing Henna's skin in wonder. Abruptly the woman turned, presenting Henna with the row of buttons that marched down her back. "First, you can free me from this dress." 

Henna bit back a smile and lifted her hands, quickly and deftly slipping each silk covered button from its button hole and spreading her hands down the woman's back with each parted piece of silk. She stepped closer as she finished the last of the buttons, pressing her breasts into the woman's back as she slowly urged the silk from her arms, freeing her torso from the silk. Henna untied the corset, spreading it open with her fingers. She eased the lacings from the corset and dropped it to the floor in front of the woman. She then eased the skirts down over the under dress, pausing a moment to note how the fine linen was put together so she could more easily remove it. 

There was no tie holding it to the woman's body and Henna smiled again, lowering herself to her knees with the dress and skimming her hands under the under dress up the woman's shapely legs. Her fingers brushed over the silk garters and she heard the woman's breath hitch in her throat. Henna lifted the under dress over the woman's body, skimming her fingers up the sensitive flesh exposed until she lifted the under dress free and dropped it on top of the corset. Her voice pitched low, she stepped close to the woman again, "What would you have me do next, my lady?" 

The woman turned slowly back to Henna. Henna had seen beautiful women all her life and the woman before her could've held her own among the best of them. Wearing nothing but a garter belt, garters and silk on her legs and a scrap of silk covering her nether regions, she was breath-taking. "Honestly, Henna, I don't know. I've never done this before..."

Henna smiled slowly, stretching a tentative hand to the woman's breast. As her fingers caressed the full flesh of the globe. "I have, my lady, many times, in fact. Do you trust me to see to you?" 

The woman appeared to hesitate for a moment, finally nodding at Henna. Henna smiled and traced her fingertips from the now erect nipple down the woman's arm and took her hand, leading her to the bed. She eased the woman onto the bed and turned back, pulling a hassock from the bedside and dragging it across the room and settling it in front of the woman on the bed. 

She kneeled on the hassock, leaning towards the woman and lightly brushing her lips on her neck, over her collarbone, pressing a kiss to the pulse beginning to beat wildly a the base of her throat. Her hands toyed still more with the now taut nipples until her lips moved lower to them. As she brushed her cheek against the creamy flesh, she moved underneath, tracing the crease under her breast with the tip of her tongue. Hands clasped Henna's head, fingers moving into her hair as she moved up over the nipple, taking the peak into her mouth and sucking lightly. 

The woman moaned and her fingers tightened almost painfully in Henna's hair. Henna ignored it, though and moved her hands over the woman's abdomen, brushing her hip bones and leaving a shiver in her wake. Her fingers lifted the hem of the silk covering the core of her womanhood and gently probed through the flesh she found there. No hair met her fingertips and Henna smiled as she moved to the other nipple, using one free hand to roll the wet nipple between her fingers. 

Henna felt the first rush of moisture reach her fingers as she stroked the lower lips of the woman before her. With a deliberate slowness, she eased a finger inside the woman, earning another tightening of the hold the woman had on her head. The flesh around her finger was soft and caressing as she eased it further inside the woman. The heat was amazing and Henna wondered briefly at her claim of innocence in this area. She eased her finger free and the woman whimpered softly. With a short laugh, Henna added another finger, using two to stretch her and judging by the tightness around her skin how much this woman could take. 

Deciding that the woman was simply too tight to take more than two fingers, she eased the woman onto her back. She stood, pressing her fingers into her and curling them towards the button of pleasure against the front wall of her vagina. The body before her convulsed in pleasure and another moan filled the air. Henna pumped her fingers into the woman a moment before withdrawing. She stopped by the head of the bed and reached for a thick pillow, tossing it toward the end of the bed before she turned to the cabinet next to the bed. She slid a drawer open and lifted a few items from inside, closing it again as she moved back to the hassock at the end of the bed.

She lifted the woman's left leg, releasing the garter belt and easing the silk away from her flesh on that side before repeating it on the other. Once it was resting on the floor beside the hassock, she eased the pillow under the woman's back, changing the angle of her hips so that she was completely open and her back was arched sharply. As she adjusted the pillow, Henna blew lightly on the wet folds of skin before her, earning a moan from the woman now laying open before her. Henna sank back onto the hassock, reaching for the small array of tools she'd pulled from the cabinet. A string of beads, thick and ribbed was her first choice. She was intimately aware of how amazing this felt and knew the woman before her would agree before long. She leaned forward, bringing the beads to touch the woman's entrance, her tongue seeking out the clit buried in the folds before her. She felt the little button and flicked her tongue over it as she eased the first bead inside. The moisture renewed itself before her and Henna smelled the musky scent of the woman's pleasure as she used her free hand to part the skin, baring the little nub of nerves to the evening air. She parted her lips, closing them around the sensitive spot and twirling her tongue around it as she eased another bead inside her. 

She sucked lightly on the woman's flesh, gnawing a little with her teeth and easing another two beads inside while the woman writhed before her. Wanting to test the effectiveness of the beads on this sensitive woman, she quickly pulled on the strand, popping two beads free of her. The woman's body shifted with each bed and still more moisture met Henna's tongue. She slid the beads back in slowly, taking her time and prolonging the sensation as her body accepted each one, stretching around it before closing again behind it. 

"Are you ready, my lady?" Henna asked, her voice husky with her own reaction to bringing pleasure to this guest. 

"Please..." the woman whispered and Henna nodded, sucking the woman's flesh into her mouth roughly as she pushed another bead inside and pulled two back out. She teased the knot of her clit and repeated the give-one-take-two action with the beads until the woman was shaking on the edge of release. She pushed all of the beads to the last one inside her, a groan of pleasure filling the air around them. Still gnawing lightly on the hard nub, she stretching her fingers inside the woman, pinching the bead between her fingers and easing around it until she found the top of the bead. With a quick jerk she pulled half of the strand out, the body under her lips convulsing with each bead as it came free of her. 

The woman was beyond words and Henna pushed her further, increasing the ferocity in her gnawing as she shoved the beads back in and pulled them free again. The second time the beads came free, Henna got what she was after and the woman tensed, moisture flooding Henna's tongue as she found her release. Smiling in satisfaction, Henna licked the folds of flesh clean of their own fluids, earning another shudder from the woman laying in a sweaty heap on the bed. 

Once the woman was calm and her body showing no signs of her release, Henna stood and sat on the edge of the bed. She waited for the woman to recover, watching the color even out on the pale woman's skin. Those green eyes opened slowly, taking Henna in as she sat on the edge of the bed. She slowly sat up and stretched her hands towards Henna's face. "I would give you pleasure, Henna. Teach me how?"

A tremor shivered through Henna and she nodded. "Whatever you wish, my lady. I am here for your pleasure."

The woman smiled and nodded back. "It would be my pleasure to learn to please you as much as you have pleased me."

"Then it will be my pleasure to show you, my lady." Henna answered.

"How do I start?" The woman's voice was unsure and Henna returned to her feet, lifting the white silk gown from her body and dropping it in a whisper to the floor. 

"Start wherever you wish, my lady. I will tell you how to enhance the sensations you are creating if the situation deems it needful. Just imagine what it would feel like against your own skin and you cannot go wrong." Henna tried to keep her tone even, matching the tone her own teachers had given her. 

"Very well, Henna." The woman stood and crossed the room to Henna, leading her to the fireplace before returning to the bed for the hassock. Once she positioned the hassock where she wanted it, she turned back to Henna. "On your knees, then, over the hassock."

A thrill shot through Henna as she sank to her knees and leaned over the hassock, resting her belly on the soft velvet covering. The hassock was just big enough to hold her middle torso, her breasts hung off the other side and she braced her hands against the floor. She heard the woman moving, but didn't have to watch her to know where she was headed. The cabinet door swung open and she heard the woman moving things inside before she heard the doors close again and the sound of the woman's heels clicking on the ground toward her. The hassock was positioned so that Henna looked directly into the fire, the heat caressed her skin like a lover and it gave her an involuntary shiver. 

She heard movement behind her and felt the tentative touch of her guests hands on the backs of her thighs, parting her legs and exposing her heated flesh to her eyes. She stayed that way a long moment before Henna felt the initial probing of the girls finger. She closed her eyes, focusing her attention on how inexpert those fingers were and how, even as clumsy as they were, they still managed to incite heat inside her. 

"Press your finger inside, my lady, draw the moisture out. It will make whatever you do afterwards much easier." Henna's voice was husky, but the woman didn't seem to notice as she mimicked Henna's earlier testing, probing and then pushing a finger inside her. She did it with a slowness that spoke of previous fear and Henna wondered at it a moment before she continued. "Good, now try two..."

She nearly moaned as she felt the woman quickly tuck two fingers inside her as far as they would go. Her body stretched around the intrusion, making her shiver. Before Henna could give further instruction, she felt them moving in and out of her, the strokes becoming harder with each thrust of her hand. She did moan then, arching her back and throwing her head back. A light giggle came from behind her and Henna smiled. 

The smile was cut short as she felt the press of something else entering her. It was smooth and solid, so it wasn't the beads. It was cold, so not the phallic rod. Henna shivered, realizing then what was inside her. The shaft of iron molded to mirror the phallic rod. It even had the lip along the tip that created so much sensation as it was plunged into her and jerked back out. As suddenly as it started, it halted, though she felt it tracing a line up towards her anus. She moaned then, trying to find her voice. "Make sure the rod is very moist and take your time entering there, otherwise it will cause more pain than pleasure." 
