 I thought for a moment before I blurted it out, but the wine and water didn't exactly add to my sense of propriety. Besides, it was just a sophomoric game, and it was well on its way in this direction anyway.

"Have you ever used a vibrator?" I asked Cathy with a gleam in my eye and a mischievous smile on my lips. Paige laughed and shot me a knowing glance out of the corner of her eye...she knew she'd probably have to field the same question.

Had we not been inebriated already, Cathy may have reacted differently. As it was, she simply feigned shock and giggled before she answered.

"NO!" She spat defensively, "Have you?" Both women burst into laughter. Within the last few questions, the game had turned into a challenge of one-upsmanship, with each question more shocking than the last. The heat and the alcohol were combining to melt all of our inhibitions away, and we were having a great time. As the laughter subsided, Cathy looked to Paige. "Same question to you." She said predictably as she raised her glass to her lips to take another sip.

"And the dare?" Paige asked as she weighed her options.

Cathy thought a moment, and then threw out the challenge: "You have to run down to the dock and back."

Since we had all long-since shed our bathing suits, and Paige was far from an exhibitionist, I knew immediately which option she would take- I was just surprised by her answer.

"In that case," she paused "No, I have never used a vibrator." She looked at me and started laughing instantly.

"Bull-shit!" I yelled on cue. "You love that thing more than you love ME!"

"Well YOU gave it to me!" She cried defensively between cackles.

Cathy was nearly crying as she fought to catch her breath. "No way!" she said incredulously. "YOU?"

"Hey, don't knock it until you've tried it!" Paige laughed. 

When the laughter subsided, I reminded her of the rules. "You can't lie..." I said with a smile. "That's the whole point. You have to be punished." I stated matter-of-factly, looking to Cathy who was nodding in agreement.

"Well I'm not running down to the dock," Paige cautioned. "What would the neighbors say? We could never come back!"

"Well then," I offered as judiciously as I could, "I say the punishment should fit the crime." I looked at Cathy for moral support. "Since you love your vibrator so much, I think you should make out with it." 

"You brought it with you?" Cathy asked as she continued to laugh.

"All right." Paige conceded with a smile as she ignored Cathy's question, "but wait until it's my turn...you'll be sorry!"

She stood up and stepped out of the hot tub, quickly donning her robe. "Anybody need a refill while I'm up?" She offered as she turned to walk into the house.

"Just bring the bottle" I suggested as I surveyed the nearly empty glasses. "We're going to need a lot more wine if the game continues like this."

"I'll say." Cathy nodded agreement. She leaned her head back and savored the warm bubbles for a moment.

Paige returned quickly with a fresh bottle of wine in one hand, and her vibrator in the other. She handed me the wine as she shed her robe.

"My true love!" She announced as she held the vibrator aloft and stepped back into the tub. 

"It's so small!" Cathy observed and she giggled again.

"It's not the size that counts..." I chided as I looked to Paige and smiled. "Is it?"

"No it certainly isn't!" Paige agreed, holding it up and twisting the "on" switch as she sank into the water. The vibrator buzzed joyfully to life, singing a high pitched tune and demonstrating the secret of its sex-appeal.

Cathy chuckled with glee. "Now let's see you kiss it!"

Paige rolled her eyes to demonstrate her displeasure with the ludicrous demand. Then she brought the buzzing plastic to her mouth and planted a kiss on the tip. 

"Oooh, it tickles my lips!" She complained as she took it away. "Can I at least turn it off?"

"No way," I said, "You made your bed, now sleep in it!"

"What if ..." she paused to gather her thoughts, "I had a better idea?" She smiled slyly and gave me a wink.

"I'm listening" I said as I peeked at Cathy out of the corner of my eye. She wasn't sure what to make of this unexpected twist.

"Well," she said as she chewed on an evil grin and glided across the tub toward her friend. "Cathy has never felt a vibrator...and I think she should know what she's been missing."

Cathy's broad smile faded. 

"No way." She protested, "This is your punishment, not mine...I'm not going to..."

"Relax," Paige interrupted as she held up her hand. "You don't have to do a thing... besides, it certainly isn't punishment."

I felt Cathy's leg bump into mine as Paige gently pushed her knees apart and slid in between them. Cathy glanced nervously back and forth between us as Paige brought the vibrator up and gently brushed her friend's cheek with it. A grin tentatively returned to Cathy's face, but her posture remained stiff with apprehension as Paige traced a seductive path with the buzzing wand over her chin and down her neck into the steamy water. Seconds later, the vibrator found its mark.

"Oooh! It kind-of tickles" Cathy shivered as she wrinkled her nose and smiled. 

"Not for long!" Paige promised. "Just lean back and relax, let me do all of the work."

Cathy sighed reluctantly but leaned her head back and closed her eyes, apparently resolved to accept my wife's attentions without further protest. Within 60 seconds her comportment had changed noticeably. Her breathing became labored and her brow furrowed as though she were in a state of deep concentration. I felt her leg press against mine as she tried to spread them wider. Paige noticed the shift in demeanor and leaned in to whisper to her friend. 

"Nice, isn't it?" she asked Cathy as she continued to manipulate the vibrator with precision.

"Oh, yeah" Cathy cooed. "It feels so good."

"I'm glad that I can be of service." Paige replied, leaning in further and planting a delicate kiss on her friend's cheek.

"Mmmm, me too" groaned Cathy as she lifted her head and looked at Paige through heavy eyes. Her expression had melted into something unabashedly desirous. She moaned softly and reached out, pulling Paige's naked body to her own and planting a gentle kiss on her lips. They looked into each others' eyes for a moment, and then pressed together passionately; Cathy clutching Paige's hair and moaning as their tongues entangled in a long, wet kiss. 

When they finally parted, Cathy leaned her head back again and gasped as Paige's magic touch continued to make progress. Paige contented herself by exploring Cathy's beautiful body, kissing and licking her long neck and gently caressing her silky breasts with her free hand. 

"Don't stop" Cathy whimpered breathlessly. "Oh, Paige, don't stop."

"Come for me, Cathy." Paige whispered lustfully. "I want to watch you come."

Cathy groaned in response and writhed in her seat, gasping for air. She reached out and clutched Paige's arm in an attempt to insure her friend wouldn't stop. Her knee bumped my leg as she thrust her hips in an effort to grind her pussy in to the vibrator. "Don't stop, please don't stop," she pleaded "I'm coming!"

Paige smiled and watched Cathy's face as her body began to shudder and jerk. She sucked air into her lungs in halting gasps and froze momentarily, her lips locked in a silent scream as she gripped Paige's arm with white knuckles.

She finally groaned heavily, releasing Paige from her grasp and collapsing, totally spent.

Paige retrieved the vibrator and turned it off. She smiled at her grateful friend and theatrically kissed the vibrator once more.

"I've never felt anything like that before in my life" gasped Cathy, still recovering.

"Like I said," Paige replied "my true love."

"Mine too." Cathy agreed with a laugh. "Though the operator wasn't half bad either!" She quickly added, gently brushing Paige's cheek with the back of her hand. "That was amazing." 

"So, I assume my debt is paid in full?" Paige asked as she smiled and looked back and forth between us.

"Oh, I would say so." I readily agreed. "What do you think, Cathy?"

"Not only that," Cathy acknowledged as she continued to gaze at her friend "it seems to me that now I owe you."

"Well, the weekend's just beginning," Paige responded with a smile and a wink, "And I have a few ideas..."