 I rummaged through my suitcase for the sluttiest outfit I could find. Unfortunately my mom was there for most of the time while I was packing so all my sexy clothing is hidden in the back of my closet where she can't find it. I found a plaid skirt that I could fold to make it shorter and a leather tight shirt that if lifted enough could show my belly button ring which my mother also never approved of. I topped it off with knee high leather boots that my mother requires me to wear with jeans covering it so they look like normal boots. But now, they're free to accentuate my legs.

I heard a knock on the door and my heart started racing. Mom or Kathie... I put on my bathrobe and opened the door. Mom.

"Hey sweetie, why are you in a bath robe?" I rubbed my eyes and coughed.

"The water must have been colder than I thought. I think I'm coming down with a cold. I can't go to dinner. I'll just order room service." I tell her.

"Poor baby! Do you want me to get some medicine?"

"Mom I'm not a baby anymore. I'll just drink a bunch of orange juice. I'll be fine." I shove her out and close the door, sighing with relief. Kathie will be here any minute. I need to be ready.

I reach into my suitcase for my makeup kit and give myself a cat eye and long lush lashes. If I knew Kathie better I'd dress and look the way she'd like me to look, but I don't so, I go as dramatic as I'm used to.

I hear another knock on the door and my heart begins to beat incessantly. I run for the door and throw it open. Kathie stands there looking sexier than she did half naked in her bikini. She's wearing a skimpy jean skirt with tight knee high socks and leather strapped stilettos. Her top fits perfectly against her breasts and shows her toned stomach. I bite my lip as she struts into my room and sits cross legged on the bed. She examines me and suddenly I feel naked. I'm so glad I wore panties because if I hadn't my legs would be soaked. Just her stare turns me on beyond comprehension.

"So are you ready?" She asks. I nod my head desperately; unable to talk for fear my voice would betray me. She stands up, her shirt showing the bottom slit of her breasts. She tugs it down, sadly, and places her hand on my ass.

"Let's go." I follow her out of my room, remembering to grab my room key and stick it into my bra. We head to the elevator and my gut starts to do back-flips. Will she continue what she started?

We walk in and the double doors close. Her hand is immediately under my skirt, rubbing my pussy lips till its tender to the touch. I moan deeply and press myself against her, lowering myself onto her fingers.

"You're wet for me. I like that. I'll be tending to you later. With this," she brings her fingers up to her mouth and licks them seductively. The elevator opens with a ding and we head to her car.

"Get in." She says demandingly. I get in right away and see that the truck has no middle console, just a long stretch of bench. As she slides in she hikes up her skirt, revealing that she was not wearing panties. My breath hitches as I stare at her shaved pussy.

"Before we get there, I need some pleasure. How talented are you with that tongue?" She asks. Lust overpowers me like a possession and I lean over, pulling her skirt up even more. I spread her pussy lips with my fingers and take one broad stroke on it with my tongue. I slowly probe her hole with the tip of my finger and lick her clit in small strokes. Her breathing quickens as I work her hole with my tongue. She tastes like heaven and her moans sound like music to my ears.

When a red light approaches she stops and grabs my head with both her hands, pushing me deeper into her. My tongue gets shoved into her pussy and I use the muscles on my tongue to find her G-spot. I flick my tongue once I find it and her screams fill me with euphoria.

"Oh Gosh fuck me! Oh yeah mmm that feels so good!" She screams, causing me to react faster and tongue-fuck her harder. The light turns green and she slams on the gas. I'm thrust forward which causes her to moan even louder. I lick my lips and wipe it off with my hand. I press my finger up to her lips and she licks her own juices from them. She scoots down her skirt and I sit up straight.

"That was wonderful. Can't wait for later."