 13. The fire is back.

"Good morning, good morning, the sun is out, why aren't you?" The always early, always happy Jennifer walked into the bedroom, waking the long sleepers up.

"Some volunteers needed to help with breakfast, I got some fresh rolls in the oven already, Angel has been very good to us again," she announced. Alice and Ruby got up to help her, while Ashley slowly woke up from her deep slumber.

She sat up on the bed, and stretched her sore body. After the previous night's abuse she knew she had to take it easy today and she really should not be found. Which was going to be hard, as it was Friday so the ranks of the men would start to swell, especially in the afternoon.

By the time she got up and walked down to the kitchen, looking to help out a bit, most of the work had been done already. She sat down with the rest of the girls on the table, and started to have breakfast. General chatter sounded, but Ashley was not paying attention to what the girls talked about. She was still thinking of the previous day's events.

After breakfast, when it was time to leave the cabin and go in hiding, she reluctantly approached Phoebe.

"Phoebe ... erm ..." She did not know what to say. She never had problems talking to Phoebe, why was it so hard this time?

"Yes?"

"Erm ... would you ... can we -"

"We should go and hide together now," Phoebe simply stated.

Ashley felt very relieved by the way Phoebe talked to her. It was very matter-of-factly, showing that Phoebe maybe still was not fully over it, but also that she wanted them to stay together.

Silently they walked to their favourite niche. When they went in, Ashley immediately put her arms around her friend, giving her a long hug. "Sorry about yesterday. I really wasn't trying to cheat on you or anything."

"I should say sorry too I guess..."

"Why?"

"I didn't think well. I was so angry of being found, and then saw you hugging her, so intimately..."

Ashley felt her trembling in her arms. Phoebe took a deep breath and let out a loud angry scream. She continued, "I'm so confused, I just don't know – I love you, you know, really I do, and then I saw you like that..." followed by another loud scream. "Ah, that was nice, I needed that."

"I understand your thinking. Emily hugging me so tightly to help me warm up a bit. And later you saw me watching Emily... watching people having sex just turns me on, you know."

"Were you watching me as well?"

"Yes."

"And me wrestling Emily?"

"Yes."

The horn sounded, the morning hunt was on. The girls lowered their voices while they continued to talk.

"Did you cheer for me?"

"No. Honestly, I hoped you would lose. So at least I wouldn't get another pounding from you."

Phoebe grinned, "Yeah I was a bit rough on you I guess."

"That wasn't a bit. That really hurt."

"Sorry, I was just angry. I won't do it again. Can we forgive and forget?"

In reply, Ashley gave Phoebe a long, deep kiss.

Ashley whispered, "Yes, I forgive you."

Phoebe smiled, and the girls kissed again.

It was a very sunny day, very different from the previous days. With everything still very humid thanks to a few days of rain, it was promising to be a hot and humid day. Temperatures soared, even under the rocks it was getting hot, made worse by the total lack of wind that could have provided some cooling. Both girls started to sweat a bit, having to stand against each other only made them feel hotter. The only cooling they had was the rock they leaned against. They could not leave the place for fear of being found.

Silently they stood there, hugged against one another, listening to the noises around them. A few hunters walked by, one even looked behind the bush, but they were not discovered.

"I'm so hot," Phoebe whispered.

"I know you are." Ashley moved her hand up Phoebe's chest and cupped her breast.

"Stop it, that's -"

They heard footsteps on the path near them, and froze. Two men walked by. The footsteps continued, and were soon gone.

"That's not what I meant. Now stop it, you only make it worse."

Ashley squeezed Phoebe's breast once more and then slowly withdrew her hand.

It was all quiet again around them. The girls were standing quietly against each other, both feeling rather uncomfortably hot and sweaty.

"So hot, it's unbearable," Phoebe complained.

"And it's only getting hotter. This afternoon we have to find a better place."

"Sure. I'm hot. Sweaty. I'm dripping."

"What you trying to say here?"

"Nothing," Phoebe said innocently. "Just that I'm hot. And dripping."

"Right."

They both grinned quietly, and hoped the end signal would sound soon so they could come out and go to the pond to cool down in the water.

Ashley heard footsteps again, and the voices of two men talking to each other. It was too far away for her to hear what they were saying. Some distance away from them the footsteps stopped, and then suddenly she heard a loud voice, "Look at that! Hey blondie, good to see you again!"

"Oh, fuck you!" That was obviously Emily's voice.

"Yes, that's exactly what I had in mind," the man answers. "We still have some time, now come with us."

"Ouch, you hurt me, let me go!"

Ashley cringed, imagining what they did to Emily. She heard rustling leaves and breaking branches.

"Just come with me bitch, then it won't hurt a bit."

"Yeah, right. As if you care whether I hurt."

"Well indeed I don't. Now get down and let me fuck those delicious tits of yours."

"Oh, fuck you!"

Ashley looked at Phoebe, who looked back at her and said quietly, "Glad it's not us."

They listened quietly to the screaming girl nearby. Ashley heard the sound of handcuffs being applied. Apparently they needed them to keep Emily under control. From the sounds she heard Ashley made up that the two men were touching Emily all over, getting a good feel of her body. They were likely most interested in her tits, and Emily's protests told her that the men also liked to pinch her nipples.

A few minutes later another man's voice said, "Wow, her pussy is really wet, this bitch is really hot."

Ashley figured he was feeling her pussy up thoroughly, probably sticking a finger or two inside to make sure she is wet there as well.

"Get off of me!" Emily screamed.

Ashley suddenly felt a hand rubbing her own pussy. She jolted a bit, and with big eyes looked at Phoebe, who had a wide grin on her face. 

"You're wet, too," Phoebe stated, and the rubbing continued.

"Help me with those cuffs," the first man said. "I wanna put her down there, hands above her head around that small tree. That should help keeping her under control."

Emily obviously put up a fight, but she is no match against two men and soon enough Ashley heard the click of handcuffs closing. 

"Ah, that looks better. Now I can finally give those boobs a good fuck."

"Oh no you won't," Emily shouted. "You bastard, tying me down like this, what're you thinking?"

The man didn't answer. Ashley heard some noises that she couldn't really place.

"Ouch, get off of me!" Emily's protests continued.

"Lovely tits indeed. Feels good around my dick," the man said a moment later.

"Lovely sight it is," said the other man. "You hold her down? I want that pussy."

"She's still fighting. I love fierce bitches. These tits are really great."

"Get off of me, you hurt me, let go of my legs dammit!" she screamed.

"Lovely pussy. No you're not gonna fight me off again, bitch. Oh yeah, just hold her like that. Perfect."

"Fuck it, let me go you bastards, didn't you have enough yesterday or so?" Emily shouted, followed by a loud scream. 

Ashley imagined the man pushing his dick into Emily's wet pussy, like she had witnessed the previous night, while the other one was still sitting on her belly with his dick in between her breasts. Emily's scream probably meant that he just sunk his dick into her completely in one go. Ashley felt her own arousal growing. A finger entered her pussy. She jumped, as if an electric shock went through her body. She opened her mouth as if she was going to say something but managed to remain silent, and looked at Phoebe with her eyes wide open. Phoebe now had a very devilish grin on her face.

"Great pussy," she heard the man say, while Emily's protest screams continued, soon followed by the sound of flesh against flesh, as Emily was being fucked deep and hard. 

Ashley felt the finger in her pussy moving in and out, arousing her strongly. 

Phoebe whispered, "And a great pussy it is."

"Wanna switch places?" a man said. "Here, hold her legs. Be careful, she's a kicker."

The sounds of people having sex stopped. Ashley imagined the men must be switching places, all the while having to keep a fierce Emily under control.

"Ouch, you hurt me, asshole, I'm not made of rubber!"

"Oh yeah nice pussy, so wet. I love it when they struggle."

"And great tits indeed. Big and natural, very soft."

Ashley moaned softly, and put her mouth against Phoebe's neck to muffle the sound. She was feeling very hot, very aroused. She felt her sweat running off her body. She listened intently to the sounds of the action nearby.

"My hair, fuck, that hurts!" 

"Stop screaming and start sucking."

Suddenly Emily's screams sounded a bit muffled. Ashley could hear the rhythmic sound of two bodies slapping together, that man must be pounding her really hard now. Intermittently she could hear slurping sounds from the blow job Emily was now forced to give.

Soon after the horn sounded, and the morning session was over.

She heard Emily's screams stop, she heard the men thank her for being a nice appetiser and that they were looking forward to find her again this afternoon. They laughed at the abuse Emily hurled at them while they walked away.

The fingers in Ashley's pussy were moving slower, but did not withdraw immediately.

"It's time to go have lunch," Phoebe said, matter of factly, as if nothing special was happening.

Ashley looked at her, sweating, highly aroused, "Why you stop?"

"Playtime is over," Phoebe grinned, and pulled out her finger. "Time for a bath, you're sweaty. I can smell it." She pinched her nose with one hand, making a face as if there suddenly was a very bad smell.

Ashley gave her a dirty look, frustrated by being so worked up without being relieved.

The girls left their hideout and walked hand in hand to the pond, and jumped in the water. Emily was there, lying on the small beach at the shore, together with Janet and Sarah. Only their heads were sticking out of the water. The other girls were apparently not back yet, or went to the cabin. 

"They got me again," Emily complained. "The bastards. As if yesterday wasn't enough for them."

"We know that already," Ashley said.

"What, you could hear me?"

"Well with the volume you made..." Janet said.

"Oh, was I that loud? Sorry about that."

"Don't worry. I enjoyed it. Ashley too, I believe," Phoebe said, giving a knowing look at Ashley.

Ashley felt her face turn red.

"Well, at least someone enjoyed it," Emily said sarcastically. "And besides, I'm happy to see you two made up again."

They bathed for another five minutes before heading back to the cabin. The twelve of them sat down and had their lunch, after which they played a game of volleyball together. Finally the weather was good for that, so they were all eager to grab the opportunity.

When the morning's catch returned they all went for a dip in the water to cool down, and then off to hide. Ashley and Phoebe had decided not to hide together this time, as it was too hot for that.

The afternoon passed wholly uneventful. Ashley found a small niche up and over a rock, protected from the sun and just big enough for her to crawl in. She just sat there, feeling rather uncomfortable as she could barely move, listening to the voices around her. She could not really make up what was going on, the sounds were too far away.

When the horn sounded, Ashley had some difficulty climbing out, as her muscles were still sore from the previous night, and stiff from the cramped space she was hiding in. She walked back to the lake for a dip. Phoebe, Judith, Christie, Emma and Ruby were there already. She noticed that the girls, except Ruby, were lying just so that their breasts just came out of the water.

"Hello girls, how was your afternoon?" she asked, while lowering herself in the water.

"Boring," answered Phoebe.

"Unfair," complained Ruby.

"Oh, why so?" Ashley asked.

"Well, first of all I was found. About an hour in the game. By then they had caught Jennifer, Eva and Jane already, so the guy who found me had me suck him hard, then he fucked me a bit, but didn't want to come, just wanted to get horny. He got me horny too, of course. 

When he was done with me he sent me off, being a good girl I hid again, and shortly before the end two guys found me and repeated the same ritual. So now I'm really horny and no-one to help me with it."

"I really feel for you," Emma said sarcastically.

"That's not all. Then I come here, and the two of them are there already, playing games: who can stick her boobs the highest above the surface while keeping her body submerged. And want me to join. That's just unfair, they know I don't stand a chance. I can barely get my nipples out without breaking the surface elsewhere."

"Maybe you have a private match with Ashley," Christie suggested.

"Hey, I'm not that flat," Ashley feigned being upset. She sat up, and pushed her breasts up in her hands. "Look, a good hand full, nothing wrong with that."

They all laughed, even Ruby. The girls had some more idle chitchat and after a while made it back to the cabin for dinner.

After dinner Angel visited them, this time carrying a box of cakes for the girls, which were well received. Angel gave the girls a quick status update, and was happy to hear that there were no problems with the hunters, or any other issues. When the cakes were finished Angel left. Some of the girls went for an evening walk, others for a swim, yet others went for an early night sleep. 

It was a warm summer night, the insects were chirping loudly. Ashley and Phoebe went for an evening walk together, hoping to be alone for a while. They walked slowly, hand in hand, rather randomly thought the forest. 

When they approached a grassy spot Phoebe stopped in her tracks. "Do you hear that?" she whispered.

Ashley listened quietly. She heard a woman moaning softly. A grin appeared on her face, and they slowly walked on, taking care to stay in the darkness under the trees, to have a closer look at. In the pale light of the full moon they saw a smallish figure lying in the grass. She was lying on her back, one hand rubbing her chest, her legs pulled up and spread out a bit.

Ashley recognised the petite figure as Ruby. And realised how Ruby complained that she had sex during the hunt, but the men did not satisfy her, and she was obviously taking care of that now.

Ruby moaned softly. She had one hand in between her legs, the other was massaging her breasts. From the darkness under the tree, and behind a low bush, Ashley was positive they were invisible to the masturbating girl. She and Phoebe were just standing there, looking at the Asian girl masturbating in the moonlight. Ashley really enjoyed the sight, she looked so beautiful. The pale white light on that tanned skin, her hands moving over her body, her soft moans, and her obvious eagerness to satisfy herself.

Ashley felt a brush against her back. She hadn't noticed that Phoebe carefully moved herself behind her, and was rubbing her breasts against Ashley's back. Ashley felt her lover hug her from behind. She felt two soft hands rubbing over her tummy, she could feel Phoebe's breasts rubbing against her back, she felt a patch of pubic hair rubbing against her ass, and Phoebe's head was resting on her shoulder. It was mesmerising. And all the time she did not take her eyes off Ruby, who was slowly moaning louder. She felt moisture building in between her legs.

The hands moved slowly up from her belly, touching the bottom of her rib cage, reaching the bottom of her breasts before moving down again. The hands moved up along her side, sending shivers through her body. She let out a soft sigh. The hands slowly moved up, all the way to the sides of her breasts, before moving down again to her belly, holding her tight for a moment. Some hair tickled her neck. She shivered again. 

Ruby was moving her hand faster, rubbing her breasts harder too. It looked like she was pinching her own nipples but that was hard to see in the pale light and from a distance.

Ashley felt Phoebe's hands move up again, stopping again when they touched her breasts. She felt the hands move sideways, and they went up around her breasts and on her shoulders. Phoebe's arms pressed against the sides of her breasts, while Phoebe held her shoulders. Then Phoebe moved her hands down again. Ashley felt them reach the top of her breasts, and continuing to go down. She was breathing heavier in anticipation of her sensitive nipples being stimulated.

Ruby moaned louder, obviously nearing her orgasm.

Phoebe's hands moved back to her side again, without touching her nipples. She realised her nipples were already hard, and that her pussy was really getting wet. She felt Phoebe's hands move onto her belly, and slowly moving up again. This time they continued, and her breasts were gently cupped by the roaming hands. It was electrifying, sending jolts of lust and desire through her body. She never imagined how hot it could be to secretly watch a girl masturbating with another woman caressing her body.

Ruby was letting out some pretty loud screams now, and arched her back. She was obviously having her orgasm now.

At the same time Ashley felt her nipples being pinched gently. It sent another jolt of pleasure through her body. She bent her head backwards, pushing her chest forward, and let out a soft moan. She just couldn't control herself at that moment, she was getting too aroused by the sight of Ruby masturbating herself to orgasm, while being stimulated by her lover.

"Show's over, let's go and find a place for ourselves," Phoebe whispered in her ear. Ashley felt slight disappointment when Phoebe dropped her hands. 

Ruby had become quiet now, she was just lying on her back, motionless, except for her chest moving up and down quickly. 

Ashley turned around, grabbed Phoebe's head, and kissed her hard. 

"Let's find a more comfy place, where we can finish off what we started this morning," Phoebe said softly, and she grabbed Ashley's hand and they quietly walked away. 

It was not long before they found their own moonlit patch of grass, and made themselves comfortable.

"You're really making it a habit of getting me all worked up," Ashley said after they lay down next to each other. "That was the second time today."

"I can't help you're such a voyeur," Phoebe countered, rolling on her side.

"I'm not!"

"Oh yes you are. Didn't you enjoy watching Ruby getting off?" Phoebe trailed her finger tips over Ashley's belly.

"She was just looking so beautiful in the moonlight..."

"And I bet you had last night's images in your mind when you listened to Emily being abused this morning."

Ashley did not say anything, but she did think back of this morning, and last night. She felt Phoebe's fingers trail over her belly, over her chest, over her breasts, carefully avoiding her sensitive bits.

"I was thinking of what I saw last night, when I heard Emily," Phoebe admitted, continuously rubbing her fingers over Ashley's body. "I guess I'm also a bit of a voyeur. Imagining how she would take a dick between those big boobs of hers. How they held her down to penetrate her. It really turned me on."

"Same for me. It was almost as if I was watching it directly, having seen her last night. And then Ruby, that's really a sex animal. Insatiable."
