 I highly recommend reading chapters 1-10 before beginning this chapter. While this chapter can be read as a stand alone story it is entirely dependent on the events of the earlier chapters. A writer thrives on your feedback. Please take a moment to vote and leave a comment if you feel so inclined. Your votes are greatly appreciated. I hope you enjoy my scribbling.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

I awoke to the most marvelous sensation. It took a moment for me to become cognizant of what it was. Heather's arm was draped over me and her hand softly cupped my right breast. My turgid nipple was pressed into the palm of her hand. I felt the warmth of her body molded into my back and her breath was soft against my neck. I simply laid there and languished in the joy of sharing my bed with my new lover.

As I laid there and absorbed the sensations, my mind wandered back to the events of the previous night. I felt my pussy throb sympathetically as the erotic memories rolled through me. It was definitely a "warm and fuzzy" moment for me. 

I rolled over and looked at the alarm clock and saw that it was 6:00. I had set it for 6:30 when we were laying out the pallet. I decided that I was more than happy to lay there and enjoy the warmth and embrace of my new lover for a few more minutes. Just as I thought that, I felt Heather stir behind me. 

"Good morning lover," she whispered softly in my ear. "I still like the sound of that... lover. It makes me feel warm inside."

I rolled over and embraced her, our arms and legs wrapped around each other in a hug. "Yea, it is nice, isn't it?" I replied. 

"Mmmm Hmmm," she moaned in response and our lips met in our first kiss of the new day. 

"I could use some coffee, how about you?" I asked.

"Uhhhh yea," she murmured. "I just hate to move. This is so nice, but my bladder has other ideas."

"You go first and I'll get the coffee started." 

My mind was lost in thoughts of the previous night, as I set up the coffee pot. I was at that "what does it all mean?" stage in regards to Heather. My thoughts were interrupted by the soft sound of bare feet behind me. I turned and my heart stopped. I saw her approaching, still naked, and the sight of her caused me to stop breathing. 'Gawd, she is gorgeous, how did I get so lucky,' I thought. The light of sunrise was spraying through the windows and it caused her skin to positively glow as she made the short trip across my small living room.

"I borrowed some mouth wash. I hope you don't mind," she said, seemingly unaware of the effect that she had on me. 

I shook myself from my reverie and said, "Mi casa es su casa. I think I can rustle up a spare tooth brush for you."

"That would be great. Is the coffee ready?"

"Not quite. I'll be back in a minute, my turn for the bathroom." 

I had just finished brushing my teeth when she entered the bathroom, carrying two cups of coffee. She was my savior. The cobwebs of sleep were just starting to clear and coffee was just what I needed to finish the job. I thanked her for the coffee with a kiss and her lips tasted of the combination of mint from the mouthwash and the heavier flavor of coffee. I found her a new toothbrush and gave it to her. Just watching her in the simple act of brushing her teeth was enough to cause my heart to skip a beat. 'Get a hold of yourself,' I thought, 'Quit acting like a school girl with her first crush.' I was mystified as to how Heather could have this kind of effect on me. This sort of thing was so out of character for me. 'What is wrong with me?' I wondered.

I again shook myself and realized I didn't have time for this, at least not then. 'Put it away and figure it out later,' I chastised myself. 

After taking another sip of the strong, hot coffee I turned to Heather and asked her if she would like to join me in the shower. After spending my weekends at the camp I had grown accustomed to the idea of communal bathing. Rarely was I ever in the shower alone when I was at the camp. I didn't realize how much it had become ingrained in my domestic life. I had simply begun to take it for granted as part of life when I was with my lovers. I also didn't realize how new an experience it was for Heather. She spun around and looked at me after my question and I could see the excitement in her eyes.

"Yes, I'd like that. I'd like that a lot," she said emphatically.

When the shower was running and water temperature adjusted, we jumped in together. The occasion seemed appropriate for another kiss and the first full body, 'oh my gosh, she feels wonderful' hug of the day.

When we reluctantly parted, she said, "Mmmm Kim, can I ask you something?"

"Sure sweetie, anything," I replied.

"I noticed that last night but we were so wiped out I didn't want to say anything," she said, pointing a long elegant finger at the dildo sitting in the corner of tub enclosure. 

"Ohhh yea, I guess I should have put that away. I'm not used to having company over and it pretty new and I forgot all about it."

"No, that's OK. I was just... curious is all. I mean... I mean do you... do you use it in the shower," she asked, suddenly the bashful Heather that I was starting to grow accustomed to. 

"Yea, that was sorta what I got it for. Let me show you," I said, trying to sound nonchalant and matter of fact as I described my masturbatory habits. I took the dildo and, using the suction cup, stuck it to the wall. 

Heather was wide eyed as she watched me. A sudden recognition of what I was doing, and why, was suddenly evident on her face when she saw the dildo protruding from the tile wall. A broad grin formed when she forced her eyes away from the dildo and looked at me once again.

"I think I get it," she said. "It's awfully big though, isn't it? I mean I never... you know... been with a guy... a guy that big," she finally managed to stammer.

"Well... the reason I chose it was that it is about the same size as my lover Jim," I replied. I could see surprise and more than a little shock on her face as my words sunk in. 

"Wow!" was all that she was capable of saying. 

"Would you like to try it out? I'll let you take it for a test ride." I said.

"Uhhh... uhhh... maybe... I guess... I guess so. You wouldn't mind?"

"No, not at all, it's not a big deal. Like I said earlier, mi casa es su casa," I said, as matter of factly as I was capable of. I tried to not let it show but in reality I was hugely excited. The idea of watching Heather ride the dildo struck a chord in me. "Here, let's use this, its water proof," I added as I reached for the bottle of silicone lube that was buried amongst my collection of shampoos and conditioners in the shower caddy.

"Not a big deal, speak for yourself," she said, followed by a nervous giggle and a glance towards the dildo. 

She watched, amazed as I coated the hard surface of the dildo with lube. I moved on to her pussy and she moaned as I coated her labia with the slick gel. I was rewarded with an even louder groan when my fingers penetrated her and spread the lube inside her pussy.

"What do I do? I mean... I never.... I've never actually used one of these," she stammered. The blush on her face betrayed her embarrassment. "I hate that I come off sounding like I've never done anything. I'm not as innocent as I sound, it's just that most of my experiences have been in my own head." Little did I know how true that statement was. I was anxious to find out just how far reaching her fantasy life was. 

"Don't worry about it, I'll help out," I replied. "Here, turn around and just back up to it," I said as I held her by the shoulders and guided her towards the dildo. "That's good, just bend over a little and I'll help line things up." She responded to my directions and I quickly realized that Heather's taller frame was going to require me to re-position the dildo. I was accustomed to placing it for myself, and not the taller Heather. It only took a few seconds to reattach the suction cup and all was set for Heather's dildo debut. I placed the head of the dildo against Heather's pussy and used my fingers to open her labia so that they were spread around the circumference of the bulbous head. She was all set. 

"OK, just push back now. Take it as slow or as fast as you're comfortable with. You're in charge." She looked up at me, our eyes met, and she smiled nervously. A few things were apparent in her eyes and her look. Her excitement was obvious, but so was a certain amount of anxiety as well. In a flash it occurred to me that the idea of "being in charge" was not something that she was real comfortable with. I quickly decided to see if a little verbal prompting might help. 

"Go on, push back. Take that monster dick in your pussy. You know you want it, don't you?" She nodded and I saw a look of relief flash across her face as her hips began to move backwards slowly. I realized that was all it took to help her overcome her anxiety and what I was quickly coming to see as her need to have some control, no matter how slight, exerted over her. She was like a boulder sitting on a precipice, just waiting for the slightest nudge to send it rolling over the edge. While I was not real experienced in the role of Domme, I didn't really see her as needing that. Her need for control was much more subtle than that, but at the same time I could see it as an area for further exploration that quite frankly left me more than a little excited. 

Meanwhile, as all these thoughts was flying through my head at the speed of sound, Heather's progress in accepting the dildo was slow and obviously involved some discomfort. I tried to encourage her, "Just relax, don't tighten up... just let it flow into you."

"I've never... been so full... stretched," she mumbled through tightly pressed lips. I could see the look of concentration on her face. 

"Do you want to stop? You don't have to do this if it's uncomfortable," I re-assured her. 

"NO! I want it... need it. Sorta weird... love it and hate it... at the same time," she grunted. No sooner had the words left her mouth then she lunged back on the dildo, burying its full length in her pussy. She cried out in what sounded like a mixture of pain and pleasure. My own pussy spasmed in sympathy, as I imagined what the dildo must have felt like slamming into her cervix. 

I slid down to my knees in front of her, my face almost level with her. Our eyes met again and I saw a wildness in them that I had never seen before. I was concerned at first and then recognized the look. It was something I had come to recognize in myself lately. It was the hunger, the need, the passion that was ignited and could only be quenched by one thing. I stretched forward and our lips met in a wild, passionate and lusty kiss. All the while, her hips had assumed a slow, but increasing pace, on the dildo. For the first time I took in the rest of her. I loved the way her firm breasts swayed slightly with her thrusts. Her nipples were so hard they seemed ready to burst. I also noticed her hand at her crotch, obviously busily stroking her clit. I reached out and rolled it between my fingers. This resulted in a passionate groan from Heather and a guttural "YES!" Her pace was continuing to accelerate and wet sound of her plunging the dildo into herself as well as her ass slapping against the tile echoed in the shower enclosure. Not only did her tempo increase, but so did the power of her thrusts until I was almost worried that Heather may hurt herself. Never had I ever attempted to use the dildo this aggressively and I was sure that it would have pushed its way into my uterus if I had. 

My mind flashed to the image of Jim aggressively pounding his cock into me in this manner. He had always been relatively gentle with me and I couldn't help but imagine what this sort of sex would be like with him. The thought both excited and scared me. 

My treatment of Heather's nipples increased in intensity as I kept pace with her fucking of the dildo. I progressed from gently rolling them with my fingers to rougher treatment. She didn't seem to mind one bit and her moans and groans encouraged me to continue. I was pulling, twisting, and pinching them in time to her thrusts. Her fingers also seemed to be flying over her clit with increased speed and force. I looked back at her face and I saw a familiar look in her eyes. Just as I noticed the previous night, she had reached a sort of pre-orgasmic plateau. Heather was on the edge, waiting for a small spark to push her over the edge. The realization that I was that spark came to me in a sudden moment of clarity and insight. That realization excited me greatly, and I felt my pussy unconsciously spasm as a result. I decided to go with it and do some experimenting to learn more about this quirk of my new lover. 

"Are you ready to cum darling?" I asked.

"Yesss, please," she squealed.

"You need me to tell you, don't you?" I said, watching for a reaction on her face as well as her words.

Her face lit up in a mixture of embarrassment and excitement. "Yes... I know I'm terrible... kinky... hard to explain," she gasped in time with the rapid pummeling of her pussy on the shaft which created her predicament.

"Don't worry about it. We all have our own quirks. I know I do too," I replied.

"Really?" she inquired, the shock evident in her face. I saw it then. Not only was she relieved that I hadn't rejected her because of her "kink," she also was shocked by my easy acceptance of it. Heather's need for control was something that she had always felt the need to hide and now that it was not only out in the open, but accepted by a caring lover, resulted in something that was almost an epiphany for her. She had already written off the previous night as a one time thing and was sure that I had not caught on to her "quirk." It had just been part of their sex play and she was sure it was not sufficient to "out her."

All these thoughts flooded through Heather's mind and only served to ratchet her lust to an even higher level. I saw this and recognized her need. I met Heather's lips in another passionate kiss and upon breaking the kiss I whispered into her mouth, "Cum... cum for me... now... cum hard!"

Heather's immediate scream of release echoed off the shower tile. My fingers pulled hard and simultaneously pinched hard on her nipples. This was like lighting a fuse and Heather came harder than she could ever recall. Her orgasm seemed to bounce around inside her, receding and building over and over again. The pain being delivered by my fingers morphed into scalding white flashes of pleasure. Her pussy muscles spasmed and contracted around the rigid shaft buried in her cunt.

Heather's legs turned to rubber and I guided and slowed her collapse into the bottom of the tub. Heather gasped as she felt the dildo sliding from her pussy, leaving her feeling empty and hollow. In addition, her collapse moved her back into the flow of the shower. She was forced to move by the needle like spray landing on her overly sensitive nipples and clit. She ended up rolling onto her side, her head in my lap while she gasped for breath and came down from her orgasmic high. 

"Thank you," she said, her eyes gleaming up at me. "I feel like I need to explain, I'm so embarrassed."

"Later, we'll talk later, when we have more time. I have a feeling this isn't going to be a short conversation. OK?" I replied, trying to give her my most sympathetic smile. "Beside, you have nothing to be embarrassed about. Trust me on that, OK?" 

The smile and the bashful "OK" I got in response to my statement warmed my heart and made me love her just a little more. 

"As much as I hate being a mood killer, I do need to get moving. I have an early meeting. You can go back to bed if you want but I need to get ready. Can you stand on your own?"

"Mmmmm, I think so. Maybe," she said. "I do have a class to teach this morning, then school and then back to the gym and I'm not looking forward to it. Can you drop me off back at the gym on your way to work?" 

"Yes, my office is not far out of the way. You'll survive, I promise," I replied, trying to be sympathetic.

We washed each other and the feel of her hands on my breasts and ass was almost enough to make me say the hell with work and drag her back into bed. When I washed her, I tried to stay away from her breasts and pussy because I was certain they would be more than a little tender. It was obvious that Ms. Heather was quickly becoming a devotee' to the practice of communal bathing. 

She got me a fresh cup of coffee while I got ready for work. She simply threw on the wrinkled outfit she wore the previous night on our "date" and said that she would sneak in the back door of the gym so no one would see her. She didn't bother with make-up, but then in my opinion she really didn't need much. She had fresh work out gear to change into at the gym that she could change into when she got to work. In some ways, I wished my life was so simple.

Heather could not resist ribbing me a little about the suit I was wearing to the office. It suddenly occurred to me that at least in that regard we came from different worlds. Just the few years difference in our ages, in addition to my professional experience, was enough to put us into two totally different spheres. I could remember being her at one point in my life, or at least someone very much like her. I was full of wonder and hopes, wide-eyed and optimistic. I liked to think that I hadn't lost all of that but I also knew that real life had, at least to some degree, tempered that outlook. On one hand I knew I wasn't going to be the first female CEO of a major corporation under the age of 30, but at the same time my recent professional success had at least raised my level of optimism to some degree. Besides, my recent turn about in my personal life was more than enough to counter any and all issues on the professional side of my life. Yes, the glass was definitely half full, and maybe even a little more than half. 

As we rode in my car to drop off Heather, I squeamishly raised the question of whether Heather wanted to make plans to see each other again. I think, based on her reaction, that she was relieved that I had brought it up. I immediately recognized that, even though we were both women, the same old games applied to bringing that topic up. In other words, was it a one night stand and was she going to get the same old "I'll give you a call." I didn't really think this was the case with Heather, but there was a certain degree of uncertainty simply because it hadn't been discussed. I think it was a relief, as much to her, as much as it was to me, that it was out in the open. Her smile definitely indicated that she was happy I had asked. 

We thereupon started to work on schedule negotiations. She said she had a test the following day, and that tonight was out, but that she would check her work schedule and give me a call at work and we would go from there. In a way, I was relieved. As busy as my weekends had been lately, weekday romps were a rarity in my life and I sincerely doubted I could handle two in a row, especially with everything I had going on at work. At the same time, I was saddened by the fact that I wouldn't be sharing a bed with Heather again that evening. Somehow, the idea of sleeping alone was even more depressing than it had been before. 

Heather said goodbye to me when I dropped her off at the gym with a lingering, tender, sweet kiss. It lacked the passion of our earlier kisses, but it was very enjoyable in its own way. After she got out, she stuck her head back in the window and said, "By the way lover, thank you for the best night of my life." She blew me a kiss and happily skipped off before disappearing in the employee entrance at the back of the gym.

I barely had time to grab a cup of coffee at work before rushing into a staff meeting. The meeting ran long, as usual, and it was almost lunch time before I got back to my office. A voicemail from Heather, and two from Sharon awaited me, as well as an email from Sharon asking me to call her. The sound of Sharon's voice was warm and reassuring. There was definitely a "comfort factor" in our relationship. The sound of Heather's voice, on the other hand, resulted in a shudder running through my body and a quick spasm in my pussy. She fed the passionate side of my personality in a way that Sharon did not, at least not to the same degree. I suppose in some ways the two complemented each other and left me a more complete and happy person. Sharon was mother, sister, and best friend. While the sex we shared was certainly passionate, there was also a comfort and dependability factor to it. Heather, on the other hand, lit a fuse in me that led straight to my pussy. While I certainly cared for her, perhaps even loved her, the overriding emotion that characterized our relationship was pure, unadulterated lust. 
