 08. Wet and caught.

"Wake up, it's another beautiful rainy day!" 

Damn, how can that woman be so awake so early all the time, Ashley thought upon hearing Jennifer's voice. Every morning now Jennifer had been the first to wake up, and also the one to wake up the long-sleepers including Ashley. 

Ashley turned around, and put her arm around the body next to her, and shook it a bit. "Time to wake up, Phoebe," she said. But that body felt much smaller than she expected, so she opened her eyes, and was suddenly very awake. "Ruby, you sleeping here? Sorry didn't notice you coming back." She quickly pulled back her arm. 

"It's OK, we came back late, couldn't see anything, so just lay down the first available space that I found. I'm not so big so I fit almost anywhere. You guys were all sleeping already. Well, let's get up, it's time for breakfast. I'm so hungry! That was quite a night, those guys are really insatiable." 

After breakfast Ashley teamed up with Phoebe again and together they went for her rock hideout. Just like yesterday Phoebe went in first, and Ashley followed, squeezing herself against Phoebe's body to fit in the gap and to remain out of sight. It started to feel more natural, not as awkward as on the previous day.

Ashley really started to feel comfortable with Phoebe. It was as if she found a soul mate, in a rather unexpected manner of course, but still she felt like they connected rather well. And the intimacy she felt with the other woman was interesting to say the least, if nothing else they kept each other warm in the cold and rainy conditions.

After standing there for a while she felt Phoebe's hand move on her ass, squeezing her lightly. 

"Hey, what you doing," she asked, grinning, knowing of course very well what that hand was doing.

"Nothing," the innocent reply came. 

They grinned, and Ashley let her hand slide round Phoebe's waist. 

"Now keep quiet," she said, "the game is about to start and I don't want to get caught, or do you?"

She was barely done talking or the horn sounded, and the cheers of the men entering the area was heard. 

The girls continued their whispered chatting, joking about the events of the past days, talking about life after the event, sharing their feelings about what happened to them and discussing how to deal with it all. 

While they were talking their bodies were rubbing against each other. A little twist and turn, a bit sideways, not much movement was possible to begin with in the narrow gap. Mostly natural movements, but Ashley had the feeling that some of Phoebe's movements were more than that, and were actually meant to tease her sexually. They both moved much more than the previous day, when Ashley was reluctant to move, not knowing really how to handle the intimate situation.

Ashley was really becoming comfortable with the closeness of their naked bodies, and the feelings it gave her. She actually found she was getting a bit aroused with all the movements going on. Phoebe had one hand on her ass, the other arm rubbing against her breast, her hard nipple must be obvious. It was a very new experience to her. Add to that the whole situation of being virtually locked up with the other girl, both stark naked, with the constant fear of being discovered and used as sex slave - it gave the whole thing a strangely erotic atmosphere. 

Ashley had never felt anything for another woman but Phoebe seemed different. She did not know what was going on in her mind, maybe it was just the stress of the whole game they were involved in. Oh well, just go with the flow and see where it ends up, she figured. 

The weather was still dark. Not as dark as the previous day but still heavy clouds, and now and then rain would fall down. Everything around them was moist. The ground, the walls, everything. Their shoes were still soaked from the previous day, giving them wet feet. Luckily the rain also meant it was not very hot, as otherwise it could have been unbearable to stand like they did. 

The morning passed, and the hunt was on. Having a smaller group of hunters meant there was a smaller chance than before for anyone to look into their hideout. It also meant the men would separate and mostly go about the hunt alone, in order to cover more ground. 

Two, three times they heard someone walking along the trail passing by their hideout, and both Ashley and Phoebe stiffened up, holding their breath. Ashley pushed herself closer to Phoebe just to be further out of sight. But nothing happened and they could relax. 

The end of the game session approached, and they started to chat again, thinking they were scot free. Yet at that moment they heard footsteps approaching, and held still. The footsteps stopped for a while, then continued, getting closer. Ashley pushed herself hard against Phoebe, afraid of being seen. Then they heard the footsteps walking towards their hideout, and the bush being pushed away. A male voice said, "Peekaboo!" 

Ashley felt her heart bouncing in her throat. She couldn't breathe.

"Oh, no-one here. I though I heard something," murmured the voice. "Probably just some animal." 

The girls slowly relaxed as they heard the footsteps disappear in the distance.

"I thought you were going to suffocate me," Phoebe whispered to Ashley. 

"Yes sorry about that, it was not intentional, I was just afraid he would see me," Ashley replied. 

"Don't worry, I don't mind you doing that. In a way it feels nice, protected and so. And knowing that I'm not the only one who doesn't want to get caught is nice as well. You know I'm really glad with how you supported me yesterday. That was really sweet, made me feel much better," whispered Phoebe, and she put her free arm around Ashley's head, pulled Ashley's head towards her own, and planted a big kiss on Ashley's mouth. 

Ashley was a bit shocked at first, she had never kissed a girl before, but soon kissed back and started to feel all warm inside.

After a while Phoebe broke their kiss, and whispered, "Thanks again." 

Ashley felt really confused now. But she could not deny that she did enjoy the kiss, the warmth of Phoebe's soft body against hers, the closeness, but she was very confused having such feelings for another woman. She knew she really had to be careful not to go crazy these days, as she was barely getting to terms with being a prostitute, and in the meantime having feelings for another woman, what she had never had before, much less imagined she would ever have. She actually wanted to kiss Phoebe again, there and then, but her overall confusion stopped her from doing so.

They stood there silently for another ten minutes or so until they heard the horn signalling the end of the session, and they returned to the cabin. The rain had finally settled down, and the sky was becoming a bit brighter.

Back at the cabin the other girls were arriving as well. Ashley and Phoebe took the honours of starting to make lunch. When they sat down they realised there were thirteen of them: just two missing. That was a first for the week, it had never happened that the men could not even find three of them in two hours time. 

"Oh those guys will be so frustrated, not being able to find more of us! I really feel for Christie and Eva. They'll have a hard time," Judith said. 

"Sure... they'll be very hard... oh sorry you weren't talking about the men?" Ruby replied, and the rest laughed.

They had lunch together, and after that some went for a nap, while the rest went to the yard for a game of volleyball. After sitting still all morning while hiding some activity is quite important to keep those muscles going. 

By the time it was time to get out and hide themselves, Eva and Christie returned. 

"Welcome back ladies," Alice exclaimed when she saw them approaching. "How was it?" 

"Rough," said Christie. 

"Busy," said Eva. 

"Man those guys were so unhappy about not being able to find more of us! We barely got to have lunch. We had to eat with a dick in our pussies, so frustrated they were. The horny bastards, they just couldn't wait." 

"Yeah, and after that they all wanted both of us - twice. Taking breaks to last longer. Ugh, having sex for well over an hour straight with at least two men at the same time is very demanding." 

"Anyway we'd better go hiding, and hide better than this morning, because I really don't want to be caught again!" 

After that final remark from Christie they all hugged each other good luck and set off again for another round of adult hide and seek. 

Again Ashley and Phoebe went to hide together. They felt safe there, and Ashley rather enjoyed having Phoebe's company. Shortly before the horn sounded they entered the tiny space. Ashley put her right hand on Phoebe's hip. Her left hand was stuck between her body and the rock face, while she was standing against Phoebe's right side. 

"Those men must be frustrated and search extra hard this time," Phoebe said softly. "Will they come in and find us this time?" 

"I hope not. I've been caught once so far and hope to keep it at that. But you never know of course, just hope they have a look in the entrance and don't realise we're around the corner, like the guy this morning did." 

"Indeed. Three times so far for me. Happy to have been spared for now - thanks to you I must say." 

Ashley smiled, and moved her hand up and down along Phoebe's waist and hip, feeling the smooth skin and the curves of Phoebe's body.

Feeling comfortable, she gathered all her courage and asked, "You told me you once did it with another girl, right? I'm curious, what did you do and how was it?" 

But before Phoebe could reply they heard footsteps on the path, and the held tight together, keeping dead silent. Ashley had her head on Phoebe's shoulder, and her nose touched those pretty curls. She could smell the earth and the rain, and the other dirt that had gotten stuck in Phoebe's hair. A musky smell, not unpleasant. She felt Phoebe's chest moving up and down with her breath, accelerating as the footsteps came closer and the tension grew.

It seemed the man was checking every bush and looking behind every rock. 

This is it, we are going to get caught again, Ashley thought. 

The man pushed aside the bush at the entrance to their little niche, looked in, and moved on, not realising there were two pretty girls just around the corner, just hidden from his prying eyes. 

It was at least another ten minutes before they could not hear him, or any other search party. Ashley relaxed her grip, and gave Phoebe a little more space. Phoebe started to talk again.

"How it was with another girl you asked? Well... nice, soft, gentle. I think girls are softer and gentler than guys. We kissed, like we did yesterday. We stroked each other, like you're doing to me now. We rubbed our bodies together like we've been doing in here all along. A girl's body is generally softer, rounder, and girls know exactly where to find another girl's sensitive bits," she whispered, talking slowly and somewhat seductively. 

Ashley felt herself getting a little aroused by the thought of two women making love. And then she suddenly felt Phoebe move her right arm - the arm that was stuck in between their bodies. It was moving slowly, just the hand and fingers actually had the space to move about, and then suddenly she felt a finger on her pussy. 

"You're really interested, aren't you," Phoebe whispered with a grin on her face, obviously enjoying both Ashley's shocked expression and the wetness of her pussy. 

Emboldened Ashley dropped her hand and touched her friend's bush too. "I'm obviously not the only one," she commented. 

And at that moment they heard footsteps coming closer. Two men approaching this time, searching the area. The girls stiffened up, and stopped their sexual assault on each other. They heard the men talking to each other. 

"Damn, those bitches really know how to hide themselves now." 

"Yes, or is it us who suck at searching?" 

"Well the sucking I'd rather leave to those sluts..." 

"Yeah well we'd better hurry and catch some as otherwise it's going to be boring tonight, we got only one so far and time is running out." 

"Yeah... but it seems no-one here." 

Then they heard the bush in front of their hideout being pushed aside. 

"Damn, empty again." 

"Seems so." 

They heard some rumbling, and before Ashley knew what was going on she felt a hand grabbing her arm. And it was definitely not Phoebe's hand.

A man said, "Hey, look at that, our lucky day! Two of them deep inside! What a catch. Enjoying yourselves in here, huh? Well come on out, or we'll have to pull you out. Your choice." 

Ashley felt so shocked, they were found again. She was swearing softly as she crawled out of the hideout, closely followed by Phoebe. They were barely on the path or the men had handcuffed them already. 

"Mmm, looking good," their captor said, stepping closer to Phoebe. "Looking really good. Feels good too. Lovely tits you have. Perfect size."

Ashley looked at the man standing in front of her friend. He grabbed one of Phoebe's breasts with one hand, while his other hand went down to her pussy.

"Oh shit, what's that, you're wet down there? Soaking wet! And the other..."

He turned now to Ashley, and felt her pussy too. Ashley knew she was really wet, and felt very ashamed of the man feeling her up.

"Yes you too," he said. "Nice wet pussy. You have nice tits too, a bit small though. Barely a hand full, disappointing. I like them bigger. Anyway what were you to girls doing in there, huh? No need to tell, those wet holes tell the tale. Oh well you may continue that tonight." 

Ashley was in shock. For being caught, for being molested there and then, the man feeling her pussy and even sticking a finger inside when he found her being wet, the shame of it all, having her breasts called small again, and of course that final remark about tonight. 

Neither girl would say anything, they just stood there looking at the ground, hands cuffed behind their backs, knowing they had lost yet another round and that they had a long night coming.

The men radioed the rest of the group that they had picked up two in one go, filling their quota. They added that there was still an hour left, so plenty of time to find some appetisers. Ashley just could not get used to that word, and quietly hoped that no-one else would be found and abused that afternoon. 

When they arrived at the gate, she saw Ruby was there too. She looked so small under the tall fence. Ashley felt bad. This was going to be a long long evening. She also felt sorry for Ruby who would have her second evening as sex slave in a row.

The next hour they just waited at the gate, talking a bit to each other when there were no men around. Ashley vaguely heard some screams, probably one of the other girls unlucky enough to be found and now being toyed with.

At the end of the session the horn sounded, the men all gathered at the gate, and soon after the bus arrived to take them all back to the main mansion. 

The start of the evening was pretty much the same as before. The girls got to wear high heels, and got to serve dinner. 

There were only eight men this time, so the work was far less. Of course there were no empty chairs for the girls to sit on, and the table had been replaced by a smaller one, to match the actual number of diners.

Petite Ruby proved popular with the men. Ashley had to admit she was a cute little thing. Typical slender Asian build, slightly tanned skin, she looked like a doll. And being so light weight she was easy to handle by the guys of course. Her breasts were not much more than oversized mosquito bites, with small pointy nipples, and a shaved pussy to complete the little girl look. 

Ashley thought she must have a tight pussy, everything being so tiny about her, the guys must love it. It was definitely the closest they could get to fucking a junior high girl, legally. And don't they all fantasise about that?

Sitting on the lap of one of the men Ashley tried to eat a bit, while being distracted by the feel of a hard dick against her buttocks, her breasts being fondled and her nipples being pinched and pulled lightly. She was more relaxed than the first time, and started to feel aroused already. She realised she had better just have those feelings take over her body as it made the inevitable sex more bearable. They could mess with her body, not with her mind. So she should also let her body mess with itself, get aroused when it wanted, and not let her mind get in the way or let her body mess with her mind.

When dinner was finished, the girls cleared the table, but they were not asked to be dessert plates this time. Instead dessert was served normally. It including ice cream explained why, using a warm body to serve ice cream just won't work very well. 

The men with a girl on their lap suddenly turned into messy eaters, having many accidents with their food, but they would make sure the girls were cleaned up well by licking the spills off of their bodies. Ruby clearly got into the little girl act, and became quite clumsy with her food too. She seemed to enjoy the attention very much, and the men enjoyed her too. 

After dessert the second part of the evening started. Their host, William, the only familiar male face to Ashley, got up and led everyone to the next room. No poles on the stage this time, just some mattresses. Ashley was wondering what that was about: she expected to have to perform another pole dance routine. 

"Today we have an interesting catch, I would say," William announced. "One is a really cute Asia doll, and those two," he pointed at Ashley and Phoebe, "were found hiding together in a rather tight space. When Frank got them out and examined his catch, he realised that both of them were soaking wet down there. And that was not because of the rain, oh no, they had obviously been enjoying each other's company very much in there. Their hiding place is of course also not a place to hide together if you don't really like each other. 

"No pole dancing or so tonight, we have a much better show to watch. You two ladies, please take to the stage, and continue and finish what you were doing before you were caught. With a little bit more freedom to move, and a generally more comfortable environment I'd say. And please, don't hold back just because we're watching you.

"Gentlemen, please make yourself comfortable. During the show this little doll will serve us drinks, and when she doesn't have anything to do you may play with her a bit. She seems to enjoy that too. Have a great evening!" 

Applause sounded from the men. 

Ashley was dumbstruck, shocked by what was expected from her: to have sex with Phoebe, on stage, until both of them had reached a climax, and that with all those men watching all their movements. She had never done it with a woman before, and was not sure whether she was ready to do it with a woman to begin with, even if that woman was Phoebe. And then with an audience to boot.

"Hey, what you waiting for?", "Get on stage, give us a show!" And more words of encouragement from the audience started to sound. 

Then Phoebe walked towards Ashley, grabbed her hand and whispered, "Come, let's just do it, forget that they're there and enjoy our time together, OK? Don't worry, just do what feels natural, and the rest will follow." 

Ashley reluctantly followed her onto the stage, still a bit in shock. When they got to the centre of the stage Phoebe turned to her and said, "It's OK, don't worry, just enjoy, let your feelings guide you," and she started to kiss Ashley. 

Ashley felt Phoebe's hot lips touching hers, and kissed back. It was intense. Knowing all the men and Ruby were watching her felt embarrassing and exciting at the same time. She felt Phoebe's arms wrapping around her, and answered the hug. A tongue touched her lips and she opened her mouth slowly, allowing Phoebe access for a deep French kiss. 
