 He was watching her. His blood was heating up as she took off her robe. Jason knew his time was near, rubbing his hands together he waited for Maria to lay down. Taking her by force would be such a thrill. He was getting hard just looking at her through her bedroom window. A watcher by nature, the thrill in the unknown, his victims so far never having known he was there. Just thinking of several other women he had raped made him throb now with a need to feel her skin touching his. Jason was in his mid to late twenties, soft wavy blonde hair and blue eyes. He knew he had the body of a god, but his mind was seriously off balanced. During the daytime hours he worked in construction, heavy equipment and laboring had earned him that toned body. However when the sun went down, he turned into a hunter. Tonight Jason’s newest victim was a rather fun loving woman. Maria had no idea he was stalking her, there were no signs, he was absolutely positive she was in her bedroom unaware. 

He watched her as she slid onto her bed. Jason knew if he didn’t slip inside her house soon he would explode and he meant literally spill his seed inside his brand new Calvin Klein shorts. He continued to watch, enthralled as Maria turned her body facing the window. She raised her leg and bent it at the knee, she trailed her hand slowly down her breast softly tweaking her already taut nipple. Jason couldn’t hear the moan she let out but for him the game had just begun. No other victim had done this before. This added to his already overworked mind. A woman who pleasured herself was held above all others. That meant to him she was comfortable with her body. Distracted now he could not hope to enter her home for sometime. He chose to stand outside her window and pretend it was his own hands putting that silky smile on her lips.

Jason’s cock gave a powerful jerk when he saw her place her fingers on the hair below her navel. He slowly wrapped his hand around his now hard cock as Maria opened her legs wider and drew her fingers down into her already moist pussy. His breathing became labored as he jerked his cock faster. Suddenly he shot a huge load of cum when he saw her bring her fingers to her mouth and lick them. Premature ejaculation had always been a serious problem for him. Using his shirt tail he cleaned himself off. Leaving the scene would be hard for him to do, but he knew that getting an erection again was just not going to happen. As he turned to leave he looked at her bedroom window again, this time it seemed she was staring right at him. How could that be, it was so dark out here he would hardly be able to see his way to the car.

As Jason got to his car he was pretty confident that her looking out the window was only reflex. He drove himself home, he was in a state of unrest. Not exactly pleased to find himself wet in some spots on his jeans from having squirted his cum all over himself. He would have to come up with a good story, having his wife find dried or even wet cum on his jeans would only cause her to question some of his late night prowling. 

Hoping he was late enough that Sue (his wife) would already be asleep, Jason rushed in his home and shucked off his pants, throwing them and the rest of his clothes in the laundry room washer. Pulling on some clean sweats and adding some extra clothes to the washer, Jason stepped into the kitchen. Sue was there to ask him why he was washing clothes so late at night. He calmly explained to her that he had been out walking and one of the neighbors dog had jumped all over him covering his pants with mud. Trying to please his wife he told her he had thrown extra clothes in with the wash to save her some work.

Smiling at Jason, Sue took him by the hand leading him to their bedroom. Passionately kissing him on the lips with an expectant look in her wide violet eyes, Sue asked him if she could repay him by sucking his cock. Sadly he told her no, he had been out walking trying to rid himself of a major headache. Fortunately Sue had always been aware of Jason’s sexual problems, however much she tried to help him, she felt he need to seek counseling to find out the underlying problem. Maybe if he caught her touching herself several times in a row he would realize how serious their lack of sex was affecting his wife.

Jason was always telling Sue how beautiful she was. Sue had long auburn hair, hazel eyes, she was a very shapely 145 pounds. Working out from time to time left her body toned and firm, her 36D breasts weren’t sagging, and she had been shaving her pubic hair since before Jason had married her. Fortunately for Sue, she had been keeping rather strict tabs on her wayward husband. She knew about his peeping tom activities and she was aware he had raped a few of his victims, soon she planned to reveal this to him in hopes of blackmailing him into seeking counseling. Otherwise she would take the information to the police and leave him for good.

Between Sue, Jason, and Maria; Sue was the one who knew what was going on. She knew that Maria was Jason’s new victim. Sue also knew that is where Jason had been last night. She planned first to confront Maria, hoping the woman would go along with her plans to blackmail Jason. 

Maria on the other hand was more aware of the situation than husband and wife thought. She had witnessed his car following her on several occasions. Maria was classically beautiful. During the working hours her long lustrous blond hair was usually in a bun or ponytail. She did not work out often, even though there was a gym in the building she had her office in. Unbeknownst to husband and wife, Maria had been a sex therapist for several years now. She was a shapely woman, not a petite woman at 165 pounds, her 38 DD breasts usually got her all the attention she needed. She kept her pussy hair natural, trimming it only on special occasions. Maria was strictly heterosexual, however thoughts of being with another women often filtered into her mind. She was beginning to realize that if the right women propositioned her she would more than likely take the offer.

Maria was a strong willed person, there was a .38 special sitting in her drawer in her nightstand. She had known last night that Jason was outside her bedroom window. She also had a feeling that Jason was the man stalking and raping women. In her line of work she knew teasing him into jacking off outside her window would more than likely cause him to leave without harming her. 

While thinking all this, Maria wandered down to the café next to her office building. Sitting at the counter plotting her next move over a cup of coffee, Maria heard a woman order coffee from the waitress. Looking over Maria had to admire this lovely looking woman sitting next to her, the lady’s long auburn hair fell about her face in waves. Soon the two women began talking to each other. Maria learned that the woman’s name was Sue and she was somewhat unhappily married. The two women talked for several minutes, in that time Sue was giving Maria some sexual vibes. Touching Maria on the thigh or brushing against her while they were chatting. Maria soon realized that this was turning her on in a most exciting way.

Maria took a chance and offered to have Sue to her home for dinner that evening. Since Jason was out most nights working late and then prowling around town Sue agreed to the dinner. They said their goodbyes after exchanging phone numbers and house addresses.

After work that night Maria went home and sank into her spacious tub, luxuriating in the hot water and bubbles. She wanted to look and smell her best for Sue, who knew maybe something would happen between them. The more she thought about being with Sue the more excited she became. Her nipples were fully erect now and just slightly peeking over the waterline. Maria couldn’t resist brushing the palm of her hand over her nipple and squeezing her breast. Chastising herself for wanting to masturbate, Maria promised herself she would do just that if nothing happened between her and Sue.

In another house, sitting in her own bathtub; Sue was thinking along the same lines. However she couldn’t resist and while soaking away she slid her hand down her belly finding her pussy lips, spreading them and rubbing her clit as she thought about Maria. Sue had never been with another woman, but she knew that tonight she was going to approach Maria about having sex with her. Not long after making herself cum in the bathtub, Sue dried off and dressed for her dinner. Left a note on the table for Jason that she would be out most of the night and drove off.

Sue arrived at Maria’s home wearing her most comfortable jeans and a sweater without her bra. She was so excited her nipples were hard as rocks and they tended to stick out pertly when they were that hard. Maria opened her door also wearing comfortable jeans and a loose fitting t-shirt, however Sue could see that Maria was not wearing a bra and she looked rather excited also. Maria had fixed a wonderful dinner of sautéed steaks with mushrooms and onions, baked potatoes and a salad. They drank at least two glasses each of red wine while eating and they talked the whole time, getting to know each other better. They moved their talk to the living room sofa. Sue shyly asking Maria had she ever thought about having sex with another woman before? Maria said yes she had thought about it a lot lately. Maria wanted to know if she could kiss Sue, she said yes, she always wanted to know what it felt like. So leaning toward each other Maria and Sue explored each others mouths with their tongues. Both were moaning softly when the kiss broke some minutes later. After drinking a couple of more glasses of wine and more kissing the two women decided moving to the bedroom might afford them better access to each other.

Back at home after work Jason found the note from his wife. He decided this would be a perfect time to take his shower and go watching again. Grabbing a quick bite to eat and showering and changing he headed out the door. Driving to Maria’s house he was thinking of last night when Sue had wanted to fuck him. He was starting to think it was time to go to a therapist for his problem. He loved his wife, she was beautiful and so understanding. On the other hand though he could tell how frustrated she was getting when sex was few and far between or didn’t happen at all. He arrived at Maria’s home rather quickly, and always going on foot around the back of the house he did not see Sue’s car parked in the drive. He situated himself inches from the window somewhat concealed by a low hedge.

There was just enough light from the moon to cast shadows in the room, darkness fell early in their town. Soon Jason saw two figures enter the bedroom, he frowned realizing tonight he would only get to watch. Maria lit a fire in the fireplace in her bedroom, Jason thought that was a nice touch, and it also shed more light on the couple. The other person in the room had their back to the window but by the looks of the long hair Jason was shocked to find Maria was with another woman. His day was brightening so far, but this woman was looking familiar to him, where had he seen her before. About that time Sue turned to Maria, offering a full view to Jason. Jason recognized his wife standing in the bedroom, what was he going to do now. It looked to him as if the women were rather cozy with each other, should he stay and watch his wife fuck another woman or slink away and stay at home tonight.

Drawn to the scene before him, his choice already made; Jason watched as the two women laid down next to one another. His gaze was glued to the two women kissing, the bulge in his jeans was getting prominent now. He couldn’t believe he was witnessing his wife with the women he had intended to rape. While kissing they had gradually shed their clothes. Sue was sucking on Maria’s nipples with relish, and from the look on Maria’s face she was enjoying it immensely. In the back of her mind Maria hoped that her stalker was watching her being pleasured by a women. 

While in Sue’s mind she was wondering if Jason was outside the window getting hard and being envious that his wife was with his intended victim. That brought a huge smile to her face and pushed her to let her tongue roam further down Maria’s stomach, getting closer and closer to her pussy.

Breathing in the scent coming from Maria’s pussy, Sue dropped her head and listened to Maria moan softly as she took her clit in her mouth and sucked on it. Sue urged her gently to spread her legs wider, and with her fingers started sliding one inside Maria’s wet warm pussy. Maria’s breathing was coming faster, she was moaning so loud now that Sue realized it wouldn’t be long before she could taste her cum. Wanting to prolong the inevitable, Sue withdrew from Maria’s pussy to passionately kiss her on the mouth, letting her taste some of her own juices. Now Maria’s was pleading with her to make her cum, Sue went down on her again, this time relentlessly sliding her fingers in and out of Maria’s pussy and sucking hard on her clit. Sue could feel her own juice trickling a little down her thigh. She was so turned on and ready to cum. Which she nearly did when with a shudder and a load cry of pleasure Maria started to cum, her hips rocking against Sue’s mouth. 

Soon after cumming in Sue’s mouth Maria seemingly looked right out her bedroom window and smiled. Jason, sitting in the shadows, wasn’t even aware that the smile was meant for him. While Sue was giving Maria pleasure he had once again been stroking his cock and shooting his cum all over his hand, that had even happened before Maria had cried out with her release.

He was shocked however minutes later to discover that he was getting hard again when Maria reciprocated and went down on his lovely wife. He then watched her do things to his wife that even he hadn’t done. This time he tried to keep his hands off his cock long enough to watch how much his wife was enjoying having a woman lick and suck her pussy. Just when he would have started jerking his cock, Maria moved to the opposite side of Sue, giving Jason an unobstructed view of exactly what sue was enjoying so much. He watched as a surprised look passed over Sue’s face when Maria generously lathered her finger with juice from Sue’s pussy and slowly started manipulating it around her puckered ass hole. Still while sucking on Sue’s clit, Maria worked her finger inside the hole and was sliding it in and out faster. Sue was really moaning now, even pushing herself against the finger that was inside her ass. Sue came so hard she had to push Maria away from her. Convulsions of pleasure rocked through her for several seconds. Briefly glancing at the window she saw Jason’s wide gaze looking at her and she smiled.

There will be several chapters to this story, however with it being so many pages I would love it if everyone who reads this first chapter looks forward to what happens next.