 Restlessness had been my constant enemy for years, despite the meetings,deals to broker , drugs , guns and stolen cars I moved , even with all that on top of a legitimate shipping business to run you would think I could curb it . No matter what I tried, the restlessness would overtake me and I would go on pure instinct to satisfy it.

I had been in the lovely city of Charleston for three days now, for a meeting with the local Warlocks motorcycle club to handle their first shipment of Crystal Meth but our plan had slowed down considerably. Actually, it had ground to a screeching halt, was a better description of the current situation and I was not happy about it. 

A few of the members had been recently arrested, and our plans on transporting a dozen custom motorcycles packed with crystal meth via transport truck had to be changed at the last minute. 

The run to Kansas was set for two days from now, the drivers and protection runners would have to be chosen again, and the routes I had already changed , all of this was not a problem just a minor hassle.

It was just after eight o'clock, and I had already eaten dinner at a steakhouse my brother had recommended with Buzz, a member of the Savannah chapter of the same motorcycle club who earned his legitimate living as security on my payroll. 

At six foot -three and about two hundred and eighty pounds all Buzz really had to do as far as security for me was look menacing and that came to him naturally. 

Buzz looked like he just stepped out of The Wild Bunch he could have passed for a young Marlon Brando, dressed in classic Levi's, a white tee, black motorcycle boots, with his jet-black hair slicked back, and his classic military cap turned around backwards.



Dinner had been excellent just as I had figured, my brother Jason knew food like I knew women, it was our inherit nature. 

Buzz had invited me along for a club party afterward and as much as I enjoyed a good back yard throw down I was not in the mood for a crowd, especially not one as rowdy as the Warlocks clubhouse could be.

"Come on, there will be bitches ...you know you like bitches." Buzz had teased with his childish grin.

He was standing in the doorway of our adjoining rooms, grinning stupidly trying to get me to go with him.

"You need to party a little Jordan, to kill whatever this mood is your in." he goaded me a bit more.

"I'm not in a mood, I am aggravated at your fellow brothers for getting arrested for something as stupid as not paying their child support and changing my well laid plans." I gave him a snide grin, even though that was not the reason for my restless mood. 

"Ok, whatever...you gonna be cool?" his tone was as usual concerned.

"Yes, I'm armed and not leaving so I should be fine, so please go and have a blast and I'll see you in the morning and we will go to the port like we planned for that meeting." I offered with a little warmer smile.

"Cool, I'm out then. "He gave a wave and was gone.

Finally, I was alone, finally it was quiet and I was still filled with restlessness.

I walked out onto our shared balcony at the Rutledge Inn and stood quietly leaning against the railing looking down at the city of Charleston and it is illuminated, tourist filled streets.

I pondered my options, as I lit the joint I was holding, inhaled deeply and closed my eyes.

I knew what I needed, I had not seen Rachael Harris in weeks far too many to count now and I was more than frustrated and in need that familiar touch.

I thought that I could do this, go this long without seeing her but I was obviously wrong.

The more I paced the more I thought of her, the more I missed her touch, those insatiable lips and the enticing body of my brunette banker. 

I felt like a junkie who needed a fix, my skin crawled with want and my body ached to its core for that all too familiar, gratifying pleasurable high.

I could go out, find a stranger, a random replacement for the night someone to curb my appetite but I knew it would only be a fleeting fix and probably just another hassle.

Another hassle was something I did not need, a stranger never really curbed my appetite anyway, and all it did was feed my desire for the chase. 

I sat a bit longer, smoking, and weighing my options to curb the need I had brewing in me. my gut instinct would be to call the banker, breaking my rule and giving in to the need for her, again this decision would only be more of a hassle and creating my own hassle wouldn't be as easy to fix as a couple of idiot biker's that didn't pay their child support.

I finished half the joint and walked inside grabbing my cell phone, my decision made I pulled up her name and dialed her number.

One ring, two rings, was I taking a shot in the dark?

It had been so long since I had asked her for this would she answer?

Finally, on the third ring her soft, sweet voice answered.

"Jordan, I'm on my way to dinner can I call you back?" she asked politely, the sound of the car droning in the background.

"I need to see you." I said softly, knowing she would hear the honesty in my voice.

"Where are you ..., are you ok?" she asked, immediately concerned about my well-being, which made me smile.

"I'm fine ....please ...I just need you." I said again, giving her what I knew she wanted to hear, what I knew would bring her to me.

It had been so long, but she would never deny me, not after all this time and certainly given our history. Although her momentary pause suddenly made me second-guess my decision, as I waited patiently for her answer.

"Where are you?" she asked finally.

I could not stop the triumphant smile on my face or the jolt of anticipation that shot through my body.

"Rutledge Inn, in downtown Charleston...you know the one."

"It will take me a few hours to get there, I have to go home first I'll need some things." 

"Room 147 and I'm not going anywhere, we've got all night." I said confidently.

"You are going to need it, it's been far too long." she said seductively before hanging up.

Proud of my self, I stood up pulled a beer from the mini fridge and headed to the bathroom for a nice long, relaxing bath, I had plenty of time before she would arrive and my mind was instantly racing with the images of our past rendezvous.

Each time we had done this, every random hotel, every chance meeting, every late night surprise visit, each moment burned into my memories, every satisfying moment we had ever spent with one another filled my hazy stoned mind and I welcomed them wholeheartedly. 

Whatever restlessness I felt was slowly seeping away and being replaced by desire, as I sunk down into the luxurious garden tub letting the hot, steaming water loosen my tense muscles. A few hours I could easily kill if it meant the end result would be total satisfaction and a calm to my restless need.

After a long soak in the tub , I called room service and ordered a few things I thought we might need, and slipped on black boy shorts and a white tank top , I walked out on the balcony , sparked the joint back up and sat quietly again watching the evening slowly drift by. It was just after ten o'clock, she would be here soon, and anticipation was my current companion, with restlessness nowhere to be found.

Room service delivered a few moments later and I tipped Chad the bellhop generously even after I greeted him in practically nothing , sending him whistling and smiling back down the hallway like a kid who got an early Christmas present.

I had at least another hour to kill, and I decided to spend it double-checking my routes and plans for the Kansas run.

I did not need to, but it would pass the time. 

I crawled up on the bed, after putting the champagne I ordered out on the balcony, and turned on my laptop and began going over routes and time schedules.



The light knock on the door made my stomach flutter, and I opened it slowly to find Caroline Carson standing there smiling flirtatiously at me. There would be no more thought of Rachael Harris not tonight, tonight I would feed my monster.

The stunning redhead had always been my cure for this particular ache, the one person I ran to when I needed a sure fix. 

It had been nearly a year since I had asked for this, but she never failed me. 

I took her in, as she stood there, dressed in a classic black pencil skirt and a silk, long-sleeved white blouse that left little to cover the fact that she was not wearing a bra.

"Hello love." She said grinning at me knowingly.

"I didn't think you would come." I said softly, as I took her overnight bag and lead her further into the room by her hand.

The luscious redhead stopped and pulled me back against her into a searing kiss, those warm, familiar teasing lips convincing me as I pushed her down onto the couch that sat in the middle of the large suite. 

My body molded against hers, fitting perfectly between her firm thighs as she wrapped her legs around my waist pulling me into her.

Breaking the kiss, I traced her jaw line with my tongue making her grind into me and moan as I bit softly at the thin skin at the side of her neck just below her ear.

"Mmmmmm I'll always come for you." she whispered in my ear as I unbuttoned the blouse she wore. 

I let my palms slide slowly across her bare, full breasts as I pulled her up by the back of her neck into another slow, lingering kiss.

Caroline pulled back from me breathlessly , her deep blue eyes glazed with lust as she sat us up wrapping her legs around my waist , and sitting in my lap. 

Settling comfortably against me, the black skirt she wore slid up her thighs slowly revealing that she was not wearing panties either.

"Oh my Mrs. Carson...how very naughty f you." I teased as I slid the backside of my hand against her soft, warm bare folds. 

"I didn't want to slow you down. "She mumbled, as she ground harder against my hand.

I chuckled as I roiled my tongue against one of her nipples before pulling it between my teeth and sucking on it. 

Savoring the feel of her aroused flesh between my lips, as her breathing changed I moved, kissing slowly over the swell of her breast to take her other nipple in my mouth. 

Biting at it little harder this time, before sucking it between my lips.

"Oh fuck!" she moaned, her hips grinding wantonly against my exploring hand. .

I continued sucking as I slid my left hand into her hair pulling it roughly and tilting her back as I slid two fingers slowly back and forth against her clit moaning against her heated skin at the sensation.

Loving the feel of the warmth that enveloped my hand, I teased her lightly, sliding my fingers up and down her now dripping pussy. 

Holding her against me as she tried to move, I was intent on consuming her, I needed to consume her. I needed the familiarity of her skin and her touch and I knew that she would give it to me unconditionally and let me feed my monster; in turn, she would also feed hers.

"Please Jordan ...please?" she begged, trying to move against my hand, I smiled holding her nipple between my teeth before sucking it back into my mouth again.

Caroline began to tremble as I ground my palm against her clit, her drawn out moans becoming louder as I slowly slipped two fingers in and out of her dripping wet pussy.

Steadily back and forth I pumped, watching the expressions on her face change with each pulse of pleasure. I let go of her hair and pulled her into a slow lazy, taunting kiss, in between her breathless cries of pleasure.

Caroline's hands were everywhere on my body, slipping in between my legs to tease me through the boy shorts I was wearing, and under the white tank to pinch my nipples.

"Turn around." I said softly, as I slipped my fingers slowly out of her. 

Caroline did as I asked, never taking her eyes off me as I peeled off my tank top.



The gorgeous redhead waited patiently bent over the arm of the couch, anticipating more as I flung the cotton tank and slid both my hands across her luscious ass, before smacking her hard.

"Did you bring it?" I asked as I kissed lightly up her spine, biting here or there and making her squirm and back against me.

"Oh yes. " her grin was devilish.

"So you expect me to fuck you with it?" I teased as I pushed my hips into her and let my hands travel up her back. 

"Over and over ..." she grinned.

I raked my nails down her back eliciting a hiss, as I slid my hand between her legs and let my fingers graze over her clit.

"Oh I'm going to ...just not yet." I promised.

I moved back and slid comfortably under her with my lips just inches from her juicy clit, and lightly slipped my fingers back and forth against the little hard nub.

"You're just a fucking tease Jordan," she whispered looking down at me, as she threaded her fingers through my unruly blonde hair and ground down against my face as I slid my tongue flat against her warm pussy.

I let her guide me, with my hands on her hips and her fingers tangled in my hair, she began a slow delicious grind against my tongue.

I moaned at the taste of her, so familiar and sweet and this was my favorite view of her, head thrown back, eyes closed, her lips parted by panting breaths that made her full DD breasts bounce just slightly.

The fingers that had been tangled loosely in my hair, tightened as she moved her hips back and forth. I teased at her clit with light flicks of my tongue , before sucking it slowly between my lips and letting it go only to lick and suck at it just a little rougher , making her cry out loudly .

". Oh...my...god!" she panted.

I moaned my approval, and continued my feast, the soft went sucking sounds coupled with her gasping breaths and the way she was mumbling my name in between told me she was getting close.

The rhythm of her hips had changed , from a slow grind to a more deliberate movement., as she began to move faster , I spread her soaked lips and sucked hard at her clit ,

"Oh fuck .... Baby yes!"

Her thighs began to shake as her orgasm grew. I held tighter on to her hips, holding her against my mouth as I continued to suck greedily at her throbbing clit. Her hands had left my hair moments ago to brace herself against the arm of the couch; I could hear her nails scraping the fabric over her breathy cries of pleasure.

Caroline's entire body shivered as she arched against my mouth, grinding greedily against my face as she growled deeply.

"Don't you dare stop!"



I had no intention this is what I wanted, and there would only be more after this but

I did exactly what she asked me not to do; I stopped sucking at her clit, long enough to slip two fingers deep into her swollen cunt.

I pumped them in and out slowly and reveled in the change it caused in her body; the noise she made was near animalistic as she cried out at the new sensation.

Slowly in and out I pumped as she moaned my name again and again and pleaded for release.

My chin and chest were soaked with her juices, as I thrust my fingers in a steadier pace and sucked her clit between my lips sliding my tongue back and forth against it agonizingly slow.

Caroline's pleas became incoherent, but her body knew exactly what she wanted. Spreading her legs open a little further, she ground down onto my fingers, her pace quickening with each thrust.

"Yes.... Yes.... Yes! "She chanted her eyes locked on mine as the contractions hit her.

Wave after wave shook her body, making her cry out soundlessly and gasp for air,

I could feel her muscles contracting around my fingers and I pumped harder into her, my lips and tongue devouring her clit.

I held on as she rode out her orgasm, savoring every second if it.

Caroline was a shuddering, moaning mass of flesh as she leaned over me panting and smiling, as her body slowly came down

"You can definitely make a long drive worthwhile." she joked giggling at herself.

"I'm not done yet." I said running my hands up her stomach and over her breasts.

"I do believe it's my turn. "She said smiling triumphantly at me.

Caroline slid down my body, wedging her thigh against my aching pussy. I was shaking with need for her, and cried out as she pushed her firm thigh into my clit.

"Naughty girl, teasing me like that Jordan." She whispered as she licked along my jaw line and ground her pelvis into me again.

"You taught me well." I grinned and pulled her into me again, I could feel every single inch if her through the thin shorts I was still wearing.

Each thrust of her hips made me gasp just a little louder and Caroline's succulent lips pulled me into a long slow, deep kiss before she broke it and licked across my chin.

"Judging by the mess I made all over this gorgeous face, I'd say I taught you well." she smiled, clearly proud of herself.

I pulled her into another kiss, teasing her lips with my tongue, as I wrapped my legs around her waist pulling her against me again and moaning softly at the contact.

The kiss seemed endless as she moved against me, slowly igniting that need for release. 

Each time her firm thigh brushed against my clit I moaned into her lips and my hips began to thrust back against her my body clearly taking over, as she broke the kiss and sat up straddling my waist.

One of her hands slid across my breasts, pinching my nipples lightly, her other hand twisted the tiny shorts I wore between her legs pulling them tight against my pulsing clit.

I gasped at the sudden intensity of the light touch as she continued to tug at them slowly.

"I've missed this Jordan, missed this side of you." she said as she raked her nails across my stomach before she slid down my body. 

Her warm lips grazed lightly across my breastbone and down my stomach, her long nails scratching at my hipbones as she tugged down the tiny shorts and threw them across the room. Soft lips sucked at the thin skin of my hips soothing the scratches she had just caused as she raked her nails a little harder down the inside if my thighs making me arch up into her waiting lips.

Her hands pinned me back down roughly, as I whimpered at the feel of her lips barely touching my throbbing, wanting pussy.

"Patience darling, like I said I've missed this." the lecherous grin on her gorgeous face told me she was going to take her time having me.

Her warm breath against my bare cunt only made me squirm more, making her grip both my ankles and pull my legs apart .Still she hadn't touched me , her lips would graze across my pubic bone barely touching my skin and the feel of my legs being held apart and being wide open for her only turned me on more. 

I knew what was coming I just had to be patient.

Soft hands stroked up my legs and inside my thighs, her nimble fingers danced over my clit. I arched into her touch again , my hands reached for hers to give myself more contact, but just as quick as I had moved , I found myself pinned to the bed with my arms over my head and Caroline's lip claiming mine in a rough kiss .

She slid a toned thigh between my legs, warm bare skin against my clit and the feel of her naked body pinning me to the bed only pushed my instinct for more. As I tried to move, she shoved me back down and ground against me hard, her lips sucking at the pulse point on my neck.

The feel of her, warm wet pussy against mine was heavenly, Caroline knew everything about my body, knew exactly what I would want from her.

That gorgeous mane of red hair cascaded across her shoulders, hiding those intense blue eyes from me. Possessive lips claimed mine again in a deep, lingering kiss as she began a slow grind with her hips.

Capturing the moans that escaped me, she chuckled at my need, my hands gripped her hips tightly, I was sure she would be bruised the next day as she continued to kiss me slowly. 

The rhythm of her kisses were in perfect time with her hips, both making me throb all over. The feel of her breasts against mine, our nipples touching as she pumped her hips 
