 I strongly urge you to read chapter one first as otherwise this may puzzle you.

***

When she came and sat on my knee she nuzzled into my neck. She felt warm and soft under my touch. Her blouse was still in 'ultra' mode as it had been since the journey back to the office and it gaped enticingly. I looked down at the new red bra that barely covered her breasts and could see a glimpse of aureola just waiting to burst free. 

"So, pretty Yvonne," I said to her, "how was your first day at work? Have you had fun?"

She said nothing, but I could clearly feel her head nodding under my chin.

"And do you like your new office uniform?"

Her head lifted, and she looked down at herself. She tried to pull the sides of the neckline together, but I held her wrists gently to prevent her. She stopped trying and folded her hands into her lap and sat there quietly.

"Don't try and hide yourself from me, young lady," I admonished her, "I bought these for a reason."

As I spoke, I managed to unfasten the last but one button and deliberately rearranged the blouse so that it was spread wide. Her bra did a wonderful job of lifting what little she had and emphasising it.

"Don't you think you look pretty?" I asked her.

Her response was to blush deeply and in a tiny voice she managed to stammer out, "If you say so, Miss."

"Oh, I do say so, little one," I said, reaching inside her blouse and cupping a small breast. I was not surprised to find that her nipple was already hard, and I took it between a thumb and finger and played with it. She squirmed when I did so, I assumed out of pleasure. Cautious about the delicate nature of the blouse I released the final button before pushing if off her shoulders and down to her elbows. I smiled to myself as I slowly unwrapped my prize. My hand went back to her breast and my thumb and finger once more fastened on her hard nipple. I was a little less gentle this time and squeezed it quite hard and I felt her stiffen slightly on my lap. However, she stayed silent and made no move away, so I squeezed even harder. I heard the sharp intake of breath between clenched teeth but still she made no move. I switched to the other breast and repeated the action with the same result. I quietly grinned to myself.

I reached up and slid the straps off her shoulders and pull the front of the bra down finally exposing her lovely breasts. Her blush had spread down her chest turning them pink. I went back to the first nipple and grasped it again. She stiffened in anticipation and I didn't want to disappoint her, so I squeezed hard again, this time twisting and pulling at her making her breast distort and stretch delightfully. Again, that sharp intake of breath and I sensed her hands struggling to stay clasped together in her lap. 

"Good girl," I whispered in her ear as I changed over and gave the same treatment to her other breast.

With a final hard pinch and a dig from my talon-like nails I released her, and she sagged against me. She may have thought it over, but I had other things in mind. I pushed her off my lap and she fell to the floor at my feet a look of bewilderment on her face. I slid my ass forward on the chair and spread my legs.

"Time to say thank you," I told her leaving no uncertainty. My skirt had risen up and my black thong must have been right in her line of sight. She glanced up at my face before looking down and directly between my thighs. She seemed in a daze as she scrambled onto her knees and placed a hand on each of my knees.

"Hands behind your back," I commanded her, and she immediately took them away as if they'd been burnt. Awkwardly she shuffled forward on her knees and, using her nose, she nudged my skirt higher. I shivered at the first contact her nose made with my clit through the thin silk of my thong. Several times, using her nose or her teeth, she tried to move the offending garment to one side, but it was firmly nestled in place. In the end I put my hand on her head and pushed her back. She nearly toppled over but somehow managed to stay upright.

"Let me help you," I said sweetly, and I lifted my ass off the chair and slid the thong away and down my legs. When they were round my ankles, I lifted my feet up and held them out in front of her. I saw her arms move as she started to bring her hands around to the front.

"Did I say you could use your hands?" I asked her with mock anger.

"Sorry, Miss."

Her hands went back once again, and she leant forward and started to take them off with her teeth. She struggled but managed it eventually and I let my feet drop to the floor and I spread my legs wide once more. She continued to kneel there with my thong dangling from her mouth not knowing what to do. I leant forward and took it from her and held it under her nose. I could feel how wet it had become and I wiped it across her upper lip before flinging it into the corner. I leant back and displayed myself to her and she immediately showed she knew her place by bending forward and placing a gentle kiss on my clit. She was nervous to begin with and she ran a line of kisses along my lips with an occasional dab with her tongue but as I pushed myself onto her mouth she grew bolder. Her tongue and lips became more forceful and ever more exploratory. 

Oh god, I'd been waiting all day for this. My hands went to the back of her head as I felt my orgasm getting close. Knowing that she was doing the right thing her tongue slid into me, swirling around inside me. The explosion, when it came, was better than I had imagined it. Without thinking I pulled her face tight against my pussy and held her there. For a while I wandered off on wave after wave. When reality finally intruded once more, I became aware that she was struggling under my grip. I relaxed my hold and her head jerked back and she gasped for breath. I looked down at her and smiled. Her chin and lips shone with my juice. When she had gasped a few times, I pulled her back in and she licked at my pussy trying to catch as much of me as she could. 

From somewhere deep inside me I felt another orgasm building. When she tried to back off I held her in place, although loosely enough that she could breathe. She took the hint and went back to work. I slid even further forward and lifted my feet up exposing my asshole. Oh, what delight! She didn't shy away but immediately attacked it with her tongue sending shivers up and down my spine. She went back and forth between there and my cunt pushing it deep into me each time. Keeping one hand on her head I used the other the play with my clit. Oh fuck! The second time was even better than the first.

When I came back to normality, she was still licking me but much more gently, lapping at me, trying to catch as much of my juice as she could. I half sat half lay looking down at the top of her head and let my feet sink slowly to the floor. I looked round the room to remind myself exactly where I was. It was dark outside, and I wondered what the time was. I gently eased her away from me and she sat back on her heels and looked at me. She was a bit of a mess, my cum all over her face, but she looked happy.

I eased myself up into a sitting position and smoothed out my skirt. It was crumpled and a bit messed up but it would have to do. I had no idea where my thong had landed. I guess we'd find it in the morning. I stood up on slightly shaky legs and she looked up at me uncertainly.

"Do you have anyone you need to phone to say you won't be home tonight?" I asked her. 

She looked down at the floor. "No, Miss."

"Good, then come with me." I demanded.

I was half way to the door and she was struggling to her feet when a thought occurred to me.

"Put the bra on properly but lose the skirt," I told her. Although her blouse had be thrown somewhere her bra still circled her waist. 

"But Miss ..." she said with pleading eyes.

"Don't be a baby," I said, "its dark outside and there's no one around and the car's right outside. Just do it!"

With the air of a frightened Bambi she unzipped the skirt and let it fall round her ankles. She worked the bra back up her chest and put the straps in place. She might just as well have been naked, so flimsy were her clothes but to me she looked lovely. I held the door opened and gestured to her to come out. Reluctantly she did so, and I locked the door behind us. When I turned she was still stood on the small landing at the top of the stairs. 

"Don't hang about, girl, get to the car."

"But, Miss, I need a wee."

The loo was a tiny room at the top of the stairs and I was standing blocking her way.

"Don't be silly," I told her, "making a fuss over nothing. You can go when we get to my house. Now, go!"

And I gestured her down the stairs. She dashed for the car and cowered behind it as I slowly sauntered across. I unlocked my door and took my time before I finally unlocked hers. She quickly scrambled in and shut it behind her. I started the car before turning to her.

"Woe betide you if you make a mess on my seat. Its not far so just hold it in." 

I usually drive far too fast but tonight I chose a more leisurely approach. One hand on the wheel and the other between her legs lightly stroking the front of her thong. There was something satisfying about tormenting the poor girl. By the time we reached my house I could tell she was desperate, and I parked a little more casually than normal. As soon as the car had stopped she was out of the door in a flash. She stood there, illuminated by the outside light, silently squirming with a pleading look on her face.

I gathered my things and got out of my side and looked at her.

"If you need to go," I told her, "do it now."

"But, Miss ..."

"Now," I repeated.

With a look of sad resignation, she looked around her and was relieved to see that she was out of sight of the road. Slowly she tugged her thong down and squatted over the gravel drive. I watched with a smile of amusement and she gushed copiously. I thought it would never end but eventually it slowed to a dribble and then stopped. She stood up shyly and started to pull her thong back up. 

"I don't think you need that any more, do you?"

Obediently she took them off and held them out to me. I stepped forward and took them before reaching out and running a finger between her legs. When I took it out and held it up a small drip glistened in the dim light. I held it out and she willingly took it into her mouth and sucked it clean.

"You're wonderful," I told her, and she glowed at the compliment, "now, come on, I can't wait to fuck you."

I turned away and unlocked the front door and stood aside to let her in. I have to admit here that not all my money comes from the business, the family were not badly off to start with. I never really knew my mother as she died in a car crash before I was one, so dad was all the family I really knew. Him and an odd selection of aunts and uncles. He died about 5 years ago of the big C. He could be a grumpy old bugger at times, but I loved him dearly. He was in the middle of a divorce from his latest wife when he died, and it came as no surprise to anyone apart from her when he left her nothing and it all went to me. Including the family home. I won't say it was massively grand, but it definitely had the 'stately home' vibe. It had the same effect on Yvonne as it did on almost everyone. Her jaw dropped, and she came to a halt blocking the doorway.

Much as I enjoyed the view of a half-naked Yvonne, back-lit by the lights from the hallway, it was getting chilly in the night air, so I stepped forward and nudged her in the back. She stumbled inside still gazing around her with a look of awe.

"Don't dawdle, girl," I admonished her, "I'm getting impatient. I only brought you here to fuck you. Follow me!"

I strode past her and up the curved wooden staircase, my heels echoing from the walls.

I had to admit when I first took over the house I was as dumb-struck as Yvonne had been. Even though I'd known it all my life, on and off during school holidays, it wasn't until I took ownership that I really started to appreciate it. The hallway made such a splendid impact statement that I sometimes brought clients to a meeting here just to intimidate them. The floor was Italian marble and the ceiling stretched all the way to the roof and ended in an ornamented dome. The craftsman made English oak staircase spiralled up in two flights and glowed with the warmth of the wood. I loved the sounds that the room made, the click-clack of heels on the marble, the duller thud on the wooden staircase until the peace and quiet of the carpeted upper floor.

As I climbed the stair, I sensed that Yvonne at first hesitated and then fought through some inner turmoil before deciding to follow me up. I swung to the left and opened the door to the master, or should that be mistress, bedroom. I held it open and allowed her to walk in first. I grinned to myself as I thought I might need some sticky tape to fasten her jaw closed as her chin dropped once more.

The room was dominated by an original Georgian four-poster bed. My first thought when I'd inherited it was to throw it in the skip, but common sense prevailed. I fitted it with a modern mattress and some very expensive bedding and now it was a joy, not only to sleep in but as a playground as well. Once again I had to nudge Yvonne forward. If my plans went well then eventually she'd get used to it but for the moment I was impatient. 

"Get rid of the bra," I told her, "and the shoes," I added as an afterthought, "I can't have you ruining my expensive sheets." 

I stood to one side as she glanced at me before reaching behind herself and unclipping her bra. It was so light it almost floated to the floor. Seeing her young breasts once more was a delight. They really were very pretty. She kicked off her heels and then stood waiting for instructions.

I pointed to the foot of the bed, "kneel up there," I told her, and she obeyed at once. As if by instinct her head went down, and her ass was displayed in all its glory. I walked back and forth a couple of times admiring the view. I could just see a hint of her asshole and her pussy lips gleamed with moisture.

"Knees wide apart," I told her sternly and she obliged at once. "Wait there!"

I walked away and into my en-suite to gather myself. I took several deep breaths. I'd had no idea when Mo came up with her outrageous proposal that things would work out so well. What to do next? I opened the drawer of the cupboard I used to store my toys and looked inside. I quickly glance back through the open door where Yvonne still knelt, head down and ass up. One by one I selected various items and somehow managed to go back to the bedroom without dropping anything. I dumped them all on the bed next to Yvonne and clearly in her sight. I saw her eyes widen when she saw what I had brought.

I reached out and slid a finger down her ass crack and tickled the tight little pucker. To my delight she squirmed back against my touch invitingly. As she watched I picked up a medium sized butt plug making sure she saw my choice. In front of her I squirted lube over it and carefully spread it all over. Then I walked out of her sight.

"Spread your ass, little one," I demanded, and she reached behind her and pulled her cheeks apart. Her pucker was dark pink, almost brown and looked so inviting. I squirted a blob of lube and watched as it slipped slowly down. I caught it with my finger and massaged it in. As my finger entered her, she flinched and then relaxed. I fucked her a couple of times with my finger until I was happy she was well lubed. I pulled out of her and started to introduce the plug. She immediately tensed again but I took no notice. The first inch was easy but then resistance came. But I knew what I wanted so I pushed harder. It was a slow process, but her ass expanded little by little. When we reached the maximum I paused and held it there, savouring the moment, and then, with a final push, her ass accepted it. I loved that moment when it was snatched from my slippery fingers and grabbed lovingly by her ass.

"Good girl," I said softly, "don't move."

I stepped to one side and picked up my favourite toy, my trusty strap-on. It had been made especially for me by a local leather worker. He was somewhat taken aback when I first visited his workshop but soon became enthused with the new project. He'd done a wonderful job and I'd used it multiple times and sung its praises each time. The last time I saw him, in one of the local pubs, he'd taken me aside and thanked me. Apparently, he'd had a few repeat orders as well as other novelty items which he was now advertising online. It felt good to keep local craftsmen in business.

Out of sight behind Yvonne, I climbed into the harness and carefully fitted my dildo in place and tightened the straps. The obscene look of the black phallus jutting out in front of me was always a thrill. I tentatively reached between her thighs. Although my fingers were still slippery with lube it wasn't really necessary as she was already wet enough. Without ceremony or warning I pushed the dildo into her. She was quite tight probably due to the plug, but I kept going until I was all the way deep inside her. I stopped for a moment, resting against the soft cushions of her bottom ... then I started what I had come here to do. I slowly began to fuck her. With each thrust forward she grunted or let out a gasp of pleasure. As I speeded up, she started to push back against me and we slammed together at each stroke. Suddenly she stopped moving and froze briefly before a spasm went through her and she cried out. I grabbed her hips and held myself deep inside her as her orgasm rippled through her. She started to topple sideways but I held her up. I wasn't finished yet. 

I allowed her a brief respite before I started fucking her again. I wanted, demanded, another orgasm from her. Besides I could feel my own lurking in the background. She took a while to realise what was happening but then started to join in. I reached round and started to play with her clit and toyed with her, pulling nearly all the way out before pushing almost violently back in. It was a good job the house was isolated as the scream she made when she came would have wakened the dead. Its effect on me was to make me cum again. When she collapsed under me, I fell forward on top of her. We were both panting and covered in sweat. 

I needed the rest as much as she did but eventually I roused enough to ease my dildo out of her and roll to one side. I looked at her but her face was a blank. I was just grateful I could still see her breathing. I sat up and unbuckled the straps and eased myself from their embrace. I dropped the strap-on to the floor and crawled up the bed and climbed in. I woke half way through the night and felt her body next to mine. When she had recovered I knew not, but some instinct had led her to seek shelter. I put an arm around her protectively and fell back to sleep.

To be continued...