 Chapter 1: Tease

It had already been a couple of days and, uncharacteristically, none of Nina's male co-workers had commented on the looks of the new intern, Anette.

Anette was a young, beautiful woman, though perhaps she was less noticeable because she lacked the "qualities" that the men in the office so adored; mainly large breasts and flirty behavior, accented by revealing clothing.

Anette hadn't any of those, though she was very pretty with her long, jet-black hair and bright green eyes. She wore plain-looking clothing which pretty much covered all of her small, but perfect body.

Also to the disappointment of the men in the office, she acted completely professional towards everyone. It seemed the men were turned off by this, so they didn't even attempt any lame pick-up lines or other degenerate jokes.

What was remarkable instead was the fact that, as unappealing as Anette seemed to be to the males, she appealed all the more to Nina herself. She found herself looking at the intern again and again without even realizing it.

Her male co-workers had abandoned all attempts to woo Nina long ago. They had decided that she was either a frigid religious-type who abhorred all things sexual, or else she was just plain weird. "Weird" was much closer to the truth, as Nina secretly preferred sex with women to sex with men.

Although she had a friend who knew of her desires, someone who wasn't into girls herself, nobody else was aware of the fact, or if they did, they weren't sharing.

Nina found herself hoping that Anette's apparent lack of interest in men originated from the same place as her own. She wished she could ask Anette outright (age was not a factor, as Anette was at least twenty years old and Nina was twenty-eight) where her sexuality stood, but she felt unable, as much of society still adopted a taboo-approach with woman-to-woman relationships.

It didn't help that her boss was a conservative bastard who insisted on separating so-called "female jobs" from "male jobs"; even at the cost of company productivity. Had he allowed both men and women to work the positions which used their strengths instead of their genders, Nina would have been a programmer and designer rather than a secretary.

Nina and her unfortunate co-worker William, who happened to be a secretary by profession, ended up doing much of each other's work when the boss was not looking. Otherwise they would each be sacked.

When the workday ended, Nina usually tried to time her departure for the same time as Anette's so she could be in the women's dressing room, and, without looking suspicious, watch Anette undress and change clothes. Sometimes, when the day had been particularly hot or the air conditioning hadn't worked, even taking a shower.

The sight of Anette's slender, naked form made her feel like there was a highway of satisfactory nerve activity running up her spine, giving her pleasant shivers. Nina usually needed a cold shower after her visual feast. She was pretty sure Anette had noticed her not-so-casual staring, but for one reason or another hadn't said anything.

One day, the clock was ever-so-slightly creeping towards four o'clock, and Nina was wishing for a glimpse of Anette's fair form before her escape for home. But, she sighed, that was only a small wish, and wishes rarely, if ever, got granted as the wisher intended...

As Nina was finishing up some work for William and began clearing up, Anette herself suddenly popped up to Nina's desk, bending over, her face quite close.

"Ms. Jennings," she said with her soft voice, "this came in the mail."

She held out a letter, which clearly didn't arrive in the company mail, or likely by any other post, since it was missing a stamp, and for good measure, any address whatsoever.

"Emm...thanks?" was all Nina could say right then.

She gazed into those bewitching green eyes and tried to discern what was going on behind them.

"I think you should open it in private," said Anette, who leaned even closer, and quickly brushing her finger over her own slightly open lips, she continued "There might be something that you would not like to share."

Smiling mischievously, she added with a barely audible breath, "And I wouldn't either..."

Nina had to swallow quick, or else her heart would surely have jumped out of her chest. Feeling the brush of Anette's breath had required her last ounce of her self-control. She wanted to kiss those lips that were within reach, but still so far away. 

Nina watched the young woman walk away towards the locker room, swinging her hips slightly more than usual.

"Are the reports ready?" her boss's voice cut into Nina's daydream and made her not only swallow the gum she'd been chewing, but to almost have a heart attack and hastily stuff the letter underneath a pile of papers lying on her desk.

"Yes, sir, here they are." She gave him the pile of paper William had dropped off to her earlier. "Just finished them." Nina took the pile of papers from her desk and waved them at him. "I'll just put these papers back in to the archives and be on my way home for the day."

"Tomorrow then, Ms. Jennings." he said, shuffling and glancing at the stack she'd just handed to him.

"Tomorrow, Mr. Port." Nina replied half-heartedly, her head still full with Anette and what had just happened.

Unable to slow down her pace, Nina moved a little faster than normal with her post-work routine. She grabbed the pile of papers and hastily stuck the envelope under her shirt as to not accidentally give it away. She moved so anxiously, that William noticed it when she was dropping by to give him the papers.

As usual, William was sitting at his desk, typing away. His latest work involved some pretty complex thinking and he was furiously sucking one end of a ballpoint pen, trying to figure out what to do next. As William wasn't quite up to this job, he had to rely largely on Nina's input. The two of them had worked with the company for a few years now, and they've become somewhat close friends.

Sometimes Nina had thought that if she was into men, William would definitely be in her top five choices. He was a sweet guy, but as far as Nina knew, he wasn't married and hadn't any girlfriends, either. Still, he appeared to be quite happy with his life from day to day.

As Nina drew closer, William stopped his typing, started to say something and noticed her being a bit out of it for her usual calm self.

"In a hurry, Nina?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Just a bit, um, anxious." she replied. Feeling the blush begin forming at her cheeks.

"Right. Okay, then." William said, smiling. "Thanks for the help, by the way. I couldn't get this code to work without you anyway, but keeping up with the changes is much appreciated. "

"No problem." Nina said. "You keep me in my job, I try to keep you in yours, until the day we have a change in the management." She sighed and gave William the pack of papers she was holding. "Here. These are the papers you asked for earlier. On top of it is today's things. You may want to look into it, I always forget something."

Nina cast a quick glance towards the dressing rooms. "But, I think I'll call it a day." she said. "See you tomorrow, Will."

"Yeah, I'll drink to that one. See ya Nina," William said and returned to his work.

Nina walked towards the women's area with trembling steps, almost wishing that Anette had already left, but then again, hopefully she hadn't...

She entered the dimly lit room, complete with tasteful paintings and large, wide wooden benches. She was only greeted by the sounds of silence; there was no one in sight. Wondering where Anette had gone, Nina sat down on the bench, and took the envelope from under her shirt and tried to feel what was inside.

A few sheets of paper, or maybe a letter. Carefully, she opened the envelope, letting the contents slide out onto her lap.

There were three of them. Pictures. In black and white.

The first one showed a close-up of just Anette's lips, slightly open. They were glistening in the picture. Nina's heart raced in anticipation.

In the second one, Anette had laid herself out stomach-down on a sofa. All she wore were lace panties. There wasn't much light, but Nina could just barely see the small soft curves of Anette's body. Her head was turned facing Nina, a bit to the side, so she could make out the closed eyes and a barely-open mouth.

In the last one, the only things that were diminished were the amount of light and clothes. Anette was on the same sofa, this time lying on her back. The panties were gone, 'replaced' by her right hand, which was angled to cover her womanhood, though Nina was keenly aware of what was there. Anette's head was bent slightly backwards and her lips were partially open, her eyes still closed.

Nina could quite clearly make out the outline of the firm, but petite breasts. The skin was quite pale, making a striking contrast against her midnight hair, which was cascading all over the perfectly-formed body.

Breathing heavily, not the least from trying to figure out why Anette had given these pictures to her, Nina's heart continued pounding.

And who had taken these pictures?

She noticed she was running her finger across her lips, over her throat and carelessly brushing her breast. She fought the urge to allow her hands to continue their explorations, at least here at work.

Just as Nina was putting the envelope into her bag, she heard a sound behind her. It was the padding of soft socks walking on a carpet.

Soft socks on feet that belonged to a young woman, clothed just in her lacy underwear. Having already locked the dressing room door, she walked quietly right up behind Nina and gently touched her shoulders with supple fingers.

Bending down, her warm breath on Nina's ear, Anette cooed, "I see you looked at them," She put her mouth to Nina's other ear, "What do

you think?"

Nina wasn't sure what to answer, her heart and thoughts were racing too fast to think clearly, and Anette's fingers on her shoulder made curious feelings run along her spine right to her hips.

Knowing that it was a stupid thing to say, but unable to stop herself, she asked "Who took them?"

She could almost feel the grin on Anette's face. "Jealous already?" she whispered. "Fear not, I took them myself, with a timer."

Nina could feel the warmth and red creeping to her cheeks faster than she expected or liked. Feeling a bit more than a little embarrassed, she stuttered, "I didn't mean...well..."

After a second or two she got a grip on herself and managed to continue, "Those were incredibly good. How come you are interning here instead of modeling or doing photography?"

Anette sat down next to Nina and put a hand on her leg. "I'm too short to model, and besides, that's not really me, I only like to pose when I want to, and for those whom I feel I would want to watch me. And I did consider photography, but I think I'd like to keep as a hobby."

"But why did you give them to me? How'd you know I...?" Nina managed to say, until Anette interrupted.

"The men might not have noticed, and the boss certainly doesn't have a clue, but do you think you could keep it secret from me?" she smiled. "Takes one to know one, you know."

"So you too...?"

"Yeah."

"And you knew I..."

"Yeah. I'm surprised you didn't notice me looking at you."

"What? You did that too?" gasped Nina, amazed, turning her head towards Anette. She didn't have a clue.

Now that she thought of it, Anette spent a lot of time near her even though that wasn't really where she should work. And she managed to get all the deliveries coming to Nina, instead of the regular mail boy...

The clear green eyes were staring right through her, examining every inch of her being. It was like she could feel the eyes peeling her clothes off and looking at every dip and curve of her body.

The thought made her feel like she was just warm jelly in Anette's hands; Anette could do anything and Nina wouldn't even question it. It felt great. Nina tried to calm her breathing as she raised her other hand to meet Anette's cheek.

Anette met her hand midway and knotted her fingers between Nina's. Nina sensed a warmth somewhere very deep inside her and her toes curled involuntarily as the feeling crept along her body.

Anette pulled Nina's hand to her chest. "Can you feel it? My heart?" she asked softly. "It beats like this every time I see you, but now that you are here I feel like it could burst right out of me."

Nina could indeed feel Anette's heart beating, at least as fast as her own was right then. She could also feel Anette's small but shapely breast under her black lace bra.

Moving her hand just a little, so that her fingers scarcely touched the edge of Anette's erect nipple, Anette visibly twitched and Nina heard her let out a tiny moan.

Nina wondered how far this would and should go, but all the reasons were not enough to make her consider stopping. She gently flipped her finger around the lace-clad nipple and traced a fingertip from her other hand up to Anette's bare arm.

Now that she had both hands working she drew closer to Anette and let her fingers run down the smooth back of the young woman. Anette closed her eyes, arched her back and head slightly and breathed out a moan.

Drawing a deep breath, almost tasting the sweet scent of the young woman in front of her, Nina faintly smelled some exotic flowers, mixed with sweat and lust. It was quite intoxicating to Nina; she knew she was in over her head and that nothing short of a stampeding horde of elephants could stop them now.

And if Anette's reactions were any indication, she figured the feeling was mutual.

Bending down to kiss Anette while Anette laced her own arms around Nina's neck, Nina gently laid the pliable intern on her back against the bench. Anette kept her arms around Nina's neck, raised her legs and crossed them over Nina's back. Nina softly kissed Anette's neck before carefully licking the lobe of her ear, which made the girl's body tremble. She let out a quiet whimper.

Nina freed herself from Anette's delicious grasp and rose to a sitting position. Letting her fingers run along the small curves that made up Anette's form, Nina traveled first from ear to throat, then along the edges of her hand before jumping to her hip and continuing along the leg. Then it was back along the other smooth leg towards Anette's soft belly.

Making a few circles around the delicate belly-button before continuing to the breasts, Nina carefully avoided the nipples, but gradually made smaller and smaller circles around the sensitive pink points on top of Anette's breasts.

Anette's breathing was quick and loud, her mouth slightly open and her eyes closed, but she couldn't keep still. All this tickling made her rise up and throw her hands around Nina, hugging her tightly.

This gave Nina the opportunity to continue her fingering on Anette's back. She made her way along her spine right to the top of her buttocks, where she made a few circles again and continued to trace her hands up Anette's delicate back.

Anette began kissing Nina from her ear down to her golden neck; from there to the top of her blouse. Nina had to stop fingering then, because the soft lips on her skin almost made her melt.

It felt wonderful; feeling the kissing in her spine, where the sensation then electrified her insides and continued along her legs all the way to her toes, where she was quite sure her socks were literally spun around her feet.

Both of the girls were panting quite heavily and their bodies were slick with sweat. Together, Nina's white-blond hair and Anette's raven tresses crisscrossed each other's bodies, creating a stunning contrast of dark and light lines against moony and golden skin- their lines were clear, and yet the two forms melded, erasing the boundaries between the two women.

Nina felt Anette's hands graze under her shirt and creep up to her breasts. Anette gave Nina a brief glimpse of amazement when she realized that Nina wasn't wearing a bra.

The lithe hands continued their exploration under her clothes, sending surges of pleasure twirling all over Nina's body. When Anette ran her fingers down her spine, Nina bit her lip to keep from crying out too loudly.

"Anette...I think we...mmmm!" she managed to utter, but was interrupted by Anette's hands lightly pinching her hard nipples.

"Yes...we should..." Anette said an inch from her ear, simultaneously running her finger across Nina's stomach, continuing all the way between her legs and pressed her pants gently but firmly against welcoming inner lips.

"Ohhhhhh!" Nina gasped and bit her lip quite hard to stop herself from crying louder. Panting hard, she continued, "Anette...I...I want you so much right now, but if someone discovers us here..." she left the sentence hanging in the air because that was about as much as she was able to muster.

"Well, Ms. Jennings, aren't you on the edge now?" Anette whispered and withdrew her hand after quickly brushing the insides of Nina's legs. "But I know what you're after..." she said, grinning. "Literally..."

Anette let go of Nina, rose up from the bench and started towards the showers. Her back to Nina, she stretched and unwound her bra, letting it fall to the floor.

Continuing her seductive walk, Anette slipped her panties down more and more with each step, until they, too, fell to the floor. Turning the corner, she sinuously disappeared to the showers.

--------

Copyright © 2007 Nite (Antti Vahtera). Edited by bluebell7. 