 All the way home the car was almost silent. Rose sat in the seat beside me buried into her own thoughts. Even the back seat was calm and quiet. Whatever magic Yvonne had performed on Mo had certainly worked as she sat with her eyes closed and a quiet smile on her lips. Yvonne stared out of the window, oblivious to her streaked lipstick. Every so often I caught her licking those lovely lips and giving a secret smile to herself.

I was grateful for the peace as I had much to think about. My life had suddenly become more complicated. I wasn't complaining because I knew it was all down to me. What had started off as simply employing a new office trainee had become something much bigger. Yvonne had started to become a permanent fixture in my life. I was worried how she would react if I started to show an interest in someone else. The truth is I held a great affection for Yvonne despite the short time we had known each other. And yet I felt myself lusting after Rose. I just couldn't help myself especially after having seen her in all her glory.

I glanced sideways at her. She was sitting quietly staring out of the windscreen. Her top had once again risen up, completely obscuring her cleavage. I wondered if this was by accident or design. Either way I felt deprived of some of her charms. I took one hand off the wheel and reached across and started to tug it down again. She jumped when she felt what I was doing and looked over at me. I frowned her a silent message and she allowed me to pull it down as far as I could. It wasn't as low as I'd set it in the shop, but it would have to do for now. At least it was now obvious that she had breasts. Smiling secretly to myself I concentrated back on the road in front of me. 

When we got back home, we piled out of the car, grabbed all the carriers from the boot and went inside. There were things that needed organising. I shifted into 'boss' mode without a problem.

"Yvonne, take Rose into the living room. Mo ... can you find a bottle and some glasses? You know where they are. I just need to fetch something from upstairs."

Without waiting for a reply, I headed for the stairs. Carol was brilliant at judging her customer's requirements, but I felt that something was missing from Rose's ensemble. In my room I searched through various drawers until I found what I was looking for. I grabbed a few more items before going back down. Mo had wasted no time. When I walked in, she already had the bottle open and the wine poured. All three of them were sitting on the chaise, glasses in hand with a fourth on the table in front of them. Mo had already pulled Yvonne onto her lap and was fervently kissing her while Rose sat at the other end trying not to look at them with an embarrassed blush adding to the redness of her cheeks. I was pleased to see that, just for once, her blouse had not been pulled up but remained at the level it had been in the car. I dumped the stuff I had brought with me from upstairs on the table at the side and motioned for Rose to move along to make room for me. I sat down, picked up my wine and spread myself freely so she was squashed between us. Mo and Yvonne came up for air as I sat down. 

"Have we all had a fun afternoon?" I asked.

"Fucking brill, darling," was Mo's enthusiastic reply before she ducked her head down and kissed one of Yvonne's nipples that had somehow escaped from her bra.

Yvonne simply smiled at me before returning attention to Mo. I turned to Rose and, after placing a hand gently on her bare thigh, asked, "how about you?"

She hesitated and then, "yes, Miss, but ..."

"No 'buts'," I scolded her, "I enjoyed it as much as you did. However, ..." I smiled to myself as a nervous look flashed across her face. I reached to the side and picked up a package from the table beside me. "However, ... much as I appreciate Carol's skills at picking out wardrobes, I differ from her in one thing about your outfit Rose." 

She looked at me with a puzzled expression.

"She thought bare legs were the best option but, for me, I think a pair of nice sexy stockings would be so much nicer. Don't you agree?" and I held up the package. "This is a pair of the best quality hold-up stockings and they will go perfectly with what you're wearing underneath. Now, up you get and stand over there."

She glanced sideways but Mo and Yvonne were taking no notice. Yvonne's blouse had now gone completely, and both her nipples were peeking over her bra. With a resigned look Rose stood up and went to where I pointed. I leaned across and smacked Yvonne on the leg and she came out of her Mo-induced trance and yelped. I very dramatically tapped my wristwatch.

"It's not home time yet," I told her, "technically you're still at work, young lady. You can fuck Mo in your own time." As she watched I tore open the package, pulled out a pair of red stockings, wafted them through the air and held them out to her. "Help Rose put these on," I told her.

Disentangling herself from Mo's octopus-like embrace she took the stockings from me and walked over and knelt at Rose's feet. She gently tapped her on the leg and I smiled quietly when Rose lifted it up. Off came her shoe and a stocking was carefully placed onto her foot and rolled up her leg. I had the feeling that Yvonne spent more time than was strictly necessary in adjusting it but by now Rose knew better than to complain. The shoe was replaced on her foot and then Yvonne gently placed it back on the floor. Without asking, Rose lifted her other foot and the process was repeated. Yvonne finally stood up with a look of a job well done. She took Rose's hand and theatrically presented her to Mo and me. I gave them both a short applause.

"You look stunning, Rose, you really do. Just turn around for me, there's a good girl."

She did so nervously. I liked what I saw, the skirt just short enough to show the filigree patterning of her stocking tops and her blouse pulled low enough to show a hint of cleavage but I was still a little disappointed.

"That's lovely, Rose," I complimented her, "but this is not showing off all the other items I bought. They were, after all, the main focus of our shopping trip. Please take off your blouse and skirt for me. Yvonne, perhaps you could help." I smiled benignly at them both, but my voice made it clear that it was a command.

Yvonne quickly got my plan and stepped up to Rose at once and began to lift the blouse up. Rose was slower to react and at first looked confused. Eventually she lifted her arms to allow the blouse over her head. By the time Yvonne had unfastened her skirt and let it slide down over her legs she was once more in compliant mood and lifted first one foot then the other, steadying herself with a hand on Yvonne's shoulder as she did so. When she was free of her outer clothing she stood before us with her hands shyly held over her breasts, shielding her nipples from view.

"Tut tut, Rose, don't hide your charms from us," I chided her.

Yvonne came to the rescue by taking one of Rose's hands and lifting it high in a sort of victory pose. At last I was able to enjoy the fruits of Carol's skill and my generosity. She looked magnificent and so very sexy and fuckable. The corset was a masterpiece of the corset maker's art. It cinched her waist delightfully which, along with the clever 'squeeze and lift' construction gave her a pair of boobs to be proud of. That her nipples peered over the top made her even more desirable. Her thong was the merest scrap of cloth that hid virtually nothing as the bottom of the triangle had started to work its way between her lips which peeked out either side. I made a twirling motion with my hand and, with Yvonne's encouragement, she slowly turned around. The lacing down the back of the corset was in black which nicely echoed the black trim elsewhere. The thong was almost invisible, buried as it was between the cheeks of her arse. And what an arse it was! Plump and full and just begging for a spanking. I turned to Mo for her approval, but her eyes were fixed on the pair of girls in front of her.

"So, what do you think?" I asked her, nudging her to get her attention.

"Fucking amazing, darling," she finally managed to say, "and worth every penny."

"I totally agree, and I don't begrudge any of it."

Then Mo surprised and delighted me. "Yvonne, you gorgeous slut," she said, "why don't you give our new friend a kiss."

I knew that Yvonne would be only too happy to comply, but I was curious to see how Rose would react. In the end she had no choice as Yvonne put her arms round the girl and forced their lips together. The kiss seemed to go on for ages and at one point I'm sure Yvonne pushed her tongue into Rose's mouth. Slowly Rose began to relax and start to enjoy it and her arms went around Yvonne. When they finally came up for air, Rose was blushing deeply, and Yvonne looked triumphant. She made sure to maintain their embrace as she turned to us and grinned. I simply smiled back at them and gave an encouraging nod. Yvonne returned to the task in hand and this time Rose was quick to welcome her. She didn't even object when Yvonne's hand found her nipple and began to toy with it.

I was slightly jealous as I had been determined to be the first to violate Rose, but I was enjoying the action in front of me too much. besides I knew I could stop them at any point. Yvonne was doing all the hard work of warming Rose up for me and by the look of it that was turning out quite well. The more that Yvonne pinched and squeezed and rolled her nipple around the more fervently Rose indulged in the kiss. When Yvonne broke the kiss and ducked her head to suck on her nipple the expression on Rose's face became more visible. She seemed to have left the room and wandered into another world. A world solely composed of pleasure, a pleasure that was new and exciting.

Now that Yvonne's mouth had taken over nipple duties her hand was free to wander. And wander it did, sliding across the smooth shining fabric of the corset and finding itself inevitably between her legs. I watched enthralled as she made her first tentative touch. Such a gentle stroke along the length of that tiny triangle of cloth. Rose was past caring and made no move to stop her and Yvonne's stroking became more insistent. She pressed the thong deeper and more of Rose's lips displayed themselves. Even in the shadows they glistened with moisture.

As Yvonne pressed harder her finger slid over the tiny thong and slipped underneath. Almost by accident it disappeared inside Rose who was, by now, too far gone into her own world to stop it. I was about to call Yvonne off when Rose started to shake violently and nearly collapsed, only held up by Yvonne's arm around her waist and the crooked finger that impaled her. Yvonne flashed me a guilty look as well she might as I was suddenly very angry. She had stolen from me the one thing I wanted, namely Rose's first orgasm. Knowing she had displeased me she let her finger slide out as she allowed Rose to sink to her knees on the soft carpet. She managed to stay upright by leaning on Yvonne's leg but was gasping for air. My anger spilled over.

"You little bitch," I shouted at Yvonne, "did I give you permission to make her cum?"

In reply she almost burst in to tears and dropped to her knees next to Rose and looked shamefacedly at the carpet. Rose, with the sudden shift in support fell sideways and lay curled up still breathing heavily. I allowed myself a long pause to gather my thoughts. I glanced at Mo who was looking as sternly at the two girls as I was.

"Rose, stop wallowing down there and kneel up properly," I said in my most severe voice.

Slowly she seemed to come back to reality and after a struggle managed to get back to her knees. She was still dazed and unsure of what was happening. I turned my attention back to Yvonne.

"What you have done, bitch, is unforgivable. You have deprived me of something I have been looking forward to all day and you know it." I paused and gazed upwards as if in thought. "Remember Miss Evans?" I asked her, and she nodded and looked at me before glancing at the door to see if the witch was coming in, "compared to what I am about to do you'll wish it was her." Her eyes flashed wide before she averted her gaze once more finding the carpet a fascinating sight. I turned my attention back to Rose.

"Rose, look at me," I ordered her, and her eyes flicked up and stared at me with a frightened look on her face, "what you did is a little more forgivable as you have yet to learn the rules. However, to display yourself so blatantly in front of two respectable women that you hardly know is difficult to explain. That in itself is something that cannot go unpunished. Do you understand?"

Still looking slightly puzzled she gave me a tiny nod of agreement. "I will ask my friend here to deal with Yvonne and then I will deal with you." I turned to Mo and she was grinning from ear to ear. "I think 12 with the paddle would be about right, Mo." I picked up the paddle that I had brought from the bedroom and held it out to her and she took it eagerly then she turned and beckoned to Yvonne who stood up slowly and started to approach until Mo held her hand up and stopped her.

"Strip first, slut," she commanded in a harsh voice. I was a little nervous now that I had said twelve and given her the paddle. I knew that Mo was not one to hold back. I watched as Yvonne, knowing she had no choice, unclipped her bra and then slid her underwear down her legs. My god but she looked lovely! Mo pointed at her lap and Yvonne draped herself over her knees facing away from me. All I could see was her long legs and her bare arse. I reached across and stroked it and gave it a gentle slap in a sort of 'best of luck' gesture. Before Mo started, I wanted to get Rose in position, so I motioned her over to me. By now she knew where she had to go and lay across my lap looking straight at Yvonne's vulnerable bottom. I wanted her to watch every stroke and be grateful that I had decided the she deserved only six from my hand. I put my hand in the small of her back and started to stroke her arse cheeks as Mo began to tap Yvonne's with light strokes of the paddle.

When the first true blow fell Yvonne yelped loudly and Rose flinched so much it was only my hand on her back that stopped her falling off my knees. As more hard blows came down, I continued to stroke Rose softly but slowly insinuating my hand between her legs. She was still wet from before and her inner thighs gleamed with her juices. When Mo got to four, she paused and did the same to Yvonne and I took advantage of the lull to slip Rose's thong over her arse and down her legs where it settled around her ankles.

When Mo resumed, I slipped a finger inside Rose, but she was too concentrated on watching Yvonne's arse slowly redden to take much notice. When Mo paused again at eight, I started to push deeper into Rose and she seemed to suddenly realise what was going on and pressed back against my hand. She was flowing profusely now and making a wet patch on my skirt. Yvonne too seemed to be getting pleasure from her treatment. Mo lifted the paddle once more ready for the final few strokes. As I suspected she wasn't one to hold back and the sound of the last four strikes resounded around the otherwise silent room. She dropped the paddle noisily on the floor as a signal that it was all over, and I could see Yvonne's body visibly relax. I swung my legs toward Yvonne and, using a handful of hair lifted Rose's head up. She quickly grasped what I wanted of her and lay a lingering kiss on each of Yvonne's battered cheeks.

As Mo gently lifted Yvonne up I swung my legs back out of the way. Mo guided Yvonne to sit in her lap and although she winced as she did so, snuggled into her welcoming arms. We all turned our attention back to the girl laying across my knee. She knew her moment had come, and she had stiffened under my hands. My finger was still deep inside her and I took it out, wiping it in her bum crack stroking her anus as I did so. It was far too early to go there but I wanted her to know that it wasn't off-limits. Holding her firmly with the hand on her back I tapped her lightly with the other. She relaxed slightly and at that moment I struck my first blow. To my surprise she jumped less than she had at Yvonne's first strike from the paddle. The sound of the smack made a very satisfying sound that echoed around the room.

I held back for the first three but then I let fly. I'd had a few years to practice and I had a good right arm. Rose was silent throughout. When I had delivered number six, I let my hand brush gently over her red cheeks. She was wetter than ever and the stain on my skirt had grown bigger. I pushed my finger back inside her before glancing across at the pair next to me. Mo had at least two, possibly three, fingers inside Yvonne and was fucking her rapidly.

"This one," I told Mo, indicating Rose, " is going to come again. But not that one. You're on trust Mo. Bring her as close as you dare but no cum."

Mo looked at me grinning and nodded her agreement. I returned attention to Rose. A second finger joined the first although she was quite tight, and it was a bit of a stretch for her. She was already really close, and the new intrusion sent her over the edge immediately. Despite her silence during her spanking now her voice was heard as she almost shouted a series of guttural sounds. I refused to let her rest but continued to pump my fingers in and out of her. She responded immediately by spreading her legs as much as she could, inviting me in. her thong was still around her ankles and they were stretched to their limit. When she came again it was with even more force than before. I decided that two was enough, three if you count the one she had from Yvonne, and pulled my fingers out. We had plenty of time as I planned to keep her all night. I pushed her off my lap and she tumbled to the floor. Somehow, she found her true position and knelt up in front of me.

Mo had also taken that moment to let Yvonne go and eased her off her lap. She knelt in front of Mo with a forlorn and frustrated look on her face. Mo didn't hesitate, she knew what she wanted. She pulled up her skirt and tugged her panties down and kicked them off. Yvonne knew what was expected of her and dived between Mo's welcoming thighs. Rose watched as she slowly realised what was expected of her. She glanced up at me and I smiled. I looked at my skirt and at the dark patch that had spread to cover most of the front. Another skirt ruined but I didn't care at that moment. I pulled it out of the way and started to remove my panties.

"Help me with these," I said to Rose who knelt uncertain of yet another new role for her. She obediently took hold of them and I lifted myself up and let her take them off me. When they had finally gone, I leant back into the couch and opened my thighs and displayed myself to her. "Make me cum, sweet Rose." 

I lay back and closed my eyes. I felt her hands on my knees and then the first nervous kiss of her lips on my pussy. Immediately it became clear that this was her first time eating a pussy so an encouraging hand on the back of her head guided her further in. She tried her best and I felt my insides slowly melt as she licked me for the first time. I wondered how she was taking to the smell and taste of a woman other than herself. At least she was doing something right as I could feel my orgasm slowly building inside me. I pulled her head even tighter to me. She must have felt trapped and out of her depth, but she carried on, trying her hardest. And, oh fuck, succeeding. When I came it wasn't as earth-shattering or as profuse as I had hoped but she had done it and I was proud of her for that. Mo was already on her second orgasm under the skilled tongue of Yvonne. I could see that all Rose needed was more practice. I pushed her head back and let her lay it on my thigh.
