 When I woke in the morning it was early and Yvonne was still coiled into a ball and fast asleep. I watched her for a while but then decided to get up. I put on a bath robe and headed down to the kitchen. I made coffee and sat at the rustic table and thought over the happenings of the past couple of days. I began to wonder how far I could push Yvonne. I had to go carefully as the last thing I wanted was to lose her. For a start she had already proved herself more than useful in the office and I knew that I couldn't let my other desires distract me from that. I would need to be disciplined.

To which end I had to think about work and it was beginning to get late, so I got up and returned upstairs. I shook Yvonne until her eyes opened reluctantly. I stripped back the covers leaving her naked and exposed.

"Its getting late and we have work to do," I told her sternly, "there's coffee downstairs in the kitchen. I expect you down there in two minutes. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs," I added as an afterthought. I knew it was easy to get lost among the jumble of rooms.

I walked out and went back down. To give her credit it was certainly less than five minutes before she showed up. She was holding a sheet swaddled round her, but I tugged it away from her before pouring her a coffee. I pointed at a chair and she sat down cradling the cup in her hands. 

"You'll wear clothes when I say you can," I said, laying down a new rule.

She gazed into her cup and said nothing but seemed to accept her new role without question. I studied her for a while from the other end of the table. In the cold light of morning I saw nothing to change my mind about her. She was undeniably pretty in a youthful way and had the air of someone who would grow into beauty slowly over time despite the fact that, at that moment, she looked unkempt and dishevelled.

I stood up and announced, "I'm going for a shower. You can have one when I come back. Enjoy your coffee."

I left her there and went and freshened myself under the shower. I took some time selecting a suitable outfit for the office. I had two important clients coming today, one for a wedding reception and another for a wake and I wanted to impress both of them. When I went back down, she was still sat as I'd left her.

"Come on, girl," I said, making her jump, "time for your shower. We'll sort out something for you to wear on the way."

I walked away, and she padded along behind me until I stopped by the front door. I opened it and the sun streamed in. I held out the car keys to her and she looked bemused.

"All the clothes we bought yesterday are in the car," I reminded her, "go and get them for me and we can decide what you'll wear today." When she hesitated, I scowled at her. "Do I have to say everything twice? Its either that or you travel as you are, and we dress you in the office. Your choice!"

She grabbed the keys from my hand and ran to the car, fumbling with the lock. I knew that, as long as no one chose that moment to visit me, she would be safe from prying eyes, but I enjoyed her nervousness. She came running back laden with bags and stood breathless as I shut the front door. She followed me back up the stairs and into the bedroom. I gestured for her to put the bags on the bed and then led her into the en-suite. She looked gratefully at the shower and then seemed resigned to my staying and watching her. She seemed to delight in using some of my high-end toiletries and I smiled when she coyly turned her back to wash some parts of herself. As she dried herself, I went back into the bedroom and began to root through all the bags, laying stuff neatly out on the bed. When she came back in, I was pleased to see she came without a towel and she looked prettily scrubbed and pink.

"I think we'll go for the electric blue today," I informed her, "with the pale blue top. Don't you agree?"

"Yes, Miss."

I handed her the electric blue lingerie set. It was less see-through than yesterday's which still lingered as two discarded scraps on the floor. I would set her to cleaning up later, I thought to myself. She gratefully started to dress herself. The thong, although less flimsy, was about as small as it could be and as it went on I noticed the beginnings of stubble around her pussy. Yet another thing to take care of later. I made her stop for a moment after she had put on the bra and asked her to give me a twirl. She did so without a murmur. She looked stunning and I hoped she'd have a good effect on my clients later that day. I passed her the pale blouse. I was right. It hid virtually nothing of her underwear.

"We'll start off with 'cute and sexy' but we may go up or down from there."

This time she smiled at me as she fastened only the bottom two buttons. Luckily, I'd bought a second skirt as the other was still on the floor of the office. I have no recollection of her stockings coming off last night, I'm sure they were still on when I was fucking her but now they were gone, so I opened a fresh envelope and gave them to her. Now she looked ready for action and I pointed to the door. It was time to go. I gave her a playful spank as she walked past me out of the bedroom.

At the office I set her first to tidying up all the discarded clothing from various corners of the room. She then started to set up her new computer which she managed to do without a fuss, something that would have left me a gibbering, tear-stained wreck. The poor girl had to manage standing up until the new chairs arrived at some time later that morning. I did say she could go and retrieve the old one from the skip, but she said no. I didn't force it as I knew from experience what a shouty bastard he could be.

At about 10.30 there was a knock at the door. I told Yvonne to answer it and the poor delivery driver got the shock of his life. After he'd had a moment to recover, he announced that the chairs had arrived. He made three trips carrying them up the stairs, presumably double and treble checking that his eyes hadn't deceived him. One could sense his reluctance when his slip was finally signed, and he had no further excuse to ogle down the front of Yvonne's blouse. When he finally closed the door behind him, she turned and looked at me. The little slut was grinning from ear to ear. She'd loved every moment!

Once settled in her new chair I explained who was coming around this afternoon and set her to researching suitable table flower arrangements for a wake. When lunchtime arrived, she tried to retrieve the sandwiches she had brought with her yesterday, but I scoffed at the idea. After another good pub lunch and another two glasses of wine for her we went back. I'd made her go 'respectable' while we were at the pub but told her to revert to 'cute and sexy' for the client visits.

The first were the parents of the bride to be and it was interesting that she seemed more taken with Yvonne than he was. He came across as downtrodden and miserable and she did most of the talking, and the ogling. Yvonne played her part making sure she leant forward every time she brought a file to my desk. Eventually they left but she lingered a little and whispered to me that she might have to come back to make further arrangements. I tried to show no outward reaction but inside I was grinning to myself. 

The second was the daughter of the deceased and honestly did not look as upset as might have been expected. I'd met her before in relation to another event and I knew her to be something of a bitch, so I ordered Yvonne to go to full 'ultra' mode. I offered the woman, Ms Evans, a coffee, as an act of false condolence and she accepted. Before then I don't think she'd really noticed Yvonne but as she busied herself boiling the kettle and making the coffee, I noticed that the woman couldn't take her eyes off. While she was distracted, I examined her more closely. She was about my age, quite young I thought to lose a father. She was attractive in a cheap, new-money sort of way. I was wondering how I could exploit this situation, but it was Yvonne who delivered the master stroke. When she came back with the coffee, in a proper cup and saucer, which she'd found from god knows where, her hand shook and it spilled, not just into the saucer but a few drops splashed onto the woman's blouse.

At that moment I secretly applauded her but, "you stupid bitch," I shouted out with well-acted anger, "quickly, get a cloth."

Yvonne looked horrified at her mistake and grabbed a cloth and started to dab at the front of the woman's blouse. I leaned forward to comfort the woman.

"I'm really so sorry," I said to her, "I'll deal with her later, I assure you."

"She needs to be punished severely," she replied as she pushed away Yvonne's hands with annoyance.

"She will be, I can assure you of that."

"I think I should be present when she is," came her reply.

This took me aback somewhat. It was not what I had expected. But it was an opportunity too good to be missed. I could smell a lucrative contract lingering in the air. I looked at her and she had the air of someone who knew what they wanted.

"What did you have in mind," I asked her politely.

"If she were employed by me I would have her soundly thrashed," she replied without hesitation.

"It's a method I have employed in the past, but this is only her second day."

"No better time, then, to teach her discipline."

"How many do you think would be appropriate?" I asked her tacitly conceding her point.

"I count a minimum of eight splashes on my blouse, so I think ten would be about right. And she pays for the dry-cleaning."

"Of course, I'll make sure it comes out of her wages. She'll be more careful next time, I promise you."

"I don't suppose you have a paddle?" she asked.

"I don't, sorry. Do you think I need one?"

"Well she's obviously a careless slut and I think this might not be the only time you would need it."

I nodded in reply and glanced up at Yvonne. While we had been discussing her fate, she had stood quietly by the side of the desk, her hands clasped in front of her and her head bowed. Her blonde hair masked her face and whatever thoughts were going through her head. I decided to take the initiative by moving some files from the end of the desk to clear a space. Without any prompting from either of us Yvonne bent forward over the desk. Her skirt, which was already quite tight, was stretched taut across her bottom. I would allow Ms Evans her revenge this time but I began to dream about the time when I would be the one meting out the chastisement.

Ms Evans stood up slowly and looked down at the target below her. Without touching Yvonne, she decided that her first act would be to rid herself of her blouse. As she slowly unbuttoned it, I brushed the hair from Yvonne's face. It was tilted in my direction and she looked at me with pleading eyes and a worried frown. I smiled but said nothing. I wasn't going to intervene. Ms Evans finally took off her blouse and laid it on the chair behind her. She was a full-figured woman and her large breasts fought to stay within the confines of her bra. Finally ready, she reached out and stroked the tightly stretched fabric. It was a curiously gentle touch. The skirt was tight, and it took a struggle to work it over Yvonne's bottom to her waist. The back of the tiny thong was almost invisible as it went between her cheeks. Hardly worth moving I thought but Ms Evans was determined to do the job thoroughly. She pulled it down and let it slide half way down her thighs. Again, the gentle touch as she stroked the bare flesh. 

SMACK! SMACK!

The double strike when it came was so sudden that it even made me jump. The effect on Yvonne was to make her yelp, partly in surprise and partly at the sudden pain. They had been no half-hearted blows. Yvonne's hands gripped either side of the desk and her knuckles were white.

SMACK! SMACK!

A second pair of blows landed one on each cheek and Yvonne yelped again, louder this time. I looked at her face and I could see tears in the corners of her eyes. My gaze returned to her bottom that was now looking quite pink. Ms Evans stroked each cheek in turn in an almost affectionate way.

SMACK! SMACK!

Ms Evans took a handful of Yvonne's hair and pulled her head up. Putting her mouth close to Yvonne's ear she asked, "how many is that, girl?"

"S-s-s-six, Miss." 

"Well done," she said mockingly and let Yvonne's head fall back onto the desk.

SMACK! SMACK!

SMACK! SMACK!

I heard an almost silent sob from Yvonne as the last blow fell. Ms Evans stroked the bruised flesh squeezing it like dough between her fingers. Yvonne started to stand up but a hand on her back kept her pressed down to the desktop. 

"Hopefully she's learned her lesson, although I doubt it," she said, "now, where is that contract. I've decided to sign."

I hastily scrabbled around until I found the contract and passed it to her along with a pen. I didn't think she'd change her mind, but I wanted to see ink on paper. She'd already read it, but she flicked through it one more time and then, using Yvonne's ass as a surface she signed two pages and handed them back to me. She then seemed to get a bright idea and bent once more and signed her name on Yvonne's pink and tender posterior.

"Let that be a reminder to be more careful next time. I hope you've given her some training before I need to come back. And don't worry she'll be fine in a couple of days."

Without further ado she headed for the door and then paused. 

"And get that dry-cleaned," she added as an afterthought.

"I certainly will," I said getting up and holding out my hand to shake hers. "And I will make sure she pays for it," I added, "I look forward to working for you."

She gave me a brief handshake, turned and left seemingly oblivious to the fact that, above her waist, she was only wearing a bra. I smiled as I compared her to Yvonne. She blatantly sailed out of the office, head held high, defying anyone to even think about making a comment compared to Yvonne, the evening before in the dark, who had scuttled out and hidden behind the car terrified to be seen. I turned back and looked at the pair of reddened butt cheeks still draped over my desk. I also noticed something else. Peeking out from between her legs her pussy glistened with moisture. I walked over and slid my hand along her pussy lips. The little slut was leaking profusely!

"You little slut, you enjoyed that," I announced gleefully. She flinched under my touch and I was sad to release her, but we still had work to do.

"Back to work, can't have you lying there all day," and I smacked her lightly. She jumped with surprise but slowly stood up. As she did so her thong fell the rest of the way to her ankles.

"Might as well do without that."

Obediently she bent down and stepped out of it and placed it in my outstretched hand. I looked at her face and at the streaks of black make-up down her cheeks. She could stay like that for the rest of the day I decided. With a wiggle of her hips she pulled the skirt back down to its proper level and, with head bowed, went back to her desk. I noticed that she sat down very gingerly and for the rest of the afternoon often shifted uncomfortably on her seat.

When it came time to pack up for the day, she already knew she'd be coming back with me. I picked up the soiled blouse and flung it onto the back seat before opening the passenger door. I started the car and drove off. A few streets away I pulled up outside the drycleaners. I climbed out of the car and when Yvonne made no move to follow me, I leant in and looked at her sternly.

"Come on, bitch! This is your mess. Grab the blouse and follow me."

A bell jangled as I opened the door to the shop and the young woman behind the counter glanced up and then smiled when she recognised me. 

"Hello, Ms Pearson," she greeted me warmly.

"I need this cleaned, Kate," I said pointing at the blouse that Yvonne was holding.

Kate took the blouse and examined it. "Oh dear, did someone have an accident?"

"Yes, a client of all people."

"Oh no, I hope you managed to talk your way out of that."

"This is Yvonne, my new assistant, and she's the guilty person. Turn around and show Kate, girl"

I'd known Kate for many years, in fact we'd had a fling not long ago. We'd parted on mutual terms, but she had enjoyed experiencing my 'methods'. She leant forward with her elbows on the counter as Yvonne blushed and looked daggers at me but turned to face away and tugged up her skirt to reveal her red bottom.

"Oh my, I hope it was worth it."

"It's the price that she paid for being careless, but it was worth it ... the contract was signed. As was her bottom," I pointed out and Kate giggled.

"That's a relief for you then."

She did the necessary paperwork and handed a ticket to me telling me to call back in two days. I led Yvonne back to the car and drove her back to my house.

To be continued ...