 The secretary led me into the office and shut the door behind me. I looked around, my interviewer hadn't arrived yet. I felt anxious and unprepared. If I had known they weren't going to be here on time, I would have had more time to get ready this morning. Instead of ironing my nice black shirt, I had stuffed myself into this way too small blouse. I could hardly button it over my breasts it was so small, and there was a considerable amount of cleavage showing. But oh well, I couldn't go back in time and fix it. At least I managed to get a decent shower and shave before realizing I was going to be late if I didn't hurry.

A throat cleared behind me, taking me abruptly out of my thoughts. I jumped and immediately felt myself flush. What was I, a little school girl for being so frightened? I didn't hear the boss enter, too caught up in my own thoughts. Shit. I wanted to make a good impression, but instead I appeared exactly as I felt: unprepared. I turned around and stared open mouthed at the most gorgeous woman I had ever met. Models and movie stars paled beside her. She had auburn hair, olive skin, long legs, and a figure to kill for. I could feel myself starting to get wet and felt my face flush even more. Get a grip on yourself Alli, I thought, this is a job interview not a porn set!

The woman raised her eyebrows, and gestured at me to sit. The only seats available were a low leather couch, and an executive chair behind a blackwood desk. Obviously, I sat on the couch. She pulled the chair out from behind the desk and brought I closer to me. So, she wanted to keep this casual. As she seated herself on the chair, I found my eyes wandering to the juncture between her legs. Perfect legs. She cleared her throat again and my eyes snapped up to her face. She had stunning green eyes and I felt my desire mount. Then she spoke,

"You have a very impressive résumé Alli, but of course an interview is needed to determine whether you have the right temperament for this position." She had a lovely voice; soft, low, and musical. It made my pulse race and spine tingle, and I could feel a warm throb between my thighs. She was a very cold professional, this woman, but how I desired her.

"To be successful, you must pass a series of tests." She had set down the papers in her hands and started toying with a strand of her hair.

"The first test is a test of ambition. How much do you want this job?" Not as much as I want you. I almost said it out loud, but instead replied,

"I feel that I am very qualified for the role, and am confident I can handle anything given to me. I want this very much." She smiled at me and adjusted her shirt, unbuttoning it just a little to expose the tops of her breasts. It made me want to see more, to feel her nipples stiffen between my fingers. She must want to make me feel more comfortable, that's all. I couldn't let my imagination stray from me at a time like this. I've always had a problem focusing on the present when such an alluring woman was in my presence. She got up and walked to me.

"The second test is a test of pressure. How much can you take before you crack?" As I was searching for a reply, she straddled my lap, her skirt was pulled up and exposing her thighs. There were straps holding her stockings up, and a black satin thong. Her breasts were in my face, and I could feel my nipples harden in response. I didn't know what to do, but at that moment all thoughts left my mind. Both of her hands were cupping my breasts, thumbs rubbing the nipples shyly poking through my shirt. She leant over and kissed me, her curly hair tickling my face. I returned the kiss with ardor I wanted her, that was all I knew.

"The third is a test of performance, how well will you do?" She said, a little breathless. She reached over and pulled my hair down from my bun, and thick chestnut locks cascaded down my back. I knew this was my chance. I started unbuttoning her blouse, finding it difficult with such shaky hands. In the end, I just ripped it open revealing a matching black satin bra. I unhooked the front clasp with ease, and her heavy breasts came spilling out to be greeted by my hands. I massaged them, teasing her nipples. They stiffened to my coaxing touch. Her fingers were entwined with my hair, and she pulled my face to her breast. I casually flicked my tongue over her large pink nipple, then taking the whole thin into my mouth as I pinched her other nipple. She gasped and arched her back, forcing more of her breast into my mouth. I licked, sucked, and nibbled greedily, making her moan. I switched to the other breast, my hand now free to roam over her belly and down to her thong where her wet pussy was waiting for me.

I could feel how warm and moist she was through the fabric. I could feel her clit pulsing with her heartbeats. I ran my finger along that ravine, pulling aside her panties and slipping a finger into her inviting aperture. She gasped and started to move back and forth, rocking on my hand. She didn't say anything again. Her skin was flushed and hot. I let my thumb massage her hard clit, moving around in little circles. I wanted to taste her, to drink up her sweet syrup.

Her kisses were soft, with her tongue flicking in and out, teasing me. I wanted more. I moved my fingers a little faster, and her breath grew faster in unison. I could feel her tightening up, ready to come, so I took my fingers out and put them in her mouth instead. I wasn't ready for her to climax just yet. I was not through with my fun. I pushed her off me and went to sit, legs wide open, in the executive chair. I wanted to be the boss now, all the benefits of authority. She got up off the floor and found me sitting in front of her, waxed and drenched pussy peeking through my lace panties.

She removed my shoes and licked my toes, making me giggle. Her hands clawed at my legs, desperate to get to me, desperate, eyes pleading for me to make her come. I shook my head and grabbed her by the hair, forcing her head between my legs. She pulled my underwear off, and put her mouth over my throbbing pussy. I could not tell you where one set of lips ended and the other began. She was pure heaven this woman, and I didn't even know her name. She licked and sucked my clit, making me pant and moan. I wanted her to make me scream. She pushed two fingers inside of me, pounding in and out. My toes curled and my back arched as I tried to get this wave of pleasure under control. I didn't want to come yet, it was too good. I held onto her hair tight, and she whimpered as she licked me at the pain I was causing her. I liked being the boss. I said to her,

"I want you to lick my clit, finger fuck my pussy and asshole, all at once." I knew what I wanted, and since I was in charge, I was going to take advantage of the situation. She nodded and obeyed, slipping another two fingers from her other hand into my other orifice. I could feel wave after wave of pleasure, her fingers wiggling inside of me, her mouth warm on my clit. I could feel it mounting like a volcano ready to erupt. When I could control my body no more, I came with violent pleasure. She took her fingers out and covered me with her mouth, drinking the hot juices that came flowing forth.

It was only proper that I return the favor, and as she leaned back on the leather couch, I had an idea strike me. Grabbing the stapler off her desk, I removed all the staples inside as she was getting ready for me. Putting it behind my back, so she did not see, I knelt in front of her, eager to taste her again. I could see her wetness leaking onto the couch, and licked it up before turning my attention onto her pussy in front of me. As I started to flick her clit with my tongue, she closed her eyes and moaned. 

I continued like this for some time, until she started to move her hips in a way that suggested that she wanted more. I slammed the stapler into her, squeezing it open and shut. I could see her vagina stretching with each release of my grip, it was intoxicating to watch. I started to lick her asshole while still pushing the stapler in and out, squeezing it and releasing it. The other hand was tickling her clit, rubbing it hard back and forth, feeling heat as the friction increased. She was talking now,

"Oh, oh, oh, oh!" Her words got airy as her breath grew faster, in conjunction with the thrusting of the stapler and the rubbing of my fingers on her clitoris. With a shudder and a breathy moan, I could see her pussy throbbing as a gush of fluid came out from behind the stapler. I let it go, leaving it inside her and got up, buttoning my blouse and retrieving my panties from the executive chair. When I was done, she was still laying there, breathing hard, head thrown back, eyes closed, and stapler still intact. I then asked,

"So have I got the job?"

"No," she said, "but you can come back for another interview."