 After lunch we went back to the office and tried to do some work, but we were both barely functioning. I was suffering from my excesses of last night and poor Yvonne was faring even worse than I was. I think Mo had kept her up half the night. In the end I decided to call it quits and finish early. I had decided that Yvonne had had enough, and that tonight would be focussed on her. I might tease her a little more but in the end I was determined to send her to sleep with a smile on her face.

There is always the illusion of speed when driving in a car with the top down through the twisty lanes. Occasional glimpses of the countryside stretching out either side but mostly the confining hedges zipping past within touching distance, keeping us centred on the road. I probably broke every motoring law there is as I drove most of the way with one hand on the wheel and the other firmly planted between Yvonne's thighs stroking her warm, moist pussy. I was suddenly brought back to reality when I turned into my drive and stopped the car. The familiar surroundings of the house and the neatly tended garden were interrupted visually by the forlorn figure sat on the step.

"What the f ..." I started to say.

Yvonne opened her eyes at the sound of my voice and looked around. 

"What's she doing here?" she asked as she spotted Rose, her voice filled with annoyance.

"Fuck knows," I replied, "I certainly didn't request her." 

At the sound of the car door opening Rose finally looked up, a hopeful smile on her face. I ignored her while I unlocked the front door and stood aside to let Yvonne pass me. I looked down into the sad and pleading eyes of Rose.

"You, get inside," I barked at her.

She sprang to her feet and scuttled inside. Once I had closed the door I turned to face her. She stood, hunched over and staring at the floor. She was dressed in her outfit from yesterday, the same peasant blouse and skirt. I walked past her into the living room and sat on the sofa.

"Get in here you two," I shouted.

Yvonne came in trailed by the miserable looking Rose. Yvonne stood in the middle of the room no doubt wondering what was going to happen. Rose for her part chose to loiter by the door looking as if she might want to escape at any moment.

"Yvonne, can you be a dear and fetch me a glass of wine from the kitchen?"

"Of course, Miss," and she spun around and dashed for the door. On her way she managed to barge her way past Rose who stumbled and almost fell. I was certain that it wasn't an accident. While she was out of the room I looked at Rose and then pointed to a spot in the centre of the carpet.

"There!" I told her curtly.

With obvious signs of nervousness, she came and stood where I had pointed. When Yvonne reappeared bearing a bottle and a glass she walked across and put them on the side table. I was intrigued to notice that she then stayed by my side rather than re-join Rose. The dynamic in the room was getting quite interesting. I glanced up at Yvonne and I was sure I could detect a sneer on her face. No doubt she was remembering the indignity of this morning when I had allowed her to be paddled by Rose and was now revelling in this moment of revenge. I picked up my wine and sipped it and concentrated my attention back on Rose. The silence grew heavy as I let the moment linger. Rose might even have been crying but it was impossible to tell as she hid her face behind her hair. She jumped when I finally broke the silence.

"Why are you here, girl?" I almost shouted at her. She flinched but made no reply. "Did I invite you here? Does your mother know where you are?" Still no reply, "answer me, bitch!"

"I-I-I'm sorry, Miss."

I put down my wine and rummaged in my bag for my phone. I stood up and walked over to her and began to dial her mother's number. As it rang I walked behind Rose and tugged at the sleeves of her peasant blouse dragging them down her arms and exposing her breasts. As the phone was answered I grabbed a bundle of her blouse and pulled it back trapping her arms behind her and pushing her tits forward.

"Hello, Ms P, what can I do for you?"

"Ahhh Mrs M do you know where Rose is?"

"She's in her room. Do you want me to get her?"

"I'm sorry Mrs M but your daughter has been lying to you. She's not in her room but standing right here."

There was an audible gasp from the other end. "Just wait till I get that girl home. How dare she!"

"If it's alright with you she can stay here for the night. I'll send her back in the morning and you can deal with her then. I have one or two issues to deal with myself."

"Of course, Ms P, whatever you think best. I'll leave her in your capable hands."

"Ok, Mrs M, I'll take care of her. Bye!"

I clicked the phone off and threw it onto the sofa. I twisted my handful of blouse even tighter and whispered in Rose's ear.

"You lied to your mother, you little bitch. But she doesn't hold a grudge and is letting you stop over. Won't that be nice."

I gave the blouse a final tug before letting go with a curt "get this off" and I walked back to the sofa. Yvonne was now openly grinning from ear to ear and I allowed her to see the smile that I had. I sat down and picked up my glass. Rose was still slowly removing her blouse. Underneath she was wearing the same corset as yesterday which should have allowed her nipples to poke over the top but instead they had been squeezed down and hidden. She dropped the blouse on the carpet beside her and looked down once more.

"And the skirt!"

Slowly and reluctantly she wiggled the skirt over her hips and let it fall to the floor. She stepped out of it and pushed it with her foot leaving it in a heap next to her blouse. She looked sad and pathetic standing there and I almost felt sorry for her, but she had crossed a line and it must be dealt with. In fact, she had crossed several and I'm a strong believer in clear lines.

"Did you have permission to wear those clothes?"

I detected the faintest movement of her head as she signalled 'no'.

"I thought not. Not only are you wearing them without my permission you aren't wearing them correctly." I turned to Yvonne, time to liven up her day a little.

"Would you be so good as to show this bitch the correct way to wear her corset, Yvonne?"

"It would be a pleasure," she replied relishing the opportunity. 

She walked over to Rose and without hesitation reached inside the front of her corset and grabbed one of her nipples. She pulled it roughly upwards and free from its confines. She was none too gentle, and I saw Rose gritting her teeth trying to keep quiet. Yvonne repeated the action on the other nipple, if anything pinching and pulling even harder as she managed to get a small grunt of pain from Rose. She then rolled both nipples through her fingers until they were stiff and stood out proudly.

"And her thong."

Yvonne quickly responded by tugging the thong down and smacking Rose's calves to get her to lift each leg in turn. She then stepped aside to allow me a good view of her handiwork.

"Good girl," I complimented her, "now come and sit on my lap."

She almost skipped across the room and her smile was even bigger. She knew that the tables had been turned and she was back in favour. She climbed onto my lap and put her arms around me almost possessively. While I gazed at Rose I idly unbuttoned Yvonne's blouse and she happily let me remove it.

"Well, bitch, do you have any excuses for your behaviour?"

"No, Miss," in a voice barely audible.

"No surprise there as its been inexcusable."

She made as if to speak but I shut her up with a loud "Silence!"

"You have lied to your mother, but you will have to face her in the morning. You have arrived at my home uninvited and yet I have allowed you in out of the goodness of my heart. You have worn clothes that I bought for you without permission. Not only that but you wore them in a manner that wasn't intended. When told to remove them you showed no respect by simply throwing them on the floor which also shows disrespect for me. This is a long catalogue of failure is it not?"

Rose gave back no answer but just seemed to shrink further into herself.

"Stand up straight, bitch, hands behind your head."

Slowly she conformed to my order. As her face came into view from beneath her hair I could see her cheeks were already streaked with tears. The Avenging Angel on my lap squirmed with delight.

"What do you think, my pet?"

"She's been a naughty girl, Miss."

"More or less naughty than you being late this morning?"

"Oh, much naughtier, Miss."

"I think I have to agree."

I reached behind her and picked up the paddle from where I had put it on the table earlier. I slapped it a couple of times against my palm as a sort of demonstration and I saw Rose's eyes widen in disbelief, but I gave her a stern look to let her know I was being serious.

"I'll need your help pet," I said, persuading Yvonne off my lap and standing up, "and I think your skirt can come off now."

She carefully unzipped her skirt and with meticulous care, folded it neatly and put it next to her blouse. In her own subtle way, she was sending a message to Rose that now she was in the ascendancy. I waited for her and then together we walked over and stood either side of a very nervous Rose.

"How many do you think is appropriate?" I asked Yvonne.

"I'd rather leave that to you, Miss."

"You had sixteen this morning and we both think that this slut's actions have been worse, so I'm suggesting twenty. Do you agree?"

"That sounds like a nice round number, Miss," and she could hardly keep the note of triumph out of her voice.

"So be it. Bend over bitch and grab your ankles."

Rose glanced first one way and then the other but could find no sign of forgiveness in either of us. She still needed Yvonne's helpful hand on her back pressing her forward before she put her fate in our hands and bent over. The room was still, and the silence was only broken by the swish of the paddle as I swung it through the air. I let it come to rest on her arse cheeks and gave them a couple of light taps. Then I raised my arm and swung down. The sound of paddle on soft flesh filled the room and it was closely followed by a cry of pain from Rose. In fairness I hadn't put my full force behind it, but it had still obviously come as a surprise to the poor girl.

"Can you keep count please, Yvonne?"

"Of course, Miss. One, Miss."

I struck again. This time the yelp was less urgent and was followed by a sob.

"Two, Miss."

This continued until we got to 'five' at which point I paused. I reached out and stroked a hand across her bottom. It was nicely warm to the touch and was rapidly turning a lovely shade of pink. I reversed my grip on the paddle and held it out, handle first, to Yvonne.

"I'll let you do the next five. It's about time you learned. I'll keep count."

Yvonne beamed at me as she took the paddle. She tapped it a couple of times against her palm like I had done and then made a couple more sweeps through the air. Copying me she then tapped Rose lightly on her bottom. My hand was on Rose's shoulder and I felt her twitch. This morning Rose had been nervous when delivering her first few strikes, and I had no idea how Yvonne would be, but she surprised me at how hard the first blow fell. I held onto Rose to stop her staggering forward as she let out a muffled cry. I counted aloud as I looked at Yvonne. She was gazing at the neat paddle mark she had made. I decided to leave her to it.

If anything, the next blow was even harder, but this time Rose was braced and ready for it. Her only reaction this time was a quiet cry. I let Yvonne continue until we got to ten and then, of her own accord, she paused and looked up at me. I nodded and smiled and held out my hand and she passed the paddle back to me. I softly stroked Rose's bottom with my other hand. It was distinctly warmer now and noticeably redder. I let my hand drift lower and felt between her legs. To my surprise and pleasure her pussy was oozing with welcoming wetness and I stroked along her lips before pushing a single finger inside her and exploring her for a few seconds. She seemed to sag with regret when I finally removed my hand from her pussy knowing that there was more punishment yet to come.

I stood up straight and took a firm grip on the paddle. I let it lie across her bottom before I struck my next blow. It wasn't my hardest by any means, but it was strong enough to let her know that we hadn't finished. Her cries now had been taken over by a constant sobbing. I kept up a steady rhythm until I reached fifteen when I paused again. I passed the paddle back to Yvonne before taking more time to gently feel Rose's bottom. Once more I let my hand wander and this time slipped two fingers into her eager pussy. Her sobs stopped as I did so, and I slid them in and out to comfort her. When I finally pulled them out and took my hand away I looked at Yvonne and gestured to her that she should ease up slightly. She nodded back to me in agreement and I even detected a flash of pity on her face.

This is not to say that the sixteenth blow when it fell didn't sting but it was mild by comparison. The muffled sobbing started again. Time seemed to stretch as Yvonne took her time over the final strikes. When we finally reached the magic twenty both Yvonne and I seemed to breathe a sigh. This time I let her smooth over Rose's bottom and she copied me as she reached between her legs. Once more the sobbing stopped and was replaced by a grunt and a moan. Yvonne pulled out her hand and raised her fingers to her face where she held them beneath her nose and breathed in deeply before taking them into her mouth and savouring them.

I placed my hand lovingly on the small of Rose's back and told her, "stand up straight now, it's over."

She did so and automatically reached for her bottom. I gave her hand a quick slap.

"Hands behind your head and stand up straight!"

She gave me a quick look but did as she was told. I brush her hair away from her face. She looked a complete mess. She had obviously put on eye makeup especially to try and impress me and it was now smudged across her face in all directions and was streaked with her tears. I found it quite an endearing sight. I took the paddle from Yvonne and walked back to the sofa and sat down. I picked up my neglected glass of wine and then gestured to Yvonne to come over and resume her place on my lap. She had a sort of swagger in her walk as she did so, and I knew I had to be careful not to let this go to her head. Any step out of line by either of them would not go unpunished. We both turned our attention to Rose. She stood there, the picture of abject misery. 

"Now you know what happens," I told her, "when you disobey me or show a lack of respect." I let that sink in before I continued, "but it is over and is now in the past. Come over here and give Yvonne a kiss to say thank you."

She tried to hide the look of dislike on her face as she obediently came over. She leant forward intending to give her a peck on the cheek, but Yvonne had other ideas and grabbed her head and pulled her in for a long sensuous kiss. Despite herself and her feelings Rose found it difficult to resist and they were soon locked together. I smiled to myself as I watched them from close quarters.

"Enough, girls," I said sternly, "plenty of time for that sort of thing later. For now, I'm hungry. The pair of you go off and sort something out for dinner. There's plenty in the kitchen. Just be sure to help each other. Off you go!"

And off they went. With no word or even thought of a protest. Rose even stopped to pick up her discarded clothes on the way. I sat back and breathed a sigh of relief. In the silence that followed I picked up a book and began to read. Occasionally I heard the sound of distant clatters and rattles from the kitchen but thankfully no raised voices. When I was finally summoned to the kitchen the table had been laid and three steaming plates of food had been set. I sat at the head of the table. My plate displayed a fillet of poached sole and a variety of simply steamed vegetables. I poured on the offered sauce and, when they were both seated, I started to eat. It was delicious. I didn't care who was responsible for which part but just contented myself with enjoying it.

Plates were cleared away and they both set to clearing up. I sat quietly watching them. Any animosity seemed to have gone. I smiled secretly as they both worked at the sink, showing their twin red bottoms, one slightly more faded than the other. I reflected how lucky I was to have two such pretty and willing girls to serve me. When they'd cleared everything away they turned and looked at me.

"Time for bed, girls," and their eyes lit up.

I stood up and walked from the room and they followed a little way behind. I climbed the stairs and then stopped outside the door to the guest room. I pushed it open and stood aside.

"Rose, you are sleeping here tonight." Her face fell and all the happiness of the last hour were instantly erased as memories of her punishment returned. With slouched shoulders and her head tilted to the floor she slowly entered the room.

"And you Yvonne," I added, "tonight I sleep alone. Be nice to each other and keep the noise down."

Yvonne's expression changed as I watched. From happiness when she thought she was the chosen one to shock and then to a cheeky grin. She almost ran past me and grabbed Rose's hand and they looked at each other, both grinning like little girls. I shut the door and walked the rest of the way to my room. I sat down on my bed and breathed a sigh of relief. Things hadn't turned out too badly after all.