 *** Thank you all for your continued feedback and support!! ***

*****

I was nervous to see Vivienne on Monday. While I didn't have much of a legitimate reason to feel that way, as we weren't exclusive by any means, the feelings I was starting to have toward my boss were hard to ignore. I hated the thought that I had ruined whatever we might have had by being with John, but I didn't have a choice. Just like I hadn't had one with her.

But now that I did have a choice, it was harder and harder to stop thinking of Vivienne.

The experience with John had been different, more brutal. He seemed to care very little about my pleasure. The conflicting emotions following his forcible interaction made me feel very confused, and I know that seeing Vivienne was only going to make it worse. How could I be so ashamed and aroused at the same time with John, while feeling beautiful and empowered by sexual contact with Vivienne?

What did I really want?

Monday evening I was called into Vivienne's office. While I had spent all day trying to decide whether or not to tell her, being in her presence made all of that deliberation pointless. She was sitting elegantly behind her desk, her eyes raking over my body as I approached her.

"Did you have a good time at your other internship last week?" She asked evenly. 

Did she know?

"It was fine." I said simply, politically. Whether she was digging for information about the inner-workings of Gent or probing to see if I had engaged in similar contact with someone over there, I couldn't be sure.

She studied me.

"Tonight." She said softly. My heart fluttered and my pussy became slick. 

I wordlessly nodded.

"Nine thirty. Don't be late."

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

I wasn't. I couldn't be, not with the excitement and anticipation I felt at being with Vivienne again. Her smooth hands, long nails, and perfect mouth were all I could think of on my way into the office. I hadn't even bothered to wear panties, knowing that they would just make the ride even more uncomfortable.

I promised myself that I needed to talk to her. I needed her to know, it was the only fair thing I could do. What if John was watching me, again? She might want to hide herself, maybe even end this thing that we had.

God, I hope she didn't.

She walked in to the office right as I finished setting everything up. We weren't live yet. I needed to tell her. 

She looked amazing, a tight fitting black dress looked like it was painted on her skin. I wanted to touch her, feel her perfect breasts.

Would I even get the chance?

"Vivienne, I need to tell you something." I said, my voice soft. She set down her purse, which made a heavy clunk on the table. 

She looked at me, waiting.

"John McAlister recognized me." I said softly. "He's seen me on camera before."

"How? You wear a mask?" Her voice was sharp, but she seemed more confused than angry.

"This tattoo." I said quietly, showing her the small sun on the underside of my bicep.

"What happened?" Her voice went flat, emotionless. 

"He threatened me." I said. Vivienne's eyes narrowed, but she couldn't say much. She had threatened me as well. "And then, he fucked my face." It was course, rude language. But it was accurate. "He hasn't seen me recently, though. He doesn't know about us."

Vivienne stiffened. 

"Did he make you come?" She asked. I shook my head. Her features softened. 

"Only you have made me come." I responded. She smiled, briefly, and grew serious again.

"Well let's pretend then that he's watching you tonight." She said, reaching into her purse. "And let's give him some ideas for how he can make you come next week."

I was stunned. So, she wasn't mad... but now it was a competition? She was willingly going to engage in something with me, what I wasn't quite sure of yet, and then allow me to do the same with him.

"But I am going to have to be more cautious with you, until you can prove you haven't caught anything from the chauvinistic pig." Her voice went tense and I gulped. "My original plans for tonight are going to be scrapped, but we can improvise.

"I got tested on Saturday. I should know the results by Thursday." I added.

"Well then, on Friday you are going to make all of this up to me, assuming you are clean."

"Yes ma'am."

She pulled out a dildo, a massive, thick dildo, attached to straps. She had brought a strap-on. She placed it on the desk and then looked at me. I was moving toward her, as if in the pull of a magnet. 

She reached for me, pulling me close to her and pressing her lips again mine. Her tongue forced its way into my mouth and I moaned, my hands moving to grab her ass. She groaned into my mouth and my entryway was completely soaked, my arousal sticking to my thighs. 

"Take of my dress," she whispered, breaking the kiss.

"We aren't live." I reminded her.

"I know." She said.

My chest heaved, my fingers trembling as I unzipped the back of her dress, still kissing her. It fell to the floor, her ample breasts pushed up in the lacey black bra she was wearing. I unhooked it, freeing her soft, creamy skin. With one hand I palmed her breast, cherishing the moans and whimpers she made as I touched her.

She suddenly pushed me away.

"This was where I was going to make you eat my pussy." She told me. "But that will have to wait until Thursday." 

I swallowed, hating myself for not using protection. I wanted nothing more than to see her pussy, to touch it, to taste it.

"Turn everything on." She ordered, picking up her mask I had left on the desk and putting on her strap-on. I donned my mask as well, and then we were live.

Wordlessly, she pointed to the desk. I made my way over to it and leaned over, my ass toward her.

She walked over but spun me around, helping me so that I was laying on the cool wooden surface. She leaned over me, the silicone dick nestling on my stomach, cold and unfeeling. She kissed my breasts and then leaned into my ear.

"I want to watch your face as I take your virginity." She told me, and just me. Her voice too soft for the camera to pick up.

"Yes." I breathed, my chest heaving. She roughly grabbed my breasts before her hands gripped my thighs, pulling me close to the end of the desk. With one hand, she started rubbing the dildo against my soaking slit, coating the silicone with my arousal, my body providing all of the lubrication we would need. 

The head of her dildo found my hole and she began leaning over me, her hips carefully thrusting slowly. 

My body stretched around the intrusion, pain prickled my skin as the skin was torn. 

She hadn't picked a small dildo, that was for sure. Knowing that it had been a deliberate choice, that she wanted to fuck me with something huge, helped me push aside the thoughts of pain.

I wanted this.

"Please. Do it." I begged. Her fingers tightened around my legs. Simultaneously pulling me closer and thrusting her hips forward, she sunk into me.

I screamed, my body trying to adjust at the intrusion. I looked up at her, meeting her cold and triumphant eyes behind the mask. Her hands moved to my hips as she slowly withdrew the fake cock. 

My body felt empty as she rubbed the tip of the cock against my clit, dancing it around my folds.

"Please. I need it." I moaned, my hips wriggling on the table. She leaned over me again, I could feel the head of the dildo positioned at my entryway.

"Do you need it from me, or from John." She asked.

"You." I whimpered. "Please from you."

"Good girl." She said, thrusting forward, hard. I cried out, my voice echoing through the room. She became relentless, her thrusts punishing and deep. 

"Is my beautiful little pussy about to come?" She breathed, panting at her efforts. Her rhythm was immaculate, rubbing against my g spot and bringing me to the brink masterfully. 

One of her hands drifted over from holding my hips to play with my clit and my entire body squirmed at the added stimulation. 

"Come all over my big cock with your tight little cunt." She commanded. I cried out, my body arching away from the desks, her thrusts hitting my tender flesh as I contracted around her, coming and coming again as her fingers continued to stoke the fire.

I was panting, my legs shaking as he withdrew the thick dildo from inside of me.

"Get on your knees." She commanded. I did, staring up at her, the flesh colored cock obstructing my view of her perfect, beautiful face.

"Clean me."

God, how I wished I could clean her, and not the fake penis she was wearing. I could smell her arousal mixing with my own as I licked the fake cock up and down. She weaved her fingers in my hair and I flashed back to John, wondering if she was going to fuck my face as brutally as he did. 

She didn't. She gently guided me up and down, and I found my fingers slipping between my thighs, bringing me to my third and final orgasm of the night.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

"Hello? Is this Rachel Thomas?"

"Yes?"

"This is Maggie calling from Planned Parenthood with your test results."

"Okay?" My nerves took over, my heart racing in my throat.

"Your test results were all normal."

"Oh wow. Thank you. Thank you so much."

I hung up the phone, feeling elated.

I couldn't wait to tell Vivienne.

And I couldn't wait to taste her pussy.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

"You are going to eat my pussy until I come." Vivienne ordered, picking up the mask of the desk.

"Yes ma'am." I said, my hands shaking with excitement. 

"And I want you to do so as if John was watching. I want him to know where your true intentions lie."

My true intentions? What in the hell was she talking about?

I couldn't focus on my confusion for long, because Vivienne hiked up her skirt and slowly dropped a pair of crème lace panties to the ground. She sat on the desk facing me, her legs crossed.

Turning on all of the equipment, I walked over to her, leaning in to kiss her, to feel her soft lips against mine. I kissed her neck, sucking a little too hard but finding pleasure in her weak moans of pain. I unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked her bra, freeing her massive breasts. I kissed them, kneaded them, knowing that even though I was wandering through a maze without any guidance, everything I was doing felt good to her. She was groaning, whimpering, and whispering encouragement. 

My confidence was building. I urged her to lay back on the desk, pulling her slit toward the edge so that I could kneel between her legs. 

Her beautiful pussy had just been waxed. She was smooth and her lips shiny with her body's own lubrication. Her clit, engorged from her arousal, was begging for attention. I leaned in, taking in her delicious scent, and running my tongue from the base of her pussy to her clit.

Her hips bucked slightly, the motion urging me on. My tongue danced through her folds, circling her clit over and over until I would dip back to her opening, pushing my tongue inside to taste her at her source. 

Her body responded wildly, motivating me forward. 

Boldly, I took two of my fingers and inserted them, hooking them up against the wall of her vagina against the spongy tissue I know she had found inside of me. 

I pressed.

She screamed.

I didn't relent, my mouth sucking hard on her clit and my fingers working diligently. My other hand held her to me, preventing her from scrambling away.

I knew how she felt. She had done it to me too.

She wanted what I was giving her but felt as if her body couldn't handle the pleasure.

"Fuck, I'm coming!" She cried out, her hips bucking up. I felt her vaginal walls contract against my fingers, smiling to myself as I was rewarded with a flush of liquid. 

I kept going, know that I owed her more than one. I kept at her clit, circling and flicking and sucking, and soon she came again, her hand gripping my wrist that held her hip, her nails digging into my skin.

When she could finally breath again, she sat up, looking at me with satiated eyes.

"You are perfect, Rachel."