 I woke up feeling Jan's arms wrapped around me. I couldn't believe what we had done, what I allowed her to do to me. Part of me had wanted it, needed it in fact. I hadn't seen my boyfriend all summer long and my boss had been there to fill that void. That plus the fact that Jan had this primal sexuality about her that got the best of me. But now I had come back to my senses. I was feeling guilty. I had cheated on my boyfriend whom I loved dearly and I had made love to a woman. What would people think if they found out? What would my family think if they found out? I was scared and confused. I didn't want anyone to know what I had done.

Still asleep, Jan moved a little, gripping me tighter and bringing me back to reality. I felt her naked body pressing against mine. I could still feel her cum, her very essence, still inside me. As if to say that I was now hers and hers alone. I felt dirty and guilty. I decided that I needed to get out of the office as quietly and quickly as I could. With all the strength I could muster, I was able to lift Jan's massive arm off of me and get off the sofa. Fortunately for me, she was a deep sleeper.

Naked, I walked back over to the copy room. With a sense of urgency, I put my clothes back on and got out of the office as quick as I could, hoping that no one would see me leave. Luckily it was still very early in the morning. I drove home, wondering what I should do.

When I got home, I showered. Trying to clean off the dirtiness that I felt all over my body. But it didn't help. I still felt dirty and changed. I still couldn't believe that I cheated on my boyfriend with a 55 year old butch lesbian. Later that morning, Jan started to call my cell phone. I didn't answer any of her calls. I just wanted her to leave me alone. By the end of the weekend she had left me 6 voice messages and 9 text messages. I ignored all of them. I just didn't want to deal with the situation at all. I didn't go out all day. I didn't call any of my friends. I just wanted to forget that anything ever happened.

Monday morning came around and I decided to call in sick. I just didn't know what to do. I didn't want to deal with Jan or the whole situation. I had felt so guilty about cheating on my boyfriend. All I wanted was to pretend that nothing ever happened. When my parents got home that afternoon, they asked me why I wasn't at work. I told them I wasn't feeling very good.

In fact, for the rest of the week, I had called in sick from work. I just didn't have the courage to face Jan. I couldn't face her and what she and I had done together. She had tried calling me several more times throughout the week, but I wouldn't answer or return any of her calls.

Friday came around and my parents were planning to visit some relatives out of town. They were going to be gone for a week. They asked me if I would be okay alone since I still was "sick". I told them I would be alright and wished them a safe trip.

By the evening, I was in a pair of pink short shorts and a tiny white tank top. I was just getting ready for bed when the door bell rang. I opened up the door to find Jan standing in front of me. She was wearing leather chaps over blue jeans, a white shirt and a leather vest. I noticed her motorcycle in the driveway. 

Surprised I asked her, "What are you doing here?"

"Honey, I think we need to talk." said Jan.

"We have nothing to talk about! Get out of here now! My parent's are here." I said.

Jan smiled and said, "No they aren't. I called your mom the other day babe. She told me they would be out all week.."

Angry I said, "Get out of here! You're trespassing. I'm gonna call the cops if you don't leave!"

"Baby, we gotta talk please! I can't get you out of my head. I've never been with a girl like you before. I've gotta have you for my own." Said Jan.

Defensive and angry at Jan for calling my mom, I said "What about your girlfriend?"

Jan replied. "I broke it off with her baby. I don't want anyone other than you! You're all that I think about. You're all that I want, all that I desire and lust for! I have to have you baby, you have to be mine!"

Shocked, I said, "But you're old enough to be my mother!"

Smiling, Jan said, "But I'm not like your mother baby! I want to be your daddy. I want to be your protector, your lover! Besides baby, age ain't nothing but a number! You make me feel so young, so alive! I've never felt so strongly about someone until I met you!"

With that, Jan stepped inside the door and closed it behind her. She took me in her strong arms and kissed me on the lips. My heart skipped a beat. It was starting to pound in my chest again. There were too many strong emotions running through my mind at that moment. I was furious at Jan for not leaving me alone and calling my mom. I was also scared, I felt like I was in danger having Jan come in the door uninvited. But it also thrilled me too. Jan just took charge and took what she wanted. Surprisingly, the feelings of lust were starting to build again. My body tingled, remembering the pleasures that this woman gave me.

Trying to push Jan away, I said. "Stop it!!! This isn't right. Please don't do this to me."

Jan pulled me even tighter to her and said, "C'mon baby. Don't fight it. I know there is something there between us. You're just a little confused that's all. I'll take care of you. I'll protect you baby."

My boss, leaned in towards me again and kissed me. This time, I didn't fight her. She was right, I was confused. But in that moment, I couldn't help but let go and give into her. Jan's skilled tongue flicked against my lips, I opened my mouth and let her in. Our tongues met and danced in my mouth. 

Then I felt Jan's masculine hands slide underneath my shorts. She could moved them down grasping my buttocks in the palms of her hands. She squeezed and rubbed my ass. Smiling Jan said, "No panties? Mmm. You're such a sexy thing!"

Jan grabbed my ass, lifting me up as we kissed. She carried me over to the couch and let me down right beside it. Jan knelt down in front of me. She looked up into my eyes, both her hands were on the waist straps of my shorts, tugging them down. Jan pulled them off me slowly. 

The 55 year old woman spread my legs apart. Staring up at me she said, "I can't get enough of you baby. I love everything about you! I love how you taste, I love how you feel! Tell me that you want me to take you."

I stared down at Jan as she looked up at me with lust and desire. I replied, "I..."

Jan said, "C'mon baby. Say it! Say you want me to take you!"

I couldn't believe that I was falling into her grasp again. She was so confident, so sure of herself. Reluctantly, I said, "I want you to take me."

Grinning devilishly, Jan's head leaned in closer to my pussy. I felt her warm breath against my bare skin. I couldn't believe that I was letting her do this to me all over again. My boss stared deeply into my eyes. I felt the longing and desire she had for me all over again. Jan lightly kissed my pussy. She gave me what felt like a million butterfly kisses. Then she started to flick her tongue on my pink pussy. It was driving me crazy. 

My hips started to dance as Jan's tongue circled my pussy lips. Jan's strong hands ran their way up underneath my tight little tank top. She squeezed my breasts and pinched my nipples as her tongue slowly slid inside me. My body quivered with delight. Consciously, I had reservations about having a butch lover. But subconsciously, my body was reacting in ways it never had with any man. It just felt natural to give into her, to let her take me as she wanted.

I stared down at my butch lover, with our eyes locked on each other. Jan closed her mouth around my pussy. She devoured me with wild abandon. Looking into her eyes, I could see that she was ravenous for me. Her mouth sucked on my pussy as her tongue dived ever deeper into me. I knew that she wouldn't stop until my young body gave into her, until I came for her. I ran my fingers through Jan's short white hair, grabbing the back of her head, gently pushing her head tighter against my pussy. That drove Jan wild. She moved her hands down to my hips, pulling me even harder against her face. My lover sucked even harder on me, driving her flailing tongue ever deeper inside my tight little pussy.

I was panting hard now. Rhythmically I ground my pussy into Jan's willing mouth. Staring down at my lover, I thought about how handsome she was, with her rugged, aged face, white hair and beautiful lips suckling on my pussy. She was feasting on my body as if she hadn't eaten in months! At that moment in time, I couldn't care less that she was a woman or for that matter, a person who was older than my own parents. She was simply my lover.

My body was close. So close now. Jan could feel it too. She worked my pussy even harder now. My body started to spasm as I gave into her. She drank my juices happily until my body finished climaxing. Weak, my body went limp. Kneeling down, Jan and I were face to face. She kissed me deeply. I could taste myself on her lips.

"God, you are so fucking sexy baby!" said Jan, smiling at me. 

Then she kissed me again. Our tongues dancing against each other, jutting from my mouth to hers and back again. Soon, Jan had pulled off my white tank top off and started to fondle my breasts. Taking my erect pink nipple into her mouth, devouring it. She was still hungry for more.

My strong, masculine lover took me in her arms once more. She made me feel so safe in her big strong arms! There we were, in my parent's living room. I can't imagine how my parent's would have reacted if they saw this big 55 year old butch woman in biker gear holding their daughter naked in her arms.

Jan had a smirk on her face and a devilish look in her eyes. She asked. "Where's your parent's room?"

"Why?" I asked.

"Because I want to make love to you in your parent's bed. I want our bodies to become one and the same in the place where your parent's made you baby. Because I want them to smell our sex and know that this is where I made you all mine!" Said Jan.

I was amazed at how deep her answer was. Jan made me feel like a dirty girl. It was exciting, erotic and scary. I couldn't believe how much of a turn on it was for me. I pointed the way and told Jan that it was up stairs. My butch lover carried my tanned naked body up the stairs.

"Which one is it baby?" She asked.

"That one." I said as I pointed to the room down the hall. 

Jan opened the door and carried me into my parent's room. I couldn't help but see the symbolism. I was Jan's young "bride". And she, my "husband", carried me through the bridal chamber. I realized that the last vestiges of my straight single life was over. Jan was going to make me her lesbian lover, her "wife", as it were. She must have seen a nervous look on me because Jan passionately kissed me. Reassuring me that everything was alright.

My lover, placed me on my parent's bed and then stripped out of her clothes. There Jan was, standing beside the bed next to me. Her stout, masculine body naked before me except for her strapon, which she kept on.

Staring down at my naked body, Jan said. "You are so amazing baby. I can't get enough of you! I love you baby!"

I didn't know how to respond. I didn't know if I loved Jan. But I knew that I wanted to feel her inside my body again. So I smiled and took her hand and guided her to me. Jan smiled back and got onto the bed. She took her cock in her hand and pointed the bulbous head towards my pussy. She teased the head of her dildo, circling my pussy lips. I pushed my hips up, trying to get Jan to enter me.

"Not yet baby!" She said.

Jan kept teasing me with her cock. Tickling my pussy until I started to get wet again. Then she finally guided the bulbous head of her cock into my tight young body. I wanted to feel her deep inside me, but instead Jan drove her faux erection just deep enough to bury the head of the dildo inside me and then withdrew from me. It was driving me wild! I was getting wetter and wetter as my older lover tantalized me with her appendage. I desperately tried to push myself into Jan, to take her inside me. She simply withdrew herself from me and smiled.

"No. Not yet love." Said Jan.

"Please." I begged her longingly.

Jan smiled. "No. I want you to beg me to be inside you. I want you to tell me that you are my baby doll, now and forever!"

I was aroused and desperate to feel Jan inside me. And a part of me really wanted to be her girl, to please her and be taken by her. In that moment I blurted out, "I want you inside me. I want you to be my man! I want to be your baby doll now and forever!"

With a massive grin on her face, Jan slid the head of her strapon inside me once more. Then she lowered herself on top of me. I spread my legs apart to accommodate her body. A shot of electricity ran through my body as I felt her hot skin against mine. Her breasts rested on top of mine. Jan kissed my lips as I felt her slowly slide her cock into me. I could feel the full length of her strapon inside me. My pussy wrapped around it tightly, fitting it like a glove. I was her little girl, her baby doll and she was taking me once more. And this time it was in my parent's bed!!!

Jan wrapped her arms around me as we kissed passionately. Her hips slowly started to thrust into my young and willing body. Her tempo was slow and gentle. My lover wanted me to feel every movement of her body. It felt so natural having this 55 year old woman making love to me. I loved the feeling of her lips against mine. Feeling her tongue penetrate my mouth as her cock penetrated my body.

As Jan drove herself into me, I raised my hips to meet hers. We kissed each other deeply. Our bodies were in perfect sync with each other. Our rhythm quickened. We drove our bodies harder and faster into each other. I wrapped my legs around Jan's waist, keeping her inside me. This drove Jan wild. She redoubled her efforts, thrusting into my tight little body even harder and faster. I felt my body start to climax. Jan drove her cock as deep inside me as she could. My lover continued to kiss me as we both began to cum. I felt Jan's juices drip underneath her strapon and onto my sex. Jan stayed on top of me until both our bodies were spent. She took off her strapon and we fell asleep in my parent's bed, with Jan's arms wrapped around my naked body.

A few hours later, Jan woke me up. She kissed me on the lips and caressed my naked body. Jan softly uttered, "You are so beautiful baby. You're my little baby doll! I want to have you again baby!"

I smiled and drowsily replied, "Again?"

With her boyish grin, Jan said, "Honey, I want to take you over and over and over again!"

Still half alseep I said, "I just want to get some sleep right now."

"C'mon baby. I want you again. Did you like it when I came inside your body babe?" Said my older lover.

"What?" I said.

Smiling, Jan said, "Remember when I came in your pussy? Did you like that?"

Remembering how Jan took me, how she drove her body into mine, turning our two bodies into one that night and how it aroused me, I said, "Yes. It was amazing!"

My 55 year old lover rolled on top of me. I spread my legs apart. I felt the heat and weight of her body on me. I was starting to get aroused again. She looked into my blue eyes and kissed me.

With the sound of lust and desire heavy in her voice, Jan told me, "I want to grind my pussy into yours. I want to penetrate your pussy with mine. I want to cum inside your perfect little body. I want to feel our bodies becoming one and the same baby."

I lifted my legs up as Jan positioned her pussy on top of mine. Then I noticed something that I hadn't noticed from our first encounter. With Jan's pussy aroused and engorged with blood, her pussy lips inflated like a balloon, extending out about an inch. It almost looked like a mini penis!

Jan pulled my hips up and put a few pillows under my ass to get me in the right position. Then she lowered her pussy onto mine. My heart skipped a beat and I gasped a breath when I felt Jan's engorged sex touch mine. I was helpless underneath her. She had full control over me. I enjoyed having sex with Jan using the strapon, but this felt more personal, more natural, primal! She was like some amazonian woman, my Amazon Chieftain who was going to mate with her new conquest. 

With her strong hands, Jan spread legs as far apart as they would go. Once she had full access to my sex, Jan opened my pussy with her fingers. She positioned her erect clit to my opening and lowered herself onto me. Once I felt her pussy inside me, she released her fingers and my tight little pussy closed in around her pussy lips. I was surprised that this was even possible. I didn't think a woman could penetrate another woman like this and yet she was! She grabbed onto my waist with her strong hands so that our bodies would stay locked together until she could give me her essence. 

Jan's eyes stared deeply into mine. She said. "Do you feel it baby? Do you feel me inside you? We're one and the same baby! You and me. You feel so good baby, you're making me so hot!"

The only response I uttered was, "Oh my god!"

"That's it baby, just enjoy it! You're my sweet little girl!" Said Jan.

My older lover carefully began to grind her pussy into mine to make sure she stayed inside me. With a steel grip on my hips, Jan slowly drove her elongated clit inside me. The heat pulsated from Jan's pussy and her juices began to mix with my own. My body was extremely aroused. I longed to have Jan's red hot sex deeper inside me. 

My lover, my amazonian chieftain, continued to slowly grind herself into me. My hands grabbed onto Jan's wrists, pulling myself up against her. Our hips danced in perfect synchronization together. With our bodies so in tune with each other, I couldn't tell where my body ended and hers began.

Jan must have felt it too, because she told me. "That's it baby. Can you feel it? Our bodies are one and the same now. Your body is mine and mine is yours! God you feel so fucking good baby!"

With small, little deep thrusts, Jan pushed herself harder in my tight little pussy. Her excitement grew and her juices began to flow, lubricating my sex. Jan was starting to perspire. Her body began to glisten as she continued her unyielding assault on me. I knew my butch lover wouldn't stop until she had mated with me. 

As our pussies continued to make love to each other, my mind was racing. I couldn't believe that this woman was defiling me in my parent's bed. I was also amazed at how in tune my body was with hers. I felt intense feelings of love and lust for my 55 year old butch lover. I knew that I could never go back to my boyfriend now. This primal love making made me realize that I wanted to be hers, body and mind. I wanted Jan to give it to me. I wanted her to cum inside my body. 

After several more more minutes, Jan's thrusts became erratic. All the muscles in her body tensed as she desperately tried to drive herself deeper into my willing young body. And then, the dam finally burst. I felt a hot stream of cum shoot forth into me. I spread my legs obscenely wide open as my body readily accepted her cum once more.

As Jan climaxed, she said. "That's it baby! Take it. Take me inside you."

I could feel Jan's erect clit pulsating inside me as she continued to impregnate me with her sticky essence. In a state of euphoria from the primal love making, part of me once more wished that somehow I could bare her a child, a child that we had made from our love making.

With the last spasms of her climax finally dissipating, Jan collapsed on top of me. We stayed there kissing each other deeply for a long time. I felt complete. I felt like Jan and I had connected on a physical and mental level. I now belonged to this amazonian chieftain. She had mated with me and I was now her mate. I was now a part of her tribe and I could never go back. I was her young conquest, my body and soul belonged to her.