 Gina had interviewed about a dozen girls, but there was something wrong with each of them. Three of them seemed surprised to find out that one of Gina's requirements for a roommate was a job. Maybe she could look over her finances again and figure out a way to live on her own. It would be tight, but the way things were going, it seemed like her only option.

As she walked down the quad to take down her flyers, Gina caught a glimpse of a cute redhead that looked really familiar. As she got closer, the redhead smiled at Gina.

"Oh my god, Regina Cross? Hayworth Elementary, right?"

"Umm, yeah, I guess I know you, but I can't seem to place your name," Gina stammered.

"Amber Rosas, remember? You sat next to me in Ms. Richards class, second grade."

Amber, Gina definately remembered Amber now. Although she looked quite different without her thick glasses and long, stringy bangs. Totally different, Amber was hot. Amber was now about 5'7", with gorgeous long legs that were displayed quite nicely in her short black skirt. 

Gina remembers Amber being a little weird in the second grade. In fact, one day while playing tag, Gina fell and skinned her knee. Amber ran up to her and kissed her knee. All the kids made fun of Amber, but the kiss actually did make Gina feel better.


"Wow, Amber, you've, um, changed."

"Yeah, after we moved, my mom remarried some old, rich guy. So I was able to get rid of the bottle glasses, get braces, the works."

"Well, the works really worked out for you. What are you doing now?" Gina asked.

"Oh not much, just transferred in this semester. I was actually coming up here to see if I could find an apartment to rent, I think my aunt is getting tired of my late night partying, and I've been meaning to move out on my own anyway."

Was it too perfect? This great looking red head with money looking for a place to live, and Gina had just the place. Partying has never bothered Gina, in fact, Amber probably knows some really cute guys.

"Well if you want, I'm looking for a roommate. Why don't you stop by after class and take a look at the house? If I don't find someone soon, I may have to move out myself." 

"Really? Gina, I didn't mean to impose on you, but if you're really looking for a roommate...it really doesn't matter what the place looks like, I just need to move out."

"Great, we can go to my place right now."

When they got to the house, Gina showed the empty bedroom to Amber. 

"It's a little smaller than my bedroom, but your share of the rent is less. Do you like?"

"Oh it's great. But I'm curious, how much smaller is my bedroom?"

"Not that much, but you can compare them if you like?"

As the walked to the other bedroom, Gina started to feel a little nervous. She couldn't figure out why, but for some reason, she kept thinking about the small kiss Amber had placed on her knee. As she glanced back at Amber, she felt a little flushed.

"Oh, that's a beautiful quilt. My grandma used to have one just like it," Amber walked over to Gina's bed and stroked the quilt. "Is it old?"

"Only about 6 months old. I bought it at a craft show."

As Amber walked away from the bed, her shoe caught on the rug, and she tripped, banging her knee against Gina's bedpost.

"Oww, I'm so clumsy."

"Are you all right? That's quite a knock your knee took?"

"I'm okay"

"No you're not, it's bleeding. Sit down, I'll get you a band aid."

As Gina brought back the band aid, a wicked little thought entered her mind. Maybe she ought to return an old favor.

"Here you go, a kiss to make you feel better," Gina lightly kissed Amber's knee, "and a band aid."

"Just a little kiss? My knee really hurts, I think it may need a little more."

Gina was a little surprised. She was a little more than surprised as she found herself lightly licking Amber's knee. 

"Is this better?" Gina looked up, Amber was staring directly into her eyes.

"Hmmm...getting there. I think I know how make it all better," Amber reached down and cupped Gina's face. Pulling her up, Amber gently kissed Gina's lips. Gina had never kissed a girl before, it was so soft, yet powerful. Tingles swept through Gina's body and swirled around her pussy as Amber's tongue flickered inside her mouth.

"I've never done this before, I'm not sure..." Gina's words turned into a moan as Amber's hand rubbed over her jeans against her crotch.

"I'll show you. Oh, I've had such a crush on you, ever since I was a little girl. You should have seen me cry when we moved. I thought I'd never see you again," Amber whispered into Gina's ear as she lick her lobe and teased her nipples.

Amber licked her way down Gina's neck. "Take off your shirt," she whispered.

Gina quickly took off the tight T-shirt and started to unlatched her bra.

"No, I'll do that," Amber said as she licked through the black lace and nibble on Gina's nipple.

Electricity shot through Gina, no man had ever made her feel like this. They were too quick to get to fucking, but Amber was teasing her. Gina's hips bucked up against Amber was she removed Gina's bra and pinched her nipples. In response to this, Amber slid her hand down under Gina's jeans and rub against the lacy fabric of her panties. Gina was wet and could feel her panties cling to her pussy.

Amber undid Gina's pants and slid them down along with panties, then removed her own shirt and skirt. Gina had noticed before that Amber was not wearing bra, but was surprised that she had no panties on with such a short skirt. Her pubic hair was trimmed, and red. Her chest was freckled between her breast, and her nipples were pink and erect.  Gina tentatively licked one, Amber moaned in approval. Gina took Amber's nipple into her mouth and sucked. Amber meanwhile slid her finger along Gina's slit, then gently flicked at her clit. Gina caught her breath, Amber took that encouragement and slowly rubbed. 

Gina reached down, and mimicked Amber's movements.  Amber smiled, and kissed Gina deeply. As their tongues played and swirled, so did their fingers. Faster and harder until both girls came, gasping into each other's mouth.

Amber then gave Gina a small kiss on her nose. "That's just the beginning," she whispered as she repositioned herself on the bed. "Just open your legs, and do whatever comes natural."

Gina followed the directions. She spread her legs, as Amber moved herself and placed her pussy against Gina's already throbbing pussy. Slowly Amber began to grind her slippery pussy against Gina, almost automatically Gina found herself bearing down and moving her hips. She could feel Amber's hard clit brush against her clit sending little shivers down her spine and up the walls of her vagina. The friction was so delicious, Gina thought she was going to scream as Amber's pussy pressed against her, mixing their juices, sucking against her clit, her hole, her ass. Gina pinched at her nipples as her own hips swivled and bucked. She had never felt anything like this. She could feel her pussy building up and Amber pushed harder and started grinding faster, and faster.

"Ohh, ohhh, fuck Amber," Gina moaned as she grasped onto her quilt, electric shocks shooting from her pussy to her toes. She came like never before, her body trembled as the waves subsided. "I think I actually saw stars," she finally managed to say as her body went limp.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," Amber smiled coyly at Gina. "I hope I made a good impression on my new roommate."

Gina laughed, "Oh, this interview was definately, um, mind blowing. When can you move in?"

"Well I could move in tonight, but unfortunately I have plans," Amber said as she gently kissed Gina's knee.

"Plans?" Gina asked, worried that Amber might be going out with somebody.

"Mmm, hmm..." was all Amber answered as she began to lick her way up Gina's leg.