 Sitting in the lobby for my interview so nervous I wanted to scream. Everything just felt...off today. Hands shaking I twist the ring on my right hand thinking about all my mistakes. I worry about the short length of my skirt as it rides up my thighs. I couldn't manage anything better; the dry cleaners gave me the wrong suit. Even a damn rip in my last pair of tights. I hope the interviewer won't notice the hooks on my black stockings. I'll try not to bend over or make any sudden movements. Oh god I'm so nervous. 

"Victoria! Mrs. Cherie will see you now."

My eyes widen, heart skipping a beat. A woman? I hope she'll be understanding and overlook the flaws in the way I dressed. I really need this job and no matter what, I'll do whatever she wants. I'm here to please as a good secretary should.

Ushered into a large office, I quickly look around then focus on Mrs. Cherie, the interviewer, as the thick doors shut quietly behind me. I smile brightly and move forward as she greets me with a firm handshake. Her long dark hair and beautiful skin strike me. She's beautiful. My eyes can't help but stare down her body slowly, lingering over the swell of her breasts under her bold blue cardigan and down to her strong legs slipped into leopard heels.

I quickly look up to see the amused expression on her face, one perfect eyebrow slightly arched as she waits for me to finish my inspection. It's clear she understands perfectly what effect she has on me. Oh, how I would love for her to come near me, just for a kiss. She's perfect, a rose with no flaws or tears on the petals. I can smell a hint of her Chanel perfume emanating from her neck. I'm overcome by a sudden desire to bite at it, to taste her. Flustered now, I shake my head and refocus my thoughts. My smile frozen in place I sit and introduce myself. For the next 10 minutes I list my assets, places I've worked. Answering her questions to the best of my ability.

Staring me in the eyes she asks, "Your qualifications are good, you have experience but then so do the other 30 girls I've interviewed. So, tell me. Why should you work here and what sets you apart from the rest?" 

"I am very hardworking and I'm willing to do whatever it takes to please you." I reply, my fingers nervously stroking my stockings. Finished, I stare at her cherry red lips, overcome with a sudden thought of slipping my tongue between them.

Focusing again I see a quick smirk flash across her face as if she could read my thoughts. Sitting quietly I try again. "If you tell me to do something, regardless of what it is, no matter how outrageous, I will do it. No questions asked. I know how to please... my voice falters as the interviewer suddenly gets up from her chair, walks around to lean against the front of her huge desk looking down at me appraisingly.

"Mrs. Cherie?"

"Call me Maitresse, little girl. You say you'd do anything would you?" Gripping the arms of my chair she pulls me closer. Leaning in close to my ear, her breath on my neck sends chills down my back and a flush to my cheeks.

"I think I might have the perfect position open for you. One I'm going to personally supervise. Would you like to know what it is?

Hypnotized, I nod quickly, gazing deep into her beautiful blues eyes noticing, almost as an afterthought, that one of them was half blue half brown.

"You say you're ready to do anything, but I think you need to be further trained. You're going to be my dirty little slut, and we'll see how far you're willing to go.

"Yes, Maitresse."

"I knew the minute you came in here with that short little skirt that you were dirty. You look positively filthy in those stockings, Did you think I wouldn't notice the hooks?" Pointing to the floor in front of her she snapped, "Get down." 

Stunned at her sudden change I blink and stare with disbelief. Before I can process all that is happening, my body betrays me. My knees have already touched the floor. I stare up at her with my lips open, glossy, unable to speak at the shocking rush of lust tearing through my body. Smiling now she leans down to pet my head, stroking my thick black hair and I turn to kiss her hand. 

Smack!

Eyes dark with sudden fury she scolds me. "Did I give you permission to touch me, slut? Don't you dare try to kiss me with that childish sticky gloss you covered those slutty lips in."

Unable to process that I'd been slapped I could feel my cheek redden, overcome with embarrassment at the gushing wetness between my legs. I stammer, " I'm sorry! I am an ungrateful dirty slut, Maitresse. Please forgive me for touching without permission. I will do whatever you tell me like a good girl."

Relaxing, she leans back, "First lesson learned. Good. Your training will continue now. I want you to bring me a gin and tonic from the bar over there."

I started to rise from the floor stopping as she raised a finger. "No, you will crawl. Hurry now, if it takes longer than one minute, I will spank you til you cannot sit. When you get back, you will show me what you're wearing underneath that cheap outfit. I bet a slut like you did not even wear panties, just those stockings, trying to get people to look at those hooks. Tick tock, little girl, don't disappoint me now." 

Still reeling over what was happening to me but not wanting to disappoint I began crawling towards the cabinet. I could feel my skirt ride up far enough to expose my entire ass which wiggled with each knee forward. Staying on my knees I straightened up to make my new mistress a gin and tonic. A lazy voice in the distance called out, "Bombay Sapphire and not too much ice. Use a tray so you don't spill on the rug"

Drink prepared, I quickly crawl back to her hoping to beat the clock and avoid the blistering spanking I knew would follow. Her hand was already held out as she looked at her schedule. I slid the gin and tonic gently in.

The minutes tick by as she works, sipping from her drink. I feel impatient and want her attention on me but she still doesn't turn to look at me. I speak," Maitresse?"

"Yes?"

I have her attention and with that I turn my body around with my eyes never breaking our stare. I show her how my skirt has ridden up completely, my bare ass in plain view. My head is twisted around so I can look into her eyes. Like a dog, I stay on all fours waiting for her to train me. 

"Unhook those stockings now, slut." 

My hands slowly reach down, sliding down my thigh and-

"No. You'll do it with your teeth." 

"But-"

"Are you disobeying me?" she asks with such a stern tone, I whimper. 

"No, Maitresse." I slowly contort my body and bend my head down, biting at the hooks til I feel them slip apart, one by one. Finished, I return to all fours with my ass in the air. Trembling, I stare back in terrible longing. The throbbing between my legs is becoming unbearable. I need to be touched.

It seems my prayers have been heard. I feel her hands slide over my ass, "Why bother wearing panties you slut? You're sopping wet. Don't you dare drip on my carpet." Her fingers glide down my slit, pushing on my clit. I can't help but moan while my ass trembles, pussy throbbing from her touch. With one hand, she yanks my lace panties up and I feel it dig into my sticky pussy. 

"Ahh!" I scream, throwing my head back, my hair draping the dimples of my lower back. I can hear her snicker, knowing how wet she's made me. "You really are a dirty whore, look how wet your cunt is. I haven't even started fingering it. Just for that, I won't let you cum today. I never said you were allowed to get wet."

In a panic, my eyes begging, I gasp, "I'm sorry, Maitresse, please, I didn't know." 

"You know now, don't you?" I vigorously nod. "Good, I'm going to give you a little present in your ass and your pussy. Something all sluts like you dream about." Her hand pulls out two huge dildos from a desk drawer. Overcome with fright I close my eyes. She slaps my cheek with them. "Don't look away, slut, or it will go much worse for you. You've got two minutes to force both of these into those slut holes of yours. 

Shouldn't be a difficult task for you. Now turn around so I can see your entire body, you little whore."

Pinned by her steely gaze, I can't look away. I turn my body around, my fingers slip my sopping wet panties off and pull down my ripped stockings. I shove my fingers into my pussy, biting my lip to stop from moaning. All the wet juices... I slide them down to my ass, fingering it until I can slide my fingers in easily. I can feel all the wet, slick juices filling both my holes. I'm so wet, that the large dildo slides in so easy, I can feel how tightly my pussy squeezes it. The second dildo is more difficult but my ass soon surrenders and it slides slowly in and I can't help but scream when they begin vibrating strongly. "Ahhh!" I scream. So loud, I'm sure everybody in the building knows what's being done to me. I bite my lip hard to stop from screaming. I close my eyes, and try to open them immediately before-

Smack!

"I told you not to look away, slut. If I have to remind you again, I won't allow you to come for two days straight. 

I nod my head and silence my voice. I can feel the dildos completely filling each of my holes, making my entire body shake. 

"Now, tell Maitresse what you want."

"I- ahhh!" the vibrators start shaking even harder in my pussy and ass as I realize she's controlling the vibration of the dildos with a remote. I can't respond, the sensations overcoming me are too intense. It's like having two cocks shoved in me at once. I can only gasp and moan helplessly. 

"Oh, what a shame, you are such a dirty whore that you can only focus on cumming, when I ask you a question. It doesn't look like you want to please Maîtresse."

Desperate to please I look up at her and control myself, my voice shaking as the vibrators continue moving deep inside me," I want to please you Maîtresse, and - mmmmm do whatever you tell me to." 

"Hmmm, it's time to show your Maitresse how good you are at pleasing her. Maybe, I'll consider letting you come back for a second interview. Show me how you would please me, little girl."

Slowly, shaking almost uncontrollably, I start to move forward, crawling with my pussy and ass dripping and violated. My cunt throbs out of control as my cheeks brush against her inner thighs. Eager to please I boldly push her legs apart and push up her dress. I trail desperate kisses up her thighs til I can kiss the lips of her pussy. It's gleaming, slick with wetness. I want to hear her scream. 

I slid my tongue over her clit and began sucking, I worm one finger slowly inside. She's warm and gushing. I want her to cover the seat with her oil. Rubbing around her clit, my hands move up to pinch her rock hard nipples. I gain a slight moan from her and my lips move away to suck at each breast. I bite down hard on one, one hand rubbing her clit, with the other I slip two fingers back inside her tight pussy. I hear a slightly louder moan and a tiny squeak.

My pussy throbs even harder at the feel of fucking her pussy with my fingers. At my sudden power over her. I want her cum to spill onto my fingers, I want to taste every part of her. I arch my back and gasp loudly as the two dildos still inside me and hard at work, take me over the top, but not before I hear Maitresse's voice groaning. I moan louder, my mouth vibrating her nipples as my fingers move faster into her. "Uhhh..." loudly escapes her cherry lips.

I whisper in her ear," Cum by my fingers, Maitresse. Your little slut wants to please you and taste you." 

It was bold, I was afraid she would punish me for speaking so boldly, but with her pussy milking my fingers she violently came. 

"Uhhhh... unnn!" she screams. I can feel her pussy cumming all over my fingers, soaking the back of the office chair. It was too much. My pussy was coming, from double penetration and the feel of my Mistress's cum on my hands. It was heaven. 

Panting, I collapsed in a sweaty heap at her feet. As she watched, I slid my fingers out of her weeping pussy, and ate her juices from my fingers. I never broke my stare. 

"Have I pleased you, Maitresse?"

I wait patiently for an answer, as I bend down to take a lick from her wet cunt once again.