 Sam Mason: Are you happy to continue?

Karen Smith: Yes.

SM: Okay, so you must have been quite shaken-up after that last shift?

KS: Yes, I guess I was, but...

SM: But what?

KS: But when I got home that morning, I did something. Something I hadn't done in years.

SM: What was that?

KS: I...I masturbated.

SM: You masturbated?

KS: Yes. I drove home in floods of tears. I got in, had a long soak in the bath and then went to bed. The things she had done kept playing over and over in my mind. I suddenly realised, in spite of everything, I was incredibly aroused, and very wet.

SM: So you played with yourself?

KS: Yes.

SM: Did you make yourself cum?

KS: Yes. Twice.

SM: How did you feel after? Better? Worse?

KS: I felt even more ashamed. I didn't understand why I had been so turned-on.

SM: Did you think about her while you masturbated?

KS: I'm not sure.

SM: It's a simple enough question. Did you or didn't you?

KS: I did.

*

SM: When was your next shift?

KS: A few days later.

SM: Did you have any more urges in-between time?

KS: No.

SM: So what happened during this shift?

KS: Well, as you've probably gathered - her usual work attire was casual - jeans, sweaters, that sort of thing. On our next shift she came dressed as if she was on a night out.

SM: How do you mean?

KS: She wore a fancy red dress - it was very short - and a pair of high-heeled shoes.

SM: Did she explain why she was dressed this way?

KS: When she arrived she, straightaway, came and sat on the chair next to me. I was writing an email, and didn't look away from the screen, in the vain hope she'd leave me be.

SM: I assume she didn't?

KS: She said 'Look at me'. I turned to face her and then she asked me how she looked.

SM: Your reply?

KS: I said 'you look lovely Sarah. You always look lovely'. She lunged forward, yanked my head back and said 'that's Princess Sarah'.

SM: What did you do?

KS: I offered a very quick apology. I said 'sorry Princess Sarah. You look lovely Princess Sarah'. She just laughed and started goading me, saying things like 'I bet you wish you looked this good don't you?'

SM: Were you at all aroused by this?

KS: No, I was just scared.

SM: What happened next?

KS: She let me go, reached into her bag, pulled out a...a sex toy and said 'you know what this is?'. I nodded.

SM: It was a dildo?

KS: Yes. It was a black dildo. She told me she was going to fuck herself with it, and that I was going to watch.

SM: What did you say to that?

KS: I said nothing. I did as I was told. She stripped off her panties, threw them at me and said 'you know what to do with those'. I put them on my head and watched as she started thrusting the dildo in and out of her...her pussy.

SM: Did you enjoy watching her?

KS: No, I was still terrified.

SM: Did she say anything to you whilst she was fucking herself?

KS: She kept eye-contact with me the whole time, and was saying things like 'fuck that feels good'. Then she asked me if I could see how wet her pussy was. I nodded, but this wasn't good enough for her. She said 'say it', so I did. I said 'I can see how wet it is'. Then she shouted 'say it fucking properly!'. Then I repeated it - to her satisfaction.

SM: What did you say exactly?

KS: I said 'Yes, Princess Sarah, I can how wet your pussy is'. A few minutes later she stopped, removed the dildo, placed it down on my desk and she...she told me to clean it.

SM: To clean it?

KS: Yes. It was covered with her creamy white...pussy juice. I naively pulled a tissue out my pocket and she started laughing hysterically, then said 'Clean it with your mouth you fucking whore'.

SM: And did you?

KS: I picked it up, glared at it for a while and then, with my eyes tightly shut, I ran it slowly across my tongue. She wasn't happy with this though.

SM: How so?

KS: She leapt up from her seat, snatched the dildo from my hand and said 'that is fucking pathetic'. She then moved behind me and, with her free hand, grabbed my chin and prised open my jaw. Then she...she...

SM: She what?

KS: She started thrusting the dildo in and out of my mouth. She wasn't gentle - it repeatedly hit the back of my throat.

SM: Did you gag?

KS: Yes, several times.

SM: How long did it last?

KS: Just a couple of minutes, I guess, though it felt much longer. When she was done, she held the dildo out in front of me. It was free of her juices and now covered in my drool. She said 'still not exacty clean is it?', then pulled her panties off my head and wiped the dildo through my hair.

SM: Then what happened?

KS: She asked me if I had ever...

SM: Ever what?

KS: If I had ever...licked a woman's pussy.

SM: And your response to this?

KS: I said 'no' and then, with a menacing smile she told me I would be licking one tomorrow.

SM: What did you say to that?

KS: Nothing. She walked away and didn't say a word to me for the rest of the shift.

SM: Not a single word?

KS: No.

*

SM: Did you reflect on events when you arrived home?

KS: Yes.

SM: Did you masturbate?

KS: No.

SM: Were you aroused?

KS: I felt humiliated.

SM: Were you aroused?

KS: Yes.

SM: But you didn't play with yourself?

KS: No.

*

SM: Okay, let's move onto the next shift then.

KS: Okay.

SM: How did you feel beforehand? After what she had said the previous evening.

KS: I was terrified. When I pulled into the carpark I just froze, I couldn't leave my car. A couple of minutes later she pulled-up in the bay next to me. I was tempted to drive off.

SM: Why didn't you?

KS: I don't know.

SM: Did she see you sitting in your car?

KS: Yes.

SM: Did she say anything?

KS: No. She just went straight into the office.

SM: And you followed shortly after?

KS: Yes.

SM: What was she wearing?

KS: She'd gone casual again - jeans and a t-shirt.

SM: What did she say when you entered?

KS: Nothing. She said nothing at all, she was just browsing the internet.

SM: What did you do?

KS: I logged on to my PC and started working.

SM: And she approached you soon after?

KS: No. I kept expecting at any minute she was going to creep up behind me or summon me to her, but it didn't happen.

SM: She left you alone the entire shift?

KS: Yes, she got up a dozen times or so throughout the evening - to get coffee or go to the toilet - everytime she did I was convinced she was going to start.

SM: But she didn't?

KS: No, she didn't. 6am came and she walked out the office, without saying a word. I picked up my bag, breathed a huge sigh of relief and headed to the car park.

SM: You must have been delighted?

KS: Yes, for a very brief moment.

SM: Oh? What happened?

*

KS: When I got outside I saw her car hadn't moved.

SM: She was waiting for you?

KS: Yes - with the passenger door wide open. I knew what was coming. She beeped her horn and pointed to the vacant seat.

SM: Did you get in?

KS: Yes.

SM: What did she say?

KS: She asked if I was thinking that she had forgotten me. I lied and said 'no', which earned me a hard slap to the face.

SM: Why?

KS: Because I said 'no' and not 'no Princess Sarah'.

SM: Did you rectify this?

KS: Yes. And then she said 'tell me what you're going to do for me'. I replied by saying that I'd do whatever she wanted. She said 'you know what I want, now tell what you're going to do for me today'.

SM: What did you tell her?

KS: At first, I said nothing - I knew what she wanted me to say - the words just wouldn't come out. Then she asked if I wanted another slap. Once she made that threat it wasn't long before I was telling her I was going to...going to lick her...pussy.

SM: Then what happened?

KS: She said 'good girl' - in an incredibly patronising tone - and asked if we should go somewhere quieter.

SM: What did you say?

KS: I said 'yes please Princess Sarah'. She drove for about five minutes, to small carpark in the middle of some woods.

SM: Were you scared?

KS: Yes, there a million emotions flashing through my mind, fear was definitely one of them.

SM: Were you turned-on?

KS: Maybe a little.

*

SM: What did she do when you got to the woods?

KS: She climbed out of the car, came round to my side and dragged me out by my hair. She then forced me to my knees and told me to take off her jeans. It wasn't easy my hands were trembling, and her grip on my hair was so tight that the slightest movement was excruciating.

SM: But you managed to get them off?

KS: Yes, eventually.

SM: What did she make you do next?

KS: She said 'show me your tits'. I peeled off my jacket and threw it to the ground, then I lifted my sweater.

SM: Were you wearing a bra?

KS: Yes. She told me to take the sweater and the bra off. I said 'I can't do that unless you let me go Princess Sarah'.

SM: And did she let you go?

KS: Yes she did. And I did what she asked.

SM: You stripped?

KS: Yes, I stripped off my sweater and my bra, which caused her to burst out with laughter.

SM: Why?

KS: She said 'look at those saggy old tits - they're disgusting'.

SM: What did you say that?

KS: Nothing, I didn't have time to. As soon as she'd said that she reached down and started pulling my nipples. I screamed out in pain and she cackled. Then she asked if I was ready to...lick her pussy. I nodded and she said 'tell me'.

SM: What did you say?

KS: I said 'I'm ready to lick your pussy Princess Sarah'. She pulled her panties to one side and told me to get on with it. I closed my eyes, stuck out my tongue and moved my head slowly forward until I'd made contact.

SM: Then what?

KS: Well, I didn't really know what I was doing, I clumsily flicked my tongue up and down a few times and hoped for best.

SM: Did you please her?

KS: No.

SM: Oh?

KS: She let me continue for a while, then said 'what the fuck are you doing?'. I stopped and lookup up at her, but didn't know how to reply. She smashed the palm of her right hand into my face and I fell to the floor. As I picked myself up she asked if that was the best I could do. 

SM: What did you say?

KS: I said 'I'm sorry Princess Sarah, but I told you I hadn't done it before'. She crouched down, grabbed my face and told me that I was a worthless piece of shit. Then she picked up her jeans, and my sweater and walked towards the car. I stood up and she looked around and said 'don't even think about getting back in my car'. 

SM: She was going to leave you?

KS: Yes. I pleaded with her not to. I asked her to give me a second chance. 

SM: And did she? 

KS: Yes. She said 'come here then'. I ran to her, dropped to my knees and eagerly rammed my tongue into her pussy. I used my fingers to part her lips and found her clit. A minute or so later she was cumming. 

SM: Did you enjoy making her cum?

KS: I was just pleased that she wasn't going to leave me naked in the woods. 

SM: What did she say after she came?

KS: Nothing. She got back in the car and I followed. I then asked permission to put my sweater back on and she nodded her approval. 

SM: And she drove you back to your car?

KS: Yes, as I was getting out she grabbed me and said 'this is just the beginning slut, understand?'. 

SM: What was your reply?

KS: 'Yes Princess Sarah'.