 The Interview: From 'Investigative Journalism'

(I hope the shifts in POV in this story won't be confusing. After the introduction, each of Denise's adventures are told in third person, as though they have been transcribed after the interview to that point of view.)

The young red-haired woman looked dubiously at the tape-recorder resting on the coffee table in front of her. "Why do you have to record all of our conversation? I know you want to use the incidents you asked me to relate but I thought you said that everything I told you concerning me would be 'off the record'."

"No, I said what you told me about yourself would be background material. I promise not to use your name or any details that might reveal your identity. I am planning one or more of the stories that you tell me will be in the book I'm hoping to write along the lines of 'Women on Top'." Dawn Garth, the prize-winning morning anchor of the early news reassured the other woman. "I use the tape recorder to make sure I don't miss anything. Once I've had it transcribed I will destroy the tape so that even your voiceprint will be gone. However, if it would make you feel more comfortable, I'll try to take notes instead."

"No, that's okay, I guess. If I didn't trust you I wouldn't have agreed to this whole thing."

"Okay, great." Dawn smiled. "I'm going to call you 'Denise' from now on, since its not even close to your real name. Alright?"

"Alright." Denise returned Dawn's smile. Just for a moment she let her eyes travel over the reporter's slender body, lingering on the firm legs that were shown to their best advantage by the moderately short skirt and the heels. Those legs were crossed at the ankles and tucked slightly back as Dawn leaned forward to turn on the recorder. Denise savored the little rising of Dawn's skirt as she did that. She swept her gaze over the remainder of the attractive blonde sitting beside her, then abruptly brought her attention back to the moment at hand as Dawn began to speak.

"Denise, if I understand correctly, you are a third year college student. You're twenty-one and you, for reasons we need not go into, need to be completely self-supporting. To make ends meet and still attend classes, you found a job with, well, to be honest, an escort service."

"Yes, that's true, Dawn." The younger woman refused to blush as she met the reporter's eyes.

"But a very special escort service. One that caters only to women. And in your case at least, in very special ways." Dawn noted.

"True again. Instead of being someone to cling to an arm on a night on the town or simply being a bed-partner for a weekend, we specialize in fulfilling fantasies. Women contact us when they want to live out something they've always dreamed about but never dared to do."

"And you are willing to share a few of those experiences, those fantasy fulfillments, with me?"

"Oh yes." Denise smiled.

(First story)

"Sometime the woman who is availing herself of my services is specifically interested in my assuming the role of a certain person." Denise laughed wickedly. "Usually its someone famous. I've been Britney Spears more than once, although I can't imagine why. I also do a good Kate Beckinsale from 'Underworld' and a pretty good Gretchen Wilson. When that is the case I go by whatever name they want me to answer to. 'Caroline' was the name that Sandy wanted me to use."

Sandy was a middle-aged divorcee. Still attractive, she and her husband had split amicably several years before when it became obvious they had grown too far apart and neither had the will nor the desire to try to put things back together. They had carried on together until both their daughters were out of college and then quietly parted. The divorce surprised no one, especially their daughters.

Sandy's fantasy had arisen when her younger daughter was between her sophomore and junior years in college. She had brought home her roommate Caroline. Years later, Sandy could still see the young woman in her mind's eye. Caroline had been of medium height with long straight brown hair and dark brown eyes. Long firm legs accentuated a tight bottom just as a flat stomach made her small proud breasts stand out.

Sandy knew all this because of an accident. She had been cleaning up the house and doing laundry one afternoon and had forgotten to restock the towels in the guest bathroom. A plaintive call from that room had reached her ears.

"Ms. Sandy, there aren't any towels in here!"

"Oh my goodness Caroline." She had called back. "I'll be right there. Hastily she had gathered up some fluffy terrycloth towels and hurried to the door, pausing to knock.

"Come in." There was a pause and then Caroline added in a half joking, half serious tone, "Please!" 

Sandy turned the door knob, balancing the towels with her forearm and her other hand. Backing in, she nudged the door closed behind her with her hip to try to keep the cool air from the house AC out of the room. Turning to present a towel to Caroline, she stopped and swallowed a gasp of surprise.

"Thank you, Ms. Sandy," the dark haired girl acknowledged gratefully, taking two of the proffered towels. It wasn't the courteous reply that stopped Sandy in her tracks, it was the fact that the young coed was standing on the rug by the tub, quite nude, and quite unabashed about that fact. Taking the first towel, Caroline proceeded to wrap it around her, but not before Sandy found herself, to her great surprise, drinking in the view. 

Nor did the moment stop there. Propping one foot on the bathtub, Caroline used a second towel to dry her leg, then switched to do the other one. The juncture of the towel opened and Sandy stared at the dark patch between the young woman's legs. Caroline then carefully hung that towel up and bent over the tub to dry her hair with yet a third towel. Sandy's eyes riveted on the cheeks of the girl's firm ass and the lines of its cleft.

Never before had Sandy had such a reaction to another female. She couldn't stop looking. Her mouth was dry. Unbelievably, she was attracted to this young woman. No, more than that, she wanted Caroline, wanted her sexually.

Sandy actually took a step towards Caroline before pulling herself together. Hastily she slipped back out through the bathroom door, closing it behind her. Mechanically she walked to the linen closet and put the remainder of the towels away. Then she went down to the kitchen, made a cup of tea and tried to make sense of the whole thing.

She had never been attracted to other women before, beyond the usual noticing that someone looked very attractive. Certainly not someone as young as her daughter. Well, there was that one time back in college when she had some of the same feelings about one of the cheerleaders but she had never been really tempted to act on those feelings.

For the rest of that summer visit Sandy tried to resume acting towards Caroline as she had before the bathroom incident. Caroline herself unknowingly helped because her attitude had not changed at all. Apparently the sexual attraction Sandy had felt towards the coed had not been apparent.

Months and then years went by. Occasionally Sandy thought of Caroline and wondered what would have happened if she had allowed herself to follow up on her sudden attraction that day. Then one day, while idly reading the classifieds in the paper she had seen a discreetly worded ad that had led her to engage the services of the young female escort now in her house.

So here she was sitting in her kitchen again. She could here the water running down the hall. The sounds of the shower stopped and she heard the voice call. Just like years before she went to the linen closet and took some freshly laundered towels in her arms. Once again she entered and drank in the sight of the slender young body before her. Her heart seemed to lodge in her throat as the towel fell away from the dark triangle between the young woman's legs as the visitor ran another towel down her leg.

This time Sandy didn't have to resist her urge. This time she couldn't. She dropped the excess towels and took three eager steps forward. Before the surprised girl could react, the older woman had pressed her against the wall and was raining kisses all over her face.

"Ms. Sandy! What are you doing?" protested Caroline for an instant before Sandy wrapped her arms around the coed and silenced her with a deep, passionate kiss. The young woman seemed to struggle for a few moments. Her hands pushed feebly at Sandy. Then she flung her arms around the older woman and returned her kiss, sucking the searching tongue deep into her mouth.

Sandy's hands roamed over Caroline, searching and exploring. One slipped inside the now gaping towel to find the flat stomach. Sandy broke her lip-lock with the girl to kiss and lick over the bare shoulders and neck before settling on the soft hollow of the white throat before her. The questing hand slid further, slid down over Caroline's mound and then cupped a pussy that was wetter than even the just finished shower could explain.

Caroline moaned deep in her throat. "Ms. Sandy, Ms. Sandy. Stop. You shouldn't... Oh God." The young hips pushed forward, grinding herself onto Sandy's hand. At the same time, the older woman's free hand caught the top of the towel and pulled it away from the firm body. First one, then the other, small breast tipped with an erect nipple was exposed. Then the towel fell to the floor and Caroline stood nude before Sandy.

Almost whining in her excitement, Sandy fastened her mouth onto Caroline's left breast. She licked at the pink nipple, swirling her tongue over it before her lips parted and she sucked all she could of the firm orb into her mouth. Once her hand had tossed the towel aside, she cupped the other breast and began to tweak and roll the nipple there.

Caroline gasped loudly. Her hands were flat against the bathroom wall as though only its support held her up. She arched her back slightly, pressing her breasts into Sandy's eager mouth and fingers. Sandy's legs gave way as she sank down before the young woman.

Now on her knees, Sandy could not get enough of Caroline's tight body. Her hands ran up and down the slender legs before her, pausing here and there for gentle squeezes and caresses. She kissed the firm stomach she had first touched, darting her tongue into the navel before resuming her march, her lips never leaving the smooth skin. Then her tongue was touching the fine hairs that marked the top of Caroline's pussy.

Sandy shivered. This is what she had dreamed of for ten years. Two hands touched her head, fingers entangling themselves in the older woman's hair. She looked up. Caroline looked back down at her, need smoldering in her eyes. 

The young woman whispered. "Please Ms. Sandy, please. You don't know how long I've waited for you to do this. Do me now." The hands on her head gently pushed her face between the wide-spread legs before her.

Sandy needed no further urging. Her hands settled on the tight little ass she had thought about for years. She parted the wet curls in front of her with her tongue and slipped her tongue tip into Caroline's pussy.

"Oh, GOD, yes." moaned the young woman. Her head tipped back and her eyes closed blissfully.

Sandy flattened her tongue in Caroline and began to lap up and down the open slit in front of her. Reaching the top, she flicked the hard pearl that was exposed before her before lapping down again. Her mouth closed over the swollen labia and she sucked them into her mouth, savoring the taste of the college girl's pussy. She plunged inside the young woman, her head reeling at the taste she had dreamed of for so long.

Caroline's hips were jerking. Her hands pressed harder, rubbing the older woman's face into her. Her breath came faster, in gulps and gasps. Now she was pleading with Sandy.

"Please, yes, oh my God. Fuck me Ms. Sandy. Oh God it feels so good."

Sandy's tongue found Caroline's clit again and lashed it. The younger woman squealed. Then the kneeling woman took the hard nubbin in her lips and began to suck it. Caroline's face twisted and she screamed. Sandy drove two fingers up inside the dripping pussy, spreading them and pumping her arm as she continued to suck Caroline's clit. 

The young woman went wild, crying out in abandon, screaming her older lover's name over and over as she reached a series of nearly violent orgasms, flooding the older woman's face with her juices, who eagerly lapped them up. After the young woman finished shaking, she leaned against the wall, looking down at the other woman, who rested her head on Caroline's stomach and hugged her close.

...................................................

"Goodness, Denise."

"Indeed," replied the other woman. "Sandy was great fun. She had engaged me only for the afternoon, but I ended up spending the entire weekend with her. It was rather one-sided though." At Dawn's raised eyebrows Sandy nodded and continued. "She didn't care about my reciprocating. She just wanted to perform oral sex on me, all over and on every part of my body."

"Goodness again." commented Dawn. Denise noted that the reporter had shifted back and forth during the recital, while leaning forward as if to make certain she didn't miss a single word. Her right hand had lifted to touch her breast just for an instant before pulling it back down as though she had just realized what she had done.

(Second Story)

"Now more common is someone who wants a particular scenario. The person I role play isn't that important its what she does that is the main point. Jacquie's fantasy was to be seduced by a neighbor into her first lesbian experience. It didn't matter which one. In fact the name I used was not that of anyone in the area that she knew. The idea of a neighbor and acquaintance was the key as she wanted someone she could feel safe with who wouldn't reveal what happened. She did have a few wishes about her seducer. I didn't mind dyeing my hair but its a good thing I was taller than her already, I don't think I could do anything about that. And I used a great deal more make-up than I usually do as she wanted someone older than her but then the essence of role playing is to pretend anyway. By the way, it was also my first time with a married woman."

Jacquie was a normal everyday housewife and mother. She loved her family, she loved being a stay-at-home mom. She made great meals, attended every school function and kissed her husband every morning when he went to work and every evening when he got home. They had sex every Saturday night, and sometimes on Sunday afternoon. She enjoyed it immensely.

But Jacquie had a fantasy. She wanted to be seduced by another woman. Not by a stranger, not in some bar. She wanted it to be someone that she knew, but not so close a that it would ruin a friendship or perhaps lead to complications. Another married woman would have been perfect, but she just didn't know anyone. Then she saw the ad.

The doorbell rang as she was vacuuming the Living Room. Shutting off the appliance, she answered the door. She was wearing her usual "work around the house" clothes; a pair of jeans with a much washed and shrunken t-shirt, its once bright colors now faded. Her brown hair, which normally reached halfway down her back, was caught up in a hasty twist.

"Hi Ginger."

"Hey there Jacquie," smiled the woman from down the street. She was older than Jacquie, right around forty and a couple of inches taller. Her red hair hung to her shoulders. Like Jacquie, she was wearing jeans. Her top was brief, two thin straps holding up an abbreviated shirt that made no attempt to cover her midriff.

"Come on in." Jacquie stepped back and motioned for her friend to enter. As always, she felt a little twinge of something or other in the pit of her stomach at the way Ginger's gaze seemed to linger on her. Somehow, the attention the other woman seemed to pay her did something to her, something that charged the air between them. Glancing down for a second, she confirmed what she already knew. Her nipples had hardened slightly as Ginger's eyes fastened on them. Her friend gave her a little smile, which was both unsettling and exciting.

"So what are you doing today?" asked the pretty brown-eyed hostess as she led her neighbor into the kitchen and poured them each a cup of coffee.

"Absolutely nothing," responded her visitor. "I have all my chores done, for the morning anyway, and thought I'd drop by for a chat."

"Well, I'm glad you did." Jacquie turned and rummaged through the papers spread over one corner of the kitchen table. "I want to show you something here, as soon as I can find it, that is."

Ginger stepped in close behind her. Jacquie shivered slightly as the other woman's hands touched her hips. The taller woman looked over her shoulder, almost resting her chin on Jacquie's shoulder.

"What is it?"

"Nope," laughed Jacquie. She shifted her weight back and forth, her attention more on the closeness of the woman behind her than on the papers in front of her. "Its a secret."

"Can I tell you a secret?"

Jacquie was distracted by the gentle pressure of the hands resting on her hips. Because her shirt was too short to reach the top of her jeans, the taller woman's thumbs and index fingers were touching her bare skin. She wanted to jump as those fingers began to move, making slow, soft strokes on her skin. 

"What," Jacquie had to stop and swallow, her throat was so suddenly dry. "What secret is that?"

Ginger was so close that she could feel her breath on the side of her neck. The creeping fingers at her sides were moving, moving up, moving under her shirt, moving around to her tummy. They were warm and made her feel something strange and exciting all through her body.

"You mean you've never guessed?" The words were whispered right into her ear. Ginger's lips were so close that Jacquie could feel them brush the shell of her ear and yet she had to strain to hear the other woman's words.

"Guessed what?" 

A throaty laugh blew warm air into her ear. "You can't tell it even now?" The hands that had been rubbing her tummy and crept up further and were brushing the bottom of Jacquie's breasts. She was conscious that Ginger was pressed right against her and she could feel the taller woman's breasts against her back. Two thin cotton shirts were not enough to prevent her from telling just where Ginger's hard nipples bored into her. 

"I, I, Oh God Ginger, what are you doing?" As though they had a mind of their own, Jacquie's hands reached back to grasp the other woman's hips. She felt the woman behind her press forward, her jeans rubbing against Jacquie's denim covered butt.

"Guess how I feel about you." This time Jacquie DID jump as the other woman's lips touched the side of her neck.

"What do you mean?" Jacquie gasped. "Ginger, you're acting like you, like you want to..."

"To make love to you." Ginger finished the stammering question. Her hands slid up, cupping the married woman's breasts.

Jacquie wanted to protest, to pull away. But she couldn't. The gentle squeezes on her breasts, the fingers rolling her already stiffening nipples and the hunger growing deep inside her would not allow her to pull away. Her eyes closed and her hips began to move in response to the woman behind her.

Ginger slid one hand back down Jacquie's tummy, coming to rest at the top of the shorter woman's jeans. A quick twist and the top button was undone. Jacquie arched slightly, not only allowing the other woman to unzip and begin to pull the levis down, but also gave her room to reach between them and unfasten the visitor's jeans.

Somehow the sensation of the often washed denim and her cotton panties sliding down her legs was as thrilling as anything Jacquie had ever felt. That is, until she stepped out of her clothes and Ginger again pressed against her. The feel of the other woman against her bare bottom, sliding slightly up and down, a trickle of wetness and the caress of damp curls on her ass fired her desire.
