 It all started on Saturday lunchtime in the lounge bar of the Four Feathers.

The canteen at work was not open so Jackie and I decided to have a pub lunch after a morning's overtime (if only we got paid extra for it!) and so here we were fighting the weekend crowd for somewhere to put the plate of sandwiches while drinking our beer. Finally we found a little space on the shelf around one of the pillars supporting the low ceiling. It was standing room only of course and one had to be careful not to swing one's arms about too much unless you wanted to make new friends very quickly.

We were standing next to a small round table where a dark haired woman in a smart trouser suit sat facing her younger companion, a pretty blonde in a pink blouse and an ankle length green cotton skirt.

I was to one side and slightly behind the older woman and almost on top of her in the crush of people. 

They were both leaning forward towards each other in deep conversation and to my amazement the older woman reached down with her right hand to caress the girl's right ankle and then very slowly slid her hand up under the skirt until she reached her knee. The blonde gave a little gasp and her eyes opened wide. She bit her lip and I could see the pink flush rise up around her slim neck.

I could see by her breathing that she was becoming aroused and quite frankly so was I. 

I glanced up at Jackie and she was staring down at the scene as though mesmerised. She must have felt me staring for she looked up with an expression that I can only describe as like a frightened rabbit. Then she mumbled something and was gone!

I moved forward to follow her but the crush was too great and as I turned around I found myself caught by the eyes of the dark haired woman. She seemed to be staring right into my innermost thoughts then she smiled at me and winked.

She returned her attention to her companion and very slowly her hand slid gently up the inside of the girl's thigh until it disappeared into the warm darkness. Only the slight movements of her wrist and the girl's ragged breathing told of the delightful intimate caresses now taking place.

She looked up at me with a knowing smile as she continued to play with her companion. I was captivated and I realised that she had intended me to see what she was doing. Would I like to join in or perhaps I wished that I were in the girl's place?

My heart was pounding in my ears and I had to hold on to the pillar to steady myself. Without thought I ran the tip of my tongue around my lips and her smile widened as she nodded. She leaned forward and said something to the girl as she withdrew her hand. She stood up, turned to face me and held her hand up between our faces. The first and second fingers shone with moisture and she quickly pressed their tips against my lips then she very slowly and suggestively licked them clean while her eyes never left their dark hold on mine.

"Eight o'clock here my darling" she whispered, "There's plenty more where that came from!"

And then they were both gone.

Without thinking I licked my lips and recognised the slight musky acidic taste that could only come from an aroused female. Almost my own taste, almost but not quite.

The difference was enough.

I was hooked and she knew it!

It was already nearly 7 o'clock and I still wasn't sure whether to go or not. Seductive thoughts of erotic adventures in the arms of a dark haired mistress were interspersed with feelings of self-doubt and even self-disgust. 

Yet all the time I could still see that slim white hand disappearing under the girl's skirt, the fingers sliding oh so slowly over the smooth silky skin of her inner thigh and I saw again the ecstatic expression on her victim's face as she felt that soft caressing invasion and gradually succumbed to the delightful sensations coursing through her young body. What thoughts were struggling to find expression in that erotic haze I wondered, imagining it was I in her place, her arousal becoming mine as my thoughts drifted in and out of the lascivious daydream?

Yet it seemed that everything was already decided. I had bathed, washed and dried my long locks, brushing them until they shone like spun gold, and now I studied my wardrobe. What did one wear when one was going to be seduced? 

I froze as the thought came unbidden, so natural and so unambiguous. 

Was I really planning to be seduced? 

This was a fantasy that had so often inspired those ecstatic moments when my own busy fingers brought me to gasping shuddering release, sometimes in the warm darkness of my bed, recently more often in the steamy wet comfort of my bath when my imagination ran riot creating my own private world of pleasure. 

The underwear was easy. I had in a mad moment pampered myself with a visit to a famous lingerie shop, indulging in a private fantasy, searching though a wonderland of soft delights until I found what I wanted, scraps of dark mistiness that set off my fair skin in delightful contrast. Slender filmy support for my small but well formed boobs and matching French knickers with a crotch that was really thong like!

But what to wear on top? Wicked thoughts made me tingle all over. Did I want to be slowly unwrapped like some precious cherished gift or would I prefer to have my clothes torn from me in a rage of passion? Or was I going to have any choice in the matter?

Then I realised that what I wore could help to decide the outcome. So I chose my little black cocktail dress. Tight around the bust and hips, it was almost knee length with a thin strap on each shoulder and a slightly daring cleavage. Just the thing to entice without being too easy to remove. It would definitely invite the slow lingering attention that my fantasies preferred. For a first date that is!

No stockings, it was a warm autumn evening and they might get in the way later on or so I hoped.

With my bomber jacket over my shoulders and my car keys I my hand I was on my way to meet my fate.

I made myself be five minutes late. Somehow it mattered that the scene already be set and the ambush laid before I arrived. In my mind the fantasy defined my role. 

The one I was meeting was the huntress and I was her prey and I felt a tingling shiver as I entered the meeting place.

It was full of the Saturday night crowd and I had to squeeze through to get to the bar. I made it and was about to attract the attention of the bar staff when a hand gently closed around my elbow. Warm perfumed breath caressed my cheek as she whispered.

"I've already ordered our drinks my darling, and I've got a nice comfortable place for the two of us."

Her hand slid down my arm and her fingers linked through mine as she led me unresisting to one of the alcoves around the corner from the bar. 

"You go first and I'll squeeze in after you. After all you are my guest and I want you to be nice and comfortable while we get to know each other."

The low double settee like seat with its padded back was up against the wall at my end and the table in front of me had just enough room for me to stretch my legs before my feet touched the partition opposite.

I was trapped, the ambush was sprung and she had me her power.

She turned towards me and I could feel her knee pressing into my right thigh. I flushed as I stared at her, confusion and perhaps even terror written on my face.

Her grey eyes locked on mine for a moment, then she smiled a broad smile that transformed the curve of her mouth into a welcome embrace of plush red lips and small white even teeth. 

"You can change places if you want but I think where you are is where you really want to be."

Lush dark hair surrounded an oval face, whose lines were accentuated by high cheekbones, a straight nose and dark deep-set eyes; eyes that twinkled with merriment as she returned my gaze.

"Will I do my darling? I'm Maria by the way and I really hope you do want to be here with me.

"Jean" I replied weakly then finding a little bit of courage from where I know not I lifted my glass in a sort of toast and let the words out.

"Yes Maria, I do want to be here, ever since you know when I have hardly thought of anything else.

She placed her hand gently on top of mine and looked at me very thoughtfully.

"And what thoughts were those my lovely Jean? And what are you feeling now?"

I blushed as I tried to put into words the fantasy that had kept me on the edge of arousal all afternoon.

"I don't know how to describe them really Maria, I was so excited as I watched what you were doing to that girl and there were all sorts of pictures in my head and feelings that kept me..."

Maria turned towards me and I could see a little pulse beating just above the little hollow above her collarbone. Her jacket was open and her breasts shaped the dark silk blouse, her nipples outlined against the material.

"Were you imagining yourself in her place my darling? Did you fantasize my soft touch on your thigh and wished it were so?"

I could only nod and bite my lower lip as I felt a hot flush explode in my stomach and race down to my centre.

I watched as Maria's long fingers slowly caressed the back of my hand.

"And how far did your fantasy take you Jean? Did you let it go only so far or did you want to let it take you all the way to wherever I wished?"

I looked into her face and I knew I was pleading with her to end my turmoil.

"Maria I wanted it to be me, I wanted to gasp and shiver as you explored me, I wanted you to take me, seduce me."

There I had said it. It was out in the open and now it was for her to accept or reject me in all my vulnerability. I had declared myself to be hers.

Her eyes roamed over my face then her lush red lips parted and she gave a long shuddering sigh and I felt my senses spin delightfully in her warm scented breath.

"Jean my darling, such honesty deserves a rich reward. Drink up my love, I'm taking you home with me!"

She stood and waited for me to extricate myself from the booth and then she reached out and drew me to her.

"I knew I had to have you as soon as I saw you" she whispered then I felt the fleeting caress of her tongue as she swirled it around my earlobe.

"Now it's too late. You can't escape and soon I'm going to very slowly eat you alive my darling."

We walked across the room hand in hand, she was leading me and I meekly followed. I was wet and shaking just from her words but I had a sense of contentment, I was safe in her clasp, I was hers and I was cherished.