 Less then six months after interviewing Bridget Young for the New_Times, she announced her retirement from adult movies. She was at the top and this took the industry by storm. Except for that comment, she refused to do any interviews, except with me. With a passport in one hand and a note pad in, the other I was off to Amsterdam to interview Bridget once again. Since my interview with her six months ago, we kept in touch with email and post cards. Her last movie she was working on came out one week after her announcement. It was called Bridget's Day and was only available in Europe. 

I had a room at the Palace Hotel, which was right across the street from the central train station in Amsterdam. It was a great location and I could not wait to get out and see the sights, but after a ten-hour flight and jet lag all I was able to do was take a shower and go to bed. I knew I was in Europe when I seen the bidet in the bathroom. I had to try it out. The warm stream of water felt pretty good. In fact, it felt great when I was able to get in the right position for the warm stream of water to squirt onto my clit. My legs shook as I tried to hold myself in a squatting position as I came. Gravity won out and I came crashing to the floor. Boy, that felt good, though. I pulled my wet and relaxed body to bed and slept for nine hours.

I was awaken by the phone. It was the front desk telling me that Bridget Young was there to see me. I asked them to send her to my room. I grabbed a white robe from the bathroom and prepared for my interview.

I opened the door and there was Bridget, dressed like a little schoolgirl. She looked so different from the last time I seen her. When she was on the set for "Toys not Boys", she was the one dressed in the white robe.

"It is great to see you again," I told her as she walked into my hotel suite. "Please set over by the window, the light will be better for me to take notes." I told her.

"You were so nice to me on the last interview I wanted to only give you my interview on why I retired." She told me. "I am ready to begin when you are ready."

Amy: Can you tell me what happened on the set of your last movie?

Bridget: Well it was called Bridget's Day and was based on me as a younger girl going to stay with my Aunt. It starts with me waking up and hearing my Aunt and Uncle fucking. I slip out of bed and go over and watch. As I am rubbing myself, my Aunt catches me. I immediately run back into my room. My Aunt comes in and is yelling at me and she decides she will teach me a lessen. She comes back into my room with this strap-on dildo. Because I was rubbing myself, I was pretty wet. Without any hesitation, she begins to fuck me. She fucks me hard and deep. When she is done, she unstraps the dildo but leaves it still inside of me. She then straps it on to me. This keeps the dildo inside of me and looks like I am wearing this rubber panty.

Amy: I have never seen one like that before.

Bridget: Me either. The director brought in special for me. After it was strapped on, I was told to get dressed. Now in most movies when the scene ends everything stops. What the director wanted was this to look like it was a day in my life. So, I went from being in the bed to getting dressed. I then rode a bike for about a mile to this old school. It was hard because every time I hit a bump the dildo would slam inside of me. I tried to ride standing up and the dildo would slide out just a bit, but then slam back up into me. When I got to the school this actress dressed as a nurse was there to greet me. She took me into her office and I told me my Aunt called her and that she was to give me a good fucking. She proceeds to unstrap the dildo and straps it on herself and continues to fuck me like my Aunt did. I asked the director if we could break and she told me no. 

Amy: Oh the Director was a woman?

Bridget: Yes, Gretchen Schmidt. I was told she was a different kind of director. She liked to create movies that nobody else thought of making.

Amy: So what happened after the director would not stop.

Bridget: I was then brought into the girl's shower where there were three other girls. I was then told I had to fuck them all. The first girl was on her knees and I did her doggy style. I was told that a fluffer came in before me and got all the girls ready so they would be wet and ready for me.

Amy: What is a fluffer?

Bridget: A fluffer is a person, usually a woman who gets the actors ready for their scene. If the actor is a man they make sure they can get a hardon. With women they make sure we are nice and wet. 

Amy: Oh okay. So you were doing the girl's in the shower.

Bridget: Right, well the second girl rode me so all I had to do was lie down on my back and watch her fuck the dildo. This gave me a little break. Then the third girl, Anne, she was laying on her back on the bench. She held her knees together so I had to work at spreading her legs. As I was getting into position, she kept saying "Ich bin eine Jungfrau, Ich bin eine Jungfrau." 

Amy: What does that mean?

Bridget: I am a virgin.

Amy: Was she?

Bridget: I thought this was just part of the movie, but I found out later she really was. 

Amy: Why did she do the movie?

Bridget: I talked to Anne after the shooting and she told me the director knew she was a virgin and said she had a special dildo that would collapse when it entered her. She told her that I would not pop her cherry. After the scene, she told her she lied because she wanted to capture the truth of her deflowering. When her hymen broke, Anne was upset. I thought this was just an act and continued to fuck her. The director kept encouraging me to go deeper and harder "That's it Bridget fuck that little virgin." She would say. After that scene, the nurse strapped the dildo back inside me and I had to ride the bike back to the first set, my Aunt's house. In the next scene, my Aunt takes the dildo off of me and tells me she has a surprise. In walks Hans Strausmen. He is the biggest dick in Europe.

Amy: I thought you did not do sex with men?

Bridget: I don't but the director told me to do it anyways. She wanted to be the first director to get a boy/girl scene with the famous Bridget Young. It was hurting because my pussy was so worn out from the dildo being in me all day.

Amy: Is this wear it ended. 

Bridget: No. Hans moves in front of me so I can suck his cock. As I am doing this, he is playing with my ass. I can feel he is ready to cum but he has good control that he stops. Then he moves behind me and before I know it, he is getting ready to fuck my ass. I have never taken anything in my butt before and he was too big to fit. I was in pain as he got two inches inside of me. It took a lot of relaxation on my part and a lot of lube for him to get eight inches in. He then took it out and put it into my pussy. And he fucked me there for a while and then back to my ass. As I said before he had, great control and he fucked me that way for over 30 minutes. He then slammed back into my pussy and shot his load. All of this bothered me because he was not using a condom and because I do not have sex with men, I am not on the pill. I was afraid of getting pregnant or catching some disease.

Amy: What did the director say?

Bridget: She said he wanted her movie to be believable. That is why she lied to the Germen girl and why she did those things to me. She felt if I had a sore pussy, the audience would believe me more. 

Amy: This sounds like a terrible movie.

Bridget: The sad thing is that this is the number one movie in Europe. Not just adult movie but for all movies. It is making a lot of money. This is why this is my last movie. The audience wants more and more and at what cost? A lot of pains from people like Anne and me. I am finished making movies.

Amy: What are you going to do?

Bridget: Well a job at Dutch Girl is always available. Maybe I will go back to writing advice columns. 

This is where our interview ended. I put down my pencil and gave Bridget a big hug. I was feeling like she needed a big sister at this point. I had enough of a story to satisfy my editor. I had not noticed that my robe had come open until Bridget commented on my breast. As I tried to close my robe, Bridget stopped me and gently kissed my neck. Up to this point, I have had only one sexual experience and that was with a boy in the back seat of a car. I decided to let nature take its course and let Bridget lead me.

She continued to kiss my neck as she pushed me down on the bed. Her mouth moved up to reach mine as we kissed, open mouth and wanting. I could feel my heart racing as our passion grew. Her fingers were now between my legs as Bridget rubbed me. Oh, God I need this I need this badly. Bridget was now fingering my wet cunt. Bringing me closer to my climax. Our tongues were wrapped together as I exploded but instead of crashing to the floor like I had done when using the bidet, I melted into Bridget's arms.

After about five minutes, Bridget walked over to the door. I asked her to stay but she said she needed to put all of this behind her and that included me. My interview with Bridget made all the papers and my editor was very pleased. All of my attempts to contact Bridget have failed. Bridget did not return back to the Dutch Girl Magazine as she said she might. She has dropped out of sight. I believe Bridget has put all of this behind her and has moved on with her life. I only wished that I was not left behind with everything else.