 I ran away from friends, activists, and reporters who were surrounding me, and headed for the room where they kept Raana in the hospital. As the first lesbian couple to get a legal marriage in our small town, we have been on the news even before today's incident, and I was already fed up with the annoying reporters or the activists who wanted to turn our planned wedding into a big LGBT testimonial.

The doctors assured me that Raana was fine, and said that they had given her some sedatives to help her get past the initial shock. On my way to the room, people congratulated me and called me a hero. I couldn't see what was so heroic about what I did today, though. From my perspective, defending Raana was the same as defending my own life, because if anything happened to her, I simply would have killed myself.

Throughout my childhood and adolescent years, I was an angry and frustrated soul. My father, who had quit the Marine Corps to raise me by himself, always had to deal with the parents of other children who had a fight with me, the teachers who were fed up with my troublesome behavior, and even his police friends one time when I broke a boy's jaw for catcalling after me. Dad remained patient and understanding, and even taught me himself how to fight better. But he was not enough.

When it was time to go to college, dad advised that I was too crazy and rebellious for anything but art. It turned out that I was also too crazy for art and I would have dropped out of college to pursue my tattooing business, if I did not meet Raana there.

When I first met her in a workshop, she looked so boring in her conservative outfit, and I dismissed her as a Plain Jane. We were supposed to do nudes, and our model was late. Since I was not in the mood for drawing that day, I volunteered to model for the rest of the class. I slipped out of my jean and T-shirt, and throw my underwear on the pile of my clothes. I sat on a stool, yawned, and waited for the others to start the work.

When the session was finished, the students were invited to demonstrate their works all around the studio and give feedback to each other. I got dressed and after skipping mediocre portrays of myself by most of the students, I finally was frozen in front of a piece of art, laid humbly on the floor. 

With a bunch of confident and free lines, the artist had managed to capture all the important shadows and the mood. The technique was extraordinary, but what really amazed me was the way I was depicted. While in all other works the students had tried to express their prejudiced views about my tattooed body and unruly red hair through grotesque and exaggerated shapes and lines, this artist had managed to find a very deep and personal sense of beauty in the my pile of bone and skin. Through the eyes of this artist, I was beautiful, calm, and alright. When I asked about the artist, they pointed to a slender girl whose black curls reached her back, and who was clad in a conservative outfit.

After a long conversation in a cafeteria, I invited her to my studio, where she did some more sketches of me, and with my erotic poses and her focus on my lips, erect nipples, firm ass, and long thighs, there was no need for any verbal seduction. We just got entangled on the floor, and the magic started happening.

When she held me down, looked me in the eyes, and panted with excitement and need, I could hear my heart pounding like crazy. Her breasts kept going up and down with her fast breathing and I wanted her to devour me already. But she liked it slow and started eating me inch by inch, and when her tongue neared my crotch, I was out of my mind, begging her to allow me the release that I craved with all my existence.

Before Raana, sex was just like scratching an itch. Whenever I got horny, I would pick up someone for the night and forget about it for weeks. But from my first sex with Raana, I realized that this won't be a one night thing. I saw what I have been missing all my life, and I could not wait for our next time together.

It did not take us long to realize that we had found the love of our life, and after a few months, we eventually decided to move in together. It was not so easy for Raana, though. While all I had to do was just telling my dad about my new address, Raana had to go through hell with her traditional mother, Fuzia. 

Raana, who was just too honest and proud to try to come up with a lie, decided to tell Fuzia the truth, and face the consequences. Raana had to face anger, threat, insult, and eventually expulsion from her family. 

It was hard for Raana, but at least, we had each other, enjoyed our heavenly peace, and planned for the future. About a month ago, we told our families about our intention to get married and start a family, indicating that we had reached the point of no return. And that, again, had consequences for Raana.

This morning, when I returned home to grab something, I saw two stranger men standing in the living room, surrounding Raana. She was naked, kneeling on the floor, her hands pulled wide open by the ropes. Her head was hanging and her back was covered with welt marks. One man was holding a whip, and the other was holding a book.

Now that I look back, I am amazed by the cold determination that took over my dread. Equipped with my fighter instincts and the trainings from my father, I immediately scanned the room and spotted a gun resting on a table. The man holding the whip followed my gaze and we both jumped for the gun. I was faster. I hit my opponent with the pistol grip, but not strong enough to make him unconscious. He shook his head, yelled, and made another jump at me. I shot him between the eyes.

The man holding the book, apparently had strong feelings for the whip holder, because he wailed and ignoring the gun, he ran toward me. He got a bullet in his heart.

I remember clearly the smell of gunpowder, because I took a deep breath after holding it for long. When I made sure that there was no one else in the apartment, I dropped the gun and ran to Raana to check her vitals. The feel of her irregular pulse under my fingers was the most relieving experience of my entire life.

I untied Raana's hands and carried her to our bed, called nine-one-one, and returned to the living room to check on the two strangers. No pulse there. Good. 

No one lashes my baby.

As I entered Raana's room in the hospital, I was alerted to see a veiled figure standing by her bed. I tensed and moved to put myself between the woman and Raana, but from another corner of the room, I heard the calm voice of the police guard.

"It's OK, Miss Jenkins. It's her mother."

It was our first meeting, and I stared at her masked head for a few seconds, then turned to the guard.

"She is not so different from the attackers. I wonder if she regrets that they did not succeed."

Fuzia rushed to me and I gave me a hard slap, which made me lose balance. I steadied myself and closed my feasts, getting ready to respond, but the guard blocked my way and yelled at Fuzia to keep calm. He made us sit on the opposite sides of the bed. After a few moments of silence, Fuzia cleared her throat and spoke with a thick accent.

"I was told that you can speak our language. Is that right?"

"I love Raana's mother tongue, like every other thing about her." I replied in that language.

She considered that for some moments, then continued the conversation in the rhythmic and magic words of Raana's languages.

"I am terribly sorry for slapping you. I owe you for saving my daughter's life. But your words were just too hideous."

After giving it some thought, I apologized too. I have been always stubborn and proud, but I also knew that it was always better to apologize as soon as you realize that you have wronged someone, because it wouldn't get easier if you delay it. 

She nodded once and I assumed that my apology was accepted. All in all, this was not the best way to meet your future mother-in-law for the first time. We remained quiet for some moments, but I could not bear the awkward silence.

"How did you find out about the accident?" I asked with in a reproachful tone.

After Raana and I decided to get married, she regularly tried to contact Fuzia and invite her, even if it meant being rejected over and over. Being cast out by the rest of the family, Raana had no way of knowing how Fuzia was dealing with the situation, and it worried her very much. So my question was more out of anger and accusation, rather than genuine curiosity. Fuzia ignored my tone.

"The attackers were Raana's uncles. I came here with their families, who are now in the mortuary, mourning. The two fools went to your apartment to execute the traditional punishment for lesbianism. I know that this is beyond your understanding, but they really thought that they were saving her soul before sending her to the other world."

I gritted my teeth.

"Tell their family that I also tried to help the two men, and that I freed them from their worthless and miserable existence."

I bit my tongue after hearing myself saying that, recognizing how inconsiderate it would be to taunt a mourning family. I was ready for another reproach from her, but she just shrugged.

"Fair enough. Someone would have shot them sooner or later. What really bothers me is that how excited you seem to be about what happened today."

She extended her gloved hand from under her veil, and caressed Raana's cheek. Her voice was shaking now.

"My little girl was tortured and was almost killed."

She stopped and I could only guess that she is trying to suppress a sob. I was wordless and almost felt ashamed. Apparently I was still under the influence of adrenaline, and did not feel the enormity of the danger. I was trying to come up with something in response, but I was distracted when Raana made a little movement. Fuzia stood.

"This childish game of you two girls has gotten too serious. There is no longer any hope for restitution."

When Fuzia moved toward the door, I called after her.

"Won't you wait until she wakes? She really misses you."

She shook her head.

"If she really cared about me, she wouldn't have humiliated me in front of my entire family. As a mother, I will never want her to get hurt, but that does not mean that she is forgiven."

She gave Raana a last look.

"I would have asked you to take care of my daughter, but who am I kidding? You are the main reason that she is on that bed, instead of in the safety of her mother's home. All I can do for her now, is to keep praying."

I would have retorted with something stingy in any other situation, but I did not want to worsen things between the mother and daughter. When Fuzia left, I asked the guard to give me some privacy with Raana. He smiled and left without a word. When I sat on the bed by her side, Raana's breathing became faster. She started shaking her head, called her mother a few times, and mumbled things like "Just kill me already you cowards..." or "I'm from your own flesh and blood."

I felt an urge to go the morgue and shoot the attackers again and again. But right now, I knew that I needed another kind of courage. I tried hard to bring a smile on my face, and keep it there until Raana opens her eyes. After jerking her head for a few times and straining her arms against the imaginary bondage for some seconds, she finally opened her eyes and gasped like someone surfacing from deep water. Her eyes detected my face, and locked in on my eyes. In those black pearls, I could see my smiling face. She raised her hands with some effort and touched my cheek, as if checking if I was real.

"I thought I would never see you again."

My vision got blurry, and I knew that if she kept looking at me that way, I wouldn't be able to stay calm. She held my face with both hands and pulled me down and gave me a very gentle kiss on the lips. When I lost control and my shoulders started to shake, she took me into her embrace and kept caressing my hair until I dried my eyes.

Lying by her side on the bed, I recounted the all the things that happened when she was unconscious. She had a cold expression the whole time, until I mentioned my encounter with her mother. I was tempted to leave out some of the words that her mother had said, but I knew she wanted every detail, and I could not deny her anything. She shook her head when I was finished.

"She won't talk to me when I am happy and well, and refuses to see me unless I am hurt. At least now I know how to get her attention."

She looked at the ceiling for some minutes, and then forced a smile on her face. She turned to me and gazed into my eyes.

"You will be always there for me." She said, reading what was on my mind.

She gave me another kiss, this time with an ocean of passion that made me forget everything else. We kept kissing and would have gone further if we were not interrupted. I heard my father's voice from the corridor and I knew the poor guard could not hold him out for long. When he came in, he looked scared and angry, and I knew how hard he is trying to control his emotions. He first went to Raana and kissed her forehead, and when he made sure that she was feeling better, he turned to me. I was afraid that he might lift me in the air, like he always did when I did something wild as a kid, but he only put his hand on my shoulder.

"Your mother would have been proud." 

He said that in his curt military manner, and hugged me before leaving in a rush. Although his words filled my heart with pride and a melancholic longing that was associated with the memory of my mom, I wished that he did not say that in front of Raana, whose mother was far from being proud of her.

After Raana was discharged from the hospital, we decided to go to my father's house, because ousr apartment was now a crime scene, and also because I felt safer with him. Although it was not Raana's first time at our home and I had already shown her everything, it still felt a little weird to spend the night there.

As soon as we were in my bedroom, she took off her clothes and tossed them on my bed. She sauntered around the room and touched my childhood stuff, and finally stopped in front of my mother's picture on the wall. When I went behind her, I could not help but stare at the welt marks on her back, which she seemed to have forgotten about. She caressed my mother's picture, as if marking it as hers, and welcoming it into her territory. She turned to me, and caressed my face.

"You had slain monsters for me, my warrior. Do want your reward?" She said in a ragged voice.

From the fire in her eyes, I knew that this time, she wanted it rough. I stripped slowly, trembling with anticipation. When I offered her my nude body, she pushed me on the bed, making me fall on my front. She grabbed my wrists and tied them behind my back. In a moment, I could feel her hot breath on my neck. When she started massaging my pussy and nibbling on my earlobe, I forgot that I was in my father's home, and started moaning with abandon.

During the next day, Raana grew restless and kept asking me about the smallest details of her mother's visit. In the afternoon, she was pacing across the living room, clutching her phone, as if it was a syringe in the hands of a struggling drug addict. She finally dialed, and her face lit up when her mother answered.

"Ashley told me that you were in the hospital. Why didn't you wait for me to wake?"

The answer, whatever it was, darkened Raana's face.

"How can you say that? I have not forgotten that you had to fight for my education, for my freedom, and for everything else. I am grateful, because all your sacrifices had led me to be where I am today, to realize who I am, and to find the love of my life."

She stopped for a few second to listen, and the signs of deep misery appeared in her face.

"Of course I know that my actions have consequences for you, and that it would make it harder for other girls in the family to continue their education. But as I have told you before, the solution is not to bow down to the men so that they might let us have our basic rights."

Another pause, and the lines on Raana's forehead got deeper, and her eyes became full of tears.

"Love is not just devil's temptation, it is a gift from God. And yes, I am ready to sacrifice everything for this love. I would give up my family, my religion, and my life so that I can be with Ashley, even if it's only..."

She was interrupted again and her face went white. She fell on her knees, and after a wail, smashed the phone on the hard floor. I knelt down by her and asked her what was wrong.

"She just disowned me" she answered me through sobs.

Up until now, the only small shred of hope in Raana's heart was that her mother had not disowned her. This act that was the worst thing that a parent could do to her child in their culture, and was believed to condemn the child to the worst destiny. I was desperate to find words that might sooth her, but I knew that she was bleeding in her heart, and that she was suffering a pain that was far worse than the lashes. I helped her to my room, and stayed with her until she cried herself to sleep. When her breathing got deep and slow, I left the bed, and grabbed dad's car keys. 

I parked the car in front of Fuzia's house, and stayed there for a few minutes to reign in my wild emotions. I have been in this neighborhood once with Raana and she had shown me her mother's house from a distance. According to her, after the beginning of a civil war, her father and many other members of his family had fled from their country. After getting asylum in the States, the big family had chosen our small town for settlement. They have tried to stick with their traditions, and that made their community secluded from the rest of the town. 

I got out of the car and passed the lawn to reach the front door, and before having any chance to ring the bell, I saw that the door was opened by a frowning maid.

"The lady of the house does not want to meet you. Please leave now."

The maid wanted to close the door, but I prevented it.

"Tell Fuzia that I won't leave until she hears what I have to say."

The maid shrugged and closed the door. I stood there for a few minutes, and when nothing happened, I sat in front of the door. This attracted the attention of the passersby, some of whom were clad in traditional clothes and veils. They were not shy of pointing at me and whispering things among themselves. I was considering giving up, when finally the door was opened and the maid reluctantly invited me in.

Although Raana had told me about the masterful way that her mother had decorated their house, I was astonished when I stepped inside it. It was like passing through a secret gateway and entering another dimension. The combination of warm colors in the carpets, the tapestries, and furniture, and the smell of burning oud, made me imagine that I was in Raana's country, in a time that it was still peaceful.

I followed the maid to the living room, where Fuzia was waiting for us. Without her veil and in her silk dress, she looked more like a queen, rather than a refugee resting at her home. Despite the shocking similarity between her face and Raana's, there was a sharp contrast between the cynicism in Fuzia's eyes, and the generous love in the eyes of her daughter. She did not make any move to welcome or even acknowledge my entrance. 

"You disowned Raana." I stated in English, knowing that I would not be so eloquent otherwise.

Fuzia gazed into my eyes for a few moments, pressing her lips hard. She spoke in her native language, too.

"Haven't your mother thought you to greet and address your seniors properly?"

"My mother never had a chance to teach me anything. She was raped and murdered in our house when I was only two years old. So, please forgive my vulgarity, and explain to me how a mother can disown an angel like Raana."
