 This story is the third in a series involving some of the same characters. Although it isn't absolutely necessary to read the previous two, I would advise it in order to get a feeling for the relationships between the characters. They can be found in my profile. 1. Hidden Pleasures 2. The desire.

I welcome any feedback, good or bad.

I'd like to thank Cubius for editing this story(pointing out my love for the comma).

I hope you enjoy.

*

1.

A buzzing alarm clock shattered the stillness of a Sunday morning and arm reached out from underneath a tangle of sheets to swat at the offending sound. After several attempts, the woman was successful and quiet was restored once again.

Tess O'Brien yawned and stretched her limbs, feeling a slight twinge between her legs as she did so. Suddenly, her eyes shot open and she sat straight up.

"Holy shit!" she exclaimed, "It wasn't a dream after all."

She lifted the sheet and looked down at her body. Everything seemed to be in order, but the ache persisted.

Tess flopped back onto the bed, covering her face with her hands.

"What a night," she said to the empty room.

Thinking back, she tried to piece things together when suddenly; it all came rushing back to her. She remembered the party, the drinks, the music, and the people. She remembered the sultry Latina, Eve. She remembered her so-workers, Jennifer and Will.

"Will," she said quietly to herself, "it's no wonder I'm sore."

No one would ever guess that a seemingly average, unassuming man like Will Davis could have such an enormous secret.

She laughed at her unintentional pun. Enormous hardly began to describe the size of Will's penis. Tess had never seen, let alone experienced anything that large in her life. He had tried to be gentle with her when they had sex the previous evening, but it was difficult with something that big.

As Tess lay there, she wondered if she'd ever be normal again.

"I need a coffee," she said at last.

Tess flipped back the sheets and swung her legs off the side of the bed, sitting there for a moment. She sighed and ran long fingers through her disheveled hair, trying to arrange it in some semblance of order.

As Tess walked slowly to the kitchen, every step she took caused her a bit of discomfort.

While the coffee was brewing she decided to jump in the shower for a quick wash. The steamy hot water felt wonderful and she emerged several minutes later, feeling refreshed.

Wrapped in her favourite robe, Tess poured herself a coffee in the largest mug she could find. She grabbed her phone from the countertop and sat in a chair by the window, staring out at the bright sunny morning.

Turning on her phone she found two missed calls, both from her friend Jennifer Stokes. At that very moment the phone rang, startling her and she nearly dropped it. A quick glance at the screen showed it was Jennifer again.

Tess was just about to answer when the events of the previous night flashed through her mind. The things she had done with her friend. To her friend. Things she never dreamed of doing. Wonderful, sexy, dirty things.

At the thought of what she'd done Tess blushed bright red, and put the phone down quickly. She just couldn't speak to Jenn right now. It wasn't as though she was ashamed of what had happened. Tess had been a very willing participant, but she didn't want to talk about it either. Not yet at least.

Tess was feeling a little hungry now and decided to make some toast to go with a second cup of coffee. She listened to the voice mail Jennifer had left while she waited.

"Hi Tess, its Jennifer. I just wanted to make sure you're okay after, well, after last night....you know. I had a great time and I hope you did too, but I haven't heard from you so I thought maybe not, or maybe you did. Oh God, now I'm rambling. Anyway, give me a call when you can."

Tess smiled. At least she wasn't the only one feeling flustered.

She returned to her chair, munching absentmindedly on a piece of toast.

It took awhile, but Tess finally got up the nerve to return Jennifer's call. She fidgeted as she waited for an answer, and on the firth ring, Jennifer picked up.

"Hello?"

"Hi Jenn, its Tess."

"Tess! How are you?" Jennifer asked. "Is everything okay?"

"Oh yes, I just slept in. Crazy late night and all," Tess replied.

"Good, I was getting a little worried when you didn't return my calls," said Jennifer, with a sigh of relief.

She had been afraid that Tess was so freaked out over their encounter that she wouldn't call at all. It was Jennifer that had invited Tess to the party in the hopes of getting her naked after all. Tess had no idea what she was walking into, although she seemed to enjoy herself in the end.

"So...last night," Tess said meekly.

"Last night. Yes...," Jennifer said, letting her answer hang there, waiting for Tess to continue.

"It was...," Tess began again. "Nice."

"Nice," Jennifer repeated.

"No, not nice," Tess said quickly. "I mean, yes it was, but, I mean..."

"Yes?"

"I mean," Tess said, trying to explain herself, but getting more frustrated by the second. She finally blurted out, "For Christ's sake Jenn, I fucked your mouth and I loved it!"

"Well...that was unexpected."

"Oh God, I can't believe I said that!" exclaimed Tess.

"It's okay," Jennifer replied. "I was worried you were traumatized or something and didn't want to talk to me ever again."

"No, no, I'm good, really," Tess assured her.

"I'm so pleased to hear that."

"I'll admit I was a little shocked at first," said Tess. "I mean, it certainly wasn't your average house party. Although," she continued, "I should have known something was up when you didn't include panties with the outfit you sent me."

Both women laughed, and any uncomfortable tension was completely gone now.

"So we're good?" asked Jennifer.

"Absolutely, although I can't say the same for my crotch. Will did a number on me and I don't think I'll be able to walk normal for a few days," said Tess, gingerly placing her hand over the sensitive spot between her legs.

"I know what you mean," Jennifer replied. "I thought he was going to break me in two that first time in Paris. It was better the second and third time," she added with a chuckle.

"Once was enough for me, thank you very much. I think I'll stick with normal sized dicks from now on," Tess said. "But I thoroughly enjoyed the rest of my evening."

Jennifer was saying something, but Tess had drifted off and didn't hear her. She was thinking about standing in that darkened bedroom, naked, in front of her friend. She remembered the feel of Jennifer's touch; her fingers, her lips, her tongue. She had been scared and excited, both at the same time. Last night was the first time another woman had touched her like that and she had loved every last second of it.

Tess was still holding the phone to her ear but she wasn't listening. Her eyes were closed and her other hand had found its way to the opening of her robe.

Her fingers grazed the soft tuft of flaming pubic hair, just as Jennifer had done. Tess' hand moved further down, her middle finger tracing over the tender lips to discover she was very moist.

She could feel her nipples stiffen and wished Jennifer was once again sucking them into her warm mouth.

Slowly moving her finger up and down, Tess imagined her friend doing the same thing to her. With every other stroke she dipped that finger into herself, the juices flowing freely now, trickling down, over her pink rosebud.

Tess was so caught up in her fantasy; she didn't notice that Jennifer had stopped talking. It was her name being repeated loudly that snapped Tess from her daydream.

"Tess!"Jennifer's voice yelled through the phone. "Tess, are you still there?"

"What? Yes. Yes I'm here," she mumbled, still caught up in her thoughts. "Sorry, what were you saying, my mind was elsewhere," apologized Tess, as she reluctantly removed the probing digit and straightened her robe.

"I was asking if you wanted to meet for coffee later."

"I'd love to. When and where?" asked Tess.

Jennifer gave her the details and they agreed to meet later that afternoon.

2.

Jennifer arrived at the coffee house first and found a small table off to the side near a large window with a view of the street. She was dressed casually in tight jeans, running shoes, and a white t-shirt. Her dark hair was pulled back in a ponytail.

She sat down just in time to watch Tess cross the road, and waved her over when she entered the building.

Jennifer's gaze followed Tess as she wove her way through the maze of tables, moving gracefully through the crowd of people. She wore a short black skirt, a cream coloured blouse, and tan ankle boots. Her fiery locks hung loose, framing her face beautifully.

Jennifer stood and the women embraced, Tess giving her friend a quick peck on the cheek before sitting.

They sat there for a moment, smiling at one another but neither said a word. The tension from earlier had suddenly returned. It was funny that only a few hours earlier, these two women had been a tangle of arms and legs with nothing between them but the sweat on their naked bodies. Now it seemed as though the gap between them was a mile wide. The silence became more uncomfortable with each passing second until Tess said, "So..."

"So...," Jennifer repeated.

A moment later, both women burst out laughing.

They ordered coffee and biscotti and spent the better part of the next half hour chatting about nothing in particular. At last, the conversation turned to the events of the previous evening.

"How often do these parties take place?" Tess asked.

"Honestly, I have no idea," Jennifer answered. "I've only been to two of them. The first was in Paris, and of course last night. The party in Paris was completely different though."

"Different in what way?" asked Tess, sipping her drink.

"There were hundreds of people at that one, and it felt more formal," Jennifer explained. "Well, formal isn't actually the right word. Last night was much more relaxed. The best way to describe them would be a fancy dress ball and a house party."

"Hmmm, I see," said Tess. She seemed to be thinking about something. "And is Will always the host of these parties?"

"That's what he told me," Jennifer said. "Why do you ask?"

"Do you remember sitting on the couch, watching that couple have sex?"

"A lot of people were having sex my dear, that's the whole idea," teased Jennifer.

"Really?" Tess asked sarcastically, receiving a smile from Jennifer. "Anyway, the girl was facing the wall and had a gold chain around her waist, attached to her nipple rings. The guy was doing her from behind," she explained.

"Oh yes, now I remember," said Jennifer, "What do they have to do with Will?"

"Well, I was wondering if I described the couple, could he tell me who they are," Tess said. "I'd really like one."

"You'd like what? The chain or the fuck?"

Tess laughed. "Both actually! That guy was really hot."

Jennifer smiled but shook her head slightly. "I doubt he'd give you any names. He might know them, but that's a big part of it, the anonymity. It can't hurt to ask though."

"Okay."

"Will told me that he knows most of the guests. He's mainly there to make sure everything goes smoothly but that he rarely gets involved," said Jennifer.

"He got pretty involved ramming that huge penis into me," Tess whispered, making them both laugh again.

"Apparently that isn't a regular occurrence. We must be special," said Jennifer with a wink.

"Do you think you might go to another one of these parties in the future?" Tess asked, sipping her coffee.

"If I'm invited, I'd jump at the chance. They've certainly been an eye opener," Jennifer replied, "and only if you come with me."

Tess smiled at her friend.

"But I don't mean we have to, you know be together, just that we both go."

Tess continued to smile and listened with amusement as her friend rambled on.

"Not that I wouldn't like to be with you," Jennifer continued. "If you want, that is. I had a great time, and I think you did too, but.."

Tess reached over, placing her hand on Jennifer's arm, cutting her off mid sentence.

"I'd love to go with you Jenn," Tess said. She gave Jennifer's hand a squeeze and in a hushed voice said, "and be with you again too."

Jennifer's eyes lit up at this and she took Tess' hand in both of hers. "We better call Will right away then," she said with a mischievous grin.

3.

After leaving the coffee house, Jennifer and Tess parted ways, both having errands to run. They said their goodbyes, hugging a fraction longer than most friends do and agreed to meet the following lunch hour for their regular workout.

Jennifer picked up a few groceries for dinner that night, then rode the subway home.

It started raining as she exited the station and by the time Jennifer ran the short distance to her apartment, she was soaked and freezing.

A middle aged man coming out of the elevator on the ground floor could not have been any more obvious as he stared at Jennifer's drenched white t-shirt, clinging to her chest.

Unfortunately for her, the thin bra she wore under the shirt did little to hide the dark circles of her erect nipples.

Jennifer glared at the man and he scurried off across the lobby like a scared little child and out the front door.

When she got to her apartment she kicked off her shoes, dropped the groceries in the kitchen, and headed for a hot shower.

As the water cascaded over her body, Jennifer relaxed, the heat chasing away the chill from the rain. She stood there for several minutes, enjoying the warmth as it poured down from the large shower head in the ceiling.

Her thoughts soon drifted to Tess. The two women hadn't known each other very long but she felt a strong connection to the beautiful redhead. It wasn't just physical, although she tingled every time she thought of her friend's naked body. It was also a mental and emotional connection.

Jennifer cared for Tess a great deal, and sex with her was amazing, but she would always love a handsome man with a hard cock.

The past month had been a real awakening for Jennifer sexually. The voyeurism, group sex, and her first experience with another woman, were all new to her.

While Jennifer washed herself, thoughts of hard cock and wet pussy filled her head. That, along with the way her hands moved over her soapy skin made her incredibly horny.

She closed her eyes as one hand slid over her round ass and moaned when she pushed a finger into her tight hole.

"Ohh damn that's good," she mumbled.

Ever since Will had put that sparkly plug in her, Jennifer had fantasized about anal sex. It was a new sensation for her, but she loved how the plug filled her and longed for someone to fuck her ass. For now though, her finger would suffice.

She bent forward a little and imagined a strong man behind her, holding her hips firmly as he slowly fed his steely cock into her. Jennifer began sliding her finger in and out of herself, arching her back and pushing her ass out at the same time.

"That's it baby, fuck my tight ass!" she urged her imaginary lover.

She tried to add a second finger, but it wouldn't go in. That was something she'd have to work on she thought to herself.

Jennifer was breathing quicker as her excitement grew. She couldn't believe how incredible this felt and she desperately needed to cum soon.

Grabbing the hand held shower head from the wall; she aimed the pulsing spray directly at her engorged clit and gasped as the water hit the sensitive nub. With both the jet of water and the finger pumping her ass, she was quickly nearing orgasm.

"Oh...oh yes...a little more!" she managed between gasping breaths.

She could feel the climax building like butterflies in her stomach and pushed her finger deeper, wiggling it around.

"Yes!...Yes!" she shouted as she came hard. "Aaahhhhh!"

Her asshole clamped down on the probing digit and the shower wand slipped from her hand, clattering on the tile floor. Pinpoints of light flashed behind her closed eyelids and Jennifer reached for the wall to steady herself as her legs wobbled, threatening to give out. Sinking to the floor, she sat there breathing hard as the steamy water poured down over her from above.

When Jennifer recovered enough to stand, she dried off and threw on some warm comfy clothes. She made herself something to eat and spent the rest of the evening lounging in front of the TV, dreaming about the future.

4.

Just after twelve noon the next day, Jennifer met Tess in the stairwell on the ground floor of the building where they both worked. They had made this stair climbing workout a regular thing, meeting most days if possible.

The beginning of their friendship was due in part to Jennifer's exercise routine. If she hadn't popped into the ladies room to check her hair a few weeks earlier, they would have most likely never met.

As they reached the third floor landing, Tess turned and said, "Oh, I spoke with Will earlier and he basically said the same thing you did. He can't give me any names, but he said that he would look into it and get back to me."

"At least you tried."

"I know, but I really like that chain," said Tess as they continued up the next flight of stairs. "I think I might have to get hoops to go with it though, I'm not sure if the piercings I have will work."

"You know, I had no idea your nipples were pierced before the other night."

"I've had them for years now," Tess replied. "I did it when I was in college. My roommate and I both got it done after a long night out at the bars. One of those things you do when too much alcohol is involved, although I don't regret it."

"Did it hurt?" Jennifer asked. "I think it would hurt." She put her hands over her breasts defensively as she said this.

"I won't lie to you, it did hurt a bit a first, but it was well worth it in the long run. My nipples are much more sensitive now," Tess said.

"This might be a strange request but, can I have a better look at them some time?" Jennifer asked. "I was a little preoccupied the other night."

In answer to Jennifer's question, Tess stopped, turned, and lifted her blouse and bra in one motion. Her firm breasts popped free of their confinement and Jennifer just stared open mouthed at the pale globes.

Jennifer couldn't recall exactly what piercings Tess had that night at the party, she had been too caught up in the excitement of their encounter to remember a lot of details.

Today though, Tess had a silver barbell through the centre of each light pink nipple. Both ends were capped with bright blue jewels that matched the redhead's eyes.

For some reason, Jennifer couldn't take her eyes off those perfect mounds. It wasn't as though she hadn't seen these amazing breasts before. They had been in her hands and mouth very recently, but she was mesmerized all the same.

Tess broke the spell by saying, "Go ahead, you can touch them if you want. Just be quick about it. I don't want to get caught and be the talk of the office," she said with a grin.

Jennifer slowly reached out and cupped both breasts, the skin warm and soft in her hands. Tess let out a low moan, her eyes rolling back in her head as her nipples stiffened at the touch. Jennifer brushed over them with her thumbs and watched as they grew even harder. Jennifer was squeezing gently, feeling the firmness of her friends wonderful tits when the bang of a door opening the floor below them startled her.

Jennifer yanked her hands away and Tess composed herself just in time.

An older man trudged up the stairs, greeting them as he passed, then said, "Damned doctor's orders. Take the stairs, it's good for you." He mumbled something else, but neither of them could make it out. They waited a minute for him to exit the stairwell before either said a word.
