 Cassie had a hard time sleeping that night. It felt as though she had something hard in the pit of her stomach. Maybe one of those spiky metal balls at the end of a mace. It was guilt, she supposed, but did guilt have to feel so physical? Maybe she was coming down with something. That would only be appropriate – a punishment for all the pleasures of the flesh she had so heedlessly enjoyed. 

Now she was thinking like a Victorian. Devin would have loved it. 

The problem was that there was still a part of her mind that insisted she hadn't done anything wrong. Yes, maybe she had treated Charlotte rudely, but what did she expect, after years of condescension and petty punishments? It wasn't fair, how someone could just decide they were your mother and that you owed them all of your daughterly love. Her father had consented to the marriage, of course, but nobody had ever asked Cassie whether she was willing to take on a new awful mother and an even worse sister. 

And Charlotte had always expected to be her mother. In those early months, when Cassie was still willing to give her a chance, she had taken her out every weekend on what she called "excursions", but were actually hopelessly dull trips to fabric stores and wineries in towns even smaller than theirs. She tried to start a conversation, but was ignorant of politics, out of touch with culture, and had a terrible sense of humour. She had nothing to talk about but supposedly funny stories of the scrapes Mindy had gotten into when she was a toddler. Cassie, meeker then, had spent weeks staring out the window uttering passive murmurs. It all ended when Charlotte had proposed the two of them joining a mother-daughter choir, and Cassie had flatly refused. 

Later on, she realized that her mother was trying to teach her femininity – not the sexy kind she saw on TV, but the middle-aged country kind of crafts and dinner parties and frumpy despair. Maybe she was trying to straighten Cassie up, or at least teach her how to pass. This realization made Cassie resent her stepmother even more. Who was Charlotte to judge that she wasn't enough of a girl? 

That had been the start of the resentment, then, which had blossomed into open hostility. And somehow it had got to the point where Cassie saw her every word as an assault, every instruction as something to rebel against. It must have been hard for Charlotte, Cassie admitted. But it was her fault too! All of the little demeaning remarks, the constant interrogations about her whereabouts, her college plans, the state of her room, the unpleasant vulgarity of her friends... Charlotte had made sure that this small-town house had never felt like home. And worse, she had never stepped in when Mindy had blatantly insulted Cassie, had always given her the TV or the car or the money for new clothes over Cassie, and had never made secret who she loved more. 

Well, that was just fine with Cassie. Charlotte could love who she wanted to love, as long as she didn't demand love from Cassie. She and Mindy deserved each other. 

It was easy to come to this conclusion, and it felt good to draw upon that store of pent-up frustration that she constantly visited. But it didn't make Cassie feel any better. She spent the night staring at her clock, rolling that spiked ball around in her stomach. When the sun came up, she was trying to figure out if she had slept at all. There were a couple of hours she couldn't account for, but she didn't feel rested at all. 

Cassie decided to get up, no matter how bad her body felt and how stormy her mind was. She wasn't getting to sleep with the sun streaming through her window. She got dressed and headed downstairs, hungering for some cereal or toast or maybe both. Hunger was another unpleasant side effect of insomnia. 

Charlotte was sitting at the kitchen table. Cassie was surprised – it was still before seven. Charlotte was still dressed in one of her tacky pink bathrobes and was sitting at the table looking over a book. As Cassie got closer, she saw that it was a photo album. 

When Cassie entered the room, Charlotte's head snapped up. She looked like she had been caught shoplifting. "What are you doing here?" 

"Breakfast and coffee," said Cassie. "Chill." She could feel herself easily slipping into those old tendencies, trying to skewer every word that Charlotte said, and tried to stop herself. 

Cassie not-so-surreptitiously looked over Charlotte's shoulder, resting her hand on the back of the wooden kitchen chair. The pictures had that washed-out look of the 90s, but the figure in them was very 80s – a buxom blonde in a tight teddy with huge hair. She was hot, Cassie had to admit, but she wasn't sure why her stepmother would be looking at an old cheesecake photo. 

"Who's that?" 

Charlotte looked at her strangely. "That's me, a couple decades ago." 

"Really?" For once, her tone wasn't sarcastic – just shocked. 

"Well, a couple decades and about twenty-five pounds," Charlotte smiled to herself. "I was really into beauty pageants and all that. I wanted to be Miss America, but I never got anywhere near that far. I guess I ended up doing some sleazier stuff, but as long as there was an audience looking at me I didn't care." 

"What happened?" said Cassie. 

"Nothing happened. I just woke up one morning and was twenty and nobody wanted to tell me how beautiful I was any more. And then I met one guy who would, and next thing I knew I was pregnant and he had skipped town." 

Cassie sighed. "That Mindy. Always causing trouble." 

"She was actually the best thing that ever happened to me," Charlotte said. "Taking care of a baby, I had to think about more than boys and beauty. The practical concerns of getting food on the table every day stopped me from getting into trouble." 

There was a certain kind of sense to that. But Cassie couldn't help thinking about how sad it was – a beautiful young woman, reckless and fun just like the girls she liked, transformed into this nattering maternal creature who spoke only in groundings and bills. Maybe if Cassie were straight, and just as promiscuous, this would have happened to her. And despite her words, Charlotte seemed sad. Cassie found herself squatting down beside her stepmother and putting her arm around her. 

"I'm sorry," said Cassie. "I know I've been really snappy with you sometimes." 

There was a faint smile on Charlotte's lips. "Is that all?" 

Cassie rolled her eyes. "Okay, I've been a bitch. Happy?" 

That seemed to melt the ice between them. "I should probably apologize too," Charlotte said. "I can't force you to love me like you did your mother. And I think sometimes I get mad about that and take it out on you." 

There was a pause. Cassie saw an opportunity, and seized it. "So, am I un-grounded?" 

Charlotte had to laugh at her mercenary approach. "One-track mind, huh? Well, I really shouldn't... but you're an adult. I'm not going to chain you to the bed for the next month and a half." Maybe Cassie really did have a one-track mind, but the phrase 'chain you to the bed' sounded distinctly sexual to her. She decided not to say anything. 

"Good to hear," said Cassie. "And I can't promise I'll love you like a daughter. But I'll try to think of you as..." 

"A friend?" said Charlotte. 

"Let's start with 'a roommate'," said Cassie. 

"Deal," said Charlotte. And, already in her stepdaughter's embrace, she leaned over and kissed her on the lips. It started out as a friendly peck, but then it persisted. Charlotte's lips were surprisingly soft, and even a little sweet. They quivered against Cassie's, and for a moment she could almost feel tongue slipping through. 

Then Charlotte broke away. She wiped her lips with her sleeve and smiled. "Well, I should get to work. I'm going to be swamped today." And she walked off, as if nothing had happened. 

Cassie tried to calm herself. She needed to stop seeing every kiss or touch from another woman as a come-on. After all, outside her weird perverted world of lesbian threesomes, girls hugged and kissed each other all the time, although such intimacy had always confused and excited her. It was just a motherly kiss. 

Even if it had lasted for what felt like forever, and even if it felt like Charlotte has been pressing her body up against her. Her stepmother was definitely not trying to make out with her. That would be gross. 

Or would it be? 

Her grounding rescinded, Cassie decided to bike over to Rainey's house. She had spent much of the past four years over here, telling her dad she was studying while getting up to whatever stupid shit amused their bored minds. She thought that it would be a good place to get her mind off her increasingly weird relationship with her stepmother. Of course, she was beginning to have an increasingly weird relationship with Rainey, but she tried to put that thought away. 

The Park family lived in a starter-house brownstone that was entirely too small for the two parents, four children and one grandmother that lived there. Usually Cassie spent her time there tripping over one of Rainey's three younger brothers or worried about her grandmother spying on them. (This had happened in the past.) But today, the house was pretty quiet. 

Rainey ushered her in at the door. She wasn't wearing much more than yesterday, and her two-sizes-too-small tank top exposed her midriff while sticking tightly to her bust. Cassie could see two of Rainey's brothers – Raymond, 14, and Jimmy, 11 – playing video games on the couch. "Halmoni is on vacation, my parents are at work, and Hap is at soccer camp," Rainey rifled off. "Or maybe it was music camp. Some kind of camp, anyway." After Rainbow, her parents had seemed to learn a lesson about normal American names, before eventually disregarding it and naming their younger son Happy Park. He probably would have been picked on were he not the biggest kid in his class. 

"Wow, you almost have the place to yourself," said Cassie. 

"No almost about it," Rainey said. She walked into the living room and pulled two twenty-dollar bills out of her pocket. "All right you numbskulls. If I give you some cash, will you find something to do outside the house for a few hours? Cassie and I want to watch a movie." 

Jimmy looked up in disbelief at the money dangling from Rainey's hand. "But... Mom and Dad said not to leave the house without an adult." 

"And do you always do what Mom and Dad say?" Jimmy had no answer for that, and the appearance of some precious spending money had already quieted whatever reservations Raymond might have had. The two brothers left quietly, each taking a twenty. "Just make sure you get home by six, and they'll be none the wiser." 

"I feel like I missed something by not having siblings," said Cassie, after Raymond and Jimmy had left. "You get to be rude to them all the time, and everyone expects it from you." Then again, that was sort of how Rainey treated everyone. 

Rainey settled down onto the couch. "You have a sister." 

"A stepsister," said Cassie. "And she's more like an occupying army than anything else." 

Rainey snorted. "How do you think I feel about the boys? Anyways, pick a bad movie to watch. I've got the latest SyFy original downloaded." 

"Nah, they're trying too hard now," said Cassie. "Let's just watch Plan 9 again." 

"Can't beat the classics." 

This was one of the many stupid ways to kill time that Cassie and Rainey got up to. Rainey had a near-exhaustive library of bad movies, from classic cheesy sci-fi to poorly-dubbed martial arts movies to the latest rom-coms. She and Cassie had spent many hours watching and cackling them. In fact, Cassie had probably watched more movies that she had known would be bad than ones she thought might be good. 

But there was something different this afternoon. Rainey laughed a lot less than she usually did, and when she did laugh it came out forced and uncertain. When Cassie tried to crack a joke, she didn't respond. At one point, Cassie thought that Rainey was angling for sex, and put an arm around her in the cheesy way teenage boys did in movies, but Rainey brusquely got up and walked to the kitchen to make popcorn. 

Finally, she decided to just ask her. "Is something wrong?" 

Rainey kept her eyes on the screen. "You see, I'm starting to think that Bela Lugosi isn't well." 

"No, between us," said Cassie. "Things seem weird." 

"Well, there was the fact that you sucked on my tits as your girlfriend fucked me with a dildo yesterday," said Rainey, deadpan. "That tends to make things weird." 

Cassie suspected that Rainey had been weirded out by what happened yesterday, but had hoped that she would be immune to the lesbian second thoughts that swept through her lovers like an epidemic. "You said afterwards that it didn't change anything. That it was just another stupid thing you had done." 

"I said it didn't change anything about the way I thought of myself," said Rainey. "I didn't say anything about the way I thought of you." 

Cassie felt a little hurt. "What, you've suddenly decided that lesbianism is wrong after seeing it up close?" 

"It's not that. It's just... I don't know what we are any more. Are we still just friends, or are we lovers? Are we going to have sex every time we hang out now, or was that just a one-time thing? Are you still going to tell me everything about your girlfriends, or will you be worried that I'll get jealous?" 

Oh. So it was just that. "We can be friends and occasionally fuck, Rainey. Straight people do it all the time. Hell, you've done it with a couple guys." 

"Yeah, but I wasn't actually friends with those guys," said Rainey. "I just wanted to fuck them without having to put up with relationship bullshit. You and I were different." 

Cassie had been here before, both as the girl tiptoeing towards sex with other girls and the woman helping her along the tightrope. She had to tread carefully here. She didn't want to ruin her friendship with Rainey, one of the few things that had kept her sane throughout high school. "Listen, everything is up to you. If you want to have sex again, I'm down. If you never want to talk about yesterday afternoon again, my lips are sealed." 

"Your lips weren't sealed last night," said Rainey. She never could resist a good "That's what she said" joke. 

"Yeah, yeah. But what I'm saying is, you're in control here." 

Rainey stopped to consider it. Plan 9 played on, but neither was paying attention to it. "Boy, that's convenient for you," Rainey finally said. "You just leave all the decisions to little old me." 

"It's not like that, Rainey. I just want you to know that you're in charge." 

"And why can't you be in charge?" said Rainey. If Cassie didn't know better, she'd say that the pouty way Rainey turned down the corner of her mouth was seductive. "What do you want, Cass?" 

"Well, if it were entirely up to me, I'd fuck you all afternoon." 

Rainey snaked an arm around Cassie's back. "Then that sounds like a plan to me." 

Well, she wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth. She leaned in and kissed Rainey, pressing her body against her friend's. Rainey tentatively pressed a hang against her shoulder, and slid her tongue into Cassie's mouth. Then she broke away. 

"Sorry," Rainey said. "You're pressing on my knee." 

Cassie was, in fact, putting her body weight right across Rainey's knee cap. She adjusted so that Rainey's right leg fell nicely within her own. "Better now?" 

Rainey nodded, and leaned in to kiss her again. This was different from the first time – without the haze of drugs and unexpected possibility, Cassie could fully enjoy the taste of Rainey's lips. There was a slightly spicy tone to them – Cassie would have to ask her what lipstick she was using. 

"Ow!" Rainey pulled away with a jolt. "Sorry, it's just – my hair got caught somewhere, I think." 

All of these interruptions weren't really bothering Cassie, but maybe they reflected a certain hesitation on Rainey's part. Cassie stroked her face. "What can I do to make you comfortable?" 

"I don't know." Rainey seemed to take the question seriously. "Do you have any more weed?" 

Even if she did, it probably wasn't a good sign if you had to get high before you had sex with someone. Cassie thought back to the ways that Leigha had made her feel at ease before they first made love. A delicious idea came to mind. "Say, do you want to take a shower?" 

"Cassie. If I smell, you can just tell me." 

"No, it's just... listen. If it's a situation where you're usually naked and touchy, maybe it'll be easier for you to get comfortable." 

"Naked and touchy?" 

"Shut up, you know what I mean." 

"Do I? Because this sounds like a perverted reality show. And hold on a second. Are you one of those people who masturbate in the shower?" 

Cassie blushed. "Um... occasionally." 

"God damnit. The planet's running out of water because of you people." Rainey got up and walked away. She headed into the kitchen and disappeared from sight. 

Cassie was frozen on the couch for a moment before Rainey poked her head out. She had taken her shirt off. "Well, are you coming? Water's warm, Batman." 

She didn't need to be told twice, and bounded up the stairs after her friend. 

In the bathroom hallway, Rainey faced away from Cassie as she pulled off her shirt. She balled up her miniature tank top in her face and threw it away. Just the sight of her bare shoulders and her pale back made Cassie shiver. Rainey slipped out of her shorts and panties. It wasn't a striptease, but it wasn't a rush into bed – it was casual, the way one would undress alone before bed. That thought gave Cassie a voyeuristic pleasure. Of course, Rainey's tight ass gave her even more of that. Seriously, she had not given that ass enough credit before. 

Rainey looked over her shoulder and gave Cassie a sultry look. "You going to shower with your clothes on?" 

Dumbstruck, Cassie began undressing. She couldn't keep her eyes off Rainey's backside, and so she fumbled quite a bit with her pants as she tried to get them off. Rainey giggled. Cassie tried to think up a way to get her t-shirt over her head without momentarily obstructing her view of Rainey, but her friend was already stepping into the shower, with just a brief flash of her dusky brown nipples. 

Cassie practically tore off her shirt and bra. Locking the door behind her, Cassie stepped through the shower curtain into Rainey's tub. Like the rest of the house, it was a little too small, and the two girls had to press closely together. Cassie was not complaining at all. 

She embraced Rainey from behind and slid her hands up to cup her friend's breasts. They were a nice handful, smooth and soft and just the right weight. "You ready to get dirty?" she whispered into Rainey's ear. 

"You take a shower to get clean. Dumbass." 

"Oh, how wrong you are. But don't worry. We'll get you clean first." Cassie was enjoying taking the lead, playing the part of the seductress corrupting an innocent soul. Maybe it wasn't entirely a part. Cassie reached behind hers and found a container of body wash. She pried her hand away from Rainey's left breast and poured a general helping of soap onto it. "Just let me do everything." 

Cassie pressed her soapy hand into Rainey's armpit and from there began to explore her body. She was more thorough than she ever had been when showering herself, of course. Her hands washed Rainey's back, her legs, her arms, her stomach, and then finally her chest. She made sure to get the breasts especially clean, really rubbing the soap into the skin. Rainey began to gasp and shiver against it. 

But there was still one part of Rainey's body that needed cleaning – and it was very, very dirty. Abandoning the pretense of soap, Cassie slid her hand down to the wet hair of Rainey's pussy. Despite the shower's blast, some juice of arousal persisted. Cassie slipped her touch yet lower, feeling Rainey's little clit proudly protruding. 
