 She waits in the whirlpool while I undress. She is dark-skinned and nude, leaning back, anticipating. Bubbles swirl around her, and she runs her hands through the jolts of water. I watch her in the mirror. Her body is below the water, and her breasts and nipples rise above the surface. 

I turn around, naked, and she looks at me. Without hiding her gaze, she looks at my body from my legs to my hips to my breasts to my face then back down, settling on my waist then my cunt. Watching her watch me makes my pussy moist and my lips swell.

I step up over the side of the tub, and her eyes remain fixed on me. I am wetter now, to my outer lips and to the tops of my thighs. There is a warm tightness in my chest, an aching. 

She reaches her hand to mine, and my skin is fair next to hers. I sit with my back to one strong jet. Her hand strokes up my arm to my shoulder, then to the back of my neck, and through my hair, which she pulls back in a sweet fist. I let my head relax back and reach my foot forward to feel another jet hit my foot and shoot water up my leg.

She comes closer and kisses me, hot and wet, our tongues soft, the kiss hungry. We both breathe heavily, and our kiss becomes stronger. Heat rushes through me to my nipples, to my wet pussy. I pull her to me and our hard nipples press into one another's. She moans. I slide my hand up her wet body and press her nipple between my fingers. 

"Harder," she says.

I squeeze her nipple harder, and she gasps. "Yes," she says.

I squeeze a bit harder and pull her nipple outward. "Oh fuck," she says, then gasps a few times in a row. I reach for her other breast and pinch both nipples at once. Her body shakes. She bites my lower lip and breathes in short gasps.

She gets on top of me and straddles me in the water, slightly shaking, while I feel her tits, put one nipple in my mouth and bite softly. She arches back and presses her cunt into mine. Her legs are spread and she starts to ride me.

I put my hands on her ass and pull her firmly onto me. I push her downward so her wet cunt is on top of my clit, and I press up into her. I move her back and forth, so she is riding me with her hot lips surrounding my swollen clit. Heat fills my pussy; I am dripping wet, moving and fucking her to feel our pussies sliding back and forth and pressing hard against each other. I am sweating. I feel an orgasm building, and I hold her hips in place so I can ride against her from below. 

She is on top of me, the water all around us, and my pussy is hot and intense and I am breathing and I want this moment – right before I come – to last and last, but I can't control it; I keep pushing myself harder and faster against her, riding myself back and forth and now in jerking movements, and the inside of my pussy is starting to spasm and the heat is rising in me and she puts her breasts in my face – hard – and her skin is slippery and wet, and she's moaning too and riding me, and I pump my hips uncontrollably up, down, up and down, and I am coming so hard and strong and the heat is intense, the water a crazy display of waves and bubbles, and I take her shoulders and pull her down onto me hard so I can feel her wet cunt spread open against me. 

She shivers and falls forward into me, riding me back and forth, then makes deep guttural sounds, "Oh baby, yes, yes," she says, and she bucks and humps and jerks and loses control, "Oh god, baby, yes, oh fuck, I'm coming " then one long intense moan and I feel heat and wet from her cunt to mine. She grinds into me, grinds in circles, "Oh, god, again, I'm coming again, oh god," her hard clit grinding in circles on me.

"Oh fuck," she says, "I can't believe I came so hard."

She's hot in every way, and wet, and her last hard crazy orgasm has me still feeling insane. I want to feel the hard water of the Jacuzzi jet on my clit. One jet shoots into my back and others into my legs. She slides down lower onto my lap then off of me and sits next to me, rubbing her hand up and down my still-aching body, my hard nipples, my wet pussy. 

I get up onto my knees and turn around. Instantly the jet rushes hard water onto my cunt. I place my clit over the water and the effect is instant. I try to hold back, but it's so hard and hot and intense. I grab the side of the tub and force myself to keep my hips in place, the jet straight on my clit. My thigh muscles shake and buckle and my breath is heaving and I am coming so fucking hard. She gets behind me, her breasts to my back, her cunt to my ass, her hands on my hips, and she presses into me. I am moaning then let myself scream loud and hard. My back arches and she grabs my tits in her hands, squeezes them, and another orgasm takes over me before the last one stopped. I am pumping back and forth and up and down against the water, and it is so intense it is nearly too intense but it feels so fucking hot and hard and wet, and there is a rush of wet from my pussy and the walls spasm, my hips spasm, my ass presses back into her, and I am moaning a higher pitched sound than hers was. I'm gasping, and my pussy is hot and spent and still it feels intensely, deeply good. 

She rocks herself against my ass slowly, holding me tightly, her breasts pressed into my back, and once more I feel her shiver against me, and I hear her uneven breath, and she bites the back of my shoulder. 

She sits back down in the tub and I collapse back onto her, on her lap, my back to her. Her hands slide over my body as we still breathe heavily but more regularly. When her hand gets to my pussy she slides two fingers inside me, and I can't believe it but it feels so good, so good, and I put my hand over hers to keep her there, and one last slow time, I come on her, my pussy tightening around her fingers in rhythmic bursts. It's a slow orgasm, a finished, spent, happy orgasm, that sends me into a state of euphoria and afterglow, surrounded by the whirling water.