 Donna kissed me back, enthusiastically, and I felt my body responding to her, much as I had to Mira. My nipples hardened against her soft skin, brushing up against her equally stiff nipples, pink like mine. Her hands stroked the nape of my neck, and my upper back, while my hands slipped down to her round ass cheeks. Brushing over the strap of the dildo she was wearing, my right hand sought out her hot crevice, while my left hand separated her smooth globes. She sighed in my mouth when the sharp tip of my fingernail brushed against the sensitive flesh of Donna's anal pucker, and I toyed with her there, touching another woman's anus for the first time.

Donna and I kissed for a short time, but oddly, I felt a little awkward since we hadn't really been introduced. She had fucked me in the ass, and we had kissed deeply and intimately, and I had played with her ass hole, but we hadn't been introduced, so I felt odd. That insistence on social mores seemed so peculiar. "Hello, my name is --, let's fuck!" was something new to me, who had been courted by my husband for a year before we married.

Of course, here I was cheating on my husband, or was I? I wasn't sure if it was that, or I was only scratching an itch, or what. I felt no desire to leave my husband, or hurt him, but I did feel a deep, visceral attraction to another woman, and I couldn't be sure how it would end up.

After Donna and I had played with each other for a few minutes, Mira spoke up. "It's a lot more fun when 3 play, girls." Donna and I pulled away slightly from each other and looked at Mira. "Now Mira, there's plenty for all here. I've got an idea, let's start out with a 69 between you and I, yes?" Mira brightened up, and the 2 arranged themselves on the bed in the classic position, without, however, removing the strap-on dildos. Donna said, "I want to taste Jesse's pussy on your cock darling, and you can taste her ass. Jesse, you taste whatever looks good, okay?"

They started sucking each other's cock, both of those delicious dicks covered with part of me, Donna sucking off the cum I had deluged the larger dildo with, Mira licking the musky flavor I had left on the smaller dildo. It took me about half a second to decide what I wanted. I had been thinking about how delicious Mira's plump ass looked before, and now I could have total access to it. I lay down next to her, as she lay on her side attending to Donna, with my face at her ass, and my feet extending down to where Mira's head was.

I pried her humid butt cheeks apart, loving the feel of her smooth, satiny flesh, and gazed at her tiny anus nestled between her generous cheeks. She had a slightly darker colored skin between her ass cheeks, extending from just at the dimple above her sweet hole, past her anus and between her legs to her pussy. I gently scraped the tip of my index finger to trace the patch of skin, and Mira shuddered with pleasure. I followed that with my nose, and as I got closer, I detected a delicious musky scent between her legs, a result, no doubt of the heat and moisture her leather panties had trapped against her, combined with the earthy musk of her ass.

I hesitatingly dabbed at the darker colored patch of flesh with my tongue, fearful that it might not taste very nice, but wanting to bring her pleasure there, as I had in her pussy. To my great relief, not only did her ass not taste bad, I loved the taste of her. I more enthusiastically thrust my tongue out, even inside of her dark hole, and Mira reciprocated, by rotating her ass hole around, and also thrusting back and forth.

I grabbed Mira's hips, and pulled my face closer, wanting to bring us both as much pleasure from this oral-anal contact as possible. I imagined myself as French kissing her lovely buttocks, which, of course, I was doing. Something I would have had trouble even imagining a few weeks before! I fucked her tight, sweet ass hole with my tongue, held straight to imitate a dick, if smaller. I was rewarded with an increase in her fluids around the base of the strap-on, as her pussy lubricated itself, and her orgasm approached.

I brought my fingers around to her pussy, while I kept my mouth glued to her hot hole, and quickly found, and then stroked, her hard clit, sitting at the top of her pussy and jutting out from the folds of her labia like a tiny dick. She quickly came, several times, reflected by the quivers in her legs, her frenzied sucking on Donna's dildo, and her attempts to moan around the hard piece of rubber filling her mouth. After I felt her quivers come to an end, I reluctantly removed my mouth from its close union with Mira's ass, and switched sides on the bed, to return the favor with Donna's ass.

Donna had a smaller ass, quite petite, but nicely shaped, and her skin much lighter throughout, even pink inside her anus, as I later discovered. I could also see her pussy quite clearly between her legs, like the inside of a peach. I nosed myself between her legs so that I could taste her cunt, and it was extremely juicy and smelled wonderful. I lapped at the bottom part of her vagina, as the upper part, and her clit, were inaccessible due to the dildo. I lapped up as much of her fluid as I could, then returned to her ass.

Repeating what I'd done with Mira's more abundant bottom, I found that her moving her legs even just a little, separated her ass cheeks for me, and exposed her hole to my view. Her ass hole looked a little bigger than Mira's. I found out later that this was because Mira loved to fuck Donna in her ass, almost as much as Donna loved being fucked in the ass. My tongue showed no hesitation in approaching Donna's creamy ass, since I had found Mira's so pleasant, and I immediately penetrated her yielding hole with my stiffened tongue, sinking in her humid crevice all the way up to my lips.

Donna moaned, as had Mira, loving the feel of a wet, supple tongue inside her rectum, a feeling that is impossible to duplicate with finger or cock. I thrust into her much harder than I had with Mira, enjoying her musky fragrance, similar to Mira's, but perhaps not quite as strong. My hands went down to my hips, one underneath me to stroke my own, neglected pussy, the other to caress, and pinch, Donna's sweet breasts. I rolled her nipple that I could reach, between my thumb and forefinger, just as I rolled my clit between the thumb and forefinger of my other hand.

Lost in the distinctions between my clit, and Donna's nipple, I came in a rolling orgasm that pulsed through my body, radiating outward from my pussy, to every part of my body. Maintaining the contact between my mouth and Donna's ass hole, I was only dimly aware of her body flexing, as she, too, came in her second orgasm, at least of that session. We all slipped off to sleep then, with Mira and Donna head to toe, and me nestled on Donna's ass. 

We must have slept for at least twenty minutes, and finally roused ourselves. We arranged ourselves in a casual daisy-chain position, after Donna and Mira removed their artificial cocks, and we could be 'just girls' again. We each lay with our heads resting on another's thighs. My head rested on Donna's thigh, her head on Mira's thigh, and Mira's head on my thigh, and lazily talked about our selves.

I told them that I was married, and that I had been curious about a sexual attraction to women like Mira. I also told them that it had been an overwhelming urge, and I was grateful that I had been able to explore it. I also told them that I hadn't exactly expected Donna, or someone like her, but that it had been a wonderful part of the adventure. Donna asked me where I thought I would go from here. I said that I didn't know, but that, as the sexual urge had been fulfilled, I supposed that I wouldn't need to worry about that being a problem for me any more. Donna and Mira looked at each other, and a knowing smile flitted from one to the other.

I honestly thought that I would no longer feel an urge for another woman, since I had tried it out, and felt what it was like. Yes, I had enjoyed it, well, to be honest, I had adored it, but there are other things in life than just sex, I knew. At any rate, we relaxed for a little while longer, with Donna and Mira telling me about themselves. Informal lovers, as well as house mates, they had a relationship which allowed for others, even men if it came to that, though neither had any interest in that variety.

Finally, Mira said, "Anybody up for a bath?" Donna and I agreed, and as Mira drew the water, Donna lay behind me on the bed, where I was stretched out. 

"Would you like a back rub while we wait?" She asked coyly. I adore back rubs, so I quickly made myself available, by lying on my side, my back to her front. Donna had absolutely the greatest technique I have ever felt! Her hands alternated between flittering over my back, lightly stroking and teasing with the lightest touches, to almost deep massage, pinching and squeezing whole muscle groups at once. I thought I was in heaven! If I had been asked, I would have had to admit that Donna's attention to my back was better than sex, straight or lesbian!

Donna included my ass more and more in her backrub, since a significant muscle group is located there, and the touch of her hand on and around my ass was very pleasant to me. She rotated through my back, from top, to sides, to center, to hips (VERY ticklish!) to my butt, and when she got to my butt, she included the whole area, including my tiny anus that she had invaded earlier. Where earlier she had used only her hands on my back, at my bottom she also used her mouth, and pleasured my hot hole with her tongue, as I'd done to her and Mira earlier.

Donna had me squirming as her tongue licked all around, and inside my puckered hole, and she lightly stroked my quivering clit as she tongue fucked me, causing me to cum yet again. She reached into a bedside drawer, and withdrew a small vibrator, as I found out when I heard its distinctive buzz. She slowly inserted it into my ass, then pumped it in and out, faster and faster, as the vibrations resonated throughout me. "Yow!" I screamed. "Fuck me, fuck me, please Donna, fuck me harder!" In and out, in and out, faster and faster, I came and came and came numerous times. Finally, slowly, Donna withdrew that wonderful vibrator from my ass, and after she turned it off, she brought it to my mouth.

"Kiss it, lover," she said. I did so, eagerly, smelling the aroma of my ass on the vibrator. She eased it in between my slightly parted lips, and I sucked on the soiled dildo until it was clean. Donna kissed me then, her tongue lingering on my lips. She lightly slapped my butt, which felt very nice, then said, "Time for our bath, lazybones!" I reluctantly got up, and followed her into the bathroom, where Mira was already lounging in the garden tub.

"'Bout time, you two. Were those moans I heard in there?" She grinned at me, and I smiled happily back. "Donna certainly is talented," I said. We slipped into the tub with Mira, and took our time in soaping each other down. We chose to do a thorough job, and several orgasms each later, we slipped out again, and toweled each other off. We recovered my clothes, which fortunately hadn't gotten too wrinkled, and I dressed. Mira drove me back to the coffee house, and before I left her car, she said, "I understand if you treat this as a one time thing. There were no strings on either of us. If you decide that you'd like to play some more, give us a call, we both like you very much. But, don't feel as though you owe Donna or I anything. We'd like you to be happy, whatever you decide." I thought I saw a tear in the corner of her eye. I didn't know what to say, as I didn't know what I felt, so I just took her hand, and lightly kissed her lips.

I found I had trouble pulling away from her lips, but I knew I had to go. I got out, then got into my car, and drove back home. When I got home, Robert was there, as usual. I walked up to him to give him a kiss, then remembered that I hadn't brushed my teeth since that morning. I tried to turn it into a 'cheek' kiss, but too late. Robert's lips met mine. I could feel him inhaling as we kissed, then as we parted, he looked thoughtful, and said, "New perfume, babe?"