 Robert and I acted as though nothing had happened, though we both knew it had. I felt immensely guilty about what I’d done, but felt overwhelmed by my body. I was uncertain why Robert acted as he did, though I was to find out later. I was the same Jesse, 23, cute, full of life, with a great body, blonde hair and 36C boobs.

Several weeks went by, and inside of me, nothing had changed. I thought constantly of the feelings that Mira and Donna had aroused in me. Robert and I still made love, but I found a woman’s face on him, as he looked down on me, impaling me with his tool. I masturbated countless times, openly admitting to myself then, that I wanted a woman’s body against mine. My fantasies were of faceless women, exposing their breasts to me, and my sucking their hard nipples until they writhed in the ultimate pleasure beside me.

Countless times I licked at women’s dripping cunts, in my imagination, using my own copious discharge to fulfill the fantasy. Finally, I knew that I had to do something. I wanted to fuck a woman, pure and simple. I didn’t want to marry her, or spend my free time with her, or anything else that I could justify as some type of relationship. I wanted to feel my fingers, and tongue, and anything else I could find in a beautiful woman’s mouth, and cunt, and ass. To feel her writhe beneath me as she came, for her to call out my name in ecstasy as I made her orgasm.

It occurred to me that I might be able to use the same outlet that men did when they were looking for anonymous sex. A hooker. I knew that there were a couple of streets where they hung out, as every couple of weeks there’d be something on the news about the ‘johns’ that were in the area, patronizing them. So finding hookers would  be easy. What was difficult was working up the nerve.

The ceaseless build up of my sexual desire left me no choice. If I didn’t fuck, I thought that I’d go crazy. So, one fine afternoon, I steeled my resolve, and drove to one of the areas. I could already see the cars of suburban men pulling up to women lounging along the sidewalk. The women would approach the cars, some conversation would ensue, and more often than not, the woman would get in the passenger seat and the car would drive off. I wasn’t sure how one of them would react to seeing a woman pull up, but I guessed that the worst that would happen, was that they’d laugh at me and walk away.

Of course, the best that would happen, was that one of them would enjoy woman to woman sex, and we’d spend a delightful afternoon. Soon enough, the best case picture drowned out the worst case picture, and I decided to go ahead. Of course, with men, I think they view a prostitute as a mouth, or a cunt, so as long as they’re vaguely acceptable, the man is willing (aren’t they always?). With me, and I think most other women, I needed to be attracted to the woman. 

I cruised slowly along the street, looking at the women displayed there. None of them looked at me as though I were an alien, so perhaps some of them at least would consider the idea of lesbian sex. Many of the women did not attract me at all, they looked as though they were on drugs, or they just had a ‘mean’ or hard look about them (I know that’s judgmental, but I couldn’t help the way I felt). Finally, though, I noticed a young girl, about 18 or so, wearing a pink baseball cap over her blonde hair, with her ponytail hanging out the back.

She had a cute face, she looked like a college freshman, and her outfit was more like that of a student at a college, although an informal one in a warm part of the country. Slightly ripped denim cutoffs that showed some of her upper thigh, a tee shirt with an intricate design, and sandals, she looked as though she’d just put on her clothes coming off the beach at Spring Break somewhere. She had a nice tan, and I felt my body responding to her already.

She hung back from the others, not actively soliciting, but just kind of ‘there’. I pulled up to the curb near where she stood, and she peered at me from underneath the bill of the cap, as though she either had trouble seeing me, or trouble believing what she saw. She walked over to the driver’s side, and leaned in the window. I started to speak, “Hi, I was wondering if you-”

Cutting me off, she spoke loudly, saying, “Lady, you’re looking for the State Capitol building, and that’s 3 blocks over. You’re in a bad neighborhood, you need to get on one of the tourist line trams that’ll show you all the sights. This is a bad neighborhood, and your safety can’t be guaranteed!” All the while she was saying this, she was rubbing her fingernails across the design on her chest, like someone trying to buff up her nails. I was perplexed by what she said, but when she yelled, “Now get the fuck out!” I decided that I’d better. It hadn’t gone the way I’d expected, and now the rush of adrenaline and fear had me shaking. My eyes filled with tears.

In a haze, I pulled away from the curb, and drove straight home, without looking back once. I made myself some herbal tea, and thought about what had happened. The only thing I could figure, was that  prostitutes really didn’t want other women hanging around, even as potential customers. I resigned myself to more frustration, and tried to put the whole idea of sex out of my mind.

The next day, I was surprised to get a phone call from a Patrol Officer Winterby of our local police. She asked if she might come over to talk to me about an incident that had occurred the previous day. I was confused, as I didn’t know of any incident, but I agreed to see her that afternoon.  The doorbell rang at 1 o’clock, and when I opened the door, I was very surprised to see the young blonde of the previous day, wearing clothes not much different from that day. I was speechless, so she took the initiative, saying, “May I come in, ma’am? I nodded my head, still unable to speak.

She led me down the hall, looking briefly into rooms until she’d located the living room. I could only follow dumbly behind. She looked at me enquiringly, and asked, “May I sit?” Again, I nodded, just starting to collect my wits. My thoughts were racing. The police wanted to arrest me for soliciting a prostitute. It must have been one of those stings they talk about on the news. I was going to be ruined. What would I do? What could I do?

“Mrs. Hugo, may I call you Jesse?” 

I stuttered out , “Yes, Officer.”

“Jesse, here’s my badge and I.D.,” she said, pulling them out of her purse. She added, “And please, call me Trish, for Patricia.“ I looked at them, as if I knew what they were supposed to look like, and handed them back. Right then, she could have handed me a “Secret Agent Barbie” badge and I would have accepted it. “Could I have some coffee, do you think?” she asked.

“Yes, I have instant, or I could make a pot,” I said. This seemed like unusual behavior when the police came to arrest someone. 

“Instant would be fine, thanks,” she replied. I set about making coffee for both of us, heating the water quickly in the microwave, and then adding the coffee crystals. 

“Cream and sugar?” I asked.

“Just sugar, please. Two.” I finished her coffee, then added some cream to mine and carried them out to the sofa where we were both sitting.

“Trish, please, what’s going on?” I asked. “Am I under arrest?”

“Let me assure you, Jesse, that I am definitely not here to arrest you. I’m a patrol officer with the PD, I’ve been on the force for a year and a half now. The Vice squad had set up a week long ‘Sting’ to basically harass ‘johns’ who solicit the prostitutes who hang out on Capitol Avenue, where you were. They used me, because I’m young and attractive, and some johns like that. Usually I’m in uniform in a neighborhood doing ‘Community Patrolling”, which is just a fancy name for ‘cop on the beat.’ But since I look a lot younger than everyone else, they decided to use me as a decoy. The funny thing is, I wore the same clothes I wore when I was in college here, and they thought it was perfect!”

“Anyway, we had rounded up quite a few johns, which mainly means that they offered me money for sex, and that’s illegal. So, I’d tell them to park in the lot across the street, and other, uniformed officers, would arrest them,” she continued. “I got your name and address from your license plate. Now I’d like to ask you something, Jesse. What were you doing there?” As she said that, she looked straight in my eyes. I thought, looking into those blue pools, that she would easily detect a lie, so I decided to be honest.

“I was there to pick up a prostitute,” I said, averting my eyes.

“Did you husband, or someone else, force you into it?” She asked, gently.

“No, it was me,” I said, quietly.

“Jesse, I had to make a snap decision yesterday when I leaned in your window. I certainly didn’t expect to see a woman talking to me, and particularly not one so beautiful. I decided that the one wrong thing that could happen then, was for you to be arrested for soliciting prostitution. I was wired for sound, so I cut you off before you said anything incriminating. That’s also why I was rubbing my shirt, so that the microphone would pick up background noise, making our conversation even more unclear to the other officers.”

I didn’t know what to say, but I heard myself ask, “Why did you do that for me, Trish?”

She hesitated before replying, taking a couple of sips of her coffee. “This is good,” she said. I didn’t say anything.

Finally, she said, “I’ve been doing my best to be a good police officer. I enforce the laws as fairly as I can, I try to be helpful to the citizens, but I just could not see how I could help a woman get arrested for being sexual. Before I go further, I want you to tell me why you wanted a prostitute.”

Now it was my turn to hesitate. Finally, I said, “I’ve been getting such strong urges to be with a woman, sexually. I had an experience a few weeks ago, and it was the most wonderful of my life. I hoped it was all over, but it kept building up stronger, and stronger. It was almost as though someone else drove down to pick up a prostitute, and I was helpless to stop it. No, that’s not right, I didn’t WANT to stop it. Is that evil?:

Trish laughed, and said, “If it is, I’m burning in hell for sure.” I looked at her quizzically. “Jesse, I don’t want to see a woman suffer for having sexual urges. Men, I couldn’t care less,” she finished.

I just stared at her. “You mean you’re a…” 

“…lesbian? You bet!” She responded enthusiastically. “Though they don’t know that on the force. They wouldn’t fire me or anything, but it would make life harder for me if I came out, right now.” Trish looked at me again, with those searching eyes. “And you?”

I didn’t turn away this time. “I don’t know for sure,” I said. “I think I might be.”

Trish took my hand. “It’s hard. And it doesn’t get easier.” 

That burst a dam inside of me. All these weeks of not being able to tell anyone, of hiding my feelings from Robert, of just not knowing, or perhaps, not admitting. I burst into tears. The next thing I knew, I was in Trish’s arms, and crying my heart out. She held me and let me vent, gently patting my back. Eventually I ran down, and then she just held me, as I became aware of her again. I could smell her perfume, and feel the warmth of her cheek against mine. I could feel the smooth texture of her tee shirt under my hands, and the absence of a bra strap. I could hear, and feel, her heartbeat, from her chest into mine.

I became aware of her breasts pushing against mine. I felt her nipples harden, and push into my breasts. I felt my nipples respond, and push back. I became conscious of the small movements we made against each other, at first just to ease an uncomfortable joint, or a pressure point, but then it became awareness of her body, and how each part related to me and my body.

Something changed, then. I pulled away from her cheek, and gave her a light kiss there in thanks for her being there. She looked into my eyes with those unending depths of blue, and her lips came to mine. She gently caressed me with the softness of her full lips, and I responded. I pressed my breasts against hers, and she moved her arms further around my back, to take me deeper into her soul, and her heart.

The room felt distinctly hotter, and I felt a flush in my upper body. I opened my mouth slightly, my lips barely touching, and I felt the first, tentative touch of her tongue against my lips. I answered Trish’s unspoken question, by opening my lips further, and allowing her entry. Her tongue seemed to flow into me, like a wave of honey, and my own tongue rose up to greet her. We shared our essence then, for minutes that seemed like days, years even.

Trish put her hands on my shoulders, then pushed me back, away from her. She looked deeply, intently into my eyes, as though reading the thoughts in my brain. She said nothing, but then pulled me close to her once again, squeezing me against her. “Don’t hurt me,” she whispered into my ear. I felt her words course through my brain, into my heart, and explode in my pussy. She desired me! This beautiful young woman wanted me!

My hands reached up to cup her breasts, which felt hot to my touch. Her nipples strained against the sheer fabric of her tee shirt. She gasped slightly as we both felt my power over her evolve, as she put her self into my hands. I had never experienced this feeling before. With Robert I had been a dutiful wife. With Mira, and then Donna, I was a compliant student. Now Trish, from a position of power and authority, was giving all that up, into my hands, so that I might care for her.

I quickly lifted her shirt up, and over her head, throwing it on the floor behind us. Trish looked at me with those deep blue eyes, and smiled a welcoming smile at me, as she recognized that I had accepted her into my life, and love. I stared at the white skin of her breasts, where apparently her bikini top had prevented her tanning. I lowered my lips to her erect pink nipples, each in turn, and kissed them in greeting, welcoming her firm breasts into my mouth. I guessed she was about a 34A. Small breasts, but firm and high, with small nipples and aureoles. She moaned as I sucked them into my mouth, then licked them hard with the rough surface of my tongue. I felt her fingers running through my short blonde hair, digging her fingernails into my scalp each time my touch on her nipples jolted her. It hurt a little, but it was worth it. I felt my pussy wetting more and more as she scratched me. 

I could smell her scent, too, as her pussy obviously responded to our foreplay. Her hips wiggling against the seat of the sofa betrayed her feelings. I lifted my head up from her breasts, and saw a slightly dazed look in Trish’s eyes. She had already given herself over to my lovemaking, and was simply responding to my initiatives. I looked intently at her, now, and brushed back her hair from her forehead roughly, then planted kisses across her sweet face. “Ohh, god, kiss me, kiss my lips,” she moaned as I avoided her full, sweet lips. Finally, she forced her lips onto mine to sate the hunger that lay upon her.

We kissed, then, lover to lover, and I dominated her delicious mouth with my tongue, tasting her mouth and licking her saliva, as she drooled with pleasure. She reached over to strip off my shirt, which was button front. She furiously began unbuttoning, quickly exposing my white satiny bra. Trish looked exasperated, and said, “God, I want your tits, I want you naked, I want to suck you!” She reached behind me and quickly unsnapped my bra, which fell to my lap. She cooed over my breasts, and my nipples. She lowered her mouth to suck me, and I felt electric tingles as she lapped at, and nibbled on, my sensitive nipples. 

I reached down to her shorts to unsnap the top button. She pulled in her stomach to allow me access, so I quickly undid the copper rivet. I pulled apart the fabric, which caused the zipper to come undone, then I began wrestling the shorts off her. Trish helped by raising her hips off the sofa, and her shorts came off easily. She looked so cute, then, wearing only flowered cotton panties, that I wanted to admire her more closely. I gently pushed Trish back onto the sofa, then lowered myself to my knees between her trim thighs. I moved her legs apart slightly, then brought my face close to the fabric covering her crotch.

I could see her pubic bush pushing out the cotton of her panties above her wet slit, which was marked on the panties by a large wet spot directly in contact with her labia. The fabric was pulled up into the slit of her vagina, as she had done that while rubbing herself. I reached onto her panty covered labia, and gently pulled the fabric out of her crotch, then brought my hands to the elastic waistband to pull them completely off her. “No, wait,” she gasped. “I want to do you, too!”

I stood up, and Trish unbuttoned the snap of my skirt, quickly pulling it off my hips to the floor. I had on white satin panties in a bikini cut, a little racier than her cotton panties, but I thought she was adorable. “Do you like them?” I asked.

“I’ll like them more when they’re off you, baby,” she replied. I giggled, then pushed her back lengthwise on the sofa, and arranged myself next to her, so that my head was at her hips, and her head at mine. “Umm, a 69,” she said. “I’m going to like you,” she purred. I lay on top of Trish, resting on my elbows and knees, and began nuzzling the wet crotch of Trish’s panties. Her cunt’s perfume was highly intoxicating, and I found my mouth watering at the smell.

“Ohh, god, Trish, your cunt is so hot!” I exclaimed. My fingers pulled the crotch of her panties to one side, and I looked at her pussy for the first time. A thick bush of naturally blonde hair at the top of her cunt, just above her clitoris, and a few hairs running along the sides of her labia, thinning out to nothing by her ass. Thin labia, but swelling up as the area filled with passion. The interior of her young pussy was glistening with her lubrication, and I could see it seeping out to run down towards her ass.  Meanwhile, she was equally busy with my puss, and had already invaded my hole with her tongue, after similarly pulling my panties aside. “Ohh, yeah, baby, that’s SO good!” I moaned.

Trish responded by saying, or moaning, something, but I wasn’t sure what, as we were both half delirious with passion, and her tongue was pretty far up inside my tight hole. We both set to lapping each other’s hole, and as we did, worked our panties off. I got a special thrill in feeling the smooth, unflawed skin of Trish’s muscular thighs and calves, as I slowly pulled her panties off her slim hips and down her legs. Trish let her fingers go to my ass, as she pulled my panties off my hips, then let them stay halfway down my thighs. With one hand she separated my ass cheeks, and with the other she first circled my anus, then plunged her middle finger in, when she saw how wet my ass hole was from my pussy lubrication.

I gasped when I felt the thrill of her digital penetration of my tight, hot ass. “Ohh, Trish, god, fuck me there!” I said. I hadn’t felt thar pleasure in so long. Trish began finger fucking my ass in earnest, and gently nibbling at my clit. “Uhh, uhh, uhh,” was all I could manage to get out, as sensations coursed throughout me. “Uhh, fuck, fuck. Fuck me Trish, I love it, I love you! Fuck my ass, deeper, DEEPER! FUCK ILOVEHOWYOU'RE FUCKINGMYHOLEFUCK FUCKBITEMYCLITFUCKMY HOLEBITECLITHOLEFUCK!!!!

I redoubled my lapping at her clit, and took it between my lips, gently squeezing it there, while licking the tip. "Ohh, nice, nice, yes, yes, yes YESSSS! OH GODOHGOD YESYESYES!!!” Trish exclaimed as she came, and bucked her hips up into my face. I rode her movements out, not letting go of her delicious clitoris, and now bringing my hands to her ass, to mimic what she’d done with me. As my finger eased into her wet, hot ass hole for the first time, she came yet again, and I, too came again as I thought how nasty I was with a finger inside another woman’s tight ass, bringing her the ultimate pleasure.
