 Robyn sat at my side, her emerald eyes blazing with lust as she looked at my naked body. Nude herself, she was holding our strap-on in her hand. Bringing it to her mouth, she ran her tongue up and down it's length. For some reason, I couldn't move, so I just lay there before her watching as she continued her oral ministrations on the sex toy. Her other hand rose to cup her breast, her thumb circling the nipple and I watched as it stiffened. Now she was sliding the length of the fake cock between her lips, deep-throating it and moaning as she did.

I felt myself become aroused, watching Robyn as she blew the strap-on. I longed to touch her, but I just couldn't move. Seeming to understand both my predicament and my desires, she slid her hand from her breast and down her slim stomach and between her legs. She spread her lips with her fingers and I could see how wet she was. Her clit was engorged and peeking out from under it's hood and I watched as Robyn slid one finger up her slit to wet it and then begin to rub her hardened nub.

Still looking me in the eye with desire burning in hers, Robyn slid the strap-on from her lips and began to fasten it around her hips. Once she was finished, I watched in amazement as it transformed from a rubber toy and bonded to her as a flesh and blood cock! I looked up to meet her eyes to see if she shared my shock, but it was no longer Robyn next to me, but a man. He smiled and positioned himself between my legs. Somehow though, everything seemed to be right. Of course there is a man here ready to fuck my brains out. And I wanted him to. I wanted him bad. Suddenly I realized I could move and I hooked my hands behind my knees, pulling my legs up and wide, exposing my pussy to him in invitation. He accepted and with a firm push he split me wide open.

I gasped in pleasure as he slid inside me so easily, even though he was larger than any man I had ever had in me before. His hands grasped my hips, pulling me onto his massive cock again and again, and I moaned and panted in ecstasy. He began a smooth back and forth motion, and I reached down to stimulate my clit in time with his thrusts. I was so wet and so eager to cum, I began to buck my hips, trying to fit even more of the man's huge cock inside of me. It took only a few minutes before he began to thrust hard, fast, and deep and I think I screamed when he did. An orgasm crashed through me like a tidal wave and at the same time I felt him cum inside me, his semen hot and...

I woke up suddenly, instantly confused by the lack of a man above me. My eyes darted back and forth trying to make sense of my surroundings and it took me a moment to recognize my brother's room. I was home for winter break, and staying with my parents. I was in my brother's room because my grandparents were also with us and they got my room. A second later I realized that my hand was between my legs, soaked with my juices, where I had apparently been touching myself while I was asleep. Thank God my brother was at a friend's house that night. I would have died if he had caught me masturbating.

Then again, it may not have happened if he had been here. I had gotten into the habit of sleeping naked ever since Robyn and I had started our relationship. Staying at home, however, left me few opportunities to sleep in the nude, so I had grasped this chance while my brother wasn't here. Being naked and missing Robyn, it was no wonder I had an erotic dream. I thought back on my dream with mixed feelings. For one, I felt quite aroused, despite the fact that I had already had an orgasm in my sleep. I had heard of wet dreams, but only in relation to guys, and had no idea girls could have them too. Secondly, I realized that it had been a long time since I had had a real penis inside me. Not since Mike, my jerk ex-boyfriend from over a year ago. Robyn and I had used the strap-on, and it did feel wonderful, but it just wasn't the same as a real honest-to-God cock. I kind of wanted to feel that again.

Lastly, I felt a bit guilty. Here I was in a relationship with a woman that I did love. Robyn was my best friend and more and made me feel better than any man ever had. Why should I long for a man when she fulfilled me so much more? Admittedly, we had no assumptions that our relationship was forever. I mean, we weren't really lesbians. At least, I didn't think so. Lesbians are attracted to other women while we were only attracted to each other, which in my mind is a distinct difference. 

I think we both wanted to move on eventually, to find men that we would someday marry, have kids, and settle down. At least I knew that is what I wanted, and we couldn't have that if we were together. Besides, this was my last year of college, and she had a few more years yet if she was going to be a nurse. Most likely I would end up moving away to a job while she stayed behind for her degree. Our relationship had never been a forever-and-ever thing from the very start.

I shook my head to clear it of unpleasant thoughts and instead focused on my hand, still between my wet folds. As I mentioned before, I was still feeling aroused and since I had the room to myself for possibly the only time this vacation, I might as well take advantage of it. I closed my eyes, picturing the man from my dream again. 

He was faceless, but had a great body and a large cock. A twinge of guilt hit me again as I hadn't masturbated to thoughts of anyone but Robyn since we had started our relationship, but I banished it quickly. This was a fantasy and had nothing to do with my girlfriend. I remembered the feeling of the dream man moving inside me and began to push my fingers between my pussy lips in the same way. My other hand moved up and over my breasts, playing a little with each as my fingers slid in and out of my wet pussy, the heel of my hand grinding against my clit with each thrust.

My hips began moving against my hand seemingly on their own as I began to feel an orgasm building. Yet, even though they felt good, my fingers just could not duplicate the memory of the man thrusting inside me with that large cock of his. I opened my eyes and looked around the room, desperate to find something to really fill me up. I finally saw an empty glass Coke bottle on my brother's desk and quickly snatched it up. Turning it upside down, I placed the opening on the bed and straddled the bottle. If I hadn't still been half-asleep and so damn horny, I never would have done this, but I was so I did. I held the bottle at my opening and began to lower myself onto it. My eyes closed once again, picturing myself kneeling above the dream man, slowly impaling myself on his very hard and very large cock. I giggled a little as my tired brain latched on to how close the word "cock" was to "Coke". My giggle became a soft moan of mixed pain and pleasure as the bottle began to slide into me. Since I was using the bottom of the bottle, there was no gradual increase in size, just a large, flat cylinder making it's way inside me. As such, the initial insertion was a little painful, but I was so wet that before long my lower lips were touching the bed, the bottle in me fully.

I began to move myself up again, the bottle's natural shape letting it fall out of me as I did. The springs of the bed gave off low squeaks as I did, and I winced a little, hoping no one in the house heard them, but horniness won out over caution and I kept going. I moved up maybe four inches before letting my weight fall back on the bottle, shoving it inside me again. I began to rub my clit with one hand as I moved up and down the bottle, envisioning my dream man's throbbing member. My breasts began to bounce up and down with my movements, and I imagined the man leaning up to suck first one nipple, then the other, my free hand acting as his lips. I had to bite my own lip in order to keep a small squeal of pleasure from escaping me. My fingers quickened on my clit and with one last hard push down, burying the bottle deep in my pussy, my orgasm erupted. I held my breath, knowing a scream of ecstasy would come with it if any escaped as I came and came. Only my fingers moved on my clit as my body stiffened in sustained pleasure. I held this pose for I don't know how long before the orgasm finally abated. I fell backwards, my head hanging off the edge of the bed and felt it as the bottle slid from between my lips when my pussy involuntarily spasmed, trying to clench the object that had filled it so well.

I lay there, panting, savoring the feeling of the best orgasm I had had in weeks. Once again an image of Robyn flashed through my mind, this time looking sad and hurt, a face she never really made. Thinking of this made me sad as well. I knew I had to tell her about my dream, although I thought I might leave off what I had just done. We didn't hide important things from each other, and if I was desiring a man enough to fuck a Coke bottle, then my girlfriend needed to know. "Shit," I said to the empty room. 

********

Robyn's body stiffened as she emitted a long loud moan. I continued to rock my hips through her orgasm, thrusting the strap-on in and out of her, feeling her juices run down onto me. With her head thrown back, her long hair tickled my thighs as the ends just brushed against my skin, which only caused me to twitch more. After a moment she collapsed atop me, giving me a tight hug, which I returned. Her lips found mine and her tongue slipped inside my mouth, and once again that day I tasted myself on her. I inhaled her scent, a lovely mix of her sweat, her lavender body wash, and her musk, an aroma that always made a tingle run through my body. We lay there on my bed, embracing and kissing as she recovered from her orgasm.

Winter break had been over with for a couple of weeks now. I had told Robyn about my dream on our first day back together. I had been apologetic but straightforward, admitting how I had fantasized about a man for the first time since the two of us had become lovers, but reassuring her that I loved her and still wanted her. Robyn had erupted in laughter. "Allie, you are so cute," she managed to gasp at last, nearly in tears. I began to get a little angry, which she must have noticed because she made an obvious effort to get her laughter under control. "Allie," she said, "I don't own you. You are allowed to fantasize about whatever you want." She placed her hands on my shoulders and looked deep into my eyes. "I know we may not be together forever, but just as long as I get to be with you and wake up next to your beautiful body," she leaned in and kissed my cheek, "see your beautiful face," she kissed the other cheek then whispered in my ear, "and eat out your delicious pussy in the meantime, everything else goes." She pressed her lips against mine and I embraced her. Together we moved towards her bedroom, lips locked, shedding clothes the entire way. Then, well...you get the idea.

Getting back to the present, Robyn finally pulled back and sighed in pleasure. "You know, I've been thinking," she said. "You are right. As wonderful as this all is," she pressed her hips down, giving emphasis to the strap-on still inside her, "it's no replacement for the real thing." She looked me in the eye and said, "I think we should get ourselves a man for the night."

I just stared at her, dumbfounded. "What?"

"You know," she continued, "a man. A male. A flesh-and-blood dick that can fuck us silly. A one-night stand. A menage-a-trois. Do I need to go on?" Robyn's eyes were sparkling in a familiar way. They spoke to me of fun, lust, daring, adventure, and most of all challenge. She knew I had never been a one-night stand kind of girl, even though it was a similar one-time only sexual encounter that had ultimately brought us together. She was pushing me, seeing if I would stretch my boundaries once again. She had tried this once before when seeing if I would try anal stimulation. While she enjoyed it, and we had purchased a butt plug for her to indulge her fetish, penetration had not felt very good to me, although I did enjoy the rim-job she gave me. Still, I had let her try, so she had made me broaden my horizons, and now she was trying for it again. At the same time, it did sound somewhat appealing, Robyn having a gift of making the most outlandish things sound reasonable.

I thought about the last time I had fucked a guy, my ex-boyfriend Mike. He had been no slouch when it came to sex, and the real thing was definitely a better feeling than the lifeless sex toy Robyn and I had been using since the beginning of this school year. It would feel good to have a man between my legs again, and the fact that Robyn had brought it up meant that things would be fine between us too. Hell, with the two of us together it wouldn't feel like cheating at all, but more like having a living, breathing sex toy for us to play with. Yeah, that's how I would think of it, just another toy to pleasure each other with.

I suddenly realized Robyn was waiting for a response, and just by the look in her eyes I could tell that she knew she had won. But I wasn't going down (so to speak) without a fight. "Fine, but I'm laying down some ground rules," I said. "Firstly, not tonight. Tonight I just want you for myself."

She let out a sound not unlike a purr and said, "Sounds good. Go on."

"Secondly," I continued, "we need a pack of condoms, since I don't trust a random guy we pick up to have some and there's no way I'm doing this unprotected."

"Agreed," she said. "Anything else?"

I nodded and rolled over, so that I was laying on top of her. "Third..." I sat up and unfastened the strap-on then pulled it out from between Robyn's folds. I licked the tip, tasting her juices, before handing it to her. "Third, show me why I'm with you and not some well-hung stud." Robyn smiled and sat up. She tossed the strap-on over her shoulder, then reached out and pushed me onto my back. A moment later she buried her face between my legs and began caressing my clit with her tongue, doing her best to meet my third rule. Ten minutes of Robyn's skilled tongue and fingers, an exquisite orgasm, and a few minutes of afterglow later, I broke off our kiss and asked, "Okay, so how are we going to do this?"

*********************

Robyn had planned well. Instead of the next night, we waited until Friday, so all the bars and clubs in town would be packed with both guys and girls looking for some action. Additionally, she had "sluttied" us up, as she had put it. It was winter, and very cold out, but we went to the club she chose wearing babydoll tops with no bras underneath and she had me wearing a short skirt while she wore some of the tiniest shorts I had ever seen. We both wore thigh high stockings, mine held up by a garter belt Robyn had gotten somewhere, and black boots. Robyn had put on some suspenders as well, which ran along the outer edge of her breasts, pushing them together and really making them stand out. Our nipples were practically bursting through the cotton tops because of the cold, and I had to admit that mine were also hard because of how aroused I felt. I knew why we were going out, and my body was responding, although I don't think I had ever had such a case of butterflies in my stomach.

When we reached the club and entered, my body shivered as the warm air swept over me, grateful to be out of the bitter chill. Lights flashed and the music pounded though my body, some kind of dance beat that was so generic in these establishments. The smell of cigarette smoke was thick in the air, but scents of sweat and the occasional patch of weed were also present. There were a lot of people out on the floor, moving and jumping in a way that I guess you could call dancing, although it looked more to me like small seizures. I half expected everyone to fall down and start foaming at the mouth at any second. As you may have guessed by now, clubbing wasn't really my thing, and I realized that Robyn had managed to make me leave my comfort zone yet again. Sneaky bitch.

When I turned to glare at her, I realized she had already moved towards the bar. I noticed how the eye of nearly every guy was on her, whether they were with a girl or not. Robyn moved with a sensuous grace through the mass throng that you couldn't help but admire. Her long hair swayed with every step, her footfalls landing with each beat of the music, and her body made serpentine motions to avoid people as she moved through the crowd. Yet I noticed that as she passed men her erect nipples would often brush against their arm, or her hand might slightly trail over their butt or even across the front of their pants. Where she went, the people she passed took notice. She was like Viagra on legs in the club that night and I just hoped she remembered that we were trying to bring one guy home with us, not twenty.

She reached the bar and quickly had guys rushing to buy her drinks. Her eyes met mine briefly and she gave me a wink, then turned to one of the guys and struck up a conversation. I sighed, envying the ease with which Robyn seemed to do nearly everything, and began to make my own way to the bar. I was not nearly so graceful, unfortunately. After jostling a dozen elbows and stepping on a few toes I managed to trip and quickly pushed my hands forward to break my fall. A hand grabbed my arm and another appeared around my waist. I saw a cup hit the ground and spill amber liquid all over the floor, but the hands prevented me from landing in the puddle. I looked up to see that the hands belonged to a brown haired guy who had caught me and stopped my fall.

"Are you okay," he said. Well, more like yelled to be heard over the loud 'thump thump' of the music.

I nodded. He was a pretty good looking guy. His hair was neatly trimmed and his square jaw was clean shaven. Slight wrinkles at the edges of his warm brown eyes suggested to me that he smiled a lot. What? So I noticed his eyes. I like eyes. They are the windows of the soul, you know? Anyway, he struck me as friendly, and feeling as out of my element as I did, any friendliness was appreciated. Of course, the stupidest thing in the world flashed through my head and out of my mouth. "You spilled your beer."

He glanced at the cup on the floor, it's contents scattered all around us. We were kind of isolated as other people had moved away to avoid the stream of beer and I happened to spy Robyn at the bar. She was watching me and gave me a mocking thumbs up. Before I could give her the finger back, the man looked back to me. 

"That's okay," he said, "it's not everyday I get to catch a falling star."

I felt flattered at the same time I recognized an obvious pick up line. I readjusted my glasses which had jostled unevenly at my near fall and said, "Think that one up yourself, did you?"

"Nah," he returned, "read it online with dozens of others. But I never thought I'd actually get to use it."

He smiled at me and I couldn't help it. I burst out laughing. "My hero," I declared. "Let me buy you another beer as a thank you, and you can try some of the other lines on me and see if any work."

"That's a deal," he said, "but only as long as I don't have to wear my cape. It's just too hot in here." We made our way over to the bar, on the other side of it from Robyn who was still surrounded by guys and a few girls as well. I bought my rescuer a beer and he insisted upon purchasing me one as well. We got to talking and he introduced himself as Brian. When I told him my name, he asked, "Allie, huh? Like an alley cat?" Again he smiled, and I could tell he was teasing.

I tilted my head at him in surprise. I had actually never noticed that obvious pun in my name and it had never been pointed out to me by anyone else either. "Huh, I like that," I told him. "Allie cat."

"So," Brian asked, "where do I pet you to make you purr?"

I arched an eyebrow at him. "Is this another cheesy pick-up line?"
