 "Frederika?"

I looked up from my computer screen. It was Carla, standing in the doorway of my downtown Seattle office with a gilt-edged envelope in her hand.

"Yes?"

"I'm such a dork this week. I got an invitation from a friend of a friend to check out the grand opening of this new jewelry store in Capitol Hill. But I just realized I can't go. I totally forgot I have yoga tonight. I know this is late notice, but would you like to go instead?"

"Oh sure, that sounds like fun. But what time is it?"

"It's from 6 to 9. The address is on the invitation." I took the envelope from her, opened it, and scanned the details. "Delilah's Treasures...one-of-a-kind creations in gold, silver, and copper for the woman who knows what she wants...canapes and wine." Well, that sounded all right.

"Hmm. I'm having dinner at my sister's place tonight, but you know, I should be able to pop in on the way home. Thanks, Carla."

At 8:30, I parked the car on East Mercer and walked about a block north. At first I wasn't sure if I'd found the right address: the sign on the ground-floor location was very discreet, and although lit up, the place appeared to be empty. But then I spotted two women hovering around a table of half-devoured hors-d'oeuvres at the back. I stepped down off the curb and opened the door.

Inside the intimately lit store, Thievery Corporation's "Until the Morning" throbbed softly in the background. I scanned the gleaming display cases that ringed the walls as the taller of the two women - curvy, late 40's, and wearing a black St. John Collection pant suit - came over toward me. She flicked a lock of her long, black curly hair off her square-framed eye glasses and extended her hand.

"I'm Delilah Cohen," she said with a smile. "Welcome to Delilah's Treasures."

"Oh hi, I'm Frederika, and I'm just here for your grand opening," I said. Her fingers were long and deliciously cool, and we both held on a trace longer than we needed to.

"Namaste," Delilah said. "It's an honour to have you with us, Frederika. As you can see, most of our guests left earlier, but we'd love to show you around. This is my partner, Julie Latendresse."

Julie finished tidying up the hors-d'oeuvres and hurried over to be introduced. Wearing a short blue silk party dress, she sported a blonde ponytail and her cheeks had a girlish, pink flush. "Can I please get you a glass of Merlot or Chardonnay?" she asked with a French-Canadian accent.

"I'll take a Merlot," I said, before turning my attention back to Delilah. "I love the way you've laid out the display cases. Wasn't this a little contemporary art gallery before?"

"They closed back in May," explained Delilah. "We spent the last two months renovating and just put the finishing touches on."

"So how long have you two been working together?" I asked, accepting my wine from Julie and taking a long sip.

"Well, we actually met in Montreal about eight years ago, and we moved out here in 2009," Deborah said. "You see, Julie is my life partner. This is the very first time we've gone into business together, but so far, it's working out just as well as I anticipated."

"You have exquisite taste," I said, which brought a little more colour to Julie's cheeks. "I like that silver collar Julie has on. Did you design that?"

"Everything you see in here is my handiwork," Delilah stated. "My original background was interior decorating, but I love the powerful effect that beautifully designed jewelry can have on women."

"She is incredibly talented," Julie said, squeezing Delilah's hand. "What I do is take care of the bookkeeping, the inventory, the ad sales...I do whatever Delilah needs done to make sure that she is always free to create."

"That sounds like a wonderful working arrangement," I said in a low voice. What I was beginning to discern about the relationship between these two openly lesbian women was turning me on. Not to mention the hot, insistent eye contact between Delilah and me, which, frankly, had me throbbing with excitement.

"Would you like a tour of the store?" Delilah inquired.

"I'd like nothing better," I replied, finishing off my wine.

"Over here, we have my signature amethyst pendant," Delilah said, placing her hand on my waist and guiding me toward the nearest display case. Julie unlocked it and brought out a pendant with a glistening, light purple gem.

"The gemstone is mined in Senegal, and I've set it centrally in a 24-karat gold lotus flower pattern," Delilah explained. "It's a visual metaphor for the liberation of a woman's latent sensuality. Do you like it?"

"It's gorgeous," I said. "Let me try it on."

Julie unclipped the pendant and handed it to Delilah, who stood close behind me as she hung it around my neck. I could feel her soft breath on my skin, and her nipples felt deliciously hard as they brushed up against my back.

"It goes perfectly with that outfit of yours," said Julie, who watched us with a shy smile. "C'est magnifique."

"How much is it?" I inquired.

"Two hundred dollars," said Delilah.

"That's all?"

"That's what Portia de Rossi said when she came in yesterday," said Delilah with a laugh. "She's shooting a TV movie in town, and she bought one pendant for herself and another for Ellen. But I think it looks even better on you."

"Oh my, you're quite the saleswoman," I said, giving Delilah a light slap on the arm.

Delilah gave me a wicked smile and guided me over to the next display case. "I'm only getting started. We have a matching amethyst ring. It would be perfect for you."

Julie took out the ring, As Delilah cradled my right hand between her hands, Julie slid the ring slowly on to my middle finger.

"Wearing it there represents your individuality and the balance you seek in your life," Delilah murmured. "What do you think?"

"I think I've come to the right place," I replied. "And I think you're going to give me a special deal on the pendant and the ring."

Delilah laughed. "Oh, a kindred spirit. How does three hundred even sound?"

As Julie rang up my purchases, I put my hand on Delilah's arm. "I'm really glad I came in. You have an amazing business here."

"I hope we see you again," Delilah said meaningfully. "You know, Frederika, we have a cottage on Lopez Island, and I've decided to hold a weekend retreat over Labor Day for special customers of the store. Probably just Julie, myself, and two or three other like-minded women. Julie is a fabulous cook and housekeeper, and she used to work at the Marriott as a massage therapist. There'll be no cost but transportation and food. All you'd need to do is show up, do a little swimming and sunbathing, maybe join in our drum circle. Oh, and we're doing a catalogue photo shoot for my new intimate collection. I trust this isn't too forward, but I'd love to persuade you to model."

"Your intimate collection?" I said. "That sounds intriguing." Julie handed me the bag.

"Oh, believe me, it is," Delilah said. "Will we see you in September?"

In reply, I leaned forward as if I were about to kiss Delilah full on the mouth. I stopped just short and murmured: "I'll see you in September."

Without another word, I turned and left the store, feeling the lustful gaze of the two women upon me.

This is the letter that I wrote to Delilah after our September rendezvous:

Dear Delilah,

Where to begin? What a lovely long weekend. Thank you again for inviting me to join you and your friends on Lopez Island. I should have known that the photo shoot for your intimate collection would only be the beginning.

Please be sure to forward the images of me modelling the mermaid-themed silver nipple clamps on the beach. I'd like to receive both the version that will appear in the catalogue and the one you took afterwards - where I took off the eye mask, cupping and stroking my breasts, while Julie knelt at the bottom of the rock, worshipping my Italian leather boots with her tongue.

Julie certainly is a dedicated slave. Oh, the things we made her do. I'm so glad your little French-Canadian wench understands and accepts the fact that you and I are goddesses, and deserve to be treated that way. Her manicures and pedicures were divine, as were the massages on that blanket at the edge of the forest.

I love how we established the pecking order, both publicly and privately. Making Julie wear a thick leather collar to the grocery store and load up all the bags while you and I openly flirted with the young woman at the cash register. That woman knows that you and Julie are in a relationship, doesn't she? How deliciously nasty of you to make it plain - with your arm right around my waist - that you were going to be enjoying a new, superior lover in me that night. Putting Julie in her place is so much fucking fun.

That first dinner with Tamara and Lynn was exquisitely delicious - and I don't just mean the baked salmon and summer salad Julie prepared and served up for us on a white line tablecloth with flickering beeswax candles. I also relished the opportunity to tell the other women that you and I, Delilah, would be sharing the king-sized bed in the master chamber, while they'd take the (also very nice) doubles in the other room.

You called it a cottage, but that's a bit of a misnomer, isn't it? Two thousand square feet of polished wood beams...just a beautiful job. I do also enjoy that it's not overly soundproof. At night, when you and I were kissing, sucking each other's tits, and fisting each other, I could hear Tamara groaning and masturbating herself to a wonderful orgasm on the other side of the wall.

Good thing I invited her to come in and join us afterwards. It's hard to believe she spends all day sitting on her ass at a certified general accounting firm. Tamara has such a marvelously curvy, soft-skinned ass.

Hmm...I suppose that's why you and I graciously invited Tamara to join in when we unchained Julie from her slave hitching post in the living room, brought her to our chamber, and then held her down, ordering her to lick first my asshole, then yours, and then Tamara's while we played with one another's cunts. While I was recovering from my first orgasm, you held me with your face against your breasts and stroked my hair gently. You know, Delilah, I wasn't surprised to find out that you're an eldest sister. I could almost tell immediately from the rapport we've developed.

From the way you were touching me and the sound of Tamara's loud grunts of pleasure, I got so heated up I was almost ready to explode, and had to have Julie tonguefuck my asshole again, this time with Tamara eating me. I loved that Lynn came in to watch it all happen along with you. Your rhythmic chants of "Fuck her, suck her, make her come! Fuck her, suck her, make her come!" drove me right over the edge.

Lynn is a sweet girl. I'm hoping we can persuade her to do more at the next gathering. She told me she's going to split up with her boyfriend before the end of the month. Lynn has that slender yet busty look that I love, and the look in her eyes when she was watching us really turned me on. At least we got her to participate during the anal ring toss game we played on the beach, with Julie's ass up in the air and that long plastic rod protruding.

Remember how the woman from the grocery store drove by on the water in her motor boat and honked while we were playing? I was completely naked and I turned around and just showed her everything, even reaching down to part my proudly unshaven pussy lips for her. I love exposing my vagina in public, particularly if there is a chance that strangers will see it. I did a little bit of that at the sex trade show at the convention center this year, but now know I want to do much more.

Oh, and next time when we discipline Julie? You are so handy with the flogger, and I love to spank. I think we should divide our duties accordingly; I'm hoping you'll agree. Getting really turned on just thinking about leaving a nice, red hand print on that little bitch's ass...

Well, I have to go now. Can't wait until October. Meanwhile, I will drop by the store after hours on Wednesday for a little bit of lights-out, top-of-the-counter play. See you then. 

In lustful remembrance,

Frederika