 For a graduation present my aunt gave me a Yorkshire terrier. Remembering that Mrs. Brigman had a yorkie, I called and shared my news about Nutmeg. Mrs. Brigman was an English teacher that I absolutely loved! She taught me a lot, and during her class we grew to know each other as friends. I often had many sexual fantasies about her, but never dreamed of making one come true. She was really beautiful! She had short dark brown hair, about the same color as mine, and beautiful blue eyes. Anyway, I called her and she was really happy for me. Mrs. Brigman said that I should bring Nutmeg over to here house so Nutmeg could meet her yorkie, Roxy. I agreed and I set a date and time to go over.

Before I knew it, I was in my Jeep on the way to her house. Suddenly I awoke myself from my daydream and found that I was standing at her door. I started knocking and before too long, Mrs. Brigman answered. We began talking immediately, and Roxy took Nutmeg off to play. Mrs. Brigman and I decided to go to the kitchen to have some coffee.

"So Renee, how has your summer been since I last saw you?" she inquired. Slowly, I started to answer, "Well Mrs. Brigman, it has been pretty good. I went to the beach with someone and I just recently got back." 

She started smiling again, and asked me, "Did you go to the beach with Trey McGarity? Oh, and I told you the last time to call me Iris." I blushed and debated whether to tell her the truth or not, but I decided to go ahead. 

"Yes, I was at the beach with Trey. We had a marvelous time." (Trey was a married man that had also been my biology teacher in high school. Iris and Trey were both mutual friends) Iris then took a sip of her coffee, but I saw her smile that was meant to be hidden by the cup. "Ahhh, that's nice. Renee, I want to ask you a few questions, but you don't have to answer them. I really hope you will though." I wondered what kind of questions the "Southern Belle" had, so I replied, "Sounds fair enough, go ahead and ask." Then once again I saw that charming Southern smile of hers. 

"Do you like fucking older men?" I was in shock! This was my perfect Southern Belle using those words? I guess she saw my face, because she giggled a little bit.

"Actually Iris, Trey is the only person I have ever been with, so I guess I do, if all older guys fuck as well as he does." She got some more coffee and agreed that older men fuck better than younger ones. 

Then she said, "You mean to tell me that Trey is the only man you have ever been with? That is just unbelievable!" I replied it was true, but she still didn't believe that, "a beautiful and charming girl like myself was a virgin for so long." 

After a while our conversation took many twists and turns. We talked about everything from sex to children, then my future to sex, and then to travel. Iris traveled a lot! She told me of some of the places she had been, and I was just amazed. She asked if I wanted to see a Celtic cross she had from Ireland, and of course I did. I followed her to her guest bedroom, wear she showed me the cross that sat upon the dresser. It was really beautiful. I picked it up and examined it closely. Suddenly I felt Iris' hands on my neck. She then started playing with my long hair that stayed draped across my shoulders. 

Then she whispered in my ear, "Renee, I don't want to alarm you, but I have wanted to make love to you ever since the first class I had with you. I wanted to explore both your body and your mind. Through the class I explored your mind, but now I want to explore your body. I am mentally and physically attracted to you, and I needed to let you know that." 

I was so shocked! I didn't know whether to cry or just stand there. When I finally snapped out of the moment, I slowly turned around and kissed Iris on her cheek. "Iris, I felt the same way about you, and right now I feel that we should both do some exploring." With that Iris leaned in and kissed me passionately on the lips. When the kiss finally broke, Iris lead me to stand in front of the bedroom window. All I could think about was that all this started out as being an innocent attraction to my English teacher, and now I was about to have sex with her.

When we were in front of the window I started to slowly undress. I removed my shirt and track shorts and thought of how I had discarded my shoes long ago. As I stood there in my bra and panties, I wondered what Iris was thinking. When I reached for her shirt tail, she removed my hands and discarded her shirt and slacks herself. I gazed at her body and was enchanted by it. Her breasts were just a little bigger than mine and were still very firm. Her hips had more of a curve than mine, and her stomach had the perfect feminine swell. I gently placed my arms around her and hugged her. 

I whispered, "Iris, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen." With that she cupped my face and gently kissed my eyelids. I removed my underwear and Iris lead me to the bed. She started to slowly knead and kiss my breasts. She was driving me insane by running her velvety tongue over my nipples and then gently biting them. Iris then ran a line with her tongue from my breast to my pussy. Slow soft laps at my pussy generated blissful moans from me. Finally when Iris had enough of teasing me she focused on my clit and sucked down hard. My hips started swaying and my fingers involuntarily started grabbing Iris' head urging her to suck harder. While never taking her eyes off of me, she watched me cum. 

I then had the pleasure of returning the favor of licking her pussy. I swear it was heavenly. She cam hard all over my face, then we laid in her bed until we heard her husband come home. I panicked and she reassured me everything was fine. She went to greet him while I caught a quick shower. 

When I got out, to my surprise the Brigmans were laying on the bed talking and kissing! While in shock, I managed to stammer, "Ummm, hello Mr. Brigman." His eyes sparkled and he answered, "Hi Renee, You can call me Alan. Iris told me all about ya'll's escapade today. It seems ya'll had a great afternoon." I didn't really know what to say because I didn't know how he would take what I really wanted to say. Well, I decided to tell him anyway. 

"Mr. Brigman, I mean Alan, Iris and I really had a wonderful afternoon. This afternoon's events are something I wish to continue. I really hope you don't mind, but I want to keep seeing Iris on a personal level." When I said this, Alan and Iris both stood up and walked towards me. Iris kissed me fully on the lips and said, "I really want that to happen too Renee." With those words she pulled the thin robe I had on, off and walked behind me. She started caressing my back and neck when Alan stepped in front of me. He slid his hand over my shoulder and said, "That is what I want too Darlin...."

To Be Continued...