 Jack sat on the edge of the bed looking down at the book in his hand incredulously. He couldn't believe what he just read. He had just learned more about his wife, Mattie in 10 minutes than he had ever known in all of their 10 years together. Her journal revealed things about her that he just couldn't believe were true. He had been looking for a way to help her be more sexually open-minded for years and now he held the manual in his hands. With a smile, he began to formulate a plan.

Mattie unloaded her heavy armload of groceries on the kitchen table. "Thank God I'm home." she muttered to herself. It had been one of those days. At the children's center where she volunteered, she had gotten bitten, beaten, and abused by an angry seven-year old little girl. On her way home, she had stopped at the grocers to pick up the ingredients for that night's dinner. The parking lot hadn't seem to be too terribly packed but when she entered the store, she found herself in the middle of a shopper war zone. She'd been bumped into and run over by the professional shoppers and now her aching body was begging for some relief. 

After she had stashed all of the food away, she walked toward her bedroom, stripping her clothes off. What she wanted...no, what she needed was a long, hot soak before Jack came home. Holding her clothes in her arms, she entered her bedroom and let out a surprised scream. Bound to her bed was a naked woman. She was just about to demand that the woman tell her who she was and why in the hell she was in her bed, when she noticed the woman was not only tied spread-eagle but also gagged. Mattie thought that she had seen the woman smile a little at her surprise. 

The lady nodded her head toward the night table and Mattie crossed the room, completely forgetting her own nakedness. On the table, there was her journal open to the entry of June 20st and a note from Jack. It said, "Hey angel, This is Anna. Have fun. I won't be home until late tonight. Love you, Jack." Mattie read the entry for June 20st...her fantasy about tying a woman to the bed and having her way with her. She felt a rush of anger at his invasion of her privacy but she also began to feel aroused. She never would have done this for herself, no matter how much she wanted it, and Jack knew that.

Turning to face the woman on the bed, Mattie felt surprisingly calm. She drunk in the sight of the beautiful woman waiting for her to run her hands up and down those soft curves. Anna had long strawberry blonde hair that had been carefully arranged over her so that her breasts just peeked through. Her pale skin looked smooth and soft. She had a shapely, voluptuous body that was just begging to be touched. 

Mattie had been absently circling her nipples with her thumbs while her eyes moved over her soon-to-be lover. She looked into Anna's blue eyes and saw the desire there. Kneeling down beside her head, Mattie untied the gag, leaned over, and kissed her deeply. When she lifted her head, Anna grumbled in protest. Mattie smiled down at her, feeling emboldened by her complete control. She brushed Anna's hair out of the way, exposing her large, perfectly shaped tits and heard her sharp intake of breath when she lightly brushed over her large brown nipples. They became instantly erect, showing her how aroused Anna was becoming. Mattie felt herself growing wet with desire. She ran her fingers slowly down Anna's stomach and creamy thighs making her arch her body up, begging for more. She knelt down between her widespread legs and kissed her way up to the spot where they joined. She could see the drops of desire glistening on the shaven pussy in front of her. She ran her tongue up one swollen lip and down the other. Mattie had never been with a woman before but she certainly knew how she liked to be pleasured. Anna was pulling against her restraints. "Please Mattie! Please suck my clit!" she groaned. Mattie just smiled and kept teasing her lightly with her tongue. She used two fingers to open Anna's cunt lips, exposing her pleasure spots completely. She started licking each and every drop of wetness there...it tasted so good. She then concentrated on the little nub that seemed to beckon her touch . Gingerly, she placed her thumb directly on it and pressed down. Anna's body jerked in response and she screamed "Oh yes! More!" Mattie thrusted her tongue as far it would go inside the dripping hole while her fingers danced over her clit. Anna was thrashing wildly and her passion juices flowed freely on her tongue. 

Mattie was almost as wet as the woman she was pleasuring. Jack had always enjoyed eating her and now she knew why. The taste, the smell, the act...it was all so intoxicating. Anna thrusted her hips up, forcing herself more closely to the mouth that was bringing her so much enjoyment. Mattie recognized the signs of an impending orgasm and started working more vigorously. She replaced her fingers with her tongue and reached up to tweak her nipples. These new sensations sent Anna over the edge and she came hard and loudly. Mattie lapped eagerly at the sweet tasting cum flowing out of her.

In the aftermath of her orgasm, Anna's body relaxed and she sighed contentedly. Before she had time to fully recover, Mattie was there, kneeling over her face. She gripped the headboard tightly and lowered herself until her cunt was right over Anna's mouth. Anna's tongue moved eagerly over the pussy above her. She flicked it in quick, short licks over Mattie's nub. Mattie had her head thrown back in abandonment of all her inhibitions. She was urging Anna on with words she had never before used during sex. That she had pleasured another woman before was obvious. Anna's mouth seemed to seek out places she never knew existed. Mattie wanted to feel her hands on her as well. She leaned over and untied the scarves that had bound Anna's wrists to the bed. As she worked magic with her mouth, she reached up and roughly squeezed Mattie's tits. She moaned loudly. Her tongue and fingers worked in a fevered rhythm--flicking, teasing, and probing until Mattie felt like her head would cave in. She gripped the headboard even tighter as the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced washed over her. 

Mattie and Anna laid holding each other and talking for over 3 hours after their lovemaking. They formed a bond of friendship and intense attraction as the evening wore on. In Anna, Mattie found a confidant to whom she felt comfortable sharing her most private thoughts and fantasies. 

Anna explained how Jack set up the surprise for her. She had an advertisement in the newspaper offering tutelage to curious women who have never been with another woman and he had ask her to come and fulfill this fantasy. She told Mattie some of the horror stories from some of the other women she’d been with and they laughed until their sides hurt. Before she got up to leave, she looked in Mattie's eyes and asked if they could get together again. Mattie answered her with a long, deep kiss.

Later that night when Jack came home, he found his wife sitting at the kitchen table, sipping wine, completely nude. She grinned broadly at him and he didn't have to ask how his surprise went over. "So are you going to see her again?" he asked with a smile. She just pointed to a piece of paper on the table bearing Anna's name, address, and phone number.