 The Corruption of Charli

The Orgy Aftermath

Joy and Austin had been reveling in the aftermath of their impromptu orgy at the hotel where they met and fucked Devin, David, Charli, and Heather. Reminiscing about that erotically crazy night had added even more sexual energy to their already amazing sex with one another. 

Joy found that her sex drive, already extremely high relative to any other woman she knew, had revved up to an almost unbearable level. She was obsessively horny and needed relief multiple times a day - either via sex with Austin or masturbation. She couldn't resist her urges and often masturbated in the restroom at work. Out of necessity, she had mastered the ability to orgasm silently - even though she found, to her frustration, that restraining her passionate screams did reduce the peak of her orgasms. Her body preferred to orgasm without restraint. 

Joy and Charli kept in touch via text in the first few days after their sexual adventure together. Both women were very happy to find a fit, sexy, experienced, and liberated bisexual woman. In their correspondence, both women flirted and made it clear that they wanted to get together again - to deepen their friendship and to enjoy more hot sex.

"Charli wants to meet me for drinks after work tomorrow," Joy told Austin. Joy pressed her naked body against his and pulled the sheet over both of them.

"Cool. I assume you want to see her - as much as you've been fantasizing about her lately."

"Well, yeah. She's sexy as fuck. Of course, I want to see her, but . . .," Joy paused and stroked Austin's jaw. "You and I haven't talked about ground rules or boundaries."

"Baby, there are no boundaries from me." He kissed her forehead. "I assumed you wanted to fuck her again. You know that I love your bisexuality. Go for it."

"But I'm not sure she's primarily interested in threesomes with us. I think she wants to have sex with me . . . alone."

"So? Are you worried that I'm insulted?" Austin asked playfully.

"I don't know . . . I thought maybe you would be jealous."

"Have I ever acted jealously?" Austin implored.

"Well, not jealous exactly . . . I mean, you know I'm not comfortable with you playing with other women without me, so I thought you might . . . you know . . . want it to be the same both ways." Joy sat up beside Austin. "You know what I mean."

Austin grabbed Joy's hips and pulled her hard back down beside him. "How many times do I have to tell you, baby. It's not quid pro quo. You can have sex with whoever you want, whenever you want. That's what's important to me. If it was important to me to have sex with other women without you, I'd tell you that honestly, but it's not."

"I know." Joy snuggled into Austin. "You amaze me."

"Baby, we have a very unbelievable sex life. I'm not pining for anything that I can't have. In fact, I'm thankful as hell for the crazy, incredible sex we have. It's way beyond anything I ever expected."

The two lovebirds held each other and were quiet for a while.

"I'm going to fuck her so well," Joy whispered. "I'm going to help her become the slut she really wants to be."

"I bet you will."

Joy and Charli One-on-One

The coffee shop was crowded when Joy walked in, but her eyes were immediately drawn to the shape of a tight young ass in black yoga pants in the line at the counter. A white hoodie and a blonde ponytail topped off that treat. As if on cue, the blonde turned and smiled when she saw Joy watching her. 

"Hey, girl!" Charli waved Joy over. The two women embraced warmly.

"I recognized your butt as soon as I walked in," Joy said as she stepped back to look at Charli. Charli had been dressed and dolled up for a night out and looked a few of years older when they met the first time. Without makeup and dressed casually, she looked like she might have graduated high school just last year.

Charli grazed her fingers across Joy's abs below her tight, white cropped T-shirt.

"I was beginning to think that my memory had exaggerated your awesome abs, but they are as incredible as I remember."

"You're sweet," Joy replied.

"How do you keep yourself in such great shape?"

Joy leaned in close to Charli's ear and whispered, "I fuck a lot." Joy's tongue briefly touched Charli's ear.

Charli turned her face to Joy's and flashed a big smile. "Sounds like the best workout plan ever!"

The women shuffled forward to the counter to order. As they did, Joy felt Charli rest her hand low on her hip with her forearm wrapped around Joy's waist. Joy smiled at Charli's sweet, but more-than-friendly gesture and she instinctively pressed her body in closer to Charli's. Inside, Joy's happiness blossomed. 

Joy and Charli sat shoulder-to-shoulder, leg-against-leg on a bench at the base of the coffee shop's front window. The long line for the coffee counter wound around just a few feet in front of them, but the proximity of so many other people didn't change the intimacy of their conversation or their enthusiasm for being pressed against one another. Their conversation was friendly chit-chat for a minute, but both women had the same topic on their minds.

"I have to tell you something about that night," Charli told Joy earnestly.

"Yes, of course, please do," Joy answered.

"I feel a little desperate telling you this, but for some reason, I know I can trust you . . . I can be vulnerable with you." Charli paused. Joy's kind eyes and Joy's hand squeezing her hand reassured her. 

"That whole night was the most sexually exciting thing that's ever happened to me. I've gotten a little crazy before, but that night . . . was ridiculously hot! I've been super-horny ever since. I've had, like, fifteen orgasms masturbating about it!" Charli stopped and looked around when she realized how loudly she had blurted all of that out. No one was staring at her, so she breathed. Her excitement was causing her to shiver slightly. Joy wrapped her arm around behind Charli and pulled her in tightly. This was the same way that Charli had helped her calm down as she waited for the hotel elevator that night in her transparent dress.

"I enjoyed all of it, every bit, but the thing that keeps me itching for more is how you took me 

. . . your enthusiasm, your power. I keep getting off of how good it felt to let go and let you have me, to let my body crave your body." Charli paused. She seemed to start breathing again after finally saying something she had been rehearsing, but afraid to say. "Is that weird?"

"No, sweetheart. It's not weird." Joy leaned forward and kissed Charli lightly, but lingeringly on her lips. Charli's hand squeezed Joy's bare thigh and she instantly felt the power of Joy's sexual animal again. Her pussy clenched involuntarily. 

"Charli, I feel the same way. I've been hornier than ever in my life . . . and that's saying something because I've always had a high sex drive. My life with Austin raised my libido to new heights, but the debauchery of that night . . . well . . . I feel like an addict. I want more."

"More of me?" Charli asked hopefully.

"Yes, more of you! More of all of it! With you." Joy kissed Charli again. This time their mouths opened and their tongues touched briefly. It was a small, but sexual, kiss between two very attractive women. In some places, this might not have garnered much notice, but in this conservative part of a conservative town, they had been noticed, with some shock, by several patrons.

"Listen to me, baby," Joy started again, "That night, I was only planning on giving Austin an amazing night out. I wore that x-rated dress as a special treat for him and we had a room booked, even though we live only a few miles away. That was so we could go straight from flirting and public exhibitionism to tearing our clothes off within a few minutes."

"But then, the chance to live out a long-time fantasy presented itself - getting to have two completely new men and Austin servicing me. I was totally up for that and Austin and I had shared this fantasy between us many times. However, I was totally shocked that you, especially you, showed up on the same night." Joy paused and searched Charli's eyes.

"I was super attracted to you as soon as I saw you watching me. I could tell you were my type. I could tell you were hungry for more sexual excitement. You got under my skin immediately. I loved the look on your face when I was letting Devin and David molest me in public."

"You molested them too!" Charli interjected.

"Hell, yes! Can you blame me? They needed to be seduced and prepared to pleasure me."

Both women laughed at Joy's statement.

"But girl, when you invited me to attack you in the elevator —"

"Did I?! I thought I just asked you if you liked girls." Charli interrupted.

"Oh, that body and those eyes made that question an invitation. Remember how sweet you were with me when we were waiting for the elevator. I could tell that you wanted me."

Charli looked down at her own lap. "Yes. Yes, I did."

Joy gently lifted Charli's chin. "I wanted you just as badly. When you came back to the room, you made my night. I knew then that we met for a reason."

"Can I tell you something else very personal?" Charli asked.

"Of course. Please."

"I like men too, but I've had some pretty lousy experiences with guys since high school and kind of focused more on my love of girls just because finding a guy that's not a big man-child is hard. " Charli squeezed in tight to Joy again and leaned in to whisper in her ear.

"But even when I'm with a girl, I feel this need to be penetrated. Toys are fun, but nothing feels as good as a real cock and Austin fucked me so well . . . Thank you for letting me borrow him. That night has rekindled my interest in finding a male friend with benefits."

"What if I told you that, in all of our crazy sex play, that was the first time I wanted to see Austin fuck someone else and the first time it's happened?" Joy whispered back to Charli.

"Uh uh!" Charli smacked Joy's forearm and exclaimed rather loudly. "Seriously?"

"Yes. And it was hotter than I had imagined." Joy added. "It's been something I've struggled with. He gives me complete freedom to have sex with anyone I want, but I'm not comfortable returning that same extreme level of freedom to him."

"Does that bother him?"

"No, not at all. He keeps telling me, reassuring me, that he doesn't expect me to allow him to do that just because he allows me. He doesn't even see it as 'allowing'. He wants us to have a shared sexual adventure in whatever form I'm comfortable with."

Joy paused and sipped her coffee. "Crap. We let these cool off," she told Charli.

"Well, the coffee might be cold, but this conversation has been scorching," Charli laughed. She paused for a moment, thinking. "So why me? Why allow him to fuck me?"

"Because I know what you mean by craving penetration when you're super-stimulated. It didn't seem right to deny you that."

Charli sipped her coffee and thought about Joy's reason. "But you could have had Devin fuck me instead."

Joy knew Charli was right. Her answer was incomplete. "Well . . . You asked for him, specifically. And I know how well he uses his cock. It may sound strange, but I felt honored that you asked me to let you have him. I felt empowered to give you a gift that you really wanted. And I felt empowered to give him a gift. After all, a hot college girl just asked to be fucked by him. I would've been an epically mean girlfriend to deny him that opportunity. Right?" 

Both women laughed. "Yes, now that you say it like that, it was really the only logical option."

"Exactly." Joy and Charli laughed more. Joy leaned in to Charli's ear. "Truthfully, except for me getting triple-fucked, watching Austin fuck you until you came was the hottest part of a very hot night."

"Damn. I am so fucking horny right now." Charli hissed into Joy's ear.

Joy slid her hand higher up Charli's thigh, around her hip, and onto her ass. She leaned forward and kissed Charli. This kiss was long. Their tongues caressed one another. 

When they broke the kiss, Charli looked around the crowded coffee shop. A dowdy woman with her young daughter scowled from a table across the room. Charli's eyes froze on hers for a moment. 

Joy noticed and whispered into Charli's ear, "You aren't living her life. You aren't living your life to please her or to fit within her rules for her life. You don't need her approval."

"It's hard not to be self-conscious," Charli answered. "My family has lived here for generations. We know everyone. My parents are very concerned about appearances. They would be horrified to know I like girls, much less to hear about me making out with a woman in public."

"That's sad. Parents should want to know who their children really are. Children should feel safest with their family." Joy replied.

Charli nodded and raised her eyebrows. She was about to say something, but Joy continued.

"However, you're not a child anymore. I can see in you a yearning to be yourself. To be a confident, sexy, powerful woman. I don't think you are willing to stay a child and live by the rules your parents have chosen for themselves." 

Joy could see tears in Charli's eyes. She wrapped her arm around Charli's shoulder. "Crying is ok too. I'll be a shoulder for you to cry on . . . but only if you are being your true self. I don't have time to waste on anyone who accepts becoming a facade. I'm sorry, but I've dealt with enough of that."

"You're right. I want to be myself and, fuck, I want more of the excitement we had together. I just don't know what the impact will be for me - in the rest of my life." Charli leaned forward and kissed Joy again, with passion. "All I know is that there's something about you, your presence, that brings out these urges in me."

"You just made my pussy so wet! I'm worried I'll have a wet spot on my skirt when I stand up." Joy whispered to Charli.

"Naughty slut. Are you not wearing panties under that short skirt?" Charli teased Joy.

"Never!" Joy answered with feigned indignation. "I only wear panties when my dress is too sheer to be legal otherwise . . . but, back to your urges . . . We're very close to Austin's place. He's not home, but I have a key . . . and I have time that I'd love to devote to you."

Charli's face grew a big, naughty smile. She stood up and reached down for Joy's hand. "I can't say no to that offer. What are we waiting for?"

Joy Continues Charli's Journey to Be Her True Slut

On the rooftop deck of Austin's home, Joy and Charli ignored the drinks Joy had made for them. They ignored the view. They ignored the very likely possibility that Austin's neighbors in the closely spaced homes along the river had a clear view of them. They kissed, caressed, and explored each other. 

This was an more intimate experience than their group sex first encounter. The two women enjoyed the softness of a slow, almost meditative start. Both of them craved the opportunity to relax and enjoy the other's femininity. With no rush, they fell into a moaning, sighing trance. Their kisses and touches slowly grew in intensity until Joy finally took Charli's hand and led her back inside to the bed on the other side of the French doors.

Joy picked up her phone and soon music played softly from the speaker beside the bed. The two women started back where they left off. Slowly, they peeled each other's clothes off. Joy pushed Charli back on the bed and worked her lips and tongue slowly from Charli's lips, down her young, smooth body, until she dragged her tongue lightly around Charli's bald pussy. 

At first, she carefully avoided Charli's clit. She licked and rubbed her lips along the sides of Charli's pussy and over her mound. She wrapped her teeth and lips over the tender tendon of Charli's inner thigh, biting into her with restrained pressure. 

Charli's body began to respond involuntarily. She squirmed and worked her pussy toward Joy's evading mouth. Charli needed to feel Joy's tongue on her clit, but Joy prolonged the tease, licking all around Charli's pussy until Charli was going crazy with need. Charli could no longer resist and her hands grabbed Joy's head to force her to hold still and allow her clit to find Joy's tongue.

Just at that moment, Joy attacked Charli's clit and labia with her tongue and lips. She licked up with her tongue, spread wide across Charli's clit, then swirled down and dipped her pointed tongue into Charli's dripping wet pussy. Charli's young body undulated and twitched in pleasure. Her hands flew off of Joy's head and grabbed handfuls of the white sheets.

"OH FUCK! OH FUCK!!" Charli screamed over and over.

Charli's reaction was pure. Unfiltered. Unrestrained. This is why Joy loved great sex - the stripping away of layers, defenses, hang-ups. Joy's joy at Charli's reaction pulled her deeply into the pleasure she was giving Charli. Joy could feel the pleasure she was giving Charli as if it flowed out of her lips and tongue, as if she felt it on her own clit and pussy.

At just the right time, as if she could read perfectly the orgasmic tension slowly winding up in Charli's body, Joy slid two fingers into Charli's pussy. She started with her palm up, arching her fingers backward as she slid in. Then, Joy carefully curled fingers forward stroking Charli's g-spot. Her tongue danced on Charli's clit.

Charli moaned and gyrated her hips against Joy's mouth and fingers. 

"So good! So good! Oh my god!" Charli's pleasure was evident. She fell into a rhythmic dance with Joy's face.

Joy turned her hand palm down and slowly slid her fingers deeper into Charli's pussy. She was replicating how Austin finger-fucked and licked her pussy in a way that no one else ever had. His technique rarely failed to bring her to a screaming, bucking orgasm. 

When Joy's folded fingers outside of Charli's pussy seemed to prevent her going any deeper, Joy pushed down toward the bed with her hand. Suddenly, Charli's pelvis rotated upward. Her pussy was stretched downward and the angle allowed Joy to work her fingers deeper into Charli's tight pussy. Simultaneously, her tongue found Charli's clit which had been pulled lower by the downward pressure Joy applied.

Charli was a howling, mewling mess. Her noises were intelligible, but unmistakably the sounds of extreme pleasure. She was not thinking, she was screaming full blast toward the void.

At the maximum depth she could reach. Joy arched her fingers and she could feel the small mound of Charli's cervix on the back of her fingers. She spread her fingers apart, one pressing lightly back against Charli's cervix, the other pressing down on Charli's pelvic floor. Joy moved her fingers rhythmically back and forth.

Charli's body was beyond control. She was hyperventilating. Her whole body quivered and spasmed. Her orgasm exploded.

"Oh fuuuuuuck! Oh FUUUUUUCK! Aaaaaaahh! Aaaaaahh!! Fuuuuuck!" 

Joy felt Charli's pussy crushing her fingers in spasming waves. Her spasms squeezed her copious pussy juice out around Joy's fingers. Joy kept up her delightful assault on Charli's pussy through her entire, prolonged orgasm.

While Charli caught her breath, Joy slid up and kissed her with lips drenched in pussy juice. Charli kissed her back like her life depended on it. 

"Holy shit, Joy! That was incredible!" Charli told her as the broke their kiss.

"So you liked that?" Joy smiled her naughty smile at Charli's amazed face.

"I fucking loved it! That was something new! I don't even know what you were doing, but it was fucking amazing."

"It's something that Austin does to me. It was my first time trying it on someone else." Joy paused and gazed into Charli's eyes. "It's one of the things he does that turned me into his slut. . . I want you to be my slut, so I tried it on you."

Charli kissed Joy long and hard, then pulled back and stared into her eyes for a moment.
