 The next few weeks after my interlude with Daniel, I finally started to find my sexuality that had always been hidden there. I had met a man through a co-worker of mine and though it wasn't an intellectual connection, it was definitely a physical one. We began fucking the first night that we had went out. Most would call it slutty, but it was as if some raw, sexual force slammed into me and I was insatiable. If I wasn't fucking someone, I was getting off with my dildos and vibrators. 

One night after work, a few of us went out to the local bar for drinks. As the night progressed and the more drinks we had, my lustful hunger grew more and more. I began looking around the bar for the guy I had been seeing, but didn't see him anywhere even though he said he'd be there. I saw that there were some people beginning to gather on the dance floor as the music seemed louder than it had before. As I finished my drink, I noticed a woman with dark hair across the dance floor moving and swaying her hips to the beat. I instantly noticed that she was beautiful and sexy. She had full breasts that moved with her body as she swayed. She was tall and shapely, but not too thin. She had full, pouty lips and her eyes had a sultry look to them. My body reacted to her sexiness as my nipples tightened into hard peaks and I felt my pussy muscles clench.

I had never had a lesbian or bi-sexual encounter, but the thought didn't gross me out. I actually was wanting to experience it. Her eyes met mine and somehow she seemed to understand and began swaying more provocatively as she ran her hands over her breasts and down her sides. Her eyes seemed to invite me over and slowly and I began to make my way over to the other side of the dance floor. As I made my way over to her, the world seemed to fade away. It was just me and her and the music. We began dancing with each other, our bodies pressed close to each other and our breasts rubbing each others. Her hands covered my ass as our bodies were grinding to the beat of the music. She whispered in my ear that her apartment was nearby and asked if I wanted to go and I immediately said yes. She then led me off of the dance floor and we quickly made our way to her apartment that was just a few blocks from the bar. 

After we entered her apartment, we had some wine and sat down on the couch. We began to kiss each other and I could feel the passion and lust building up. Her hands moved to my tits and fondled them roughly. I moaned as my nipples became hard. I could start to feel my pussy becoming juicy as our kisses became deeper. Her hands roamed all over my body and we then laid down on the couch and our bodies became entwined with each other. We began grinding our pussies together as our tongues battled with each other. She began kissing my neck and began moving down to my pussy that was pulsing and dripping with anticipation. 

She slowly unbuttoned my shirt and slid it off and onto the floor next to us. She massaged my breasts through my bra, teasing my nipples into hard peaks. She then began sucking my nipples through my bra, flicking my nipples with her tongue, alternating one breast and then the other. My body arched against her wanting more. She reached around me and unhooked my bra, letting my tits fall free and smiled at me, taking each tit in her mouth before she began kissing down my stomach, stopping at the hemline of my skirt. She looked up at me as she lifted my skirt up, drawing it up over my knees, up past my thighs exposing my black lace boy short panties. She started out by rubbing her hand over my pussy and slowly pulling my panties down and tossing them onto the floor by my shirt and bra. 

I shivered as I felt her soft hands exploring my shaved pussy. Her fingers slid up and down my slit and rubbed my hard clit and slowly dipped into my tight sheath. She moved down the couch and lowered her head to my dripping sex and slowly began to lick me. She started out at my clit, swirling her tongue in tight circles, flicking my hard nub making me moan with pleasure. She then licked me up and down my slit, my juices running down all over her face and the couch. I involuntarily ground my hips into her face and she wrapped her arms around me, holding me still as she ate my pussy. She then slid 2 fingers into me as she licked and sucked my clit. I was close to cumming. I could feel my orgasm building as she fingered me. My body began tightening up and my hips rocked against her hand and her face as I started to cum. My orgasm burst through my body with the force of ten thousand lightening bolts sending electric shocks racing through my veins. My pussy twitched and I slowly began to regain my breath as my orgasm subsided. 

The sexy girl whose name I didn't even know then came back up and we began to kiss passionately as I tasted the muskiness of my pussy juice all over her sexy lips. She pulled her shirt off and I eagerly sought out her beautiful breasts. My mouth descended onto each of her nipples and I licked and sucked on them as if I were starving. Her little moans of pleasure filled the apartment as I feasted upon her luscious round orbs. I continued feasting on her shapely body as I made my way down to her treasure down below. I licked and kissed my way down her body and stopped as I slid her skirt down her thighs and tossed it onto the ground with my clothes. Her black see through g-string barely covered her pussy as I pulled it off to reveal her shaved pussy. Her lips glistened with the apparent excitement she felt.

I hesitantly but excitedly touched her wet pussy as she had done to me, running up and down her slit slowly circling her swollen clit. I touched my fingers to my mouth savoring the scent and taste of her juices and immediately had to have more of it. I slowly began tasting her pussy starting with her clit, running my tongue up and down her and then delving deep into her hole. Her breath was shallow and her moans began to come more urgently. 

I then slid my finger slowly into her dripping pussy and began fingering her as she had done to me all the while, sucking and licking her clit. She played with her tits, massaging them, pulling on her nipples as I ate her out. At her urging, I inserted another finger and finger fucked her faster. Her hips bucked wildly beneath my face as she began to cum. She screamed as her orgasm ripped through her body and my face was flooded with her tasty juices as she came hard. As her orgasm subsided, I came back up to her and we kissed once more. After lying there and kissing and fondling each other for a while, I told her that I should go. She agreed, but said I could stop by her place anytime. Her name was Megan...