 It all started out so innocently... I hardly know where to begin. My best friend, Lisa, had just gone lingerie shopping at that well-known store, and came by to show me what she had found. Her boyfriend's birthday was the following weekend, and they were going away to a secluded mountain cabin to celebrate. She wanted to be sure he would never forget that weekend.

She was breathless with excitement as she came into my quiet apartment. I knew she could hardly wait, but she did sit down and ask for a glass of wine before she started opening the various packages. Lisa is a sweet little blonde, about 5'4" tall, nice rounded ass and pert tits. She was dressed casually, in pull-on slacks and a tshirt that just fit her so well, hugging those lovely tits. I had to smile when I saw the twinkle in her blue eyes, and the huge smile. She took a slow sip of her wine, then began telling me all about the plans for the next weekend. She had a friend close by who was going to go up there early in the day on Friday and make sure everything was perfect for the birthday boy. Finally, Lisa began to relax a bit, and started pulling flimsy, clingy garments out of the bags and showing them off. 

At first she started trying to show me how nicely they fit by holding them up to her... I finally told her to go into my bedroom and change so that she could have the satisfaction of properly modeling them for me. She was so delighted with the idea, and giggled as she gathered up all the bags. She came out of the bedroom a few minutes later in the most stunning peach satin and lace bustier over a thong panty. The garters on the bustier reached down and attached to matching peach stockings with lacy tops. Her bustier framed her tits beautifully, lifting them up, and barely covering her rosy pink nipples. She did a model's turn, and ran back into the bedroom to change.

This time, she came out in the most delicious light blue number - mainly of lace, it framed her best assets, and had baby blue bows in strategic spots. Shyly, she untied one of the bows over her tits, and allowed an excited nipple to peek out. Giggling, she ran back into the bedroom, and came out with a bag. Tossing it to me, she said, "Go on.. that is for you, but you have to model it for me. You didn't think I could go on a spree like this and forget about you, did you?? Now.. go on, show me how it looks."

Lisa knows my fondness for silky lingerie. We are very close in size, and often shared special outfits. In this bag was a royal blue all-in-one, and lace-topped white stockings. I stripped down and got into these beautiful new garments. That Lisa - she knew exactly which one I wanted because we kept admiring it in the store window. I knew my boyfriend would love it, but I did not have the money to buy it for myself. The all-in-one was very wicked with bows covering slits for the nipples, and crotchless to boot, but it still discretely covered all the essentials. Shyly, I walked out of the bedroom and modeled it for Lisa, who applauded her wise and generous decision.

I went over to where she was standing and gave her a big, sisterly hug.. I was so happy to have such special garments. My hug was returned, and then to my deep surprise, Lisa pulled back slightly, and caressed a nipple through the hidden slit. Kissing me full on the mouth, she caught me off guard as her caresses became deeper. Moaning quietly, she untied the bows over both of my tits, and bent down to take one into her mouth while she played with the other. I was still in shock - I had never had any ideas of being intimate with my best friend like this. We both loved men. Yet, this was very different, and very special. As I came to my senses, I began to return her caresses, tentatively at first, then giving way to the feelings she was stirring within me. She took me by the hand and led me into my bedroom, sitting me down on the bed.

Kissing me deeply, she slipped the straps of my lacy garment off, then nibbling and licking my shoulders and the upper mounds of my tits. She slowly peeled the cups down, and took a deep breath as she eased me back onto the bed. "I have wanted this for so long..." she murmured, taking me by surprise.

"I never knew," I responded quietly. 

"And now that you do, what should we do about it?" she asked throatily.

I did not respond, but guided her hands to my tits, urging her to play with me again. She happily sucked and licked, driving me crazy for several long minutes. As she teased me, I reached over and began caressing her still covered boobs. Slowly standing, she stripped for me, teasing me with every curve. Then she helped me up, easing my lingerie off, taking my stockings off, and turning me around. Cupping my tits from behind, she started kissing my back, placing little butterfly kisses all around. Lisa played and pinched my nipples until I moaned, then she let me get back onto the bed for more. This time, as she took my dark, lush nipple into her mouth, she let her cool hand wander down my flat belly and onto my hot pussy. Playfully nipping at my excited nipple, she teased my slit with her fingers, occasionally darting inside. I reached up and tweaked her nipple in return, caressing that sweet mound of flesh as I did so. Sensing my need, she fed me her tit. MMMmmmm.. so sweet, so firm. I suckled hungrily at this new delight, running my tongue across her erect nipple, taking it deep into my mouth. No wonder guys liked this so much. 

Lisa had worked a finger between the folds of my outer pussy lips and was teasing my clit with a well-manicured nail. I moaned, and opened my legs as wide as I could to let her in. She paused and looked me in the eyes... as if to ask if I was sure about this. I nodded quietly. She smiled, and allowed one cool, slim finger to enter my hot little hole, then slide all the way in, nice and deep. She pulled it back out, then slowly pushed it back in. She felt so good. I pushed my hips up at her entrance. Taking that cue, she picked up the pace, thrusting in and out more rapidly. Slowing down, then pulling out, she shifted her position until she was right between my legs. 

Holding my legs as far apart as she could, she inserted the middle finger of her left hand deep inside me, using the fingers of her right hand to spread my lips wide, and exposing my clit to the cool room air. She leaned down, and took that clit between her teeth, nibbling on it playfully. I jumped at the sensation, then moaned as she began licking my clit and slit, coming back up to tease my clit some more. Finger-fucking me hard and deep with her left hand, she now started rubbing my clit with the thumb of her right hand harder and faster. I felt the beginnings of my orgasm bloom and build, then finally explode as she teased me in the most sensitive places. Slowing her pace down, she smiled, then hungrily lapped up my juices.

I surprised myself by being eager to find out how it felt to have my fingers inside a women. I now knew how it felt to have a nipple and tit in my mouth, I wanted it all. As my orgasm subsided, Lisa fell back on the bed and smiled. I smiled back at her, then leaned over her, kissing her full on the mouth deeply. Wanting so much to give her the same pleasures she gave me, I moved down between her legs, and caressed her naked mons. I was somewhat surprised, but she whispered that her boyfriend loved her shaved, so she kept herself trimmed for him. I found it delightful, and wondered what my boyfriend would say if I shaved my dark curly hairs. Lisa spread her legs wide for me, allowing me my first look at a woman. Remembering the moves she used on me, I traced the line of her slit from the top at her pussy all the way down to her tight little ass, teasing her lips. She reached down and pulled them far apart for me, showing off her tiny pink clit. 

"Suck it for me, please... then rub it. I love having my clit teased," she urged. I had to oblige her, running my index finger over that little pink button. She pushed her hips into my face in response. "Oh, yes... that feels so good. Now more, please," I rubbed harder, then leaned down and took that tiny clit into my mouth. I could taste her slightly salty juices. While I had her clit in my mouth, I let one of my fingers slowly enter her hot, wet pussy. Her fuck tunnel was hot, and wet, and seemed to hug my finger as it entered her, and hang onto it as I pulled it back out slowly. I tried two fingers, holding them tightly together as I pushed them into her deeply. Her hot slippery folds gripped them as I entered her. She moaned deeply, then begged for more. I got the message that I was doing the right thing, so I picked up the pace with my strokes, and went back to rubbing her clit with my left hand. 

"Oh, Becky.... Oh.. Oh... OH... OH... YES!!!" She cried as I felt a huge warm flood on my hands. I smiled, knowing that I had just given my best friend a very special gift. Her hips bucked beneath me, and I felt the muscles in her cunt clamp right down on my fingers as her orgasm deepened and intensified. I slowed my pace down, gave her clit one final lick, then pulled my fingers out of her slowly. Her blue eyes were glassy as she smiled at me.

"I had no idea you would reciprocate, Becky, but I am so glad you did. You were wonderful."

"I can't tell you how surprised I was, or how much I enjoyed this. Can we do this again... soon?" I asked. She just giggled in response.