 After discovering their love for each other, Deborah and Cindy would often hide way in each others rooms lost in sexual play. However one weekend Deborah's parents were away and she decided she was going to take things further.

"Here's the plan" she said over the phone to Cindy "y parents are going to take my brother over night to a concert he's singing in so I am home alone. So, finally, we're going to have a proper date. I want you to dress up, come over have dinner finally we can have some full on fun! Waddya say girlfriend?"

"Sounds like a date." Replied Cindy.

The girls could hardly wait for the evening to arrive. At last the time had come. Debs had bustled her family out of the door and rushed he added a silver necklace with a simple pendant and looked at herself in the mirror- "not bad" she thought. She wondered what Cindy would be wearing, how would she be dressing up her lithe young body for her. That got her wet and she reached down to touch herself. "No better to wait, more for Cindy." She sighed under her breath.

Debs busied herself lighting some candles collecting the takeaway (to hell with cooking) and poured some chilled white wine.

Soon the doorbell wait and Debs jumped with joy and clapped. She raced to the door as fast as her heels would allow and swung it open.

There stood Cindy she was wearing a tight dark blue satin dress which as she walked in she realised was backless. She had her jet black hair down so it poured over her shoulders and she came in put her purse down and moved in for a deep long kiss. 

"More of that later." Cindy said with a grin.

The two of them ate the meal and drank wine and laughed long and hard. With each mouthful Debs became less interested in the meal that neither was really eating and more interested in what Cindy had chosen to wear under her beautiful dress.

"Come here." Debs said gently

Cindy moved round the table and their lips met in a passionate kiss. The press of their lips turned into an embrace and ten their mouths opened and their tongues entwined. Debs broke away after awhile.

"lets go into the living room." She said

"the living room, why there?" Cindy asked

"Because when you are not here I can remember your hot body on the couch or me burying my face into you pussy on the floor or the surprise I gave you on the coffee table."

"I have a little surprise of my own." Cindy said and with that she slipped the top of the dress over her head. She stood in front of Debs staring into her eyes. She then slipped the satin dress down past her pert little tits, down over her taught stomach and then finally dropped it down to the floor.

Debs gasped. Cindy smiled in satisfaction. She was wearing suspenders with a black lace suspender belt and no panties. She had also shaved herself completely.

"Oh my god!" Exclaimed Debs, then after regaining her composure she slipped her dress off and watched Cindy drink in her curves, thong and hold ups.

They moved together again, Debs lay back on the couch as Cindy lay on top of her their kissing and caressing driving each other hotter and wetter. Cindy started to work down Deborah's body. She kissed and licked her way further down Deborah's body until her tongue was rasping against the fabric of her thong. Debs felt the material being pushed against her pussy lips and Cindy's teeth gently rubbing against her clit. She could feel the orgasm building inside her and her thighs began to slightly tremble. Then Cindy pulled the fabric of her panties to one side and shoved her tongue deep into Deborah's sopping wet hole and came with great force. At last she could really let go and cried out in joy as Cindy lapped at her pussy.

After the orgasm silently Debs gently guided Cindy onto her front on the floor. She lent over and kissed Cindy, she could taste her own juices and that just made her feel naughtier. She had a plan and couldn't wait to try it out.

Debs whispered into Cindy's ear-

"I want to have you completely. I want to do things that we haven't done before." She waited letting the words sink in.

"Do anything Debs , I trust you and love."

With that Debs got out a bottle of oil and sat astride Cindy. She poured some oil onto Cindy's back and rubbed it into Cindy's back, massaging and kneading her muscles from shoulders to the small of her back.

"Wow massage and sex, I must have been good." Cindy sighed

"We'll we're going to get very bad in a minute." Debs chuckled

Just then Debs slipped her hands past the suspender belt and started to oil her ass and then slowly started to run her oily hands down the cleft of her buttocks reaching her asshole."

"I want you to lie on your front on the coffee table and spread your legs." Cindy got up and obeyed.

Then Debs started to delicately probe her lovers anus. Cindy shivered with pleasure. Debs pressed her slippery finger against her puckered hole and saw the tip ease itself in. She then removed it and lent forwards and started to kiss around Cindy's asshole. Then after a while she started licking near and then on her anus.

"What are you doing?" Cindy asked

"I want to kiss and pleasure all of you."

"Yeah but my ass?"

"Shhh, I know it will give you pleasure. Just feel my tongue inside you." 

She then gently but insistently started to lap at her girlfriend's ass. Then she went deeper her tongue probing into Cindy's tight little hole. Then as she was pleasuring her ass she stuck two fingers into her pussy. Cindy rocked back and forth when her hips tilted forwards they rubbed against the fingers and when she turned them back she could feel Deb's wet tongue in her ass, soon she too had a massive orgasm and cried out over and over again.

They rolled together on the carpet kissing.

"Mmm, I can taste my ass on your tongue." Cindy said

"We are dirty little girls aren't we." Debs said and they both laughed.