 This series starts as a fairly regular series of stories of lesbian seduction and exploration but later will have fantasy elements added.

*

Cindy and Deborah had been friends since they joined the same school together however they were now in their last year of college and looking to go to university. They were best of friends and were thinking about even going to the same university to stay close. Both had had a few boy friends both nothing serious and they shared every detail of their relationships with each other as they sat in their bedrooms cocooning themselves away from the family lives around them.

Cindy was of Malaysian decent. Like a lot of Asian women she was petite, with lightly tanned skin and long black hair which she usually wore up in a pony tail. Deborah (debs) was a complete contrast with a creamy complexion, a curvier figure with ample breasts, green eyes and short straight blonde hair cut so that part of it swept across her face. Both were however tall and athletic.

One evening Cindy was and Debs arrived back at Deb's parent's house after a game of tennis. They were still wearing their sports kit as there was a queue for the showers and they just wanted to get out of there. So they breezed past Deborah's parents and went straight up to Debs' room where she was lucky enough to have an ensuite shower. 

Debs however had been hoping for this chain of events. For months now she had been thinking about her best friend in a different light. Every time she had been fooling around with some guy she realised how much she had been thinking about Cindy. What really got her horny though was staring into Cindy's hazel eyes and telling best friend about what she had got up to with her date. She could tell Cindy was a little aroused by this but didn't know if it was the thought of Deborah being caressed or if it was the thought of some hot young naked guy. Deborah had been agonising about this moment she had hoped she could get Cindy back to her room for a shower to see where it would lead.

"You hop into the shower first" Debs said blushing a little knowing that the next few minutes would change their relationship forever- if only she knew if it was for better or worse. She didn't mind guys but all she could think about was Cindy and how she wanted to lick her cut brown nipples and watch her face when she came. But right now she didn't know if she could bring another woman to orgasm.

"Ok" smiled Cindy oblivious to the mental whirlwind going on in Deborah's mind.

Deborah waited a few minutes for the shower to go on and the sounds of splashing. She had stripped down and took a sharp in take of breath. "It's now or never" she thought.

"Hey Cind is it ok if I come in too?"

"Uh, ok." Came the reply

Debs stepped in. She stared at Cindy, she had her back to her, the soap suds were cascading down her tanned back and over her beautifully taught buttocks. The water trickling through her jet black hair. 

"Here let me do your back." Deborah tried to sound nonchalant

Cindy handed her the soap and allowed Debs to run her hands all over her back. She explored her friend's tight skin and was glad she had her back to her as she could feel her nipples hardening and had they not been in the shower she would probably have a wet patch in her panties right now. She dared to soap the top of Cindy's ass and brought the soap and lather round onto her hips. Cindy didn't flinch so she proceeded to move her hands round the back to Cindy's ass again only this time she definitely rubbed the cheeks. Deborah could tell she was blushing furiously and didn't dare make a sound so as to not break the spell. This was it, so far everything could be explained away as just washing but at some point she had to test her friend's willingness to go further. She decided to bring her hands slowly up Cindy's side and then round so her hands were just below Cindy's small pert breasts. She brought her hands up a fraction and started to caress the lower half of her friend's breasts.

"Ah, Debs, you know you're washing my breasts right now." Cindy said with a quavering voice.

Debs decided to go for broke.

"Turn around." She said letting go of her friend.

Cindy turned around she looked beautiful with her hair slicked back and the water gently rolling of her face. Debs could see Cindy was blushing too.

"Cindy I have always loved you, but recently that's not been enough. I ...I want to kiss you, hold you, y'know."

"Oh Debs I've been thinking about it too, every time you talked about you with guys, it made me so hot. I got a little jealous because I wanted to be the one with you. I didn't want to say anything because, I didn't know if you liked me that way...and besides I'm not sure I'm gay."

"Well I don't know if I'm gay either. You're the first girl I've ever been attracted to!"

Debs said rather defensively.

"Look" Debs continued "Let's just see how far it goes, let's see how much both of us want this."

Cindy paused for a moment "Ok" she added.

"Alright, I want to kiss you, after that lets see what happens. Ok?"

"Ok" Cindy said and leaned forwards to kiss her best friend.

Debs pushed her lips softly onto her friend's lips. The soft kissing seemed to drown out the noise of the shower. Slowly Cindy opened her mouth and let Deborah's tongue explore hers. Their embrace tightened and Deborah could feel Cindy's nipples pres against her breasts.

Their kissing turned to caressing as both began explore each other's bodies. The touching of a breast led to the stroking of an ass check. The kissing turned into licking and nipping at each other's necks and then tits.

Debs turned off the water- "Come with me." She said Cindy nodded in reply.

They sat down together on the bed, their bodies still moist from the shower. Debs laid Cindy on her back and began to lick and kiss her neck. Then she started to kneed and lick Cindy's nipples pinching the puckered tits. Then her tongue slowly moved down Cindy's body pausing at her belly button where she lapped at it, Cindy giggled. 

Finally Debs was staring at the trimmed bush of her friend's pussy. 

"This is it." She thought "If I start kissing this then I'm a lesbian and I'm making my best friend a lesbian too!" 

The thought at first made her a little timid, then it turned her on. She hadn't realised it until now but the thought of sharing a dirty little secret with her friend really turned her on. Right now down stairs not 50 feet from where she was her parents and brother were watching TV. What would they think if they knew that their good little girl was about to bury her face in her best friend's pussy!

Cindy had spread her legs in anticipation and Debs softly, gently kissed up her inside thigh. It was wonderfully soft, and the thought of her friend yielding herself to her in the most intimate way possible made her wetter still- she had no idea she liked being naughty. So she then began to hesitantly probe her friend's clitoris with her tongue. She felt Cindy's legs tense. She was obviously having the same thoughts Debs was. She flicked the little pink nub with her tongue a little more confidently. The aroma of her friend's pussy really began to fill her nostrils and the tangy taste of her juices spread over her tongue. She continued to lick more fervently. As she did so she brought her hands up to Cindy's breasts and grabbed them. Cindy brought her hands to hold Deborah's as she began to grind her clit against Debs' rasping tongue. Cindy began to buck a little bit and Debs could here her stifling cries. At last the bucking of Cindy's his finished and Debs could tell her friend had just had one wild orgasm. 

She came and lay beside Cindy her face covered in her musky pussy juice.

"Oh my god!" Cindy whispered "You are amazing! Come here." Debs was taken aback as Cindy passionately French kissed her tasting her own juices at the same time.

"I have got to try and do that to you. Spread 'em!" Cindy said with a grin, now it was Deborah's turn to giggle.

She felt her friend go straight from licking and kissing her breasts to the hot breath of her friend as she had her face between her legs. There was a pause. Was Cindy backing out or was she having the same mental conversation that Deborah had just had. When Cindy kissed her clit then she would have to admit to liking pussy too. The thought of her best friend about to go all the way was intense for Deborah and she cold feel her honey tricking down her leg. Then Debs felt the sensation of Cindy's tongue lapping away at her pussy and she came immediately. Cindy continued only this time as she became more confident in her licks she also placed two fingers in her pussy and began rubbing. The friction, the thought of her friend's face tonguing her most private part made Debs come again and again, she grabbed a pillow to scream into. This was the best moment of her life and her best friend was there to share it.