 Somehow, and I'm not sure why, every time Cate and I make love it still feels like the first time. I know this sounds silly or unbelievable but we've been together a couple of years now and still when she touches me, caresses my body with her soft hands, or kisses me; I get such a thrill. The excitement is intense like the first time we kissed, the first time her fingers brushed over the outside of my panties, the first time her mouth moved me over the edge of that first beautiful orgasm. I have found such a depth of desire, need, love, and passion in her and discovered the same in me. Perhaps, and I worry a little about this, that intensity will fade over time, but I feel in my very soul that there will be something stronger and more enveloping about our love which will grow from that intensity. I write this now because these feelings constantly amaze me.

We awoke before sunrise the next morning, that is after the porch and dinner and a beautiful snuggling and make-out session before we fell into a deep sleep, and Cate suggested a walk on the beach to greet the day. I love the beach and we have a particular stretch of beach and dunes that is very beautiful in the morning and also quite secluded. We drove back along the Cape to our usual spot, me driving and Cate holding my hand in her lap. We love holding hands and we so enjoy our vacations on the Cape. That time is so completely shared and we do a lot of lovemaking to catch up for what we miss during our hectic work schedules.

I pulled off the road and down a short curving lane to the parking area. There were no other cars and we parked in the far corner where the path leads through the dunes to the shore. We just sat quietly in the pale half light of morning and held hands. Cate looked so lovely, her hair still mussed from sleeping and pulled back into a ponytail, and there were faint spidery creases along her cheek from the pillow. Her pale pink skin glowed and I was so happy to just look at her.

"What?" she said quietly, finally turning to look at me. 

"I could feel someone staring at me so I figured it must be you babe." 

And she smiled and I said, "What? Because you are so beautiful this morning I can't stop looking at you."

I gave her hand a gentle squeeze and a tug as I leaned across and she leaned toward me. Our lips met, Cate still smelled like softly perfumed sleep, our lips mashed together and our lips parted. She teased me with her tongue until I sucked it into my mouth and reached behind her neck to hold her lips tight to mine. She moaned. Her silken tongue wrapped mine and she stiffened it and flicked the tip underneath mine. I moaned. We were locked together for the longest time until I suggested we climb in the back seat.

"We've never done this baby, made out in the back seat like teenagers and I want you so bad Catie!"

I climbed through to the back first then holding Cate's hand, she wriggled through. Our little car is pretty snug in the back but we don't take up too much space. Cate took off her PINK hoodie and I unzipped mine and slipped it off too. I felt so wonderfully in love at that very moment, seeing her smiling at me as we came together again. My hands slipped around her waist, caressing her warm skin below her camisole and slid underneath and up her back as my breasts nestled with hers and I leaned her back. Our lips glistening, slipped and puckered and smacked as we kissed again. This time as she lay back with me over her, I forced my tongue deep into her mouth then pulled back.

Her eyes opened and as she smiled up at me she said, "Oh Nicole, take me!"

I needed nothing more said. I sat up with her legs over my lap and maneuvered around until her legs were either side of my waist. I grabbed the waistband of her sweats and pulled them down quickly and she wriggled her ankles free. Cate lay there in her panties, a beautiful sheer pink thong with little gold heart rings at the sides. Her knees were drawn up slightly, her beautiful flat tummy was rising and falling with her quickening breaths as I placed my hand flat on her tummy and slid down to cover her pouting pussy. I began rubbing over her lips with my thumb, pressing in hard through the mesh and grinding on her clit. Cate gasped and squeezed her eyes shut. Pressing in and rolling her clit in circles under my thumb as she lifted her hips up off the seat, I began to feel her wetness growing.

In one smooth movement I had her thong off and I moved down as she pressed her feet on the seat and lifted herself to me. As her fingers slipped down to her swelling lips she parted them for me. The thrill and beauty of her shining pink flower opening before me, and her proud clit poking from under the little hood gave me a shiver of pleasure. I opened my mouth and pressed it quickly and snugly over her and her fingers slipped into my hair and she pulled me down. I love her taste, and the delicious slipperiness of her and I quickly pushed my tongue into her. Cate squealed and she rubbed herself against my kiss. My arms were around her waist which was up in the air, and my hands found her breasts. Her nipples were straining against the snugness of her camisole and I began to gently pinch and roll each of them together. My tongue began a slow and deliberate stroking up and down her soaking pussy. When I reached her clit for the umpteenth time I pressed my tongue flat against it and began sweeping side to side over it. I could feel her shudder with each sawing swipe over her hard clit. I felt it hardening and swelling more against my tongue and I knew she was ever so close. My left hand was flat upon her tummy and my right moved up to my chin. With the same steady tonguing of her swollen clit continuing, I suddenly shoved two fingers deep inside my lover. Again Cate squealed and continued to moan. I drove my fingers as deeply inside her as I could and continued to move them in and out. I couldn't imagine anything more sexy than her sticky, clingy wetness and the warm softness of her as she began to grip and squeeze my fingers.

With a suddenness that surprised me, Cate began a long shuddering and moan as her orgasm flooded me with her sweet nectar. Her gorgeous pussy was clamped on my fingers and I felt her juices trickling over my knuckles and onto my other fingers and I kept my lips tight over her clit. I began with the tip of my tongue to flick up and down over her exposed clit like a metronome. She began to gasp rhythmically and moan "Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh!" as I continued. Mmmmm, the feeling of her hard little clit popping under then over the tip of my tongue was driving me wild with anticipation of her next orgasm. I kept my fingers buried deep inside her and suddenly I felt her tunnel gape wide and then grip ferociously. Her screams gave me such a thrill, and she rocked and wiggled her pussy all over me as she began to shake and gasp.

I slipped my fingers from her dripping pussy and up to her mouth. Her eyes were closed and as I trailed over her lips she opened and sucked them into her mouth. Cate made such wonderful loving sounds as her bottom settled down again on the seat and I leaned over her. We kissed then for a long time as the sun was peeking over the horizon. We got her sweats back on and our hoodies then went for our walk.

As we stood on the beach watching the sunrise, Cate turned to face me. She slipped her arms around me and I slipped mine around her. We held close just looking into the others soft welcoming eyes and Cate whispered, "Nicole I love the way you make me feel." And our bodies melded into one, our lips came together, parted and our kiss united our hearts and souls in one as the golden rays of a new day painted us.