 It was Girls' Night Out at the local strip club (all the swinging cock you can hope to almost see) and I'd had a few drinks. I needed to use the restroom so I made my way through the crowd, back to the door that proudly read "LADIES."

Like a moth drawn to the flame, I was immediately attracted to the stall with the most room and the most light. I pushed the door open, without checking for feet below and what greeted me was a surprise!

Inside was a woman face-deep in her friend's pussy. Both women were wearing black and both had long, dark, wavy hair. They looked to be college age but with one's face obscured by pussy, who knows?

The one was sitting on some box-like structure above the toilet plumbing with her lover arched under her skirt, lapping her slit. Neither noticed my untimely intrusion. I found myself unable to merely leave them to it. Suddenly, my urge to pee subsided.

I watched as the friend's ass humped the air, much like that of a dog humping the leg of some unsuspecting bystander. The object of affection rocked on her ass cheeks, humping against the mouth of her hungry friend. I could feel my breasts begin to heave, my breath become short. My clit suddenly became aroused (not even all those g-string clad studs got me wet but this sure did).

It didn't seem fair that such a giving girl not receive pleasure of her own, so I had to step in (I am a humanitarian, after all). And since neither girl seemed to care that they could be caught, I think my presence, which was now obvious, was a turn-on to them. Deep down, not only did they want to eat pussy, they wanted to do it for others to watch!

I slid my hand under the skirt of the lover, to the crotch of her panties. Her warmth and wetness drew my fingers right to the source. I slid my fingers under the crotch and ran them along her lush slit. I could feel short hair; the kind you get after a few days growth. I used her juices to lube my fingers and smeared it from her clit to her lips, to her perineum (I didn't want to risk touching her ass and having her offended, after all). Despite me being a stranger, she didn't flinch at my touch, nor did she stop her tongue lashing.

I moved behind her and gently eased a finger into her sopping wet cunt. Immediately, she gripped it and bore down on it. Just then, her lover moaned LOUDLY and I knew that my finger was giving pleasure through the friend's tongue. The more I fucked her, the more she licked, the more the lover writhed around and moaned. I curled my finger and sent a steady back-and-forth thrust motion into her. When I thought she was sufficiently wet, I eased a second finger in and she greeted it with the same intense grasp.

I slid my hand under her, to her breast. Through the fabric of her blouse, I began to knead her full tit. I tried not to maul the poor girl but she just felt so fucking good, inside and out. I couldn't resist the temptation to go further. I slide my hand from outside, to inside. I slid my hand under the blouse, palm to chest, up to the bra. I carefully lifted her bra cup and let my hand cup her. Her fleshy mound was so soft. Her nipple rubbed against my smooth palm, poking at me. I found myself humping against her thigh the way she had been humping air when I first discovered them.

For the first time, the lover opened her eyes and looked down me. I half expected her to protest me being there but she didn't. Her mouth hung open as she slid her mons to her friend, eyes glazed, fucking her friend's face as though it were a cock or dildo. I withdrew my fingers from the friend and offered them to the lover. She hungrily sucked the cunt off my fingers. Her eyes closed and I watched as her face changed expressions. Her eyebrows became straight. Her lips formed a vacuum on my fingers and I could feel her grunts. Her hips thrusted sharply a few times and then, her mouth's grip released my wet fingers...she'd cum.

The friend still had not cum, despite my ministrations but I would remedy that. She was straightening her skirt and wiping the pussy from her chin and lips as she turned to face me, the stranger whose fingers were so intimate with her. I moved to her, rested my hands on her delicate hips, and pulled her to me for a kiss. The taste and scent of the lover was fresh on her breath. I didn't care. I wanted to kiss her, hard and deeply! I unapologetically pushed my tongue into her mouth. I slid my hands under her blouse, fondling her breasts but over her bra. I ran my fingertips and nails over the lace of her bra, over her silky flesh. I worried she'd stop me but when her hands cupped my face and I felt her tongue roam even deeper into my mouth, I knew I wouldn't be stopping anytime soon.

The lover sat on her box-like perch and watched us through dreamy eyes. Out of my peripheral vision, I could see she was tracing her cunt lips with her fingers, teasing herself or perhaps, waiting for her turn.

I kissed along the jaw of my new friend...my new lover. I kissed down her throat, over her blouse, over her hard nipples. I pushed the blouse up and revealed her bra to me. Even though I'd previously fondled her bare breast, I wanted to make this moment last so I tortured her and myself by not moving the bra cups yet. I sucked her nipple through the fabric. I made my kisses extra wet so she'd feel it through the fabric. I tugged tenderly with my lips...teeth....teasing her, teasing her lover who watched us. I planted soft, fluttering kisses over her heaving mounds, not sure who was more titillated by this slow dance, me or her?

And when I couldn't take it any longer, I reached behind and unhooked her bra. I unleashed her pretty, pert, round breasts complete with ruby colored nipples. I pushed the bra up above her breasts and cupped the bottoms of her fleshy orbs. I looked into her eyes as I brought her right nipple to my lips and sucked as she watched. Her eyes closed and her head fell back gingerly. She leaned her shoulders against the wall of the stall and her eyes would occasionally look up at her lover, then they'd look at me.

I took turns sucking, licking, and tenderly biting her breasts. Her nipples were so stiff that I wondered if they were sore. I couldn't help but wonder if anything else on her body might be pink, stimulated, or erect....so I kneeled before her and raised her skirt. I felt like I was admiring my own private goddess.

The panties my fingers knew so well were staring me straight in the face now. I peeled down the elastic bands that connected what there was of a front and back side. As I revealed her sex, I felt like a kid at Christmas time, opening gifts! Her pubes were either newly grown in or just closely trimmed. I pushed the panties to her ankles and she stepped free of them for me. She slid her back down along the wall and squatted for me, naturally opening those puffy lips for me. I gazed up at her beautiful eyes and then moved my face to her sex. I rubbed my cheek against her fuzz, feeling it against the grain like a man's stubble feels when rubbed against me. I breathed in her scent. And then I spread her lips with my thumbs and opened her flower to me. I sealed my mouth over her pussy and drove my tongue into her slit, from hole to clit. I heard her gasp as I licked from entrance to clit and down again. I ran my tongue along the outermost lips, up one side then down the other and repeated it on her inner lips. I teased her clit by barely touching it with all these licks. I wanted her to ache for my tongue and she was.

I eased my tongue into her treasure. By now, her lover had moved from her perch and was beside us. She began to kiss my lover and to caress her tits. They were swaying as they kissed, making me sway with them, mouth to cunt, of course. I wedged my hands under my lover's ass and massaged her bottom, pulling her to me, rocking in rhythm with her and her lover. The 3 of us moved as one...one lesbian love triangle.

I alternated my pussy kiss from inside her to her clitoris, sometimes impaling her with my tongue, sometimes just swathing her clit with my french kisses. Her hands pulled at my head and her sex fucked against my lips. She was reaping what she had sowed. She broke her kiss with her friend and moaned out that she was cumming. I pressed my tongue to her, thrashing it about wildly, side to side, up and down, and inside. She released a torrent of juices on my tongue and chin. I gently rubbed at her clit with my finger until I felt her snatch release my tongue. When she looked down at me, I broke my pussy kiss and stood up. She pulled me in for a kiss from both of them, a 3-way french kiss. Each of them took turns licking the cum from my chin and cheeks. When I was clean, I stood back, smiled at them as I wiped my face dry, and left them...completely forgetting that I went there for some other reason.