 "I'm all in." the dark haired man said exuding a look of total confidence.

The overweight bald man sat up in his chair and peeked to see his under cards. He glanced over at the younger man across from him and saw the smug smile on his face. The bald man rubbed his mouth in contemplation trying to mask the ill feeling churning in his stomach.

"Whatcha gonna do, Jack?" The young man said leaning back on the two legs of his chair. "Call or fold?"

Jack gazed at the top cards going through the run down in his head. The highest card showing was only a ten with no pairs on the table, but there were three diamonds on the table and a possibility of a gut shot straight.

Jack looked at his cards again. He made the ten high straight on the river. The only thing that could beat him was a flush or a higher straight.

"You have the nuts, don't you Brad?" Jack said.

"Sure, but if you want to know for sure, you'll have to call." Brad said leaning forward and placing his cigar in his mouth avoiding any kind of eye contact.

"If I fold, will you show me?" Jack asked.

Brad closed his eyes and calmly shook his head.

Jack propped his head on his hand staring at the heap chips on the green felt table. The amount was in the neighborhood of a million dollars, but the all in bet had raised the stakes to assets not on the table.

"You're mulling this one over for quite awhile. You should probably just fold." Brad said taking a nonchalant puff from his cigar.

"I don't think you got it?" Jack said.

Brad offered no response and puffed away.

"Okay. I call." Jack said causing no outward reaction in Brad's demeanor.

Brad sat up to the table and placed his cigar on the ashtray and pick up his under cards.

"I'm surprised you called with what's at stake." Brad said looking at his cards.

"If I folded this hand, I don't know if I'd ever overcome the regret."

"What about if you lose?" Brad said.

"Did I?"

Brad turned over one of his cards to reveal a six of diamonds.

"Are you nervous now?" Brad asked.

"Come on. Come on. Let's see it!" Jack said standing.

Brad smirked and turned over his last card. It was the ace of diamonds.

"Nuts!"

"Son of a bitch!" Jack said slamming his fist on the table and threw his cards in anger. He turned and stepped away with his back to Brad.

"Come on Jack, you're filthy rich. You think I smoke Cubans in a marble tiled game room at home?"

Jack rubbed his brow and took a deep breath before turning to face Brad.

"There's about a million here on the table. What do say if I made it $1.5 million and we call it even?"

Brad smiled and held his empty hands open at his side, "A bet's a bet my friend. No take backs on the playground."

"Fucking nuts." Jack said shaking his head.

"I told you to fold."

"Yeah, yeah, shut up and let's get this over with." Jack said walking out of the room.

Brad sprung to his feet grabbing his brown blazer from the chair and followed Jack into the main foyer.

"Remember, it's my choice." Brad said.

"I know." Jack said and buzzed the intercom on the wall.

"Give'em a couple of minutes."

"Of course." Brad said putting his blazer on and straightening his tie.

The two Gentlemen small talked to pass the minutes when the first Lady emerged from the top of the stairs and was soon followed by another only a few paces behind. The Ladies were completely nude except for a pair of 2 inch white strapped heels.

"Very nice. I totally understand your disappointment." Brad said watching each Lady saunter down the stairs and standing at the foot of the dais.

"You sure you won't take the $1.5? 500 grand is a lot."

"No. I think I'll be fine with one of these lovely Ladies." Brad said as the last Lady came down the stairs and stood at the other end of the dais.

Brad walked across them slowly letting his eyes linger on one till he stood in front of the next. They were all young and slender with varying heights and ethnicities.

"Six. You really are rich."

"How many do you have?"

"Just two. I'm not nearly as well off as you are."

"An extra 500 grand can go a long way." Jack said, but Brad waved a dismissive hand at him.

"Can I see the papers for each of them?"

"Yeah, let me go get them." Jack said reluctantly.

Brad continued to examine them one by one. The Ladies all held their hands behind their backs with their eyes casted down toward the floor. He swept his eyes across the dais and caught the blonde at the far end looking at him. As their eyes made contact, she quickly darted her eyes back to the floor.

"Here. Take a look." Jack said striding in with a clipboard in his outstretched hand. Brad took the clipboard and began examining the first page.

"Is this in order?"

"From left to right."

"Then you must be Martique, correct?" Brad said standing at the left most of the dais.

"At your service, guv'nor." Martique said raising her head.

"Oh. African-Brit?" Brad said looking over at Jack.

"African-French raised in England. Exotic, beautiful and classy."

"I'll second that." Brad said examine Martique and the looking at her papers. He dragged the back of his hand on her shoulder and ran it down her arm. Her skin was a radiant glow of smooth milky chocolate. She was the tallest of them with her papers listing her at 5'11" 23 years old.

"Very pretty. Thank you Martique."

She gave a small curtsey and bowed her head down again.

"Wow, five more to go and they're all pretty. I could be here for hours."

"Well it's late so try and put the pedal to the metal." Jack said.

Brad examined the papers one by one. The Ladies all had different backgrounds for the next whether it was physically or culturally. The Ladies standing in front of the Gentlemen were like a small sampling of the beauty in the corners of the world.

"So have you decided yet?" Jack said.

"I know how to make this easy. Who is your favorite?"

"My favorite?"

"Yeah. Who do you like the most?"

Jack sighed and looked at the Ladies and then back to Brad. "What car did you drive tonight?"

"I drove my Mercedes. Why?"

"Why didn't you drive the Aston-Martin or the Bentley?"

"I don't know. I didn't feel like it."

"Tonight you felt like driving the Merc, but maybe tomorrow you'll feel like the Bentley, right?"

"Okay, I get your meaning. You don't have a favorite. Then let me ask you this. I know you don't want to part with any one of them, but since you have to, which one would you be most willing to part with?"

Jack looked at the Ladies and pursed his lips. He looked at Audrey, the fiery redhead with the alabaster skin. She was the only Lady he allowed to have pubic hair. Her red hair on her pussy against her white skin seemed to radiate raw sexual nakedness in the air.

Jack then looked over at Saiyuri. She was short with long black hair and blessed with ample sized breasts. Her shy face was more like a mask. Looking deep into her dark almond eyes laid a raging demon filled with uninhibited passion.

Jack stopped in front of Adrina, the leggy, bronzed Brazilian. She had the sultriest mouth a woman could have with her tapered jaw and her supple lips that would glisten in the dimmest of light. Just making eye contact with her bright hazel eyes and her curved eyebrows would flood your mind with constant stream of lustful thoughts. 

The last two were Angelique, the naturally bright haired blonde and Latti the strong featured Indian. Standing next to each other, Latti's features looked almost masculine even though her body was beautifully sculpted. Her body was nothing less than amazing, but Angelique, although no single feature stood out physically, she seemed to emit an aura of femininity.

"So who would be the easiest to part with?" Brad said.

"Is that the one you'll choose?"

"Perhaps, but I'd also like to know who you could part with."

"You know what? Let's change it around. Let's assume these were your Ladies. Since you don't have an attachment to any of them, who would you part with?" Jack said.

"Well, if I had to choose I'd part with..." Brad said then fumbled through the papers, "Latti."

"Latti? Open your eyes. Look at her body." Jack said standing next to Latti.

"Look at these shapely breasts and this immensely sexy curve down to her waist and back out to her hips. See this curve around her tush? Look at her eyes. They are just dreamy."

"All true and very nice. Put it all together and she's amazingly beautiful. I'm just telling you which one I'd pick." Brad said.

"Well she isn't my pick."

"Obviously. So who then?"

"If I had to choose one, I guess I'd have to say...Angelique."

"Angelique?" Brad said and glanced over at her.

It was the blonde girl peeking at him and Brad flipped the pages over to look at her papers. Her stats read she was Danish, 22 years old 5'7".

"She's the one you'd choose?" Brad asked again.

"Yeah."

"100 percent?"

Jack looked at the Ladies again then nodded, "I'm sure."

"Well then this should make you happy because she's the one I want."

"She is?" Jack said more surprised than relieved.

"Yep. 100 percent." Brad said and pulled her papers out from the clipboard.

He handed the clipboard back to Jack which he accepted still surprised. Brad folded the paper and pocketed in his trousers and took off his blazer.

"Angelique, if you would please." Brad said holding open his blazer.

She stepped down and walked over to Brad and allowed him to slip his blazer on to her naked body. She turned to face him still looking down while he buttoned the blazer.

"You may all leave." Jack said.

The rest of the Ladies all gave a slight curtsey and retreated orderly back up the stairs.

"Do you have any personals?" Brad asked.

"Yes, Master." Angelique said with a slight accent.

"Please collect your belongings, my dear. I am your new Master as of now. Understood?"

"Yes Master."

"Off you go." Brad said with a dismissive hand gesture.

Brad and Jack watched her hurry up the staircase and into her room.

"I trust you'll make the necessary arrangements for the rest of my winnings." Brad said.

"Money, I can part with. You'll give me a chance to win her back?"

"Of course, but are you willing to risk more to get her back?"

"My offer is still on the table. 500 grand. Don't decide now. Just think about it for a few days."

Angelique emerged from her room and neatly came down the stairs carrying a small purse and a suitcase.

"I'll carry that for you, my dear." Brad said meeting her on the stairs and taking her suitcase.

"So, I believe are business is done for the night." Brad said.

"Enjoy her while you can. She's only temporarily yours."

"We'll see." Brad said with a smile.

The Gentlemen shook hands and Jack saw them to the door.

Brad opened the passenger side door for Angelique and closed it. He placed her suitcase in the trunk and sat in the driver's seat.

Soon the two sped off out of the mansion driveway and into the dark country road. Angelique sat quiet and still while Brad drove on not saying a word. Angelique eyes were wide open watching the road when Brad looked over at her. The dashboard clock read 2:37 am.

"You may sleep if you're tired, my dear."

"Yes Master."

Angelique sunk her body down into the seat and rested her head to the side and closed her eyes. The hum of the car quickly lulled her into a deep sleep and next thing she remembered was awaking at her new home.

"Angelique. Angelique." Brad said gently shaking her shoulder.

Angelique's eyes opened slowly and saw Brad's face looking directly at her. She quickly woke up and casted her eyes down to the ground.

"Forgive me Master." Angelique said.

"It's okay. Come on. We're home."

Brad offered his hand to her and she accepted it and pulled herself out of the car. She looked around and saw they were in a large garage next to two other cars. Brad already had her suitcase in his hand.

"This way, my dear." Brad said and put his hand on her back guiding her out of the garage.

They walked across the lighted courtyard over to his home. His mansion was considerably smaller than Jack's, but it was still nothing less than a mansion.

Brad opened the main door and the huge chandelier lit the airy atrium.

"Welcome to your new home, my dear. I know this is a big change for you, but I truly do wish you will feel at ease here with us." he said and pressed the intercom button.

"I don't know how Jack treated you, but those days, good or bad are now done. You will have to learn a new set of standards here, but I'm sure you'll catch on quickly."

"Yes Master."

"Let me take this off." Brad said and unbuttoned his blazer and removed it off of Angelique.

Two nude Ladies wearing only white high collared capes covering their shoulders down to the center of their backs and white heel walked up to Brad.

"Welcome home, Master." they said in unison with a curtsey.

The Ladies were both similar in height both with sleepiness still in their eyes. The Lady on the right had reddish brown while the one on the left was a raven haired brunette.

Their eyes did not make eye contact and their faces were expressionless.

"Thank you. I'm sorry for waking you at such an early hour, but I'd like you to meet your new sister, Angelique."

"A pleasure."

"A pleasure."

The both curtseyed.

"Angelique, this is Charlie and Danielle." Brad said making Danielle the brunette and Charlie the reddish brown haired Lady.

"Ladies, please make your new sister feel at home with us."

"Yes Master."

"Yes Master."

"And you, Angelique, please treat your new sisters with kindness as well."

"Yes Master."

"Okay sleepyheads. You may return to bed."

Charlie and Danielle curtseyed and retreated back up the stairs.

"They are both wonderful Ladies and I hope you'll be happy with their company as well."

"Yes Master."

"All right, let me show you your duties. Follow me." Brad said walking through the spacious dining room and turning the lights on to the large kitchen.

They both stood at the entrance of kitchen and Angelique looked over the room.

"I do not have servants or maids so the kitchen and dining room is your duty to keep it tidy and organized, understood?"

"Yes Master." Angelique said.

Angelique's eyes moved from the white and rust colored granite countertops, over to the vegetable sink in the island and to the stainless steel restaurant grade appliances.

"I know the kitchen can be a lot of work, but as long as you maintain it regularly, it won't seem like much work. I'm sure you'll be able to handle the dining room without any worries."

"Yes Master."

"Oh and the floors," Brad said looking down at the slightly orange tinted travertine floors, "although you seem very graceful, there is no need for you to wear your heels while your doing your duties here. The floors can become slippery at times."

"Yes Master."

"Do you have any questions, my dear?"

"No Master."

"Good. Let me show you where you'll be staying tonight." Brad said and walked back through the main entrance and began walking up the stairs and stop at the top of the landing.

"I forgot to mention the rules of the house. There is a daily schedule of the house unless I say otherwise. Please follow Charlie and Danielle and you'll pick up the daily routine within a day or two."

"Yes Master."

"Another rule is there is no speaking in the house. You are not allowed to speak unless spoken to or upon my permission. Understood?"

"Yes Master."

Brad put a hand on her back and guided her over to one of the guestrooms.

"You'll stay here for tonight until I get your permanent quarters ready so don't unpack yet, my dear."

"Yes Master."

Brad placed her suitcase down in the corner and looked at Angelique's naked body standing obediently still and noticed the goose flesh on her upper arm.

"Are you cold?"

"No, Master."

Brad smiled and stepped close to her placing his warm hands on her cold shoulders.

"I'm sorry, my dear." Brad said and rubbed his hands along her arms.

"Angelique, look at me." he said while he continued warming her.

She lifted her head slowly and looked into his blue eyes. He said nothing while looking directly at her while she met his gaze equally if not more intently. He stopped stroking her arms and held her still taking in every facet of her face.

He raised his hand and brushed the stray locks of her hair off her creamy brow. The back of his index and middle finger slowly slid across her temple and down her cheek. He rested the palm of his hand on the side of her face and so saw the color returning to her skin.

Not only did she feel the warmth returning, but she also felt a twinge of arousal around her nipples.

"It's been a long night, my dear. Get some rest. Charlie and Danielle will wake you early in the morning."

"Y-Yes Master." Angelique said.

"Good night." Brad said and closed the door behind him.

Angelique's heart was racing and collapsed down on the bed feeling a wobble in her knees. Her breath was heavy while she raised her feet to remove her heels and placed them neatly beside the bed. She switched off the light and slipped in between the warm flannel sheets lying on her back with her eyes wide open. She concentrated on the pulsating tingle of her nipples and clitoris. They had become hard and fully erect, but it was not due to the coolness in the air.

"Those eyes!" she shouted in her mind not daring to speak aloud, "Those gentle blue eyes!" she thought replaying his gaze and his touch over and over again.

A smile crept on to her mouth and she covered it even though she was alone in the room. She turned over to her side and felt the dampness between her legs and a wrinkle of the sheets flutter across her clitoris sending a wave of teeth chattering pleasure up her up her body.

"I can touch myself just for a bit. I'll stop just before I come. Nobody will know." Angelique thought.

She knew the rules of self indulgence were strictly forbidden, but her body cried out for sexual release.

"It's not desire, Master. It's a need. The feeling is so intense! Would you understand my need, Master?" she thought clutching the covers in her fists rolling onto her back.

She bit her lip and grimaced while her heart pumped her sex charged blood up and down her body. She hugged the covers close to her body and did her best to ignore the sensations of her body.

"I will obey. I will obey." she repeated in her mind.

She repeated the sentence hundreds of times in her head as the night passed until she coaxed herself asleep.

The next morning, Charlie, still only wearing her small high collared cape, quietly shook her awake. Angelique's hands were still clutching the covers as her eyes opened slowly. The room was still dark and a look over to the window told the time was still pre-dawn.

Charlie gestured her to follow her and Angelique rose out of bed still weary from the late night. Charlie pointed to Angelique's heels beside the bed and then pointed over to her feet. Angelique got the message and laced up her heels and rose to her feet. Charlie took Angelique's hand and guided her over to her room. The two walked hand in hand as Angelique did her best to rub the sleepiness out of her eyes. Charlie looked over at her and the two Ladies made eye contact. Charlie gave an inviting smile to her and squeezed her hand letting Angelique feel welcome and a bit more at home to her new surroundings.

The Ladies entered a large bedroom with Danielle neatly making her bed. Two full sized metal framed beds with a simple two drawer nightstand stood next to each other on the right side of the room and a matching dresser. Nothing else took up the open space of the high ceiling white room and no decorations hung on the bare white walls. The only thing of interest was the white laced curtains covering the large panoramic window on the far wall.
