 Dawn had had a long and stressful day. She had been running the month end reports for days for the head bookkeeper and she was exhausted and stressed out. It had been months since she had been out socially and a year since even a decent date. She blew her breath out of her bottom lip as she studied the figures before her. Dawn was a petite redhead in her early 40's with slim, long legs, 6 pack abs, and firm, upturned 34C breasts. She was pretty in the "girl-next door" kind of way, but shy, so her coworkers didn't talk much to her. Just as she gathered her long, curly hair into a ponytail, her phone beeped with a text message. It was her best friend. Liz.

"Are you still at work?" it read. Dawn replied that she would be a few hours before she would be done. "Meet me at the Rock and Rebel in a half hour, I have to talk to you about something," Liz's text said. Dawn started to protest then thought, Oh, fuck it, I'm starving and sick of this shit. I always get stuck working while everyone else has a life. Why not?

Dawn left the office and got in her Hybrid. She took the Expressway and pulled into the bar. She spotted Liz sitting at the bar chatting up the bartender with a cold one in front of her. The bartender winked at her and set a chilled glass of Sauvignon Blanc in front of her without her even asking for it. Dawn looked quizzically at her, but took a sip anyway. "So, I'm here, what's up?" she asked Liz.

Liz pulled a small box out of her bag. "I've been meaning to talk to you about your birthday," she said, "I never got you anything and I wanted to treat you to something."

"Oh, that's ok," Dawn said, "I have to work all the time anyway." Liz handed her the beautifully wrapped box and motioned for her to open it. Dawn slowly pulled off the satin bow and expensive wrapping paper and opened it. In it lay a gift certificate embossed with the words "The Ladies' Spa" and her name on it. "Oh, that is so sweet, thank you! But I don't know when I'll be able to go, we are working on a big account right now...," she trailed off as Liz placed her finger over her lips. 

"You're going... tonight. It's all set up, there's a Limo waiting outside for you," Liz said, glancing at the hot blonde bartender with huge tits who was smiling a naughty little smile at the two of them. She added, "Your work is fine with it, just GO!" and pushed Dawn out the door into the pretty white limo with "The Ladies Spa" embellished on it with flowers. Inside the limo was her suitcase, packed with all her toiletries, clothes, everything that she needed for an overnight stay. Completely taken off guard, Dawn shook her head in complete befuddlement. But a relaxation was starting to spread throughout her body... she felt so content, yet...almost...aroused. It was such an unknown feeling; she didn't know what to do. She just lay back amidst the cushions in the back of the Limo and looked around. There were trays of crudités, and smoked meats and cheeses, drinks...she helped herself, as she hadn't eaten all day. The radio was playing Maroon 5, her favorite band. 

They arrived in record time. The Spa was on a beautiful estate with horses. It looked like a Bed and Breakfast with gorgeous cobblestones and a wrap-around porch. She walked up to the front desk and was startled when the stunningly beautiful receptionist welcomed her with a smile, calling her by name and taking her bag. "I hope you enjoy your day!" she cooed as she pulled out forms to Dawn to sign. "What is this?" Dawn said

"It's just for liability reasons, that you understand the Spa treatments and modalities," the girl said. Dawn shrugged and signed them with a flourish, barely looking at them. The girl led her to her room, and unlocked the door. "We ask that all guests take a shower before we begin," she said. 

Dawn agreed and looked around the room. Holy crap, she thought, this is gorgeous. The King-sized bed was covered in a big, fluffy soft comforter, the décor was subtly rich but subdued and there were vases of roses all throughout the room. The bathtub had bath salts and spa bubble bath, all kinds of soaps and her favorite hair products. She ran a bath, pouring a capful of the bubbles in the water. She took a long, luxurious bath, using the razor to shave her legs. She stood up and rinsed off under the hot pulsating shower. Surprisingly, her nipples started to tingle. It had been soooo long since she'd been with a man, she mused. Maybe they would give her a good massage to relieve some of her tension. 

The phone rang. It was Marie, the young girl at the desk. "Dawn, we have a facial and massage set up for you in our Main Spa room," she said, "Can you come downstairs please? I will take you there. Put on the robe you see hanging on the bathroom hook." Dawn hung up the phone, hurriedly dried herself off and put the silken room on. It felt amazing on her skin. Refreshed, she quickly brushed her teeth and headed out the door. 

She entered the Main Spa room and stopped in shock. All the attendants were young and gorgeous...and NAKED! Smiling, the esthetician introduced herself as Annie and led her to a spa chair. Dawn stood frozen, not sure what to do. They were the sexiest, most stunningly gorgeous women she had ever seen. Now, Dawn was 100% straight but she couldn't stop staring at their perfect bodies. She blindly accepted a Mimosa and gulped it down. Was it her imagination or did she feel a slight tingling as she did so. She was so nervous that she didn't notice they had re-filled her glass. It was just so delicious and she was so out of her element. She was gently settled into the chair and her robe opened. Annie started to massage her face and put products on it. Another Spa attendant was giving her the most exquisite food massage. And yet another was putting wax on her pubic area. Dawn started to protest but just let her do it. She didn't feel any pain at all as ALL of her pubic hair was removed. She started to feel... sexy...the cool air blowing on her completely naked skin. All of a sudden, she felt the woman at her feet take her big toe into her mouth. She jumped but then relaxed again as the massage extended to her tired calves. She was then stood-up and all three Spa attendants helped her onto a low massage table. 

With a blissful sigh, she laid back on the massage table and completely gave herself up to pleasure. The foot massage continued with the woman sucking her toes and licking the soles of her feet. The other woman began to massage her skillfully, with long strokes of her strong hands. Dawn glanced down and all three women's nipples were hard and they all started moaning softly. The waxier started to gently stroke the areas where she had been waxed. The masseuse started stroking Dawn's breasts and it felt so amazing. The waxier got closer and closer to Dawn's pussy and she felt herself feeling aroused! This was insane, she'd never been with a woman. Or women...but they were taking her to new heights of sensuality that were unreal. "Relax, honey," they told her, "We will take care of you, just let yourself go."

The women flowed all around her. One was kissing her lightly on the mouth, one started licking and sucking her quivering hard nipples, one was gently stroking her mound. She felt a blindfold go over her eyes and she was deprived of her sight, which heightened all the rest of her senses. She felt her legs being spread and a talented tongue start licking her entire vagina, getting it wet and increasing her arousal. That tongue was making circles around her hardening clitty, sucking it into a hot mouth that was drinking her juices and fucking her hole all at the same time. Ohhh, the luxuriousness of that silky tongue. Then someone else's fingers were fucking her...fucking her...while that tongue flickered like a thousand butterflies doing a dance of lust on her clitoris. Then...what was this?? She felt her hands being guided to touch and slap big luscious breasts while many hands were on hers...she was turned over on her hands and knees while someone started licking her rectum and someone was underneath her eating her pussy like it was the most delicious caviar.

She couldn't help it...she came, spasming like a madwoman, grinding her cunt into that wet, full mouth that she couldn't see. Helpless in her pleasure, she was turned over yet again and her feet buckled into stirrups. A different mouth replaced the one that she had gushed into but now she felt a small buzzing toy being run along the whole length of her vagina and inserted into the opening. She cried out in passion as a new set of lips and hot tongue licked and tickled her clit and anus while rhythmically fucking her with the buzzing vibrator.

She could feel 2 women, one on each breast, one still sucking her toes, and one giving her the best cunnilingus she had ever had, even better than the men she had slept with. And then the buzzing toy was replaced by a slightly bigger one...it entered slowly with slow thrusts, but she couldn't feel the woman's hand directing it. All she could feel was the delicious dance of a hot tongue and a wet mouth sucking at her clit, pulling it, licking around the dancing dildo on the fucking machine they had brought in. She was cumming...cumming...cumming again...started to scream with the intensity of it...and as she did, she felt someone's tongue up her ass, so deep, so intimate. 

She was shoving her ass in their mouth, begging for more, more more!!

No man had EVER made her cum like that! It was out of control, she was like a wild animal, demanding to be filled. "Fuck me, suck me, make me cum! I fucking LOVE it!!" she bellowed. The fucking machine increased its speed and intensity as she could feel 2 hungry mouths licking her pussy and asshole. They took their mouths off her enlarged clit to put a clit pump on for a second to increase the size then she felt her nipples being pinched slightly as nipple clamps were put on. She was rocking her hips and moaning and moaning and moaning and just as she thought she couldn't take anymore, a well lubricated finger was inserted in her ass and the most powerful vibration played across her clit as the machine pumped and buzzed and fucked the shit out of her. It was the WAND! 

"OH MY FUCKING GOD!! OH OH OH OH MY GOD!! OH MY GOD!! OH MY GOD!!" she screamed as wave after wave after wave hit her and she squirted directly into the face of the woman who was finger fucking her ass. A soft giggle ensued. 

Dawn finally came down from about 50 orgasms. She was completely blissed out, incredibly satisfied and comforted by all the beautiful women who had tended to her. She drifted off into a dreamless sleep, and when she checked out the next day, she asked, "When is the next opening available?"

The receptionist smiled and handed her a card...and a video of her "treatments and modalities" and gave her a wink. "We will see you next week, same time. Thank you for letting us pleasure you and have a good day."