 It was Friday evening, the weekend was here, and Kelly was on top of the world as she walked to her car. However when she passed by Gloria's car she could plainly see the woman was crying. Gloria was one of the new interns the company had hired right out of college. With her long blond hair, blue eyes and little button nose Kelly found her very attractive. The girl's body still young and taut made for a desirable package.

In a bold move, Kelly opened her door and sat beside her.

"What's the matter, honey a pretty girl like you shouldn't be crying on a Friday night?" 

The girl looked up, surprised,

"Oh hi Ms. Masters, I'm sorry I just got some bad news and I kind of lost control."

"Please dear call me Kelly, I bet it's a boy isn't it?"

"Yeah, my boyfriend, I guess I mean my ex-boyfriend just broke up with me through a text message."

"Gloria, you're still young but you'll learn soon enough all boys are pricks."

"I seem to be finding that out, that bastard didn't even have the nerve to tell me to my face."

"Listen hon, now is not the time to be alone, follow me to my place and we'll have a girls night together. We can have some wine and tell each other our horror stories of the men in our lives."

Gloria accepted the tissue from Kelly and after blowing her nose, told Kelly she loved the idea. As Gloria followed Kelly, she thought about the rumors she'd heard about Ms. Masters. Was she really a lesbian, well, it could be true. She had seen her look at her with a look that could have been interpreted as lust. Well, she didn't care besides she was a big girl and she could take care of herself. In reality, she just didn't want to stay alone in her little apartment. 

Gloria was impressed with the size of Ms. Master's place and she looked around as her host opened a bottle of wine.

"While we let that breathe come on in my room and I'll get us something comfortable to wear."

In her bedroom, she pulled a drawer open and took out two extra large men's tee shirts. She tossed one to Gloria as she told her they were the only things she had left from her ex-husband. She turned her back to Gloria and said,

"Be a dear and unbutton this for me."

She did as asked and then watched as the woman pulled her arms from the sleeves and then let the dress fall to the floor. Gloria was shocked at how great a figure she had and when she turned around she couldn't keep her eyes off her breasts. They were so full compared to hers and it made her feel like a little girl. Kelly saw that the girl was starring at her,

"I'm sorry am I making you feel uncomfortable?" 

"No, Ms Masters---"

"Please dear call me Kelly; you make me feel like an old lady."

"Don't say that Ms, err I mean Kelly you don't look old at all. You have such beautiful breasts; I'm so small and inadequate."

"Come on your turn, let me see for myself."

Gloria took off her blouse but she could feel her face turning red.

"You just don't know how lucky you are to have nice small boobs. Mine are always in the way and soon I just know they'll be sagging down to my belly."

Gloria looked again at Kelly's body and while it was true, it was turning soft with age she still had a nice figure and Gloria could only hope she would look the same when she was her age. 

"It's not fair, I'm standing here in my panties and you're still wearing a skirt. Take it off, so we'll be even."

"No it isn't fair, you're wearing matching lingerie, is that satin, gosh it looks so pretty. I'm just wearing underwear and they don't even match."

Never the less, she took off her skirt to reveal a cheap thong she had bought at Target. All Kelly said was sexy and then she took off her bra, and then put on the tee shirt so Gloria did the same. 

"Now that we're comfy let's go check on that wine."

They sat together on Kelly's couch drinking and talking. Both discussed their men problems as they finished the whole bottle. Kelly was facing Gloria, with one foot on the floor and her knee on the couch, Gloria could not help looking up her shirt, and she found she was starring at the crotch of Kelly's panties. Even so, she was surprised when Kelly leaned over and kissed her. It was a passionate kiss and when Kelly put her hands in her hair to hold her in place she felt the heat building in her body. She pushed her tongue into Gloria's mouth and she accepted it hungrily. When they finally broke their kiss, Gloria found herself on fire.

"The best way to get rid of man problems is to take care of it yourself."

Gloria watched mesmerized as Kelly slid her hand into her own panties and she began to rub herself right in front of her.

"Is this how you play, Gloria?"

Her mouth too dry to speak, she merely shook her head,

"Then show me how you do it."

Gloria pulled her leg up on the couch to match Kelly, then pulling her thong to the side she spread her folds to expose her clit and then slowly rubbed it as Kelly watched. 

"Oh god I'm so wet, I can't believe it." 

Kelly pulled Gloria's hand away from her and put it to her mouth where she savored her scent. Gloria moaned, 

"Let me taste you," Kelly put her own fingers to Gloria's mouth and yet that taste was not enough and she wanted more. She dropped to her knees in front of Kelly and started kissing her through her panties. Finally, she took her panties in both hands and slid them down her legs to expose the treasure she desired. 

Gloria had actually kissed a girl 'down there' before, back in college but she had thought it naughty and uncomfortable so only did it that one time. However kissing Kelly was turning her on and she loved how she held her head right where she wanted her to lick. She felt so rewarded when Kelly climaxed that she almost came herself. She leaned back and looked at Kelly, proud of herself for making her cum and she could feel the woman's wetness still on her face. Gloria desperately needed to cum but she also wanted more of Kelly's pussy first. She put her face back into Kelly's slit, first lapping up the excess fluids and then to concentrate on her clit.

This time when Kelly came she screamed and the pushed her head away as she was now too sensitive to be touched. She pulled Gloria up on the couch next to her where she kissed and licked her own juices from Gloria's face. Kelly stood and taking Gloria's hand, led her to the bedroom where she first undressed her and then herself. She lay Gloria on her bed and then climbed on top of her and while straddling her chest she put her breast to Gloria's lips. First one and then the other she kissed and suckled Kelly's big breasts. Then it was her turn as Kelly slid down her body to feast on Gloria's perky tittys. Lower and lower, she slid to her flat belly where she licked a trail downward ever downward. Gloria could no longer stand the suspense and she pushed Kelly's head to her throbbing clit. When Kelly put her mouth on her she came at once, the excitement had been too much to bear. Instead of stopping, Kelly just lowered her head enough to put her tongue inside Gloria. As Gloria lay there recovering she found herself running her hands through Kelly's hair. When Kelly put her mouth, back on her sex Gloria grabbed her hair now to hold her in place just as Kelly had done to her. 

When they finally stopped, Gloria had no idea how many times she had climaxed but now completely sated and tired she just wanted to sleep. It felt so good to have Kelly's arms wrapped around her as they spooned in Kelly's bed. Gloria now knew she had found something that had been missing from her life and she felt she could stay in Kelly's bed forever. As she drifted off to sleep, she thought about how much that one kiss had meant to her now.