 "I'm off to work!"

I was laying across my bed reading a book and listening to music when my roommate and friend, LaDonna, peeked into my room. "Ok, girl," I said, looking up briefly from the page that I was reading. "Make me a lot of money," I joked, though I already knew that she would. She had recently gotten a job as a waitress a little over a month before and had been bringing in good money since she had started. I was glad for her AND myself because she was now able to be on time with her share of the bills.

Fortunately, the bills weren't too bad. We lived rent free in a nice 4- bedroom Victorian style house that my grandmother had left me when she passed away. The bills weren't too bad, so we always managed. I let Donna move in with me so that she could get on her feet after her husband of one whole year left her high and dry (he even took the car that she had paid for with her income tax money!). She had been working different odd jobs and temp jobs to do her share and I knew it wasn't easy, so I didn't bug her much about it. As long as she was trying to help I didn't care, especially since she helped me do some minor renovating on the place. After all she was my friend and I didn't have the heart to be a bitch about a few extra dollars on the bills. 

But on with the tale....

Where was I? OH!.........

"Make me a lot of money."

"Only for you, Chelly Belly," she joked back, calling me by the nickname that used to drive me nuts. She shifted the black duffle bag that she carried from one shoulder to the other.

"Is your ride here already?" I asked, forever playing the surrogate mother in spite of the fact that she was actually older than me by a few months.

"Yes, dear," she said with a smile. "I'll see you in the morning."

"Okay," I told her. "You be careful. You know I'm not too crazy about this whole 'night shift' thing you got going."

"I'm safe," she told me for the umpteenth time. "You worry too much."

"I know, but I'm so good at it."

She smiled a little bit, before turning to head downstairs to leave. I look out of my patio door and watched her climb into a car with so much bass booming from it, that I could only imagine how pissed the neighbors were for having to hear it at 9:30 at night.

I shook my head with a small smile and went downstairs to fix myself a bowl of ice cream to enjoy while I continued my Saturday night routine of reading and listening to some soft music.

Boring, you think? Maybe... but after being something of a wild teenager growing up (unbeknownst to my family) all I desired on most nights was simply to relax after a day of working. But I digress...

At the tender age of 25, I already considered myself middle- aged. I own a home (thanks to Granny), a nice SUV, managed a boutique with awesome clientele and was doing a little real estate on the side. I was doing better than a lot of people twice my age. But do you really care about that stuff. I'm sure you are wondering about how I look, right?

Well, I'm about 5'5"... caramel hued skin... grey eyes that most believe are contact lenses (but they're real... really they are!)... shoulder length dark brown hair( a little overdue for a deep conditioning, but it's okay)... a decent pair of boobies if you like a C-cup... I have a very slight pudge around the belly area that I can't seem to get rid of no matter how much I work out (it could be the eating ice cream late a night...), but it is not horrendous or anything like that... 

My blessing and curse is my butt. It is a Certified Grade A Ghetto Booty. An authentic Ka-Dunk-A-Dunk! I hated it in school because it was often the topic of conversation with the fellas, but I learned to deal with it. Sometimes I used to my advantage. It was also the cause of me getting put out of the clubs for fighting in my wilder days. Grabbing my ass was a bad idea, but most guys didn't realize it until it was too late....

Anyway, there's a little background info on me... I'm sure that you are curious about LaDonna as well...

What can I tell you about Donna... Very sweet chick for the most part. Every now and then she might get an attitude or something. I always blamed that on her monthly. She grew up on the other side of the tracks. If you're from the other side of the tracks, you knew exactly what I mean. It wasn't too bad... just.... I don't know.... Ghentry (both ghetto and country)... She stayed in the area where there several different housing projects, both middle and lower class, but there were also some decent houses built next to houses that were virtually condemnable. The decent houses all had signs in the front yards stating that they had ADT Security Systems, though only about 25 percent of them really had it...

But once again, I digress....

Donna, grew up in the "Ghentry" area of town and in spite of it, she came out of it pretty good. She graduated high school with a very good GPA and had offers from several of the local colleges, but she had put that all on hold to help her ailing father. When he passed away, he left her with and insurance policy with just enough to cover funeral expenses and take care of a few bills. Not much, but it could've been worse, I guess. Now, Donna was a smart chick... until it came to men... All it took for her was some well said words and some good sex and she was snagged. And that's how she got with runaway husband, Jake. After 2 months of smooth talking and good fucking, he asked her to marry him and she said yes. Two weeks after that, they were married at the courthouse. A year later, he was missing and all he has left behind was a note saying that he had found someone else...

So now we fast-forward a year later and here we sit... She staying with me and finally working a job that is giving her enough money to save a little so that she can get her own car and stop bumming rides when she really doesn't have to. I'm not to worried about the bills because I know that if she can't handle all of her share, I could pick up the slack. I would have to handle it all by myself if she wasn't with me, so no biggie. Besides, I kinda liked having her around.

I know, I know... You're thinking 'Well what does SHE look like?'

Well, she's something of an eye catcher. Dark brown eyes and flawless brown skin (she recovered from the teenaged acne spell thanks to Proactive).Petite in height, just barely 5'1"... Chin length jet black hair, but you wouldn't know it due to the various weaves and wigs that she tended to indulge in from time to time.... Breasts that almost seem out of proportion to her body size. She claimed to be a C-cup as well, but they looked bigger than mine!.... She also had one of those ghetto booties. We often debated on whose was bigger, but I guess all of that stuff would LOOK bigger on a pixie her size...

Now that you have something of a clue, I continue my little tale.....

Where was I again?...

Oh yes... Ice cream....

Well after getting a bowl of Ice cream topped with Hershey's syrup, I made my way back upstairs to my bedroom to do a little more reading. Though, I love a good romance novel and like all types of books, I had never read anything extremely erotic and I was now reading a book about a secret society of women who were wives and business woman and such. However they participated in something like a sexual party of sorts every month. I had never even considered anything like that and had gotten to a particularly stimulating part of the book. As I ate my ice cream, I read faster, anxious to find out what was going to happen next... I felt a familiar tingle in my feminine center and before I could stop myself, I put what remained of my ice cream on my night stand and laid back to continue reading.

As I read about an orgy that was taking place with a few privileged men, I lifted my nightshirt and eased my fingers into my panties. I continued to read as my fingers toyed with the wetness between my legs. I felt the tiny, silky, damp hairs of my well trimmed womanhood before I let two fingers lightly stroke my clitoris, making me even wetter. As I began to massage myself, the words on the page of the book faded then disappeared as I closed my eyes and enjoyed what I was doing to myself. As I continued my manipulations, I put the book on the bed next to me and used my free hand to lightly pull at my hardened nipples. 

I heard myself moan lightly as I played with both of my breasts and my wet kitty-cat. My movements became more frantic as I yearned for a quick, but satisfying release. I slid two finger deep into my drizzling snatch until I felt my fine hairs against my palm. I moaned, happy with the depth that my fingers reached... but it wasn't enough. I returned my bedewed fingers to my clit and stroked it with ferocity, silently begging my body to give me what I needed... a good orgasm.

My body played nice, finally allowing me to explode upon my fingers. I continued to rub myself until I was too sensitive to even want stroke it anymore. As my body calmed down from the convulsions that I had caused myself, my telephone rang.

I reached over and picked up the telephone with my cleaner hand. "Hello?" I said, still a little breathless.

"Playing with yourself again, Michelle?"

"Kiss my ass," I responded to my good friend, Gary, though I couldn't stop the smile that came across my lips. If you took the "R" out of his name, you would have an accurate description of the type of guy that Gary was.

"I'm going to take your response as a 'yes' to my question," he said into my ear via his cellular telephone. I could only laugh a bit. "Well," he said," get your other hand out of your coochie and get cleaned up. I got movies and alcohol and I'm on my way over."

And with that, the line disconnected in my ear.

Gary was a very attractive man. Just over 6 feet tall with a slim, but solid build, hair longer than my own that he kept pulled back in a neat ponytail... teeth so white they almost glowed... almost sexy... except for the fact the he would never go near a woman's privates... he was very, very flamboyant. A very funny guy, very gay in both the traditional and modern sense of the word. Had anyone else called with the same comments, they would've received a goos cussing or they would have received the dial tone. But Gary was just Gary and the attitude and crazy comments fit him.

After hanging my phone up, I climbed out of my bed. I undressed on my way to my private shower. I quickly showered and washed the now dry self-sex juices from my fingers. I quickly shampooed my hair with pear scented shampoo that was an exclusive at the boutique that I managed. As I dried off in my bedroom, I hear my living room door open downstairs.

"It's just me!" Gary yelled. "I used my key!"

"Well, duh!" I yelled back as I slipped on a fresh pair of panties. I threw on a huge t- shirt and brushed my hair back into a ponytail. I picked up my dirty clothes a tossed them into my clothes hamper before joining my buddy in the kitchen downstairs.

"Hey, bitch," we said in unison before giving each other a kiss on the cheek.

"So what are we watching tonight?" I asked as he pulled various liquors out of a paper bag.

He named the movies as I put our first bag of popcorn into the microwave as he quickly whipped up a pitcher of strawberry daiquiris.

As we settled onto the couch, Gary ask, "Is Donna working tonight?"

"Yep," I replied as I poured my first drink into my glass. "I wish she was here instead of waiting tables tonight. It's been a while since we all have kicked it."

"Waiting tables?" Gary said with a snicker. "Is that what they are calling it now?"

"Well, she's a waitress," I debated. "That's what waitresses do, hon. They wait tables."

"If you say so, girl," Gary said before pouring up a drink for himself.

As we watched the previews on the first DVD we both sat in silence. "She's stripper, isn't she?"

"Yes, honey," Gary said honestly. 

"How long have you known?" I asked him, crossing my arms over my chest.

"Since she started," he answered. "Who do you think got her the job?"

"GARY!" I yelled, frustrated, "how could you keep this from me?!"

"It really wasn't my place to tell you," he answered. "Besides, I thought you knew until just now."

"Well, now I do," I said, slightly perturbed. "Why didn't she tell me?" I wondered aloud.

"Because you are 'Mother Goose'."

"I am not that bad," I disputed.

"With her, you are," Gary debated in return. "You've been mothering that woman since she came to you and asked to stay with you for a while. I didn't want to say anything. I decided to let y'all work through that. It's not my business."

"Yeah whatever," I said, getting up to get some rum to add to my daiquiri. "Punk," I mumbled as I walked past my friend.

"I heard that, bitch," he said with a laugh. He got up and followed me to the kitchen. "You can't get mad at me for HER not telling you."

"You're right. I'm sorry."

"That's okay, honey," he responded, opening his arms to give me a hug. I hug him back. "You know I'm going to have to confront her, right?"

"I know," he said, still hugging me. "When?"

"Now!"

"Not looking like that," he said pushing me away to peruse my appearance. "You know I am not going to let you go by yourself and you also know that you are not going to be seen in public with me looking like that. Go change."

**********

As we stepped out of Gary's souped up Honda Accord, the valet handed him a ticket and greeted him cordially.

"Valet parking at a strip club huh?" I said cynically.

"This is higher class. We prefer gentleman's club," Gary corrected as he walked past the outside bouncers and the people that were already in line and went up to the door. When I didn't follow him he looked at me like I was crazy. "Are you coming or not?"


"We can't just jump in front of everyone," I said, looking at the moderate line in front of the building.

"Yes we can," he said coming back to grab me by the hand and pulling me along with him. "V.I.P., bitch" he said with a smile.

"Well, excuse me," I said following him inside.

"She's good. She's with me," he informed the guy who was carding me. The man nodded his head and put a gold toned band around my wrist. Gary then turned to me and said, "You are VIP for the night too."

"Woo hoo!" I cheered sarcastically. I followed him into the club that looked.... like a club. 

People were partying all over place, sitting at tables with drinks and chicken wings, at the bar, on the dance floor and against the walls. "This doesn't look like a strip club to me," I yelled to Gary over the loud music.

He pointed upward as we approached an elevator where a bouncer was standing guard and a cashier waited nearby. The bouncer stepped aside and allowed Gary access. "Hey Gary", he said with a nod of his head.

"Hey, Dennis," Gary replied, looking up at the massive guy. "See this bitch?" he said pointing at me.

The bouncer nodded.

"Anyone who fucks with her gets put out."

"Done deal," Dennis replied.

As we stepped onto the elevator, I could feel the massive man staring at my ass. I turned around and waved as the door closed. As we went to the second floor, I looked at Gary and said, "One of these days, I'm going to get tired of you calling me bitch."

"No you wont," he said as the door opened again.

Now THIS floor was, without a doubt, a strip club! There were guys seated around the stage, enjoying the performances, various dollar bills in their hands... what looked like a bachelor party... Even a few couples were close to the stage with money in their hands. I looked to my left and to my right and saw scantily dressed beauties, some giving lap dances and some walking around.... I watched as one chick pulled a guy from his seat to lead him into a room where I'm guessing they had private dances.

So... this is the 'restaurant' where my friend had been working for the past month or so. I guess it didn't really bother me that she was a stripper. If it was what she wanted to do, more power to her. I was just pissed because she kept it from me. I wanted to hear the reason from her own lips. I felt like I deserved that much.

"I'm going to go get her for you," Gary said, "but don't you cause a scene."

As he turned to walk away, I grabbed his hand. "No," I told him. "I have a better idea. How much is a private dance?"

"Oooh, that's not nice," Gary said with a mischievous grin on his face. "No warning or nothing huh?"

"Nope," I said crossing my arms over my chest. Before I could speak again, a guy approached Gary.

"New prospect?"

"Hell no," I quickly answered, looking the man in his eyes with a glare.

"Sorry," he said holding his hands up in apology, though he looked as though he wanted to laugh. He then spoke to Gary for a couple of minutes.

"Hey, Danny," Gary said to him suddenly. "Is Viper about to go on?"

"Nah, she just did a set," Danny replied. "What's up?"

"Somebody wants a private dance," Gary responded nodding his head towards me.

"Ohhhhhh," Dennis said, looking at me with a whole new light in his eyes.

"It's not like that," I quickly said, looking at the guy who had a mirthful expression on his face. I rolled my eyes as he said "Suuuuuuuure" and walked away.

"I don't think I like him," I informed Gary. 'And just how do you have so much clout here. You're gay for Heaven's sake!"

"I made a major contribution to this place," he replied. "Me and my cousin are part owners. And what does my being gay have to do with anything?!"

"Gay guy, strip club" was all that I said as he led into a room for my "private dance".

I sat on the plush red sofa and Gary left the dimly lit room. A few moments later, he returned.

"She'll be in here in just a sec," he alerted me. "Now play nice and I want details." He then disappeared.

A couple of minutes later, sensual music was being piped into the small room. Slowly, seductively, Donna a.k.a. Viper entered the room, dressed in a flimsy black baby doll style negligee and clear heels that were at least 5 inches high. She had donned a wig, giving her the look of having hair so long that it almost reached her butt. This sexy vixen was not the same chick that left my house with her chin length hair, jeans and tennis shoes!

The room was so dim that she hadn't realized that the person sitting on the sofa was me. I would've thought that she would be at least surprised that it was a woman, but I guess not. You get all types in the strip clubs, I guess. 

I watched as she slowly began to dance for her dollars in front of me. She used slow, fluid movements, making sure that she kept her viewer interested. Strangely, that is exactly what I was becoming... interested...

Now I've never really entertained thoughts of being with another woman. Not that there is anything wrong with it. It just wasn't something that I was particularly curious about. Hell... I wasn't even pursuing a man at this point! But there was something about the way that Donna... I mean Viper... was moving.... I was becoming mesmerized.

As she freed the single button to the sheer garment that she was wearing, I knew I should had stopped her then, but I couldn't. I was becoming more and more intrigued by the show that she was putting on for me. I nearly choked as the flimsy fabric fell to the floor, revealing a black thong and those breasts that I still wasn't convinced were only C's. I could only stare at her for a minute as she ran her fingers flirtatiously over her skin. 

When she turned her back to me and bent over, exposing her ass to me, I fell that familiar tingle and wetness, but I couldn't believe that it was because I was watching my friend dance! I tried to look away briefly, feeling that I was wrong in a thousand ways for the feeling that I was reluctantly beginning to feel at that moment. Part of me felt ashamed, but a larger part of me was still extremely curious to see where this was going.
