 This story is a (long overdue) follow-up to "Allie's First Time Receiving Oral." Enjoy!

**************************

**************************

The door opened and I leaped forward, letting out an excited squeal like a teenage girl as I wrapped my arms around the girl who stood there, hugging her tightly. She returned both the hug and the squeal, both of us overjoyed at being together again after three months apart. We pulled apart and I just gazed at her face. Robyn! After all these months, I was finally seeing Robyn again!

She was wearing jogging shorts and a simple t-shirt, but somehow she always made anything she wore look good. Her black hair was even longer, coming down to her butt and she probably sat on it accidentally if she wasn't careful. Her smile was radiant, showing perfect teeth and just lighting up her whole face. Ultimately though, it was her green eyes that drew me in and left me momentarily speechless, eyes that I had gazed into so many times the previous year. I had seen her eyes sparkle with mischief and playfulness, blaze with passion and longing, and glow in contentment and my memories of these times flowed through my mind as I looked at her. Robyn must have felt the same, because she stood there unmoving as well, saying nothing. I wanted nothing more that to tackle her to the floor and kiss her until our lips chafed, but a "Hrm-hrmph" of someone clearing their throat ended the spell.

"Sorry, Dad," I said, moving aside so he could walk into the apartment and put down the heavy box he was carrying. A new school year was beginning, but instead of sharing a dorm room, Robyn and I had found an apartment near the campus. She had already moved in earlier in the week, and my parents and I had just now arrived.

My dad straightened up and, turning to Robyn, smiled. "So, you must be the Robyn we've heard so much about." He held out his hand. "I'm Allie's dad, George. A pleasure to finally meet you."

Robyn returned the smile and took his hand. "The pleasure is all mine. I'm so sorry we weren't able to meet last year, but I had already found a summer job and they wanted me to start right away, so I had to leave before Allie did." She looked at me, and by the sparkle in her eyes I could tell she was remembering our last morning together.

I had woken up to find her fingers sliding ever so slowly in and out of me. We often slept naked in the same bed. I vaguely remember I had been having a very pleasant dream, but whether that was a result of her ministrations or if the dream aroused me and prompted Robyn to start fingering me, I don't know. What I do know is that when she noticed I was awake, she spread my legs apart and began to kiss and lick my clitoris. It took me no time to reach orgasm. I cannot think of a better possible method of waking up than that. I had then returned the favor, and we spent a couple of hours just pleasuring each other, knowing this would be our last day together for months.

I shook my head slightly, banishing the memory, when I realized Robyn had been talking to me. "Sorry, just scoping out the living room setup. What did you say?"

"I was asking," she smiled, guessing at my thoughts, "if you wanted help unloading."

"Oh, yeah," I replied. "I've got a lot of stuff. Come on down and meet my mom." Robyn had me wait until she could gather up her hair into a quick bun, which always amazed me that she could do it so quickly with hair as long as hers. When she was ready, I led Robyn and my dad down the steps to the parking lot. My mom was standing by our van, watching to make sure no one made off with all my stuff. "Mom," I called, "here's Robyn!"

My mom came over and exchanged greetings with Robyn and then we starting hauling up my stuff. Robyn had brought a television and stereo system, so I didn't have anything high tech except for my computer, however it had been my job to bring a microwave and most of the kitchen supplies, in addition to all my clothes and belongings, so there was a lot of bags and boxes. My mom stayed with the van and my dad, Robyn, and I began the process of taking everything inside.

When we got upstairs, my dad put down the microwave and left to get more. Robyn and I put down what we were carrying and then embraced again. Desperately, my lips sought out hers and I moaned as her hand reached around my head and pulled me to her and we kissed deeply. Our tongues touched and Robyn sucked mine into her mouth. A wave of desire rushed through me and my hands seemed to move on their own to cup her ass and pull her against me.

We kissed for as long as we dared, which was far too short to satisfy me. "God, I've missed you," I whispered into her ear as we held each other close. "I've needed this so badly."

"Me, too," she replied, giving me one last kiss on the forehead. "We'd better get back down there, but later when your parents leave..." She gave me a flirty wink and a very sultry smile (to this day I don't understand how she can do that. I can't.) letting her words trail off and making my imagination fill in all kinds of pleasurable details. She stepped out the door and I followed her.

I'm not sure how many trips up and down the stairs it took to get everything, but I noticed how most of the time Robyn made sure she was ahead of me on the way upstairs, swaying her hips in an exaggerated fashion when only I could see it. Since I was wearing a tank top, I retaliated by bending low when I could, giving her a great shot of my cleavage. She upped the ante by brushing my breasts with an arm or my thighs with a hand when she would pass by me. I began to do the same, and soon we were exchanging quick kisses with a lot of tongue whenever we could, the thrill of possibly being caught only made it more erotic. Although I couldn't speak for Robyn, I knew she was slowly driving me into a frenzy.

As I went up and down the stairs, my mind wandered to the summer break, and how being away from Robyn felt like a kind of starvation. I survived through online chats and phone calls, and we talked about everything. Our jobs, what we did in our free time, and how much we missed each other. We started to reminisce about the things we had done while we were together, and I had become so aroused. Before I knew it, I had my pajamas off and was masturbating as Robyn described the things she would do to me if we had been together at that moment. It was my first experience with cybersex, but it was not the last as we then made sure to do it once or twice a week.

We soon escalated to phone sex, which was both better and worse than cybersex. Better in that I could hear her voice, hear her breathy whispers as she told me how she would pleasure me, hear the buzz of the bullet vibrator she used and her soft whimpers as her orgasm approached while I described how I would pleasure her. Worse in that it only took a minute or two to say things that would take fifteen minutes to type online, meaning I felt like I was repeating the same things over and over in an effort to keep Robyn aroused.

Like a starving person, I survived on these scraps, longing for the day I could sate my hunger for Robyn. Today was going to be the day, but the wait was nearly unbearable. After going without her for three months, another couple hours should be nothing, but Robyn was so close now. I could see her. Touch her. Hell, I could smell her, that scent of freshness and lavender from the soaps and shampoo she used. This teasing foreplay as we moved my belongings, rather than lessening my hunger, only increased it.

Finally we got everything unloaded from the van and into the apartment. The weather wasn't hot, but we were all sweaty from the exertion, except for my mom, who had sat in the passenger seat, reading a book. So unfair.

"Well, girls," my dad said. "I'm sure you're both anxious to start getting everything set up and put away, but how about we take you out to lunch first." My spirits sank a bit. Don't get me wrong, I was hungry and loved the thought of a free lunch, but it would mean even more time until Robyn and I could be alone. Also, I thought about how when I was with my first boyfriend, my parents could just tell by the way I acted that I was in love. I was afraid that they might notice how I felt about Robyn if they were around the two of us for too long. Still, I didn't feel like I could really turn down the offer, as it would be the last time I saw my parents until winter break.

"Sounds great," I said. I turned to Robyn. "Don't you think?"

She smiled. "Definitely," she said. "How about some McDonald's?"

"Bitch," I exclaimed and slapped her arm, ignoring the sharp "Allie!" from my mom. I had worked at McDonald's over the summer and didn't think I'd want any food from there for a year at least. Talk turned to what restaurant we wanted to eat at, and it was decided we would go to a Chinese place nearby.

We all took the opportunity to use the bathroom and then splash some cool water on ourselves to wash some of the sweat away. While I was in there I felt between my legs and noticed how damp I was, and not just from sweat. My clit was visible from beneath its hood and part of me longed to touch it and bring myself to a quick orgasm. I would probably be more relaxed at lunch if I did, I reasoned. Finally though, I decided not too. The next time my clitoris was touched, it would be by Robyn.

Once we were all ready, we piled into the van and drove to the restaurant. The waiter seated us and after a few minutes we ordered a few dishes, planning for each of us to have a bit of everything. My parents began the typical questioning of Robyn that seems to happen whenever adults try to get to know a college student. "What is your major? What classes are you taking? What do you plan to do when you get out of school?" All the usual stuff. Thankfully, the ordinariness of the situation cooled my arousal, and I was confident that I wouldn't act in a way to make my parents wonder about the two of us.

Robyn told them of her plans to be a nurse, and how she was just now really starting down that path. She had used her previous years to get rid of most of her general requirements. Talk turned to me and my ambitions to be a business major and maybe start up some kind of small business when I finished school. "You're lucky," Robyn said. "When you're finished here, you're done. I'll still have a few more years to get my RN."

The food arrived then, and we stopped to load up our plates with various styles of beef and chicken, along with barbecue pork and potstickers. Conversation turned to more general things as we ate. My dad and I talked about how the school football team would do this year. Yeah, that's right, I like sports. Go ahead and drool, guys. My mom and Robyn went over some television show that they both followed, laughing over ridiculous plot points and the antics of the characters.

We were almost finished eating and had all just finished discussing the latest government screw-up when my dad got up to use the restroom. My mom decided she had better go too, leaving Robyn and I alone. She reached over and took my hand, squeezing it tightly. Her other hand used some chopsticks to play with her remaining food. "So what do you think," she asked me. "Shower when we get home, or straight to bed?" She said "bed" in a way that would have left no doubts to a listener exactly what she meant.

"What makes you think I have any intention of letting you get that far into the apartment," I asked, squeezing her hand back as I did.

She made a purring sound in her throat. "That might be best," she said. "I might go crazy if I don't get to do this to you soon." At my confused look, she released my hand and pointed at her plate.

It was only then I noticed what she had been doing with her food. She had taken the last two potstickers and placed them back to back, and rested a pea from her fried rice between them near the top. All together, they looked remarkably like a pussy, with the pea acting as the clit. She was sliding one chopstick between the potstickers slowly, as if it were a finger. Seeing that I had finally noticed what she had been doing, she leaned over, eyes never leaving mine, and ran her tongue along the top, sucking the pea into her mouth.

The sight was so erotic that I dropped my fork. The burning desire for her that had faded at the beginning of the meal and which had begun to come back at her question flared up into an inferno. I felt myself become immediately wet. When Robyn quickly picked up one of the potstickers and bit into it, I realized my parents were coming back from the restroom.

"Everything okay," asked my mom, looking at me.

"Yeah," I said, maybe a little too quickly, but desperate to cover up my feelings. "I just dropped my fork accidentally and Robyn is trying to show me how to use chopsticks." Which, I thought to myself, I will never look at the same way again, along with potstickers, after seeing Robyn's little performance.

Robyn ran with the story. "See how easy it is," she said, after sucking her chopsticks clean. This only made me remember how she would suck her fingers clean after masturbating me to orgasm, always moaning or telling me how good I tasted. I felt myself get wetter and thrust the memory out of my mind.

My dad paid the bill and we left. As we drove back to the apartment, we pointed out various places of interest that we passed. Good restaurants, the nearby park, the new school building that was still early in the construction phase, I pointed out anything so that I wasn't sitting there in an awkward silence. The only thing I really had on my mind was getting home and attacking Robyn.

We arrived and we all got out of the van. My dad shook Robyn's hand again, saying, "I'm glad to have finally met you, Robyn. Good luck with your classes." Robyn thanked him, and then my mom came up. She gave Robyn a hug (apparently lunch had been enough time together to qualify for hugging status) and told her goodbye, then they both came to me. We all hugged and kissed as we said our goodbyes. They got back in the van and pulled out of the parking lot. My dad honked the horn and they drove away. Robyn and I waved, watching until they turned the corner.

Robyn dashed for the stairs, and I was right behind her. We both probably set some sort of stair-climbing record as we hurried up them and to our apartment. Robyn fumbled with her keys, trying to unlock the door. This probably would have been easier if I wasn't right behind her, my arms wrapped around her, hands rubbing her breasts and stomach. We were both panting, and not from our exertion on the stairs.

Finally she got the door open and we practically fell inside. Robyn closed and locked the door behind us then turned in my arms to face me. Our lips met again, but this time there was no worry about being caught. No worry about being interrupted. Our lips were mashed together from the force of our kisses, our tongues swirling together, first in her mouth, then in mine. I had to break the kiss for a moment and yank off my glasses, dropping them to the floor, so they would stop digging uncomfortably into my face. Then our lips were attached again, as if glued together. Her hands were already under my tank top, working at the clasp on my bra. Mine had slid into her shorts, cupping her ass and pulling her against me, my fingers digging into her soft flesh.

Our panting became heavier in our frenzied desire. I felt my bra come undone and Robyn's hands slip under the cups to engulf my breasts. She spread her legs a little as I began to shove her shorts down, pleased how easy it was with just an elastic band, no fasteners or zipper to worry about. I forced her panties down with them and felt a wave of moist warmth flow over my fingers as her most intimate of areas was bared.

I tried to run my fingers through the source of that heat, but my arms were forced up and away from Robyn as she broke our kiss and pulled at my shirt and bra, trying to remove them. I raised my arms to help, wanting my own interfering clothes off and out of the way, and the offending articles were hurled across the room. Robyn's hands returned to my breasts, and she also bent down to suck a nipple between her lips. I let out a gasp of pleasure and felt my pussy gush. My nipples had always been sensitive, and my hands moved almost of their own accord to grasp her head and hold her to me.

The bun of her hair felt wrong under my fingers, and I pulled out the band holding it together, letting her long tresses fall free. Some of her locks brushed against my legs, making me quiver as a ticklish sensation traveled up them. I only then realized that Robyn's free hand was working at my shorts, clumsily unfastening them a button at a time. This reminded me that I had already pushed her shorts down and I moved my hands from her head back down to her now naked ass.

I cupped her ass in my hands, kneading the flesh like bread dough, eliciting moans from Robyn which were muffled by my breast in her mouth. I slid one hand over her hip to the front, running over her shaved mons, and down from there to her opening. I thrilled at the feeling of wetness there, pleased to know I was not alone in my heightened state of arousal.

As I lightly ran a finger over Robyn's wet lips, she succeeded in undoing enough buttons on my shorts to push them and my panties down. As she had done, I spread my legs apart a bit so they slid down easily. A wave of cool air flowed over my pussy as it was exposed, making it and my wet thighs tingle. I stepped out of my shorts and panties when they hit the ground, completely naked now. Noticing how unfair this was, I released her ass and pulled at her shirt, dragging it up her back. She quickly reached back and grabbed the hem when I had raised it far enough, releasing my nipple from her lips as she yanked her shirt off. She unfastened her bra and let it fall to the floor as well before returning her full attention to me.

Robyn grabbed my shoulders and then fell backwards, pulling me with her. I felt just a moment of panic, then I realized that we had slowly moved towards the couch. We fell onto it, me atop her, our naked bodies embracing each other. Finally, after my three months of near starvation, living on scraps, I was feasting. Our legs wound together, each of us moving a thigh to the others' pussy. We both moaned as our continued motions caused us to rub against the others' thigh. Holding each other close, laying belly to belly, we stroked and caressed each other as we kissed fiercely on the lips, cheeks, neck, and chin. Our panting filled the room, as did the scent of us, no longer contained by our clothing.

At the same time, we stopped kissing and looked at each other. No words were needed between us. We both knew what the other wanted, so I didn't hesitate. I raised myself up and turned around, my knees on either side of her head, my hands by her hips. I bent my arms and spread my legs apart, bracing one leg on the floor as it went off the couch, and lowered my soaked pussy to Robyn's waiting lips, at the same time lowering my hungry mouth to hers. Neither of us could bear to be the first to give pleasure, nor be the first to receive it. And this first time had to be us, alone. No toys, no aids, just us.

We both gasped as tongues touched clits. I wrapped an arm around Robyn's leg, holding me against her as I ran my tongue up and down her slit, giving her clit a couple flicks each time I passed it. I felt one of her arms wrap around my waist to hold me to her and her tongue as she licked me like an popsicle, from the bottom to the top over and over again. Her tongue would just graze my clit at the start of each lick and I wanted nothing more than for her to hit it full on.

The taste of her was as I remembered, but a little saltier from the sweat of unloading the van. I reveled in her flavor and in the feeling of her juices coating my mouth as I feasted on her. The warmth of her skin against mine brought back so many memories from the previous year, every touch of her hand, every swipe of her tongue, every brush of her long hair as it fell over me like a waterfall when she would lay atop me. 
