 It is a family tradition to spend the Independence Day holiday out at Lake Marion. I managed to get away for a bit with some of my friends. Most of us gals went topless throughout the day, much to the delight of the few men along (as well as us female connoisseurs of perky breasts and erect nipples). We did shoo the fellows off after a while and we went skinny-dipping. Most of my friends use a modified bikini trim – just a small tuft above the shaved nether lips. Have you ever played tag naked? It is a lot of fun, especially when some of the girls are straight and you still get a handful once in a while. A few of us decided to get together that evening to watch the fireworks from the lake and then head for a party at one of the lakeside houses. 

After checking in with my folks, I once again headed back out into the lake in the boat to our spot near one of the small islets that dot Lake Marion. I tied my boat to one of the others already there (this is called rafting) and soon we had half a dozen boats all tied together, creating our own small island. Now we could hop from boat to boat, visiting each other, sharing our beer, wine, pot, or whatever. Most of us were still wearing our bathing suits and had just brought a change of clothes – shorts and tops and shoes – for the party. 

I was sitting on the bow of my boat, dangling my feet in the water, when Katy sat down along side me. Katy is one of my few straight friends from the lake; we’ve known each other since we were in 3rd grade and our families started coming up to the lake for the summer. I hadn’t seen her much since I started college so we had a lot of catching up to do. One of the things I’d commented on was the dramatic change in her appearance. I admitted to her that I had not recognized her at first when I’d seen her that afternoon. Gone was the mousy chub of yesteryear; she had slimmed down and toned up. Her hair was bobbed in a stylish cut and her makeup was very tastefully applied. The overall effect was stunning, and I told her so. She told me she thought I was a beautiful as ever, especially that afternoon wearing only a thong bikini bottom. She asked me about my love life and I told her about college and the causal relationship I had with Ingrid and Veronica. 

The fireworks started and we all “oohed” and “ahhed” as they burst above our heads on the lake. It was so cool to just lay back on the boat’s deck and stare up at the stars and the explosions of color. The show lasted a good half hour and we just shared a couple of joints as we immersed ourselves in the experience. After the finale, the raft of boats started to break up, but Katy asked if she could ride with me. When I said sure, she grabbed her stuff from the other’s boat and then joined me back on the bow of mine. Neither of us was in any hurry to go to the party so we figured we’d stay put for a bit and talk.

She told me she’d been engaged for a while to her High School sweetheart but then found out he was seeing some other girl on the side and she’d dumped him. Now she was just drifting emotionally. Her parents had made her come to the lake against her will, but she admitted that being back amongst her girl friends had been good therapy. Especially swimming and playing tag. I laughed and said she’d been to good of a swimmer; she never got tagged so was never it. She admitted she’d only been tempted once to let someone tag her and that was when I was it. She drew very quiet at that point and I let her be as I refilled our wine glasses. When I sat down beside her again, I reached over, touched my finger to her thigh, and said “Tag, you’re it!” I tossed back my wine then dove into the water. She laughed and followed me in. I swam around the side of the boat, trying to keep it between us, but she swam under the boat and tagged me on the side. I dove after her and caught her just as she surfaced for air, my outstretched hand touching her right breast above the halter. Before I could dive away, she threw her arms around my neck and kissed me. This was no tentative kiss – this was a deep and passionate embrace. Her hands moved along my spine, caressing my back as her tongue invaded my mouth.

When she finally broke away from my lips, I asked whether she was sure she knew what she was doing and she said she knew only in theory – that she wanted me to teach her the realities. With that, she kissed me again, her hand cupping my breast and teasing my nipple through the fabric of my halter. I needed no further encouragement; it had been a long time since I had been with anyone and Katy was lighting my fires very well. I gave her one of my patented super kisses, long slow deep passionate – one that feels like you have been kissed from your toes to the roots of your hair. My hands just held her lightly by the hips as we tred water, trying not to drown amid the passion.

We broke the kiss and hauled ourselves up onto the boat. As we lay back on the pads on the deck, I put my arms about her slim body and once again kissed her. Her hands moved lightly to my breasts, pulling aside the fabric and stroking my bare flesh. I untied her top, threw it into the boat’s cockpit, and bent my head to her nipple. It was hard and swollen, about the size of the tip of my pinky finger, and from the way her breath caught, extremely sensitive. I started to flick it with my tongue as I held it between my teeth. Her hand pressed my head against her breasts as if to encourage me. I opened my mouth wide and took most of her breast inside my mouth, creating a hard suction, while my fingers pinched the nipple on her other breast. I quickly switched, taking the other nipple into my mouth, sucking it hard as I scraped my teeth along it, my hand massaging her other breast and pulling on her nipple. As I lifted my head from her chest, she pushed me onto my back and started to lick and suck my nipples. She was a quick learner. She had my extra-sensitive nipps throbbing with desire as she nipped and suckled them, pinching and pulling on them. She even brought me to a small orgasm as she caressed them.

I pushed her onto her back once more, sitting astride her thighs, and began to caress her sides and breasts with my hands. Ever so slowly, my hands moved further down her body, the finger tips tracing along the waistband of her bikini to the small ties over each hip. I pulled the ties loose and exposed her trimmed triangle of down and her swollen lips below. She had a large clit; it extended past her swollen lips like a miniature dick. My hands pulled her suit off completely and then caressed her now bare abdomen, passing every closer to that junction. I shifted so I was seated between her leg, with her thighs atop mine. Her vulva was now completely exposed to my eyes in the moonlight, her distended clit reaching toward me. I moved my hands inwards along her thighs finally reaching her slippery pussy. I parted her lips and eased a finger slowly inside her. 

She was so tight! One finger was all that would fit! I bent my head forward and ran my tongue along the inside of her lips, collecting her sweet nectar and moving up to that rigid clit. She gasped a small scream as my tongue and lips made contact with it. I closed my lips around it and began to move my head as if giving head to a very small phallus. Her clit swelled even more and I could feel it throb with her desire. I created a vacuum in my mouth, sucking hard and flicking it with the tip of my tongue. Her hips began to buck as her orgasm neared. I pushed my finger deeper inside her as I rapidly lashed her clit with my tongue. Her entire back lifted off the deck as she came…her hands clamping my head tightly against her pussy. 

I withdrew my finger and began to lick her entire slit with long slow passes of my tongue, each pass moving over her clit. My hands cupped her buns as I continued my oral assault, dipping my tongue into her tight cunny then up to her clit. She began to squeeze her own nipples and breasts as my tongue explored her nether crevasse. I parted her lips and once again sucked that huge clit into my mouth, sucking and tonguing it as I fingered her tight hole once again. Another orgasm rocked her followed quickly by an even stronger third.

I sat up and pulled her up into my arms, the embrace bringing her lips to mine in a fevered kiss while her pubic bone ground against mine. I could feel that hard swollen clit of hers pass between my own slippery nether lips and come into contact with my own nub. Internal sparks flew as we ground our pussies together, quickly bringing me over the edge to an orgasm. Katy pushed me onto my back and buried her head between my thighs saying she wanted to try to bring me the same kind of pleasure. Her inexperience made it even more exciting, knowing that I was her first. She soon drove rational thought from my mind with her fingers and tongue, exploring everywhere, caressing, licking, sucking, and nibbling. I lost count of the orgasms I had. 

Finally, I pulled her up into my arms, held her head against my chest, and we drifted to sleep.