 The Lady Giselle made her way gingerly up the stairs - her body thoroughly aching from the abuse of her father and uncle earlier. The taste of her uncle's cum still coated her tongue and throat and the aching in her ass reminded her none too gently of her father's 'calming' therapy. 

Each step was a humiliation - the sopping wetness coating her inner thighs was proof enough of her inability to control her body. It was no wonder her father constantly cursed her for the fidgiting, the restlessness, her complete lack of self control. A slow tear slipped down the soft pale velvet rose petal of her cheek and dropped into the carpet even as she raised a tiny slippered foot to crush it into the carpet with her next step. Her fingers were fisted into her skirts to keep them from hindering her climb, yet still she stumbled, bruising her shins on the oak steps. For a moment she considered staying there, giving over to the urge to wail out her hurt and humilation. An inner strength, a dignity she wasn't even aware of, pushed her to her feet and compelled her into her bedroom where her maid waited for her.

"Giselle! What have you done to your lovely hair?!" Her maid's lilting French accent raised in surprise actually caused Giselle to startle. Large eyes, already brimming with unshed tears riveted on the girl and even as she caught the expression in her Lady's eyes, Cecilia knew that Alexander had been abusing the girl again. It tormented Cecilia to see her lovely girl this way, but there was nothing she could do.

"Oh child.. come, sit, I'll make it all well again. No, be still, let me pull out all of the pins and begin again. Ah.. my work... it was so lovely... Now it will be lovely again... Be still child... no, dont cry, it will ruin your lovely face..." The maid continued talking soothingly to the girl even as she removed each of the tiny diamond and pearl pins holding the mass of red gold tresses. She continued, stroking Giselle's hair into an upsweep of curls fit for the royalty that she was. 

When she was finished she gently led the girl over to the bed and pushed her gently back over the bed to lay down. Giselle sighed, relaxing at last under the ministrations of the loving maid. 

Giselle gently pushed the girls skirts up overthe girls hips. She gasped in surprise at the chastity belt and tiny knotted tube coming from the girls swollen rosebud. She stroked her fingertips over it, causing a delicate shudder beneath her fingertips. She cooed ever so gently to the girl before pushing her knees as far apart as she comfortably could. 

Rising, the maid went over to the fire and prepared a tiny bowl of warm rosewater and brought it back over to gently wash away the slick wetness coating Giselles pale thighs. Then she gently pushed the cloth beneath the the leather of the belt, stroking the girls pussy ever so gently with the warm wet cloth, feeling her quake and sigh. 

"Its ok Giselle.. relax.. no, don't close your knees my darling, let me bathe you, thats it.. relax my baby girl.. "

Even as Cecilia whispered the words the warmth of her breath caressed the girl, causing her breath to catch in gasps and sighs, her fingers to curl into the covers, her hips to push out against the warmth and stroking. Rising tides of passion rolled through her stomach, causing her nipples to harden and again jut out from the tight bodice of the gown. Tiny whimpers turned into pleading whispers, Giselle's breath catching in her throat even as her tongue licked out, tasting again her uncle's cum coating her lips. 

The maids finger slipped up into the soaking tight wetness of the girl's pussy, stroking around, tugging for a moment on the jewel within before slipping out to push into the tight rosebud of her ass along beside the filled bladder there. Gently she pushed in another finger, stroking and swirling even as the cloth continued its warm massage of her clit.

The girl's body spasmed and arched, bucking against the cloth and her maids fingers as she gasped and begged for mercy. Finally Cecilia pulled the cloth away, once again stroking it across her inner thighs where new juices glistened. 

"There now my child, you're all clean. Stand. Yes my little love, you're quite lovely..." Her soft hands stroked over the bodice of the gown, pulling it over to just barely hide the jutting nipples. Giselle jumped as the maid's nail scraped gently over the dark coral rosebuds, her breath catching again in her throat. 

"Hurry child, your uncle is waiting for you. Make your father proud my little love. I will be here waiting for you when you return..."

Giselle, eyes wide with fear, quickly hugged her beloved maid and turned to swirl out of the room, descending the staircase with a floating grace that was even pleasing to the hardened falcons awaiting her.