 Disclaimer: all characters involved in sexual activities are 18+

~

Chapter Three

The Lady

'Carrera, what the actual fuck are you thinking?' I asked myself. 

My dearest Greta told me to meet her under a bridge in Kurt Memorial Park. She said we needed to talk and even though I'm not even supposed to be out her in the daytime, I'm totally going to meet her. I cursed myself and went well out of range of the bookstore before going into an alley and teleporting to hell. 

Just like how demons aren't as bad as they're described, hell isn't all that bad either. Demons only punish the sinful until they repent. Once they do, they're allowed to leave and go to heaven. Only half of hell is all fire and brimstone and whatnot. The other half is designed as a place for the demons to live when they're not working or once they retire. Most of my job took place in the residential part. Since my job was to chasten the sexually wicked, I had Lucifer expand and soundproof my basement and disciplined them there. It was an extremely fun job and usually didn't take long for them to repent. Not because my punishment was bad, they just couldn't take the role reversal. Once they stepped into my basement, I was the seme and they were my uke. 

I felt bad often when I punished these women. I was being a huge hypocrite. I had gone into the dreams of and had sex with countless women. It was the source of my power. Sometimes, I didn't even want to; sometimes I had to find the nearest house and do whatever chick was in there because I was too weak to go without. I was definitely not proud of what I did. 

I teleported into Hell, appearing at the front gate. It was impossible for demons to teleport directly in hell because Lucifer wanted to make sure people were doing their part. Direct teleportation to a hiding spot would make it too easy to avoid confrontation. 

"Welcome back, Carrera." The gatekeeper, Arden, greeted. "You're out unusually long. And in the daytime... Something you want to tell me?"

Arden was my absolute best friend. I'd been keeping Greta a secret from him, but I knew that eventually he'd realize that something was up. I wasn't exactly sneaky.

"Arden, I've been watching over a girl." I said.

"Carrera! A human?" He asked, shocked. "Sweet Statutory, Carrera, I'm so proud. Your emotions are getting stronger."

I nodded, grimly. "Don't be proud of me, Arden." I said, "I'm in love with her."

Arden gasped and quickly looked around to see if anyone heard.

"I'm sure you're just overreacting!" He laughed loudly, then lowered his voice, "Not so loud, Carrera. Falling in love is already pretty bad, but with a human is even worse. Are you absolutely sure?"

"I've never been so sure of anything in my entire life." I said.

"Then I'm with you 100%." He said. "However, you need to go to Lucifer and tell him."

"I don't want to yet. Not until I have her love as well." I said, "When Greta returns my affections, I'll negotiate with Lucifer."

"Okay, Carrera. Be careful." Arden said, snapping, making the gate open. 

I started down the diamond path that cut through Hell when a figure stood in front of me. I sighed and walked around him, continuing down the road. Lucifer, like the persistent prick he is, followed me. 

"Carrera, why are you ignoring me?" He whined.

Lucifer was probably the biggest disappointment of the stereotypical hell. Satan worshipers that met him absolutely hated him. Why? Satan was about 5 feet tall. His hair was platinum blond, his eyes were big and copper colored. As if looking like he was 12 wasn't bad enough, he acted as if he was closer to 9 most of the time. He was a pretty fantastic ruler, however, who was fair, made good decisions and always did what he thought was best for the people. 

"CARERRAAAAA!!" He whined again, tugging on my sleeve. "Hey, why are you still in human form?"

"Well, you're always in human form." I shot back. "Besides, I kept cutting myself on my tail somehow."

"You were out for a long time today." He pointed out.

"Yeah, I suppose." I said. "I guess it was because of the run in with the angels earlier."

"Really, what happened?" He asked.

"Just their normal instigating. You know how angels are." I said. Angels are a pain in the ass sometimes. "I took care of it, though. Pulled out the contract." 

The 'contract' was referring to an agreement the angels and demons had to never make contact while on earth unless the demon was physically harming a human. I actually had run into angels earlier, but that took like 5 minutes. Nothing too time consuming, but I wasn't going to tell Lucifer that I was actually out stalking a human.

"Hmm... Okay. Did you get your job done on Earth?" He asked. "How about in Hell?" 

I sighed heavily, almost growling. "I would be done if you hadn't wasted my time."

"Okay, Okay. Don't have to be mean about it." He complained. "I'll check on you later. Bye, Carrera."

"See ya, Luce."

I went to my house and straight down to the basement. The night before, three hookers had been brutally murdered and ended up here. Now they were chained to the wall in my basement. Great. The first one was an older woman; she was slightly overweight and looked to be in her mid-30's. All three prostitutes were still in their skimpy hooker outfits and wearing way too much makeup. I removed the gag from her mouth and she immediately gasped.

"Thank God, another human! You're here to save us, aren't you?" She asked.

I looked down at my clothing, realizing that I never changed back into my demon form. Shit.

"I'm afraid not." I said, "You do realize that you are dead, correct? You were murdered."

All three hookers' eyes got wide and the blonde one in the middle started sobbing. I removed the gags from their mouths and they all started to beg at once. I couldn't help smiling to myself. There was a sadist in me, even though I didn't like to show her often.

I sighed and started to transform back into a demon. The human clothing melted away leaving me completely naked except for thigh-high stilettos, my hair turned into its natural indigo color and fell over my shoulders to cover my breasts. Wings broke out of their hiding place and spread out, stretching, and horns emerged from my head. My tail broke free and curled around my leg. 

"Do you want to go to heaven rather than stay in Hell?"I asked them.

"Yes!" They all yelled.

"Then you'll have to repent." I said. "And for the love of God, change into something dignified. You aren't the ones who have to practically rape chicks in their sleep to survive."

They all nodded vigorously and I snapped, changing them. With that, they were on their way to heaven.

Easy Peasy. Best job ever.

I changed back into human form and teleported quickly back into the human world. By now it was nearly dark. Greta would be off work soon and I didn't want to keep her waiting for me. Or rather, for Ryla. The teleportation had landed me about a block away from the entrance to the park, in a deserted area. I couldn't risk anyone seeing me.

I started toward the park, but stopped when I felt a pull in my stomach and fell to the ground. I had been ignoring my feeding again and was weak.

'Well... Time to feed.'

The sun was setting, giving the area a gorgeous golden hue. My cell phone that I used for human business read five-thirty. That meant that Greta would be off in 30 minutes.

Oh Greta... I had to stop thinking about her. It would make this so much harder. My map told me that the next residence housed a sleeping 25 year old un-married female. Why she was sleeping at 5:30; I had no idea. Perhaps she worked nights. Within minutes, I quietly maneuvered myself around her house to her bedroom window. She seemed to either be very trusting or waiting for someone because her window was wide open. I slipped into her bedroom and quickly shifted into my demon form. Then, I teleported into her dream.

She had already been dreaming, so I was forced to interrupt. Luckily for me, she was fantasizing about some guy fucking her. I came up behind him and threw him off into the darkness of the dream before I crawled on top of her and pinned her down.

"Hey, what-" My lips quickly covered hers in an effort to shut her up. I instantly felt better, but it wasn't enough to keep me alive.

"I'm sorry, but I'm just so hungry." I said, sitting up, straddling the girl's hips. 

Realizing that her arms were no longer pinned, she tried to move, but to her horror she couldn't. I laughed at her wickedly and once again the sadist in me emerged. 

I didn't want to rape her, and I didn't have to; in fact, I was physically unable. Succubae could not enter a dream unless the dreamer wanted it.

"Get off of me!" She yelled, trying throw me off. 

"What's wrong, honey?" I asked, "Why are you trying to fight it?"

"Dammit, I'm not fucking queer!" She yelled, continuing to struggle.

"Hm, I don't know. I think you are." I purred, sliding down her naked body. I spread her legs before settling between them. 

I gathered my long hair and threw it over my shoulder before using my finger to spread her shaved- no, waxed lips.

"Liar." I said, holding her open with two fingers of my right hand and oh-so-slowly sticking the index of my left into her. "You're soaking wet." 

She gasped loudly and her hips moved into my finger. 

'This will be easier than I expected.' 

With that, I lowered my face to her still-spread pussy and ran my tongue slowly over her slit, causing her to gasp. I slid another finger into her and started to move both fingers in and out of her. I curled my fingers up, causing her to moan and thrust her hips into my fingers. Meanwhile, my tongue went to work on her clit, moving quickly over the sensitive nub. After a minute, she began to buck her hips violently and she came on my hand with a loud moan. 

After a moment, I pulled my fingers out of her and put them up to her lips. She opened her mouth and accepted them in, licking them clean.

I figured it was safe, so I freed her hands. To my surprise, she pulled me towards her and kissed me. Her lips were frantic and passionate and she still tasted like her own essence. She broke the kiss and looked into my eyes.

"For the love of God, fuck me." She said, her expression almost pained, "Please."

I sighed and straddled her again, moving her leg over mine and pressing my clit to hers. Then, I began to grind into her and my mind wandered to my darling Greta. I closed my eyes and imagined that it was her under me and not this random girl. I thrust my hips harder and quickened my pace as I thought of Greta; how she would look all sweaty and sexed up, how her moans would sound, how she would taste and what her face would look like when she came.

"Greta." I moaned as I came simultaneously with the woman underneath me. 

I opened my eyes and realized that I wasn't with Greta. I needed to be; I needed her. I got up immediately and got off of the stranger, stepping back a little.

"Wait, where are you-"

"Thank you." I said, ending the female's dream. I turned into my human form before exiting the room through the window. I needed to get to Kurt Memorial. 

~

Greta

"Bye, Alexis!" I called, exiting the bookstore. 

I went straight to Kurt Memorial and waited in the grass near the Graffiti Bridge. The Graffiti Bridge was a nickname given to the bridge that went over the Wishkah River. Since it was a bridge that Kurt Cobain spent a lot of his teen years under, it was covered in spray paint messages left by his fans. There was also a sign that read: " ~In Memoriam~ From the muddy banks of the Wishkah." It was one of my favorite places to visit in this stupid town. 

I had been waiting for 30 minutes when Ryla appeared from behind a nearby tree. It was only 6:30, but it was already pitch black. It didn't make any sense because it was summertime, but I dismissed it. 

"Hey, Ryla. I didn't think you'd show." I said. 

"Sorry, Greta, I got caught up in a bit of trouble." She said, "How are you?"

"Alright." I said. "Yourself?"

"Feeling much better." She said, "What did you need to talk about?"

"C'mon. Walk with me." I said, taking her hand. We walked up onto Young street and started across the bridge on the sidewalk. 

"Ryla, are you a lesbian?"