 "Okay, bitch... spill it."

I looked at Gary as he put his car in drive. For a moment, I said nothing as he drove away from the gentlemen's club. "There is nothing to 'spill' really," I said unconvincingly.

"Yeah, right," Gary replied with a snort. "You are a horrible liar. Not to mention you've had this crazy look on your face since LaDonna walked out of that room."

I debated on whether or not I should try to lie or tell my friend the truth. I was kind of embarrassed about my unforeseen reaction to "Viper" and my private dance. I wasn't sure that I was ready for the remarks and possible ridicule that I would receive from Gary. Then I thought 'What could he possibly say. HE's gay for crying out loud!'

Besides, like he said, I really am a horrible liar...

"Well?" he prodded.

"Well," I began slowly, hesitantly, "the music started playing and she came into the room. At first, she didn't even realize who I was-"

"And then what?" Gary interrupted. "Did y'all get into an argument?"

"No really," I answered. "We talked it out and I'm going to stop being so overprotective-"

"Mother Goosie," he interjected.

"Yeah, whatever," I said quickly. We rode quietly for a couple of minutes before I continued. "That's not all," I then confessed.

"Well good," Gary said with a sigh of relief. "I was afraid that this story was going to be boring. Continue."

"You know I can hardly stand you, right?" I said with a short laugh.

"No. You love me," he corrected. "Now, what else happened?"

"Well," I continued, "after we got our little discussion out of the way, she asked my why I didn't stop her from stripping-"

"I was kinda wondering that myself," Gary interrupted.

I crossed my arms and looked at him pointedly. 

"Okay, okay . . . I'll hush," he said with a sigh.

"Thank you," I said, satisfied. "Well," I began again, "there are a couple of reason that I didn't stop her. I still couldn't believe that this was dear, sweet LaDonna doing this private dance in a strip club-"

"-Gentlemen's club-"

"Whatever!"

"And secondly?" he then asked with a raised eyebrow.

"I was getting kinda turned on by it," I confessed and silently waited for his verbal onslaught. There was none.

"And?"

"Oh, you don't have anything to say about that?" I inquired, surprised.

"I thought you were about to tell me something juicy," he responded. "Ya know... something like the two of you getting freaky with each other or something to that effect."

"Wellllll . . . " I said with a sheepish grin.

"Michelle!" he nearly shrieked, pleasure and surprise in his voice. "Did you and Donna get freaky?!"

"Kinda," I replied meekly.

"Details, honey!" he yelled gleefully. "Details!!!"

I then told Gary about how LaDonna had decided to finish my private dance and how she had gotten "touchy-feely" with me. I then told him that she had said that we would continue once she got home.

"That is soooo cute! Gary exclaimed with exhilaration. "My best friend is going to experiment and become a rainbow girl!"

"This is NOT cute," I said, socking him in his arm.

"Ouch, bitch," he said in mock pain as we pulled into my driveway. "And yes it IS cute. Here I am, thinking you need a little dick your life and all of this time you've been craving coochie!"

"You are soooo tacky and unfunny," I informed him as we climbed out of his car. "And just for the record, I have not been craving coochie, as you so brazenly put it."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," he said with a wave of his hand as we trotted to my porch.

Once we got into the house, I whipped up a fresh batch of strawberry daiquiri with a little extra alcohol. After my experience earlier in the evening, I need a little buzz to relax my frazzled nerves. I poured myself a glass and took a sip.

"Ready for one?" I asked my comrade.

"When I get back," he answered, pulling his keys out of his pocket.

"Where are you going?" I whined. "We just got back and I don't wanna drink all by myself!"

"I'll only be gone for a couple of minutes," he told me. "Go ahead and drink a little bit and I'll catch up when I get back."

"You promise?" I asked childishly.

"I promise," he reassured me before walking out of the kitchen to leave.

As I grabbed my drink to go back into the living room, I heard the click of the front door being closed and locked. I then trotted back into my living room and got comfortable. As I sat there and channel surfed, my mind replayed the events of the evening. 

I still couldn't get over the fact that I had nearly been seduced by one of my closest friends. Before our private dance, she had never even crossed my mind in that manner. No woman had! But now . . . And, OH MY GOODNESS . . .! She had me nearly drooling!

She said that we would continue where we left off when she got home! Was she serious?! I was so clueless about what to do if it turned out that she was for real. Was she experienced at this? Had she ever been with other woman? I would never have thought that she could be with a woman. Then again, I never thought that she would be working as a stripper either.

More importantly, WHAT WOULD I DO IF SHE WAS FOR REAL? As curious as I now was, I was less than a novice when it came to something like this. I knew nothing about pleasing a woman... Hell... it seemed like it had been ages since I had even been with a man! 

Where would I even begin?

As I sat, pondering these thoughts, I heard the keys jingle as Gary unlocked the front door. So lost in my thoughts, I hadn't realized that his 'couple of minutes' had turned into nearly thirty.

"Well, you were gone long enough," I chastised him lightly, though I hadn't even missed him.

"I know," he said with an adorable pout, "and unfortunately for you, I can't stay."

"What?!" I fretted. "Why not?" I wanted to know.

"Tommy called me and-"

I interrupted him before he could finish. "You're going to get laid, aren't you?! You're ditching me for a piece of weinee!"

"You're damn right," he said resplendently. "And soon you will be ditchin' me for some cut so hush."

"Ugh!" I exclaimed. "So tacky!"

"But don't get mad," he then said. "I brought you a gift."

"And what might that be?" I asked as he dropped a small bag into my lap.

"Studying materials!"

I could only laugh after I pulled to porno DVDs out of the bag.

"Tacky... just tacky!" I said with a laugh.

"But you adore me," he said with a flourish. "Now review those and let me know what happens. Study hard, Miss Thang!"

"Yes, dear," I said with a chuckle as he kissed me on my cheek.

When I heard him close the front door and lock it with his key, I rose from the sofa and went into the kitchen to refill my glass. Remembering that I was now alone, I grabbed the whole pitcher and journeyed back into the living room. Once again, I started channel surfing, debating on whether or not I wanted to view the 'educational material' that Gary had so thoughtfully purchased on my behalf. Losing a battle with my curiosity, I popped one of the DVDs into my DVD player.

I stared intently at the television screen, watching the titillating events that were taking place between the cornucopia of various model-type characters . . . black, white and exotic... 

I took a huge gulp of my icy beverage as I watched an awesome looking blonde French kissing an exquisite looking exotic brunette. As I fought off the momentary brain-freeze, my eyes remained glued to the screen as "Exotica" moaned and played in "Blondie's" hair as Blondie trailed down to her erect nipples with her tongue. I felt myself getting warm as I watched Blondie begin to gently massage her companion's clean-shaven snatch. I found myself pulling my skirt up to go beneath my panties to do the same for myself.

The wetness that I found at the center of my thighs reminded me of my encounter with LaDonna. Thinking of her only made me wetter. I continued to watch and slowly rub my dampened clitoris as Blondie licked her way down Exotica's flat belly to where her wet kitten waited to be kissed and licked as well. When Blondie made her first confident stroke upon Exotica's clit, I nearly felt it myself. 

I moaned with Exotica as I pretended that I was the one being licked instead of her. My self-pleasuring became more fervent as I watched the two beauties in action. I plunged two fingers deep into the core of my womanhood as I watched the brunette writhe under her lover's manipulation. I pulled my soaked fingers from my wet cavern and continued to rub my throbbing clit with wantonness.

I moaned as I felt that familiar pressure building up at my center. The sight of the two women making love was more stimulating that I had ever thought possible. I continued to ravish my clitoris as the women switched positions and began to kiss again. I slowed my fingers down, not wanting to cum just yet. However, as I watched Exotica hungrily devour Blondie's fine-trimmed cunt, my desire to cum was only escalated. I found myself ready to explode as Blondie's head wildly thrashed left and right as her devotee drank from her femininity. As she cried out in ecstacy, my back arched and I cried out with her as I exploded onto my on fingers.

Physically spent, I could only sit there on my sofa, legs spread, as I continued to watch the beautiful women sexually gratify one another. Before I knew what had happened, I had dozed off and awakened to the sound of keys jingling outside. I knew that it could be no one but Donna, so I did what any other chick in my situation would have done...

I hastily turned the television off and pretended to sleep.

As I laid upon my sofa with my eyes closed, I heard her yawn and walk further into the living room. I tried to keep my breathing slow and steady as I heard her come closer to the sofa.

"Interesting movie selection," I heard her whisper with a soft chuckle.

DAMN! The freaky DVDs . . . 

I mentally braced myself, preparing for her to wake me up and confront me about our earlier interaction. 

She didn't.

I heard her walk away and go into her bedroom. I debated on whether or not to just get up and talk to her. However, I didn't want to look like a moron for pretending to sleep, so I just laid there and continued to fake it.

I heard her come back into the room. I felt the softness of the quilt that she laid over me. Then to my surprise and pleasure, I felt her lips softly graze my forehead. "Night-night, girl," she whispered before returning to her bedroom.

I felt like such a wuss as I laid there on the sofa... a big 'ol horny wuss. I laid there and fell asleep, promising myself that I would face her after we had both gotten some sleep. 

I awakened a few hours later to the ringing of my house phone. I hastily shuffled around until I found it under the coffee table. "Hello?" I said groggily.

"So what happened?" Gary bellowed cheerfully into my ear.

"Absolutely nothing," I informed him.

"And why not?" he demanded.

"Because I punked out," I said honestly. "I wasn't ready to handle it yet."

"Well, what did Donna have to say about it?" he then asked.

"Nothing," I answered. "When she got home, I played asleep."

"Michelle!" he chastised. "I am so disappointed in you!"

"So am I," I admitted. "Hey, I'll call you back in a little while. I'm about to get the shower okay."

"Ok," he said before warning me. "I will finish fussing at you later."

"Thanks," I said before hanging up.

I then stood up and stretched and grabbed my items from the prior evening. After putting my new "studying material" back in its case, I held it and its mate while I returned my pitcher and glass to the kitchen. I then filled a small glass with some orange juice and drank it down in just a couple of swallows. As I made my way to the stairs, I could hear the shower running in Donna's bathroom. A vision of her soaking wet in the shower caught me off guard and I nearly tripped going up the stairway. I could only shake my head at myself and my behavior as I continued up to my bedroom. 

Once I was in my personal bathroom, I quickly undressed and stepped into the shower stall and turned the water onto a hot, hard spray. I tried to block the fact that the first woman that I had ever fantasized about was downstairs doing the exact same thing that I was doing. I felt my clit twitch as moisture began to form between my thighs that had nothing to do with the water cascading from the showerhead. Fighting the urge to play with myself again, I adjusted the temperature of my water, making it much cooler. I then quickly cleansed myself, wrapped myself in a huge drying towel and went into my room to get dressed.

As I inspected the many selections in my closet, my mind kept straying. I could only wonder what Donna was doing downstairs. Was she still in the shower? Was she in her bedroom, moisturizing her beautiful body with scented lotion? Was she downstair thinking about me, like I was thinking about her?

As I felt myself grow wet again, I was amazed at what a change a person could go through after something as simple as a lap dance. This time yesterday, I was completely oblivious to the possibility of having a sexual encounter with a woman. And now here I was, leaning against one of my closet doors, eyes closed, rubbing my swollen clit wildly as I merely wondered what my roommate was doing...

I hadn't even realized that I had even started touching myself until I was cumming upon my slender fingers. "Oh my goodness," I muttered to myself. "I've got to get this out of my system." I made way back into my bathroom and quickly cleaned up my fresh mess. "Ok, Michelle," I scolded myself, "no more fantasizing about your good friend." After all, I couldn't run around with a couple of extra panties and wipes in my purse . . . could I? 

After finally getting myself together, I curled my hair and got dressed in a cute skirt that stopped mid- thigh and a blouse with a ridiculously deep V- cut. I was feeling particularly sexy today... I wonder why . . .?

I took a deep breath and straightened up my spine. I was going to talk to Donna and see what we could do about this situation because this lust that I now had for her was murdering my ability to think coherently.

I slipped into a nice pair of high heeled sandals and strutted out of my room to my staircase, ready to go to battle, because NOW I wanted her dammit and I was going to have her and get this vicarious desire out of my system! 

As I came down my stairs, I hear a horn blow. 

"Chelly Belly!" Donna said in a cheerful voice as she ran toward the door. "I have a few things to take care of, so I will see you later okay. I'm off tonight so maybe we could do some... girl stuff. Later!" 

She winked at me and was out the door.

"WELL HELL!" I said in frustration, putting my hands on my hips. So much for going into battle. "Damn it!" I cursed again. 

Determined to get out of the house and get Donna of my mind, I decided to go to the boutique for a few hours and do a little work. I ran up to my bedroom to grab a few select items. I then ran back downstairs, grabbed my purse and keys and was on my way...

"Good morning, ladies," I greeted my three sales people as I walked through the entrance. They greeted me in return and asked why I had come in on my off day. "I just needed to get out of the house," I informed them.

"You're a better person than I am," said Daphne, a petite fair skinned redhead who was almost at the boutique as much as I was. "I don't mind coming to work, but I refuse to come in to work on my off days 'just because'. Are you insane?"

Elaine and Terry nodded their heads in agreement. "Yeah, she's crazy," Elaine said. Elaine was nearly six feet tall with a model's figure and waist length golden blonde hair. A true stunner, but you would never know it by her 'crazy girl' attitude. Then there's was Terry, black chick . . . Dark skin, hazel eyes...wonderful personality. And before today, I had never noticed that she had a nice ass. (What on Earth was happening to me)

Daphne, Elaine and Terry were my most dependable workers and we all got along pretty good. Daphne was a very personable, funny chick with an off-the-wall sense of humor. Elaine and Terry were even crazier. The combination of the three women seemed to keep the customers happy and coming back. 

I had always noticed, though, that Elaine and Terry were almost always together. In light of my previous night, I now wondered if they were a couple. I knew it was silly. They could just be the best of friends or constantly car pooling, but I knew now that I was always going to wonder when I saw two women close together.

I tried to clear my thoughts as I did minor paperwork and browse catalogs in my office. Before I knew it, three hours had gone by. I looked up when Terry lightly knocked on the office door. "What's up?" I said, laying down a swatch of different fabrics.

"Your friend LaDonna is up front."

WELL BLOODY HELL! 

How did she even know that I was there?!

"She said that she needs your assistance," Terry continued, unaware of the fact that I had almost instantly become wet.

"Ok," I said with mock cool. "Tell her that I'm on my way."

Terry nodded and went back to the front of the store. I reached into my desk and grab a mini sized bottle of the boutique's body spray and tossed a quick spritz under my skirt, hoping that there would be no aroma giving off my sudden state of arousal. Unfortunately, the spray couldn't do anything for my nipples that were suddenly hard and well defined through my flimsy blouse. Well, I would just blame that on the air conditioning.

I rose from my chair and went out onto the floor. "Hey, girl," I said with more cheerfulness than I really felt.

"Hey, hon," she said, giving me a friendly hug. "I need your help to find a cute negligee."

"Oh really?" I said, extremely interested. Was she getting it for me? I found myself hoping so. "What's the occasion?" I pried casually.

"I have a very special client to perform for tonight." she answered.

My little heart crashed to the floor. "I thought you were off tonight," I said, trying to keep up the facade of nonchalance.

"I am," she answered. "This is just a little side thing."

"Oh" was all that I could say. My little fantasy of being with her was instantly torn to shreds. "So no 'girl's night' tonight then huh?"

"Oh, I'm sorry hon," she said, giving me another little hug. "On my next off night, I promise you'll have me all to yourself."

"FOR WHAT?" I wanted to yell, but instead I said, "Ok. Let's find you a nightie."

I then helped her peruse through our selection of lingerie and much to my dismay and pleasure, she tried several on and asked my opinion. By the time that she had decided on this hellatiously sinful blue number, my cooch was soaked and my mouth had gone dry. She grabbed a couple of pairs of thongs and took her selection up to the register. 

"Thank you for helping me, girl," she said to me as I got ready to return to the office.

"No problem," I answered coolly. "That's what home girls are for." I then instructed Daphne to give her a 30 percent discount and went back into the office. By the time that I sat back down in my chair, I was ready to scream from frustration. Now that I had decided not to be a wimp and give it a try, she had 'better' things to do. DAMN IT!

She and her little performance last night really had me screw up. Now I couldn't stop checking out Terry's ass and I was noticing how perky Daphne's breasts were. I was visualizing Terry pulling on Elaine's hair in ecstacy...

I had to get out of there!

"Ok, ladies, I'm out of here," I said in a rush, trying not to make direct eye contact with any of them, fearing that they would be able to read my thoughts through these expressive grey eyes. "Have a good night," I said as I made a somewhat hasty exit. I barely heard their goodbyes as my feet hit the concrete as I rushed to my Chevy Trail Blazer.
