 WE had spent a glorious week on the beach. Sunbathing and shopping the days away. This was going to be the last night of our vacation and I wanted to make it special. This was my girlfriend's very first trip to the beach and she needed to really cut loose. I had the whole evening all planned out for us, dinner, dancing, and a stroll along the pier. A virtual cornucopia of romantic delights awaited us. Little did I know, my girlfriend had a few plans of her own.

I was just standing in the closet looking at my clothes. I wanted to wear something stunning. Something that she would always remember, when she thought of this trip. I had it narrowed down to just two outfits. My shear Christian Dior dress. She loved that one. Roxy always loved it when I took pains to look really soft and feminine. Not to mention it was really low cut and when I stood in the right light, well, shear does say it all really. The other was more on the other end of the spectrum all together. Hipster leather trousers that hugged my ass just so, and a little mid-drift baby shirt that announced to the world I was a "Princess". 

"What ya' doin'?" She said as she walked up behind me and slid her hands around my waist.

"Trying to decide what to wear, still." I sighed.

"What's it down to?" I pointed to the dress and then the trousers. She nodded as I pointed to them and said, "Well, if you want my opinion, I am thinking the trousers are a good idea."

"If you think so." So, I got dressed and took a look at myself in the mirror. Oh yeah, I thought. I pulled on my big black boots. A nice finishing touch, I thought. I pranced out into the sitting room, feeling rather full of myself. Roxy looked up from the wrestling she was watching on television and her mouth dropped open.

"You look amazing!" She said as she closed the distance between us. She stopped just in front of me and ran her hands down my sides. Her lips gently brushed mine. Then she began kissing my greedily, running her hands over my ample breasts.

"I'm not sure if we are going to go out at this rate." She winked at me.

"MMM, well, there's always time for play later." I replied.

We grabbed our bags and headed out the door. The evening proceeded well. Dinner was great and the entertainment was superb. The restaurant we went to had a band that played while you ate. The lighting in the restaurant was also very low and romantic. All through dinner I could feel Roxy's hand gently massaging the inside of my thigh. I would occasionally glance up and give her naughty looks. After dinner we decided to stroll around town for a bit and eventually found ourselves at a local nightspot. It was really just a biker bar, but the house band was rockin' so we decided to go in and have a drink. After I had 2 mixed drinks and Roxy had 4 straight vodkas, she wanted to dance. I was hesitant; being surrounded by hairy bikers was not exactly my ideal place to shake my thang with my girlfriend. It was not at all like being in one of the local "girl bars" back home. She was starting to get a little tipsy and she was starting to show her dominant side. She was insistent, so I gave in and we made our way to the small dance floor. The band started playing a rockin' rendition of one of my favorite southern rock songs and I started to get into it. I closed my eyes and let my hips sway to the beat. Suddenly, I felt hands sliding around my hips. My eyes flew open expecting to see some hairy biker in front of me, foaming at the mouth. Instead I saw Roxy's lovely eyes staring back into mine. 

"What are you doing?" I whispered.

"You just looked to good...the way you were moving...it really turned me on." She whispered in my ear.

"You're insane. You're likely to get us killed."

"No way, look at them, they are eating it up." I looked up and saw that all the men in the room had their eyes trained on us. Roxy turned me around and pressed her breasts into my back. She ran her hand down the side of my body and with the other hand pulled my hair to the side so she could kiss my neck. Her tender lips went instinctively to the most sensitive spot on my neck. I couldn't help but shudder and allow a slight moan to escape my lips. Our bodies moved together to the rhythm of the music. By the end of the song, the sexual tension in the room could be cut with a knife. We quickly grabbed our bags and made a hasty exit. After a block or two, we stopped walking and started laughing, almost hysterically. She grabbed my waist and pulled me to her. She always got aggressive after a few drinks. She traced my lips with her tongue. 

"I want you." She said in a raspy voice.

"Right now?" I questioned.

"Yes, right now, right here."

"In the middle of the street?" She then grabbed my hand and guided me to a poorly lit alleyway. Toward the end of the alley was a small chair and table that had obviously been set up for the employees of the store next door, like a small smoking area. First Roxy tested the strength of the little table. Upon finding it rather sturdy and agreeable she spun around and pulled me to her. 

"Take of your clothes." She said. I didn't move. So, she said it again in a more commanding tone. I shrugged a little and gave in, pulling off my top to reveal my full breasts. Her eyes gleamed with excitement. Her hands went to my breasts immediately, fondling them and teasing my nipples. I never could resist her mouth on me. My body began to respond. I fumbled to free myself from my trousers. Finally escaping them, I was instructed to get on the table. I obeyed willingly. I hadn't bothered to wear any panties, as I knew they would eventually be in the way. In the dim light of the alleyway, I could see her digging through her bag. She pulled out a rather large handled hairbrush. Her delicate fingers spread my pussy and easily found my clit. She ran her finger over it and then gave it couple of light tugs. She held the brush between denim clad thighs and pushed my legs further apart with her hands. She pressed her face into my wet pussy. She slid her tongue inside me, flicking it back and forth. Then she ran her tongue up my pussy to my clit. She worked my clit with her tongue eagerly. She then took the brush and slid the handle into my pussy. The plastic felt kind of cold and surprising. She began to get really excited as she fucked my pussy with the brush handle. Her hand slid down her jeans and she began to masturbate as she fucked me in the alley. 

"That's it! You are such a nasty slut!" She moaned. "You like getting fucked in an alley, you slut?"

"Oh, yeah, I love it! I am a slut! Fuck your slut!" I gasped in reply.

I could feel my body getting very close to the edge. I couldn't stop, I was cumming hard. I moaned rather loudly and said, "Oh, God, yes, that's it, baby! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!" My body then began to shake uncontrollably and fire shot down my spine and exploded first in my clit and then moved inside my pussy. Thousands of tiny explosions went off inside me making me scream in ecstasy. As I began cumming, Roxy started masturbating furiously and began to cum too. We soon realized that there was a lot more noise in the area than before, not including us. A small theatre was letting out just on the other side of the street. I jumped up and grabbed my clothes and dressed quickly. Once we were somewhat composed, we strolled out of the alleyway arm in arm. 

"Let's go back to the condo." Whispered very close to her ear. She nodded and we headed back to the car. Once we were back inside our cozy rental condo, I grabbed Roxy by her long red hair and pulled her to me. 

"You, my dear, are very, very naughty!" I announced. I smothered her mouth in passionate kisses. Her tongue flicked playfully in and out of my mouth. I could taste myself on her. I wanted to have her taste in my mouth. I took her hand and led her into the master bedroom. I stripped her, then myself. I seductively crawled across the king-size bed on my hands and knees and smiled at her. 

"Come to me." I said.

She climbed onto the bed and pulled me on top of her. I kissed her forehead, her eyelids, her cheeks, her nose, and then slid my tongue into her waiting mouth. The more we kissed, the more I wanted to taste all over her. I ran my tongue gently over her hard pink nipples. Then I grazed them, ever so slightly, with my teeth. She arched her back and pressed her body against me. I ran my tongue down her flat stomach, all the way down to her pussy. Her pussy was so wet and beautiful with its neatly trimmed red hair. I slid my tongue between the swollen lips of her pussy, reveling in the sweet taste of her. Her whole body smelled so sweet and sexy. I couldn't get enough of her. I could have stayed between her legs all night. I slid two fingers into her sweet pussy and began to finger fuck her. She moaned loudly and began to rock her hips back and forth in rhythm with my thrusts. I continued to lick her engorged clit excitedly. 

"Oh, oh, mmm, I'm gonna cum!" She cried. Then she began to buck against me and thrash her gorgeous head from side to side. As she came, she filled my mouth with her syrupy sweet girl-cum. I lapped up every drop, savoring her. Finally, after what seemed like quite a while, her body began to relax and her breathing became more even. I sat up and smiled at her. That's when I realized that the shades to the sliding glass doors were wide open. Our bedroom faced the street and several other condos. We hadn't bothered to turn the light out and had inadvertently given the entire complex a really hot free show. There most have been 20 people sitting out on their patios watching us. My face turned bright red and I said, "I guess we are not the only ones that will never forget this trip!"