 The old bedsprings creaked ominously, as Tanya settled her bulk onto Kelly's thin frame. Tanya's hairy pussy and thick thighs blotted out most of the light. The room was already dim, the only light coming from the windows, and it was overcast outside, but then again, it seemed Gloucester was always overcast. Tanya's musk was strong, and Kelly inhaled deeply, enjoying it while she could. 

This was another of their goodbye fucks and Kelly hated them almost as much as she loved them. 

Tanya worked on a fishing boat, the Agatha Mae. It was hard, brutal, nasty work, and kept her at sea for months on end, at times, but it was the most lucrative job the taciturn woman could find. Some still considered it bad luck to have a woman aboard ship, but she was good at what she did. In a few hours, the Agatha Mae would be heading out, and so this would be their last sex for a few months, at the least. Now was the best season for fishing, but also the most dangerous. Unexpected storms were common, and a lot of their time at sea wasn't spent fishing, but in the riding out of storms and in repairs. As a result, the last trip of the season was usually the longest. 

These goodbye marathons were some of the most intense sex they ever shared, and Kelly always felt like Tanya was doing her best to leave every bit of emotional energy she possessed in their small bedroom. Strangely, at least to her mind, they almost never had sex on the day she returned, and the first session after being away was always very soft and tender. She would have expected it to be the other way around.

Tanya's blunt nose and wide tongue on her inner folds caused Kelly to moan. Her outer lips were very thin and the half hour of teasing during dinner already had her wet and aching. 

And the anticipation... These goodbye fucks were like that, she looked forward to them even as she dreaded them. 

She felt the slick wetness from her lover's pussy as it settled onto her face. Pushing her head back, Kelly began to gently lap at the big woman's fleshy pussy, concentrating on the overly large outer lips. They were already slick with her juices and glided under Kelly's soft tongue.

Tanya's arms were curled around Kelly's thin thighs, and her fingers deftly pulled the small girl's pussy open, exposing her clitoral hood to her lover's active tongue. Kelly groaned, but managed to keep her own tongue in contact with Tanya's wet lips. She didn't try to delve deeper, even though she would have liked to. 

Two years together had given their lovemaking a very distinct character. Kelly knew that sex for Tanya was a power trip. The big woman took almost perverse pleasure in bringing her smaller lover to screaming, panting, crying orgasm. Her own orgasm was almost anticlimactic, in comparison. Kelly occasionally managed to get her off, but it always felt like her lover allowed it rather than enjoyed it. It seemed like it was more to assuage her own guilty conscious than because Tanya really wanted it.

The sixty-nine was actually a compromise, but one of those she insisted on. Tanya would prefer to just eat her out, but Kelly had at least to feel she was doing something to please her lover. Part of the unspoken agreement was that she wouldn't do anything that was too distracting and so she contented herself with gentle tonguing of her lover's lips as she felt the tension in her own body build. 

She had never met a woman who knew how to excite her like Tanya. The quiet woman had great technique, but she was also intuitive and she loved what she was doing. That was what made her so adept at wringing orgasms from Kelly's petite body. From her expression to the tenderness in her touch, it was just obvious that she loved what she was doing.

Kelly gasped in delight when Tanya introduced a long finger into her swollen pussy. As the big woman sawed it slowly in and out, Kelly suppressed a giggle. There wasn't anything funny. It just felt so good, and she was so happy, that it was hard not to laugh. 

"Oooh! Right there," she whispered when Tanya's tongue found just the right place and just the right amount of pressure to make her pussy twitch. Tanya instantly zeroed in on the spot and somehow managed to stay right on it as Kelly's slim hips began to buck. 

"Fuck!" the petite redhead groaned as blood rushed to her center and her inner muscles spasmed. She felt a slight tinge in her lower back that she knew was the precursor to orgasm. She started to moan, but it was cut off by a shuddering little gasp as her pussy spasmed in delight and pleasure exploded through her system. She relaxed and allowed herself to enjoy it, gave herself to the waves. Pinned beneath Tanya's bulk, she couldn't do much else, even if she was of a mind to.

The big woman's tongue stayed glued to the spot, sending bolts of pleasure into the euphoric state that Kelly experienced after an orgasm. Two years ago, she had been so unprepared for it. Now she was very experienced and several connected orgasms were an accepted fact of lovemaking. The first time though, Tanya had rocked her world. Kelly knew she would never find another lover who could make her motor run like Tanya did. She felt so lucky, that she sometimes had to pinch herself to believe it.

Kelly chewed her lower lip as another tinge in her lower back caused her to start. Another orgasmic blast ripped through her, leaving her panting and covered in sweat. Tanya gave her pussy a few hard licks more, and then shoved a second finger into the petite girl's tight passage. 

Kelly grunted and tried to get her breathing under control, contending with the extra digit and the heavier sensation of fullness it gave her. 

She closed her eyes tightly and imagined a peaceful garden. Relaxation. That was the key. You had to be able to relax and just go with the flow. 

Tanya's tongue moved closer to her clit, still not touching it, she had learned that Kelly found direct stimulation painful unless she was really aroused. 

The change in location, tempo and pressure sent a wild thrill through the small girl's system, causing her to arch her back and grimace. Even as she relaxed and tried to adjust, Tanya flattened her tongue and pressed harder. That was part of the big woman's secret; she intuitively knew when to adjust in some small way, to keep Kelly from getting used to it. Kelly felt her juices seeping between the cheeks of her ass and down to the comforter beneath them. Another orgasm rippled through her. This one was different, almost like a strong aftershock, but it produced its own aftershocks, which were still rippling though her when a strong contraction in her pussy made her yelp.

It was followed by a particularly strong pulse of pleasure, followed by more pulses, radiating outward from her pussy. Each pulse was a discreet packet of tingling pleasure, but they built upon each other and the residual pleasure from her earlier orgasms. Relax, she told herself. Kelly forced herself to exhale deeply and let the tension in her muscles go. Her hands unclenched, releasing the old comforter and she actually managed a deep breath before Tanya changed gears again.

That incredible tongue began to feather her clit, lashing it from side to side with unbelievably rapid and light strokes. Kelly's whole body went stiff and then she cried out in ecstasy as a monster orgasm ripped through her small frame. The bursts of pleasure assaulted her brain and gnawed at her sanity. She tossed her head from side to side, her hips went wild, but through it all Tanya managed to stay on target and even as she was experiencing one orgasm a second started, causing the small woman to literally howl in pleasure.

Kelly's mind floated away on the waves, going to a place that was all warm and fuzzy. The soporific effect was so strong, this time, that she barely noticed Tanya climb off of her and the bed. She was panting and still making small humming noises in the back of her throat when she felt her lover mount her.

Tanya wasted no time, guiding the bulbous head of her strap-on to Kelly's glistening entrance. Previous lovers had used pretty aggressive dildos, counting on size to drive her wild. Tanya had experimented with several, but found that Kelly responded better to a slimmer, shorter one. The big woman's current favorite was a translucent purple jelly dong, a little over five inches long, but very slim with a fat head like a mushroom cap. It was designed for anal sex, but given Kelly's tiny frame and delicate build, it filled her nicely, without being uncomfortable. It also allowed the big woman to use her strength and put her weight behind it when fucking, without fear of hurting her small partner. 

Kelly gritted her teeth and braced herself. She knew what was coming and while she loved it, she was always just a little scared. Tanya caught the small girl's legs under her heavily muscled arms and rolled her back, pushing her knees to her chest and bowing her back slightly. Her hands ended up grasping the rails of the iron headboard and she spread her stout thighs to give herself more purchase. The bed springs squeaked and so did Kelly, as the cock sliced into her wet tunnel. 

Tanya ground her hips against Kelly's pelvis and started to fuck her. No preamble, no slow buildup, she just started with long, deep, regular strokes, adding a flourish of her hips each time they smacked against Kelly's widely spread thighs. Kelly moaned softly and her small hands gripped her lover's arms. The rhythmic squeaking of the bed springs was accompanied by the liquid sounds of the dildo relentlessly fucking her, the loud slap of flesh on flesh and the constant stream of grunts, groans, coos, and sighs coming from Kelly. 

A minute? An hour? A lifetime? She couldn't say. Time lost all meaning as her world shrank to just her and the big woman bringing her such pleasure. The thin dildo was driving in and out of her now sensitized pussy with such rapidity that she could no longer separate the sensation of being full and being empty. Another twinge in her back gave her warning, but even with that warning, she cried out when it hit. Her muscles suddenly knotted, all of them at once, until she felt as if her skin would be torn off. There was a stark, screaming instant, where pleasure was so exquisite that it was pain. 

"Fuck!" she screamed, as her muscles unknotted and the first of several powerful waves of pure bliss slammed into her. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," Kelly chanted, totally lost on a violent sea of pleasure. More ripples. Another orgasm? Just aftershocks? She couldn't tell. Her ability to separate sensations was going. This disconnected, disjointed feeling was what really scared her with Tanya. At the back of her mind, there was always the irrational fear she really would go insane one of these nights.

In her freshman year at college, before money problems forced her to drop out, she had taken a psych course. She didn't remember much about it, but she did remember vividly a schizophrenic's account of what her disease was like. Kelly thought she understood; when all sensations hit with equal force, when your mind cannot separate and prioritize incoming stimuli so that the hum of the air conditioner is just as important as the words of the teacher. Kelly felt that way now. The steady stream of sensation from her pussy all hit with equal force and all were totally absorbing in their intensity. 

Kelly ceased to exist as a person, becoming a wild, screaming, cursing, mewling slave to the ungodly waves of pleasure. Through it all and the many orgasms that followed before her lover passed out, Tanya's face remained impassive. She could not have shown less emotion if she had been graven in stone.

