 "Fuck, Blake, yes yes yes!" Aurora chanted as she rode up and down on her boyfriend's cock. 

The svelte blonde had her hands on the young man's broad chest, her head thrown back in pleasure and her honey-colored hair cascading down her back as she undulated on his stiff rod. Her modest, perky tits bounced as she moved her hips like a skilled dancer, panting and moaning as his hardness would move inside of her, hitting every tender spot in her sensitive box. 

"Touch my clit, baby," she commanded breathily. "Oh God, I'm so close!" 

Her request was granted as he used his fingers to roughly stroke her hardened nub, his other hand groping her slender waist. She let out a loud moan as she shuddered onto top of him, her pussy's constrictions bringing him to the edge as well. He thrust his hips upwards to get as much of his hardness inside her pulsating box as he grunted his release. Aurora whimpered demurely as she felt his jizz shoot into her, grinding her hips through both their orgasms as the sounds of their labored breathing engulfed her bedroom. 

Her body felt like jelly as she slumped onto his chest, the sound of his panting in her ear as he murmured her name, stroking her already healthy ego. She rolled off him and felt the moist dribble of his cum and her own wetness between her thighs. She felt sated and throughly fucked. It was her favorite feeling. 

"Good boy," she murmured through her post-orgasmic haze, stroking his pec. "That was just what I needed." 

"Fucking hell, woman," Blake sighed. "What got into you today?" 

"Besides you?" she smirked, leaning over and kissing his neck. "Nothing, baby. I just missed you." 

She had missed him, that part she wasn't lying about. Taking over the charter president role in her senior year was taking more out of her personal time than she had initially thought it would. She had wanted nothing more ever since she was a freshman during rush season and now that she had it, it was taking a toll on her. But she could handle it. She was Aurora fucking DiMarco and she could do anything. And anything she wanted, she got. 

What she hadn't expected though, was how sexually frustrated the hazing process would make her. There were fewer things that got her wetter than watching the young, beautiful freshmen complete whatever sexual task she gave them on command. They were like her personal cute, little sex slaves. She should've had her compensation during the "oral skills" round but a shortage of pledges meant that she had to sit that round out. As sexy as it all was, it was the curvy Legacy Pledge that had really spurred her interest. Aurora hated to admit it, but she had been a bit jealous of Marion. 

Her cunt had throbbed like hell as she watched the brown-haired teenager kneel in between her best friend's legs and lap up her pussy like her life depended on it. Lana really was the perfect pledge in every way: she was a legacy, eager to please and one hell of a looker. She knew she shouldn't have, but Aurora had been dying to taste the younger girl's pussy and she hadn't been disappointed. The way Lana had looked at her and quivered around her fingers, her cheeks turning bright red and her innocent looking face wrought with lust had Aurora having to use every ounce of self control to not strip and have the girl eat her out on the spot. 

But she was the president. There were rules she had to uphold and she had to be the leading example. Luckily for her, she had a more than competent replacement in the form of her long-term boyfriend, Blake Everton. 

"I really wish you hadn't taken this stupid president title," Blake complained. "I hardly get to see you anymore." 

"I know," Aurora said. "But I have to do it. Do you know how good it'll look on my resumé? What did you expect me to do? Settle for being Vice?" 

"Second place isn't always so bad," Blake rationalized. 

"Not when you're Aurora DiMarco," she said sternly. She sat up, a naughty smirk on her face. "I've got a folder with photos of all the Pledges. I'm thinking about rating their body parts and sending them their results, just to fuck around with them. Wanna help me?" 

"You're fucking twisted," Blake grinned. "But that's why I love you." 

Their mouths connected and they aggressively devoured each other's lips, both of them fighting for dominance. Aurora felt her nipples harden and she abruptly pulled away; she didn't have time for round two. Getting up off the bed, she slipped on Blake's shirt which was lying on the floor and got her laptop from her desk. Blake had propped himself up against the headboard and covered his crotch with a throw. Aurora settled next to him. She clicked around on her computer before she found what she was looking for. She opened an Excel spreadsheet that had the pledges names already entered in then opened the folder with the images. 

"Ok, Tori Achterkamp," Aurora read out the first name as she opened the photos she had stored. 

It had taken her hours to wade through their social media pages to find photos she could really use. And of course, she had the advantage of having seen them naked live. 

"She's cute, I guess," Blake said nonchalantly. "A seven for her legs, but tits could be better. I'd say five for those." 

"I agree," Aurora nodded, as she punched in the numbers. 

They carried on rating the freshmen, Blake always underscoring them just in case he rubbed his girlfriend the wrong way. He'd learnt from three years of dating that getting on Aurora's wrong side was a mistake that was best avoided. She opened a new photo.

"Lana Murphy," she said, the infliction in her voice changing ever so slightly. "What do you think of her, Blake?" 

Blake took in the photo of the smiling brunette. It looked like a holiday photo, and she was standing on the beach holding a volleyball. Even though she was in the sun, her skin was milky white, but in a healthy, attractive sort of way. She had on a high-cut one piece bathing suit that accentuated her long legs and healthy hips, her breasts standing to attention in the nylon suit. She was definitely the best looking girl Aurora had shown him so far and he was glad that his cock was covered so his girlfriend couldn't notice the blood that was rushing there. 

"Well, Blakey?" Aurora said again. 

"I don't know, like a six, I guess. Show me her face so I can make a better judgment." 

Aurora complied and swiped to the next picture of Lana. This one was a modest profile. It was a high school graduation photo, and she was beaming, her blue-green eyes shimmering and her dark brown hair straight, unlike the first picture. That's when Blake's memory clicked. 

"Shit, I've seen that girl!" he said, almost too enthusiastically. 

"Really?" Aurora raised her eyebrow. 

"Yeah, I'm positive!" Blake said confidently. 

"Last Friday, at the Alpha party. She was with that black girl you showed me just now. I remember them cause Colton wouldn't shut up about trying to get her friend. I thought Luca might've told you." 

"Luca?" Aurora inquired. "What does Luca have to do with this?" 

"Jeez, Rory, I don't mean to be that guy," Blake said awkwardly, feeling like he was betraying some unspoken bro-code as he continued talking. "But Luca hooked up with that girl."

"What do you mean 'hooked up'," Aurora said, trying to keep calm even though she was anything but. 

"I mean they fucked," Blake shrugged. "They were all touchy-feely in the kitchen for a while then he took her up to his bedroom and they left half an hour later. You can ask Luca himself but don't say you heard it from me." 

Aurora snapped her laptop shut, which made Blake jump a bit. 

"I'm sorry I even said anything," he said, raising his hands. "It's really not that big a deal." 

"She thinks she can use my brother to get in, does she?" Aurora's voice was ominous. 

"I really don't think that's it," Blake rolled his eyes. "I think it's just horny freshmen doing what horny freshmen do." 

Aurora wanted to believe Blake and take this new information for what it was, but something irked her to no end. Her little brother was one of her best friends but also one of her biggest competitors. They shared a four year age gape and since they'd been old enough, they challenged each other for everything; their parents' attention, marks at school, extracurricular achievements. The last thing she thought they'd ever fight over was a sexual conquest. 

"What are you doing?" Blake asked as he watched Aurora lean over and pull out a black burner phone from her bedside table. 

She began furiously typing, her thumbs darting over the buttons. 

"I'm summoning my pledges," she replied to her boyfriend but didn't take her eyes off the phone. "I think it's about time for stage three and I've got a lot of fun planned." 

~~~~~ 

This time Lana showed up to the Sigma house with Freddie at her side and she should have been less nervous, but she felt the worst than she ever had. Freddie had spent the whole week making fun of her for hooking up with their president's little brother but Lana was didn't have it in her to laugh. The past few days had been torture for her. She would scroll her contacts and hover above Luca's number, willing herself to delete him but she knew all she wanted to do was call him. 

She wondered if she should fess up to Aurora about what happened and explain that she didn't even know she had a brother! She'd gone back on Aurora's Facebook to see how she had missed such a big part of her life when as she clicked through the pictures, she realized that it wasn't entirely her fault. It seemed the siblings hadn't hung out in a while and the last pictures they had together, Luca had shaggy hair and looked at least ten pounds heavier. He still looked cute, but in an innocent high schooler kind of way. He looked nothing like the strapping young man who oozed sex appeal that she had had in between her legs. He'd changed so much, it hadn't even registered in Lana's mind that it could be the same guy. 

"You really should've taken that Xanax I offered," Freddie said as she took in Lana's anxious demeanor.

Lana ignored her and pressed on the doorbell. They waited a few beats and Esther ushered them in. They were about to walk to their usual spot, the lounge, when Esther stopped them. 

"Not tonight, pledges," she said. "Follow me."

Freddie and Lana glanced at each other as they followed Esther out the foyer and down the hall until they reached a pink door. She opened it and when they entered, walking down a narrow flight of stairs, Lana realized that they were in the charter room, probably the most sacred place in any Greek house. She did a quick head count and saw that her and Freddie were the last pledges to arrive but they weren't late so it was fine. Esther shut the door behind them. 

The room was a converted basement, with framed photos of past members adorning the walls. The sisters were all dressed in fashionably high stilettos with their hair in slick ponytails. They all looked great but as per usual, Aurora looked the best. Lana wasn't sure if it was her conscious playing games with her, but she felt as though Aurora's blue gaze was boring into her more than usual and her cheeks blushed. Luckily, she didn't have the time to feel self-conscious because Aurora had already started talking. 

"Ok, pledges," she began. Her voice was stern but Lana didn't miss the hint of mischief, as if she knew something no-one else did. "As you can clearly tell, tonight you've finally graduated to the charter room. This is a vault of tradition and secrets that make up Sigma history. To test your allegiance, we need to measure your trust and obedience." 

"Pledges, take off your clothes," Marion commanded. 

Everyone knew by now not to argue and Lana began stripping. She unbuttoned her shirt and pulled her jeans and panties over her hips before slipping off her sneakers. She was glad that she had taken the time to groom her body and could immediately feel the familiar tingling in between her legs as the cool air in the room hardened her pink nipples. 

"Turn around, hands on the wall," Aurora said authoritatively. "And spread those legs." 

Lana moved to the wall and placed her palms against the pale pink surface, her heart thumping. She tried to catch a glimpse of Freddie to see if she was nervous as well but her friend was steadfastly adhering to the rules, her dark eyes focussed on the wall in front of her. Lana followed suit, trying to remain calm. That's when she felt a body behind her and a soft hand run along her waist and cup her perky left breast. Her breath hitched and her pussy involuntarily throbbed but she didn't move. The hand on her breast kneaded the softness gently as she felt another one caress her ass before giving her round plump bum a sharp slap. She let out a soft gasp, the stinging sensation causing her to have to control her breathing. 

"You've got a nice ass on you, Legacy," came a voice she recognized as Marion's. "You're a gym bunny?" 

"No, Sister Boullard," Lana replied. "I just play volleyball, that's all." 

"You should invite me to watch you sometime," Marion whispered in her ear before squeezing her ass again. 

Lana wasn't sure whether she was meant to reply or not but it didn't matter because she suddenly felt Marion's hand slither down her body and cup her bare womanhood. Her eyes shot open but she didn't say a word. She felt Marion's fingers separate her pussy lips and they slowly and methodically rubbed the length of the young girl's slit, causing her to restrain a whimper. The redhead's fingers found Lana's clit and she continued rubbing her gently, her other hand tweaking the teenager's taunt nipples as her lips connected with the sensitive spot on Lana's neck. 

Lana didn't know what the hell was going on and what game they were playing, but she would be lying if she said she wasn't enjoying every second of it. She could see from her peripheral that the pledge next to her was also getting felt up by the sister except she was doing a much worse job of controlling her voice. Not for the first time, Lana was being turned on not only by Marion's ministrations in her pussy, but by the reality of what was happening. Watching other girls and the possibility of being watched was making her throb and she knew that she was probably getting moist down there. 

The feeling of Marion's fully clothed body against her naked back and the way the older girl was using her hands and mouth was driving Lana crazy. Marion's fingers raked over Lana's now engorged clit in a faster motion and she sucked at her neck, her hand alternating between the freshman's full breasts. Despite herself, Lana ground her ass against Marion's crotch, riding her hand and wanting more than just to be rubbed. 

She was getting unbelievably wet, Marion's fingers now sliding effortlessly over her nether regions and the growing need to be penetrated consumed her. As if she'd read her mind, Marion slipped a single digit in Lana's tight, channel and the girl whimpered her pleasure. Marion thrust in and out a few times and Lana began to pant, feeling like just a bit more pressure would bring her the sensation she wanted, when Marion promptly pulled out. 

"Looks like mine is ready," Marion said proudly. 

"Mine too," Lana heard the cocky laugh of another sister. 

"Then it's about time this party finally started." That was Aurora. 

Lana wanted to turn around and see what was going on, but she didn't get the chance as she felt soft material slip over her forehead and cover her eyes. Before she could even protest, she felt Marion tie what must have been a silk scarf around her eyes, blindfolding her. As soon as the darkness engulfed her, she felt her heart rate quicken. She nervously licked her lips, mentally preparing herself for whatever was to come. 

"Ok, girls," Aurora said. "We're going to do a little obedience exercise. Just in case anyone forgot who's in charge, we're going to refresh your memories." 

Lana gulped as she wondered what Aurora could possible mean by that. All she knew is that Marion's touch had gotten her so close to the edge and she could feel the pain of sexual frustration getting to her. Her pussy needed to be touched and stimulated but there was nothing she could about it. She was beyond thankful when she felt the heat of Marion's body return to her, as the older girl gently caressed the curve of Lana's peachy ass from the small of her back to her moisten slit. She expected, or rather hoped, that Marion would finger her again but to completion this time, but as she felt her pussy lips open, it wasn't a finger that was stretching her. Lana tensed. 

"Relax, Legacy," Marion said, her voice stern in Lana's ear. "Unless you want to stop and walk the hell out of here. Is that what you want?" 

"No, Sister Boullard," Lana replied. "But-" 

"But nothing. Be a good girl like I know you are," Marion requested.

Lana didn't have a time to even register what Marion had said when she felt something smooth slowly slip into her tight crevice. Lana's full lips parted and a gasp escaped her mouth as she felt herself get stretched and filled up by the foreign object. It felt like her silicone vibrator but smaller, almost egg-shaped. 

"I don't want anyone moving from their positions. Hands remain flat against the wall," Aurora instructed. "And most importantly, no cumming until you're told you can. You fail to abide by these rules, your ass will pay the price. And I do mean that literally." 

"Are you ready, Legacy?" Marion asked. 

Even though Lana was blindfolded, she could just imagine the smirk on Marion's face. The girl was one sadistic little bitch. Lana didn't even bother to answer as she braced herself. Whatever she had thought was in store, whatever she had thought would happen, did not even meet the sensation that coursed through her body. 

The love egg whirred to life inside of her and Lana's lips formed an O in surprise. The vibration was gentle but effective as she felt like every inch of her pussy was alight. The vibrations were hitting nerve-endings she didn't even know she had she moaned her satisfaction. Her clit felt like it was getting harder and she felt her breath shorten as the 3-inch egg whizzed inside her tight snatch. 

"Ohhh my god," Lana breathed as she felt the vibration grow stronger. 

Her arms hurt like hell as she used them to hold up her weight, her legs feeling like Jell-O as her pussy walls throbbed. All she wanted, all she needed was to be able to rub her straining clit and she knew she'd come undone. She let out a strangled whine as another wave of electricity washed over her whole body and her knees buckled and she knew that she would cum at any second. Blindfolded, all she could concentrate on was the buzzing in her pulsating hole and it was driving her mad. Just when she thought she'd lose it, the egg stilled inside her and she let out a moan of complaint. 

"Didn't think I'd let you come without my permission, did you?" Marion said. 

Lana shook her head. That's when she realized that whatever Marion had slipped into her pussy, she must have been controlling with a remote. The same could be said for the other pledges as Lana could hear the distinct sounds of panting and whimpering accompanied by the faint buzzing of those torturous vibrating eggs. She was gathering her thoughts when Marion pressed the on button again and the machine came to life in the younger girl's clenched cunt. 

"Ahhhh, fuuuck," Lana whimpered, her hands clenching into fists but not leaving the wall. 

She squeezed her legs together to try and sate her itch but it only made it worse. With her thighs together, her walls clamped around the egg and made it feel bigger than it really was. Every part of her felt sensitive and just when she was about give up and let her orgasm take her, the buzzing stopped. Lana felt like she wanted to cry but she was also more turned on than she had ever been in her life; the feelings were weirdly conflicting. 
