 Everyone is hard at work today, and we had better be. Our boss, Miss Jones doesn't play any games. She's a bitch, and no one likes her. Miss Jones is Hell on High Heels, which is one of the many nicknames I've given her in my own head. I don't understand how someone so pretty can be so bitchy at the same time. I guess I should've taken the advice from my brother when he told me to befriend average looking chicks. 

"Pretty girls treat you like shit," He'd say, "They're stuck up."

It was very strange though. Out of everyone, Miss Jones treats me the worsest. Maybe it was because I reminded her of someone she didn't like. Maybe it was because I'm short. Who knows? I don't know what that chicks problem is. 

Miss Jones walks into the room where there are six cubicles. Today she is wearing an Olive Green business jacket with a white shirt underneath, a long black skirt, and black high heels. I've never seen anyone walk in high heels as gracefully and fast as she. Her perfume is just as pretty as she is. Her skin is dark beige, she's tall, and her curly hair is always in an updo. I don't know how long her hair is, for that very reason. She has hazel eyes with a Green tint underneath. Very sexy eyes. Oh God, why is she here?

"Did you print what I told you to print for me already?" She asks, crossing her arms. 

"I was trying to for the past five minutes now."

I was so nervous in front of her. I knew she was going to say something mean. 

"Well maybe if you knew there was no paper in the printer to begin with, you would have printed those papers for me already."

Surprised, I looked up at the printer and in clear black words it read: INSERT PAPER. I was no nervous and fidgety that I failed to really pay attention. 

"Your performance has been very slow lately, and I don't appreciate it. I'd like to see you in my office after work today. Pronto!" With that, she walked away. 

"Get busy!" She yelled at the other workers. One of the Puerto Rican girls, Suzanne, mumbled "bitch" at her, rolled her eyes, and went on typing. I was red in the face I was so embarrassed. We all hear the door slam as the cool breeze whisks about. 

"Why does she have to be so damn mean?" My best friend, Tonya asked us. 

"I don't know," Suzanne answered, whisking her red curly hair away from her face, "But she needs to check her attitude. Thank God she hasn't said anything to me yet."

"I feel so stupid," I said, "I didn't even notice I needed some damn paper. She was making me so nervous."

"Here," Tonya said, giving me some paper, "Take that."

"Thanks."

"Are we still doing dinner at Leona's today?" She asked. 

"For sure," I inserted the paper in, and opened the file that Miss Jones wanted me to print for her, "She wants me in her office. I have a feeling I'm getting fired."

"You won't get fired. Miss Terror needs you, and she knows it. You're one of the hardest workers in this law firm."

I smile, "Thanks."

After work as everyone left, I headed to Miss Jones office. Her door is always closed. The magnet bar MISS JONES is on her door. I knock. 

"Come in," She said. 

I open the door, and there she is, popping a tic tac in her mouth. She looks at me very seriously, "Sit down," She says dryly. 

I sit down. I notice that she has degrees and certificates all over her walls. She graduated from Harvard. No wonder she's stuck up. There are pictures of her shaking hands with big name scholars in the country, even Maya Angelou. Then there are pictures of her family. On her desk is a black and white picture of her. She looks like a beautiful teenager in that one, with that big eighties hair all over the place. My hands are sweaty, and my heart is beating so fast. I may as well pack all of my things up. I just know that I'm getting fired. 

"Am I getting fired?" I ask. 

She cocks her head to the side, "You haven't gave me a chance to speak yet."

"Oh, sorry."

She laughs. It surprises me. I have never heard her laugh before, and it's almost scary. 

"You are one of the hardest working secretaries Jones and Bernstein has ever employed. I'm very pleased with your performance, although you've been working a little slow recently. What is that about?"

I gulp, "Well, can I be honest?"

"Honesty is a virtue", She smiles. 

"It's because of you Miss Jones-"

"Lisa," She answers, "Let's operate on a first name basis as long as it's just you and I talking."

"Okay, Lisa. Truth is, you make me so nervous. All you do is yell, and it scares me when people yell at me. It bothers my performance."

"Well I'm sorry for yelling. Can I be honest?"

"Honesty is a virtue," I repeat what she said earlier. 

"How can I say this? I'm not going to waste your time, so I'll just cut it short. I've always liked you since day one, when I interviewed you for this position. I thought you were very cute."

Oh my god. What is she really saying? Miss Jones, well Lisa a lesbian? It's so hard to believe. It's very shocking. 

"I don't act out on my feelings, so I always keep it professional. I treat you as I would anyone else."

"But you've treated me worser."

"Because I like you," She answered, "I wanted you to notice."

"...when you say you like me, does that mean you like me as a person, or more than that?"

She shrugs and gives me a mischievous grin, "I'd say a potential. It's definitely more than you think. What are you doing after today?"

"I'm having dinner with a friend."

"Don't tell anyone what I told you. Some things have to be skeletons in the closet."

"Oh no, I wouldn't tell anyone."

"Tomorrow night, why don't you come over my place?"

"Um, your place?"

"My place. Eight PM. Stop by." She writes her address and number on a post-it and gives it to me. 

"Calling me first would be the ice-breaker," She says before getting up. Her heels make her taller than what she is, but because I'm so short, she towers over me. 

"I will call you," I say. 

"Good," She kisses me on the cheek. I blush, and leave. My pussy throbbed as soon as she kissed me. I don't like women, and I've never been with one. I've never even imagined being with one in my wildest dreams, but that encounter was just-something else. 

At dinner, Tonya keeps asking me why I'm smiling. I tell her I'm just glad I'm off my period, even though I came off a week ago. She knows that. She just nods her head slowly like she doesn't believe me, yet doesn't question me any further about my odd behavior. Usually after work, I'm very fatigued and irritated by Miss Jones, or Lisa. This time, I was feeling pretty mellow. The thought of giving her a call made me so wet, and excited. I took a shower first, and got into bed. I always liked to get ready and prepared before calling a crush. It's weird, but that's me. I gave her a call and she answered on the third ring. 

"Hello," She said in a sexy deep voice. 

"Hi Miss Jones, I mean Lisa."

She laughed, "Hi, how are you?"

"I'm good, I just got home not too long ago."

"Did you?"

"Yeah. What are you doing?"

Oh god. That sounded so basic coming from me. 

"Well right now I'm in my hot tub relaxing."

"You have a hot tub?" I ask. 

"Yeah. I like to come in and relax on long days like this."

"That sounds real nice. I just get into my bed and sleep."

"That's what I'm going to do afterward. So, have you thought about what I told you?"

"Yeah," I took a deep breath, "I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow."

"Good. I have a surprise for you."

"What is it?"

"It wouldn't be a surprise if I told you, now would it?"

"No, you're right. You always make me feel so embarrassed."

"I really didn't mean it, I'm just a very honest person."

We talk for about thirty minutes before she tells me she's getting out the hot tub. The last thing she says to me is, "see you tomorrow" and "good evening", before hanging up the phone. She hung up first. Now I can't sleep. God I feel sixteen years old again, even though I'm twenty-nine. Feels so strange. But my god, this is a woman! Why am I feeling so giddy over a woman? She has the same thing I have. I mean, it's not right. But I mean, I do find her very attractive, and my heart would always beat fast whenever I saw her. Does that mean anything? Nah. But, what if it does?

The next day comes, and I'm totally on my A game. Everyone is surprised. Lisa steps into the office. Today she is wearing a red cashmere sweater, leggy black pants, and black boots. She looks so sharp! Her hair is in a high bun. 

"Suzanne, the deadline to type the Mann vs. Wilkinson case is today, do you have it?"

Suzanne smiled and gave her the case. Lisa scanned it, and flipped through the pages. 

"Very good," She said as if she were an English teacher. She walks toward me and asks how I'm doing. 

"Oh, everything is going great!" I exclaim. 

"Good," She says, "See ya later", She whispers, before walking away. Though she walked away, the smell of her perfume stays in the area. It's so good and hypnotizing. 

At lunch, Tonya is telling me about a guy she is going out on a date with. I hear her, yet her words are far from me. My thoughts are somewhere else. I can't wait until tonight. 

"Hey, why are you glowing?" She asks, "Did you meet someone special and not tell me?"

"No it's not that, I'm just glad today is Friday."

She lifts her eyebrows, "Fridays are like Mondays in your world. What's REALLY going on?"

"Nothing, I'm telling you."

"I'm going to find out," She teases. 

After work, I head straight to my house, and shower. I put on black leather pants, a bulky blue sweater, and sandals. I rarely dress like this, but it was time to fit into those jeans that Tonya bought me for my birthday months ago. 

"My god," I say as I look at the post-it with Lisa's address, "I'm actually going to see my boss. What could happen?"

Maybe it's nothing. It'll probably just be dinner or something. But seriously, what woman invites another woman over her house for dinner if it's all solo? I took a deep breath, took my purse, and locked my door as I left. My cab was downstairs. The driver was a gruffy guy, and appeared tall the way he sat up so straight. 

"Where ya goin' honey?" He asked as I got in the car. 

I told him the address, and he said he knew where that was at. Unlike most cab drivers who talk your ear off, he wasn't so talkative. He just asked if I were comfortable back there, and asked who I was going to meet as pretty as I looked. 

"I'm going to see my parents," I said. 

"Wow, your parents live in a great neighborhood then." Lisa lived in Manhattan, where there were many condo's and penthouses. I've never been inside a penthouse in my entire life. I paid the fare and walked inside. It was quiet and warm inside. It was written on the post-it that she lived on the twenty-third floor. The lady at the desk smiled and asked if I needed help with anything, and I told her no. I walked to the elevator, and when it opened, a lady in a mink coat came out and kindly said hello to me. I pressed the number 23, and the doors closed slowly. I felt a light sweat on my forehead and wiped it away. I was so nervous, yet so horny at the same time. 

The doors open, and I'm on floor 23. I look at the post-it again, and I walk to her apartment. Oh my god, my god I'm actually doing this. I'm going to her door. Soon I walk in front of the large white door with the gold knob, and I ring the doorbell. 

"Who is it?" She asks from the other side. 

"It's Melanie," I answer. 

The door unlocks, and opens. She's standing in front of me wearing a pink, silk bathrobe, and my God her hair is let down. She looks so different with her long curly hair flowing down, compared to those updos she sports all the time. 

She smiles, "Come in."

I enter her house, and she closes the door, before locking it. Her place looked so sharp! It was large, and she had paintings hung up, statues and figurines in various places, and beautiful furniture. It felt like I was standing in a palace. 

"Welcome to my Chateau," She says, "At least that's what I call it. Would you like a drink?"

"Two please."

"Huh?"

"Oh, sorry!" I smack my head, "I'll just have water." I really needed something stronger, but I didn't want her to think I was a drunk. Once I drink something hard, I would need another one. She goes to her kitchen and got me water, in a tall, dark green glass. 

"Thank you."

"You're welcome. I'll be right back."

"Okay." It smells very pretty in here. I notice she burned incense. The smells of coconut and passionfruit fill the house. This is the kind of place where you enter, and constantly feel at home. She comes out a while later and her hair is more dry this time. She's still wearing that robe. I could tell she's not wearing anything underneath. Lisa looks so beautiful! I can see the outline of her curves. My pussy can't stop throbbing, and my heart is beating so fast I wonder if she can hear it. She sits down next to me. Oh god that smell! She smells so good. 

"Are you okay?" She asks. 

"Yes", I drink some water, and put the glass down. I can see her staring at me from the corner of my eyes, and my head is down. I'm just fidgeting with my hands. I'm scared to look into those beautiful hazel eyes with the sexy green undertint. 

"Can you look into my eyes?" She asks. I face her. She leans in to kiss me, and I don't hesitate. I like that she makes the first move. She kisses me again, slowly, and slowly each time, like she is enjoying the moment. I get kissed on my nose, my cheeks, my ears, my forehead, and my lips. I was so engrossed in the kiss, that I didn't realize her hands were on my waist. It was a soft touch. She takes my hands and puts a finger inside of her mouth, and sucks it. I've never had my fingers sucked before. 

"Come on," She takes my hand and leads me to her bedroom, which is just as immaculate as the rest of the house. There's a canopy king sized bed in the middle. She turns down the covers. There's thread count sheets, one lavender, the other one pink, satin purple pillows with gold imprints, and a large, luxurious purple blanket, with the same gold imprinting. 

"May I?" She says, putting her hands on my waist. 

"Yes."

She takes off my sweater, lifting it over my arms, and unsnaps the black bra I am wearing. I sit down on her bed, as she takes off my leather pants. I am now naked in front of her. I'm too comfortable to hide myself. 

"Nice tits," She cups them, gently squeezing them before taking them in her mouth. She rubbed my pussy as she did so.

"Climb in," She tells me. I get in her bed, and it's so comfortable. My god, her sheets smell the same way she does! Just amazingly beautiful. She slowly takes off her light pink robe, and a beautiful body is revealed. I'm talking curves, C cup breasts, and a bare pussy. There's no doubt that this girl works out. She looks great to be her age, even though she's a little older than me. The purple blanket is on me, and she climbs on the bed, and takes the blanket off of me. She doesn't get on top of me at that moment, but she leans down to kiss me, and I put my arms around her neck, responding to her deep kisses. My tongue is inside of her mouth, and she sucks it. 

It feels so good. My pussy is throbbing, and I don't even care if she can hear my heart beat as fast as it does. Hers does too. Lisa puts her hand on my pussy, and chuckles. 

"Somebody's wet," She teases. I open my wegs wider, and she goes down on me. My toes curl, and I dig my nails into the sheets, clawing them. 

"Ugh," I moan. My eyes are closed, enjoying the moment. I never thought I would have sex with a woman. Not in a million years. Yet, here I am, getting ate out by one. Not just any woman, but an older woman. Not just an older woman. But my boss. My rich and successful boss. She knows what she's doing. They say that there's no one that can give a woman head like another woman. This felt great. 

"Do you like when I tongue you?" She asks. 

"Oh yes!"

She slips a finger inside, before sucking my clit. I can feel my juices pour down, and she sucks me clean. She wiggles her face on my pussy, and I hunch my leg up, and curl my toes. 

"God," I whisper. I'm breathing very hard as I cum on her tongue. Before she comes back up, she licks the outside of my V, and kisses my stomach, my breasts, my neck, before kissing me again. 

"You taste so good," She says inbetween kisses. We tongue wrestle for a while, before kissing again. 

Lisa rises up, and tells me to relax. I do. I put my hand on her pussy, and feel how wet she is. 

"Make love to me," She whispers, before getting on top of me. 

"Okay," I whisper back, we kiss. Her pussy is on top of mine, and she moves slowly. This feels great. I have never had sex with a woman before, and never thought it would come to this. There was her wet pussy, on top of mine, rubbing against mine. It was the greatest feeling ever. All I could hear was her headboard gently hit the wall because of the pace the two of us were going. 

"Yeah," She exclaims, "Tell me how you want it."

"Fuck me."

She rises up, puts my leg over her shoulder, and fucks me with her pussy. I move my hips, and gives her what she wants. I was giving myself to her, yet taking what she has. The pace is faster, and my eyes roll in the back of my head. Now, the headboard is really hitting the wall. I feel an orgasm building inside of me. 

"Yes," I moan, "Cum, cum Lisa. Please fuck me Lisa!" I want to cry it feels so amazing. 

She bites her lip, and moves faster. It feels like electricity is moving throughout my entire body, and out of it. I can't think, or even speak. Hold back I do not, but I welcome this exciting feeling. All I can do is scream, shiver, squeeze the bed sheets, and shake. She cums on top of me, pats her pussy, and squirts. It's so warm. 

She chuckles, before lying on top of me, and we kiss. I don't know how long we kiss. It feels like an eternity. She's a great kisser, and tastes so sweet. I finally catch my breath. We're both sweating. 

"That was my first time with a woman," I confess.

Lisa's playing with the necklace I'm wearing, "I'm glad I was your first."

"So, this is what you meant when you said you liked me?"

She kissed me on the lips, "Not just a physical attraction."

We laugh. 

"So, where's my surprise?"

"I almost forgot," She said. She got up and opened the french doors to her closet, taking out a white box with a red bow. I wonder what it could be. She hands it to me. It's a Victoria's Secret box. I open it. 

It's a beautiful, silk Green negligee. 

"I heard you telling someone in the office that Green was your color."

I kissed her, "Thank you." 

I wrap the negligee up neatly before putting it in the box, and Lisa says, "The hell with this thing," and tosses the box on the chair next to the bed. 

"Let's sleep like this." We cuddle and go to sleep. That was the best sleep I've had in a long time. People saw big changes in that office the following Monday. There was less yelling, less tensions, and a big work improvement. You, the reader and I know why ;)