 Christina Wilson switched off her computer and gave her large desk one last tidy before reaching for her briefcase. The petite, blonde, 25 year old lawyer allowed herself a self satisfied smirk as she considered her first month with the Firm, much better than her previous job. She pulled on her long, expensive coat and turned off her light before clicking her heels down the long corridor towards the elevator. The noise of her heels echoed in the building, most of the other workers had gone home but Christina liked working late and besides with no boyfriend what did she have to hurry home for? She got in her sports car and sped off from the underground car park, racing into the harsh lights of the city at night.

At a whim she took the long route back to her home and cruised right past the emerging ladies of the night, the line up of streetwalking whores on Dock Street. Christina watched the poor, deluded, desperate women touting their bodies and felt not an ounce of sympathy for them. Fuck them, if they weren't strong enough to survive and get on in life then that is what became of you. Smirking, the blonde pulled up at a red light and was allowed the perfect view of a girl touting for business right at the corner in front of her. She obviously had a pretty decent body, maybe only a few years older than Christina and dressed like a real slut in fishnets, a bra top, heels and a tiny skirt. But only when the lights turned and Christina passed her did she recognize the girl.

She almost did a comic double take and only barely avoided stalling her high powered vehicle.

"My god! That's Britney! Britney Blake!"

She spoke the exclamation out loud to herself and carried on driving slowly down the street almost on auto pilot as her mind raced.

Britney Blake! She and Christina had been such rivals. They had been in the same year at Law School and developed a rivalry early that had quickly become both personal and intense. Both blondes were extremely ambitious and desperate to get on in their lives and careers. The fact both girls were young, sexy and blonde might have drawn them together but rather it made them wary of the other as if the classes and profession would not be big enough to accommodate both. Of course, their backgrounds did not help. While Christina's parents were fairly well off and happily married, Britney was the product of a broken home and her academic abilities alone had propelled her from 'trailer park trash' (as Christina liked to describe her) to high academia. They seemed always to be in competition and it was alarming even, when one got a major achievement the other usually topped it within weeks, and in fact it seemed to drive both on to excellence. 

Both had started their legal careers around the same time and while their paths took them to different firms they still crossed swords a few more times in cases until suddenly Britney had dropped completely off the scene. With her new job Christina had not really cared, after all she had grown and had bigger fish to fry than Britney. Greater challenges to overcome but she did hear some rumours. Britney, it seemed, had fallen in with a unsavoury guy and, against better judgement, moved in with him. Apparently (according to one of Christina's gossip hungry friends), Britney had started messing up at work, turning up late, drinking and the final straw had been the discovery of her in possession of hash in the office and she had been, very discretely, fired. 

That had been the last Christina had heard of her rival until this amazing discovery. The young lawyer circled the block in her car as a kinky idea surfaced in her mind and the sensible side tried (but failed) to suppress it. 

Wouldn't it be too sweet, too delicious, too ironic, if Christina was to pick Britney up and hire her services? The possibilities to humiliate the one girl that had bugged her for so long and so gotten under her skin, reduced to whoring her (admittedly sexy) body out and to her enemy. Delicious! And Christina was so impetuous and impulsive that she would do such a thing, completely ignoring the inherent risks of someone like her stopping in the red light district. She made the circuit then slowly cruised back up to the junction, stopping directly across from the girl which Christina was one hundred percent certain was Britney Blake.

Christina bit her lip as she watched the prostitute stroll sexily towards her, eventually her top half disappearing while Christina concentrated on the trashy fish net stockings and even trashier white stilettos. Then suddenly Britney's face was at the rolled down window, most of her cleavage showing her fulsome, buxom, young breasts. Her voice filled the car, interrupted by chews on her stale chewing gum.

"You looking for business, honey?"

That sealed it. Christina would recognise that cheap, trailer park trash, Southern accent anywhere - no doubt it was Britney Blake. Christina could hardly hide the glee in her voice, apparently her old college rival had not recognised her. Maybe no surprise when you considered the spaced out look on her face.

"Yeah, hop in babe. I'll give you $500 dollars to come back to my place and have some fun with me."

There was no hesitation. Christina hadn't quite known what type of money to offer or exactly what to say so had settled for that and apparently it had been enough. Britney just nodded and opened the door and got in beside the young lawyer. The two girls turned to look into each others eyes, Christina's pristine eyes taking in the somewhat faded looks of her young rival and the ever present chewing of gum. Britney just looked at her and wondered why her client wasn't driving straight off. Her hand shaking slightly, Christina slid the gear shift into place and the sports car headed off into the night and whatever it held for them both.

Christina's house was a in a fairly affluent area of town. The house itself could easily be described as luxurious and she could scarce afford it even on her lawyers wages, however, her Daddy had kicked in with a healthy deposit that meant the banks were that bit easier about such a young girl having such a huge mortgage. She slid the car easily into the built in garage and indicated for her paid for whore (she had dug the cash from he purse at a stop light a mile from her home and handed it over to Britney) to get out as she exited the car herself. The prostitute still gave no indication at all of recognising her client and followed in an uneasy silence as Christina led her up from the garage and into the modern, well furnished house. She headed straight to her large bedroom, not really wanting to sully her living room with the things she was probably about to do. 

All the time Christina had been driving back, and then the time she had been walking in silence she had been thinking about what she really wanted to do. Had she already achieved it? She had wanted to see that the girl she had been so competitive in college had sunk to this depth and had seen it up close. But she had spent $500 for the privilege and only really now did she consider that she had paid for the girls services (sexual or otherwise, she supposed) and it struck her frugal mind that having paid that kind of money she really ought to get full value for it or at least enjoy herself tonight. Besides which, she could feel her pussy was wet and she had always been curious when friends had discussed lesbians or being with a woman. She closed the bedroom door behind Britney and turned to face her.

As the door clicked shut, suddenly Christina was overcome with a wave of doubt. Her eyes met those of her former rival and for the briefest moment she was sure that this had been a terrible mistake, that she would regret this impulse but it quickly passed, she was after all a supremely confident, successful young lawyer and like many of that ilk and age thought herself indestructible. Asserting herself again, she gave a wicked smile, strode purposefully up to her $500 worth of night entertainment and used her sharpest tone to address Britney. As she spoke she felt a sudden surge of adrenaline course through her body, there were no concerns now, just the addictive mixture of power and sexuality.

"Right, let's get started. I'm paying over the odds for you anyway, aren't I? I bet I could have bought you for nearer $100, or maybe even less. Yes, that's it, we'll start with you telling me exactly what a cheap whore you really are. Tell me exactly how cheap, ten dollar maybe?!"

That set the tone, and any doubts Christina may have harboured were long gone now. She was loud and proud, and most definitely in complete control.

And Britney, it soon became apparent, had learned very quickly that when you were in the prostitution game you gave the client exactly what they wanted. She looked away, seemingly unable to maintain her initially challenging eye contact and spoke.

"I'm a ten dollar whore."

It was music to Christina's ears.

"Yes you are, and I always knew you were – even in college. Now let's really get going, why don't you remove all that slutty clothing

And if Christina was swiftly reverting to type so to was Britney. She nodded in acquiescence to her instructions and with barely a break of her stride she began to disrobe. Very quickly it became apparent to Christina that although the intervening months of decay and decline in lifestyle had taken a mental toll on her contemporary it had had little, if any, adverse affect on her physical condition. When the cheap, white, lacy top was simply discarded it was clear that she had retained her ample, curvy, breasts (actually it was bigger than what Christina remembered, not so fondly, from their college days). Perhaps also recalling Christina's jealousy from before or maybe just because she had such a flat chest in comparison, Britney took her time to cup her boobs and hold them out towards her, almost mockingly. All she got in return was an impatient point from Christina's fingers, the direction and movement very definitely indicating that she wanted the rest off quick smart! Britney had no problems with that and within seconds she had cast off her shockingly small mini skirt and stockings and literally peeled off her black panties, leaving her stark naked as Christina had instructed.

Christina was intrigued to discover that Britney's pussy was shaved completely bald, while she was by no means hirsute herself it was quite an unusual feeling for her to be standing just feet from another woman's smooth pussy. She wanted to touch it but for the moment resisted the urge. She had, rather, thought of something else she wanted to do. From her handbag on her dresser she produced her purse and peeled off one more note, a $10 by coincidence and before casting it to the floor between herself and her whore she crumpled I slightly. Then, with a self satisfied smirk, she addressed Britney.

"Let's have a little more warm up fun. Well fun for me that is! What I want you to do right now is to get down on your hands and knees and crawl over here, stopping to pick up that $10 on the way, with your mouth - that means no hands! Ok, get going!"

Oh, now this was fun, thought Christina as she watched her former rival do as instructed. This was exciting, a real turn on. She couldn't help but let her fingers move under the hem of her own skirt and pull her panties aside to flick at her now wet clit as she watched Britney act just like her pet dog. When she reached Christina she plucked the note from between Britney's teeth and without missing a beat shoved it down the front of her skirt and into her own panties.

"You want to earn it? Then you better retrieve it, and again, no hands allowed!"

Starting to really lose her self control now the young lawyer aided her by rapidly dispensing with her jacket, blouse and shoes to stand over the prostitute in nothing more than her bra, panties (the bill poking out from the side of them) and stockings. This had all turned so serious so quickly and now all Christina wanted in the world was to feel Britney's tongue probing between her legs.

"Come on, you get it then you can keep it, let's just say it's a little extra to your bill!"

What a thrill barking those words out gave her, and that itself nothing compared to the rush of the whore actually doing it. Actually crawling naked towards her and stretching up to nuzzle her nose at Christina's pussy lips and snatch the note from inside! God she could feel her pussy soak with excitement.

"Seeing as you are down there, why don't you take my panties off? Still using no hands and you'd better not mark me with those whore teeth!"

Again the feeling of power overwhelmed her to near climax as she felt her former rival's teeth struggle for grip of the hem of her expensive panties. She moaned softly and her legs buckled slightly as the prostitute pulled her panties down to her knees and then to her ankles, allowing her to step out of them.

"Put them in your mouth Britney, I want to see you lick my juices from the gusset!"

Britney, for her part, did not waver a moment and gathered the discarded knickers up and eagerly slurped at them before pushing them all the way inside her mouth. She was obviously eager to please her employer for the night. But Christina needed more than just watching the whore in action, she needed physical touch by now and reached out to cup the back of Britney's head and pulled her right into her crotch.

"Come on, lick me out, make me cum over your face!"

It quickly became evident to Christina that this was not the first cunt that Britney had licked as she expertly used her lips and tongue to send wild sexual feelings shooting through her pussy as the hooker licked and entered her with her practised tongue. She varied from hard and forceful to soft and gentle without warning and each change of pace brought greater feelings from her client, then she used her fingers at Christina's sopping wet hole and the effect was magnetic.

The lithe, blonde lawyer screamed like a baby and squealed with delight as Britney thrust her fingers inside her and rubbed her clit harder than it had ever been rubbed before. Christina only just had enough wits about her to grab Britney's hair and push her face into her crotch as her pussy gushed forth a fountain of cum all over Britney's face.

Christina was spent and somehow mustered the strength in her legs to make it over to her bed and collapse atop it. That had been incredible, a genuinely amazing orgasm and looking over at Britney covered in her glistening juices only made more intense. But she was tired now and slowly a thought began to nag at her. She had spent $500 on this and could surely do more for that kind of money, but did she really want to. Almost as if to buy her time to get her mind straight she spoke to Britney.

"You play with yourself, I want to watch that. And leave that stuff on your face, it looks good there."

Obediently, Britney reached her right hand down to her pussy and began to rub, she had not been able to prevent herself get a little turned on herself as she had played with Christina and this would be a good chance to relieve it. But she did not get far before Christina interrupted again. A wave of guilt had suddenly hit her and she was tired of her night's plaything, suddenly she just wanted the prostitute out of her bedroom, out of her house and out of her life. It had been fun, sure but she did not want to be reminded of it. She just wanted the night to be over now. Harshly, she told Britney to get dressed and get the hell out, to go down the street and get a taxi and just get away. She didn't allow Britney to finish fingering herself off and almost bundled her out of the house as soon as she was clothed.

Afterwards, with the door closed and the day almost over Christina took a long, hot bubble bath and while she luxuriated cursed the wasted cash. Yes, it had been fun seeing what depths Britney had sunk to, to literally rub it in her face how she had fallen behind Christina but the businesswoman in her was in charge now and she cursed the money she had offered her, no doubt she would have done it for cheaper, no doubt.

*

The next morning Christina awoke with a warm glow rising inside her. Yes, on reflection, in the cold light of day last night had been a pretty stupid, pointless thing to do. Dangerous too, who knows what types might have been hanging around that place when she had returned to pick up Britney. But it had been fun. Exciting, a real thrill and last night when they had got back to her house had been something else entirely. Something wild that she had really gotten off on. But, as she dressed, she decided that there it would end. It had been expensive too, as well as risky and nothing was ever likely to replicate the first time she had so sexually dominated her former college rival. She felt refreshed and alive as she showered and dressed and made it into her office that morning – all was well in her world for sure. And then that all came crashing to a mighty stop when she turned into her corridor and saw that standing outside her office door, remonstrating with one of the secretaries, who evidently would not grant her access to Christina's office, was the self same Britney. Dressed as she had been last night and looking for all the world the cheap hooker she now was.

Christina hurried along the corridor, quickly calming the flustered secretary down with rushed reassurances and nearly frog-marched Britney into her office and shut the door behind her, aware that with the glass panels she could not afford to loose her cool in this situation.

She almost pushed Britney into the clients' seat and quickly sat down in her own leather chair.

"What the Hell are you doing here? How did you know where I worked?"

And here, to Christina's mounting confusion and concern her old rival suddenly looked an awful lot more compos mentis than she had appeared to be the previous night. Her eyes a whole lot clearer, her voice so much more stronger and her actions much more forceful. Without answering the lawyers question she reached into her handbag and produced a small Dictaphone type machine that clearly replayed the conversation they had had at that street corner the night before. Christina lost all the colour in her face as she listened.

Before Christina could say anything Britney produced a brown envelope from her handbag (did she have that last night? Christina couldn't remember) and dropped it on the desk, out spilled a pile of photographs, in black and white of Christina in her car, stopping at the corner, with Britney leaning in and finally with her getting in. Clearly they had been taken from the opposite side of the street last night and as clear was Christina's car number plate and, in later pictures zoomed in a bit, her face. Desperate to say something at least, to get some kind of foothold in this the lawyer blurted out.

"Who took these?!"

"Don't you worry about that Christina honey. A friend maybe? Maybe my employer when I work there, just a little insurance to keep me safe and sound. Doesn't really matter does it? Between them and this tape and the fact I could be able to give a completely accurate description of your bedroom, you should be in no doubt that I could tell the whole world - or at least the city's legal profession, certainly including this office – that you, Christina Wilson like to cruise the red light zone, pick up hookers and have dirty, nasty sex with them. Should do wonders for your career, shouldn't it?"

From the moment that she had come along the corridor and seen Britney outside her office door, Christina had suspected that it would be blackmail she wanted, there could be no doubt now. Thinking back to what had gone on last night, she doubted that Britney would show much leniency or compassion to any sort of plea. Better just try to buy her way out of it because, lets face it, there was no way on earth she could allow this to go public, her career, her life, everything that she worked so hard for would certainly be flushed away.
