 Lisa and Melanie.

I moved in with Lisa a while ago. Our relationship has been great thus far! Tonya kept asking me why I was never able to go out with her like I did, and I simply told her I wasn't feeling too well. Excuses were never my thing, and I did feel bad telling them like I did. Deep inside, I knew it was because Lisa and I were in a relationship. It feels weird saying that, considering I'm not a lesbian. Well, I am? I guess you can say that unexpected things happen in life all of the time. This was one of them. I enjoy being with Lisa. She introduced me to the other person I'm in love with; me.

"Why don't you just tell her that we're together?" Lisa told me one day. 

"I don't know how Tonya would take it. Besides, aren't you the one that told me to keep this as a skeleton in the closet?"

"That was before, this is now. Invite her over, and tell her the truth. Besides, I own that law firm. I'm the head bitch in charge around those parts. Remember, I'm the one who hired Tonya. Invite her over."

"Are you crazy? She'll probably tell everyone."

"Melanie," Lisa said sitting down next to me on the couch, "If you even assume she's going to tell everyone like it's a bad thing, then she's not really your friend. I think that's what you fear right now. That your childhood best friend is really two-faced. I've heard her around the office talking about people, and I've always wondered why you were friends with someone like that."

I put my head down. Lisa lifts it up, "Don't feel bad. Let's order a pizza and forget about what we talked about." She kisses me on the cheek and orders out. Lisa has a way of making me see the bright side of things when I'm not able to myself. 

We have pizza and wine, and talk. 

"Would you ever fire me?" I ask, "That is, if we weren't lovers?"

She laughs, "I don't hesitate to fire anyone, you know that. But just because you're my girlfriend doesn't mean I can't, or I won't."

"You really mean that?"

"I'm teasing," She says before sipping her wine, "Of course I won't. I'd have no reason to anyway. Why would you ask that?"

"Just a basic question Miss Jones," I tease her back. 

"So you like to tease huh?" She asks naughtily. 

"Sometimes, it's fun."

"You know what happens when you tease me. It makes me even more dominant. I think I should punish you."

"Ohh I'm so scared," I say. 

She laughs, "You didn't know I was into that?"

"BDSM?" I ask, "Are you?"

"Yeah. I told you I'm dominant. Though I would never do that if you're not into that."

"I'd try anything once, as long as you go steady-go easy."

"Don't I always?"

"Sometimes you scare me," I laugh, "You have the energy of a man sometimes!"

"Oh please," She says, "Not even."

We put our dishes away, and we wash them. We joke on our way to the bedroom and kiss each other. 

"I'd like to try the BDSM thing with you, though I've never tried it."

She smiles a little, "Okay. Do you want me to dress up or no?"

"I'm too horny for all of that."

"Oh," She says playing with my shirt, "A little hungry aren't we?"

"Yes. I couldn't keep my composure at work thinking about you."

"I can't get enough of you either."

We kiss and I put my tongue in her mouth. She pulls back and says, "Strip."

I take off my clothes in front of her as she sits down on the bed, watching me take off all of my clothes. My long hair hangs down my back, and feels like feathers against my skin. 

"Good," She goes to the closet, and takes out a box that has a whip in it, handcuffs, floggers, and other things. Lisa is so kinky. I've been shown her collection of sex toys, furry handcuffs, butt plugs, and wa-wa balls. She has everything on the planet. 

"I'm going to cuff you," She says. I lie down, and she cuffs my two hands to her headboard, and she ties my legs with two silk scarves of hers. I am unable to move. 

"This is..fun," I reply. 

"The best has yet to come," She says before taking off her clothes, "Wait till I manipulate that little pussy of yours."

"What does that mean?" I ask. 

"Exactly what I said," She replies quietly, "You wanted to try this, and it can be intense at times, so is it okay to induce a little pain?"

"Yes."

"Okay," She takes out her whip, and strikes me with it on my leg. 

"Ow!"

"Does it sting a little babe?"

"Yes."

"Good. Do you want me to go further with this?"

"Yeah." 

"Okay, I'm going to blind-fold you. Everything I say, you have to do. Plus I'm not Lisa anymore, I'm Master. So call me by such."

"Okay, I will."

She blind-folds me. This is so weird, yet I'm so turned on. She teases my nipples by licking them a little, but not taking them into her mouth. I feel her fingers run down my stomach to my thighs. Her touch tickles me. I'd feel sorry for myself if I had a dick. I would have squirted by now.

"Let's see how you're doing down there puss," She says, before putting her hand on my pussy. 

"Oh, so I do make you wet huh?" 

"YES."

She hits me with the whip. Not hard, but enough to sting. I clench my teeth. She kneels down and licks my pussy. 

"Don't cum until I tell you to," She said, "If you cum, I'm turning off the lights, and I'm leaving you. I will fuck myself in the room next to this one to tease you. So do as I say."

"Fuck, is it possible?" I ask. 

"It better be."

She brings her lips to my pussy and kisses it. I try to control myself. If I cum, she's leaving me in the dark, and will tease me in the next room. I need her. I wish I could talk to the cum, and tell it not to make an exit. But Lisa turns me on so much. It's so hard to. I remember her words though. 

She uses her two fingers to open my pussy, and sticks her tongue in. 

"Oh, shit!" I moan. 

"You better not cum," She warns, before proceeding to eat me out again. Her hot tongue in my pussy makes me feel so sexy. Lisa inserts her fingers inside. 

"Who's pussy is this?" She asks. 

"Yours!"

"What's my name?"

"Master!"

She chuckles, "Good." She hits me with the whip again, and I flinch because of the stinging sensation. I'm so turned on, yet I like the stinging. 

"Good slave," She says as she continues whipping me. My breathing gets more shallow. 

She swirls her tongue against my nipple. It's so hard, and she pinches a little. I get hornier as she does that. She takes the other nipple in her mouth, before doing the same. Lisa teases them, and does not take them in her mouth. BDSM is so hard. You have to really control your urges when you feel you can't. Oh god, I hope I don't cum because this feels so hot! 

"Ohh," I moan. 

"You like that?" She asks, "You like when I hit you with this fucking whip?"

"Y-yes," I manage to utter. 

"Do you want to eat my pussy?" She asks. 

"Yes."

"Okay, open your mouth puss."

I do as she tells me, and she leans over me and puts her warm pussy over my mouth. She smells so good. It's like musk; a good smell, and a soap that I can't make out. Her pussy tastes so good. She's very wet, and her juices are like nectar in my mouth. Lisa is saying something, but I don't really hear her because I'm into sucking her pussy. I suck her clit. 

"Oh yes," She moans. 

I want to break free from these fucking handcuffs and silk scarves, and fuck her until I collapse on top of her. I feel like I will, but the handcuffs have a strong grip on me even as I move. Lisa is moving, and fucking my mouth with her pussy. She gently pats my cheek. 

"Gentle puss, gentle."

I eat her out gently. But hell, who could blame me? She tastes so good, and I'm beyond horny right now. My pussy is throbbing. All I could do is attempt to move my legs, which I really can't. Lisa pats my cheek some more. 

"Okay babe," She gets off my face and slides down to my lower body. Her hot pussy is humping my thigh. It's very close to my pussy. I want it so bad. I think I'm ready to surrender. I'm getting ready to cum already. Hard too. Lisa is moving at a slow pace while patting my pussy. 

"Do you like when you're master teases you like this?" She asks. 

I'm panting. I didn't even realize I was. 

"Y-yes."

"Yeah," She says. 

"Fuck!" I manage to get out, "I-I can't take it anymore. Please uncuff me and fuck me."

She laughs, "I thought you'd never ask." She uncuffs and unties my legs. 

"I didn't cum yet," I say, proud of my achievement. 

"That's okay, because I did!" She exclaims. I get man-handled by her, she takes me in her arms, lifts me a little, and switches position. Lisa is so strong! I love it. Now I'm on top of her. 

"Go ahead, fuck my brains out, I know you want to."

I've never rode Lisa before. She's always been the top, and I was always the bottom. However, I would have to say, this felt fucking great. Our two hot, wet, hungry pussies fucking each other. She gripped my hips and said, "On it babe," and I adjusted my pussy directly on top, "Now move."

I did. We had the same pace, moving so fast and moaning. She rose up and kissed me. Passionate kisses they were. I responded and gave her the passion that I had. 

"Your ass feels so good when you move against me like that," She licks her lips. She spanks my ass and I scream as we both orgasm together. I shiver. 

"Grrr," She growls, "Oh yeah! Give it to me!"

"Oh god," I moan. I can hardly breathe. I ride out my orgasm, until there's nothing left. That took a lot out of me. I lie next to Lisa and we stare at each other for a while. God those eyes! Those sexy hazel eyes! I could drown in those pools of brown and green colors if it were possible. We kiss. 

"So fucking good," She said. 

"That was awesome."

"Would you do BDSM again?"

"Maybe. It's not my thing, but I think it made sex very hot because I had to wait to cum. I couldn't fuck you when I wanted to."

"Next time I'll dress up, and break out some leather. We'll make things a little more, fun maybe?"

"Oh babe, that was fun anyway," I kiss her. 

We pause. I cuddle against her. 

"Ready for round two?" She asks. 

God this woman! I can't keep up with her sometimes! 

------------------------

I invite Tonya to come over the place on a weekend. However, I don't let her know that I moved in with Lisa, and I don't mention that we're lovers. She comes by. It's a Saturday afternoon, and Lisa left to go to a meeting earlier. I'm there alone. Tonya comes over, and is flabbergasted. 

"Oh my god!" She screams, "This is why you've been acting funny. You went and got yourself a rich man."

My mind is yelling at her, "woman, not man!" I think so loud sometimes. Before Tonya came over, I hid the pictures of Lisa and I that were on her table. 

Tonya looks around, "My God! I should crash here sometimes."

I laugh. It's an uncomfortable laugh. 

"Tonya, have a seat. I want to talk to you."

She sits down and can't stop looking around at the place, "So, what's his name?"

I laugh again. It's funny that she's under the assumption that I'm with some rich sugar daddy. 

"I have something to tell you."

"Okay, what?"

"I'm seeing someone."

"Well duh, that is a little obvious," She laughs. 

"I moved here a few weeks ago."

"Yeah, and that explains why you weren't able to go out because you've been seeing somebody. I know how the story goes, it's totally okay Melanie."

I pause. 

"What's wrong?"

"Tonya...what would you say if I told you that I wasn't seeing a man?"

She loses her smile, "Huh? So this is just your place?"

"No, I'm seeing someone all right."

"I'm confused."

I sigh, "Just let me finish okay? I'm seeing someone, but it's not a man."

She doesn't say anything, but her posture changes. 

"It's a woman."

Tonya's mouth slowly opens, "Really?'

"Yes."

"You're gay?"

"Well, yes."

"When did you realize you were gay?"

God, I hated when people ask questions like this as if they're a shrink. 

"It was actually recent. I'm in love with this person. It was something that just happened, and was rather unexpectant."

"What's her name?"

"Lisa."

I'm not so afraid anymore. That was a black veil that just turned white! 

"Lisa who?"

All of a sudden, the door opens, and Lisa comes in. She's mumbling something about "the fucking boring meeting", while taking off her coat and hanging it up. Lisa doesn't notice that Tonya is there yet, until she turns and sees her. She stops in her tracks, and smiles. 

"Hello Tonya," She says before giving me a kiss on the lips, in front of her. Tonya's mouth is wide open. Lisa goes to the kitchen. 

I turn to her, "That's what I wanted to tell you."

She pauses then says, "I had no idea, why didn't you tell me?"

"I didn't know how you would take it, and I was so unsure myself. I don't care what anyone thinks anymore, but I had to tell you."

"It's okay," She smiles, "That doesn't stop you from being my friend. But," She leans in to whisper to me, "Is she actually nice outside of work?"

We laugh and share a hug.

After Tonya leaves, Lisa and I talk. 

"So you've told her?" She's nibbling on a piece of orange block cheese, feeding herself with the assistance of her two fingers she used to break pieces of the cheese. 

"Yes. I feel a whole lot better now."

"You should. You shouldn't have to live under a big cloud of illusion asking yourself a million questions that are never answered until you kill your fear."

"That makes a lot of sense."

"You know, I had a very long day today. What do you say we take a shower together? A bath maybe?"

I smile, "Yeah that'll be nice."

"I bought strawberries, and champagne. We can bathe each other, and fuck all night in bed. Whatta you say?"

I laugh, "I love when you talk so dirty."

"It's one of the many things I do best," She winks. 

END

P.S "If any of you reading this story have any questions or concern, leave a message on me and Lisa's voice machine. Be sure to tell us who you are, with the full message itself. Thanks!"-Melanie.