 A few days had gone by since Lana had received her initiation invite from Sigma Kappa Pi, but it was still all she could think about. She'd find herself sitting in class and thinking about how she had fingered and rubbed herself to completion in front of her future big sisters instead of paying attention to her lecturers. She felt like she was in a constant state of arousal and was beyond grateful for the free vibrator she had gotten. She had been putting it to good use, fucking herself with it whenever her roommate wasn't around. Just the day before, she had rushed to her room during the one hour break she had in between classes just to sate her constantly throbbing pussy and change her out of her damp panties. When Rachael was in, she would wait until the corridor was quiet in the night and use the vibrator in the showers. 

She had seen one of the girls that had been at the first round of the selection process at the Sigma Kappa Pi house with her that night on campus. When she was about to say hi, the girl had diverted her gaze to the floor and carried on marching as if she didn't know her. Lana felt hurt for a second, but reckoned that the girl was probably mortified about what they had done. Lana found that she did not share the sentiment. She felt sexy and proud and just thinking about it made her flustered. 

Her thoughts went to the charter president, Aurora. The woman made the cogs in Lana's mind whir with intrigue. She had spent a good two hours cyberstalking her. She learned from her Facebook page that she had a boyfriend who was a Computer Science major on the honor roll. Their photos together looked like a Ralph Lauren catalogue and Lana felt a sliver of envy as she clicked through the copious digital albums. Aurora herself was a PoliSci student, which Lana had predicted. A person that had such a natural gift of controlling and leading people was destined to go into the sordid, manipulative world of American politics. 

She had called her mother the day after her first initiation, telling her about how she had been invited. Mrs Murphy didn't sound particularly thrilled with the idea, but told her daughter that as long as she didn't deviate from her studies, she could try and make the Greek thing work. Lana wanted to know why her mother hadn't made a bigger deal about being Sigma alumni and her mother had said that even though the system had been fun while she was at school, she hadn't kept in touch with any of the girls after graduation and she only joined because her own mother had. 

"Meme was a Sigma?!" Lana had gasped. 

"It was the fifties, Lana," her mother replied smoothly. "Everyone was in a sorority. But you kids have way more clubs now. You don't need that repressive, old school Greek stuff." 

She guessed her mother was right but Lana already had her heart set. It's not like there was any looking back after what she had done. Lana was sitting in the lab, working on her analytical chemistry practical when her cellphone buzzed. She switched off the Bunsen burner before fishing the phone out of her lab coat pocket. Anticipation overtook her as she read the short but precise message: 

21h30 tonight @ the charter house. 

Your sisters have summoned you. 

It was much more informal than the handcrafted invite but it was just as cryptic. Lana wondered how they found her phone number but she didn't care. She was glad that she had been summoned. She turned back to her work, moving around the lab with a renewed fire now that she had an incentive to finish early. After she'd written up her results, logged them into her work book and cleaned up the instruments she had used, Lana rushed back to her dorm so she had ample time to get ready. 

She greeted Rachael as she walked into her room and found that the other girl's laconic reply didn't hurt her in the least. Lana's imagination was too busy thinking up scenarios of how round two would go down to care about her roommate's aloofness. Opening her bedside drawer, Lana pulled out her purple vibrator and placed in her toiletry bag before practically skipping to the communal bathrooms. She picked the shower furthest from the door, got in and locked it. She took off her clothes and hung them on the hook before she stepping under the shower head. She turned on the faucet and let the water cascade down her naked body. 

Lana sighed as the hot water covered her. The hot stream rode over her heavy, perky tits, along her flat stomach and down her pussy lips. The heat caused a strong tingle in between her legs and her nipples hardened. She spread her legs and placed one hand on the wall to support herself before she started to rub her clit. She released a throaty moan as her fingers massaged the hardened nub, all the while the water adding extra stimulation. She began making small circular movements around her clit and when the throbbing intensified, she knew it was time for her favorite little friend. Picking the vibrator up, Lana switched it on before placing it at her opening and pushing it in slowly. 

"Ohhhh shit!" she moaned as it entered her. 

It buzzed in her tight pussy and she folded her forearm onto the tiled shower wall for extra support before resting her forehead on it and letting the machine do its work. She rotated her hips on it, imagining that she was riding a really hot guy's dick while simultaneously pushing it in and out at a medium pace. She was slow and tender with herself, wanting the session to last as long as possible and withholding her own orgasm. She thrust it back and forth, and the fire within her kept building gradually until she felt her thighs quivering. Lana knew she was close to coming apart and notched up the speed of the vibration. 

She whimpered loudly, not giving a damn if someone walked into the bathroom as she quicken the pace of her thrusting, ramming the curved shaft in her pulsing box, scratching the itch on her G-spot every single time. It was a matter of minutes until she was fucking herself with reckless abandon and her eyes rolled back into her head as she came. Her knees buckled and she slid to the floor of the shower, her breathing labored and she rode wave after wave of her orgasm. 

When it finally subsided, she pressed the off switch and slowly pulled out the vibrator, moaning as she did. She let herself recover for a few minutes, a giddy smile on her face as she panted. Finally, Lana pulled her orgasm-drugged body back up and began preparing for her night. She shaved her legs and manicured her pussy, leaving a short strip of dark hair the way she liked it. She lathered her thick, dark locks in shampoo before letting the conditioner soak for a good ten minutes then rinsing. When she was done with the routine, she marveled at how soft her skin was and how good she smelled. 

Rachael was still in her room when she got back, but as per usual, she had her noise cancelling headphones on. Lana smiled inwardly as she thought that one of these days, she might put the quality of Rachael's beloved headphones to the test by using the rabbit while she was in the room. 'Wonder if you'll be able to ignore me then,' Lana thought mischievously. 

She looked through her closet, contemplating her clothes. She would really have to call her dad for some money if she was going to do this sorority thing properly, cause her wardrobe needed a reboot. After trying on as many combinations as she could, Lana settled on a short-sleeved fluffy sweater and a 90's style suede shirt. She didn't look as sexy as the last time, but she definitely looked more fashionable. She liked the way the outfit accentuated her the cinched curve of her waist and again, her legs were on show. This time around though, she made sure to wear a bra. She wasn't about to make the same mistake twice. 

Her hair was back to its natural waviness and she let it form a mane around her face, falling over her shoulders. She tied a subtle, thin gold choker around her neck and zipped up her boots. 

"Where are you off to?" came a voice. 

Lana jumped from shock for a second, until she remembered that silent Rachael was in the room. 

"Meeting some friends," Lana replied. 

"Oh," Rachael said, her tone contemplative. "I didn't know you had friends." 

Lana scowled for a second, offended at the comment. She was right, Lana didn't have friends, but she didn't have to be so frank about it! 

"They're new," Lana explained. 

"Ah, it's that blonde chick?" Rachael said. "So you're the preppy type." 

"I don't have a type," she began to feel defensive until she realized what Rachael had said. A blonde girl had left her the invite. Could it be...? "The girl, who left my invite. What did she look?" 

"I told you, I don't know, blonde?" Rachael shrugged. "You all look the same to me." 

Lana rolled her eyes at Rachael's joke. The girl had a weird ass sense of humor. 

"I mean, was she tall? Kinda thin, killer jawline and blue eyes?" Lana described Aurora. 

"I guess..." Rachael said slowly. "You know who she kinda looks like? That girl in Transformers! Not Megan Fox, the other one." 

"Yeah, I know who you're talking about. Rosie," Lana said, her cheeks flushing. 

So Aurora had been in her room. She didn't know why but the thought made her feel closer to her somehow. 

"So I'm right, that's your new friend?" Rachael asked. 

"Um, yeah," Lana said softly. "I mean, I hope." 

Just as randomly as Rachael had started the conversation, she turned around and ended it. Lana carried on primping herself, all the while neurotically checking the time, not wanting to be late and have her fun over before it had even begun. At around nine, she sent for her Uber and waited patiently outside her dorm building for it to arrive. To say she was eager would have been a gross understatement and by the time she arrived at the Sigma house, Lana had to do everything in her power to stop herself from straight up running. She got to the door and pressed the doorbell. This time Esther opened it. 

"Legacy, I knew you'd come back," she smirked. 

She had on a pretty shade of red lipstick which was striking against her dusky features. But what stood out to Lana more was the fact that the curvy brunette had on a short, silk gown and fluffy high-heeled slip-ons. For a second, Lana was scared that the message might have contained a dress code that she had missed. 

"Good evening, Sister Greenberg," Lana greeted her. 

Esther opened the door further and let her walk in. "You know where to go." 

Lana hung her coat on the rack in the foyer and put her bag on the pile with other girls purses who had arrived earlier than her. She made her way to the lounge where she found that the set up had been changed. The furniture had been pushed up against the walls so the cushions formed a circle. There was also a table near by that had shot glasses with an assortment of different colored liquids in them. 

"Take a drink, Legacy," Esther said. 

"Thanks." 

Lana welcomed the opportunity to have some alcohol. She picked up a clear shooter and down it, and it burned on the way to her stomach. She had hoped it was white rum or silver tequila but it was vodka, and the gross taste lingered in her mouth. 

"Wash it down with this," someone handed her a glass with blue stuff. 

Looking up, Lana's eyes locked with a blue set that had been ingrained in her mind for the past few days. Aurora was talking directly to her and she felt like a nervous schoolgirl. She took the glass and downed it. It was sweet, exactly what she needed. After drinking it, she also took in Aurora's appearance. Like Esther, she was in a silk gown, a blue one that highlighted her eyes. Her legs seemed to go on for days, punctuated by a cute, pink pedicure that popped out of her fluffy slides. 

"Thank you, Sister DiMarco," Lana said, hoping she sounded more confident than she felt. 

"You're welcome," Aurora smiled. "Now go mingle with your fellow pledges." 

Lana nodded and put the shot glass down before awkwardly eying the room to see who she could talk to. It was moments like these when she despised her chronic shyness the most. Luckily for her, there was another girl who was more than eager to finally get know who she would be in a sorority with. She waved over at Lana before gesturing for her to come over. She was already talking to another girl, and Lana greeted them both. 

"Hi, I'm-" 

"Lana Murphy, we know," the girl who had called her over said. "I'm Freddie. And before you freak out, I'm not a crazy stalker or anything. We all looked up who the legacy that put on a show was. Blame Facebook." 

"Oh my god," Lana gasped, her pale cheeks turning a deep red. "I mean, we were all doing it." 

"True," the other girl said. "But none of us sounded like you did. I'm Tori, by the way." 

Lana felt like she wanted the ground to open up and swallow her whole. 

"Chin up," Freddie punched her lightly on the shoulder. "It was actually kinda sexy." 

Lana shrugged and just wished that she had taken at least one more shot to deal with this. The compliment didn't go unnoticed though, especially coming from Freddie. True to Sigma form, the girl was a looker. She had beautifully clear, mahogany brown skin and black braids that fell down to her waist. Her full lips were painted dark purple, which matched her edgy nose piercing. 

"What do you think they're gonna have us do tonight?" Tori asked, biting her bottom lip, nervousness clear in her grey eyes. "I mean, last time was fucking twisted. Hot, but twisted." 

"As a long as it's not illegal, I really don't give a fuck," Freddie shrugged nonchalantly. "If I get this, I'm gonna get to cozy up to Clarissa van der Burgh and that EMI internship is as good as mine." 

"Why's that?" Lana asked. 

"One of their best A&R guys is her stepdad," Freddie said matter-of-factly. "And everyone knows she's fucking him. If anyone can land me an internship there, it's that quasi-incestuous little slut. I mean, not that I'm judging or anything. To each their own." 

Lana wasn't sure whether to laugh or be mortified. Freddie had quite the mouth on her and seemed as though she was the type of girl who couldn't be easily fazed. Lana liked that; she could learn a thing or two from someone like that and she hoped they'd both make it till the very end of hazing. Tori, on the other hand, she was skeptical about. 

The three coeds were in the middle of discussing who they thought would benefit them most and who was to watch out for when they were interrupted by the sound of metal on glass. Their attention turned to Marion, who was gently hitting a dessert fork against her champagne flute to get everyone to focus on her. 

"Welcome back, pledges," she began. "It's great to see all of you back. Honestly, we thought last time would have scared you off but I see this year we got a brave bunch." 

"Now that you've had enough time to try and figure out what tonight's event is, shall we begin?" Esther said. The question was rhetorical and she turned to Aurora to continue speaking. 

Aurora was holding a black satchel with pink drawstrings keeping it closed. Lana's heart pounded as she wondered what sex toys were probably in there this time. 

"The first lesson was to test your desire to please, and you all passed with flying colors," the blonde began. "The perfect Sigma can talk her way in and out of any situation. That's part of what makes us winners. So tonight, girls, we're testing your oral skills." 

Lana's ocean-colored eyes went wide as she realized what Aurora meant. Touching herself until she came was one thing, she had done that millions of times. Giving head to another pledge though, was entirely new territory that she wasn't sure she would be able to venture into. Of all the things that Lana was unsure about, her sexuality was not one of them. She was straight. She'd never even so much as kissed another girl, even on the cheek. Even as a joke! Maybe this would be the night that she tapped out. She looked over at Freddie to check out her reaction and the girl seemed nonplussed. 

"So this it how it goes," Aurora continued. "You pick a name from this bag, and whichever Sister you match with, you be a good little Pledge and go down on her until she cums. No hands." 

Despite herself, Lana felt the familiar pulsing in her nether regions as she took in what Aurora had just said. They weren't going to go down on one another, each pledge would have to service an older sister. Lana's eyes immediately went to the president's bare legs, and the thought of having them over her shoulders as she licked her pussy made her suppress her moan. So fuck it, maybe she was only straight when Aurora wasn't involved. 

"Unfortunately, as we only have ten pledges and eleven sisters, I have decided to show grace as the president and sit this one out," Aurora said. "Trust me, this was a hard decision to make. Ok, let's start. Tatum, you're up first." 

The first girl walked up to Aurora and rummaged in the back for what seemed like forever before she pulled out a name. 

"Sister Wachowski," she read it out, and was summoned by a short girl with a pixie cut. 

Lana was already disappointed after Aurora's announcement and she felt like she didn't care who she got. She would do whatever she had to do and get it over and done with. The names kept on coming and as if by divine intervention, Freddie got paired up with Clarissa. Lana was the penultimate girl to go, and the only options left were Marion and another girl. She pulled out the name from the bag and read it out loud. 

"Sister Boullard." 

"I got the Legacy," Marion jokingly taunted her other sisters, as if it even made a difference. 

Most of the sisters were on cushions but Marion was sitting, one leg crossed over the other, on the vintage settee. Lana walked over to her, swallowing the lump of nervousness that had formed in her throat. The girls locked eyes and she felt Marion's dominance over her seeping through her emerald gaze and wry, pink smirk. She called Lana closer with her index finger and the younger girl felt like there was an invisible thread pulling her towards her. Marion patted the empty seat next to her, signaling for Lana to sit down, and she did. 

"I take it you've never kissed a girl before, have you?" Marion said, not breaking her gaze from Lana's. 

"No," Lana shook her head. 

"Have you ever thought about it?" 

Lana didn't know why but she briefly looked over at Aurora, who was sitting at her throne-like armchair alone. She turned back to Marion. 

"Um, no. I don't think so," she gulped. 

"Do you want to try it?" Marion asked. 

Her voice was a husky whisper and it made Lana feel as though it was just the two of them in the room. 'Oh my god, is this what it feels like to be seduced by a woman?' she thought as her heart pounded. 

She licked her lips nervously before she replied. "I don't know, maybe." 

"Yes or no," Marion said sternly. 

"Yes," Lana nodded. 

She could feel her nipples tighten and harden as she her eyes zoned in on Marion's lips. They were not too full, but they were even and plump enough to look alluring. As if she knew what the girl was thinking, Marion licked her bottom lip, leaving it glossy with her saliva but looking absolutely delectable. She didn't wait for Lana to make the first move as she leaned in, and kissed the brunette. 

Her lips were soft and their fullness relative to any boy she had ever kissed was thoroughly welcomed. Instinctively, she tilted her head and parted her lips as Marion did the same, and their tongues rubbed against each other. Lana sank as deep as she could into the kiss, sucking and nipping at Marion's plump lips. She wanted nothing more than to immerse her hands in the redhead's copper mane and hold her closer but she was acutely aware of the no hands rule. 

Her tongue lapped and licked at Marion's mouth and as the other coed did the same to her, she felt the fire begin to ignite in between her thighs. Unlike Lana, Marion was allowed to use her hands and she ran one across Lana's exposed thigh, cupping the pledge's ass through her skirt and giving it a tight squeeze. 
