 "Ok come on girls, last 10 minutes to really nail this routine before Saturday night's game." Yelled Tiffany.

Tiffany was the leader of her the university cheer leading squad. A position she had held for the past 2 and a half years and rightly so. With her long brown toned legs, slender waist and pert double D tits she had the perfect figure, not to mention the crystal clear skin, blue eyes and thick, glossy shoulder length blonde hair to match.

Tiffany was every inch the stereotypical cheer leader.

The 9 girls all got into position, Tiffany counted them in and they ran through their new routine once more. It was a big game on Saturday night & it was important that they got it right to boost the boys morale before, during and after the soccer game.

"And that's a wrap, well done girls." Tiffany stated. Patting each girl on their back as they headed for the showers.

It's quite normal in sports changing rooms that the showers all communal. It's nothing sexual it's simply easier to build them that way and most people in there are teams so what's the problem? You're all the same sex with all the same parts and when you get changed you practically see everything now a days anyway with the amount of material that is involved in some underwear!

The girls trooped into the changing rooms and began stripping off whilst chatting about the routine and their plans for the remainder of the weekend.

'You worked really hard today.' Sarah said to Helen.

"Thanks, so did you. You've really toned up recently." Helen replied letting her eyes linger for just a moment too long on Sarah's skimply clad body, which was glistening with sweat.

"Oh really do you think?" Sarah did a twirl in front of Helen before taking of her bra. She pushed her tits together and said to Helen "Don't you think I'd look hotter as a cheer leader if my breast were just a little bigger?"

"I think they're fine just as they are, nice and round and pert. Look at mine, they're so much bigger but I don't think they look at better than yours, your nipples are so perky!" With this comment Helen pinched and pulled her own nipple so they became erect and stood out.

"Yours are like this all the time, I'm so jealous. You can see them through your cheer leader top, the boys just love it!"

With this, the girls dropped their knickers to the floor and hit the showers. They'd been chatting longer than the rest so by the time they hit the showers most of the other girls were just rinsing the last of the soap from themselves and heading out leaving Sarah and Helen alone in the showers.

As the water hit their bodies Helen couldn't help herself, she reached over to Sarah and pinched each of her nipples really hard.

"ouch" said Sarah "What did you do that for."

"I wanted to see if they really are like that all the time or if you are secretly horny constantly. You know all the attractive girls everywhere, aren't you just a little curious what it's like to be turned on my a girl." Helen replied.

Sarah turned to face Helen and looking her straight in the face admitted that although she did find boys attractive 99% of the time, there were occasions during their routines when she would be bent over and ached to be touched through her pants from behind. As she said this she turned so her back was towards Helen, parted her legs and bent over keeping her legs perfectly straight.

This gave Helen a full view of Sarah's wet pussy. Her perfect lips were parted and you could see her clit was a little swollen. The hole below it was definitely not just wet from the shower.

Moving towards her with shower gel on her hands Helen ran the tip of one of her fingers down the crack of Sarah's ass before turning her hand so her palm was flat against Sarah's ass. This resulted in the tips of her fingers being flat against Sarah's pussy and clit.

She slowly rubbed.

Sarah pushed back against Helen's hand, grinding against it. Helen's middle finger rubbed her clit first lightly and slowly, gently stroking before picking up the pace and rubbing a bit harder. Sarah began to squeeze her own nipples making them harder than before.

Helen parted Sarah's lips using her index and 4th finger making Sarah's pussy skin tighter and exposing her clit more. She knelt down on the floor, moved her middle finger to the side and using the tip of her tongue started to flick Sarah's clit. She moaned, her pussy ached and begged to have something in it.

Moving her hand, Helen let Sarah's lips close around her mouth leaving her fingers free to satisfy Sarah. She gently slid 2 fingers into her pussy. Working them back and forth, she continued to lick and suck on her clit.

Sarah started coming and Helen licked and probed even harder.

When they'd done, Helen stood up.

"We should definitely incorporate that into the routine during a game, it would definitely get the boys morale up!" She winked at Sarah, before leaving the shower area.