 My wife Tami is cute, and has a hot body. Picture a brunette, 5 foot 5, 110 pounds, perky 34b breasts, small waist and a round dancer's butt. Pretty face, large eyes, upturned nose, full lips. 

Our sex life was red hot at first, but got boring and unsatisfying for both of us. We got into a rut, like a lot of couples. As a solution, I rented some porn video, thinking it might give us ideas, and spice things up a bit. She seemed to be into it, as we watched blowjob after blowjob and various fucking positions. But, when it came to girl-girl scenes, I noticed that she lit up a bit more. She sighed more than a few times. I then got a very intriguing idea:

After the video, we had sex, and during sex, I started describing possible sex scenarios, and asked her if the lesbian scenes aroused her. Tami hesitated at first, but then admitted they did. We both got very aroused by that kind of talk and came intensely.

I knew she was rather shy about initiating anything like this. Besides her looks, her submissiveness always attracted me. She always lets me have my way with her in bed, but this was a new frontier for us. I had to be cautious about scaring her. Girl-girl sex was a longstanding fantasy of mine, but I never thought she would go for it.

I told Tami that I wanted her have sex with another woman—just once. She looked at me in astonishment, but not negatively. I asked her what she thought about it. With further questioning, she admitted that she did have a curiosity about trying it with another woman. She said she was hesitant to tell me, because I might get upset or jealous. 

I told her that it would turn me on to see her pleased by another woman; especially the oral sex. And it could just be a one-time "experiment". She tentatively agreed to it. But, she did want to choose who it would be. It was a deal.

I placed an ad in an online "personals" website, seeking a "cute, fit woman to have sex with my hot, bi-curious wife." We screened several ads, based on what they said and their pictures, and narrowed it down to a few women. Of the final three, Tami chose the most butch, Becky. I was a little surprised that Tami chose her over some hot, lipstick lesbians—which would have been my choice for her. I went along with it.

I interviewed Becky on the phone and set up some ground rules. Basically, this would be a meeting at our place, and I would be present during their sex. I would not join in but just watch. Afterward, Becky would go home. If it went well, I would contact her and we would do it again—but only under my supervision. There would be no meetings without me present. Becky agreed to this concept. It was a "go", then.

It was a rainy, Friday night. Tami looked hot, in a short skirt and loose blouse, and flawless makeup. I made sure she shaved her pussy clean, because I wanted to see every lick and suck. Becky arrived at 9pm. She was taller than Tami by a few inches, and a large bust, hard bodied, just like her picture. She wore pants and a tank top. She had very short, bleached blonde hair, large blue, piercing eyes, and a long nose. Her lips were thin and she wore no makeup. She looked like she could be an athlete

We had some drinks and I sat across the sofa from them, helping the conversation along. Without any direction from me, Becky started making some moves on Tami. She had been verbally making passes up to that point—complimenting her on her beauty, and casually stroking her legs and shoulders while they talked. 

Tami looked nervous, I could tell, but did not indicate that she ever wanted it to stop. She looked to me for guidance, and I would nod in approval. Becky pulled her to her mouth and started kissing her. Tami responded with careful kisses. Things started to heat up quickly.

My cock was already heating up, as well. When they started making out, I was rock hard. This was my fantasy come true. Tami was getting into it as they french kissed. Becky's hand snaked its way inside Tami's blouse and under her lacey bra. Tami was starting to moan. (When we first got together, I used to caress Tami's nipples like that. I hadn't done that in a long, long time).

Becky was aggressive which I expected. She removed Tami's blouse and bra, and started sucking and kissing her breasts. Becky growled deeply as she devoured them. Tami looked flustered yet aroused. Her wet nipples were hard as marbles. She looked to me for approval. My cock was in my hand at this point. That was approval enough.

Becky led Tami into our bedroom. With cock in hand, I followed. I sat on a chair and watched them go at it. Tami and Becky got naked and had pulled all of the blankets off the bed. Becky was muscular—very broad shoulders, large, melon shaped breasts, and an untrimmed, hairy pussy. She kissed Tami all over, with a man's confidence, trailing her long tongue down over her nipples to her silver, navel ring and to her wet, silky-smooth pussy. 

She took my wife like a hungry animal, as she sucked and licked that sweet, little pussy. Tami was gyrating and moaning unlike I had ever seen or heard her. I stroked my cock in time to Becky's licking, and came all over myself. Tami writhed in orgasm from Becky' long, wet tongue. I could never do what Becky easily did to Tami's pussy. I suddenly realized a man couldn't give oral sex as well as a lesbian could.

The night was an endless series of lesbian lust. Becky crouched over Tami—who was flat on her back—grab her by the hair, and pull her face up against her pussy; I got hard again. She pressed Tami's mouth over her clitoris, and instructed her how to lick and suck it. Using words like "little bitch" and "closet dyke", she was showing her who was boss. Becky's heavy breathing proved that Tami was a good student. I felt a little insecure at this point. It was like I wasn't there. 

I could see that Tami was getting into it; her loud slurps and sucking sounds almost drowned out Becky's moans. By now, she had stopped looking to me for approval. She was totally in lust for this woman. I felt a little jealous, but aroused at the same time.

Becky was thrusting her big pussy against Tami's opened mouth as she came hard. I wanted to join them, and started for the bed, but Becky straight-armed me. She glared at me, and I went back to my chair dejected. I felt like a piece of furniture.

This butch became more aggressive, and went down on Tami again—this time fingering her ass at the same time—something I had always refused to do. Tami squirmed, but lit up again and seemed to have an even stronger orgasm this time around. Her body convulsed, arching upwardly as the orgasm reached its peak. She looked into Becky's eyes with lust and submission. It was a look I used to get from her, when we used to play "master and slave" sex games.

They got into a sixty-nine position; I must have drooled as they ate each other out. This was my fantasy beyond all fantasies. I jacked off again, and fell asleep.

When I awoke, the room was quiet. I cleared my eyes and saw the bed was empty. I expected to find them in the living room, but they had gone. I felt alone and angry. Where the hell were they? And no note? I got dressed and headed out into the rainy night in search of my wife. Where they at a bar or maybe Becky's place having sex? I think I might have made a terrible mistake.

To Be Continued...