 Power Players of Crimson Valley: The Lesbian Maker Part One: Butt of the Joke

"The Lesbian Maker? Really?" Heidi said to her partner with raised eyebrow.

"Yeah, she's the new crime boss that's moved into Crimson Valley. Vice says she's based in The Rose's Thorn." Camila responded in a matter of fact tone.

"I mean it makes sense being stationed out of a gay bar, but it still sounds like a porno parody super villain." Sighed Heidi.

"I guess, but with all the major gangs around here being mainly run by women she's been getting rid of the competition at an alarming rate." Camila raised a folder from her desk and tossed it to Heidi.

"Getting rid of?" Heidi flipped open the folder and brushed her auburn hair out of her eyes. "That's impossible! We've been trying to take down the Busters for years and some 'Lesbian Maker' is making more headway then us?"

"The Busters are gone." Camila said flatly and let it hang.

"What the fuck? How?!" Heidi's fist smashed into the desk.

"She got them, all of their senior members are hers now. The lower flunkies ran from town. It's all in that report from Adams in Vice. She's undercover in The Rose's Thorn." Again Camila knew the weight of what she said and seemed in shock herself.

"They joined her? Holy shit, is this the start of some fucked up Crimson Valley crime family?"

"Kind of, but also not really. They didn't really join her from Adams reports, they all just showed up in pink jumpsuits-"

"-Bullshit, the Busters don't know any colors other then black! It's their fucking gimmick!" Heidi interrupted.

"Yeah, well they did and they were greeted by The Lesbian Maker who said she was glad they had become more 'agreeable' and even slapped a few of the tougher looking ones on the ass as a joke. Crazy thing is, we know The Busters, sure some of them might be lesbians or bi, but a lot of the ones in the photos are ones we KNOW are married or dating guys. They just seemed to throw all that away and joined in on some crazy lesbian orgy in the back room if that recording is legit. That's why they call her The Lesbian Maker, she can get any chick on her knees seemingly worshipping her and in a town run by women that makes her our biggest threat."

"Fuck me!" Heidi said in a hushed voice finally comprehending the full situation.

"Be carful or she might just do that to you." The two women glanced at each other and broke out laughing; the tension in the room had finally been broken.

"Nice, real nice Camila. Don't you have a plane to catch?"

"You're right, vacation calls. When I get back I'll hit the ground running on our new super villain. You doing anything with Max tonight?" Camila asked while gathering her things.

"No, he's out with his friends camping. I'm thinking about maybe doing some wedding planning, but I'll most likely end up just watching Netflix."

"Well have fun, and don't go getting into trouble!" Camila shouted out running down the hallway to catch the elevator. Heidi rolled her eyes and got back to work, it was late but it wasn't like she had anyone she had to make it back home to.

The whole case was a mess, all these gang leaders becoming submissive to some new woman from out of town. These were tough as nail women who beat you to a pulp for looking at them the wrong way and now they were getting play fully spanked in a lesbian bar? Hell, one photo showed Catherine Carter, the leader of The Spades, sitting on The Lesbian Maker's lap. Catherine was exploding in orgasm all while The Lesbian Maker seemed to give her a handjob, which she look incredibly bored to be doing. What made it weirder was the Catherine was in a happy marriage with Kyle Carter, one of the partners at the biggest law firm in the city. They had two kids together and their devotion to each other was a well know fact, their partnership is what got The Spades out of so many legal jams. Heidi was staring at this file so intensely that she jumped when her desk phone rang.

"Heidi Bernard, Gang Crimes Unit. How may I help?"

"Oh, Detective Bernard! This is Victoria Adams from vice; I was hoping to speak to Detective Salinas. Is she around?" The voice sounded kind of timid, but Adams was supposed to be under cover, so she was probably just keeping a low profile.

"I'm sorry you just missed her and she'll be out for the next week. Can I help you with anything?"

"Did she give you the file I had made on The Lesbian Maker?"

"Yes."

"Then maybe you can help me. Word is The Lesbian Maker is going to make some big speech tonight at The Rose's Thorn tonight and I wanted a cop in the crowd in case she slips up and we can make an arrest. I can't afford to blow my cover."

"I don't know, shouldn't we talk to some of the higher-"

"-There's no time! This is going down soon and if we pull this off we get the city's biggest threat off the street before any real harm is done." Adams seemed slightly frantic, but she had a point.

"Fine, I'll head over there now." Heidi hung up and sighed. She leaned back in her chair, she had just wanted to go home get out of her khakis and veg out but now she was going on some ill-conceived stakeout. She holstered her gun and got her stuff together, deep down she felt this was going to be a lot of nothing. There was no way that some crime boss wannabe was going to spill her guts this early into the game, but Adams seeing her might calm the girl down.

An hour later Heidi was parking her car in the shadow of The Rose's Thorns massive neon sign and she could feel the thud of the base even in her car. Heidi's eyes took a few seconds to adjust to the red and pink lights inside the bar, but she soon found her target, the bartender.

"Just a coke please." Heidi had to at least make it look like she was an average customer even if she couldn't drink, so she tossed the bar tender a five, grabbed her drink, and crept to the wall to survey everything. After a half an hour she realized how pointless this was, and slammed down the remainder of her drink and prepared to walk out of this failed venture. Suddenly the lights went out and the music stopped, the room fell silent. Then a spotlight erupted on a makeshift stage and there she was, The Lesbian Maker. She was wearing her white normal white jumpsuit, it covered her whole body minus her head and the part she had clearly not zipped up in the front to show off some generous cleavage. Her long blond hair seemed to flow all the way down her back. The part that had really grabbed Heidi's attention was how young she looked, Heidi was young at 29 and there was no way this woman was a day older then her.

"Welcome everyone, I'm so glad so many of you beautiful women made it out tonight!" She winked at the crowed and formed a heart with her hands. Heidi was amazed that a women this cutsie had supposedly taken down The Busters and The Spades, she'd have been run out of town in an hour if she made an attempt. "Well that's it from me, have a great night everyone!"

With that she turned and ran into the back room. 'Fuckin' Adams' if she wasn't under cover she would so tell her off, but at least she'd get home early. It was then that Heidi noticed the feeling spreading through her body. It was like when she went on painkillers after getting her wisdom teeth removed. She felt like she was floating in water, her limbs becoming weightless. 'How? This was just a freaking soda.' She knew she needed to get to the bathroom to get some water on her face. Heidi stumbled towards the bathroom, lazily tossing her glass on some table and ignored the table's occupants yells at her to get her life together. After what felt like hours she had finally made it into the bathroom, in the back of her head a red flag went off when she was alone in a crowded bars women's bathroom, but her body was beyond caring at that point. The cold water helped ground her slightly but she knew it was still getting worse. After blinking a few times she noticed in the reflection of the mirror a stall door swing open and Adams walked out.

"You really shouldn't have drank it all so fast, it's meant to be a slow burn." Adams said while walking up behind Heidi.

"Wuh-" Heidi could barely open her mouth and that sound was the best she could do.

"Don't worry, everything will be taken care of from this point on. Just don't upset the Mistress or things might go badly." Adams in one quick motion scooped Heidi up and slung her over her shoulders. Then the world went dark.

Heidi awoke in a chair and after a few seconds realized she was tied down by the wrist and ankles, at the very least she was comforted when she realized she was still completely clothed. As Heidi's mind came back to reality something felt off, her brain felt like it might have had memories and feelings that she couldn't recognize. She surveyed the room the calming soft pink lights made her think she might still be in the bar. She noticed that there was a large bed as the center piece to the room.

"Heidi Bernard, right?" Heidi's jaw dropped when she found the voiced origin. Standing besides her still clad in her catsuit was The Lesbian Maker. All she could do in her shocked state was nod her head yes. "Honey, you don't have a gag, you could just say no. I'm sorry to tell you this, but there's been a horrible mix-"

"Why have you-" Heidi abruptly interrupted her.

"If you ever interrupt me again you will regret it for the rest of your life." The Lesbian Maker's eyes narrowed and her tone darkened, but then she relaxed and smiled. "You see I needed to have a little chat with one Miss Camila Salinas, but my stupid slave got the wrong girl. Don't worry she will be punished for her mistake, but we have to roll with the punches as they come. So, first off I want you to watch a little demonstration of what I'm capable of. Vicky, get you slutty ass in here!" The Lesbian Makers tone darkened again and she seemed to be barking towards the door which immediately swing open on her command with Detective Adams ushering herself in.

"Yes Mistress!" Adams tone was incredibly docile; she seemed to both respect and fear this woman.

"On your knees!" The Lesbian Maker shot Victoria a look of disgust.

"Yes Mistress." Then the 7 year veteran of the vice department got on her knees at the foot of this woman.

"When did I figure you out?"

"Two days ago."

"And had you ever had sex with a woman before then?" Detective Adams blushed at this question.

"I've been straight all my life."

"And since two days ago how many times have you been with a woman?" Adams turned even redder and bowed her head.

"Whenever you've wanted Mistress!"

"And what acts have you done so far with a woman?"

"Well, when you found out I was spying on you, you spanked me for the entire night, then you made me eat you out, then-"

"She gets the point Vicky. So I guess you're gay and just coming out now, right?" The Lesbian Maker asked, but she already seemed to know the answer.

"No I'm straight."

"Then why have you gone on a two day lesbian sex spree?"

"Well... You told me too."

"Thanks Vicky that will be all." As Victoria got up The Lesbian Maker landed a quick and sharp slap on her ass. Adams squealed, but Heidi couldn't tell if it was out of pain, arousal, or both. "Never let an error like that happen again!"

Heidi stared wide eyed at the scene, and then as the door closed Heidi felt tears run down her cheek. She wanted to be strong, but the weight of the situation dawned on her. This was it for her, she was either going to die, or somehow, beyond all reason, become this woman's lesbian slave.

"Oh dear, don't cry. You'll make me feel bad." The Lesbian Maker leaned over and wiped the tears away.

"Please! I'm about to marry the man of my dreams, please just let me go. I didn't see anything I could arrest you for! Just some cop having a fling with you. I won't tell a soul!" Heidi's voice was frantic and the sobs were beginning to intensify.

"Heidi calm down. Breath!" The Lesbian Maker made an in and out rhythmic gesture at her diaphragm. "If you don't calm down you won't hear the good news, you're going to go home tonight and go back to your normal life for the most part. See I don't really prefer to take women with significant others. It's a hassle since some questions might arise. Hell it's the reason I had to leave my last city of operations. So, since you're not my real target I don't need to add that risk." Heidi sighed and bowed her head releasing all her stress. Then the realization hit her and her eyes shot back up. "Ah, you sure are cleaver; I mean you are a detective. Yeah, your partner is my real target. Single, in the gangs division, and a real cutie! Sorry, but she's going to be mine. I mean you're super cute to but we've already gone over this. So you'll go back to your everyday life and Camila will be my informant."

"But how will you know I won't-"

"I tell people to not to interrupt me, and then they go and do it. Looks like you're getting a punishment, but we'll talk about that later." Her voice had a playful jest to it, but her eyes could hardly contain her rage. "So while you were out I might have played with your mind a little bit. Test time! My name is Stacy. I give you permission to say it."

This task seemed crazy, but Heidi needed to stay on her good side so she brought the words to her lips, "Mistress." Heidi's mind reeled back in shock. It was like something was blocking out her ability to say the woman's name.

"It's so cute when you say it! See I made it so you can't discuss certain things. Like, look! Here's your phone, don't worry you already told me the code when I put you under. I'm gonna make a quick call to your boy-toy! Here we go! It's on speaker." She had grabbed Heidi's phone which apparently had been on a nearby night stand.

"Hello? Heidi? It's kinda late. Everything ok?" It was Max. Heidi had no idea why The Lesbian Maker was doing this but it might be a chance to fix this whole situation. She gathered her thoughts and built up energy to give Max enough information to rescue her.

"I'm fine just missed you." That wasn't what she wanted to say! She was going to scream her location beg for him to call the cops, not some dumb small talk.

"Yeah, with Camila out of town I shouldn't have ditched you, my bad! But I'll be home tomorrow night!" Ok she had it now. 'Back room at The Rose's Thorn! Send help NOW!' 

"Yeah, I'll be waiting. Maybe we can even stay up late a little, y'know." The Lesbian Maker started giggling and had to cover her mouth.

"I love you Heidi, I'll see you later." This time Heidi was just going to scream.

"Love you too Max." The Lesbian Maker clicked the phone off.

"I'm sure that probably got the point across. I mean I don't know if you we're trying to resist or not, but I mean who cares? You're gonna find I programmed a lot of stuff like that. Nothing to change your personality or anything, you're going home all intact, just unable to talk about your experiences here. Also I totally didn't make you tell your guy you were gonna jump his bones. You're a total slut! I love it!" The Lesbian Maker reached out and booped Heidi on the nose.

"So I can leave now?" Heidi was confuse and just wanted this night to be over.

"Well I was going to just let you go at this point, but then you had to go and be naughty. So you're gonna need some punishment!" The Lesbian Maker did a quick jump up and down and clapped her hands. She seemed to be ecstatic about this but all Heidi felt was dread. "So I'm thinking-"

"Please, just let me go! You know I can't-" The Lesbian Makers face darted to right in front of hers, their eyes only inches apart.

"Are you kidding me? You got yourself into this by interrupting me and then you go and do it again? Wow! So I was going to say you were in for a night of spankings, that's kinda my go to, but now we're going to do a bit more. I'm sorry Heidi, but this really is your fault if you think about it." The Lesbian Maker quickly undid the ropes keeping Heidi to the chair. "Get up Cutie! We're going to do a little inspection of the goods, if you get my point." She winked and bit her tongue at Heidi, who in turn rose and stood at attention. "Wow! I mean your breasts are on the small side, but still like super cute! What bra size are you?" Thankfully she let Heidi keep her clothes on instead of just ripping them off to find out.

"I'm a B-cup Mistress." Heidi didn't mean to call her that, she wasn't sure what she was going to call her but mistress was the only word her vocal cords would make.

"Cute! Huh?" The Lesbian Maker had side stepped Heidi and was now behind her. "Damn girl! I hadn't noticed, but you got a shelf back here! I can totally work with this!" Even through her khakis Heidi felt The Lesbian Maker groping her ass. "All right girlfriend, get on the bed. I want you on your hands and knees arching your back, that ripe peach better be front and center."

Terrified of angering the woman further Heidi quickly assumed the position. She could hear The Lesbian Maker walking around behind her. She craned he neck around to see that The Lesbian Maker had opened a hidden cabinet that seemed to only hold an ancient looking jar and some strange looking tools.

"Uh-uh, front and forward Heidi. I don't want you ruining a surprise." Heidi's head shot forward, she couldn't afford to make this worse than it already was. "Good job, you listened. A little late, but hey, better late than never. So we're gonna start with a spanking. Now everytime I slap that fat ass of yours you're going to say 'Thank you Mistress, my slutty ass needed this!' Got that?" Heidi didn't say anything. "Silly pants, you can talk now!"

"I understand Mistress."

"Good." The Lesbian Maker walked up behind Heidi, she could feel her presence looming over her. The Lesbian Maker grabbed at Heidi's pants and slowly peeled them down to her knees. "Aw! Polka dot panties! So cute! Man, I now kinda wish I was making you into a slave, but a promise is a promise. Now onto the show." Heidi could then feel her panties slowly being pulled down to her knees to join her pants. "Wowza! I totally made the right choice here, if I do say so myself. Now, one last thing." Heidi heard The Lesbian Maker shuffle around behind her and then she heard a small clang. Heidi realized it must be that strange jar she saw earlier. Before she could think any more about it she felt The Lesbian Makers Hands smearing a greasy substance on her ass cheeks. "Almost done. Just think of this part as a massage." Once The Lesbian Maker seemed to apply enough of the grease she began aggressively kneading it all over her ass cheeks. Heidi bowed her head and felt her cheeks burn, never in her entire life had she felt this embarrassed. The Lesbian Maker kept kneading her ass for several minutes, then gently squeezed. "Ok Cutie-Booty, here it comes. For being such an ignorant bitch I think we'll do... I don't know... Ten spanks! That sounds good!"

SMACK!

"Thank you Mistress, my slutty ass needed this!" As much as Heidi wished this was some kind of mind control trigger like everything else, she knew she was in control of saying this. The cute chuckles from behind her confirmed this. Tears welled up in her eyes, but she couldn't anger The Lesbian Maker any more. It was too dangerous.

SMACK!

"Thank you Mistress, my slutty ass needed this!"

"Heidi you're doing great, so I'm going to tell you a story."

SMACK!

"Thank you Mistress, my slutty ass needed this!"

"All the stuff I've done to your mind is just some hypnosis I've picked up over the years."

SMACK!

"Thank you Mistress, my slutty ass needed this!" Heidi tried to keep it together but the tears were flowing more now.

"See I was The Lesbian Maker way before I could do all of that."

SMACK!

"Thank you Mistress, my slutty ass needed this!"
