 When Jordan dropped me off at my apartment later that afternoon, my mind was spinning as I wondered what was going to happen next. Jordan had been very sweet after we'd made love, holding me for a long time while I cried. She was completely silent on the way home so I could figure things out on my own. 

As we pulled up to my building, she took my hands in hers and leaned over to gently kiss my forehead.

"Kate…" she began, her eyes filled with concern for me.

"Just… just give me time, Jordan, okay?" I pleaded as I squeezed her hands hard. She nodded, and I got out of the Jeep and headed up the stairs to my apartment.

I lived through the next week or so in a sort of daze, and to me it seemed that things surrounding me, which had been so familiar just a few days ago, were irrevocably changed. I went to work and taught my lessons as usual, but my mind was focused on the experience I'd had with Jordan. I couldn't stop thinking about how wonderful her hands and tongue had felt on me, and how much I enjoyed giving her pleasure. Remembering how she'd been so completely open and vulnerable to me made my stomach flip over, and I hugged myself as I shivered with both fear and anticipation. In spite of my doubts about the new direction my life was now taking, I made my decision: I couldn't wait to have Jordan naked in my arms again. 

One morning, about ten days or so after Jordan and I had made love, I stopped practicing and looked at the clock. I still had two hours before my afternoon lessons were to start, so I quickly stripped and stepped into the shower. The shower was one of the reasons I decided to rent this particular apartment: it was a huge walk-in, almost the size of a small closet, and it had several spray heads spread out at different levels along the walls. It was the greatest feeling to have firm spray hit me from all directions, especially after a long day of sitting at the piano. I had specially designed benches and massaging showerheads installed shortly after I moved in, and they were definitely worth the expense.

I could feel the tension draining out of me as I stood in the midst of the hot, pounding water. My muscles began to relax, and as I slowly rubbed fragrant soap over my body, I began to feel aroused. I ran my hands over my breasts, gasping slightly as my hands caressed my erect nipples. I slid my hands down my wet body and between my legs, where I could feel pulsing warmth. My knees nearly buckled as I touched myself, so I sat down on one of the benches and slowly began to touch myself with one hand while caressing my breasts with the other. 

"Ohhh, my god," I moaned as I slid my fingers between my legs and spread my lips open. As I started to rub my clit, I noticed one of the streams of water was aimed almost directly between my legs. I got up and adjusted the showerhead so the force of the water was hitting me directly, then sat down and spread my legs open. I held my pussy lips open wide, moaning with pleasure as the water pounded on my exposed clit. I held myself open with one hand while I pinched my erect nipples with the other, nearly swooning at the incredible sensations I was feeling. It didn't take long before I was writhing and moaning loudly, arching my back as the orgasm ripped through me and left me breathless. I sat there for a while, totally wrung out, before I was able to summon the energy to leave the shower and get ready to go to work.

After I finished my last lesson, I decided to stay at the store and do my practicing there instead of going all the way back home to wait by the phone, which is basically what I'd been doing lately. The piano I had in the music store was much better than the one I had at home anyway, and I knew I could trust the clerk on duty to handle sales until the store closed. I checked in with her to let her know I'd be in the studio practicing, then shut myself inside and picked through the stack of music I was working on. The performance for which I was preparing was coming up soon, and I needed to put a few finishing touches on the music I was planning to play. Soon I was totally lost in what I was playing and my mind was full of nothing but music.

I was startled when the click and whirr of a camera brought me out of my musical trance, and I looked over to see Jordan standing across the room, camera in hand, and my heart started to pound.

"I'm sorry, Kate, I didn't mean to interrupt you," she said sheepishly, standing as if she were frozen in place.

"It's okay," I said, trying to clear my head and swim back into the present. "I didn't hear you come in." 

"Your clerk said you'd be back here. She said to tell you she was closing up, and to remember to lock up when you leave," Jordan said. She remained standing across the room, rigid, almost as if she were afraid to move any closer. I turned around on the piano bench and leaned against the piano, looking at her.

"You can come in, if you want," I said.

"Um, okay," she replied, walking over to me hesitantly, looking anywhere but directly at me.

I laughed, then exclaimed, "Oh, for god's sake, Jordan, get over here!" 

I patted the bench next to me and she sat down, looking at the camera in her hands and fiddling with the controls. I ran one of my hands up and down her back, enjoying the texture of her sun-warmed shirt and the feel of her taut skin underneath. She looked over at me, startled.

"You're okay, then?" she asked, jolting me once again with the force of her shimmering green gaze.

"More than okay. I'll admit it took me a while to realize it, and I'm sorry for that, but I appreciate you giving me the time I needed. I've sure missed you, though."

She grinned, then slowly the grin faded. "Katie, are you sure?" she asked, frowning slightly. "I mean, you were pretty freaked out the last time I saw you. When I didn't hear from you, I was sure I had run you off."

"Really?" I asked. "Then why are you here?"

"I had to see you," she replied, taking a deep breath. "I guess I needed to know, one way or the other, how you felt and how you were doing. You can't imagine how hard it was for me to stay away this long. I wanted to come over to your place the night after we made love and try to talk to you, but I knew you needed time. As much as I hated waiting, I had to respect that."

I turned to face her, placing my hands on her shoulders and turning her so we sat face to face, our knees touching.

"I've given this a lot of thought, Jordan. Although there's a part of me that is still scared to death, there's another, more powerful part of me that wants nothing more than to be with you," I said, holding her hands.

She looked hard at me, probing me with those remarkable eyes, then took my face in her hands and kissed me. When our lips met, I felt as though my heart would explode. She scooted closer to me, tangling her hands in my hair as our kiss became more passionate. I could feel her tongue moving over my lips and probing inside my mouth, then our tongues danced together as we explored each other. Her mouth was on my neck, along my jaw, under my chin, before capturing my lips again and devouring me. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it would come right through my chest, and I could feel the wetness between my legs as Jordan licked and stroked my mouth with her tongue.

Shivering, we both pulled back and looked at each other, breathing hard as we recovered from our passionate kiss. I smiled and sighed, reaching out to touch Jordan's face lightly with my fingertips. She closed her eyes and let me touch her, then kissed my hands and stood up, wandering around the studio.

"So, this is where you teach, huh?" she asked, looking at the pictures and posters on the wall. She walked to my desk and picked up a framed picture of a younger me in a black concert suit holding a trophy.

"What's this?" she asked, showing me the picture.

I walked over to her and took the picture from her. "Oh, that's a trophy I got after winning a piano competition a few years ago."

She took the picture back and ran her fingers lightly over it, then set it back down.

"You're a great pianist, aren't you?" she asked, moving to stand closer to me. She leaned in and her cinnamon and vanilla scent flooded my senses. I started to take her in my arms, but she pushed my hands away and moved them to my side. Our lips were nearly touching, and she took one step closer so the tips of our breasts were touching. I couldn't take my eyes off of her parted lips, and I could feel her warm breath on my face.

"I suppose so," I whispered, moving slightly so I could feel her breasts rub against me. She was breathing a bit harder, and moved a little closer so more of our bodies came into contact with each other.

"You know, they say pianists have great hands," she breathed, gently flicking my lips with the tip of her tongue.

"It's true," I said, moving my mouth so it was close to her ear. I exhaled, lightly blowing into her ear, and felt her shiver. I nearly lost control then, but held on to myself with an iron grip.

Her tongue darted out again, then her mouth captured mine and she pressed her body full length into me, our nipples rubbing against each other. I moaned softly; I could tell she was not wearing a bra, and I suspected she was bare under her jeans as well. This thought nearly undid me, but I forced myself to pull away from her. She looked at me, startled.

"What's wrong, baby?" she asked, concern flooding her face.

"Nothing," I said casually. "I just thought you might want a private piano lesson while you're here."

She looked at me quizzically. I smiled at her and led her over to the piano.

"Sit here," I told her, guiding her to the bench. She sat down and faced the piano, hands on her thighs.

"Kate, I don't know…" she said, half turning toward me.

"Shhh… trust me," I said into her ear as I stood behind her and leaned into her back. "Put your hands on the keys."

She did as she was told, and I reached around her and placed my hands lightly on her wrists. 

"This is middle C," I said, showing her the first of three white keys in the center of the piano. She pushed the key down timidly.

"No, no, you've got to push it down hard to make it sound," I said, placing my hand over hers and showing her what I meant. She leaned back into my chest as I scooted her up on the bench and sat behind her, straddling her with my legs.

"Play something for me," I murmured into her ear, running my fingers lightly on the underside of her forearms. I felt her shiver again at my touch, then she started to randomly play notes as I continued to caress her and breathe softly into her ear. Her head fell back onto my shoulder, and as she gained more confidence in what she was doing, I took her breasts in my hands. I loved the feel of them, and I felt her body quiver as I rolled her erect nipples between my thumb and fingers.

"Keep playing," I whispered, then scooted myself closer to her and unbuttoned her shirt. I kissed the side of her neck as I spread her shirt open and pulled it down off her shoulders, then took her bare breasts in my hands and lightly bit into her bare shoulder.

"Oh, Katie…oh, yes, that feels so good," she sighed, pressing back into me. Her hair covered my face as she tossed her head back and forth. I slid one hand down over her tight stomach while I caressed her nipples with the other, then slowly unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. She took her hands off the piano and turned toward me, meeting my mouth with hers, and we kissed deeply. I slid my hand down inside her open jeans and could feel warmth there, probing deeper until I found her slit. She gasped and arched her back, spreading her legs and kissing me harder as my fingers slid down into her wetness. I kept one arm around her back to support her as she leaned back and kept kissing me, sucking on my mouth and tongue in time with my stroking her throbbing clit. 

She lifted her hips so I could help her slide her jeans off. She was nearly naked before me, her jeans on the floor and her shirt open wide, allowing me full access to her beautiful body. I held her and kissed her deeply, then reached down with my other hand and slid two fingers into her while stroking her clit with my thumb. Her body was moving in rhythm with my stroking, and she threw her head back and gasped loudly as I lowered my mouth to her nipple and began sucking and licking it.

"Katie…Katie," she gasped, holding my head tighter to her breast as I took her nipple between my teeth. "Ahhh…yes, Katie…yessss…"

My body was responding to the noises she was making and the way her body felt under my hands and lips, but I had been waiting to do this to her since the day we'd parted. I could tell she was close to orgasm by the way her pussy was tightening around my fingers and the way her muscles were tensing. I lifted my mouth from her nipple and, still sliding my fingers in and out of her while rubbing her clit, I looked into her eyes to watch as she climaxed. She rode my hand, hips bucking, and took my head in her hands as she started to come. Her eyes widened and I could see the cords in her neck stand out as she gasped, then suddenly her entire body went rigid and I felt the walls of her pussy contract around my fingers as she came hard. 

"Don't stop yet," she gasped as she felt my rhythm slowing down. "Keep rubbing my clit, I'm not finished."

I spread her pussy lips open and stroked her clit with my middle finger, watching her as she started to come again. She held me tightly, burying her face in my neck and muffling her cried against me as she came a second time, her whole body shuddering as her orgasm washed through her. She relaxed, twitching against me, as I held her close and kissed her hair. Finally, she let out a deep breath and looked up at me.

"Well, you look mighty pleased with yourself, Missy," she said, trying to catch her breath.

"You have NO idea how much I've been wanting to do that to you," I replied, brushing the sweaty hair off her forehead and kissing her gently.

"Well…now what?" she asked, closing her eyes and snuggling into me.

"I want to go home. I want to bring you home with me and make love with you all night. How does that sound?"

Jordan looked up at me and smiled slowly, a smile that reached deep into my heart and made my stomach tingle.

"Take me home, Katie," she said.

To be continued...