 I was putting my coat down on the bed where Helen told me to leave it when a woman entered without a coat in her hands. She stared at me and made me slightly uneasy as I let my coat drop on top of the others of the pile. She stood leaning against the door frame, a glass of wine in her hand as I saw her eyes travel down to my legs and back up slowly to my face. I was wearing a rather tight black dress that always made me feel sensational. It stopped just above my knees, giving it a rather conservative look except for my cleavage peaking out the top of the square cut neckline. I didn't know what to do or say while I saw her staring at me, so I just swallowed hard and pretended I didn't notice. For some reason, I felt a shiver down my spine, causing my clit to throb gently. I shifted my weight and ignored it, looking back at her.

"Sorry, am I in your way?" I asked, stepping away from the bed. The room was really small, and I figured she was trying to get by me. Well, that's what I told myself. As I looked to her I noticed she was very attractive in her dress pants and her soft blue blouse. I smiled inwardly, admiring her beauty before I snapped out of it. I don't find women attractive. What am I doing? All of this coursed through my mind before she answered me, sipping her wine.

"No, not at all." She said, grinning into the glass as she remained leaning against the door frame. Her confident posture made me nervous, wondering what was happening right now and why I was letting her intimidate me. I am usually a very strong and confident person myself, but for some reason, I was letting this woman get the better of me.

Finally frustrated with myself, I walked up to her slowly. "Can I just umm-" I started, trying to make my exit, before she interrupted me.

"How's your evening?" She asked, resting the wine glass down on the dresser nearest to her hand. She completely ignored my attempt at leaving the situation behind. I just blinked and felt my mouth part, trying to say something, but unsure of what would be the right thing to say in a situation like this. Anything, I told myself. Just say something you fool!

"Great," I said generically, crossing my arms across my chest like she had been doing. She smiled at this and I saw her eyes travel down my body again, finally coming back up to rest on my chest, even more enticing as I had accidentally been pushing them further out. I took my hands away and looked to the closet in embarrassment at the situation. Just leave! I told myself, angry that I didn't just push her out of the way. I wondered why I let my own eyes search her outfit. That's all it was, I liked her outfit. But one can't help but notice what a woman looks like, and I did. She was about 5'8" I would say, because she was about two inches taller than myself. Maybe that's what was intimidating me. No, that wasn't it. She was really beautiful and slim, not skinny but slim. Her breasts were at least a C cup and her body was curvy the way a woman's body should be. Her body shape reminded me of my own, and before I could even remind myself that I am definitely not attracted to women, she interrupted my thoughts again. 

Without me noticing, she had taken a few steps forward. "So, do you always wear something this sexy on a Saturday night?" She smiled, moving in even closer.

"W-what?" I asked, taking a step back.

"You're a tease, aren't you?" She asked with all the confidence in the world. I melted under her words.

"No," I managed to say, my eyes growing wider as I kept stepping back, feeling her fast approaching.

Suddenly I felt myself hit something behind me, and I looked down to the side to see it was another dresser, a beautiful maple wood. It was at about my hip level, I noticed. Without warning, I heard her speaking to me again, her hands on either side of my hips. I felt trapped.

"Are you scared?" She whispered into my ear, her body just barely pressing against mine. I felt my nipples harden, and this time I didn't bother to reassure myself I wasn't aroused.

"Yes," I whispered back, bowing my head involuntarily as a wave of shame washed over me. Why was I letting her do this to me? Did I want this? No, I'm not into this sort of thing.

I heard her swallow hard as she moved her lips in closer to mine. I watched her close in and I did nothing to stop it. I wasn't even thinking anything or screaming at myself to stop. Everything hushed around me and I felt her lips press against mine, soft and smooth. I closed my eyes and allowed her to continue. Slowly she pulled away, grinning again as she finally pressed her body against mine. I felt the heat of her body against the fabric of my dress and I couldn't help but let a sigh escape.

"What do you think?" She asked with an arch of her eyebrow, her lips so close to mine I could swear she was leaning in for another kiss, but she didn't. She just waited for my response. My eyes were still closed and before I even got a word out, I felt her hand move down my dress and add pressure between my legs over the fabric.

"No no no no," I said, sucking in a breath as I spoke, shaking my head with my hands behind me on the dresser for support when she kissed me.

"No?" She asked, looking at my lips as she spoke. Her hand ran down my leg, only to run up my thigh, slowly hiking my dress up in the meanwhile.

I shook my head again, my whole body trembling. "No, I can't."

She pushed her leg in between my legs as she slid her hand up further, finding the fabric of my black lacy panties. She smiled as I dropped my head. What on earth was I doing? Why was I letting her touch me? What had come over me? All of these questions left unanswered as I felt her finger slowly caress me through the material. My legs shook and I parted my thighs slightly upon instinct. She chuckled as she saw this.

"You're enjoying this, aren't you?"

I didnt' know what to say. "No," I breathed, my eyes closed before I finally snapped back to reality and brought my legs together again. I looked up at her and she looked to me, each of us speaking in silence. I felt her piercing eyes and I knew what she wanted.

"Spread your legs," she commanded, watching me look up to her with uncertainty of my answer. Just those words had turned me on so much I didn't know what to do with myself. Never before had I heard those words like that, with such intensity. 

"No." She saw me shiver and therefore realized my weakness for the way she spoke to me.

"Yes," she demanded quietly but firmly, invading my personal space completely as her arms surrounded me again and I felt trapped. I could tell that she was getting off on telling me what to do, and it made me really hot too. I don't know why.

She slowly moved her hand up to my chest and started cupping one of my breasts, grazing her thumb over the exposed skin while she kept eye contact. As she did this, she moved her other hand slowly under my dress again.

"Spread those legs for me," she ordered, and I gasped involuntarily. Damn, she knew it was turning me on. I wished it wouldn't, but I couldn't deny it to myself. She watched me close my eyes, listening to her every word. She repeated it, watching my lips tremble. "Spread. Your. Legs."

I slowly obliged and separated my legs about a foot apart. I scorned myself inwardly for listening to her, but I felt like she had taken all of my control already. Who was this woman and how was she doing this to me?

"Mmm I think you can do better than that," she chuckled, running her hand all the way up between my legs without reaching her destination. She traced her finger along my inner thighs, only inches away from my whet, desperate center. I sighed again with my eyes closed, feeling the breath escape me. I wanted more. As surprising as it was, I wanted more of this, but at the same time, I was reminded that this was an open room at a party. Granted it was upstairs, but anyone could walk in at anytime and see me offering myself to this strange woman.

"I can't ..." I started, slightly moving my hips subconsciously, trying to touch her fingers to my body. She felt this small motion and chuckled again. "What if someone walks in?" The next thing I knew, I felt her arms turning me around and her hand pressing gently down on my lower back. I could feel myself bending over the dresser as I looked to the side with no luck of seeing anything she was doing. I tried to get back up but she held my back and lifted my dress up, revealing my legs and panties. I shook as I felt her hand slide my dress up over my ass.

"No," I whimpered, "Please."

"Well, if someone should walk in, this wouldn't look very good would it?" She teased, standing beside me facing the door. I realized I could have easily gotten up but felt somehow compelled to do as she said. I felt myself blush the deepest shade of red, feeling her hands over my ass, massaging it gently. I waited, biting my lower lip before she spoke again.

"Up." She instructed, pulling my dress back down as she held my wrist in her hand and pulled me out of the room.

"What are you-"

"Shh ..." she whispered, pulling me down the hall to what looked to be a guest room. This room was even further from the stairs and effectively hidden in the darkness of the hall. Once she pulled me in she looked back up at me. "You have one chance to leave. If you don't take it, I'll assume you're alright with this little scenario, and we'll move on." She grinned, holding the door opened as I stood in my place. "Well?"

"I ... I don't even know who you are ..." I pointed out to myself, squirming nervously under her prominent gaze.

"I'm Megan," she started, smiling as her eyes met mine, "And you are?"

I kept still, keeping eye contact with her while she waited for me to make up my mind. The thoughts were racing through my head. Did I want this? She's a woman! Did that matter? Did that make it more enticing? "Alison," I said, wondering what she would want from me as I cast my eyes to the floor beside the bed in embarrassment of feeling so excited with her power over me.

I heard her shut the door, lock it, and walk over to me. I looked up into her eyes and saw a fiery passion there, gazing back at me, uncertain but obviously turned on. I kept contact with her eyes as I saw her fingers work to undo the first two buttons of her blouse. I looked down her shirt with short breaths, seeing beautiful cleavage before my eyes, her blouse flowing over her breasts with a black bra underneath.

"Did I say you could look?" She grinned, knowing I had no idea what she meant. I gave her a look of confusion, pulling my eyes quickly from her chest. "You're new to this, aren't you?"

My eyes widened. Did I know what she was talking about? Did I want to know? I was too confused to answer.

"Well that's just fine with me," she smiled, walking toward the bed with me so that I was walking backwards. I almost stumbled a couple of times, feeling her hands on my waist keeping me up before I felt the bed against the back of my knees.

"Sit," Her voice demanded. I obliged quickly, almost as she spoke the word. She smiled down at my obedience. She looked down at me, her eyes traveling over my body again before she took a seat beside me and patted her lap. I looked over to her with widened eyes. What did she want me to do? Sit in her lap?

"Come straddle me," she instructed very boldly and I felt another tingle. I seemed to like her orders, I liked fulfilling them.

I nodded my head and sheepishly got onto my knees, swinging one leg over her lap to sit facing her, completely opened to her. Suddenly I felt how opened I really was with my legs spread on either side of hers. I swallowed hard as I watched her hands caressing my legs, reaching the hem of my dress.

She smiled, running one hand up my thigh to my panties again. I gasped, feeling her finger through the material again. I didn't know how to explain it, but I had never felt that way before. She knew exactly what to do to turn me on, and there was no denying it.