 I like working the late nights at the library, it's quiet and there are fewer and more interesting people. Most nights it's students trying to cramming information into their brains for a test the next morning, or desperately working on an essay that needs to be turned in by midnight. Although some nights the people are much more interesting, and tonight is one of those nights. There's usually a group of people who come in about now and sit and work quietly on their laptops together, a sweet looking computer geeky guy, a young lady who seems to be some sort of theater major or something, always working on plays, or researching new scripts, and this really interesting kind of butch-y looking chick who I catch looking my way just a bit more often than she really should. 

I always wonder if she's interested in women or not, she sure looks like your typical dyke, but she always seems to come in with the same guy. You can never really judge people just by their looks anyway, and she plays it cool when she does check people out, but she's always watching people whenever she's in, like they interest her in some way beyond just being other students. I watch them too, but because I'm walking around so much they don't notice me watching them like I notice her watching me, They do appear to be just really good friends, and she does check out the other women that come in, but in a very sly, yet confidant way. Always watching nonetheless, almost like a wolf keeping an eye out for prey.

Tonight though, she's alone. She's working on the computer, yet texting someone on her phone at the same time, I wonder if she's going to make plans with her friends and leave soon, or stay until closing time. I was in an unusually girlie mood when I got ready for work tonight, probably a result of not having gotten any sex in months, I haven't really had anybody interesting to be with and in an offhand way I suppose I've been looking for a new toy. Maybe that kind of influenced why I dressed the way I did tonight. I wore my nice hip-hugging black office skirt and a tight little blouse with the top button undone tonight. Black nylons and a little bit of makeup and some sexy, yet comfortable heels and I put my hair up. I never think it looks good up, but many people comment when I put it up, and I know it really shows off my long, pale neck. I guess some people find that really alluring. 

There are very few people in here tonight and as I move around the room doing my tasks I can see her watching me. She tries to be cool about it, but I can see the hint of interest and desire on her face and in the way she watches me. I move around, back into her field of view and 'drop' a book so that I can bend over to pick it up, of course making a point to be facing away with my nicely outlined ass aligned straight to her eyes, and to bend from the waist so that it really shows off my legs and firm butt. I retrieve the book and get it re-shelved and glance her direction as she quickly looks back at her phone, smiling to herself, or perhaps at a text. Or is it at me? I'll have to try something else before I can figure it out, but for right now there are still too many people in here so I go back to the check-out desk. 

The cool thing about being up here though is that since there are several computers I can adjust one of the unused monitors so that I can watch her in the reflection from where I sit. Whenever she thinks I'm busy I can see her watching me intently. Occasionally I catch her and smile at her but she tries to look all cool and pretend she wasn't looking at me, but I can see her and she doesn't know that. 

My feet are getting tired of the heels, so I pull up one of the high stools we have behind the desk and slide myself onto it, crossing my legs high enough that I know she can see plenty of leg and just a peek of thigh as my skirt slides up when I sit like this. Then I just sit back, look busy, and enjoy watching her gaze at my longs legs. Doesn't take long at all for her to notice either, and her mood has shifted, she's no longer checking her phone, and has shut the laptop. I hope that doesn't mean she's leaving though because the library closes in about 20 minutes and I'm kind of hoping she's still here at close, no one has shown this kind of genuine interest in me in a long time. I watch her, reflected in the spare monitor, watching me for a bit and yes, she's definitely got some sort of interest in me. She's just kind of sitting there contentedly, watching me work and smiling in that sly, confidant way I've seen so many times before. I have no idea still if her interest is just friendly, or if indeed she might be bi or gay and actually interested in me that way. I guess I'll have to do a bit more 'research' then won't I?

I grab some books to re-shelved and move off to through the rows of shelves; I can feel her eyes on me as I go. Once I'm back where she can't see me I undo one more button on the blouse, exposing my fair breasts just a bit more and readjust the girls so that my cleavage is more evident thorough the open blouse top. I move back into her sight and file some books onto a random shelve, I'll have to retrieve them tomorrow and put them where they really go, but hearing her suck in her breath when I bent down to reach the bottom shelve was worth it. Not so cool and sly now is she? I glance over her way and smile again as I move away, and this time she smiles back and tips her hat just a bit as if to say 'how you doing lady'. It's a sweet gesture, coy, yet still showing interest and respect all at the same time. I like it, and smile to myself as I finish putting the rest of the books away. Maybe this will turn into some fun after all. 

As I move back up to the desk I notice that there are very few people left in the building now, and I glance at the clock above me desk. Ten minutes to closing time. Usually I announce that over the speaker system, but tonight I think I just may go remind people in person. I wander over to one of the remaining table of students and let them know and they promptly pack up their laptops and books and move to the doors, talking quietly amongst themselves as they go. 

I move over towards Ms Sly Dykes table and she looks up as I get near, should I lean over from the far side so she can see my slightly exposed breasts, or go to her side? I decide to come in from the side, and lean over just a bit as I speak to her, placing one hand on the table to steady myself, she looks up at me as I do. "Library's closing soon hon, if you're still here when I lock the doors you'll get put to work." 

She smiles sweetly and says "As you wish." and continues to smile. 

I recognize the line from 'Princess Bride' and smile back, "I'm serious though, if you stay there are plenty of things that need doing before I can get out of here and grab a beer or something, and I really need that beer." 

As I straighten back up she touches my hand lightly, smiles that coy, confidant smile that I recognize so well, and quietly says it again "As you wish". 

I almost dash over to the last table to let them know and they see me coming, nod at me, and begin wordlessly putting their notes away and place their books back on the cart for me to re-shelf. I wonder if she saw the skip in my step as I went. I smile at the idea of maybe having some extra help (and possibly some fun) and push the cart back up to the front. Grabbing the keys from the desk I make a point to look at the clock and wave them in her direction as I head for the back of the room to make sure everyone is out. She's put her stuff away, but has made no move to leave, just sitting contentedly, hands crossed over her ample chest, watching me as I go about the closing up routine. 

My mind wanders to thoughts of that ample chest, gloriously large breasts that look like they could use my kind of loving, just a bit rough, a bit in control, but still gentle enough so as not to be the way that men often are with girls. Mmm, but I must finish my last check for people before I can even go back up and see if she stayed. I hurry along the back wall, peeking through the rows of bookshelves to see if I can spot her still sitting there. My heart plunges as I notice the table is now empty and I pout just a little in defeat, oh well, it will be a well-deserved beer tonight and then another night home alone with my personal toys then. I swing out to the side hall to quickly check the restrooms and then continue up towards the front desks. I'm moving slower and have my head down in defeat and almost crash into a body right in front of the shelving cart! A firm hand reaches to steady me, and a low but sultry voice asks "You alright darling?" 

I look up and she's there, smiling at me. "You said if I stayed you'd put me to work, that offer still good?" 

I swallow hard and quickly grab some books from the cart, "Sure, you know what you're doing, or would you like me to show you?" I ask.

"I know, but I'd rather stick by you" she says with a smile, taking the books from my hand and lightly touching my arm again. 

"My name's JaamE." I stammer. 

"I know" she replies, with that cool grin, "I've been watching you for quite a while." 

I step back to size her up and she does the same to me, glancing down the length of my body to my silky legs and back up to my nervous smile. "My name's Anne, and I don't bite" she says, and moves to start putting books back on the shelves. 

I grab a few myself and move beside her to do the same. "I know you've been watching me, but why?" I ask. 

She shrugs, "You interest me." and puts another book up. 

"Well you interest me too." I smile at her. "

I know." she says, and lightly touches my waist as she moves around me to put another book up. "I figured if I could help you get out of here sooner maybe we could share that beer and get to know each other a little, since it seems we've both been watching each other." 

"Ok, well, I have this cart and one more to do, and then I can go, I kind of kept ahead of it so I wouldn't have to stay long" I answer, and touch her lightly on the shoulder as I move away to grab the cart. 

"Cool." she says, and puts her hand over mine on the cart handle, "I know a quiet place where we can get a beer when we're done here, unless of course you'd rather stay." 

She smiles sweetly and moves just a bit closer, sliding her other hand around my waist. I look down shyly and then back up at her sly smile, letting my eyes linger just a moment on her beautiful lips. She takes that as an invitation and leans down towards me, drawing me closer. "May I kiss you?" she asks. 

"Oh hell yes" I think, as I lean in towards her and lower my lips to hers. For such a butch looking chick her kiss is so soft and gentle, with just the slight hint of heat as she nips at my lower lip with her own as she pulls away. She smiles up at me mischievously and moves away again to grab another book. I sigh and do the same, brushing my breasts against her back as I move towards the shelves. She stifles a gasp and instead just sighs.

We shelve books in silence for a few minutes, exchanging light touches and intriguing smiles as we work. "I liked that kiss." I finally say, and she nods knowingly. 

"I could tell." 

"Do I get another?" I ask. 

"As You Wish" she smiles, leaning her weight into me and gently pushing me against the tall shelf of books. Her hand slides around to lightly cup the curve of my ass through my skirt and her tongue darts lightly against my lips. I sigh and relax into her arms as the lovely sensations move through my body. My lips part of their own volition and her tongue moves in to tease my own. My body presses itself harder against hers and my own tongue answers back. She enjoys this for a few minutes, teasing me as much as I do her, and finally shifts her weight away from my body and leans back to look into my eyes and breathe gently on my wet lips. 

"We're never going to make that beer at this rate." she chuckles, and It's my turn to sigh. She lightly tosses an arm around my waist, and grabbing the cart with the other, starts to move towards the front of the library with me. Still smiling in that confidant way. 

We reach the front, with just a few books remaining in the cart and she pushes it around behind my desk "Let the morning shift deal with it." she says, and folds me into her arms for a soft, lingering hug. 

"Oh yeah?" I cock my eyebrow at her. 

"Yeah." she replies, tilting her lips up to mine again. Such sweet, sexy kisses. Soft and delicate, yet firm and commanding. She seems like a woman who is used to loving women, knowing what they want and desire, and taking enjoyment in giving it to them.  

"What about that beer, and getting to know each other better?" I ask during a break in the kisses. "We seem to be doing ok." she answers, smiling at me and leaning back to look me over again. "What do you want to know?" she asks. I love the look in her eyes, part adoration, part lust, part need. Just the mix that really turns me on. I smile back at her and look her up and down again. 

"I'm not sure any more." I answer, leaning down to brush my lips against hers again, "It seems like I've known you forever already." 

She smiles broadly and kisses me back, "I know what you mean." she says, "I feel a connection too." We stand in silence for a bit, forehead to forehead, just gazing into each others eyes. Finally she speaks, "So, you still want that beer, or you want to stay here a bit longer?" 

"I'm ok here now." I answer, "There are no surveillance cameras, in case you were wondering." I offer, cocking an eyebrow and enjoying the almost inaudible gasp and the long pause before she reacts.

In one swift move she wraps her arms around me, slides them down under the curve of my ass and deftly swoops me up and deposits me onto the check-out counter. Now it's my turn to gasp; only mine is obviously more audible, because she smiles broadly and slides her hand up under my skirt onto my thigh while leaning over to flick her tongue against my lips. 

"Is this ok?" she asks, as if I'd say no. But it's such a sweet thing, to ask my permission to touch me. 

"Mmmm." I mumble into her kiss and feel her smile against my lips, she kisses me lightly and smiles again as I try to lean into the kiss to deepen it. Slowly the hand inches closer, every time I move to deepen those hot kisses. It's killing me; I want her touch so badly. I swear she can sense that, because her hand stops just short of my lacy thong and she leans back to look me over again. I must look a sight, cheeks flushed, eyes half glazed and lips parted with longing. Leaning back slightly on my hands sitting the counter, I'm half under her spell already. 

"What do you want from me?" I ask, as she continues surveying me. 

"Well, I'm the kind of woman who likes to give more than receive most of the time, and I've wanted to give your body some loving for a long time. So why don't we start there and see what else evolves if you so desire? Otherwise I can stop now and just walk away, but with the way you smell and how much I already want you, I'm not sure I'd be able to walk away that easily after many more of these kisses." She licks her lips and keeps looking me over as I try and think with my lust-addled brain. 

"I really like your touch" I reply. 

"Do you want more of it?" She asks, breathing lightly on my neck. I shallow hard and nod, 

"Yes" I whisper, trying to lean forward again. 

A low growl escapes her throat and those powerful arms wrap around me yet again, deftly pulling me to the very edge of the counter top as those lips nip my neck with a hidden fierceness. One hand behind my waist, pulling me against her, the other back on my thigh, this time bared when the skirt rode up as she pulled me to the edge of the counter. Fingers brushing against my bush as she fumbles to try and hook her fingers into the band to remove them. It's my turn to make noise now, as I feel her still fumbling with them, her other hand slipping inside my blouse to roll my nipple between her adept fingers. Although I'm sure in my feeble attempt at being in control of my own body I'm sure it's half lady-like moan and half primal growl, very similar to her own.

Still holding me tightly around the waist she manages to get my breast out of the blouse and dips her head down to lick my throbbing nipple. I suck in my breath sharply and feel her smile. She pauses to glance up at me again and then slowly, with a lustful look on her face, lowers her gaze again and sucks it deep into her mouth, drawing hard on it while flicking her tongue across the tip. A gasp escapes my lips, and once again I can feel her smile. For now she seems to have forgotten about removing my thong, her fingers still hooked over the edge, but eyes glazed as she looks up at me from my breast, still tormenting my nipple with her tongue. 

She locks eyes with me and I can see the need, the sheer lust in her soul, the desire to have my fully and completely and to enjoy every minute of it. Shivers run the length of my whole body and my hips start moving closer to the edge of the counter, closer to her. She growls deep in her throat and goes right back to pleasuring my body with those lips. Everything feels so nice, so incredible. She's all I want right now. Everything I need, all wrapped up into one delicious woman. My movements and moans seem to pull her back from her daze and her eyes focus once again on me. 

"Do you want me?" she asks breathlessly. 

I swallow hard and nod. A finger flicks across one nipple as she asks, smiling. "Do you want all of me?" "Do you want me to lick you There?", her voice now husky with need. Eyes locked with mine, she asks again "Do you want me? You're going to need to say it before I'll move."

I try to put on a sly face but she flicks that tongue across my nipple again, briefly drawing it hard into her mouth and a shudder of pleasure slams through my body. I throw my head back and gasp loudly and the lips on my breast curl into that familiar smile. The hands however, slowly unbutton my blouse the rest of the way and untuck it from my skirt, the wolf-like gaze never leaves my face. The look on her face tells me she's serious about needing me to ask before she'll give me more but I'm trying to play it cool, trying hard to make her want me enough to bend that rule. The lips move to my other nipple now, one breast being suckled hard, the other being teased with those amazing fingertips. The fingers that I'd much rather have elsewhere. Why do I need to try and play hard-to-get now? It's so obvious to both of us what we want. More shockwaves of pleasure surge through my body, and I shift the weight off one hand and try to move hers from my breast back to the now-abandoned thong. She smiles, but resists, shaking her head at me and smiling with my nipple still firmly in her mouth. I frown and she nips my breast slightly, the jolt nearly knocks me off the counter. 

Once I regain my bearing I look down at her, giving me that Miss Sly Dyke smile again, just taking in my reaction and waiting. Still waiting. 

My breathing still ragged and face still flushed, I try again to move her hand and again she pushes my hand away. Only this time she leans back away from me, standing upright in front of me and looking me right in the eyes again. One hand on her hips, the other just ever so lightly caressing my lower back. I shut my eyes again, hoping she'll resume her ministrations but only the light stroking of my back continues. I open them again, still there's still a wolf looking for prey, waiting. 

"Please" I whisper. 

"Please what?" she asks me back, voice silky smooth and cool now. "What would my little Librarian like for me to check out tonight?" 

"Me?" I ask hopefully. 

She smiles. "I told you you'd have to ask me if you wanted more of me" she smirks. "Are you finally tired of waiting?" 
