 Patient readers: Thank you once again for your kind emails and encouragement. Here, finally, is the last chapter of the Kate Shaw series. I hope you like it.

*

Her body moved underneath me, hands tangled in my hair as I teased her clit with the tip of my tongue. I could hear her moaning, feel her hips thrusting up to me, could hear her begging me for more, but I kept pulling my head back so the tip of my tongue was barely touching her clit, flicking her lightly. Her back arched and her hands tightened in my hair, but I didn't stop teasing her. I had her pussy lips spread open wide with one hand, giving me complete access to her, and it was driving her crazy.

"Ohhhh my GOD, Kate..." she moaned loudly, her breath coming in harsh gasps as she worked to move her hips up to me, "Katie please, please, please," she begged.

I slid my tongue more firmly onto her clit, covering her from bottom to top with the strong flat of my tongue, and at the same time slid two fingers inside her warm wetness. The reaction of her body was incredible, and I could feel my own wetness along the insides of my legs as she cried aloud with pleasure. I moaned deep in my throat as I tasted her and slid my fingers in and out of her, my tongue now rapidly lapping at her hard wet clit. Her strong legs tightened against my shoulders as she began thrusting her hips up and down in rhythm with my fingers inside her, and my chin was soon covered in wetness from her warm pussy. 

I ate her with a fierceness that took me by surprise, my fingers sliding in deeper and deeper as I placed my mouth over her clit and devoured her. I wanted all of her, couldn't get enough of her, wanted to climb inside her and fuck her all night. She cried my name out loud as she came, her pussy sealed against my mouth as I sucked on her until she had to push me away. I laid my head on her leg and gently trailed my hand up and down the inside of her other leg as she gasped for breath, her arms and legs limp with exhaustion.

"Are you okay?" I asked, turning and lightly kissing the inside of her knee.

She shivered and jumped at the feel of my lips on her, then mumbled something inaudible.

"What?" I asked, laughing at her.

"I said, come up here, damn it," she replied, flopping one hand up and then back down again.

I grinned, sliding up next to her and putting my arm over her, resting my hand between her breasts. I could feel her heart racing, could see her pulse beating in the vein at the side of her neck. I kissed her shoulder and snuggled up next to her, reaching up to brush a lock of hair off her forehead. 

"You're all sweaty, love," I said, lifting my head and kissing her temple. 

"Mmmm," she mumbled, sighing deeply. "Well, you gave me quite a workout, what do you expect?"

I snuggled in closer, my hand sliding down her taut stomach and back up, raising goose bumps on her flesh. I noticed that her nipples were erect again, and I moved my hand to her right breast, lightly stroking, then gently rolling her nipple between my fingers.

"Kate, Jesus," she breathed, taking a hand and placing it over mine. 

"What?" I asked innocently. 

"Do you have any idea what you do to me?" she asked. "What you have ALWAYS done to me?"

I slid further down and began kissing the side of her breast, moving so her arm was around me and on my back. Her other hand was pressing my hand into her breast, the nipple right in the center of my palm, and I could feel the hand on my back tighten as I took her other nipple into my mouth. 

"Ohhh god," she moaned, arching her back and pressing her nipple into my mouth. "God, Kate, sweet Katie...yes...yes, keep doing that, baby,"

My heart was pounding, and her nails were digging into my back. Her erect nipple was between my teeth and I flicked it with my tongue, then sucked on her as hard as I could while rolling her other nipple around in my fingers.

"Oh my god, you feel so good, baby," I said, sitting up a little to shift position. "I love doing this to you." I moved so I was lying alongside her, then bent down and took her nipple in my mouth again, sliding my free hand down between her legs at the same time. I gasped when I felt how incredibly wet she was, and she moaned loudly and spread her legs open wider so I could reach her easier.

I stretched a leg over her and pulled her leg between mine, nearly crying out at the feel of my own wet, slick pussy against her leg. I tightened up and could feel my clit begin to rub against her, and I began to move my hips back and forth in rhythm with my stroking her clit. She was moaning even louder now, holding my head tightly to her breast and moving her hips in time with me. The rhythm of our lovemaking was incredible to me, how we always seemed to be in sync. It was something I had forgotten during our time apart from each other, and it was wonderful to rediscover.

"Tell me what you want," I whispered, lifting my mouth off of her breast and looking up at her.

"Go slow," she said, her voice low and husky. "Slow down and play with me, honey."

I grinned and lowered my mouth to her nipple again, my fingers on her clit stroking more slowly as I lovingly explored every fold and ridge of her. I tightened and loosened my own legs, squeezing my clit against her leg as I stroked her.

"My god, honey, I can feel how wet you are," she gasped, her hand reaching over to my head and tangling in my hair.

"Mmmm," I hummed into her breast, my tongue flicking lightly over her nipple. Her fingers moved restlessly against me, in my hair and on my back, as her pleasure mounted.

"Do you want to come like this, baby?" I asked, lifting my head again.

"No," she said, looking into my eyes.

I grinned. "What do you want? Tell me what you want me to do to you."

She looked away, then back at me with a force that nearly knocked me over.

"I want you to fuck me, Katie," she said, her eyes blazing into mine.

"Oh GOD," I groaned, then rolled over on top of her and laid down on her full-length. I ground myself into her, feeling her hands dig into my back and her hips rise up to meet me. We kissed fiercely, both of us making noises in our throats, bodies working together as our passion rose.

"Are you sure? Are you ready for this?" I asked, stopping to catch my breath and looking down at her.

"I want this, baby. Please...please fuck me," she whispered.

I lifted myself off of her and slid off the bed, then took the strap-on from the table by the bed and put it on. I looked into her eyes as I sat next to her, and she took the cock in her hand and stroked it lightly. I watched her, thinking that if I had been a man, her touch probably would have set me off pretty quickly. As it was, I was about to come unglued at the thought of sliding it inside her for the first time.

I leaned down to kiss her and started to kneel between her legs, but she stopped me. I looked at her questioningly.

"What's wrong, baby?" I asked.

She said nothing, but sat up, then turned over so she was on her hands and knees, her butt in the air in front of me, her pussy glistening in the candlelight.

"Baby?" I said, hardly able to breathe.

She looked back over her shoulder and smiled, the most loving, trusting smile I have ever seen.

"Take me this way," she said softly, then put her head back down on the pillow. I looked down at her, so open and vulnerable to me, and I felt a rush of love come over me so hard that I felt faint for a moment. I wondered how I could ever have felt doubt about my love for this woman.

Moving in behind her, I slowly guided the tip of the cock into her waiting pussy. She gasped as I entered her, and once I was inside her, I put my hands on her hips and slowly, gently, went deeper inside her. She moaned and pushed back against me, and I lost every last ounce of self-control. 

"Oh, honey," I moaned, thrusting faster and harder, her gasps and cries lighting a fire inside me. I wrapped one arm around her waist and bent over her, pulling her into me as my hips moved back and forth. I felt something on my arm, then moaned when I realized she had reached back and was touching herself. 

"Oh my god," I said breathlessly. I covered her hand with mine, feeling her fingers move on her own clit, then pushed her hand aside and spread her lips open, stroking her clit with my middle finger as I continued to thrust in and out of her. I could see the sweat glistening on her back, could feel the tautness of her body as I held her and stroked her. She was moaning more loudly now, and she placed her hand over mine and forced my finger harder onto her clit. 

"Fuck me, Kate," she gasped, her breath ragged and uneven. "Come on, baby, fuck me hard."

The sound of her voice and the words she said went through me like a bolt of lightning, and I felt like a wild animal as I pounded into her. She came suddenly, with a loud cry that sounded almost primitive in its emotion. Gasping, I leaned forward and rested my head on her back, not willing to slide out of her yet. My arms were around her, and I could feel the muscles in her stomach move as she breathed. Afraid of hurting her, I sat up and slowly pulled out of her, then gently moved her onto her side. She laid there, eyes closed, still panting.

"Are you okay, baby?" I asked, leaning over her. 

She opened one eye and smiled at me, then closed her eye and let out a huge sigh.

"Kate, I have missed you so much," she said. 

I lay down next to her, propped up on my elbow. I gently brushed strands of hair off of her forehead and kissed her, then said, "I've missed you, too, Jordan. That fucking month felt like a YEAR, away from you."

She smiled again and reached out for me. I slid out of the leather harness and dropped the strap-on to the floor next to the bed, then snuggled up next to her and put my arms around her. Within a few minutes, Jordan was sleeping deeply. Shortly after that, I joined her.

The next day, we both slept in. I was exhausted from the tour, and she had been working feverishly on her project with Marta, wanting to have it completed by the time I returned. As promised, she had a vacation planned for us, but hadn't yet had a chance to tell me where we were going. Not surprising, considering that I had attacked her the moment I walked through the front door. 

I stretched languidly, reveling in the luxury of being in my own bed with Jordan after a month of sleeping alone, in hotel rooms. Feeling me begin to stir, Jordan turned to face me, her feline grin making the corners of her mouth curve up.

"Hello," she said, her voice rough and husky with sleep. Her hair was tousled, her eyes startlingly green against the white of the sheets.

"Hello, yourself," I said, reaching out to brush a lock of hair from her forehead. She took my hand, turning my palm toward her mouth and kissing it. My stomach flipped, and I grinned with amusement at the effect she still had on me.

"What?" she murmured, scooting closer and kissing the inside of my wrist, her strong hand gently wrapped around me.

"How is it that you can make me so hot for you, just by kissing me?" I asked, feeling the warmth begin to spread inside me.

"Do I make you hot for me?" she asked with feigned innocence, continuing to kiss the inside of my wrist and forearm.

"God, woman!" I exclaimed, pulling my arm back and turning to face away from her, wrapping myself up in the blankets. With a roar, Jordan climbed on top of me, trying to pull the blankets away. I laughed and held on tighter, until finally she found a ticklish spot and managed to fling the covers off of me.

"Shit, it's COLD!" I gasped, trying to grab them and pull them back up.

"Oh, no, you don't!" Jordan yelled, grabbing my arms and pinning me down to the bed. She was on top of me, holding my wrists down, looking at me with fire in her green eyes. I could feel her hair rubbing on my stomach, and I was hit with such a wave of desire that I nearly passed out. Jordan could tell I was getting aroused by the look on my face, and she slowly started to rub her body up and down on me, teasing me.

I tried to move, but she was too strong. Her hands gripped me tightly, but with a gentleness that let me know she was not going to hurt me. Slowly, she moved her hands so our fingers were entwined, and she brought them down to my sides, still holding them. Her body was a beautiful piece of art in itself; slim, but taut and well formed. The desire I felt for her was enough to leave me breathless.

"You are so beautiful," I breathed, moving my hips gently up and down. She smiled and let go of my hands, then leaned forward until she was stretched out full-length on top of me, our erect nipples rubbing together. She cradled my head in her arms and began to kiss me...slowly, gently, but with intensity. Our bodies moved together, as always, fitting like two pieces of a puzzle. My hands went to her back, feeling the muscles there, then up to her hair, pulling her into me. I ran my hands down her taut sides and over her back, feeling her body shiver with delight as I caressed her. She gently nudged my legs apart and settled between them, still kissing me, then slid one hand down between us and spread me open. I gasped into her mouth at her touch, and felt the corners of her mouth turn up as she grinned.

"I love touching you like this," she breathed into me. My heart thudded and my pulse raced as she began to stroke my clit gently with one finger. 

"Ohh god," I moaned. "I love when you touch me like this."

She grinned again and kept kissing me, her tongue probing my mouth gently. The feel of her finger on my slick, hard clit was maddening. She was barely touching me, teasing me, making me move my hips to meet her, then pulling away so the barest of contact was maintained. It was like being tickled with a feather, driving me crazy. 

"Jordan, for god's sake," I gasped, my back arching, my clit and pussy throbbing.

"What, love?" she asked, still not touching me with anything but the tip of her finger. The intensity of her strokes was about to make me explode, and she knew it. She always knew exactly how to play my body.

"God, Jordan, please stop teasing me like that," I gasped, throbbing even harder.

She leaned down and kissed me, sliding her tongue into my mouth at the same time she slid her fingers inside me. I moaned and wrapped my legs around her, my hands digging into her back, as she started to fuck me with her hand. She was thrusting her hips back and forth as she moved her fingers in and out of me, and I came within seconds, a loud cry escaping me before I could stop myself. My orgasm hit with such intensity that things grayed out for a few seconds, and I came back to reality looking into Jordan's intense green eyes.

"Holy shit," she breathed. "I thought I'd killed you!"

I couldn't even speak, just smiled and drew in a deep breath, then let it out with a gust. She stretched out next to me and rested her hand on my stomach, watching me.

"Are you okay?" she asked, her brow furrowed.

I nodded and smiled again, my entire body feeling as if it was made of lead. I couldn't feel my legs, just my pussy tingling and my clit throbbing. 

"Water," I whispered, and Jordan got up to get me a glass. I sat up slowly and drank it, then laughed at the look of concern on her face. "I'm fine, honey," I said hoarsely. 

"Kate, you passed out!" she said defensively.

"I did not, Jordan. That orgasm was just...very intense, that's all. I'm fine," I insisted. 

She finally smiled, then began to look pleased with herself. "Damn, I'm good," she said. I laughed and threw a pillow at her, then lay back down and stretched languidly. She snuggled in beside me and I put my arms around her, kissing the top of her head.

I was almost asleep when Jordan jolted me awake by saying, "We haven't even had a chance to talk about your tour, baby."

My stomach sank. "Later," I said, kissing the top of her head again. "We can talk about it later. I'm too tired just now."

"As you wish, love," she said, then sleep overtook us.

It was late afternoon the next time I woke up. Jordan was no longer sleeping beside me; I could hear her in the kitchen and smell something delicious cooking. I stretched, then with a sinking feeling remembered there was something we needed to talk about. With a sigh, I got out of bed and put on a t-shirt, then went out to the kitchen.

I could smell eggs and bacon, and with a sickening jolt was reminded of the day I sat in this very kitchen, telling Kelly about Jordan and me. The similarities made me feel surreal, as if I was in a bad dream. I sat down at the table.

"Jordan?" I said.

"Yes, love?" she replied, her back to me as she stood at the stove.

"Come here, I need to talk to you."

She turned and looked at me, the grin on her face fading as she saw the look on my face. She turned off the stove and sat down across from me.

"Kate? What is it?" she asked quietly.

I sat there, then looked into her eyes and said, "I saw Kelly."

Her head rocked back as if she'd been slapped.

"What?" she asked.

"I saw Kelly. In San Francisco."

"I see," she said, then just sat there. She was quiet for a long moment, then she said, "What else?"

"I stayed at her place the last night of the tour. Nothing happened, Jordan. I swear to you, nothing happened."

She sat completely still, staring at me. "Then why tell me?" she asked.

"Because I wanted you to know. I wanted you to know I saw her, and that we spent a long time together, talking."

She sat quietly, looking down at her hands, then stood up and said, "Okay, thanks for telling me." She turned and went back to the stove, began flipping pieces of bacon over.

I got up and stood next to her. "Honey, the burner isn't on," I said gently.

"Oh. Right," she said, and I looked up in time to see her quickly wipe a tear from her cheek.

"Jordan, honey," I said, taking her shoulders and turning her to face me, "NOTHING happened. Nothing."

She looked at me with a vulnerability I hadn't seen before. "You promise?" she said in a small voice.

"Jordan, of course I promise. I was as surprised to see her as you are that I'm telling you this, believe me. I had no idea she lived in San Francisco."

"How did you find her?" Jordan asked, still in a small voice.

"Baby, she found ME. She showed up in my dressing room the night of the last concert and asked me if she could talk to me after, and I told her I would. She asked me to go back to her place, and I did. She's living with someone, Jordan. She's very happily married to her partner, Cindy - who I met, by the way."

"Then why did she want to talk to you?" Jordan asked.

"We had unfinished business, honey. You know what that's like. She just needed to talk things through, once and for all. I think it was good for me, too," I said gently.

She looked at me for a long time, a probing, searching look, and I could tell she desperately wanted to believe me, and yet was afraid to at the same time. I reached out for her, and, to my relief, she came into my arms. She rested her head on my shoulder, and I could feel her trembling when I wrapped my arms around her.

"Kate, I can't lose you. Not again. I can't," she said, her voice muffled against my shoulder.

"Who said anything about losing me? You haven't lost me, Jordan. I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere. Baby, talking with Kelly was so good, for both of us. It was good to see her happy, and she seems to be at peace with what happened between us. You know that's been bothering me for a very long time, and now I feel like I can let go of all of that. Kelly is really and truly happy, and so am I."

We stood there for a while, and I finally felt the tension leave Jordan's body. She pulled back and looked deep into my eyes, the intensity of their jade color going right through me like they always did. She looked at me for a long moment, then leaned forward and kissed me, our bodies coming together as they always did, like two pieces of a puzzle fitting perfectly together. 
