 To my wonderful readers: Thanks again for your patience and encouragement as I continue to write this story. I apologize again for the delay in submitting this, but I hope you'll find it worth the wait.

Chapter Ten

“Jordan, hurry up!” I shouted into the bathroom. “We’re going to be late!”

The water shut off and she stepped out of the shower, grabbing a towel and starting to dry off.

“Kate, no one ever shows up to these things on time. Chill out,” she said, her voice muffled by the towel as she dried her face.

I looked over at her from where I sat at the vanity, the sight of her naked body sending shivers through me as usual.

“I know that, Jordan, but there’s late and then there’s LATE,” I said, slightly exasperated.

She stopped toweling off and gave me a look, then I turned back to the mirror and continued to put my lipstick on. I felt her before I saw her, appearing behind me in the mirror. Her short hair was spiky from being scrubbed dry, and I could see a few small beads of water on her chest and breasts.

She put her hands on my shoulders and leaned into me, her mouth on the side of my neck.

“Come on, Katie…a few minutes won’t make a difference to anyone,” she said, her voice low and throaty. She slid her hands down the front of my chest as I leaned my head back, and I could feel my nipples getting hard at her gentle touch.

“Jordan,” I murmured as her hands caressed me, “you have to get ready so we can go.”

“Oh, I’m ready, baby,” she said into my ear, the warmth of her breath causing ripples deep inside me. Her hands slid inside my bra and touched my bare skin, pinching my nipples gently. I gasped softly and leaned back, feeling her mouth and teeth on my neck again. I stretched my arms up over my head and put them around her neck, pulling her closer to me as her hands slid down to my stomach and inside my underwear.

“Jordan, my god,” I moaned, writhing as she teased me with her hands in my pubic hair. I could feel myself getting wetter the longer she nibbled on my neck. “We don’t have time for this right now, honey,” I managed to say.

She bit my neck gently, then moved around and sat down in front of me.

“Lean back,” she whispered, reaching up and pulling my underwear down and off.

“Jordan…” I began.

“Hush,” she said, pushing me back and pulling my butt to the edge of the chair I was on. I gave up and closed my eyes as she settled down between my open legs.

I felt her hands touch my ankles, then slide gently up my calves. Although I was dying for those wonderful hands to slide higher up, Jordan had other ideas. She started massaging my calves, kneading deep into the muscle as I moaned in pleasure. Her hands were warm and strong on my skin, and I could feel myself relaxing as she continued to squeeze and stroke my legs. She moved up to my knees, then slid up the insides of my thighs. Of their own accord, my legs opened up further as I felt her begin to stroke the outside of my pussy. I could feel her hands spread along the tops of my legs as she stroked me open.

“You are SO wet, baby,” Jordan breathed, and I could feel her shifting as she sat up on her knees and leaned closer to me. I jumped when she kissed my stomach, then could feel her moving lower until her lips were brushing over my trimmed hair. She held my lips open with one hand and began to stroke my wet clit with the other as I moaned and twitched, loving every sensation.

She slid down and opened my lips wider, then gently touched me with her tongue. Involuntarily, I felt myself pushing toward her mouth when her tongue began making slow, soft circles around my clit. Before I could stop myself, I reached down and tangled my hands in her hair, pushing my body into her mouth. She started sucking, taking my entire pussy in her mouth while her tongue flicked over my clit faster and faster. I whimpered aloud when I felt her slide two fingers inside me, moving in and out as she sucked on me. She shifted again, this time lifting my legs up over her shoulders and pulling me in even closer to her. It felt as though we were sealed together, like her mouth and my pussy were one entity, and I moaned louder as I felt my orgasm building.

“Oh, Jordan…ahhhhh…” I gasped through clenched teeth as the orgasm coursed through me. My hips bucked as she continued sucking on me, until I gently pushed her head away and she looked up at me, grinning.

“How do you feel about being late now, baby?” she teased.

I laughed weakly, leaning back in my chair and trying to catch my breath. “Where we going somewhere?”

She stood up and stretched, then leaned down and kissed the top of my head. “Okay, I feel better,” she said, walking to the closet and reaching for her dress. “We can go now.”

The party was in full swing by the time we got there, a semi-formal affair to celebrate the end of the symphony season. I had performed as soloist with them in a series of concerts featuring the Romantic composers, which ended up being the best-attended performances during the season. When Gil, the orchestra manager, handed me the invitation, I noticed that it said “Ms. Shaw and Guest”. I stopped him as he was walking away and said, “Gil, can I ask you something?”

“Of course,” he said, a small, energetic man (who reminded me of the rabbit in Alice in Wonderland).

“Will it be a problem for me to bring Jordan as my guest?” I asked.

He’d looked at me in complete surprise, “Kate, of course not. We’re all looking forward to meeting her.”

“Good,” I’d said, relieved. Enough people knew about me now that I really wasn’t as concerned as I had been, but it was still important to me not to make people feel uncomfortable.

When we walked in, several people noticed and began walking toward us, then Laurie and Jacob started clapping, causing everyone else in the crowded room to look our way.

“Stop that!” I said to Laurie, embarrassed by the attention.

“Kate, you’re blushing!” she said, laughing as she reached out to hug me. “You act as though you’ve never been the center of attention before!”

“Well, not like THIS,” I grumbled, rolling my eyes at Jordan over Laurie’s shoulder. Jordan was laughing as well, which made me want to smack her and kiss her at the same time.

Laurie let me go, then turned to Jordan and held out her hand. “You must be Jordan,” she said with a broad smile. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. I feel like I know you already, the way Kate goes on.”

“Okay, okay, that’s enough,” I said, swatting Laurie’s shoulder and walking over to stand next to Jordan. “Jordan Stuart, meet Laurie Weaver, principal flutist and coffee addict.”

“Don’t forget about me!” Jacob said, shouldering his way in and taking Jordan’s hand.

“Yes, yes,” I said, smiling at him. His hair was spiky and standing on end, and he was wearing a wide-shouldered black jacket with a white t-shirt and a pair of black jeans with black cowboy boots. Of all the musicians in the orchestra, Jacob seemed most inclined to defy stereotypes and take the road less traveled. Even his tuxedo for performance nights wasn’t strictly kosher, but he was such a brilliant young musician that everyone seemed to forgive his eccentricities.   

“Jordan, this is Jacob Behrens, our principal cellist,” I said, amused by the puppyish look on Jacob’s face as he shook her hand.

“Well, it’s good to finally meet Katie’s friends,” she said, squeezing Jacob’s hand and smiling. 

“Yeah, it’s about time!” Jacob said, punching me lightly on the shoulder. “you’d think you two were busy all the time or something.”

We all laughed, and Laurie took Jordan’s arm, winking at me as she said, “I’m going to steal her for just a little while, Kate. There are a lot of people who want to meet her, so we’re going to make the rounds.”

Jordan looked at me helplessly over her shoulder as Laurie whisked her away, making me laugh. Jacob, still standing next to me, gave a low wolf whistle.

“Kate, she is HOT,” he said. “I had no idea she was so sexy!”

“Hey!” I said, punching him in the shoulder, quite a bit harder than he’d punched me.

“Ouch!” he said, laughing and rubbing his shoulder. “What, it was a compliment to your good taste, Kate!”

“Yeah, yeah,” I said, “SURE it was. You just can’t help noticing beautiful women, that’s all. I doubt your girlfriend would be impressed.”

“Well, I can window shop and not buy anything, you know,” he grinned. “I’m not dead, after all.”

“Oh boy,” I groaned, taking his arm and steering him toward the food table. “It’s gonna be a long night, I can already tell.”

As the evening wore on, I made the rounds, catching glimpses of Jordan as she moved around the room with Laurie and graciously spoke to everyone who seemed to be clamoring for her attention. It was amazing, really, how many people seemed to know her and her work. I wondered ruefully if she was going to end up working even more than she already did, after making contacts with very important people here in this room. She caught my eye every once in a while, giving me that small ironic smile of hers, letting me know she was aware of how silly this all was. 

At one point, as I was speaking to the mayor and his wife, I happened to look over his shoulder. Jordan was facing me, talking to an elderly woman in a sparkly evening gown. When our eyes met, I felt a jolt of electricity go right through my body. At that moment, I pictured her clearly in my mind’s eye, naked, her hands in my hair as I took her in my mouth and swirled my tongue around her clit. I could hear her throaty moaning and feel her hips move into me, and my own clit began to throb.

She must have read what was in my eyes, because she suddenly looked distracted, her eyes lingering on me when the woman she was speaking with touched her elbow inquisitively. She shook her head and said something to the woman, glancing back at me with a knowing smile on her face. It was all I could do to focus on what the mayor was saying, and I excused myself as soon as I politely could. I was still throbbing from my thoughts of Jordan, and I felt like I was going to explode unless I was able to get some air.

I walked around into the atrium hallway, away from the crowd, looking out the windows as I climbed the stairs to the second balcony. I could still hear the noise and clamor of the party, but in a distant, comforting way. I leaned against the railing and looked at the apartment building across the street. I was idly counting the lights in the windows, trying to distract myself, when I saw her appear behind me like an apparition.

“It’s about time,” I said, grinning and turning to face her. 

“You’ve not been waiting THAT long, my love,” she said, stepping forward into my arms.

“Long enough,” I whispered into her ear, embracing her. I could feel her body underneath the black sheath she was wearing, could feel the muscles in her back as her arms tightened around me. I slid my hands down to her waist and pulled her hips into me, my clit throbbing harder, feeling the wetness gather there as we kissed. 

“You nearly did me in when you looked at me like that,” she said softly, running her hands up and down my back.

“I know,” I said, kissing her neck and putting my hands on her butt, pulling her closer into me. She began slowly rocking, grinding her hips into me as our mouths met and our kisses became more intense. She started pulling my dress up with her hands as our tongues swirled around, and I moaned deep in my throat. She pushed me gently against the column next to the edge of the balcony, and I could hear the party going on below us, distantly, almost surreal. I knew someone could come up those stairs at any moment and see us, but that only served to thrill me even more.

I was pressed against the column, my head thrown back as she kissed my bare throat, pulling my dress up over my waist. I was naked underneath, causing her to gasp when she touched between my legs and felt how wet I was.

“Ohhh,” she moaned. 

She straightened up and slid her arm behind my shoulder, looking into my eyes as the fingers of her left hand teased me, sliding up and down my clit as I moaned. Her arm was tight around me, my hips moving back and forth as she began to slide her fingers inside me. 

“I love you, Katie,” she said softly, her breathing becoming ragged like mine as she continued to stroke me.

“Jordan, we have to stop,” I murmured. “Someone could come upstairs and see us.” 

She held me tighter and kept touching me, her fingers like silk on my throbbing clit, my pussy slick and wet as she slid in and out of me.

“The only one who’s going to come is you, baby,” she whispered, looking over my shoulder. “Just forget about them and concentrate on what I’m doing to you.”

“But…Jordan…I…” I said, my struggles weakening as feelings began to rush through me. 

“Shhh,” she said. “I’m watching…it’s okay.”

I gave up and closed my eyes, trusting that she would tell me if anyone was headed our way. My arms were around her shoulders now, holding her closer to me. I was beginning to sweat lightly, and I could feel the back of Jordan’s neck getting wet as she worked her fingers in and on me. 

“Jordan…god…I’m going to come soon, baby,” I moaned in her ear.

She grinned and started moving her hand faster, still looking over my shoulder to make sure we were safe. 

“I can see Laurie,” she whispered, “and Jacob wandering around making everyone laugh. Can you imagine if they came up here and caught us?”

I gasped, but the thought of being caught somehow turned me on rather than the opposite. Jordan continued whispering in my ear, and the more she talked, the more aroused I became. I started to picture people looking up and seeing us, me with my dress hiked up above my waist, Jordan pressing into me, her hand buried inside me…I could feel the pressure building the more I thought about it, and I gasped into Jordan’s ear, “I’m coming, baby.”

“Come for me, Katie…come on,” she said, sliding in and out of me faster and harder.

My entire body convulsed as it hit me, and I buried my face in Jordan’s shoulder, biting her hard and trying to be quiet. She pulled me closer, her fingers inside me as I pulsed around her. I held onto her for dear life as my strength ran out, my knees buckling as the monstrous orgasm went through me.

“Are you okay?” Jordan asked, holding me tightly.

“Ohhhh god,” I moaned, sagging against her. She laughed and kissed me again, then gently slid her fingers out of me and pulled my dress back down around my hips. I leaned back against the column weakly, my arms and legs like spaghetti as I tried to catch my breath. “Jordan, my god…my ears are ringing.”

“Good,” she said simply, a satisfied grin on her face. “That was the plan, after all. Now we have to get straightened up so we can go back down to the party.”

“Oh no,” I groaned. “I don’t think I can move.”

“Well, I think we should go and make an appearance again before anyone starts missing us,” she said, brushing my hair back from my face and straightening my dress.

I sighed. “Okay, you’re right, but we’re not going to stay much longer. As soon as I recover, I owe you a couple…and it’s payback time.”

“I was hoping you’d say that,” Jordan said, then grinned her naughty grin. “Come on, let’s go.”

The rest of the evening seemed like it lasted a year. All I could think about was getting naked with Jordan, but she was right – it was good for me to hang around a bit longer, just to keep relations good with the public and the symphony supporters. Jordan continued to wander around and mingle with high society people, as at home with them as she was with the homeless people she often used as subjects of her photos. I tried to keep an eye on her, but she kept disappearing from sight as crowds of people enveloped her, wanting a word with the popular photographer. I finally tracked her down and caught her eye as she was deep in conversation with a blonde woman I recognized as one of the violists. I gave her a look, letting her know I wanted to leave soon, and she nodded at me before returning to her conversation. 

It was nearly midnight before we were able to graciously take our leave, having politely declined invitations from various orchestra members to continue the party in a more relaxed atmosphere. Laurie winked at me knowingly as we said goodbye, and I found myself wondering if she had somehow figured out what Jordan and I had been up to earlier.

I fell into the car and leaned my head back, looking over at Jordan as she started the car. “GOD, let’s go HOME,” I said, exhausted.

Jordan laughed and took my hand, bringing it to her lips as we drove off. “Yes, it was quite a party, wasn’t it?”

“You sure were a big hit,” I said, twining my fingers comfortably through hers. “Did you pick up a lot of business?”

She cocked an eyebrow at me, a wry grin on her face. “Well, yeah, I had a few offers.”

“Anything big?” I asked, knowing she rarely worked to order unless the paycheck promised to be worth it. She seldom accepted jobs where she had to conform to a customer’s wishes; instead, she preferred create her work based on her own vision, selling those at high enough prices to avoid having to take what she called “canned” photos.

“Oh, just the usual,” she said. “Most people seemed to know better than to ask me to take photos at their daughter’s wedding, thank god.”

I laughed and moved over to lean my head on her shoulder. “Well, you had enough people wanting a piece of you. It almost seemed like a gallery opening rather than a symphony function.”

Jordan snorted, kissing the top of my head and squeezing my hand. “I did have one inquiry that sounded pretty interesting, though.”

“Really? What?”

“You know that woman I was talking to when you got my attention, a while before we left?”

“The blonde one?” I asked.

“That’s her. She told me she saw the photos I took of you, and asked me if I would be willing to take some nudes of her in a few weeks.”

“She WHAT?” I asked, sitting straight up and looking at her.

She glanced sideways at me. “She wants me to take some nudes of her,” she repeated patiently.

I stared at her for a long moment, then looked out the front window, my mouth clamped shut tight.

“Kate, what?” Jordan asked, taking my hand again.

I sighed. “I know I’m being ridiculous, but the thought of you spending time with that attractive woman – in the nude, no less – makes my stomach hurt,” I said, still not looking at her.

She laughed and gently raised my hand to her lips again. “It’s just a job, Kate. And I haven’t agreed to it yet, although I probably will. She offered to pay quite well, and it seems to be a pretty simple order. You have nothing to worry about, my love.”

I leaned on her shoulder again, trying to relax and not succeeding.

We got to my apartment building and were both silent in the elevator on the way up, although probably not for the same reasons. I could tell by the look on Jordan’s face that she was already thinking about this new project, and I could feel myself getting more uptight about it as I watched her. I knew from experience that she tended to go away inside herself as she got deeper into a project, and usually it wasn’t a problem; I’m the same way when it comes to my performances. I willed myself to forget about it.

As we walked in the door, I could hear the phone ringing but decided to let the machine pick up the call. I was simply too exhausted to deal with anything, especially at this hour. Jordan walked past me into the kitchen, and I walked to the answering machine to listen to the message.

“Hi, Jordan?” said a husky voice, “this is Marta Giordano, the one you spoke to at the party this evening? I was just calling to see when you think we might be able to get together to talk about the photo shoot we discussed. Your ideas sounded very intriguing, and I’d love to talk more about it. You’ve got my numbers, so please give me a call at your earliest convenience. Thanks a lot. Have a good night.”
