 Without another order, she helped me off and sat back on the bed with a pillow behind her, guiding me over. I looked up at her, unsure of what to do.

She read my mind and instructed me. "Straddle me again, but this time face away from me."

I quickly did so, intentionally sticking my ass out, wishing she would lift up my dress again. I could feel the vulnerability of my position, and yet I wanted to be more vulnerable. More embarrassed. Wait, what? She interrupted my thoughts again, pushing my ass up so I was kneeling over her lap still facing the opposite direction. My pussy was now completely vulnerable except for the thin material of my already soaking panties.

"Let's see what we have here," she smiled. I couldn't see her, but I could hear the smile in her voice. I felt her fingers pull my wet panties to the side and probe my pussy with one finger, moving in and out and around it, but not for pleasure. I was trying to figure out what she was doing, and quickly realized she was just looking, exposing my most private area to her eyes, taking it all in.

"Please don't," I said in a trembling voice, feeling a whole new wave of desire surge through me. I hated that I liked what she was doing to me. It was so embarrassing I felt like crying, but at the same time it was thrilling and I liked that she was humiliating me. I was so filled with emotions I didn't know what to do. All I could feel was her finger, slowly accompanied by another, opening together once she pushed them inside of me so that she could see all the way inside. She smiled, knowing how embarrassed I was by her doing this. That was exactly what she wanted me to feel. Embarrassed. She knew I liked it. She could see my whetness drip out slowly the more she invaded my pussy.

"You like this, don't you?" She asked, with a soft chuckle. I hated when she laughed at me like this, making me very aware I shouldn't be so aroused by it. What's worse is that her laughing further humiliated me, which also further aroused me. I shuddered at my own desire. I was blushing furiously by now. I couldn't get myself to move from the position, but I knew I shouldn't be enjoying this. Just as I was thinking, she spread my pussy lips apart and continued her study of my sensitive area.

"No ... don't ..." I breathed, more of a moan than a plea. I figured that's what I should be feeling, but remained completely still, awaiting further invasion from her fingers. I heard another chuckle.

"Don't, hey?" She teased, inserting one finger and then another, stretching my pussy as I felt her push her tongue in. All of the sudden, nothing made sense anymore and I was hers to do with as she pleased. I lost it. It felt so good I closed my eyes and tightened around her tongue, so extremely aroused from before, I was already close. I felt her tongue move inside of me and then pull out, only to be replaced by fingers. "Then tell me to stop." She smiled, moving her fingers in weird patterns inside of me. She wasn't trying to fuck me, she was trying to make me feel strange and humiliated again. I could tell she was getting off by how much embarrassment was turning me on, because she obviously loved embarrassing me. She stilled her fingers again, and I stayed on all fours, getting even whetter as I imagined her looking at my pussy, enjoying the feelings she was giving to me by this degradation. I wished I didn't like it, but the cum on her fingers revealed the truth of the situation. "Tell me to stop," she continued, using her other hand to open the area further. I trembled, loving the sensation of being used as a play toy.

"Ahh ..." I moaned, unable to say anything.

"Tell me to stop," she ordered before smiling again. "You don't like this, do you?"

"I ... uhhh ..." I managed, pushing my stomach out which pushed my ass out, offering more access to her.

"Well I don't know ..." I heard her whisper as she got up from under me and knelt behind me, keeping me in the same position on all fours. "... If you like this I might have to stop."

"I don't like it," I said quickly. She chuckled softly again and took her fingers out. I looked back to her, my eyes pleading for more.

"On your back," she smiled, following me and laying ontop of me, taking my panties off and pulling my legs apart widely. "I'm going to start licking, and if you cum you will pay. Understood? You are not to cum."

My eyes almost popped out of my head. "What? N-not supposed to?" I asked, fumbling with the words. I had been so naive about the exquisite torture I was about to endure.

"That's right, now use your elbows to prop yourself up and keep watching. If you stop watching, I'm going to stop." She grinned, setting her tongue down and quickly finding my clit. As soon as she did this, I threw my head back in ecstasy. Quickly I felt her pull away and I looked up, shocked and disappointed it had ended so quickly.

"What did I say?" She asked with another grin and I remembered my task.

"S-s-sorry, I'm watching." I blurted with desperate eyes.

She smiled up at me. "Beg me for it."

Without hesitation, I did. "Please, please, please lick me again like that."

She climbed up my body, her lips nearly pressed against mine as she spoke. "You want me to go down on you, don't you?"

"Yes."

"You're such a naughty girl," she started, her fingers playing with my pussy again. I gasped. "I want to hear how much you want me to touch you right now."

"I really really want you to touch me. Please!"

Much to my delight, she continued down my body and moved her tongue back to my pussy. She moved her soft tongue around in circles, stimulating my clit as I watched her expert mouth at work.

"Fuck ..." I moaned, watching her beautiful figure lean into it, seeing her tongue flick strongly against my little nub. Only then did I realize she only had her dress pants, bra and heels on. "Ahhh ..." I moaned again, feeling my orgasm coming. I smiled until I remembered what she had said. Don't cum.

That was all I could think about, and I concentrated on trying not to cum, but her tongue was so skillful I really didn't think I could hold it in anymore.

"Can I please ... please ... ahhh ... cum ..." I suffered out, feeling the spasms coming already and I knew it was too late. She could feel them too, and that must have been why she didn't grant me the permission. She wanted me to feel guilty about it. So she kept going, pushing her fingers inside of me and thrusting hard as she climbed up my body, her fingers doing a wonderful job of making me cum.

"Don't you dare cum," She whispered into my ear, working her fingers really hard into my pussy with her thumb on my clit. I tried to hold it back, but there was no use anymore. I no longer had any control to hold it in.

I felt the orgasm seap through my entire body, the tingles and sensations all over, and my mind went completely blank as I felt the pleasure surge through me completely. I fell onto my back after I had tensed up and relaxed again, seeing her half naked form perched over me, moving to my neck and whispering in my ear. "What did I say?" She smiled, staring down at me. "You will pay dearly for that."