 Sexual interaction in a lift between two adult women.

Pam was an office Para legal/Secretary who worked for a very large legal firm on the 92nd floor of a tower block. At 25 years of age, she was extremely pretty with a taut muscular body. Her hair was jet black and hung down to her shoulders, a clear indication of her Latino background. Her dark brown eyes seemed bottomless and he r teeth a serried row of white tombstones. She stood 5' 8" tall and had a slim figure with large firm 36C breasts which showed no sign of drooping. Her slim waist flared out into a wonderful set of strong muscular hips. Pam lived alone in a small brownstone apartment and had no current romantic interest. The fact is, she very rarely did have any romantic interest, and she was still a virgin. This she put down to the fact that she had the most enormous carpet of coarse black pubic hair which she steadfastly refused to trim. It started at her navel and spread out across her loins and down to the top of her strong thighs. Pam saw her growth as a badge of her Latino identity and spent many hours cleaning and oiling her growth. Although at peace with her body and her life, Pam felt there was something missing, some intangible connection, with what, she had no idea. 

Pam thoroughly enjoyed her work, other than the four and half minute ride in the lift. It was always heavily packed and stopped at just about every floor up to her own. She could never understand why the lift never got any emptier, sometimes, she formed the impression that if anything, the lift filled even more on its travel to her floor.

Sue was a 26 year old who worked for the same company as Pam. She was a new starter, and worked in the research department. She too stood 5' 8" with a tight slim body, 36C breasts and soft child bearing hips. She had long thick Brunette hair which fell below her shoulders and was she thought one of her more positive attributes. She still lived with her Mother, though often wished she did not. Her romantic history was pretty much non-existent, she had had a single sexual interlude, but it had turned out to be a disaster. Her date had managed to get his hand into her pants but had burst out laughing when he felt the mass of wiry pubic hair covering the whole of her loins.

Bright and early Monday morning found both girls stood waiting for the lift amongst a large crowd of others. The 'Ping' resounded across the hall as the lift doors began to open. Pam, being a creature of habit, made her way to the right hand corner of the lift and turned to face the doors. She noticed a brunette walking towards her, who turned and stood in front of her. During the jostling for position, the brunette was pushed backwards and stood on Pam's toe. Instantly, the girl spun around and said, "I'm so sorry, it was an accident." "No matter." replied Pam, "It happens."

Pam noticed the doors began to shut and heard a cry, "Wait!" The doors reopened and a huge man forced his way into an already tightly packed lift. As the passengers tried to accommodate him, Sue was forcibly pushed into Pam, their breasts meeting and squashing into each other. Unfortunately, there was no room to pull back, if anything, the pressure of breast on breast grew even more. 

"God, I am so sorry." said Sue. "I can't move". Pushing her buttocks against the wall of the lift, Pam tried to bodily push Sue away, but only succeeded in increasing the pressure between their breasts. Suddenly, the lift jerked into motion causing their breasts to rub against each other. Both gasped as they felt what could only be the others nipples digging into their own breasts. The jerking ride to the 92nd floor took its usual four and half minutes during which both women's breasts continued to grind against each other and there was absolutely no doubt, that the last two minutes of the ride saw four very erect nipples rubbing together and digging into the soft flesh of each other's breasts.

During the ride, both girls eyes were locked and faces flushed with embarrassment. However, by the time the lift halted at their floor, the colour of embarrassment had been replaced by the flush of arousal.

Pam walked to her desk and began work. Unfortunately, she could not get the incident in the lift out of her mind. She knew that her breasts had responded to the crush of the other girls bosom. Her nipples were still turgid and sensitive from their contact with the other woman's. 

The morning dragged slowly and eventually, lunch time arrived. Gathering her purse, Pam walked to the staff restroom into order to powder her nose before going to the canteen for lunch. As she stood at the mirror, she saw the girl from the lift leave a cubicle and walk to her side where she proceed to wash her hands. 

Sue looked to Pam and said, "I'm awfully sorry for this morning, I didn't mean to crush your breasts, it's just that I had no room to move." 

"Crush my breasts?" said Pam. "I was about to apologise for crushing your breasts. I hope I haven't hurt you?"

Sue paused and looked Pam in the eye. "My breasts are very firm, and I'm pretty sure they crushed yours even though yours were being supported by that old stiff bra of yours."

Pam snorted, and said, "Looking at all the under-wiring on your bra, you obviously need it to support your bags."

Both women locked eyes and each felt a warmth growing between their legs and pulses of arousal in their nipples. Each could see the effect on the other's blouse as twin probes pushed the material out. Leaning in towards each other, each unconsciously directed their nipples to confront the other's and let out a small gasp as they touched, bending and he was certain that her breasts had been the firmer of the two pairs but doubt kept sliding in. Could her firmness be more down to her bra, now she thought about it, the bra was on the tight side. Her mind in turmoil, she managed to get through her work and make her way home.

Pam's sleep was restless, images of the incident in the lift crowded her, her breasts pulsed with desire and her nipples ached. Eventually however, the alarm sounded and she once more prepared herself for the day. Whilst putting on her underwear, Pam paused and then with a shake of her head, removed her bra and slipped into a dark blue silk blouse buttoned up to the collar. For some reason, her body was filled with anticipation as she made her way to work. 

Entering the foyer, Pam made her way to the lifts and stood in her usual place awaiting its arrival. As she stood, she became aware of a presence close to her. Looking to her left, she was taken aback to see Sue stood next to her. She too was wearing a heavy green silk blouse through which the points of her nipples were clearly definable. Pam felt a surge of arousal in her breasts and looked down to see her own nipples begin to tent her blouse.

As the lift arrived, Pam strode into her usual corner and turned to face the lift doors. As she did so, she watched Sue follow her and walk to the same corner and stand in front of her She made no attempt to turn around, just locking her eyes with Pam's.  

Pam looked down and could clearly see that both pairs of nipples were now fully extended and pushing up against the material of ach of their blouses. As the lift continued to fill, Sue's body was being pushed closer and closer to Pam's until eventually, with a dual gasp from both women, their nipples touched sending electric pulses throughout their bodies. Swiftly thereafter, Sue was once more propelled into Pam, their nipples meeting head on and forced back into the flesh of their own soft breasts. 

Pam braced herself against the lift wall and pushed her breasts back at Sue's. The soft tissue of their tits ballooned out, filling the sides of their blouses, whilst the nipples were crushed tightly against each other. 

This time, there was no waiting for the lift to start, as soon as their nipples were crushed together both antagonists began to grind their breasts against each other. Although there was little feeling in the soft tissue, each pair of nipples were being crushed together between the force of the women's ribcages, arousing huge pulses of sexual feeling in the engorged tissue. The lift seemed to take a lifetime as both women fought for superiority, both quietly panting and gasping as their nipples built up to an explosion. It arrived as the lift reached their floor. Both women drew back with a gasp as their nipples, now fully engorged sprang back to tent out their blouses.

"Tomorrow," Sue snarled and turned away.

Pam spent the rest of the day reliving the incident in the lift. What was she doing to herself? She knew she had no lesbian tendencies and didn't even feel any attraction to Sue. She had to admit, it was their interactions that was turning her on, and turning her on were the operative words. Her pussy wept the whole of the day. 

Just before closing down for work, Pam's machine pinged and indicated there was a mail for her. Pam took a deep breath when she saw that the mail was from 'Sue Thomson'. She had made her own enquiries and had established that her antagonist was called that, and worked in the Research department. Slowly reaching forward, she clicked the mouse and the mail opened. Two words, 'Short Dress.' Pam quickly deleted the mail and sat back in her chair. What did it mean? Was Sue asking her to wear a short dress for work? Why on earth would she want that? Suddenly, Pam's pussy began to weep and she recalled the incident in the lift. Surely, she didn't want to...No, absolutely, No. It was finished, no more.

Once more Pam's sleep was interrupted by visions of herself and Sue rubbing bodies and feelings of erotic bliss suffusing her body. All too soon, the alarm sounded and the day began. Pam showered and dried, then made her way to her underwear drawer. No, no bra today she thought, live dangerously. Normally, she would wear a pair of white cotton briefs for work, but today, she felt compelled to wear a pair of thin, lacy French knickers. Pulling them up her thighs, she felt part of the crutch slip between the lips of her pussy her thick mat of pubic hair nestled comfortably within the confines of the material. With building excitement, she walked to the wardrobe and selected a bright red, mid length summer dress and drew it over her head. After applying her makeup, she checked herself in the mirror and smiled when she flicked her hips and watched her dress swirl loosely about her thighs.

Pam could detect Sue's presence before she joined her at the lift. Looking to her left, Pam saw that Sue was wearing a dark blue mid thigh summer dress and clearly, was not wearing a bra. A warm wet feeling suffused her pussy and her body was filled with expectation.

The lift announced its arrival and the doors slowly opened. Pam rushed to her corner with almost indecent haste before quickly turning to face Sue who almost immediately moved closer until the tips of their breasts touched. The lift was filling quickly and both girls were being jostled, causing their rising nipples to rub against each other. Looking into each other's eyes, Pam saw Sue glancing down between them and followed her gaze. She withheld a gasp as she saw Sue slowly pulling up the front of her dress and in automatic response, her own hands went to the front of her own dress and slowly she began to raise the hem. She knew that the lift was so crowded that their actions could not possibly be seen and the loose folds of their dresses hid the fact that both women had raised the fronts of their dresses to expose their panty clad pussies to each other. What Pam could not see was the black pair of thin lacy French knickers being worn by Sue.

As the lift jarred into motion, Sue pressed up against Pam, thrusting her breasts into Pam's soft flesh, two sets of nipples crushed together deep inside the crushed, hot flesh of both women. Both women gave a soft, silent moan as the slightly juddering lift caused their nipples to grind against each other. Once more the women's eyes met and in response to some unknown signal, both pressed their hips forward until their pussies met, cushioned by the two thick mats of pubic hair. Nevertheless, each could feel the hot, now swollen labia of the other through the tissue paper thin lacy pants. Both women slowly pushed their hips forward until they could feel their own full, wet labia crush up against the others. Having locked up their pussies, the women held them tightly together whilst the lift provided all the vibration necessary to stoke the building fires in each of their loins. 

Quickly, the antagonists pussies began to flow with warm, wet mucus, soaking the crutch of their panties. Pam saw Sue's eyes look to her right and following her gaze, saw her reaching for her left breast. Pam torturously withheld the deep groan she made as she felt Sue's hand close on her soft breast, squeezing and caressing it. Pam had to respond, she too raised her left hand and quickly buried her fingers in the taught flesh of Sue's right breast. As they both fondled and caressed each other's breast, the vibrations and jarring of the lift continued to cause their panty covered, tightly embracing pussies to rub against the other producing a flood of vaginal juices which completely soaked their panties and even begin to run down their thighs. Shocks and jolts of erotic bliss were careening through each of the women's bodies building up to what each knew was going to be a mind blowing orgasm. 

All too soon, the lift jolted to a halt at the 92nd floor. As the people began to leave the lift, the girls were able to part and as they did so, the front of their dresses fell down to cover their soaking wet panties. Before turning the leave the lift, Sue quickly leant forward and said, " Rest room." 

Quickly, Pam left the lift following Sue to the ladies rest room and into one of the cubicles, swiftly closing it behind her. Turning to face Sue, she saw she was in the process of pulling down her panties and stepping out of them before holding them up. Pam could see that they were absolutely soaked and could see silvery strands of mucus dripping from the crutch. Holding out the panties, Sue said, "Give me your pants, now."

Pam seemed to have no control over her actions as her hands slipped under the hem of her dress and she slowly pulled down her own pants. Stepping out of them, she raised them up and was shocked to see that her panties were in the same condition as Sue's. Almost on autopilot, Pam reached for Sue's dripping panties whilst holding her own out to Sue. "Put them on." said Sue. As she did so, Pam watched her step into her panties and slowly begin to pull them up. Pam mirrored Sue's movements and slowly began to draw up her antagonists panties. As both women pulled them up into their crutches, each gave out an earthy groan as they felt the cold wet juices of their opposite number slide and mix with their own erotic discharge. 

Pam's eyes were closed in bliss when she heard the cubicle door being unlocked. Opening her eyes and looking to Sue she could see her face was flushed with passion and it gave her some comfort to know that she was not the only one to be sexually aroused by what they were doing. As she stepped out of the cubicle, Sue turned and said, "Tomorrow, no pants." Then disappeared.

Once more Pam's work day was filled with turmoil. Everything was going too far. What they were doing was crazy, they were bound to be caught and exposed, it had to stop. Then suddenly, Pam would feel the warm wetness in her loins, knowing that it was as a result of their mixed juices soaking Sue's panties. She knew she couldn't go panty less tomorrow, although she herself was proud of her large bush of pubic hair, she could never expose her bush to that woman. Then she thought, why not? Sue has been in the driving seat so far, it's time to take control. She would go naked, and grind the bitch into submission and put a complete end to her antics.

As Pam walked towards the business complex, her step was light. She had certainly never been dressed commando before and the air passing over her naked pussy felt wonderful, though did little to dry up her constantly wet labia. Today was the day, she was going to put an end to it once and for all . That woman was going to regret starting all this nonsense, it was time to make her pay.

Walking towards her lift, Pam saw that Sue was already waiting there and she walked up to her right side, turning and leaning in to her, Pam whispered, "Today it ends." She was surprised to see a wide smile form on Sue's face as she turned and raising one eyebrow said, "You think so?" 

The lift arrived and as the doors opened, Pam strode purposefully to her corner, turned and awaited the arrival of Sue. Within seconds the women were being pushed together and hardly had time to raise the hem of their dresses before the crush prevented them from doing so. Both women leaned into each other, their breasts slowly distending as they were crushed, one to the other. Their stomachs were also pushed together, holding up the front of their dresses so both hands were free. The lift seemed to be even more crowded than usual, but nevertheless, each was able to reach up a hand to the other's breast and begin to caress it. 

Eyes locked, both women felt the jolt of the lift and in perfect unison, thrust their hips together. Both sets of eyes opened in shock as both coarsely haired pussies came into contact. Neither had suspected that the other may be anywhere near as hirsute as themselves. There was no doubting it, both could feel the thick deep mat of her opponents bush rubbing up against their own. There was little room for manoeuvre between them, but just sufficient for the women to start grinding their pussies against each other in small figure of eight patterns. From above the waist, there was nothing to suggest that a tight, crushing sexual battle was taking place between both women as naked pussy ground against naked pussy. The mats of coarse thick pubic hair rubbed against each other, the close grinding abrasion causing some of their hair to knot and eventually, the weaker hair to be pulled from its root. 

Both women could feel the small shocks of pain as hair was torn from their pussy but that only made them more determined to rub her opponent bare. Suddenly, both women paused as they detected the presence of her opponents slippery wet labia meet and slip against her own. Pressure was increased and each pair of hips were forced more closely to the others, forcing their swollen labia to slip and slide against each other as the tight grinding battle of pubic hair continued. The rate of the women's breathing increased in direct proportion to the increase in sexual stimulation generated by their grinding pussies. Each could feel the warm juices of their antagonist flooding their own pussy, and still they ground on against each other. Though neither could see, beneath their dresses, their pussies were connected by numerous thick silvery strands of mucus as their labia churned together. 

"Oh God!" Pam thought as she looked up to see they were almost at their floor. Her orgasm was right there, hardly controllable. She needed to come and looking into Sue's eyes, she could see that they were both about to explode. 'Ping' the lift stopped and with whimpering groans, the women pulled apart, again, their dresses falling to cover all traces of the genital battle that had taken place. 

Both women exited the lift at an almost indecent pace as they made for the rest room. Entering, they chose adjacent cubicles and hands flew to pussies, rubbing and stroking frantically, Each could hear the wet slippery sounds of the other rubbing off and the accompanying gasps of rising passion. Two cries filled the air as both women's orgasms raced through their bodies in synch before depositing them on the toilet seats exhausted. cry
