 1, The designer

Terry was glad it was Saturday; the last two days had been mentally draining, yet very pleasing! She had two whole days to think about it till she found out if anything had been reported back. Somehow she knew she would be ok as far as her employers where concerned.

Apart from an appointment with a designer she had the weekend to herself, maybe a trip to the health club, a movie or maybe even a massage. Terry had picked up the apartment during the nineties recession, the area had been caught up in the expansion of the docklands and had become a very desirable place to live. The apartment was the top floor of a converted tea warehouse and was all open-plan. Terry was modernising it as funds would allow her, and now it was time for the Bathroom. The designer from one of the high street companies was going to come in and design a Victorian style Bathroom to match the age of the warehouse.

Terry struggled out of bed and made her way to the old bathroom, she'd better clean herself up before this woman arrived. As she showered she thought of the events with Selina and her friends. God it was incredible, she had always been adventurous but this was something new to her, pain! But would she be able to inflict it as well? The idea of spanking another woman was quite exciting. 

Terry closed her eyes her hand drifted to her pussy, it was wet but this was not water this was her own juice, her wetness at being so excited. Spreading her lips she slipped two fingers in; slumping against the shower wall a multitude of small orgasms wracked through her body; pumping her fingers in and out she whimpered, her left hand slipped behind her cheeks and touched her anus, it gave way with just a little push and this was another new found pleasure. Her previous experience was with a male partner who had badgered her into trying anal; it was ok but because of his size it had been uncomfortable, with just her finger it was really quite nice.

It was hot today so she decided shorts would be good; slipping a thong on first, a little silk pink number followed by some loose workout shorts and a crop top. Had she put on weight? She didn't think so but this top was tight; it really made her bust look good, firm and proud but it was stretchy enough and she couldn't be bothered to pick out anything else. Tying her hair into two bunches she walked out to the lounge; sitting on the floor she did three sets of thirty sit ups. Her stomach was as tight as a washboard, she wasn't skinny, she was toned she ate well but looked after herself with a strict regime of exercise, three visits a week to a health club, a full massage once a fortnight and swimming every other day. Even when she was abroad she would make sure she kept it up. Most of the hotels she stayed in provided facilities.

The buzzer went on the intercom, Terry looked at the monitor. Damn, it was the designer and she hadn't even had any breakfast. She'd arrived over half an hour early. Terry buzzed the door lock which allowed the lady to enter the cage lift. The ancient motors kicked in as the lift came up, pulling the cage open Terry held out her hand.

"Dolphin Bathrooms, yes?" 

"Yes, I'm Mrs Lexor, Sally Lexor. Please call me Sally." 

Terry smiled. 

"I'm Terry but you must excuse me, I'm just about to have breakfast, would you like to join me?" 

Sally looked surprised. She had been sure the appointment was for ten o'clock, maybe she was wrong. 

"Ok I'll have a coffee with you; I will go and start doing the measuring." 

Terry showed Sally the bathroom and left her to measure up. Breakfast consisted of very strong coffee, juice, grapefruit and a thick slice of toast and jam.

The ladies sat and discussed Sally's ideas over the breakfast bar. She explained her plan of a large slipper style bath, a high Cistern, a large hand basin with the old style bone ivory twist top taps- but with one modern luxury, under floor heating. 

It sounded great and Terry was really excited but there was a crunch. A £15,000 crunch. Terry had budgeted for £10,000 and that had been a push. After some negotiating, they got it down to £12,500 but Terry was still short and she so wanted this bathroom. Sally had done a 3D design of it on her laptop and it looked fantastic. 

"Think it over Terry; may I use your old loo?" Sally laughed.

"Of course." 

Sally went into the loo, raising her skirt and pulling down her panties, Sally sat on the old stained porcelain. God, it looked like this had been here since the building was erected, this deal was in the bag. Sally wasn't sure what caught her eye, but Terry's linen basket was open and on the top was the most beautiful underwear she had seen; a lace camisole, a thong to match, a low cut push up bra and matching thong from Agent Provocateur also with a matching thong. 

It was just as Sally was handling these items that Terry came bursting through the door. She had sliced her thumb on the glass that the juice was in, and she needed a plaster quick. Forgetting there was somebody in her bathroom, she had just walked straight in.

"What are you doing with my underwear, Sally?" forgetting the blood dripping from her wound. 

Sally stood quickly, her panties still round her ankles. 

Terry thought fast, "Were you thinking of stealing it Sally?" 

Sally tried to answer but through her embarrassment the words came out mumbled.

"I think you were, and I don't like thieves." Terry's mind accelerated. A chance had come upon her on the very day she thought about it; somebody for Terry to punish. 

"I was just admiring them Terry, I wasn't going to steal them. Don't be silly," 

"Are you calling me silly?" Terry was putting on a good act of anger. "Bend over that sink now!" 

Sally went to pull up her panties. Terry's foot came out trapping them.

"And you can leave them there." The panties ripped off as Sally stepped forward. She was no match for Terry's build; this tall athletic woman was blocking her escape. Terry grabbed her hair, bent her over the sink. All the while Sally was letting out protests of innocence. They fell on deaf ears, Terry knew where she was going with this and nothing was going to stop her. The flat below was vacant, so Sally could scream as much as she liked for all Terry cared. No one was going to coming to her rescue.

Flicking her skirt up and catching the hem with the hand that was pinning her down left her ass exposed. The ass was large, but not fat. Maybe a little too much sitting down was done, but it was not flabby. Not bad for a lady of at least forty. She looked good for it, maybe a semi regular gym user, or at least a class or two of aerobics. Terry's hand whipped down on the ass, Sally screamed a dying scream.

"Oh shut up you silly bitch, that was just the first." 

Terry rained down at least another twelve hand slaps changing from cheek to cheek; all the while Sally protesting sobbing huge tears with the pain and shame. She hadn't been spanked since she was six and to have this done by another woman and a younger one at that, it was killing her 

"There there!" Terry cooed, "All over, would Sally like some cream to take away the soreness?" 

Sally nodded.

Terry still holding her, reached for the tube in the medicine cabinet, squeezing the cream onto Sally's inflamed cheeks, Terry massaged it in. Sally's ass was getting hotter not cooler; Terry had been rubbing her muscle cream in Deep Heat and it was working. The cream was heating Sally's ass, as Sally struggled against Terry's grip, her ass was wiggling back and forth. Terry started to work deeper into her crack spreading the cream to Sally's puckered hole, teasing it with her finger.

'If I found I like this, so might she.' Terry was thinking. 

Oblivious to Sally's screams and tears; she worked her finger in and out of her tight little hole, whilst her other fingers started to work on Sally's cunt, she was wet! 

'Was she getting turned on by her onslaught?' She thought back when it happened to her 

'Were her squeals starting to take on a moan?' Terry popped her finger out and stood back.

"I'm not going to fuck someone unless I know they are clean, strip off and get in the shower and I will come in and check." with that Terry turned, walked from the bathroom heading straight to the kitchen; where turning on the hot tap at the kitchen sink would render the shower ice cold. 

Sally stood there thinking, 'What can I do, I can't just run out? I have to wait for a lift to come up and if I do that she might punish me again. This is rape, but what can I do and what would I do after? I can't go to the police station and say I was raped by another woman. The shame would be awful and then having to give evidence, how would my husband take it.' 

Sally turned on the shower and removed the rest of her clothes, feeling the temperature of the water. She tried to adjust it to make it warmer; it was ice cold as Terry walked back in. Terry just stared at her, Sally stepped in to the freezing stream of jets, her nipples went hard instantly on her very large chest; she hadn't noticed just how large they were under her blouse. 

"What size are they?" She asked, pointing at Sally's breasts. 

"36F." Sally whispered. 

"Gee, I thought mine where big at 36dd. Mind you, you could do with shaping them up a bit, bit saggy,"

"Why are you doing this to me?" Sally sobbed. "All I was doing was admiring your beautiful underwear." 

"Turn around and face the wall!" Terry barked. 

Taking an exfoliating sponge and some soap she started to scrub Sally's back; not gently but like scrubbing a dirty child. She took the sponge between Sally's legs and roughed up her pussy, she parted her legs slightly; it was as if it was natural but this was not, a forty three year old woman being scrubbed in a freezing cold shower. Terry was starting to get wet by all the splashing; she peeled off her crop top, her large breasts hanging free. Her nipples still pierced with the gold bars given to her by Selina's associate Zara; Terry had decided to keep them at least for the mean time, she was still on the fence if she was going to keep them in. 

She turned Sally around, working on her breasts making them glow with the roughness of the sponge. Sally stared at Terry's pierced nipples as she was being washed, she wondered how much that must have hurt; what she was going to do, maybe she could cut her deal with the bathroom suite, loose her commission but get away from this awful woman. Terry saw Sally staring but did not react; she just continued till the job was done, standing back she looked at Sally up and down.

"Those saggy tits need some work, but your legs are good and your shoulders look strong. I will have to do something about that bush of yours, you must get so sweaty." Terry pulled a face of disgust. 

"Sit on the toilet and spread your legs wide. That's it; put your feet up on the seat so you can spread them wider." Sally was very compliant Terry thought, maybe she was coming round. 

Kneeling between her thighs, she trimmed away most of the dark curls, leaving stubble. Spreading some shaving oil she started with the razor, holding her pussy closed she carefully removed all the remaining stubble. 

"Right, kneel on the seat and spread your ass." Sally did it without argument, holding her cheeks quite wide. Terry cleared away all the remaining hairs growing around her ass. With a resounding slap, Sally knew Terry was done. 

"Right, get into the lounge and make me some coffee, this has been hard work."

Terry followed her out sitting at the widow seat; turned on the television, flicking to the AV channel it showed Terry's position on the seat; the digital cam was set up just right. Sally came in with the coffee as Terry turned the television off and switched the stereo on; some smooth jazz filled the room. 

"Ring your office you are sick and going home; they will have to cancel the rest of your appointments for the day. After that I want you to ring your husband, tell him you have just secured a great deal, you want to go out somewhere special tonight, tell him you will meet him at 7pm." This was panning out just perfect.

She took the phone and made the calls, very well in fact. Terry got up and looked out of the huge windows; she felt that someone watched her on the far side of the Thames, a telescope maybe or binoculars. She had no evidence, she just felt it. In the past she had been making love on that very seat and it was as though she was putting on a performance for a viewer, this fact didn't spook Terry, in fact it was somewhat a fuel to a fantasy for her.

"Have a seat Sally; you seem to understand that we can work this situation out. You are going to give me a bigger discount; then you are going to pleasure me for the afternoon, then I'm going to fuck you, send you home to your husband ready for him to fuck you. Now isn't that nice of me?" 

Sally looked at Terry, and nodded, looking at Sally's bald cunt Terry asked, "So have you been with a woman before?" Terry enquired. 

Sally looked up and saw that she could see a baby pink silk thong. The shorts where so loose that access was easily available.

"Pull them aside and have a look at my nice sweet cunt." 

Using the words to shock and stimulate the situation, Sally reached up and pulled aside the shorts; peeling the tight thong from Terry's pussy, she saw that Terry was nearly bald except for a tiny little patch, just like a porn star she thought. How would she explain her bald pussy to her husband, she had never done that in the past; mind you he would probably like it knowing him. 

"Lick it, Sally use your tongue on my cunt; I want to cum in the next ten minutes, you had better get started otherwise your ass is going to be punished again but this time with my belt."

She would never explain belt welts to her husband. She reluctantly dipped her head into Terry's exposed pussy, tasting a woman for the first time; it wasn't so bad, slightly salty slightly sweet. Using her fingers she opened her pussy wider lapping with her tongue; running the tip of her tongue along the slit till she rested on Terry's clit, gently flicking it back and forth. If Sally was new to this she must have seen a lot of videos, she was acting like a woman who had done it all her life. Terry could feel her pussy starting to heat up, only five minutes had passed, that's not right. Terry pulled away and removed her shorts and thong, turning her back on Sally and bending forward at the waist, pushing her ass Sally's way. 

"Continue please." Although she said please, there was still the tone of authority. Sally leant forward and spread Terry's butt so she could get at her open wet pussy.

"Oh and don't forget pinky, will you Sally?" 

Sally shuddered; licking a woman was one thing but to lick her asshole. Sally applied the tip of her tongue to Terry's ass, probing her tongue around the bud; the pungent taste was not to her liking but it was not altogether horrible. It was having a definite effect on Terry, dipping her tongue from pussy to ass was making her groan. Terry bucked and heaved, grinding her ass back into Sally's face, nearly smothering her. Terry's pussy was very wet now as Sally licked at the wet juices. 

Suddenly Terry grunted an orgasm hit her. She rode it out then pulled away, turning to face Sally looking at her face all glistening.

"Now it's your turn honey, bend over the arm of the chair and wait for me." 

'Where was she going?' Sally pondered as she lay there ass prone upwards, waiting to be pleasured for the first time by another woman. 

Terry returned smiling with her hand behind her back. "Bury your face in the pillow Sally," 

Terry knelt between Sally's thighs and pried her cheeks apart with one hand, and with the other started to probe with a large black vibrator she had bought some months earlier. It was at least ten inches in length and thicker than any man's cock, it was smooth and hard. Sally's cunt gave no resistance to the big fat intruder.

Terry worked in it slowly but firmly, Sally gave little grunts; this time she was giving Sally loving slaps to her ass; more like a slap followed by a caress as she started a slow pumping rhythm, with each down stroke going a little deeper. Changing the slaps from cheek to cheek, she started to build a rhythm; pushing the full length in. Sally reached for her breasts the sensation growing tweaking her large erect nipples till they hurt.

Sally knew her body was now betraying her with signs of lust and sexual craving. It had been many a year since her husband had turned her on like this. The juice from Sally's cunt was all the lubricant Terry needed to be able to work her thumb into Sally's ass. Her thumb was popping her asshole as the fat black cock was reaming her cunt. Suddenly Sally convulsed, letting out a deep guttural groan and she slumped, spent!

Allowing Sally to rest and compose herself, they cuddled up on the chair. Nothing was said. Terry tapped on her laptop on the sideboard, and then turned the television on. The screen flicked to life. Sally stared in disbelief at what she saw; it was she licking the clit of another woman, her being fucked with a dildo. 

She burst out crying.

"There, there, it will never be seen by anyone but Me." with a long pause "Unless you do not agree to my wishes! Which are not overly demanding. You will give me the discount I ask for and you will visit me every time I'm in the country." 

Sally stared at the picture on the television screen. She must agree, if this got out on the net she would die. Her family would disown her; she would be cast out as a dirty slut of a whore!

Sally shook her head from side to side. 

"Well now you will have." Terry came round the back of the large sofa and draped one leg along the top. This made her shorts gape. 

"Can you see my thong, Sally?" 

"Right we better get you dressed to meet your husband then." Leading Sally through to her bedroom, Sally went to put her clothes back on.

"Not them things, I will supply you with a new outfit to give you an idea what I expect to see you in future," 

Terry enquired what size she was, she had an idea that most of her outfits would be a little tight on Sally, this was confirmed, Sally was a fourteen to Terry's size twelve, never mind. Taking a pale blue summer dress out, she held it against Sally. It was short and would show Sally's curves off well, slipping it over her head she pulled it down. It fit like a glove showing off her ample cleavage, it only just hung below her ass cheeks; waiting for some knickers, she quickly realised that there was none forthcoming; any breeze and her naked ass would be exposed to everyone. Luckily Sally and Terry shared the same shoe size so Terry was able to give Sally a matching pair of heels. 

"Ok, fix your makeup and make sure you use plenty, you want to cover up those puffy eyes. I will give you a lift; I want to make sure you don't change before you meet your old man."

As they left the building's garage in Terry's open top BMW, Sally wondered what her husband was going to say seeing her in scarlet lipstick and an outfit that would complement any high-class hooker.