 Arianna Whithall sighed quiet acceptance of her fate to herself. Her break was over; the work had to resume. She pushed herself up off the sofa in the communal room and straightened the creases out of her black pencil skirt, checked her hair and makeup were in order in the ladies' bathroom mirror, and headed back downstairs to the library. Her colleague, Pamela, smiled gratefully at her as she appeared, and rose from behind the desk to brush past her to attend her own break.

"Catch you later," she murmured, touching Arianna's arm in a show of friendship and reassurance.

"Enjoy the break," chirped Arianna, sitting down. She slipped her glasses out of her jacket pocket and slid them on, peering at the lists that lay before her -- of books returned and unreturned, inbound and outbound -- and the piles of books themselves. An intimidating display of collective knowledge and information about all subjects imaginable and more, to be sure, but Arianna was quite content with them; she had lived around and in her books for most of her life, and even the chunkiest tomes did not faze her. They had the great, thick trunks that were the books on the Light and priesthood to contend with -- hundreds if not thousands of them.

Picking out a sizable armful, she laid the relevant reference paper on top and set off, her high heels clacking across the carpeted floor. Now, she thought. Let's see... 'The Doghouse of Economics' -- E27. Stifling a faint snort of laughter at the book's cover, she ambled over to the aisle and wandered down it, scanning the towering shelves on either side. Not a bad setting for a murder novel, one can't help but note, she remarked idly to herself as she slid the book and a couple of others back into place. Thick books act as walls on either side -- high walls at that... Numerous corners from which the predator might pounce or drag his prey...

---

It had been an exhausting day for Samantha "Sam" Collins. She gave the familiar, friendly, single nods to her fellow carpenters as she walked -- or staggered -- out of the keep. Her mind was a blurry haze, and she took little notice of those who passed her in the street, or the pigeon she almost trod on before it noisily flapped away in alarm. In amongst the reel of flashing thoughts, one repeated itself over and over, and eventually stuck: Arianna, that soft, sexy thing. Her lips subconsciously curled into a faint, knowing smile; she knew Arianna was still at the library, working. What boring work that must be, she thought. Time to spice things up, love. And holy fuck, does she look good in that outfit.

As she approached the large, stern-looking brick building, Samantha already began to grow hot between her legs and felt a tingle resonating throughout her insides at the thought of Arianna's appearance.

She went inside and climbed the stairs to the floor she knew Arianna worked on. Glancing aside, she frowned. Nobody was at the desk. She decided to prowl. Peering between the varied aisles, she searched for her deluxe friend, for that familiarly curved body, that luxuriously silky, elegant hair.

As she turned the corner into the aisle of law, she halted suddenly, her breath catching in her throat.

There she was.

Standing on the tippy toes of her high-heeled shoes to slot a book away, Arianna stood with a small pile of books at her side and a piece of paper in her hand. As she struggled to slide the book in, Samantha paused, leaning against the nearby shelf to admire her body: her prim, business-like clothing, the incredibly curvy, luscious figure contained therein; the softness and sheer smoothness of her long legs, the black skirt wrapping around thick, plush thighs and containing a cushiony ass just begging to be held. Her breasts were veritably massive, straining against her shirt as she arched her back; the nipples were practically visible. Samantha knew their rubbery taste and feel, and the squeezable texture of her tits all too well. Her eyes drifted up to Arianna's gorgeous face -- her delicate, feminine facial shape; her luscious, oh-so lusciously full lips given a modest coating of lipstick; her large brown eyes, so easy to get lost in, and those glasses. Samantha felt herself go weak at the knees -- Arianna looked so sexily sophisticated in those glasses. Her dark brown hair, normally loose and flowing down in perfect silken waves to her hips, was up in an elegant bun, exposing Arianna's long, fragile neck. Samantha found herself licking her lips subconsciously. Light, this woman is so fucking delicious.

Suddenly, she marched forward, lavender eyes locked on her prey. Even as Samantha neared her, her target was still unaware. Unable to restrain herself as she saw the black skirt slide up over her smooth thigh when she bent over, she lunged for Arianna, clamping a hand over her mouth. Arianna yelped into her hand, dropping her books and papers and wriggling around. But Sam was many times stronger than she, and simply tilted her head back until she could gaze up into her eyes. As soon as Arianna saw who it was, she relaxed, her eyes growing lidded.

"Oh, Sammy," she murmured once Sam removed her hand. "That w-whoa!" Arianna was given no opportunity to say a word further, for Sam suddenly bent down and effortlessly slung her body up over her shoulder as though she were nothing but a sack of potatoes. Keeping her hand on Arianna's generous, supple ass to hold her in place, she walked purposefully to the end of the aisle, where a quieter corner of the library was. "Sammy, I'm at work!" Arianna hissed from over her shoulder, helpless to move. Sam merely smirked, and gave her backside a vigorous slap, making her aghast captive jerk.

"I know."

"But if they catch us-"

"They won't."

"How do you know?"

"You'll have to not scream your pleasure, love."

Arianna huffed, resigned to her fate as Sam carried her off. Towards the corner there was a little inlet of bookshelves where one could sit and enjoy some quiet reading. But this evening, it would be used for quite the opposite purpose.

Walking into the little cove, Sam slowly set Arianna down on her feet against the wall. Before she even had a chance to gather herself, Sam's lips were on hers, tongue insistently prising open her lips. The breath practically knocked out of her, her hands tentatively remained at her sides, unsure of what to do. But soon Sam grabbed her wrists hard and shoved them against the wall, pressing her own muscular body into Arianna's sweet softness. For Sam, the experience was almost cathartic; Arianna's lips were so impossibly soft, so comfortably cushy, so tasty with their lipstick, and her mouth so wet, that she struggled to find the will to let go. But there was the matter of the rest of Arianna's sexy body to have her way with. Ripping her lips away from hers, she roughly spun her around and held her against the wall, eliciting a grunt from the elegant librarian while Sam surveyed her catch: plump curves outlined perfectly by her shirt and skirt; supple ass rippling beneath the tight black material; long legs that seemed to go on forever. She licked her lips, staring unabashedly at her backside. There's only one thing for it.

Collecting both of Arianna's wrists in one strong grip, she held them against the wall. Arianna said nothing, apparently resigned to Sam's lusty, needy ministrations, but her breath came shallow and quick. Sam's other hand trailed up over the back of her thighs, and eventually slid over the generous curve of her asscheeks. Arianna inhaled audibly in anticipation; she had to bite her lip to stifle a gentle moan as Sam squeezed one lovely cheek. Her long lashes fluttered closed over her eyes. Fuck, she is so gorgeous, thought Sam, giving her another, longer, firmer squeeze for her efforts, watching her now-moistened lips part to release a little sigh. Leaving her hands where they were -- Arianna obediently kept them on the wall -- she cradled her asscheeks in both her palms, admiring their curvature. Sam's strong fingers easily dug into the linen of the skirt and the cushy softness of Arianna's ass beneath, and she watched the little creases she created beneath her fingertips in aroused wonderment, feeling herself grow hotter and hotter between her toned thighs.

Sam gave her another luscious squeeze, and Arianna whimpered, rising up on tiptoes. She squeezed again, and again, and again, unable to satiate herself -- the feeling of cupping her librarian friend's sweet ass was simply incredible, sending a sensation coursing through her fingers every time that she wanted -- needed -- to replicate every time she let her go. It was time to take a peek at the treasure that lay concealed, she decided. Slowly, Sam's fingers snuck up Arianna's tight skirt, unzipping it, hitching it up her creamy thighs and onto her wide hips, revealing her lacy panties -- pink, of course. Sam could've laughed; it's so Arianna, she thought, and so cute. All the while, Arianna remained completely placid, not lifting a finger in resistance as Sam slid her panties down her legs and thoroughly examined her naked ass. Her hands glided across the silky smooth skin, and she inhaled the warm air of the library deeply, practically purring at the knowledge of what was to come -- what was to be hers for the night. Two slender fingers of hers slid between Arianna's legs and teased their nails across her wet, hairless cunny, feeling the moist heat -- the mark of a woman's undeniable arousal. Slowly, she dipped both fingers up into her wet womanhood, scooping up a small sample of the honey in the pot; Arianna shivered, bowing her head as a moan escaped her quivering lips.

Sam hummed happily as she withdrew her fingers as languidly as she could, sending a helpless shudder rippling through Arianna's curves. She tilted Arianna's head back, and slid her middle finger between her parted lips, which closed around it hungrily in an 'o' shape as she quietly sucked and licked off her own juice. Sam then sucked the juice off of the other finger, and smacked her lips. "You taste good, love," she whispered, wiping her fingers dry on Arianna's cheek. "You'll taste even better later on... You have an hour left, right?"

"Yes..." Arianna affirmed breathily, her eyes still closed. Sam's hand then closed around her slim, fragile neck, giving her a gentle squeeze. Arianna stiffened up somewhat, briefly denied breath.

"I want you to get home to me as soon as possible," murmured Sam, though her voice possessed a deep gravity that brooked no argument. "You are going to be my plaything tonight. My toy." Arianna swallowed, and Sam constricted her neck again for a little longer. "Do you understand?" she growled in her ear.

"Y-yes," whispered Arianna as she caught her breath.

"Good girl. Now run along and finish your work, you lovely, busty thing." Sam released her throat and planted a soft kiss upon her lips, forcing herself to refrain from plundering the sexy librarian there and then. There would be ample time for that later, she knew.

Reaching down to her ass, Sam gave the bare, supple flesh one last squeeze, before pulling Arianna's panties back up and neatly slipping her pencil skirt back down herself. Arianna stumbled forward, mildly disoriented after the activities. Sam giggled, and swatted her delectable ass hard to jump-start her -- literally. "Go on, you! Work!"