 Carol Jane waited patiently at the door to room 2520 of the Excelsior hotel. For no reason she could tell, she smiled to herself recalling the last time she had actually been called Carol Jane. She had been sitting on Billy Talbert's chest, straddling him, with her knees pinning down his arms. When she finally stopped pelting him with both fists, Billy was bleeding from nose and lip and never dared to speak to or about Carol Jane again, much less call her by that name. She had been ten at the time. 

For the next sixteen years she has been simply C. J. In truth, about the only part of her life that had not changed since that day was that she still, for the most part, despised boys. That fact had continuously grown and evolved over the years until now she found herself working for the elite lesbian escort service in Phoenix, 'Le Plaisir'.

When the door opened, C. J. was tilting her head to one side and her long blonde hair was draping across half her face. She was balanced on one foot while adjusting the fit of a four inch heeled shoe, bracing herself against the door frame with her free hand.

She was wearing a very short black dress and her unbalanced state was presenting an impressive view of her very long, slim and tanned legs. But it was her smile that was always first noticed and it would immediately capture the admiration of every client she had ever served. She was smiling now as a quite young and very beautiful girl stood peering from around the half-opened door. 

The site of C. J. brought a smile from her as well and the two remained quiet in their respective places for a few seconds. "I hope you have wine." C. J. spoke softly as she lowered her foot and straightened to present her full six foot frame in all its glory.

"Ah." The girl said.

"Well, I've never had that vintage but I'm willing." C. J. said.

"Ah." The girl said again. "Excuse me?" She added.

C. J. Smiled at her. "It's the drink in those tall bottles." She said. "You know, with the little corks."

"I, uh," The girl paused and then giggled. "Oh, sure, wine. Of course." She looked C. J. over once more, slowing letting her eyes drift from head to toe and back again.

"You prefer we drink it in the hallway?" C. J. asked.

She giggled again and shook her head. "Of course not." But she still hesitated.

C. J. waited. "Would you?" The girl started but then paused as if she was deciding what to ask. "Please." She added and backed away so she could open the door and let C. J. in.

C. J. slowly moved pass the girl. There was not a hint of perfume, only the slightest trace of, maybe jasmine shampoo. C. J. liked the pure natural aroma of a woman, unmarred by foreign fragrances. And yes, every woman she had ever been with possessed their own unique fragrance, totally different yet always captivating to her.

C. J. entered the room and moved across to the bed where she turned and leaned against the tall corner post of the foot board. "You're Tess?" C. J. said. The girl looked even younger than the nineteen she had told Angela, C. J.'s manager.

Tess nodded and then pointed at a table were a bottle of white wine and two glasses set.

"Why don't you pour?" C. J. said. She watched the girl move. She wore a yellow sundress that was hemmed a bit above mid-thigh and with spaghetti straps. It was cut low on her back. She was short but very slender. Her hair was short and curly brown. And she had dimples. C. J. loved dimples. She wore simple black flats, no socks or hose and obviously not wearing a bra.

When she turned back to C. J., she had two glasses of wine and she offered one to C. J. "Well," C. J said. "There's only one bottle so I'm guessing I won't have to get you drunk."

"I. What?" Tess said. 

"To get you out of that dress." C. J. smiled at her. "That's why I'm here, right?"

"Well," Tess said. "I." Tess was clearly nervous.

"Why don't you just take it off now?" C. J. suggested.

"I guess I..." Tess paused.

"You want to, don't you?" C. J was whispering to her. She straightened and leaned close, putting her mouth against Tess's cheek, softly kissing her ear. 'Don't you?"

"Yes." The girl replied.

"Then go ahead. I like to watch." C. J. said. She kissed the girl's neck and her chin and then leaned back against the bed, sipping her wine and smiling.

Tess slowly used her toe to slip off her shoes and push them aside. She raised her arms causing the short dress to rise, presenting a magnificent pair of legs. She reached behind her back, finding the zipper on the dress and eased it down. When her arms came forward, the top of the dress fell from her shoulders. Her small athletic breasts were firm and her nipples erect. As she eased the dress down over her hips, C. J. unconsciously ran her tongue over her lips.

The girl straightened and stepped free from the dress now laying on the floor. She stood there in just a small pair of yellow panties. C. J. winked at her. "Show me." She said.

Tess slowing brought her hands to the top of her panties and slid her thumbs inside. She began to draw them down, letting them roll over her thighs and gather, still concealing her pubic area. Then she leaned forward, worked them over her hips and let them drop to collect with her dress on the floor.

When the girl straightened, C. J. could see that her mound was smooth shaven and her labia was very petite but her small clitoris was poking from under it's hood. She was already aroused. 

"Come here." C. J. said not giving the girl's modesty time to kick in. When she was within arm's reach, C. J. ran the fingers of her right hand along the girl's arm, curled them around it and drew her close. C. J.'s lips found Tess's and she kissed her long and tenderly. When they parted, C. J.'s hand cupped Tess's chin, turning her face to one side as she began kissing her cheek and her neck. She leaned in. letting her lips explore along Tess's shoulder and across her upper chest. "Get on the bed." C. J. said.

She watched as the girl made her way to the edge and used a knee to pull herself up onto the big bed. The girl now watched as C. J. lowered her own zipper and unceremoniously let it fall to the floor. She unhooked the front-clasp bra and tossed it aside. Standing now in just her panties, she moved to the side of the bed. "You're very young, beautiful, and desirable, why on earth do you prefer prostitutes?" C. J. asked.

"I, I guess. I'm just not very good at relationships." Tess said softly.

With her fingers in the top of her panties, Tess watched as C. J. slid them down and stepped free of them.

C. J. eased herself up onto the bed until she was kneeling next to Tess. C.J. bent down and their lips met and they kissed. When their lips parted, C. J. whispered. "Angela told me there was something you were very good at. Is that right?"

Tess nodded.

C. J. eased herself forward and as she stared into Tess's eyes, she raised one leg and placed it across Tess. As Tess waited, she slid one knee and then the other forward. Finally, C. J. ran the fingers of both her hands through Tess's hair, gripped her firmly and then lowed her sex to Tess's waiting mouth. "Show me baby." 

C. J. moaned as Tess's lips wrapped around her labia and she felt the first trace of the girl's tongue slide along her vagina. It was a rare client indeed who wanted to please her. Nearly all, understandably wanted all the pleasure for themselves with no expectation of returning it. And that was fine with C. J., after all, that was her job. It was the way she chose to earn a living. But the odd opportunity does come along when a self-conscious woman just wanted the pleasure of pleasuring another woman, in private and in safety. When they did, C. J. was more than willing to change hats, so to speak. And on those very, very rare times when someone as lovely as this beauty she now straddled wanted to spend the night pleasing her, well, C, J, intended to make sure this little lover got her moneys worth.

C. J. was slowly sliding fore and back as that magical tongue stabbed at her clit and that suction-cup mouth was already making her ooze her juices and they were coating the girl's face. C. J. increased her tempo and Tess responded by lapping her faster, shoving her tongue deeper into C. J.'s vaginal tunnel.

C. J.'s fingers gripped Tess's hair and she pulled, forcing the girl's mouth tight to her pussy and she whimpered and humped as her first climax rose in her gut and she began to soak the young lover beneath her. When it peeked, C. J. froze mid thrust as her ass shuddered and her orgasm crashed over her. Tess never skipped time and C. J. enjoyed an amazing climax and as she began to calm, the girls tongue was making long strokes from clit to anus, gathering every drop of C. J.'s offering.

C. J. finally released Tess's hair and rolled off of her, to lean against the headboard. She patted Tess's head gently and then slid her hand under her shoulders. "Everything I was told." C. K. said. She tugged and the girl rolled like a rag doll over between C. J.'s legs. C. J. drew her knees up until she could place the soles of her feet onto Tess's back. "No rush baby." She whispered. "But whenever you're ready." She looked down at the girl as she slipped her hands under C. J.'s bottom, cupped her butt and lowered her mouth, her lips clamping onto a waiting swollen clitoris. 

C. J. ran her fingers over Tess's hair. "All night." She whispered. "You requested I stay with you all night." She patted Tess's head. "You sure you want that?"

The girl nodded. 

"I intend to use you mercilessly." C. J. whispered. "I need to know this is what you want." C. J. lifted her ass and the girl gripped her as if she feared losing her. "Tell me."

Tess's mouth pulled free of C. J.'s pussy and she raise her eyes to meet C. J.'s. "Please." She said. 

C. J.'s fingers ran under her chin, along her cheek, over her forehead. Then she placed them on the back of Tess's head and eased her down until she felt the girl lap her clit once more. "Remember." She whispered. "You're mine until morning." Her ass began to rock to the time of the girls tongue. "Deeper." She said. "Love me deep. I like that."

Tess jammed her tongue as far into C, J. as she could and began wiggling the tip along the walls of C. J.'s vagina.

"Fuck." C. J. moaned. She was humping the girl's mouth and her feet pinned her to the bed before her. She began to writhe as Tess sucked hard on her clit. Her hands returned to the back of Tess's head and she drew her knees up. She was nearly in a fetial position when her second orgasm rolled over her. Tess never wavered. She sucked and lapped and jabbed and C. J.'s ass flopped around beneath her. C. J. road it for all it was worth. She held Tess's mouth tight to her pussy until she felt her arms cramping. 

It was some time before C. J. finally tossed a leg over Tess and rolled to the edge of the bed, sliding her feet to the floor. She leaned over and dropped her head, placing a kiss on Tess's cute round ass cheek. As she straightened, she had a momentary thought that it would be enjoyable to please this young beauty. 'No.' she thought, this way is much more fun. She patted that sweet little ass and disappeared into the bathroom.

When she returned fifteen minutes later, Tess had gotten out of bed and was downing the last of a glass of wine. Tess looked toward C. J. She held out the glass. "Would you like some more?"

"Not wine." C. J. smiled.

Tess giggled, set the glass on the table and returned to stand in front of C. J. "Cross ways." She said.

Tess looked at her. Seemed confused.

"The bed" C. J. said. And then she repeated. "Cross ways."

Tess crawled onto the middle of the bed and lay down so her head was at the far edge and her feet hung over the near side. C. J. slowly walked around to the opposite side. "Your back." She whispered and Tess rolled over. C. J. slid her fingers under Tess and then tugged, causing her to slide forward until her head and the top of her shoulders now extended beyond the edge of the mattress. She looked down at the girl. Slowly, she turned to face away from Tess and then rose up onto her tiptoes, moved her feet apart and eased herself back until her legs touched the bed. When she looked down, Tess's eyes peered up from between her legs.

She smiled. "Just where I like you." She said. She ran her fingers between her legs and eased her labia apart exposing the entrance to her vagina. "You want more?" She whispered.

"Please." Tess said. "Please." 

C. J. said. "Come." Tess raised her head and began to pleasure C. J. once more.

The positions were a bit uncomfortable for both of them and C. J. wanted to see which one gave in first. It wasn't Tess. C. J. humped the girl's mouth for twenty minutes before she could endure the odd position any longer. When she lifted herself away from Tess's mouth she was sure she heard a moan. "Don't worry baby. I'll be right back with you. Slide down." She said.

Tess moved until she was all the way on the bed but still cross ways. "Further." C. J. said and Tess moved until her knees draped over the far edge. C. J then crawled onto the bed and worked her way forward until she straddled Tess's head. She moved a little farther where her knees were at Tess's sides. She slowly slipped her hands over her butt cheeks and spread them. "Love me here." She began to settle onto Tess and she felt the girl's tongue make its first tentative swipe over C. J.s anus.

"Take your time baby." C. J said and the tongue paused at her dark entrance and the tip wiggled gently and then moved on to lap at her sex. Tess's alternated between C. J.'s pussy and her anus and lapped both with equal interest. C. J. leaned forward, laying her head on Tess's thighs, the side of her face caressed by the softest flesh that only youth can provide. She closed her eyes and began to work her hips slowly and that magic tongue pleasured her. 

She had nearly drifted off to sleep when she sensed Tess working seriously at her entrance. Her tongue was poking at her tight darkness wanting access. C. J. tried to relax her ring and she felt that relentless tongue prying her open and her ass began to rise and settle encouragingly. Tess would work ever harder each time C. J. pressed her ass down. C. J. felt a growing heat in her gut and that familiar craving was building. Her anus was yielding to that wonderful tongue and Tess was in her.

C. J. held still as the girl used her. As she penetrated her ass with a tongue that was now feeling larger and firmer than before. Her pussy, even without attention, was soaking the girl's chest, running down the sides of her neck. The muscles of her abdomen tightened as Tess shoved deep into her ass. Her orgasm came slow to her this time. Not a rush or crashing wave but an overwhelming, gut clenching, agonizing and seemingly endless shudder of ecstasy. She moaned into Tess's thigh. Her fingers gripped Tess's hips. Her ass just rolled slowly on the girl's ever pleasuring mouth.

As her climax fainted, she began to slide back, running her soaked pussy over Tess's lips and Tess would clean her. Finally, without notice, C. J. rolled away, panting, searching for breath. "Come here." C. J. said. "Please." She added.

Tess turned and rose to her knees, kneeling as C. J. pulled her down. C.J. found the girl's mouth and kissed her with a passion that surprised even her. "You taste like pussy." C. J. whispered. "Go brush your teeth."

Tess paused and then giggled. C. J. patted her ass. "Go." Tess disappeared into the bathroom.

When she reemerged, she looked fresh with a cool washed face and a sparkling smile. She was still nude when she came to the end of the bed and looked at C. J. "Do you want me to get dressed and go?"

"I want you to get us another glass of wine." Tess smiled and went to the table and poured out the last of the wine.

When she handed one to C. J., she set on the edge of the bed and sipped. "Call room service." C. J. said. Tess looked at her. "I don't think one bottle is going to be enough." Tess hopped up and hurried to the phone, excited to know her evening wasn't ending anytime soon.