 Dear readers,

This is another plot suggested by one of you.

I have strived for lightness and some comic relief in this story instead of the harsh aspects of previous stories, but have I succeeded? Maybe it's too vanilla. I'll find out when I get feedback. 

*

A great place to read, uh, learn about lesbian sex.

"Stop giggling, Priss. Someone is going to hear you. The librarian will send someone up here to see what we're doing. You know we're not supposed to be up here. Please be quiet."

"I'm sorry, Penny. I can't help it. I'm nervous and embarrassed because of what we're doing."

Priss was sitting on the only chair in the carrel in front of the computer. The other three young women were huddled around her, somewhat awed by what they were seeing on the monitor.

They were very close friends and hung out together when they had free time. Priscilla, Penelope, and Pauline were known by their fellow university students as 'The Peas'. Sandra and Penelope were dorm roommates as were Priscilla and Paula. 

Their rooms in Benson Hall were next to one another. Where you found one girl, you were likely to find the other three. They were on the research floor, forbidden to students, of the university library; they were watching a porn site, also forbidden to students, on the uncensored computer. They had known such sites existed but were discreet enough not to watch them on their own laptops. When another coed whispered to them about the one they were watching, they had waited until no one was on the third floor and took the chance to check out the site. It was about two female roommates who cruised around picking up cute 'chicks' and taking them back to their apartment for sex.

"How do they manage to find girls who want to have sex with them?" Priss asked no one in particular.

"Grow up, Priss. That isn't reality. Some film company is paying them to act this out. The company is providing the new girls who they are screwing. There's no way they would go around asking girls if they want to eat pussy."

"Paula, don't use those words. It isn't nice," reproached Priss.

Paula looked at the other girls and rolled her eyes, unseen by Priss who was facing the computer.

"Do you think girls actually, uh, lick vaginas of other girls," queried Penny.

"Well, these girls are doing it, aren't they." Answered Paula.

"Yes, but as you said, they're probably getting money to do it. Would anyone do it if they weren't getting paid?" said Penny.

"You girls are so dam naïve. Of course, girls do it. I read somewhere that a large percentage of women are lesbians or bisexual or bi-curious, maybe half. I know for a fact that some women in Benson Hall are having sex with each other," declared Paula, wistfully. "They don't have to worry about getting preggers, getting guys to wear a rubber, or catching some STD from a guy."

"Oh Paula, you're making that up. Aren't you?" asked Penny.

"I am not! Sandra, tell her what you overheard that beautiful black girl in your economics class tell her friend."

All eyes turned toward Sandra. "Well, the girl, Andrea, was telling her friend that she suspected that her roommate, Jan, was a lesbian. This is the reason she thought that: Andrea has been having sex in their dorm room about three times a week. She had asked Jan to lie on her bed and face the wall while she was screwing her boyfriend. They caught Jan peeking once in a while, but Andrea and Brad thought that was a bit stimulating and didn't tell Jan to quit watching them.

One night, Brad had just come in Andrea and when they looked up, Jan was standing beside them. She told them that she was curious about what semen tasted like and would it be okay if she licked a little of it. Andrea thought she meant Jan wanted to lick it from Brad's dick and said, 'sure, just don't suck him.' Well, instead of licking Brad's dick, she bent over and put her tongue in Andrea's pussy. 

Andrea was so surprised that she didn't stop Jan. Jan sucked and licked every drop of Brad's cum out of Andrea's vagina.

It didn't end there. Now, every time Andrea and Brad screw, Jan licks Andrea's pussy. It's been going on the entire semester. Andrea finally figured out that Jan wasn't really interested in Brad's cum. She just used that as an excuse to eat Andrea's pussy.

Andrea wasn't about to stop her because it felt dam good. Brad wasn't going to stop her because it excited him. Men like to watch girls eating each other." 

Penny and Priss felt their genitals sort of twitch when they heard the story. They stared at Sandra waiting for her to tell some more, but that was all that she knew.

"Wow!" exclaimed Penny. "I wonder what it feels like to have someone's tongue in your, you know, down there." She felt the twitch again. She may even be getting a bit wet.

They settled down and watched the two blonde girls on the sex site talk to another young brunette woman at a sidewalk café. After a few minutes, all three got into a van and the next scene was in a well-furnished apartment. They sat on a sofa and deep kissed each other. They disrobed and the blondes began feeling up the brunette. They fondled her breasts and caressed her belly. One blonde slid to the floor, pushed the brunette's legs apart and began licking her inner thighs. 

Priss jumped up from the chair in front of the monitor and exclaimed, "Oh dear, that-that-that stuff makes me feel very strange. I can hardly catch my breath. Penny, why don't you take my chair? I'm going to stand just outside the carrel until I feel better. My face feels funny."

Paula said, "I'll bet it's not her face that feels funny." And the other two girls giggled. 

By this time, the three girls on the sex site were lying in a circle on the floor with their faces between the legs of the next girl. 

Paula said, "I think that's called a 'daisy chain' when they all eat each other at the same time. We ought to try that some time." She laughed, pretending to be joking. Sandra and Penny were speechless. They were enthralled by what they were watching.  

Priss came back into the carrel and asked, "What's happening? What did I miss?" 

The other three laughed at her and told her she should stay and watch. Priss was torn between wanting to watch what the girls on the sex site were doing and by her prudish upbringing. She couldn't decide whether to watch or leave again. She decided to watch, but she was very embarrassed. Did women really lick each other's ....? The scene on the monitor fascinated her but left her weak. She leaned against Paula for support and Paula put her arm around her. She watched the screen intently and found herself beginning to hyperventilate. She realized that Paula had her hand on her breast and was gently squeezing it. Priss was about to push Paula's hand away but just couldn't bring herself to do it. It felt very nice. 

She took her eyes off the monitor and noticed that Sandra was caressing Penny's bottom. Now she knew why people said porn caused bad things to happen. It was affecting her and her three friends. 

"Sandy, stop rubbing my rear," Penny demanded. "It's making me tingle."

"Penny, that's what I'm trying to do. I think we should try what they're doing on screen."

Penny spoke up. "No way. That's not natural. Keep your hands to yourself, Sandy. Priss, let's go back to the dorm."

"Wait, Sandy. Maybe we should see what it's all about. We can just touch each other. 

It does feel good. We don't have to go any farther."

"Oh, wow, Priss. You certainly changed your mind. You were the one who couldn't even watch and had to leave for a while. What happened to you?"

"Well, we're in college. We should experience what's going on in the world. Isn't that part of our education." Paula was now kneading Priss' breast, and she was starting to breathe harder. Paula reached around with her other hand and cupped both of Priss' breasts. Priss leaned backward into Paula. She could feel her genitals throbbing. She couldn't stop the progression of her emotions if she tried; she didn't try. Her vision blurred, and she began to gasp. She had gone from zero to one hundred miles an hour within seconds. 

"I'm not going to be a part of this," exclaimed Penny. "You're all going to get into trouble with the librarian and with your parents when they find out you've been fooling around with sex -- and with other girls. Where's your morality?"

Paula piped up, "Penny, we're all adults. We're over 18 and our parents have nothing to do with this. Anyway, we are not having sex. We're just caught up in the moment because of those girls on the web. We're just touching each other. We still have our clothes on. The only way we'll have trouble with the librarian is if you open your big mouth and tell her that we're on the third floor. So, Miss goody-two-shoes, go back to the dorm and watch Sesame Street. You can play with us adults when you grow up." 

Penny picked up her books and left. Paula pulled Priss against her and kissed her passionately on the lips. She probed Priss' mouth with her tongue until Priss opened it and sucked Paula's tongue. 

When the kiss ended, Paula said, "Priss, I've been wanting to kiss you ever since we were assigned to be roommates. But I thought you would think I was a lesbian if I did. Wow, you're a great kisser. I wish now that I had kissed you when the semester started. We could have been doing it right along. Kissing, I mean."

Priss was too breathless to reply. Sandra said, "Hey, what about me? Don't I get a kiss?"

Paula turned, put her arms around Sandra and kissed her with the same passion that she had with Priss. All three girls were fully aroused and stood there staring at each other. What came next? Should they continue along this avenue they started or take the safe way out and go back to their dorm? In unison, they turned and watch the girls on the screen going down on each other. They looked at each other and began taking off clothing. 

"Girls, I'm sorry I ran off. I should have known you wouldn't go any farther. Where are you? You must still be here. Your books are here in the carrel." Penny began looking down the stacks until she came to the alcove at the end of the last stack. 

Her friends were on the floor of the alcove, out of sight of the rest of the room. They were naked from the waist down. Priss was on her back with her knees pulled nearly to her shoulders. Sandy was on her knees leaning over Priss' face and, having unbuttoned Priss' blouse, was licking her breasts. Sandy's breasts were down in Priss' face with a nipple in her mouth. Paula was on her knees, too, but her face was buried in Priss' pussy. 

Penny could hear Paula sucking from ten feet away. She stood there staring at the scene in front of her. She wanted to run but was rooted to the spot. Her friends looked just like the scene on the computer. She moved closer and watched them until she began to feel her vagina ache and get wet. Without conscious thought, she began unzipping her jeans and kicking them off. She tried taking off her panties while standing on one foot and then the other. She almost fell over when she miscalculated and tried to take them off both ankles at the same time. She dropped them on the floor just outside the alcove, thought better of it, picked them up, and stuffed them into a pocket of her jeans. She threw the jeans into the far corner of the alcove and knelt down next to the other girls. She had no idea what had happened to her sandals. She didn't recall taking them off. 

Unaware that Penny had returned and too engrossed in their activities to notice her at first, they were jolted back to reality when she spoke up, "Girls, I'm sorry I ran off. What are you doing?"

Paula took her tongue out of Priss' pussy and said, "Penny, what the fuck does it look like we're doing? How long have you been here? Is there anyone else on this floor now?"

"No, no, no one but me. But you're going to get in trouble doing, uh, what you're doing."

"And you're not going to get into trouble, kneeling there with your bare ass hanging out? Where are your clothes? Ours are in that pile over there. Put yours on top."

"I don't know where mine are. They must be around here somewhere. I had them on before I saw what you were doing. Oh, they're over there in the corner against the wall." She retrieved her jeans, turned the legs so they weren't inside out any more, and put them on the pile atop the rest of their clothes. She couldn't find her shoes. She hurriedly pulled her Polo shirt over her head and took off her bra. She was the only one completely naked. 

"What the hell are you doing, Penny? It's going to take you longer to get dressed if someone comes up here. At least put your shirt back on."

"No, I want Sandra to suck my nipples like she was doing to Priss."

Paula laughed at her. "That's a one eighty, Penny. I thought you were against this sort of thing. What changed your mind?"

"I really wanted to do, uh, do it, but I was afraid at first. I didn't want you to think I'm easy. I wouldn't have come back if it weren't for that sexy scene on the Internet. Then when I saw you three having fun, I didn't want to be left out. What can I do to join in?"

"Well, you can eat me while Sandra sucks your tits and Priss can do, uh, whatever you want her to do. Lie on your back over here. I'll straddle your face and you can stick your tongue in my pussy. Have you eaten pussy before? No? Well it's not difficult. Just lick and suck until I come. I'll come in your mouth but don't panic. Just start swallowing when you taste my cum. 

It's no big deal. It tastes better than shrimp but without the sauce. Ready? Set? Here I come. Well, not yet but soon. I'm horny as hell from eating Priss. Can you lick Penny while she's licking me, Priss? What? You don't know how either? Just do to her what you felt me doing to you a little while ago. Sandra, I'll take care of you as soon as I come. How the hell did I get mixed up with a bunch of novices?"

Forty-five minutes later, all four coeds were sated and dressed. Penny still hadn't found her shoes and her panties were in her jeans pocket. She thought of taking her jeans back off and putting her panties on, but the other three had already started down the library stairs. To hell with her panties. She would go to dinner without them on. The four girls linked arms and skipped across the campus to the cafeteria. The seam in Penny's jeans rubbed her labia as they all skipped along, and by the time they reached their destination, she was sore and horny again. Maybe they would eat again when they got back to the dorm after supper. 

"Darn, I must have stepped on something sharp. My foot hurts. I wonder where my shoes are?" Penny thought.

After dinner, back in the dorm, the four girls were in Paula and Priss' room, laughing and talking about their sexual tryst in the library. 

Sandra said, "Paula, you told me you'd, uh, take care of me back in the library. You licked me, but you quit before I had an orgasm. You owe me. I'm still horny. Can you do it now?"

"Sure, Sandy, take your shorts and panties off. You have a really round butt. Okay if I spank it someday? Sit on the bed, but slide forward, so your pussy is where I can reach it." 

She pushed her hair back into a ponytail and put a band on it to keep it out of her way. She knelt in front of Sandra and slid her face up between the girl's thighs. 

"Sandy, move your legs apart and give me some head room. Get it. 'Head' room. What is it with you girls? Don't you have a sense of humor? You have no idea what I'm talking about, do you?"

She licked Sandra's legs from mid thigh to her crotch until Sandra began to breathe heavily. Then she licked Sandra's slit from her canal opening, up through her labia, and over the girl's clitoris. Sandra trembled, grabbed Paula's ponytail and pulled her face closer. She kept thrusting her pussy harder and harder into Paula's face. 

Paula pulled back and asked, "Sandy, don't you wipe yourself after you pee? You taste pissy. Never mind. I've licked it up already. Just warn me when you're ready to come. 

I'll open my mouth and catch your cum. I'm curious about what yours tastes like."

She licked up through Sandra's slit and sucked the girl's clitoris from time to time. Listening to Sandra's heavy breathing, she could tell that Sandra was getting close to coming; she stepped up her licking pattern. She had been reaching up and kneading Sandra's breasts; she moved to the girl's nipples and twisted them between her thumb and pointer finger like she was winding a watch.

"Close, Paula, very close," gasped Sandra through gritted teeth. "Now. Now. Now. Oooh, now." She pumped her cum into Paula's mouth in long, explosive spurts. She felt as though she were a deflating balloon expelling all of its air. After swallowing Sandra's cum, Paula thrust her tongue deep into the girl's vagina and kept it there until Sandra stopped shuddering. Then she sucked the girl's clitoris into her mouth and pulled it in as hard as she could.

After a few minutes of sucking Sandra's clitoris, the girl hoarsely whispered, "Again, Paula, I'm coming again. Nooooow, Now. Oooooooh." She experienced that deflating balloon feeling, again. Paula swallowed the girl's pussy juice and thrust her tongue back into her vagina.

"Paula, no more, please. I'm so sensitive that it tickles and hurts at the same time."

"Sandy, you're a pussy, a wuss, if you can't handle any more stimulation. I could give you a hundred orgasms if you could stand it. You ought to practice masturbating over and over until you can tolerate a bunch of sequential orgasms. 

You have to get your clit used to a lot of rubbing and stimulation. You could get much stronger orgasms than just these first or second ones. You'll think you died and went to fuck heaven. 

By the way, your cunt is delicious and your pussy juices are thick as syrup and taste sweet and salty at the same time; your ejaculation has no taste at all. I'd be so willing to lick you to fuck heaven if you would practice so you can endure many, many multiple orgasms. My tongue is always ready for more pussy. YUM!" 

The other two girls, Priss and Penny are sitting on Priss' bed watching the spectacle unfolding across the room. Priss is holding her groin. Their jaws are open and they are speechless for the moment.

Finally, Priss speaks up, "I came when you did, Sandy, and I wasn't even playing with myself. I'm all wet. I have to take off my pants and panties, or they'll get my bed all wet. I'm telling you that because I don't want you to think I expect someone to eat me." 

She takes off the wet clothes; she puts her bed pillow between her legs and rubs her loins back and forth on it to dry them; she sits back on her bed naked from the waist down. She makes no move to put on dry clothes. Maybe she IS expecting someone to eat her.

Penny hears the implied request in Priss' voice, slides off the bed onto her knees, and asks, "Priss, can I try to make you come? I'm getting horny again, too." Priss is unable to vocalize her answer, but nods her head in agreement. 

She is again highly aroused and Penny's offer takes her emotions up several notches. She is Ready with a capital 'R'. She can sense her vagina filling with moisture and spreads her legs for Penny's face. Penny moves between Priss' wide open thighs, looks up at Priss for confirmation, and, getting another nod, begins to lick Priss' love box. Before Penny can get her fill of licking, Priss cries 'now' and spurts all over Penny's face. Priss hands Penny the already damp bed pillow to wipe her face with.  

"Are you finished, Priss?" Penny asks. "I wasn't ready yet. Can we try again? Let me know when you're about to come. Okay?" Priss nods yes again and opens her legs wider than she did the first time. Then she pulls them back almost to her shoulders giving Penny complete access to her vagina.
