 I’ve decided to stay after class to do some work in the library. A woman walks in the door that I've seen before but don't know her name. I know that she’s caught my eye on more than one occasion though and I’d like to get to know her better.

She glances my way and sits in a chair near me. I find it strange that she sits near me as the library is empty except for the librarian and the two of us. She smiles as she sits down and accidentally drops a book. As she bends down to pick it up I have a magnificent view of her cleavage.

We lock eyes and I start blushing as she sits back in her chair and she just smiles. I'm feeling a little flustered at this point and she's only just sat down. I continue reading but I can feel her eyes on me. 

I look up and smile and she says, “I'm sorry to bother you but I see that we might be taking the same course.  Would you like to go into one of the study rooms with me?”

I'm a little shocked by her forwardness but I readily agree. So we go into one of the study rooms and close the door. She reaches past me to close the blinds and her hand brushes against my hand. As she closes the blinds, she leans against me. I can feel her breasts through her sweater. I can feel her nipples getting harder.

She puts her arms around my neck and looks into my eyes.

“I’ve felt you watching me whenever we run into each other. I know that you want me – I can see the hungry look in your eyes every time you look at me. I’ve been waiting for you to make a move, but I got tired of waiting so here we are.”

She leans in to kiss my neck and then blows in my ear and runs her tongue around the outside of my ear. She nibbles her way down my neck and up my cheek. She stops before reaching my mouth and just hovers inches above my lips. She licks my lips seductively with her tongue and then her lips connect with mine.

Her tongue is probing my mouth searching for my tongue as her hands start to massage my breasts and play with my nipples. She's got me pinned against the wall and she's pressing against me. We're both moaning openly now.

She reaches under my shirt and massages my breasts through my bra. She reaches behind me and unhooks my bra. Her fingers waste no time finding my hard nipples. She guides me towards the study table and sweeps our books onto the floor. She gently guides me to the table and pushes me back onto it until I'm lying on it. She's on top of me very quickly.

She's has her leg between mine and is grinding her knee into my pussy. Her hands are once again playing with my nipples and massaging my breasts. She rolls my nipples between her fingers. She pulls my shirt over my head and quickly removes my bra.

Her tongue finds my nipple and she circles it with her tongue and rolls the other one between her fingers while grinding into my pussy with her knee. 

She seems to be a mind reader because just when I feel that it’s getting a little hot, she goes for my zipper. She gets me out of my pants pretty quickly until I'm in my underwear. She slides down until her face is inches away from my pussy. Teasingly, she flicks my clit with her tongue through the fabric. She then massages my pussy with her hand - I can feel that the underwear is soaking wet.

She slowly pulls the underwear down licking every inch of exposed skin. She licks everywhere but my clit just to prolong the teasing. Then she pounces and her tongue finds my clit. She starts moaning at the same time that I do. I grab the back of her hair and grind my pussy into her face.

Her fingers slide inside me and she starts to move them in and out while flicking my clit with her tongue. She senses that I’m getting close to having an orgasm and she slows down and starts to slowly build me back up. I moan in frustration and she just giggles.

She starts to move her fingers in and out faster now and she slips one finger into my ass. This is too much for me and I cum with a loud moan.

She comes up to lie on top of me and somehow she’s now naked. I can feel her wetness running down the inside of her thigh. 

“Now I want you to do something for me.” She says as she gets off me goes to search through her bag. She comes back with a strap on and my eyes light up. 

“I’ll just bet that you know how to use one of these babies don’t you?”

I just lick my lips and nod. She grins and starts to put it on me. I start to get up but she pushes me back down onto the table. I’m on my back on the table. She gets up onto the table and straddles me. She slides the strap on into her wet pussy and starts to ride it up and down. I reach up and play with her breasts and nipples. 

All too quickly she starts to moan and I know that she’s having an orgasm. She collapses on top of me to catch her breath. 

She looks at me and says, “I can go again if you’re up for it.”

“Sure, what would you like?” I ask her.

“Oh surprise me baby.” 

So, I untangle myself from her and maneuver her so she’s on her stomach leaning over the table and her ass is hanging over table a bit. I slip into her from behind. I hang on to the table for leverage and start to really give it to her. She’s moaning loudly now and playing with her nipples. All kinds of dirty things are coming out of her mouth. This just urges me on to fuck her harder. So I give it to her as hard as I can and I slip a finger into her ass. This makes her crazy and she wants me to fuck her ass harder and fuck her pussy hard as well. I fuck her as hard as I can and I can tell that she’s coming. She’s moaning so loud I’m surprised that the librarian has not come in to see what’s happening.

I slowly pull out and she sighs in contentment. She lies on the table for a couple of minutes. She then sits up and looks at me.

“I know you’d be a good fuck.” She tells me. 

She smiles and starts to get dressed. I take off her toy and get dressed myself.

“Do you always carry that with you?” I ask.

“Only when I have a mission in mind.” 

“Will I see you again?” I ask.

“Meet me in the locker room next week. Same time.”

She smiles and kisses me sweetly and walks out the door. I shake my head as I realize that I still don’t know her name.