 You probably wouldn't guess that I would be the type of person to be checking if there's an erotica section in the local public library. My coworkers say I have a "white collar face", with high cheek bones, smart glasses, and a resting bitch face that can put anyone to shame. And I happened to look pretty professional today too with my crisp black blazer, black pencil skirt, heels that click when you walk, and "take no shit" attitude on my face. I was finally free of my last meeting and was on my way home when I became...curious. 

It was a simple decision: keep walking straight for the few blocks that go to my apartment, or turn left and walk the few blocks to the library. I have never wondered this before, and I didn't even read much erotica. But it was an impulse I didn't see why I should not follow. So I turned left and clicked my way to the library. 

Upon opening the doors, I saw that the people behind the front desk were too busy reading to give me much thought. Very relaxed place, I thought. I walked up the steps to the main book holding location and quietly perused the shelves. I didn't know exactly what to look for, so I just wandered aimlessly between the rows of books, hoping to see something that would catch my eye. 

It was here I saw a girl with long, wavy auburn hair and a tight button down shirt. I caught her staring at me, and she immediately looked down. She was at the end of my aisle stocking books. Her little rolling cart was packed to the brim with books. I saw that she was wearing a nametag, but I couldn't see her name. I returned to looking for books. 

"E....Ea...Em...fuck," I whispered quietly. They must not have it here. I kept walking, checking the other side of the aisle to see if I maybe missed something. 

From the space between the top of the books to the bottom of the shelf, I saw her turn her head and look at me, but I didn't really mind much. I just wanted to find something and go home. 

"But they have five copies of The Great Gatsby. Ha." I said quietly to myself. 

"Excuse me, ma'am, is there something you're looking for?" Maddie was looking at me now, smiling. The carpet muffled her footsteps as she walked towards me. 

"No no, I'm just, browsing," I said. "Thanks." I sounded a bit harsher than I wanted to. But she just smiled, standing a bit closer. 

"Anything you had in mind?" she said again. Her voice was deep, sultry. Her button-down blouse stretched tight over her breasts. I know what I had in mind. 

"Actually..." I said, deciding whether or not I should actually tell her what I was here for. But she was looking at me with round brown eyes, and a slight smirk as if she already knew. She shifted her stance a bit. She was originally standing heels together, but, while still looking me in the eye, she spread her legs just a bit. "Do you have an adult section?" I said, quietly, so no one would hear. 

Her smirk grew into a grin. "We do," was all she said. She was baiting me now. 

"Well, where is it?" I asked again, trying not to fall for this trap. But her top is so tight. 

"In this library." was all she said again. Her eyes shined like a cat with a mouse. 

Fuck it, I thought. 

"Would you please mind showing me, Maddie?" With that, I offered my own smirk. Her grin grew. She took my hand and led me through a convoluted series of aisles and doorways and hallways, all of which I couldn't keep up with. Do they really keep the adult section this hidden? I didn't know. But with every step, I saw her strong, muscular legs step forward, her skirt loose enough so that I couldn't see much, but I always loved how thighs peak out from underneath a skirt, the simple beauty of two bare legs hidden under a piece of fabric, hiding, not wanting to be seen. There's something about not wanting to be seen that gets me. 

Finally, she took me through a locked door. She let go of my hand and swiped her card. Then she opened the door for me, and inside was a huge room absolutely full of books. Floor to ceiling bookshelves covered. There were videos, books, CDs, even posters on the walls. You name it, they had it. 

"This is amazing," I said. I probably looked like a kid in a candy store, against myself. 

"It gets more traction than you think," she said. And again returned that familiar smirk. 

I walked around, looking at what the shelves had to offer. They had some good stuff, old stuff too. I was amazed. 

"If you need help with anything," she said, "let me know."

"Would you mind coming over here and telling me what this means?" I pointed to a video in another language. There are two women on the front. Their breasts are huge and naked, and they seem to be riding some sort of mechanical bull. 

She walked over, her breasts still pressed against the inside of her blouse. They pressed against me. I can smell her shampoo. Her hair smells sweet and fruity.

"That's...I actually don't know that." she said, her face falling into a determined focus. "But, from the looks of it, the people seem to be enjoying themselves." 

"Yeah, they do," and I looked at her again and smirked. And she looked at me and smirked. And we stood there, eyes on each other, giving these little lopsided smiles. 

"Would you enjoy it if I kissed you?" I said, my eyes smirking too. 

Her smirk grew into a grin one more time, and she leaned in and kissed me. Then she pulled away, and made a mock thinking face. "Yeah, I think I would."

I laughed, she laughed, and then we kissed again. This time it was slower, more exploration of the tongue, of each other's rhythms, our styles. It was slow, slow, slow, but built ever so slightly. Soon enough we were getting braver with our tongues, our teeth, gentle bites. She was the first to jump off and dive onto my neck. She kissed, sucks, bit, licked from just below my jawline to my throat then back again, little trails, slowly. I let out a moan. 

"Would you enjoy it if I continued?" she said. 

"You're speaking my language." I replied. And two more smirks appeared. 

With that, she laughed and took off her shirt. Her freed breasts fell just the tiniest bit, sagging under their own weight. Her bra, however, lacy and fit just right, did an excellent job of supporting them. So did my hands. She dove back onto my neck, this time with such force that I was thrown against a wall of posters. 

"Talk about customer service."

"We aim to please."

I took off her bra, then she took off my shirt. I wasn't wearing a bra. My nipples were already very hard. 

"Cold?"

"A bit nippy in here."

She laughed and went back to kissing me. Our breasts pressed against each other, I could feel her nipples on mine. Shots of electricity jolted through me, spreading across my body. There was a tingling between my legs, and I could feel my underwear getting wetter and wetter. 

Her hands were cupped around my face, but I wanted to change that. So I took her hand and stuck it in my pants. She didn't hesitate. I closed my eyes and moaned. She was good. 

Her mouth on my neck again, I brought up my own hand to my nipples. I pinched and played with them, while she bit my ear. 

I let out another moan. The tingles between my legs grew, utterly filling me with pleasure. 

"Oh my god." I moaned again.

She suddenly pulled down my pants and got on her knees, putting her mouth where her hand had been. I half gasped, half-screamed. It felt amazing. Her tongue did wonders a hundred times better than her hand. 

I grabbed fistfuls of her hair, soft and smelling like strawberries, rocking my hips back and forth into her face. It all felt so good, what her tongue did. Then she gently slid two fingers inside of me, and I was gone. It was like I was wading in a pool full of ecstacy, thrown under, swimming in it full body. I never felt such insane pleasure before. 

"Oh my god...oh my god, I'm gonna..." and I did, and the Earth peeled away as I propelled into space for the briefest period of time. Time stopped as I twitched and jerked, Maddie's mouth still on me, still going at it. 

I had to catch my breath for a second, so I pulled her head away gently. 

"Oh my god. That was amazing. Absolutely amazing," I said with shallow breaths. "You're amazing."

"Let's hope you are too." she said, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. She then grabbed my hands and fell to the ground, pulling me on top of her. "My turn." And she didn't have to say more. 

My mouth on her mouth, I could taste parts of me there. It was intoxicating. Our kissing was sloppy and passionate. 

Suddenly, someone walked in. We heard the footsteps, but we were behind an aisle of books. 

"Oh my god," she said. And put her hand on my mouth, as if I would say something to alert this person that we were here. Naked. Having sex in a library. But hey, I didn't mind her covering my mouth. 

The person walked around a bit more, grabbed things off the shelf, put them back on, and generally took a shit ton of time. But we couldn't wait for them to leave. I couldn't anyway. I kissed Maddie. 

"What are you doing?" she said, pulling away. 

"Shhh. Relax." I said, giving her a long peck. "It's hotter this way."

I kissed her again, and this time she didn't pull away. We kissed, quietly, with a person there looking at erotica. And we had to be quiet or else they'd find us. And we wouldn't want that.

My hand traveled down to her breast, playing with the nipple there while the other one held her gently but firmly by the throat. I always loved doing that, and she didn't seem to mind. Our kisses became slower in an attempt to be quieter, but with the decrease in speed came the increase in passion. The electricity shooting through my body tingled in the strangest places, from the tips of my fingers to my ears to the inside of my sinuses. My body was alive, enflamed, engulfed, impassioned for the girl underneath me. My hand slid down farther to her belly button, then bellow her belly button, right above the seem to her panties. Then I slipped a finger under the elastic, then two. The tips of my finger continued forward until I touched Maddie. 

She jumped and suppressed moan. It sounded like a choked cough, but the way her eyebrows furrowed I knew she was enjoying this as much as I was. 

"Shhhhhh" I whispered, almost inaudibly. Then I nibbled her ear, then neck. I traveled down, down, down her body, my mouth leaving trails of kisses in its wake. I sat up on my shins, straddling her. My back arched in my descent down her body. I was just to her right nipple when she pulled my head up. 

She mouthed the word "wait" 

The footsteps were getting closer, thudding softly against the thin library carpet. 

"Shit" she said, a bit louder. 

"Excuse me" I said, without even thinking. "The library closes in five minutes. We ask that you please check out now."

"Where..."

"Please leave," I said, using my work voice. That usually get's 'em. And even better this time, because it was firm and fed on the fear of actually being caught. 

There was a pause, but the footsteps diminished away from us and out of the room. Maddie and I both let out our breath, then laughed because we thought we weren't holding them. 

"Oh my god," escaped me, against myself. 

"I know right?" She sighed through her smile. 

"That was so close."

"What if he found out. I would have been so dead. Oh my god."

"He didn't, did he?"

She gave me that look, that all knowing look. 

"Nope, he didn't." 

And with that, my mouth went back to her nipples -- the left one this time. She let out a soft moan, as if she's still quiet someone might hear her. But she soon forgot about that, because as I continued to work my mouth on her breast, sucking and nipping and even biting the tip of it lightly she got louder. And louder. And began breathing heavily, moving her hips to my rhythm. It was quiet the song we had going. 

"Please." she said, softly. Please repeated in my mind over and over. I knew exactly what she wanted, but I wouldn't give it to her that easily. Someone's going to have to wait. So I ignored her, going back up to kiss her on the mouth. 

"Not," I said, between kisses. "So." Kiss. "Soon." Kiss. And I smiled. 

She bit her lip. "Mmmf," was her only response. A disgruntled but obedient plea.

I moved back down to her breast, taking slower, building the intensity then letting it go. Then building. Then letting go. Over and over. She was squirming on the carpet floor, her only audience the rows of smut surrounding us. 

"Please..." she said again.

I bit her nipple --still softly, but harder than I was doing it. She gasped, and didn't plea anymore. she knew who was leading this. 

I trailed kisses down her belly button, then moved past that to her panties. Just to tease her, I gave her just a quick kiss, a peck, on her panties, in just the right spot. She sighed quickly, as if she finally got what she wanted and was ready. But I went to the soft skin of her thighs, and she let out another "Mmmf."

I never let this part go, the thighs. They're important, and deserve as many kisses as all the other places. I trailed half way down her thigh, leaving a path of bread crumb kisses halfway to her kneed then back up again, to the place she finally wanted me to go. 

I slowly pulled the elastic of her panties down. They slid down slightly, but got caught on between her butt and the floor. 

"Lift." I commanded. 

She did so, and the panties slipped off effortlessly. Her knees bent as she spread her legs for me. 

"Please..." she said, louder. That's all she had to say for me to put my face against her and lick. Her clitoris on my tongue felt plump and round, the size of a marble. Warm. She was incredibly wet, and I mentally congratulated myself on a good job. The room filled with her loud and ever quickening moans. She bucked and rolled her hips on the floor. I could barely keep my tongue on her she moved so much! I licked and kissed and sucked her clitoris, and slowly probed a finger inside of her. It slid in easily from all the wetness. She was warm around my knuckle, then I pulled out and added the middle finger. I pushed them in farther, to the second knuckle, then pulled out. Then pushed in farther and pulled out. Then pushed in farther and pulled out, then pushed my two fingers all the way in as I ate her out. My face was buried in her. 

"Fuck! Oh my fucking god," were among some of the other things coming from her mouth. I, however, didn't have much to say at the moment. I was pretty preoccupied. 

The squirming quickened, and she seemed to hold her breath. My mouth didn't stop, but my fingers did. I felt a tightness around my two fingers, a pulsing, contractions hot and tight. Her back arched then slammed to the floor. Her two free hands were on her nipples. 

After several seconds of contractions and slamming and held breathes, she let her breath go and fell back. The back of her hand went to her forehead as she breathed quickly as if winded. The contractions around my fingers stopped but I didn't, until she lifted my head up off her. 

"Okay, okay. No more."

I wiped my mouth off with the back of my hand, kissing her one last time. Then we put our clothes on in silence. Every five seconds we were looking at the door. 

Once we were fully clothed, she showed me out the erotica room to the regular rooms with all the books. 

"Hope you enjoyed your visit." 

"Definitiely. I'll have to come by to check out more books." 

"Oh, you didn't even get books to check out!"

"I think I checked out enough," and with that I winked at her. 

She laughed, then looked around to see if anyone was there. With the coast clear, she kissed me one last time. It was a hard, urgent kiss, but one that seemed to hug me then let me go. 

"Bye."

"Bye."

And with that I walked out the front door to my car. I sat there, still feeling her tongue on mine as if I were still inside, naked, on the ground with Maddie on top of me. I didn't know if I could wait too long before I saw her again.