 I'd went to check my e-mail, but all I had was tons of spam. It was then that I decided to find and look at some lesbian porn web sites. 

After a few minutes I noticed this beautiful woman that was coming my way so I quickly closed off the sites so that she couldn't see my screen. 

She saw me on the computer, and smiled to me, I returned her smile, but with some blushing as well. 

Giggling a little bit, she made her way back to the other side of the room and vanished behind a self. 

She's beautiful I thought, about 5'4", slender, nice C cupped breasts (or so I guessed), a goddess is not even a fair word to call her. I'd love to get to know her better, I thought to myself as I began my search for fun once again. 

After awhile I became very horny, and the lovely feeling between my thighs also told me how needy I was. Looking to the front of the library I noticed that all the clerks were busy so, maybe I can be a little daring and get myself off without anyone knowing. 

Pushing up my shirt I began to fondle my breasts through the silky fabric of my bra. Quickly my nipples become erect, but I wasn't comfortable in my current position. 

I quietly pushed my chair back from the table, and rested my legs on top of it as I once again brought my hands to rest on my heaving chest. Slowly I caressed them together, rubbing away at the silk covered nipples of mine, as my eyes continued to stay focused on the pictures on the screen. 

Feeling very daring I decided to take my shirt off, and put it on the floor under the desk so that I could rub my nipples easily. Following my shirt was my bra as I took it off too, and allowed my breasts to dangle free, cupped in my hands. Rubbing my nipples slowly between my fingers I moaned lightly, and started to pinch and pull them. Between my thighs the wetness was growing and I knew it will only be so long before I cry out for release, so unbuttoning my pants, I slid them down to my knees. 

For a moment I thought about pushing my panties down, but I realized that's a little too risky. So as a substitute I slipped my hand inside my waistband and let my fingers play away in my trimmed mound above my throbbing lips, as my other hand massaged my stiff little nipples. 

Enough teasing I said to myself as I allowed a finger to slip inside my squishy pussy lips while my breathing heightened and my moans quickened in volume. Closing my eyes I forced my finger to move faster and let my palm service me as well, as I rubbed my clit up and down, and patted. Closing my eyes, as fantasies danced in my head. 

As my sticky sweet wetness flowed from me, I opened my eyes, only to see this goddess standing before me. Naked as well. I went to scream but she put her hand over my mouth. Slowly she removed it, and replaced her hand with her sweet soft moist lips in one of the tenderest sensual kisses I've ever felt. I smiled at her in confusion, but more so in awe as she sat down on the desk before me and started to rub her hot pussy lips that had sweet cum dripping out slowly. I started rubbing and finger fucking my pussy a little faster and soon I started to have a big orgasm as well as she does. Both of us cumming. Her on the desk before me. Cum gushed out from her beautiful pussy and onto the tiled floor below, I watched her try to regain her composer as I licked my own sweet honey from my fingers. 

She kind of panicked while putting her clothes back on as she saw her wetness that had dripped on the floor. Taking her face in my hands, I kissed her deeply. She returned my kiss, but frowned again after we broke the kiss. I told her not to panic. Picking up my bra, I used the insides of the cups to wipe her juices up from the floor, then I put it back on under my shirt allowing her juices to smoother my nipples and to make them erect once more. Her smile burned into my heart, and she kissed me deeply, whispering for me to meet her in the ladiesroom. 

She left, and after I turned off the computer I followed. Entering the bathroom I saw her standing against the cabinet completely naked and with her clothes piled neatly on the chair. Locking the doors behind me, I quickly went to her and wrapping my arms around her, I kissed her with every ounce of passion I could muster. Pushing her against the toilet stall, I started to slowly kiss and lick down her neck as my hands cupped her lovely breasts, weighing them as I looked into her beautiful eyes.

"Make me cum for you," she told me as I lowered my mouth to her breasts and began to suckle slowly on her nipples nearly inhaling them into my mouth. She moaned as I sucked, then I slowly nibbled them in a teasing manner. She then pushed me off, and climbed up on the cabinet with her legs parted wide, and motioned for me to come towards her. 

I did, and she wrapped her legs around my neck pulling my face into her sweet hot throbbing pussy. First I kissed it softly, then started to lick her delicate folds. Parting her pussy lips with my thumbs, so I could lick her inner lips, I spread her wide and plunged my tongue in deep, tongue fucking, as my fingers patted her clit. Probing her pussy walls with my tongue, then cupping my tongue to draw her swollen clit into my mouth. Sucking on it like a straw as I slipped two fingers deep in her pussy. 

Curving my fingers up a little and finger fucking her hard and fast. I could tell she was on the edge and replaced my fingers with my tongue so I wouldn't miss a drop of her sweet honey. Screaming she gushed into my waiting mouth, and on my face, as I was rewarded with a mouthful of her sweet honey. Making sure to continue sucking on her lovely lips as she was trying to recover, she then let me move from my position to lick her cum off my face. 

Getting down from the cabinet she told me to take off my shirt, and as I was doing it she kissed me deeply, while unhooking my bra. Seeing her cum still on my breasts she started to lick it off, while sucking my nipple deep in her mouth. Just as I was getting hotter and hotter, we both heard one of the clerks knock on the door to tell us the library was closing in five minutes. I frowned, then she hugged and kissed me passionately, as we both started to get dressed. 

In the parking lot she kissed me again. "My name is Dawn" she said, "could we see each other again?"

Smiling at her, and remembering her taste, I said, "I'd love to, my name's Marie".

Waving as she drove off if her SUV, I knew I'd be back soon, real soon.