 Theresa and Mary left the concert, their nerves shaken yet still the excitement of their public display so fresh on their minds. The wind whipped around Mary's dress hiking it further and Theresa smiled at her with lust permeating every inch of her as she admired the shapely legs before her. She had to have Mary, all of her. 

The limo driver was waiting for them in the brisk air. As he saw them approaching he quickly opened the door for them. His own excitement was evident in his eyes as Theresa smiled a secretive smile as they both watched Mary disappear inside the limo. She gave him his instructions and he nodded as he closed her door. The night was still young.

Once inside the limo Theresa turned to Mary and began to softly caress her body. Fingers slowly exploring, not rushing the moment, and enjoying the way her body responded to her touch. Mary moaned softly in their dark and sensual confines. Music began to fill the air, soft, sensually soothing, ever beckoning their senses as they became entwined in their feelings and pure abandonment.

He watched, in stunned amazement. He knew that Theresa knew he was watching and 'allowing' him to. He had seen a lot as a limo driver, but tonight, tonight was the best yet. He could hardly drive as he continued to watch in the rear view mirror.

Mary's moans became louder as Theresa bent down to kiss her breasts, her nipples. Each nipple becoming harder and more sensitive as Theresa flicked her tongue tenderly around each, slowly biting, eliciting more moans from Mary. Her left hand continue to softly stroke Mary's body, down her arms, across her tummy, down her long legs. She was not surprised as Mary slid down in the seat more, opening her legs even wider. Mary grabbed Theresa's head as she continued to ply her kisses and teasing tongue on her breasts.

The music became louder as Theresa began to ease the dress from Mary's body. Cool air sending goose bumps up and down her skin. Without hesitation Theresa moved between Mary's legs taking in her beauty, her essence. She looked up at Mary and smiled as she saw the desire deepen causing her eyes to become darker, dreamier. She slowly, while still watching the look on Mary's face, lowered her head and began to lightly kiss and trace the outside of her nether lips. She knew how this drove Mary crazy and she continued to tease her, tongue lightly caressing, down one side of her smooth lips, up the other side, tongue dipping ever so slightly inside her warm folds. She caressed the insides of Mary's legs while her tongue continued to work its magic. Within moments the scent of Mary's arousal filled the air causing Theresa to breath in deeply, allowing the rapturous scent to fill her completely.

Now she too was wet and needing more of Mary. She began to suck on her clitoris, fingers circling just outside her inner folds, then slipping one finger inside her wet pussy, feeling the throbbing already evident as her fingers moved in, and out, in and out, faster and faster and then slowing and pulling out, replacing her finger with her tongue. Tasting Mary's juices. Ahhhh so sweet and warm. Theresa's tongue delving deeper inside as Mary began to gyrate against her face. Then Mary felt fingers deeper in her pussy as she began to cum, and cum, as she moaned and grabbed Theresa's hair again. 

Theresa then moved up beside of Mary, holding her close to her breasts, soothing her as she rubbed her arms and back. Soon they both felt the cool air swirling around them. 

Theresa looked up, her eyes met the limo driver - and she smiled.

Mary rested against Theresa as they drove for several miles enjoying the aftermath of such a wonderful orgasm. The limo started slowing down and Mary raised up, looking out the window, asking where they were. Theresa smiled and told her she would help her get dressed. They were going dancing.

When the door opened, both thanked the driver and when Mary looked up, she threw her arms around Theresa because they were at the same bar they had first met. Taking each others hands, they went in.

Within minutes they were on the dance floor, swaying and moving to the music. It was Mary's turn to tease Theresa. Mary turned around in her arms and started dancing very close to her, rubbing her rounded hips against Theresa, raising her arms to reach behind her, pulling Theresa closer so she could feel all of her body. Theresa reached around Mary and started caressing, touching, feeling the music as both of them began to move in unison together. No one else existed as they became aroused by the music and closeness of their bodies. Several people watched them in eager anticipation of what the couple would do next.

Lights lowered as the music began to slow and their bodies continued to move and sway. Mary danced behind Theresa, hands caressing her ass, reaching around from behind her to unbutton her shirt and then slipping her hand inside to caress her breast. Instantly Theresa's nipples began to respond. Mary moved around in front of Theresa and began to stroke her face, kissing her lips, long sensuous wet kisses. She pressed her body hard against Theresa as she grabbed her hips and slowly moved up and down in front of her.

Theresa's blouse was still open revealing her full rounded breasts. Mary continued to dance up and down in front of Theresa, touching and feeling her body the entire time. As she stood in front of her, Mary once again fondled Theresa's breast as they kept dancing, kissing, breathing becoming harder.

Theresa was not surprised when Mary unzipped her pants, staying close in front of her and slipped her hand inside, moving slower until she could feel her warmth, now so wet, so ready. 

(To be continued...)