 Part 1 -- For Penny

Authors Note: This is custom story written for a lovely woman who asked for a special story. The author dedicates this to her but wishes to share it with you as well. If you have the need or desire to have something like it for yourself or a loved one send the author a request through the feedback facility on Literotica.

*

"Brinnng, brinnng, brinnng," chirped the telephone on the side table in Penny's bedroom. Cursing softly that someone would call her before noon on a Saturday morning Penny rolled over and threw back the soft duvet as she grabbed at the objectionable instrument.

"Yeah, uh, hello," she mumbled into the mouthpiece. She was dimly aware that her husband, Charles, had told her he was golfing this morning and wouldn't be home before early afternoon.

"Mrs. Smith?" a cheerful woman's voice asked.

What's this woman got to be so cheerful about Penny thought to herself before she answered somewhat tartly, "Yes, who is this?"

"This is Miranda at the Secret Garden calling," was the reply.

Penny's eyes opened wide, the Secret Garden was one of the nicest lingerie shops in her small city. It also had the widest selection of erotic and exotic lingerie. Charles had once bought her a bra and panty set there that was still used in their foreplay today. She sat up in bed swinging her shapely legs over the edge so she was sitting on the side.

"Hi Miranda, what can I do for you this morning?" Penny asked.

"Well Mrs. Smith, we're going through our records of past purchases and your name came up as only receiving lingerie from us once. I wonder if I could ask you whether there was a problem that kept you from coming back to our shop," Miranda replied.

Chuckling to herself Penny responded, "Well Miranda that's because it was bought for me by my husband and he hasn't seen the need to get me any more sexy lingerie since."

"Did you like the bra and panty set he bought you Mrs Smith?" said Miranda.

"Oh yes and why don't you drop the Mrs. Smith and just call me Penny."

"Ok Penny, I'm glad you liked our lingerie but a little disappointed that you haven't come back for more. I tell my clients who have a story similar to yours that you should treat yourself from time to time to something sexy. You never know it might just be the spark that livens up your relationship," Miranda responded.

"Yes maybe you're right Miranda. Maybe I should just treat myself," said Penny thinking that this girl was absolutely right, she did deserve something new and sexy. "I'll come by the store this afternoon and see what you've got to offer."

"Thanks Penny, I'm looking forward to meeting you later," Miranda said as she broke the connection.

Penny decided that she had had a long enough beauty rest and headed toward the bathroom for her usually ablutions. As she sat on the white porcelain throne to empty her bladder she thought more and more about what the young Miranda had said. As she thought more and more she got madder and madder. That Charles, she fumed to herself, he takes me for granted now. He's never very romantic any more and I think all he sees me for is a soft hole to put his cock into and to spill his seed in. More than ever Penny vowed that she would get something this afternoon that would shake up their sex life and wake Charles up to the fact that she was still a very desirable woman.

After showering and dressing in a soft figure hugging summer dress Penny went and treated herself to a pedicure and manicure. With beautification done she had a gourmet lunch at her favourite restaurant, Chez Pierre. Feeling sated and a little mellow from the two glasses of Yellow Tail Shiraz Penny pointed her Miata convertible toward the upscale shopping area where the Secret Garden is found.

Entering the beautiful front door caused a soft chiming to announce her presence. Penny looked around at the beautiful displays of lingerie, exotic, erotic and everyday. Her attention was drawn to a beautiful red headed young woman approaching her on stylishly heeled shoes. 

"Penny?" was the question the young woman had.

"Yes, are you Miranda?" Penny responded.

"I sure am, glad to make your acquaintance," Miranda practically purred as she took Penny's hand in her own two soft, elegantly manicured hands. 

"So you've decided that you deserve something sexy to spark things up?" Miranda asked.

"Yes I have. I want something that will light a rocket under my husband and send us into orbit," Penny responded. "Show me something like that please Miranda."

"I will but first let's get you into the change room so we can take some measurements. I'll lock the door behind you, we work on an appointment basis for the weekends," Miranda explained.

After locking the front door Miranda led Penny into an elegantly appointed change room, it had gilt edged mirrors on 3 walls, a comfortable purple wing back chair and a small stool, presumably for standing on.

"Please remove your outer garments and your bra Penny."

Not thinking much about the request Penny quickly took off her dress and hung it on the hanger provided. She reached between her breasts and unhooked the bra hanging it on the hanger as well.

'Hmmm, not too bad a figure if I do say so,' Penny thought as she caught sight of herself in one of the mirrors. Her breasts were still a firm full C cup with no sagging visible, her brown areoles and nipples were large and inviting. At that instant, for no reason that Penny could think of her nipples began to harden. 'It must be cold in here.' Penny thought.

"Turn around and face me please," Miranda asked. "Please step onto the stool so I can take your lower body measurements."

Penny complied and stood on the stool facing Miranda. Miranda took her cloth seamstress' tape and began to measure everything from the size of Penny's ankles to her inseam, hip and waist. Each measurement was carefully noted on an information sheet that Penny saw had her name on top. When Miranda took Penny's hip measurement she inadvertently brushed across the front of Penny's panties with her knuckles. Penny, just as inadvertently, shivered in response to the touch.

"Sorry, did I hurt you?" Miranda asked looking up at Penny with large hazel eyes.

"No, no you didn't Miranda," Penny quickly replied, feeling her face flush a little in embarrassment. What was it about Miranda's touch that was so electric Penny thought to herself?

"Ok Penny, you can step down I need to take your upper body measurements now," Miranda ordered.

Stepping off the stool Penny stood still before Miranda, her breasts and large firm nipples were indicative of arousal. Miranda ignored the sight and continued to take measurements, arm length, wrist size, shoulder width, neck to waist. 'God' Penny thought 'what is she measuring me for?'

"Now I need to take careful measurements of your breasts Penny. A lot of our bras are custom made and we need more measurements than you'd usually need for an off-the-shelf bra," Miranda commented.

"That's fine Miranda, I don't mind at all," Penny said.

Miranda took Penny's chest size, her trunk size (to get the cup size). She even measured from Penny's shoulders to her nipples, the size around of Penny's breasts, the size of her aureoles and even the length of her nipples. All of this touching had an effect on Penny that she would never have expected, her pussy began to moisten. Also Penny's nipples became the hardest she had ever seen, they ached for touch. When Miranda turned away to write down some of the latest measurements Penny quickly took the opportunity to reach to her nipples and stroke and pull on them. That action caused her to moan unexpectedly.

Miranda, for her part knew that Penny was aroused; her clients always were at this stage in the measurement process. As she bent to write on Penny's information sheet she heard Penny moan and stole a brief sideways glance into a mirror in time to see Penny stroking and pulling on her nipples. 

Smiling, as much to herself as to Penny, Miranda turned around and said, "Everything ok Penny?"

Now Penny could feel herself going scarlet in front of this beautiful woman because she had become highly aroused at a woman's touch.

"No worries Penny, most of my clients have the same reaction you did. Mostly they are looking for that kind of attention to be paid to them by their partner," Miranda said softly.

"But I've never been affected by the touch of a woman before, it's not something I'm very comfortable with," Penny quickly replied as she dropped her head to avoid looking at Miranda directly.

"I know Penny; most women are used to having these feelings when they're touched by a man not another woman. But take it from me, they are as natural as can be, they're simply your body telling you that it likes the attention," Miranda said softly with a bright smile on her beautiful face.

"Well I do know that my husband hasn't been paying much attention to me, to my needs," Penny said. "He simply wants to take his pleasure then forgets about mine," Penny complained.

"I know how it is Penny, I've heard this story from woman after woman in this shop," Miranda responded. "Your married life has become stuck in a rut, you've become an appliance for your husband, something to use when he gets horny. Right?"

"Yes, you're right Miranda. My husband doesn't care any more about what I need from sex, only what he needs. It's as if he doesn't see me, he just sees a place to shoot his load in," Penny said angrily.

"Well Penny, I'm here to tell you that you aren't simply a hole for semen, you are a woman, a beautiful woman who is desirable in every way," Miranda brightly replied. "My job is to help you pick lingerie that will re-ignite the passion in your relationship. But first you have to re-ignite it in yourself Penny."

"How do I do that?" Penny asked.

"By learning all over what it is that your body likes, what turns you on, what do you want to try that you haven't. Once you know that you can pick your lingerie with the idea that it is to be part of your arsenal of excitement. My job is to help you discover these things about you then to help you pick your weaponry!"

Miranda stepped toward Penny and ran one of those beautifully manicured hands from Penny's cheek down over her jaw, down her neck to rest at one of the super-hard nipples Penny had so recently stroked. She ran her nail around the areole then took Penny's nipple between her thumb and forefinger and gently stroked the fleshy nub.

Penny was mesmerized at the image in the mirror of a beautiful young woman stroking a breast. She drew in a quick breath and a shudder visibly racked her chest. Miranda noticed that shudder and bent to place her lips on Penny's nipple. Gently sucking on the nipple and touching the sensitive tip with her tongue caused Penny to moan.

"Oh God, oh god that feels so good," Penny whispered.

Miranda took Penny's right breast in her hand and stroked it as she gently sucked on the left nipple. Her fingers stroked the breast, outlined the brown areola and plucked at the aroused nipple. Penny found that she had missed the touch and pleasuring so long that she didn't even think that it was a woman providing it, only that she was enjoying it. Her pussy began to leak lubricating juices, soaking her panty and causing it to cling transparently to her crotch.

Miranda could smell Penny's arousal and used her right hand to begin stroking the soaking panties, running her finger up and down Penny's slit. After just a few minutes she dipped her fingers into Penny's panties and stroked her slit directly. Experienced fingers caused the lips to blossom, opening the way for Penny's clit to rise in expectation of touch.

Penny was panting gently, her head back, eyes closed. All she could focus on was the incredible pleasure, the jolts of electricity that shot from her breasts (and now her pussy?) to her brain. She hadn't had pleasure like this for years and she was lost totally in it.

Miranda knew that Penny was ready for an orgasm so she gently stroked Penny's clit in her fingers. Penny reacted dramatically to the touch, she stiffened, gasped, drove her pussy onto Miranda's hand then issued a small scream of pleasure as she came forcefully. Penny's pussy gushed her cum onto Miranda's fingers and began to run down her quivering thighs.

"Oh my God, Miranda. That was phenomenal. I've never, never cum that hard in my life," Penny gasped as she slumped into Miranda's waiting arms.

Miranda wrapped her arms around Penny, supporting her and giving an assuring feel. She gently kissed Penny on the neck and cooed into her ear, "That's great Penny. I'm glad you liked it, you deserve more of this kind of pleasure."

"I think I've got all of the measurements I need Penny. What I'd like to do is to invite you to a lingerie party with a couple other of my clients tonight. I plan on showing each of you special lingerie suited to you, your measurements and your needs. Will you come?" Miranda asked stepping back from Penny.

Penny thought, 'Tonight, what am I doing tonight?' 'Oh yes, Charles had his monthly poker night tonight so he won't even be home.' 

"Sure Miranda, I can make it. Where are you having it?" Penny responded brightly.

"I'll give you the address Penny, it's at the home of one of my clients. You can get dressed now, I have to get the things for you together," Miranda replied.

Penny got dressed humming to herself and left the Secret Garden feeling happier with than she had in a long time.

What will happen at the party? Stay tuned for more excitement and orgasms.

Love Sandy