 It was an evening that Theresa would never forget. A night so sensual, so erotic, that years later her heart would beat faster and faster - at the thought of Mary and the limousine ride.

Mary had long blonde flowing hair with the deepest blue eyes she had ever seen. Theresa was tall at 5'8". She was at a gay bar when she first saw Mary. Instantly she was attracted to Mary, and, the attraction was mutual. Mary was the same height as Theresa, graceful, and looked like a model. When she walked into the bar, heads turned to see the beauty that stood out with stunning essence.

When the music started again, Theresa watched as Mary was asked to dance several times, and each time she declined. When their eyes met, both walked toward each other as if in slow motion. With each dance, their moves matched becoming more sensual as the evening progressed.

Theresa was several years older than Mary yet age did not matter. They were both young and drawn to each other. That was all that really mattered, to live and enjoy what each day would bring. And so, for the next three months, they did enjoy each other in every way possible. Their intimate moments were breathtaking, hot, exciting. 

On this particular weekend, Theresa wanted to surprise Mary. So she told Mary to come to her house and also told her what she wanted her to wear. Throughout the day as Theresa made plans her excitement continued to mount.

Mary arrived early that evening and Theresa had a hard time taking her eyes off of her. Mary had on a sexy short green dress, high heels, and sexy lace panties. Her bountiful breasts literally poured out of the dress while nipples strained against the soft material. Theresa wore a black pantsuit that made her look daring and adventurous. 

Theresa told Mary to close her eyes and then she placed a blindfold on her. Taking her hand, she led her outside for her -- surprise. She removed the blindfold at the end of the driveway. Mary was speechless as she stared at the long black limousine stretched out before her.

"Wow," was all she could say as the driver came around to open the door for them. 

Once inside the privacy of the limousine, Theresa opened the chilled champagne she had bought earlier and left with the driver. As she started the cd the smooth voice of Luther Vandrous filled their haven. Each of them sipped on their champagne, closing their eyes and savoring the romantic moment. The look in Mary's eyes gleamed with such emotion as she leaned over to Theresa and began to kiss her.

Her kiss was slow, enticing, and when Mary pulled back to look into Theresa's eyes, no words were necessary as they began to kiss again. Their kisses deepened, their breathing becoming heavier, and heavier. The music continued to entice their mood. They were lost in the throes of passion as their hands slowly teased, touched, kissed. Theresa opened Mary's legs not at all surprised at how wet her warm folds had become. Slowly, deliberately, Theresa continued to tease Mary as moans filled the air. She rubbed her now swollen clit, small circular caresses, continuing to kiss her lips, moving down her neck, down her chest. 

Mary grabbed Theresa's head pulling her closer, needing her even closer. Theresa had become an aphrodisiac to her senses. Her heart beat so fast that it bloated out the soft music. When she felt Theresa's fingers rubbing her clit harder and harder, she knew she was close to cumming. And as soon as she felt Theresa sliding first one finger, then another inside her throbbing hot pussy, she could no longer contain the rapturous feeling inside her warmth. Warm juices coated Theresa's hand and through the whole orgasm she felt warm lips kissing and sucking on her hardened nipples. Her body raised up higher trying to climb inside of Theresa.

Her breathing began to slow just a bit. She moaned softly as Theresa pulled her fingers from their warm haven, licking first one, then the other. 

Theresa smiled as she looked deep into Mary's eyes. Perspiration beaded both their bodies. The air smelled of their sex. 

Mary turned to Theresa and opened her blouse. Hands touching her breasts, bending over to slowly kiss each warm round orb. Theresa pulled her head closer. Mary then began to rub against Theresa's pants, wanting to feel her, taste her. But, Theresa would not allow her to as she pulled Mary back up on the seat beside of her, kissing her tenderly.

How long they had been riding, Mary had no idea. But as the limo began to slow down, Theresa smiled as a hint of merriment filled her eyes and shown like the stars. Theresa reached to help Mary adjust her cloths when the car came to a full stop. Kissing her softly on her lips, she took her hand and squeezed it.

The driver waited for the signal from Theresa. When the knock on the glass finally came, he stepped out of the limo and walked around to open the door for the ladies. He gave a 'knowing' smile at Theresa as he closed the door. She noticed how pale he was also and she knew -- he must have seen and heard -- everything. For some reason, the excited her beyond words.

Theresa reached for Mary's hand as they walked quickly toward the auditorium. Mary could hardly contain her enthusiasm even though she still had no idea who they were going to see. She was so excited!

Theresa finally told her who they were going to see perform and Mary got big tears in her eyes. She had always wanted to see Luther Vandrous! What a perfect evening this was....romantic, sweet, sensual, adventurous.

They found their seats and to Mary's surprise again, they were just above the stage so they were actually looking down on the stage and in the second row. Although seats were very close, they were absolutely fabulous.

The speaker system was very loud, and when the concert started, they were soon caught up in all the excitement, their senses becoming aroused. The music had the entire crowd singing with the band.

Theresa sat to the right of Mary. She wanted to touch her, feel her sinewy long legs, her soft skin. When Mary crossed her legs, right leg over her left, she revealed more of her thighs. Theresa did not care if anyone saw her or not, yet she knew she should be discreet all the same. As she crossed her legs, leaning closer to Mary, she began to softly rub and caress Mary's thigh.

Theresa watched Mary's body, her response to her touch, and when their eyes met, Mary smiled at her, eyes taking on a sensual 'take me babe' look. Mary then shifted a little allowing Theresa full access to her welcoming hips. Her short dress hiked up further as Theresa continued to caress her hip, thigh, moving ever closer to her smooth pussy. 

Both of them were oblivious to the few people around them that could not help but notice what was going on. The man sitting beside of Mary was getting more excited by the minute. As much as he tried to ignore what was happening, it was the biggest turn on he had ever witnessed. His mouth was actually watering as he listened to the women, heard the moans.

The music continued to assault Theresa's senses, pounding in her ears, heart beating faster as her finger began to rub Mary's swollen clit. Mary's body began to glisten as she moved even more wanting to feel Theresa's hand inside her hot pussy again. And when Theresa slid first one finger, then another, deep inside Mary, she squeezed Mary's arm when she heard her moan. Mary had slid down more in the seat as Theresa continued to tease her. Her fingers working their magic as she moved very very slowly in, and out, in, and out, softly, slowly, as her pussy became hotter, wetter. She began to move and gyrate causing Theresa to lean closer to her cautioning her that people could hear. 

Mary turned to Theresa, looked her straight in the eyes and said, "I -- don't -- care!"

Theresa was getting so turned on at their public display that she no longer cared where they were. Being so daring, so public, only heightened and added to the rapturous feelings that penetrated her entire being. 

As her body began to perspire more, she didn't stop teasing Mary. She watched as Mary closed here eyes, realizing that she was getting very close to cumming. Yet her fingers moved ever so slow, deliberately slow, sensually slow. As Mary's hips began to move back against Theresa's fingers, she could feel that tightening sensation building, which one of them moaned? Theresa's hand felt wet yet she did not stop teasing Mary.

Suddenly, the man that had been sitting beside of Mary stood up directly in front of both of them. It was very evident that he was shaken as he stood his full height of well over six and half feet tall. He was big, muscular, and the biggest black man that Theresa and Mary had ever seen. He looked down at both of them and said,

"I'll take on the two of you right now. Both of you -- now."

Eyes widened as they both looked up at him not knowing what to say as they watched him for several minutes, or was it only moments? He turned and walked away, never returning to his seat.

Theresa reached for Mary's hand as they both looked around and realized that they must have been seen although no one was directly watching them. Mary brought Theresa's hand to her lips. While looking deep in Theresa's eyes, she began to lick her pussy juices off of Theresa's hand. Her eyes closed, enjoying and savoring her scent. 

It was now Theresa's turn to be teased. 

(To be continued)...