 Thursday, August 24, 2000.

It was only seven o'clock in the morning and the temperature was already over 90 degrees. This is the forth day in a row that the temperatures would be over 100 and in this small town most things had ground to a halt. 

Penny sat naked on the back porch drinking her coffee, her iced coffee, waiting and hoping for a breeze to rustle through and cool her body. The air conditioner stopped working the day before and the repairman was swamped with calls and would not make it until Friday morning. 

Mark, her husband of fourteen months, had left for work early trying to avoid the heat and get to his air-conditioned office. Mark is a well-built man, who enjoys working out and even at the age of thirty-three he has a more chiseled body than a lot of twenty-something year olds that tried to impress Penny. Penny and Mark have a great love life, helping each other achieve their fantasies. Mark is endowed with an eight-inch cock and knows how to use it well. 

Penny was thinking about her and Mark the night before. It was too hot to stay indoors so they sat in the darkness of the back porch. They were both naked as they had been on many other occasions. As they talked, they eventually began to talk about sex. Mark was talking about swinging, a subject they often talked about, and lamenting over the fact that they did not know how to get started with friends. Between the sweat and the juices flowing from her pussy, Penny's thighs were quite soaked. Mark wanted so much to see his wife with another woman, something they often talked about. Penny listened as he described her and another woman intertwined together. 

Penny, now completely lost in the thoughts of the night before, was not aware that her hand had moved between her thighs and had begun manipulating her little soldier. She reached over and found Mark's cock standing at attention. Mark's cock jumped at her touch and she began to stroke him with long slow strokes as he began to talk about some friends of theirs that they would love to swing with. Mark's voice trail off and he pulled Penny to him. He bent down to suckle her 38DD orbs. Penny moaned in the darkness and put her head back allowing Mark to explore her body.

Mark is no longer able to wait and pulls Penny up onto the table and lays her back on it. Her ass is barely on the edge of the table, her thighs spread wide and Mark's rigid member is pointing right at her love hole. He plunges easily into the silkiness of her pussy and pushes all the way into her. Then deliberately and forcefully he began pumping into her. Slowly at first then faster and faster he grinds deep into her. Deep inside her she felt her orgasm begin, then waves and waves of pleasure swept over her body. As she began to relax, she felt Mark's cock twitching within her and then load after load shot deep inside her.

"Good Morning, Penny!" her neighbor Katie called as she came out the back door of her house. Penny was startled back to the present and realized that her hand, thighs and even the chair were covered in her creamy goo.

"Hi, Katie," Penny managed, while closing her legs trying to cover up what had happened.

"It's a good thing my husband left for work early this morning." Katie said, "Otherwise, you would be quite a sight, sitting there nude like that."

"I know, but it's so hot and our air-conditioner is dead, Penny confessed, "I just needed to feel the little bit of breeze out here."

"That's fine with me," Katie replied, "I don't mind seeing you naked, just don't let John see you like that, he might not go to work!" 

"I have today off and did not feel like getting dressed," Penny giggled, "The air should be fixed tomorrow, though."

"Oh that's good, it's too hot to not have air," Katie continued, "Why don't you come to the mall and visit me at work later? The air conditioning is working just fine at Victoria's Secret."

"Sure. That sounds better than staying in this heat all day, I'll see you later than." Penny picked up her cup and headed back into the house and Katie got into her car to leave.

It was heading toward eight o'clock now and Penny jumped into a cool shower. Did Katie only see that I was naked, or had she seen what I was doing, she wondered as the water cascaded over her body. I can't believe I was just masturbated in broad daylight on the back porch! And I may have gotten caught! 

Penny stepped out of the shower and toweled off. The heat and humidity made her still feel wet as she decided what she would wear. She did not want to put on anything and looked into the mirror while she thought about what to wear. Not bad, she thought, not bad at all for a thirty year old. Her tits were quite full and, even though they did not stand as firmly as they did, they were still able to defy gravity for the most part. Penny's propensity to not wear a bra when she could get away with it was starting to show a bit of sagging, but they still held their shape well.

Penny's likes of sex and sweets were also starting to show as her hips and tummy had begun to swell some. Mark doesn't complain and I still get lots of looks from guys at the dinner, she thought as her hands quickly slid over her hips and ass. He legs were great, long days spent as a waitress in the dinner had given her calves and thighs that were well shaped, super strong, and very nice looking. 

Penny pulled on a baby blue T-shirt (no bra), a dark blue T-back and a pair of light gray shorts. She slipped on her sandals and grabbed her purse and headed out the door. As she drove toward the mall, she could feel the droplets of sweat running down her neck and between her boobs.

Thankfully it was a short drive to the mall and soon she walked in to the air-conditioned mall. Penny was greeted by the cool air and stood for a moment in the stream of air blowing from the vent. It felt good as it evaporated the moisture of her trip from her body. Soon she felt refreshed as she headed toward the center court. 

The mall was quite empty and quiet; those that did not have to go to work were choosing to stay home in the air-conditioning. She had received several stares, mostly from guys, and felt a little flattered. She stopped at a mirrored column and checked her look. Penny realized that her nipples were erect from the cold air and they stood out quite obviously. Well, let them enjoy looking, she thought as she walked on toward Victoria's Secret excited by the voyeurs. 

She walked into to the store and began to look around. "Can I help you, ma'am," a young salesgirl asked politely.

"I'm here to see Katie," Penny replied, wondering if she really looked old enough to be a "ma'am" or if it was just because the salesgirl was so young. 

"Okay, I'll let her know," the salesgirl replied and headed off toward the checkout counter at the back of the store.

A few moments later, Katie was staring at the legs of the lady standing at a rack full of lingerie. Katie's eyes scanned over the back of her customer from her heels to the top of her reddish-brown hair. "Hi, I'm Katie," she finally said.

"Hi Neighbor," Penny said as she turned around to face Katie.

"Oh, Hi Penny!" Katie said, "I didn't recognize you from behind."

"Well, I do have clothes on now." Penny quipped as she teased her neighbor.

They both laughed and then Katie began to show some of the lingerie to Penny. There had not been any other customers in while they spent the time shopping. The young salesgirl was the only other person in the store and was busy stocking the bras before the weekend.

Eventually, Penny had picked out quite a few items to try on. She and Katie headed to the dressing rooms with armfuls of lingerie. They passed through the doors to the main section of the changing area. There were six changing rooms, two on each side and two directly ahead. Katie led her to one of the rooms to the left side and then helped her hang the items on the rack and said, "If you need any help with any of these items, I'll be right outside."

"Don't be silly," Penny said, "You've already seen me naked."

Katie reached up and took the first outfit from the rack as Penny took off her T-shirt and shorts. Katie's heart was racing as she helped Penny fit the outfit over her boobs and hips. They turned and looked into the mirror to see how it fit. Katie looked over Penny with hunger in her eyes as she licked her lips.

"Katie," the young sales girl called out, "There are a couple more ladies here to see you."

"Thank you, Missy," Katie replied, "I'll be right there."

"I'll be back in a couple minutes," she told Penny as she slipped out of the changing room.

Penny continued trying on outfits as her excitement grew. Her nipples stood at attention, but not because of the cold anymore, and her pussy had now becoming wet. The next outfit to try on was a teal-blue teddy. She was just pulling it on when Katie came back in.

"It's a couple friends of mine," Katie said, "They are going to try on some lingerie too. Wow! That outfit looks good on you!"

Penny could hear the voices of the other girls as they entered the dressing room next to hers. Katie opened the door, "Come out here and look in the big mirror; the lighting is much better."

Penny peaked out the door and did not see anyone else so she followed Katie. Katie was helping to adjust the outfit and, standing in front of Penny, she took both of Penny's boobs in her hands and lifted them up. "Yes, that looks very good," she purred, "What do you think Penny?"

"It's a good color for me, and I like the way it is cut very high on my hips," Penny said as she twisted around as she looked in the mirror. 

"What do you girls think?" Penny heard Katie asked. Penny had not heard the door open and she turned to see the other two standing there in lingerie watching her. She became a little embarrassed at having been watched "modeling" the lingerie.

"I think it looks nice on her," said Camille, a slender black girl with a nice rack of her own peeking out the top of her outfit.

"Oh, it looks great on you," answered Tammie, a very tall girl that had a much smaller chest and very long shapely legs. "The cut on the bottom makes your legs look longer too," she continued.

Penny thanked the girls for the nice compliments and then quickly headed back into her room. She listened as the other girls talked about her and how good she looked. Being slightly embarrassed at hearing them talk flattering about her, she changed into the next outfit. 

The girls were still out in the main room when Katie opened the door to check on Penny. "Everything okay? she asked.

"Yes, I'm fine." Penny answered, even though she had become quite turned on and wanted to be alone to take care of her needy pussy. 

"Well, come on out and let us see," Katie said with a heightened level of excitement in her voice. "Come on," she coaxed when Penny hesitated.

Caught naked on my back porch in the morning and now modeling lingerie for strangers. What a day, she thought as she stepped out through the door and moved in front of the mirror. The girls moved in behind her watching as Katie helped her adjust the outfit.

Katie's hands slowly slid down Penny's back and down over her ass as she smoothed down the back of the outfit. They felt good to Penny and a wave of tingles passed through her body. Katie moved around in front of Penny and continues adjusting and caressing Penny. She spent quite a bit of time fondling her tits and even thumbed her nipples a few times.

I cannot believe that another woman is turning me on like this, Penny thought, as she was now really getting hot. The other girls disappeared into their room to change outfits and Katie reached in to adjust the front of the outfit. Penny felt the back of Katie's fingers slide down the small triangle of her undies and knew that Katie could feel the moisture that had been escaping her excited pussy.

"Maybe you should take those off so you know how these outfits really fit," Katie suggested with a wink.

Penny returned to the dressing room and took off the outfit. She stood for a moment looking in the mirror and then slowly she bent over removing her underwear. She stood back up and again looked into the mirror. Her small patch of pubic hair above her pussy did nothing to hide her excited state. She used her fingers spread her lips, primping if you will, to make sure that her "presentation" would be a good one.

The next outfit was very sheer but was also more flowing than previous outfits. Penny opened the door and retook her spot in front of the mirror. The girls again joined her in looking at her in the new outfit. Camille lifted Penny's arms to see how the material flowed around her. Katie was adjusting the front of the outfit doing more fondling than adjusting. Penny leaned back with her eyes closed as Katie squeezed her hands over Penny's breasts. Penny moaned as Camille leaned in and kissed her neck.

Betrayed by her body, Penny no longer held back that these women had her excited. Camille's hand replaced Katie's on Penny's tits. Katie lowered herself to her knees in front of Penny and spread the layers of the flowing outfit to reveal her neighbor's excited pussy lips. The fragrant smell filled their nostrils as the girls removed the outfit. 

Penny stood in the midst of the women, completely naked and turned on passed the point of rational thinking. Her heart raced and her breathing became heavier as hands, mouths and tongues moved over her body. 

Katie was sucking on Penny's excited clit and fingering her own under her skirt. Penny felt like she was floating between the other girls as they supported her and pleasured her. Camille and Tammie were each sucking and licking on Penny's breasts. Pleasure sensors all over Penny's body were hitting overload when Penny felt her climax start. She reached for Katie's head pulled her tightly to her pussy. Her body trembled with excitement and her mind raced as she released herself to the pleasures these woman were giving to her. 

As Penny returned from the peak of the pleasure mountain she had just ascended, she realized that she was now lying on the floor. Kneeling above her, Camille and Tammie were still caressing her, but were also started to concentrate on each other. Penny looked between them as Katie raised her head up from her pussy. Katie's mouth and chin glistened with the cream that had flowed from Penny.

"Wow!" teased Katie, "I thought you were going to break my jaw with those thighs" 

"MMMMMM! That was so intense," Penny said, slightly embarrassed. "I've never had a woman do that to me before."

Camille and Tammie had now moved to one side and were undressing each other. Penny watched as they fondled and kissed each other. Katie kissed Penny on the hood of her now receded clit, and then crawled and kissed her way up Penny's body. She could feel Penny trembling as she kissed her neck. 

"Are you okay?" Katie asked into her ear.

"Yes," Penny whispered, "It feels wonderful but this is so new to me and I can't believe how much I enjoy it."

"Me too," Katie giggled, "I am so glad your air-conditioner was broke."

Katie stood and slowly removed her skirt and blouse revealing the matching beige bra and panties set that she wore underneath. She continued to strip for Penny and Camille and Tammie came over to help her. Katie's 36C chest was only in view briefly before they were in the mouths of Camille and Tammie. Soon they were all entangled together on the floor beside Penny. 

Timidly at first Penny began moving her hands over the body of Tammie, who was closest to her. She became braver with each movement and soon she was heading toward Tammie's shaved crotch. Hands, lips and tongues touched and explored as each girl sought to receive and give pleasure. 

Penny dipped her tongue into Tammie for her first taste of another woman's pussy. Mark's fantasy coming true, she briefly thought. The fragrance and softness of Tammie's exited rose was pleasant to Penny as she tried to emulate the way Katie had just pleased her. Tammie's moans were heard over the other girls and Penny took that as a sign that she was doing well.

It was not long before Penny felt Tammie tense up. She sucked in on Tammie's clit and flicked her tongue quickly over it. A flood of warm cream from Tammie greeted her efforts and she lapped up as much of it as she could. Penny then rolled on her side and watched as Katie and Camille were eating each other. 

"Katie!" Missy, the salesgirl, called through the doors, "We have customers in the store."

Shock and fear screamed through Penny as she remembered where they were. She quickly jumped up. Katie lifter her head from between Camille's thighs "Okay Missy, we'll be out in a moment," said Katie with a shaky voice of impending pleasure. She went back to work on Camille, who had not stop working on Katie, and with in moments Camille was coming for Katie's experienced tongue.

Penny headed into the dressing room to get dressed as the other girls went to their dressing room to put on their clothes. Katie dressed right where she was and fixed her hair in the large mirror. 

When Penny finished dressing, she opened the door and found all three girls standing there smiling at her. 

"Penny," Katie said. "We do not want to pressure you, but we would like you to join our lingerie club. We meet here every other Thursday if you are interested." 

"Ummm, I might like to do that." Penny answered, flattered at the offer.

"As part of the club, you do have to buy one outfit after each meeting." Tammie added as Katie slipped into the dressing room Penny had been in. After a moment she emerged with the teal-blue teddy. "This one will be on the house," she said.

The left the dressing room area and Katie bagged the Teddy for Penny. Camille and Tammie each paid for their new lingerie and said goodbye as the headed home. Missy escorted the other customers to the dressing rooms. 

"I'm really glad you came," Katie told Penny. "I hope you will join us next time and try to keep cool today."

"I'll really think about it, it sounds fun." Penny said as she felt her checks redden slightly with embarrassment. 

She left Victoria's Secret with her new lingerie and headed to the car. I cannot believe the morning I've had, she thought, Mark's jaw will hit the ground when he finds out.