 I had been driving limo part-time now for a few months. It was an easy job for the most except when I got the odd temperamental client now and then. It was mostly the women who gave me a bit of a rough time. Wanting me to have the door open the minute the car came to a stop – things like that.

Today I was picking up a new client. None of the other drivers knew anything about her. I arrived fifteen minutes early and rang her buzzer to let her know that I was early and would be waiting for her when she was ready.

I was standing at the front of the car having a cigarette when I heard the sound of heals coming down the sidewalk. I turned my head slightly to the right and did a double take but tried not to be too obvious. A tall, gorgeous black woman is coming towards the car. She is wearing a very short mini quick and is showing lots of leg. I quickly tossed my cigarette down and squashed it with my shoe. I walked towards the passenger door to open for her. 

"Ms. Matthews I presume?" 

"That's correct. Thank you." She says as she slips into the car.

"You do know the address that you're taking me to?" She asks.

"Yes m'am I do." I repeat the address just to confirm.

"Good and please call me Grace."

"This affair that I'm going to may get a bit boring so I may need to leave earlier than planned. I assume that you'll be in the neighbourhood if I need to make a quick exit?"

"Yes, m'am er Grace I'll be waiting right in front for you."

"Good. Thank you."

I just nod and continue driving. As I'm checking the rearview mirror, I notice that she's applying lipstick. I notice how full and luscious her lips are. She notices me watching her and just smiles. I'm sure that I'm blushing and I'm glad that she can't see my reaction.

I notice that she's looking out the side window and I take another moment to gaze at her long legs. I can't quite figure out if she's wearing underwear. I re-focus and find her watching me again with a sexy grin. 

"Like what you see?" She asks.

"Sorry Grace." I mutter.

"Don't be sorry darling, I don't mind at all. As long as you like what you see. And so…do you like what you see?"

I'm not sure if I should lie or tell the truth. She seems like the kind of woman who likes honesty. 

"Yes I do like what I see. I think you're a very beautiful, sexy woman."

"Why thank you." She says and turns to look out the window. 

The trip is much too short as I pull up to the house. I open the door for her and it appears that she is falling of the car so I grab her hand to guide her out of the car. She ends up leaning into me. Her perfume is intoxicating. She steadies herself, thanks me and walks up to the house.

If I didn't know any better, I'd almost swear that she was flustered at the physical contact with me. I light a cigarette to calm myself while I wait for Grace. I have only been waiting for an hour when I see her coming out of the house. I quickly head around to open the door for her. 

"I told you I would be bored quickly." She says as she gets into the car.

I return to the driver's seat and look at her in my mirror. 

"I want to go somewhere exciting. Somewhere I've never been. Do you know of any such places?" She asks.

The one place that comes to mind is the local lesbian club that I frequented. I wasn't sure that I should mention it to her. 

"Well, do you know of any?" She asks again.

"Yes I do but I'm not sure it would be your type of place."

"I'm open to anything tonight so just drive James."

I smile and start driving to my favourite hang out downtown. It takes us about twenty minutes to get there. I find a place to park and open the car door for her. I close the door and she looks at me. 

"It's over there, that's the club that I normally go to." 

She glances to where I'm pointing and still stands there. 

"Are you going in?" I ask her.

"Well, I was hoping that you'd join me." 

"I would but I'm working right now. Might not look too good if I go there on the job."

"Who's paying for your services tonight?"

"Well you are."

"Alright then, as part of you services I'd like for you to accompany me to the club please."

"Okay, let's go then." 

We walk into the club and it's pretty empty which doesn't surprise me because it's still early. A few people greet me as we walk over to the bar. I buy her a drink and we just hang out at the bar and watch as more people come in. 

A good song starts playing and Grace starts swaying to the music. I buy her another drink and just sit back to enjoy the show. She downs the second drink and then starts to move very seductively on the dance floor. Watching her dance is starting to turn me on. I'm pretty sure that is her intention as she continues to move very provocatively. 

A woman starts dancing up on Grace and trying to grope her. I don't do anything immediately as I want to see how she handles herself. When she starts to look uncomfortable, I walk over to her. I tap the woman on the shoulder and say, "Mind if I cut in to dance with my woman?" I ask.

At first she looks pissed off and I guess she thinks better of it and steps aside. We start dancing and then Grace surprises me by getting very close and grinding into me. She's grinding my leg and I can feel the heat that is emanating from between them. I have a delicious view of her cleavage and she doesn't seem to mind that I am staring.

I don't know what comes over me but my hands are suddenly grabbing her ass as I lean in to kiss her. She doesn't seem too surprised or shocked as she kisses me back. It's a long passionate kiss that I don't want to break but I want to get her out of the club. 

"Do you want to get out of here?" I ask her.

"I thought you'd never ask darlin." She replies. 

I take her hand and lead her out of the club. We are back at the limo and Grace suddenly pushes me against the car door, grinds into me and starts kissing me. She's feeling my breasts and playing with my nipples. 

"Mmmm baby I want you. Let's get in the car so I can get you naked." I say as I unlock the car door.

We climb into the car and I lock the door behind us. She pushes me on the seat and then straddles me and continues to kiss me. I run my hands up the back of her legs and under her skirt. I feel her bare ass but I can tell that she's wearing a thong. We're kissing with abandon now. I have pulled her top and her bra down so that her breasts are now bare and ready for me to play with and suck on. She's moaning and running her hands through my hair and gently pulling it as I suck on her nipples alternating between them. 

I finally decide to take charge. I maneuver us around so that she's lying on the seat and I undress her. She's lying naked and I can't really let her be naked alone so I strip my clothes off. I turn my back to her for a minute so that I can slip the dildo into my harness. I turn around and expect her to be surprised by the strap on but she just smiles widely and says,"Oh baby I was hoping that you'd be packing. Now come here and fuck me with everything you've got."

With that she kneels on the seat with her back towards me and her hands on the top of the backseat. I don't need any further invitation as I move up behind her. I kiss the back of her neck and massage her breasts and play with her nipples. I slide one hand down between her legs and she's incredibly wet. I play with her for a few minutes until she begs me to fuck her. 

I slide the dildo into her incredibly wet pussy and start to slowly ease it inside her while playing with her breasts and kissing the back of her neck. She's moaning now and begging for me to give it to her harder. So I oblige and thrust into her pussy. 

"I've been a naughty girl." She says. "I think I need to be spanked." 

I slap her ass as I'm pounding her pussy with the dildo. She moans again and I know she's enjoying herself. I can tell that she's getting closer to having an orgasm and so I thrust harder and faster. She cums with a loud moan. I kiss the back of her neck and slowly withdraw from her pussy.

I slump into the sit to rest for a few minutes while she's resting at the other side. Grace takes a long sip of her drink and then comes over to straddle my legs. She starts to kiss me and says," Baby that was fucking hot." 

She starts playing with my breasts and sucking on my nipples. She reaches behind me and unbuckles the harness. She puts it aside and spreads my legs. She slips her fingers inside me. 

"Someone's very wet. Let me see if I can help that situation."

She starts fucking me with her fingers and then she starts to lick and suck on my clit. I'm so turned on that it doesn't take very long for me to have an orgasm. I come and shudder and she comes up to sit beside me. She kisses me and cuddles into me. 


"I guess you've done this before Grace?" 

"Why honey yes I'm a big dyke like you." 

"Wow who knew my gaydar must not be functioning very well." I respond.

"Oh honey, you don't think we hooked up by chance do you? A friend of mine told me about you. You drove for her before and she thought I might like you. So I called up and requested you. And am I ever glad that I did."

We start kissing again. I can tell the limo's going to be rocking tonight.


Wendy J. December 6, 2004