 "Long drive" Kitty chuckled to herself. Her beautiful brown eyes watched the road, scanning the road trying not to fall asleep. Kitty didn't sleep that much the night before, she has way too much on her mind. For the first time in a long time it wasn't about work. It was about the beautiful one she met the night before. Kitty took a glance at her odometer; she chuckled as the trip meter crossed over to the three hundredth mile. She sighed, "Only three hundred more to go." 

Kitty began to daydream about the one she met that last night. Kitty was sitting in the hotel bar watching the people as she sipped her Diet Soda. Kitty was usually a very quiet girl. She had little self-confidence and was pretty lonely. Her long brown hair rested at her mid back. Her brown eyes looking on, her ears perked listening to the conversations around her with mild interest. She noticed that bartender smiling at her; she of course smiled back as polite as ever. The tender sat in front of her behind the bar and began talking to kitty. Kitty soon made friends with the beautiful bartender and began to notice how much she turned her on. 

Kitty remembered many things about the tender. The way her perfume smelled like lavender then was her green eyes seemed to shine in the light of the bar. The way her pert breast shown through the white material of her work shirt was outstanding. Her gentle laugh and giggle, as she seemed to laugh at every silly statement that Kitty had made. The two were becoming fast friends; maybe if kitty had a little more time in that town they may have been more. 

Kitty and the bartender laughed and flirted the entire night about many things. First about men, or in Kitty's case the lack there of. The tender joked about her former boyfriend and how small he was in the penis department. She made kitty laugh a lot, kitty could tell that she was a great person. The two talked most of the night about little things until Kitty mentioned to her about the long drives that she must endure for her seemingly dead-end job. 

The two laughed about their jobs, the tender was only working part time to get through college, Kitty was older than the tender by a few years. The tender smiled to Kitty, "doesn't it get lonely on the road?" the tender said in a soft sweet voice. Kitty simply nodded and sighed, yes it does get lonely for her; she has not even had a relationship in about three years. 

Kitty changed her drink of choice from Diet Soda to Diet Soda with rum. After a few of those, kitty became a bit loose lipped; she was to the point where she would probably say just about anything. Kitty wasn't a big drinker and it didn't take much.

The subject of masturbation came up. "I bet you do it a lot don't you? I mean being on the road so much doesn't leave time for many relationships." The bartender inquired in a bit of a seductive voice. The purring sound that the bartender made as she asked made Kitty blush very deep red. Kitty wasn't sure how to respond to the inquiry so she giggled and replied, "I do it on occasion when the mood strikes me sweetie". Kitty left it at that. 

The bartender noticed the blush her green eyes seemed to light up at the thought of making Kitty blush and get excited. The bartender leaned over and whispered into kitty's ear, "You know there is nothing like masturbating on the open road, touching yourself while you drive the car faster and faster, hoping that no one passes by and sees your hands working on your pussy." She said in the soft whisper. Kitty could smell her perfume she could feel her own loins quiver just a bit at the statement the bartender made. Kitty's jaw dropped, her eyes went wide, and she blushed an even darker crimson than before. 

The tender laughed at her reaction and gently caressed Kitty's cheek, "You know that I could make you cum in a matter of moments while you drive, " the bartender said again in a seductive whisper. Causing Kitty to writhe with excitement at the words of the other woman. The tender leaned in and gently kissed kitty, her lips on hers moving with soft embrace, the bartender broke the kiss and smiled to her, "How about I make you cum right now?" she said in that same whispering purr.

Kitty's heart skipped a beat. She went pale at the thought, her flower gushing with excitement at just the thought of the beautiful tender being intimate with her. The tender looked at the clock and sighed, "On second thought, I have to close things up. Here is my number, the next time you are in town give me a call and I will fulfill my promise" the tender said sorrowfully. 

Kitty kissed her again and gave her a very generous tip. They hugged goodnight and...

~HONK HONK~ Kitty jolted back to reality, she began to once again pay attention to the road. The drive seemed to be taking forever. The words of the bartender rang in her ears as she drove. "There is nothing like masturbating while driving," The voice echoing in her skull as she heard the sweet seductive purr of the beautiful Tender.

Kitty's left hand was resting on her lap over her black skirt. Her right hand on the steering wheel keeping the car steady. The thought kept crossing her mind, but she tried to shake it off. She tried to concentrate on driving but there was no use. She was turned on by the thought and was losing her will to keep her hands off to the lust she had in her body to try something new. 

Her thoughts moved to the bartender once again, the way she smelled, the way she laughed and spoke to her, her beautiful long red hair, her beautiful kissable lips.

Kitty moved her hand under her skirt, she had lost control. Her thoughts belonged about that bartender, her beautiful voice plagued her, and 'hoping that no one passes by and sees your hands working on your pussy' Kitty bit her lip at the voice she was lost in it. 

Her left hand moved under her already soaked panties. Her right hand holding the steering wheel tightly, her left hand moving in soft circles under her panties. Kitty's eyes half closed in passion, dreaming of the bartender. Kitty let out a soft moan. She couldn't hold back. 

Her body begging to be touched, her flower needing to be entered. Kitty spread her legs a bit and traced the index finger of her left hand up and down her wet slit. Her eyes darted on the road trying to pay attention. She entered herself, and let out a loud moan of pleasure. She began moving her finger in and out of her love tunnel. Her hips moving slightly, the thought of the bartender making love to her entered her mind. 

Faster and faster she fingered her needing flower. Her right hand grasped the steering wheel tightly as she approached orgasm. She moved her middle finger to join her index. Faster and faster she pumped the fingers in and out of her needing hole. She screamed in pleasure as she finally came. 

Her opening tightened around her fingers, her juices flooding out of her as she experienced this orgasm. When her orgasm subsided she looked down at her speedometer, she laughed kind of in a daze, "eighty eight, slow it down girl." She did as she told herself and slowed back to the speed limit. 

After another few miles Kitty noticed a rest stop sign. It was a good idea she though to stop at the rest stop she was still a little woozy from her after glow and needed to stretch her legs. She pulled into the rest area as the sun began to set. 

She was in a hurry because she was afraid of being alone, in a rest stop after dark. She slid out of her car and walked to the rest room. She noticed a beautiful girl smiling at her as she left her car. Kitty took the time to glance at her. The beauty was about five foot four or so, blonde hair and then nicest breasts that kitty has seen in a while. She smiled back and proceeded. 

After she was finished in the rest room She went to wash her hands and noticed the girl again. The girl approached her and smiled; "nice show" the girl said still looking at her. Kitty turned pale, she looked back at the woman, "Excuse Me?" Kitty said in question. The girl laughed, "you know it feels so much better when someone else does that for you dear" the girl said seductively. Kitty didn't know what to do. She smiled and turned to walk out. The girl grabbed her arm. 

"Let me show you doll" the girl said roughly, before she pressed her lips firmly against Kitty's. Kitty pulled away and just stared at the woman. The woman chuckled, "your choice doll, you don't know what you are missing" the girl stated rather harshly then she began to walk away. 

Kitty spoke up, trying to say something to keep her there, "I am Kitty it is nice to meet you" was about all she could come up with. Kitty had a way with words indeed. She felt quite stupid at what she said. Her face became red with the embarrassment of sounding like a total fool.

The girl turned to her and smiled, "call me mystery, most people do," the girl replied with a smirk and a sultry voice. The girl walked back up to kitty and kissed her again. This time Kitty was much more responsive. Her lips moved against the woman's with the gentle passion of a lonely woman, she wanted this. Her soft lips opened as she felt the girls tongue snaking its way into her mouth. She moaned into the kiss and felt that she was going to orgasm right there.

She felt the woman pull her closer. She felt the warmth of the woman's body against her own. Her breasts against the woman's made her want to scream. The taste of the woman's mouth was unimaginable. The wetness she felt in her already soaked cotton panties now making the scene even more erotic. The kiss was finally broken, kitty was out of breath, taken by the woman and the whole erotic scene. 

The girl moved her to a stall, and began to kiss her again, this time even deeper, even more lustful than before. Kitty ached for the woman's touch deep within her loins. She felt the woman's hand gently move up her leg to her inner thigh. She didn't break the kiss as she moved her hand to Kitty's soft flower and moved her even more soaked panties to the side. Her tongue moving with Kitty's in her mouth, her hand found its way to kitty's clit and began moving in soft circles, causing kitty to whimper a bit into the kiss. 

Kitty moved her hips in passion, lost in the lust in her heart and the warmth of her flower. She felt the woman enter her. The woman's fingers were a dream, they penetrated kitty deeply, harshly, kitty was not making love, as she was use to, kitty was being fucked. Kitty felt her flower wrap tightly around the woman's fingers. Her soft pussy was aching begging for the woman's finger to take it; kitty's hips began to buck with passion. 

The woman finally broke the kiss and smiled to her, "I want you to let it go Doll, cum for me" the woman said out of breath as she thrust her fingers into Kitty harder, moving them in and out of her aching hole with such force and lust that Kitty's face became flushed and moved her hips faster. The woman leaned in to Kitty's neck. The woman smiled at the reaction and bit kitty's neck as she worked for Kitty's orgasm. This was too much for Kitty; the feeling of pleasure mixed with pain of the biting sent her into the heat of orgasm. Kitty let out loud moan as she came, her body trembling, her hips bucking wanting more and more of the woman's fingers. Her juices flooded the woman's hand as she came harder than she ever did in her life. The woman broke the bite and removed her fingers from Kitty's soaked flower. 

The woman stuck them in her soft pink mouth and smiled, "see I told you, Much better than doing it yourself doll." The woman chuckled softly and then left the stall. Kitty regained composure and went to find the woman, but she was already gone. Kitty never saw her again, but never forgot what it was like to feel the woman's fingers deep inside her. Kitty got back into her car and drove home, then relived the incident again alone in her bed.

Yes a long drive indeed.