 "Maddy! Isn't this enough?"

Bethanie pouted and pushed her lips out then sucked them in again, stretching her mouth and trying to ease the ache. She looked all the way down the long meeting room table that was strewn with a crazy variety of objects, from stuffed toys to kitchenware to rubber chickens and everything in between. None of them bore the faintest smudge of lipstick.

"Jesus, Bethanie, we've got to get the whole list done today. You know it and we're almost done. So pucker up." Maddy, her short, stylish blonde hair held perfectly with two simple bobby pins (Bethanie cursed Maddy for being some kind of hair ninja, her dark hair wasn't at all curly, but it was always ended up such a tangled mess no matter what she did with it) held another empty coffee cup in front of her.

"I've already kissed, like, six coffee mugs Maddy." Bethanie sighed, exasperated.

"Not with this lacquer you haven't Bethy." Maddy explained slowly, as if to a child. "Now, kiss." Bethanie sighed, pursed her lips and pressed them against the cool ceramic cup, rubbing them left and right slightly then pulled away. No lipstick was left on the cup. "My lips hurt!" she whined.

"You have to admit this lipstick is something else though, huh?" Maddy ignored her, and scrutinized the cup with a small magnifying glass. "It doesn't come off on anything. If you lost the solution, you probably couldn't wash it off yourself."

Bethanie was rubbing her lips gingerly, teetering on the edge of a full sulk. "The colours are too slutty. They should come up with something a little more... subtle."

"Oh, well that's up to the people upstairs I think." Maddy was casting around for some object they hadn't tried yet.

"Yeah but think about it, ever-lasting lipstick in hot, trashy colours? It's like they're making it for hookers."

Maddy giggled and rested her head in her arms on the desk, she was getting tired too, even though she hadn't had to kiss a whole range of pans from a leading kitchen ware manufacturer. She sat up again, smoothing down her stylish, fitted, green wool sweater and pulling her grey skirt straight. She seemed deep in thought, but after a while she looked at Bethanie until she caught her junior's eye.

"We have three or four more surfaces we have to do then I think I can sign off on the whole list."

"OK..." Bethanie cautiously anticipated an end to this chore.

"One is kinda strange."

"OK..."

"You see Bethy, we have to test it," here, Maddy's raised an eyebrow cheekily, "on a live specimen."

Bethanie's eyes got big, a little surprised that bossy Maddy was getting a little playful. "OK...?"

"So, I um... well..." here Maddy seemed to lose her train of thought, and after a moment's hesitation and a small sigh, she started again. "Ok, you know Seth up in the design pool?" Maddy was trying to look mischievous, but she seemed a little tired or something. Bethanie couldn't quite read her expression, there was something else under the surface.

"Um... yes!" Bethanie's eyes got bigger. Her school-girl crush on the young designer was fairly well known, and she realised that he always worked later than everyone else in the company, so... She looked up at the clock. It was likely that he was the only person in the company working late other than them! Maddy watched her face as her mind watched up these steps and smiled.

"Let's call him." She said with a strange hint of resignation in her voice.

"Yes, let's!" Bethanie was sitting up straight, oblivious to the off undertone of Maddy's words, and her sore lips all but forgotten. As Maddy dialled the design department Bethanie affected a professional tone. "I hope he hasn't shaved, the friction from his stubble would... ah, provide an excellent test surface for my... um our product. I'd probably have to kiss him several times or... more to be..."

"You goof." Maddy smirked as she waited for the phone to be answered. "Oh, hi! Diane? Yeah, it's Maddy. Yes, late, I know! Listen is Seth around, I..." Bethanie watched Maddy's face fall theatrically, her own face turning from excitement to disappointment as she realised what the message was.

Maddy hung up the phone, "Of all the days to go home early!" "Oh Maddy," Bethanie smiled a little, even though it kind of hurt, "that was such a nice idea though."

"Ah you're welcome."

The girls sat in silence for a moment.

"Well, I'm sorry to be your boss again, but we still have to get this stuff tested." She tapped the lipstick tube against the tabIe. "I'm guessing that the only people left in the building now are going to be cleaning staff, that old security guy and Diane. So... who do you want to turn into a Prince, Princess?"

"No way, I don't have to..." Bethanie started in disbelief.

"You do I'm afraid Bethy. I've got to sign off on this today."

"But they really are all frogs! I can't believe you chose me to do this!"

"Oh come on Bethy! Your lips are the... fullest, y'know. The best for kissing..." Maddy sounded a little hesitant at this, and when Bethanie looked over she was looking down at her list quite intently. The two girls were silent for a minute or maybe more. Neither looking at the other.

"Well..." Maddy broke the silence, "we could... I mean."

"Yeah?" Bethanie glanced over at her superior, but Maddy was still looking down, twisting the lipstick up and down in its tube.

"That is... you could... kiss me?"

"Um..."

"No! Wait, that would be too weird wouldn't it? We can just..."

"Actually..." They were both talking a little too fast, running over the tails of each other's sentences.

"Yes?" Prompted Maddy, a touch too eagerly.

"Well, you've got to sign that list tonight so let's just... um... let's do it!"

"Really Bethy?" Maddy sat up and pushed her hair behind her ears in a less-than-professional way, "You don't mind?"

"No!" Bethanie smiled nervously, she really didn't mind and she didn't know why. A few minutes ago she had been positively drooling over the thought of Seth the designer, but now... now she was feeling something else. It wasn't desire, so much as an electrical current of excitement creeping up from her belly. "No, I don't mind at all."

"Ok." Said Maddy, standing up, then sitting down again. Bethanie looked at her closely, was she blushing? "Ok, come around here." They had been sitting on opposite sides of the lengthy meeting room table, so Bethanie had to walk a little way to circumnavigate it. Maddy twisted the chair to face her and Bethanie, still smiling nervously beneath her choppy mess of raven hair sat in the chair next to her. "Ok," Maddy started again, "I'll just lean forwards and..."

"... And pucker up?" Completed Bethanie with deadpan timing. Maddy couldn't help but giggle.

"Yes, and pucker up." Maddy knew what she wanted here, even if Bethanie's motives were still only half-formed, but she forced herself to be as professional as she could. She folded her hands in her lap, ignored her pounding heart and leant forwards for the kiss.

Bethanie didn't say anything, she just leaned forwards too, her legs more open and her hands on the knees of her tight charcoal pants. The kiss was soft and brief, over before either girl could really experience it, they just got tiny impressions that they quickly tried to piece together like a jigsaw.

Bethanie's impression of Maddy's lips: Hot, firm, strawberry pie.

Maddy's impression of Bethanie's lips: Soft, sweet, coffee sundae.

Both wanted to do further research.

"Well?" Maddy asked, marvelling at how Bethanie couldn't hear her heart. It was almost bursting out of her chest! "How are my lips?" Bethanie stammered an answer.

"They're really, very nice!"

"For lipstick you goof! How are my lips for lipstick?"

"Oh! Oh! Of course!" Bethanie fumbled for the magnifying glass and inspected Maddy's lips as the other girl pouted for her. Bethanie was fascinated. These were the lips she had just kissed! She tried to find some kind of reference point, to match them to the sensation that still lingered on her own lips, but they were just pretty, sweet, tasty looking lips. Not a smudge of her own lipstick either.

"You're clear! But we were a little quick." Bethanie hesitated, so Maddy continued.

"I have to say I thought so too, to be sure we really need to do it firmer I think."

"Firmer." Agreed Bethanie, the sparks in her body started to spread out along her arms. She might have been a goof, but she was no fool. Ideas and images were springing up inside her quicker than she could quell them now, like her subconscious was full to overflowing and gushing out all over the place.

"Firmer." Said Maddy again, this time in a softer, breathier voice as she leaned forwards to taste Bethanie's kiss again.

This time the half-ideas and fragments that the couple had found before were gloriously completed. Bethanie's full, soft lips pressed, softly at first, then harder and harder against Maddy's cute, pert mouth. There was tension, the pressure between them seeming to supercharge the electricity that was writhing around Bethanie's body, and in Maddy it shot like a bolt of flame from her heart down between her legs. No matter how tightly she pressed them together she couldn't protect her pussy from the jolt of arousal.

Bethanie, half thinking straight, realised that she should probably create more friction to test the lipstick. Both girls had their eyes closed, but Maddy's shot wide open as she felt Bethanie's hand slip behind her head and press her even more firmly into the kiss - at the same time Bethanie turned her head slightly, dragging her dark, lipsticked kiss across Maddy's shocked mouth. Both girls found their lips open a little, and each tasted the other's hot breath, found the kiss a little wetter, and the powers that were controlling their bodies grew even stronger.

They broke apart again, both of them flushed and breathing deeply. Neither could talk.

"And how are my lips now?" Maddy gasped as she caught her breath.

"They're..." Bethanie reached for the magnifying glass but she couldn't remember where she had left it, "they're..." Maddy reached out and stopped Bethanie's searching hand, gently taking it in both of hers.

"No, I mean... how are my lips." She leaned closer, she felt dizzy, she couldn't stop herself.

"They're..." Maddy moved closer and closer. Bethanie could feel her breath playing across her sensitive lips, "They're delicious."

With the third kiss they weren't thinking about the lipstick test at all. Their lips pressed and searched eagerly together, Maddy's hands on either side of Bethanie's pretty face, pulling her unresisting into the passionate kiss. "We shouldn't..." sighed Bethanie, her tone worried, "someone will..."

"Cleaning staff have already done this floor," smiled, Maddy, her face glowing, "security is only on the front desk, no-one else is even in this part of the building. We're safe."

"But should we even..." Maddy silenced her with another kiss. What had once seemed like an impossible feat, was already becoming easier and easier.

"I think we should. I really do."

Bethanie pulled away, trying to keep things under control, but her face was flushed and her breathing was heavy. Even her tousled hair was messier than it had been a few minutes before. She knew what she wanted now, but although her body and subconscious had been quick to pick up on things, her brain was still shouting reservations. "But do what Maddy?"

"Test the lipstick, you goof." Maddy giggled. She was usually serious, maybe a touch playful, but now she was giddy as a schoolgirl. She pushed Bethanie back in her chair and stood up leaning over her. Bethanie was several inches taller than petite Maddy, but the blonde girl was in the driving seat.

"I mean - I think - we might - be going - beyond - testing the - lipstick" gasped Bethanie between Maddy's short, hard kisses. The blonde shrugged and spreading Bethanie's legs apart, knelt between them on the chair, her body pressed against Bethanie's, craning her neck down to kiss Bethanie's upturned lips again. Her mouth wouldn't stay closed this time, and her tongue ran across Bethanie's soft, sore lips. Bethanie was only surprised for a moment before her own lips parted in compliance and the two girls pressed against each other harder and harder, their lips pressed and sliding, their tongues tangled, their hands twisting in each other's hair.

The sparks running through Bethanie were bolts of lightning now, shooting up and down her body non-stop and Maddy - Maddy was just so, so hot. Her lips, her skin... the soft cleft between her legs that even now she could feel becoming more needy and desperate. She was burning up, she was so hot and this kiss was going on forever. It was heaven but she wanted more. She broke the kiss.

"Wow." Was all Bethanie could manage.

"Ok, next test Bethy." Maddy smiled wickedly and, straightening up, pulled off her green sweater in one smooth movement. Beneath it she was wearing a simple white blouse and her fingers quickly went to work on the buttons. "Oh my god! Oh my god Maddy! This is crazy!"

"I know, isn't it?" Maddy pulled the blouse out of her skirt, but held it closed around her slim body. The two girls were so close, and in such a position, that Bethanie had to look up to read the other girl's face. Maddy seemed to be trying not to laugh. "Well Bethy? Do you want me to take my shirt off?"

"You'll do it? Here?" Bethanie looked at the door, then back at Maddy, there were no windows looking into the meeting room but there was no lock on the door either. Maddy stayed silent, smirking. Bethanie, relaxed her tense body and slouched back in the chair. She looked up at Maddy, who was practically kneeling in her lap and raised an eyebrow. "Ok girl, show me your tits," she growled in a fake tough-guy voice.

"Yes ma'am." Maddy looked Bethanie in the eye, but as she seductively peeled open her blouse Bethanie's eyes inevitable fell lower and lower, to Maddy's small but perky breasts. The pink satin bra with black lace trim was sexy as hell, but it was padded, Bethanie noted. She suddenly felt a burning desire to bare Maddy's breasts, to suck and bite on the nipples, to squeeze and toy with them. Small or not, she wanted those breasts to be hers. She looked up and was surprised to see Maddy blushing. "You know, satin is on the list. The check list I mean."

"Well then..." Bethanie sat up, and with Maddy kneeling between her knees, her cleavage was right in front of Bethanie's flushed face. She pressed her lips to the soft, fake satin, kissing it quickly, firmly and roughly - that wasn't what she was after.

"Well? Any mark?" Asked Maddy, but Bethanie didn't answer, instead, continuing to kiss to the top of the left cup, the rough lace chafing her sore lips again, not that she cared anymore.

"Shut up, and put your hands behind your head." Bethanie instructed, gently but firmly and Maddy caught her breath and obeyed. Raising her arms like this thrust her chest forward and she looked down, dizzy with happiness as she saw Bethanie slowly pulling down on the bottom of each bra-cup. The sensation of her firm breasts being tugged down with the bra (she already knew her nipples were hard beneath the padding) made her bite her lip, until she let out a sharp gasp as the bra slipped down and her perky breasts popped over the top of the cups. The bra, still clasped, was cutting into her a bit, but she didn't care. She was kneeling there, her chest thrust out and exposed to the girl she had wanted for so long now.

Bethanie's tongue curled out and traced a lazy circle around Maddy's right nipple, and the petite girl shivered in response.

"That wasn't your... your lips." She stammered out, not daring to look down now, her eyes closed and her hands still held behind her head. "That wasn't a lipstick test."

"Shut up. You smell nice." Bethanie moved on to the left nipple, her wet tongue coaxing it into pert arousal.

"Oh no..." Whispered Maddy, making Bethanie chuckle and look up.

"Don't tell me you don't want this Maddy. You pretty much seduced me, don't go playing coy now."

"It's not that, it's just that this is too good to be true. I've kinda... liked you for a whilie." Bethanie raised a single dark eyebrow.

"Go on." She turned her attention to the whole of Maddy's right breast now, cupping it with her fingers, then squeezing and plumping it with her fingertips. She smiled with satisfaction as Maddy unconsciously reacted by slowly wriggling her hips.

"I didn't make up the lipstick test, the boss really wanted us to do that. But the Seth thing - well I saw him go home early today."

"You lying little tease," chastised Bethanie with a smile, now caressing both breasts at once and savouring the feel of the soft, smooth skin, and how it yielded to her touch. She almost laughed out loud when it occurred to her that her superious, the stylish, mostly aloof Maddy was now her little plaything. She bobbed her head forwards and sucked Maddy's right nipple into her mouth hard, tonguing the very tip rapidly as she did so.

"Jesus, God," Maddy gasped, "I didn't expect that! Have you done this before?"

Bethanie kept up the pressure on the other girl's hard nipple for a moment before letting it go and answering. "With another girl? Yes, once or twice."

"I didn't know, I mean, I'm gay like you know..."

"Actually I didn't." Bethanie interrupted as she moved across to the left side of Maddy's chest.

"You didn't know?" Maddy regained her senses a little and looked down just in time to see Bethanie's lips pout into a sexy O and close around her nipple. Again the taller girl's tongue flicked quick and firm at her sensitive flesh, and Maddy fought, but couldn't stifle, the whimper of arousal that rose up inside her.

"Ha ha! You sound sexy!" Bethanie laughed. "No, I didn't know, I thought that you thought that you were just too good for most boys."

"Oh my god. Everyone else here knows!"

"Well, I don't chat much with most people here, so..." Bethanie leaned back, giving Maddy's nipples one last hard pinch.

"Ow! Jesus!"

"Ok, well. Now you've got me all riled up girl, so you'd better do what I say." Maddy blushed hard, her eyes wide, biting tensely on her lower lip she found she had lost her voice completely. She tried to answer, but it just came out as a squeak, so she nodded her head quickly instead. "Get up on the table. Stand up, you're so cute and petite you should fit."

Maddy hopped off the chair, finding her legs much shakier than before, and the movement stretched her panties in a way that made her acutely aware of how turned on she was. She pushed an assortment of junk aside and got onto the table by sitting on it, then swinging her legs round and carefully raising herself up, wary of slipping on the shiny surface. She was glad she hadn't worn hose that day anyway. She stood facing Bethanie, who also stood and was looking her up and down appraisingly.

"I kinda thought I'd be the dominant one." Maddy smiled wryly.

"Another time maybe." Bethanie ran her hand firmly up Maddy's calf and thigh, under her skirt, as if checking a new car she had just purchased. At those words Maddy's heart sang and she almost punched the air in triumph. Another time! This might not just be some over-tired mistake? "I don't like being boxed into a situation." Bethanie added, removing her hand before she had even come close to touching the point where Maddy most craved her caress. "Now, lose the skirt."

Maddy's throat was dry as she unclasped the side of the stylish dress, unzipped it quickly and let it fall off her slim hips. It formed a soft pool of fabric at her feet and she gently kicked it away, pushing her neat bangs out of her face and behind her ear. Her hair clips must be slipping she thought, trying to ignore how exposed she felt just standing in her bare legs before Bethanie's searching eyes. In fact Bethanie's eyes weren't searching, they were pretty much locked on Maddy's panties; matching pink satin with black lace trim. Special panties for a special occasion that Maddy had barely dared to visualise.
