 Kat woke even before her alarm clock rung, with a gasp of anticipation. Sunday morning. The best goddamn fucking morning of the whole week. 

She began getting ready for church easily, without haste or worry. She hadn't missed a visit to the Lord's Temple in five years, and by now she knew exactly what she was doing. 

She knew exactly which tight dress she was going to wear, although she'd amassed quite a collection in the last few years. She knew just how low to pull the neckline to frame her delicious breasts, and the right amount of fabric to pull up over her butt to create an "accidental" upper thigh flash. 

Kat looked at herself in the mirror as she touched up her lipstick. She looked extremely, undeniably fuckable. She puckered her ruby red lips and blew herself a kiss, trying to keep the malicious grin under control. 

The old ladies at church love her. 

"She's just so brave", they say. "a woman that size, dressing like that." 

"Well she has to, you know. How else will she ever find a husband?" 

"Of course, of course. But it's just nice to know that despite her, uh, 'big' problem, she's still trying- she hasn't.. you know.. given up on finding a man." And they would all nod at each other, and call over Kat to ask for fashion advice to give to their granddaughters. 

Please. As if Kat needed a man. Why would she, when her strap-on harness fit so seamlessly beneath her dress, and its little o-ring could stretch to fit any dildo of hers that she chose? Kat already had too many dicks to keep track of and she had no use for another, especially one she couldn't even use to fuck girls. 

Fucking girls. The one, true passion that filled every moment of Kat's life. She spent every waking hour thinking about it, wanting it, doing it, recovering from it. Tall girls, short girls, thin girls, fat girls, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful girls. She had fucked hundreds of them- on dates, in parks, inside and outside and under cars, pushed down over countless sofas and beds- But Sundays... Sundays were her favorite. 

** 

Kat gave herself a once-over in the mirror. Her black hair gently wound its way down her back. Her black dress, her favorite, hinted at the lingerie she wore underneath. Her tattoos, too, lay just below the dress's surface, gently tracing parts of her body that wouldn't be seen until later this morning. Her pale features were accented with her trademark red lipstick and dark eye make-up. Her favorite dick was nestled comfortably in her purse, along with a few other... items. She was ready. 

Once at church, she leaned into her usual seat in the very last pew, and ran her fingers over the schedule for today. The church choir would be performing at 10:45, and it was an extra-long session. Perfect. Kat got as comfortable as she could on the hard wooden pew. She had over an hour to wait, but she barely minded. Going to church always gave her something amusing to look at. 

Bells and things chimed around her, and the Pastor walked slowly to the altar, his wife standing to his side, a respectful distance behind him. 

"Welcome," boomed the Reverend, "to another day, in the House of God. I am so grateful that you all chose to enter his temple today, to repent your deepest sins, to be cleansed of the foul blackness that surrounds all sinners, and to learn the way without sin, so that someday you might take it into your own life, and finally be free from the sin that surrounds us all, dragging us down-" 

As the Reverend spoke, his wife never looked up. At the weekly after-church bruncheon, she would be a social butterfly, but she always began church like this, not expressing any emotion until much later in the sermon. Most assumed that she did this out of a woman's duty to her husband. She honored him with her silence as he spoke to the congregation, and entertained for him when the time came. 

The beautiful Mrs. Sandy Michaelson was a picturesque version of a pastor's wife. Her straight blonde hair was held up in a simple knot, accentuating her soft features and long, slim neck. She never wore much makeup, but had a beauty all the same, one that radiated out whenever she chose to express herself. She wore a light, simple wrap shirt that hugged her slender frame and barely hinted at curves underneath, a thin necklace that sparkled against her collarbones as they jutted out from her chest, and a long pink skirt that looked as though it would never dream of containing a butt. As many members of the congregation told their daughters and wives, she was the "perfect" woman. Beautiful yet demure, Kind but quiet, passionate without expectation. She never stepped out of line. 

As the church service dragged on, Kat could feel the heat rising in her chest. The anticipation for this was so fucking good. It was the most delicious type of torture. Every time Kat shifted in her seat from impatience, she could feel her wetness spread down both her thighs, and her pussy begin to throb. All this waiting and watching drove her crazy. She rubbed her thighs together slightly, feeling the heat that was quickly engulfing her whole body, but still she waited. And stared. And wanted. 

At 10:42 Kat stoop up and slipped out the back door. She walked along an empty hallway, the loud click-clack of her heels announcing her arrival. She turned into another hallway and sped up slightly, and the noise of her high heels against the linoleum got even louder. She stopped at an unmarked door, gave herself a little shake, and stepped through into the room beyond. 

As always, she was waiting just inside. Fuck Yes Thank You Jesus. Kat was always a little scared that something would go wrong and she wouldn't be able to have her little feast. Her relief took over as she grabbed Mrs. Sandy Michaelson by the waist and pushed her back against the wall, kissing her passionately enough that the loud moans from both parties were barely audible. 

Within seconds, Kat was tearing clothes off of the pastor's wife and bending down to rub her face in her perfect breasts. They were pale but had a glow that was almost pinkish, small enough that they overflowed only slightly from Kat's hands, and perfectly perky, the dark brown nipples pointed up as if to offer the viewer a delicious treat. As Kat greedily slid her teeth over one, she could almost taste chocolate. 

She pulled Sandy to her by biting down gently and pulling, supporting her back with both hands as Sandy's muscles relaxed and she grew limp, only moving to pull Kat's hair harder. Sandy whimpered and moaned deeply, her soft features already covered by a fine sheen of sweat. 

Sandy always had trouble controlling her voice around Kat, but that was why the choir's rehearsal room, directly beneath where the choir sang during service, was their favorite spot. As loud as they were, they knew no one would discover their secret. 

Kat shifted to the other breast and let Sandy fall back against the wall, using the opportunity to run her hands down her slim hips, pinning her. As Kat flicked circles over the tiny bud, she breathed in deeply. Thank you. This release was what she lived for. Not her release, but Sandy's. A week's worth of boredom, of quiet desperation, of endless pretending and placating- gushing out onto her tongue, her cock. And gushing.. and gushing... 

Kat slid her hands under Sandy's butt and picked her up, hearing a small sigh and feeling the woman's small body relax completely into her chest as she carried her. She set Sandy back down next to the choir's rehearsal piano and twisted her over it, pushing her torso far enough along it that her toes could barely reach the ground. Mm.. this was just how Kat liked her. 

She pulled Sandy's skirt up and smiled at the gasp she elicited. She fished into her purse with one hand and pulled out a rather versatile clit vibe. Kat ran it slowly up the back of Sandy's thighs, starting at the knee and working upwards, until Sandy's whole lower body was filled with tremors. The demure blonde lay with her face against the piano, eyes shut tightly but mouth wide open. She was trembling at the slightest touch from Kat, and her ever-growing whimpers filled the room. Her dark haired tormenter traced up to the line of her panties over and over again, teasing so deliberately that most women would have lost control. But Sandy knew the rules. Aside from the shaking, she didn't move a muscle. 

Kat put aside the vibrator for a moment and slowly, slowly, pulled down the top of Sandy's panties, lowering them inch by inch over her supple butt. How Sandy hid it so well in her clothes Kat would never know, and now Kat could barely keep from drooling as each round cheek bounced free from the panties. Her ass was framed perfectly by her pulled-up skirt and the top edge of her panties, and Kat stared for a moment before she pulled the panties off the rest of the way. 

She went even more slowly as she finally dragged the last layer of protection off Sandy's bare pussy, and Sandy breathed so erratically that the top half of her body shook as badly as the bottom. If she was allowed to talk, she would have begged. 

Kat kept the vibe on the lowest, most torturous setting, and ran it as lightly as possible over the meeting of Sandy's labia. Sandy jerked into the piano, her entire body tensing with need for release. Her torturer watched the pressure build as she traced Sandy's lips up and down, not giving enough attention to her clit to make her cum but, she knew, flooding her tiny frame with warmth. She smiled and, keeping it just as gentle, stoked the fire. 

Sandy's face, now covered in beads of sweat, pushed hard against the surface of the piano as she hoped and hoped for release. She arched her back almost imperceptibly, moaning over and over again. Her entire face contorted with effort, and her eyes began to water. 

Kat always waited for the first tear to come out of Sandy's eye before she let her have the pleasure she wanted, but once she gave it to her, she gave completely. 

She abruptly pulled Sandy off of the piano and onto the ground with her. She lied back onto the floor and reached for her playmate, but Sandy was already gathering her skirt and, with a look of exaltation, placing her hips over Kat's face. Kat stared up at her pussy in the moments before it lowered onto her, in reverence. Sandy's pussy was a deep, swollen pink, and cum almost dripped onto Kat's tongue, she was so wet. Mm.. like nectar from a flower. Kat stretched out her tongue flat and let Sandy build a rhythm for a few moments, allowing her to get her body used to the level of sensation. Then she dug her nails into her hips and gave her what she wanted. 

Kat pulled Sandy's pussy even closer to her, and enveloped her clit with her tongue. She swirled over it in circles, her favorite way to work Sandy up. She felt Sandy's increasingly overwhelmed body bend over towards her, struggling to hold up her own weight. Kat's tongue worked harder and her lips closed over her clit. She started sucking gently, but within minutes she was sucking as hard as she could and Sandy was shaking on top of her, writhing so intensely that it seemed like she would pull both of them over. Kat gave a long, steady pull with her lips and Sandy moaned deeply, sinking down onto Kat's luscious mouth. Kat felt cum gush onto her lips and gave an appreciative lick, flicking her tongue for good measure. 

She pulled Sandy's hips forward and swirled her tongue around her entrance. Then, she pressed inward and gently flicked in the tip of her tongue. Sandy's hands grabbed her hair and pulled hard as Kat flicked her tongue farther in. The flicks deepened quickly as Sandy pushed against her, riding her face with all her might. Kat, forever the one in control, reached up and pinched each nipple. She held them tight and moved her hands up and down, pulling Sandy's increasingly out of control body with her. She felt Sandy's walls tighten around her tongue and knew she was close to cumming again. She gave one last deep thrust and pulled Sandy off of her. Kat licked her lips as she grabbed her purse, pulling out her favorite dick and a small bottle of lube. 

Sandy slipped up behind her, kissing her neck and pulling at the bottom of her dress. Kat sighed and let herself sink into her touch. Sandy moved around in front of her, kissing her deeply. Kat kissed back, sliding her tongue into Sandy's mouth, knowing it still tasted of her. Sandy pulled at Kat's clothes and took them off, anxious to see what Kat had on underneath. 

It was Kat's favorite lingerie, and as her curves spilled out from her dress, it was easy to see why. The black lace-on-white pattern accented her pale skin perfectly. The soft, wire free cups let her beautiful E cups hold their round shape naturally. The almost-sheer lace let Sandy get a glimpse of Kat's hard nipples. 

The panties were even more beautiful. High wasted, white lace on black, they stretched tightly over every beautiful curve of Kat's heart shaped butt. The front had a black o-ring that Kat had sewed in herself and held her many dicks steady as she fucked her many beautiful girls, and the bottom had an open slit to help the girls fuck her. 

The two women stared at each other for a moment, their hunger building as they took in each other's throbbing chests and curving hips, and then Kat pulled Sandy onto her lap, rubbing her clit as Sandy moaned into her shoulder, sucking it and biting it. Sandy grabbed at Kat's breasts, although two hands could barely begin to cover even one of them. Kat continued to work Sandy up as she pulled Kat's breasts free and kissed her nipples, grazing them with her teeth. They moaned into each other and Sandy grabbed Kat's cock frantically, her hands shaking as she slipped it into the o-ring. Kat quickly covered it in lube, stopping to laugh. "not that you need it, right?" 

Sandy nodded, too busy taking in Kat's figure to listen. Kat's hands slipped back to her hips and she pulled Sandy down gently onto her cock. Sandy's head rolled back and she moaned, sliding her hips easily downward. They locked eyes when Kat pushed all the way in. Kat wrapped her arms around Sandy and stared at her, thrusting up rhythmically. Neither of them looked away as Sandy began to thrust back in unison, their tempo slowly building. Sandy slipped her fingers through the slit in Kat's panties and Kat almost broke eye contact, gasping in pleasure. Sandy found her go-to spot easily and Kat felt pressure building in her belly as her legs shook. She let the pleasure fill her, but it only gave her the desire to please Sandy more. She rubbed the tip of her cock against Sandy's g-spot and heard the woman half-scream as she pushed against her. They stared into each other's eyes as the pleasure overwhelmed them, cumming together and crying out. They shook together for a long moment before Sandy began grinding on Kat's cock again, with even more energy than before. Kat laid back and let her, watching her slim body slide up and down above her, perky breasts bouncing happily. 

Sandy leaned back, giving her an even better view of her chest, and of her pussy pushing against Kat's cock as it slid in and out. 

Kat let her build herself up, tracing the path of her tits through the air. When Sandy's legs began to shake, Kat pulled her off of her cock and pushed her back over the piano, a little harder this time. Sandy pushed her legs as far open as she could, whimpering, as if worried Kat would forget about her. She would have given anything to have Kat's cock in her for 30 more seconds.. 5 more seconds.. she was so close to climax, it felt as if she was on fire. 

Kat lowered her lips to her lover's back, and the torture began. She kissed gently down Sandy's spine, offering no more sensation then the lightest nibble. She kissed a line underneath each butt cheek, pausing in the middle as if she might, maybe, let Sandy have the pleasure she needed. But instead, she ignored the small woman's shakes and whimpers and moved on. 

Kat traced her nails down Sandy's thighs, down to her ankle, and back up to the bottom of the butt. She moved in long straight lines, going slowly inward. It was such a sensitive area, but one that offered no release, only buildup of tension. Kat pulled Sandy's butt cheeks apart and gently blew on her pussy, laughing to herself as that small amount of sensation made Sandy spasm. Her poor plaything was wound so tight, but Kat couldn't stop herself from pushing her even farther. She wanted to make Sandy cum harder than she ever had before. 

Kat pulled out her clit vibe again and put it back on the lowest setting, this time pushing it hard against Sandy's clit. She knew that if she just pulled the vibe away slightly, Sandy would cum almost immediately, but if she held on hard, she could make Sandy's body hold out until it was overstimulated into a massive, crashing orgasm. 

She held the vibe with one hand and gently turned it up one setting, using the other hand to push Sandy's torso down against the piano as the young woman lost control of her legs, kicking and flailing as the vibrations rushed through her body. 

Sandy moaned rhythmically, glowing with sweat and staring dazedly up at Kat, looking for all the world like an angel. 

Kat grinned down at her, and slowly worked up the vibe to half its capacity, and as Sandy got louder and louder, they could hear the choir growing louder above them. Cum poured down the sides of Sandy's legs, and Kat, driven wild by the sight and smell, turned the vibrator up as high as she could. Sandy screamed, gripping the sides of the piano with white knuckles. Kat heard the choir above them begin to reach a crescendo and released her hand from Sandy's back, using it to push two fingers into Sandy's glistening pussy, simultaneously hitting into her g-spot and pushing Sandy forward onto the vibrator even harder. 

The "Halleluiahs" above them became almost deafening, and with each one, Kat thrust her fingers into Sandy and forced out another scream. She sped up, arm muscles burning as she fingerfucked Sandy ever faster and deeper, and Sandy's body released entirely. Her muscles shook loose and her movements fell entirely under Kat's control. Each spasm overtook every muscle in her body, and just as the shaking became too much to bear, it calmed. She had been coming for so long that she could no longer cry out, she simply sighed. The tension that had been building under her beautiful face all week was wiped out entirely. She was at peace. 

Kat released the vibe but kept her fingers inside her, moving extremely gently, turning the orgasm into something long and soft and wonderful, soft enough that it wouldn't have to end. 

Kat pulled her fingers out gently and took hold of Sandy's limp body, pulling her once again onto the floor. Sandy was already snoring by the time they reached the ground, head back against Kat's breasts, mouth curved into a small smile. 

Kat put her arms around her and rocked, gently. 

Soon, the choir would be done performing, and the children would have come to the front of the church and been led in their songs. It would be time for the pastor to begin the sermon again, and for his wife to return from her bookkeeping and stand with him. 

Soon, it would be over. 

But they could stay like this. At least for a while.