 Andrea was beautiful. She'd always been beautiful. But standing in the doorway, welcoming me, I was overcome.

Her body was one long perfect wave, curves everywhere they should be, drawing your eyes to follow them. Her green eyes were dark, and her slightly curly hair could only be described as scarlet.

She was barefoot, wearing a cute, frayed denim miniskirt and tank top.

I felt slightly too dressy in my grey silk blouse and black wrap skirt and heels.

"I've fucking missed you!" She smiled and wrapped me in her arms.

"And I've missed you too! I'm so sorry I haven't been able to visit in a while!" hugging her back tightly. My dark hair and olive skin against her red and glowingly tan coloring was, well, it was just nice. As it always had been.

She pulled me in to her home. 

"Jeez, Shannon, I think the last time we went this long without seeing each other was, what, right after college? When you took that job in California, making 5 bucks an hour?"

"Oh god what a mistake THAT was!" I loved the way her mouth moved when she laughed, as she did now. I heard my own voice, relaxed and happy, saying "'Oh, yes, Shannon, we definitely promote from within, just pay your dues and...' 'Oh thank you sir for all your bullshit'." Laughing with Andrea closed the gap of time since I'd last seen her, and I felt myself relax. 

"All I'm saying is that in 22 years, I've come to expect you around."

We smiled at each other.

I met Andrea the first day of college. We were roommates and immediately best friends. That's common enough, but in less than a month we became lovers. Neither one of us had ever been with another girl, and neither one of us understood how or why it happened, but for six glorious months it was bliss.

For me, at least.

Ultimately, Andi was straight and, as it turns out, I was a lesbian. We never really talked about it. It had come and gone and we both cherished the memory, and that was all there was about that.

After school, I'd gone to California for a few years, and Andi married Jason. I'd been her Maid Of Honor. 

And in the blink of an eye, it seemed, there was Delilah.

Just like now.

"Auntie Shannon!!" was the only thing I heard before 140 lbs of 19-year-old-girl was hanging around my neck.

"Oof!! Del! How ya been girliegirl???" I hugged her hard.

"Oh, doing all the stuff Mommy says not to."

"You know I hate the 'auntie' thing," I commented.

"But its tradition! I thought you old-timers liked tradition!"

"Oh, you bitch!" I swatted her ass playfully. It was rounder, more supple, than when I last saw her. Her whole body had grown up while I'd been absent. I remembered her babyfat giving way to 14 year old waifishness. Now she'd gone the other direction, but with a woman's curves. She was definitely her mother's daughter. Almost exactly like her at that age.

"OK, I'm heading out for pizza with Samantha and Mel. I'll be back later!" She kissed my cheek, squeezed my hand, and went off to meet her friends.

Andi's smile was quiet as she watched Del leave the room. "I love having her home when she's on break. But she does seem to like trying to see how far she can push me."

"Well, she was so well behaved in high school, you had to expect that, sooner or later, she'd be trouble."

"Just like her Aunt?"

"Just like her Mom."

Jason had died when Del was 4. Andi had never really recovered her life after that. Her life became raising Delilah. The occasional man passed through, but she simply didn't seem to care. Her daughter was the center of her universe. And she'd done a good job. I realized that Del was now the age her mother and I had been when we met. My cheeks felt hot and I was surprised that I was blushing.

We sat at the table talking and having coffee for an hour. 

Coffee turned to wine. 

Del burst back into the house, changed into what was obviously club clothes, and dashed out with a peck on each of our cheeks, telling us not to wait up. Andrea laughed and shrugged a "what can you do?"

"Let's go with her, Andi!"

We both laughed.

But it HAD been a long time since I went out.

Wine turned to gin.

The kitchen table became the living room couch.

"Andi, you've raised a really good girl. Delilah is amazing. But now she's at college. What are you doing with yourself?"

"Oh, you know, I work, exercise, learning the piano, I keep busy."

"Yeah, but is 'busy' enough? Isn't it time you thought about yourself and your life a bit?"

"Just ask. No, I'm not dating. Who could I possibly find? I'm 42, with a daughter. Not the most attractive package for most guys."

"No, you are 42, professional, with a daughter out of the house. Oh, and you still have the same body you did when you were on the swim team."

I hadn't intended it to sound like a flirt, and if Andi noticed how my eyes flashed along her legs, barely hidden by her denim mini, well, she didn't say anything.

There was a long silence.

"Andi, whats..."

"I don't even know what dating means I don't know what sex is anymore I don't know what fucking KISSING is anymore!!"

Angry or sad? Andi was confusing like that. I honestly didn't know.

"Andi, how long..."

"10 years."

She started sobbing and I pulled her to me, just holding her and letting all those emotions out.

"Shan, I wouldn't change a...but I'm so alone now."

"I know, sweetie, I know."

We sat like that for a while, me holding her, her holding me. Her hair smelled of lilacs, and I felt my body fit easily to hers, a deep, physical memory.

"When we were, you know, together? Why did we break up?"

"Honestly, because I was gay and you just weren't. I just sort knew I was going to be left, eventually."

"But, you--neither one of us had ever, you know, and so how did you know I wasn't gay too?"

"One night, in bed, when we were having sex, when you were cumming..."

Andrea blushed.

"I looked up into your eyes and I just knew. This was, I was, just a passing thing. And it wasn't for me. It just wasn't." I didn't tell her how my heart broke in that moment, those decades ago.

Her head was against my chest still and suddenly I was very aware of a lock of her hair tickling under my top. I buried my face in her hair, letting the flowery scent fill my nose, becoming more and more aware of how much I'd missed her.

And even more aware of how her hand had slipped to the small of my back.

"What do you see in my eyes now, Shannon," she whispered, looking up at me.

"Andrea, this isn't..."

But her other hand was on the back of my head pulling me into a kiss. A kiss I had been wanting for so very long. 

I couldn't believe how wonderful she tasted, mixed with wine and gin, the tingling of alcohol mixing with lust and hunger. 

Andi eagerly lead me to her bed, I was too caught up to think straight, to resist..

On the softness of her bed, I lay beside her, my thigh slipped between hers, pressing up against the dampness growing in her panties, her skirt shoved up, and our mouths finding familiar and new ways to meet. Herhips began to move against me, her dampness and heat grinding down onto my bare leg.

I wanted to spend hours exploring her body, wanted to make up for decades apart, but her need and mine were too deep.

I reached under her skirt, yanked her panties down.

I held for a moment, breathing in her scent, more intoxicating than the drinks we'd shared. 

She whimpered.

"Please...oh god, Shannon...please!"

Pure need.

I whimpered.

Hunger.

My tongue-tip flickered across her cunt, her body spasmed, another flick, and her hips shifted toward me, deliberately, and my mouth covered her. I showed no subtlety, barely any skill, just assaulted her cunt, driving her body with my tongue and lips. My fingers slipped inside her, slick and easy, thrusting as my tongue twirled over her clit, soon held in my lips.

Andi's body was nothing but sweat and a constant writhing, but it had been so very long for her, so long her body couldn't cum for me. My mouth covered her completely, wet heat on wet heat. Her fingers pulled at the sheets and I heard her start to cry, as she felt orgasm slipping from her, cries of frustration and need. Need I shared.

I slipped a slick finger from her pussy and, with surprising ease, into her anus.

And she was there, a gasp, almost a scream of surprise and her entire body became an earthquake, her thighs crushed my head and I willing let myself drown in her release, loved how she completely covered my face, loved how she couldn't stop, loved how her cries of loss turned into sobs of joy, of overwhelming sensation.

When, at last she stopped, she was shivering, coated in sweat. I moved up to her, moved in to kiss her, and there I saw it. The same look I saw years before.

My heart broke.

She was asleep in minutes. Alcohol, a powerful orgasm, she'd be asleep until noon.

On the sofa, still fully dressed, I had another drink. I had expected her to be my college lover, but to love me back, this time. I expected to go back in time and do it right.

As if I had done anything wrong. As if she had done anything wrong.

I hadn't spent a lifetime pining for her. I hadn't held an unrequited love for her.

Not that I knew of, at least.

I wandered the house, looking at knick-knacks, little memories she kept about. Maybe we really do never get over our first loves. Or maybe I just never wanted to get over her. I wasn't in love with her all these years. I loved her, yes. Maybe I was in love with her now, again. But she was simply not in love with me and never would be.

I sighed as I watched the time turn to midnight. The same thoughts went round and round in my head. It was useless. 

My last relationship had been a disaster. She was beautiful and funny but boring. Not just in bed, but in life. I wanted to go out, to go dancing, sometimes even clubbing like Delilah was even now. She wanted to watch TV.

As problems go, that should have been an almost easy breakup. But we let it go on too long. Were too desperate to find someone before the invisible clock in our imaginations ran out. Let resentments build until we had little choice but to be vindictive bitches to each other.

But those last two weeks, well, the sex was amazing. Not worth it, mind you, but amazing.

I found myself in Delilah's bedroom. What I would have given to be her age again. To be out with her now, dancing and laughing and wearing the panties my hands were playing through, silky and shamelesslysexy, and these white stockings that would look so beautiful on her legs just like the fishnet tights she pulled on before heading out and everything in this drawer is me including the hidden acrylic toy that would slip so easily inside her late at night face buried in the pillow to not wake Mom but god it feels so good never wanting to stop ass in the air fucking back against the toy being pushed inside again and again crashing down at last yes thats all hunger and need and me...

What was I doing? I hadn't realized. But there I was with a bottle in one hand and the other in her underwear drawer. I hadn't needed to see the toy to know what it was. And I imagined I could still feel some of her on it.

I stepped back, not so much horrified, which I probably should have been, but closer to frustrated. Maybe I did need a younger girlfriend. Someone more fun. I laughed quietly and dismissed the entire interlude to a mix of booze blahs, and plain old horniness.

There'd only been one orgasm, and it hadn't been mine.

I didn't realize that I was running fingers along my lips. Fingers which had recently touched acrylic.

It was a little after 2am when Delilah got home, all sweaty and glowing and smiling.

"Shan! You big sexy dyke!" She bounced into my lap, and I hugged her, laughing with her. It was nice, really nice. We'd stayed in touch through my absence in email and the phone and it made me happy that it translated into the real world. That's not always the case.

"How ya doing, partytramp?" 

"How do you think I'm doing?"

"See, I knew I should have gone with you instead!"

"You should have, definitely! You'd dig Suzysuze and she digs girls A LOT! Trust me, I know!"

"Ah, does someone's friend like to touch a little more than the others?"

"Yeah, sometimes, she's fun though and I can't say it isn't a little hot. Plus, DAMN the girl can kiss!"

That sent a shiver through me. A slightly confusing but delicious shiver.

"Say what you want about us lesbians, but we know how to kiss girls."

"My god, that's the truth! Its so damn...whats the word...deliberate. And you feel it right down to your toes. Can you teach the boys to do that?"

"Nope, my school takes no boys, sorry."

We laughed.

"Babygirl, you are so damn like your mother, right then, you looked exactly like her in college. Here, look at this."

I fished a picture from my bag and passed it to her.

"Please ignore the fashion faux-pas, it was, after all, over 20 years ago. Though we still liked fishnets like these then too." I playfully pulled at a strand just above her knee and left my hand there.

"Wow...no, you were right, Mom's definitely pretty, but here she's a babe!!"

"Tell me about it, the guys were all over her."

"Don't tell me she was a tramp!"

She laughed and nuzzled into me a little bit, it was getting to be very close.

"No, not at all. Your Mom is many things, but promiscuous she was not."

I could smell her sweat, feel her breathing, feel the heat under the fishnet. I didn't know I was kissing her until she pulled back, tried to struggle out of my arms, to no avail.

"Shannon! Did I...did you...you shouldn't do that."

But suddenly I didn't care.

"Del, your friend doesn't even know how to kiss."

My hand on the back of her head pulled her back to me, to my kiss.

She struggled briefly, but in a moment or two, I heard and felt her whimper and begin to kiss back.

She parted her thighs just a little, my hand moved up slightly, she twitched, quivered, and closed her thighs, but kept my hand there.

"Shan, how did you, that was, please kiss me again."

So I did, even more deeply, my fingers tangled in her hair. I could almost hear her heart racing. I could hear my own.

Suddenly I yanked her hair, snapping her head back to expose her neck to my lips, my teeth. 

She was sighing with each contact, and her skin tasted of alcohol and sweat and youth. I trailed kisses from her neck, up behind her ear, and back down, while her hands played in my hair and nails on the back of my neck.

I found her collar bone to be sensitive to my tiny bites, to the fluttering touch of my tongue tip. 

She softly whispered my name as we rolled lazily to the floor.

She pulled my lips back up to hers and kissed me fiercely, tounge lashing at mine, filled with need. I slowly unzipped her top, letting her hear each tooth as it opened, and the front of her bra opened easily to my fingers.

My fingertips drew on her breasts, my fingernails traced lightly, until I reached her already hardened nipple. My fingertip ran along the edge of the hardened bud, finally giving a gentle pinch that increased the intensity of her kiss even more and moved her hands down to my thigh and ass. Her nails dug in through my skirt, my hips shifted.

I growled and my hands moved suddenly under her skirt, and my fingernails, so perfectly manicured, tore open the crotch of her fishnets.

My little girl wasn't wearing panties.

And I loved her for it.

I laughed softly, "Tramp."

"Prude," she replied, suddenly yanking my panties down under my skirt.

And with a tiny shifting of legs and hips and hands, I was above her, my fingers entwined with hers, my cunt against the mesh encasing her thigh, her's against my bare skin.

A tiny 'oh!' escaped her lips.

I began to move against her, and she moved back.

Our bodies exchanged their heat, their hunger. Our skin consumed it.

I wanted to do so much to her, but I needed to see her, like this, the first time.

'Please let this be the first time' I begged in my mind.

She began to moan, and moved her thigh, finding exactly the right place, causing me to arch my back with overwhelming sensation.

I lowered my mouth back to hers and our kiss mirrored out movements.

Breathing became difficult, and our mouths parted.

Our eyes locked.

"Shan, I didn't know...I didn't know...it was like this...why did you wait...Shan..."

She was so close, so very close.

"My Delilah, so beautiful like this, just like your mother," I panted

"What? You...her..."

'Oh no, oh no' I almost panicked, but nothing was going to top me.

"You with...Mommy?"

And that sent her over the edge, the slow, fluid dance turned to her body spasming against mine, trying for more and more contact, clumsy in the most beautiful way and I could feel her lust running onto my thigh and my own orgasm flooded over her and she's holding onto me so tightly and can't control herself as her earthquake wracks through her and through me and I keep driving at her, coaxing her higher and higher, bringing her the orgasm she didn't even know her body could give, didn't even know existed. 

We were both crying at the end.

After a long time, barely breathing, I looked down at her, and she up at me.

There, in her eyes, I saw what I'd been longing to see all those years ago.