 Allison Springs knew, of course, that she was a stunner, a looker, a hottie, a cutie. And yet none of those words actually fully described the beauty and sex appeal of the 22-year-old blonde social worker. She was more. Much more.

At 5 feet 10 inches and 125 pounds, her 34DD – 21 – 34 figure was topped by a face that was that of an angel. She was a glorious, natural blonde and was everyone's definition of a sexy dream. Men and women alike.

But Allison knew there was no place in her life for males. And, no place for assertive females. Her life consisted of being waited on and pleasured by an assortment of very submissive females, those who lived to service superior blondes. And her looks made it very easy to capture those who wanted to worship what she had between her legs. And Allison loved letting them worship it, to show their low position in life and to honor that which was truly superior.

But she was growing bored lately. The five lovers that she had, all aged between 19 and 45 just were not providing the spice she really needed. She needed, desperately needed, some new diversion, some new kinky thrill.

And then one afternoon it simply arrived. She received an email from one of her subbies telling her about a new club that had formed; it was a group of older ladies called "The Lezzy Grannies." From the moment Allison saw those words, she felt a spasming in her cunt. The very thought of a granny eating her pussy turned her on from the moment she thought of it.

She quickly emailed back to find out how and when the group met and the details were soon back to her. It turned out that young women such as Allison were very welcome at the group's gatherings and the next meeting was later that evening.

Allison determined to skip another appointment she had and go to the meeting of this group of salacious seniors who were seemingly out for sex. She wore one of her most dazzling evening dresses, cut short to showcase her fabulous tanned legs and scooped at the blouse to highlight her fantastic breasts.

The meeting was being held quite openly at a local convention center. Allison was surprised that it would be so open, but she entered the building and began to look for the sign indicating where the meeting would be. She finally found it and it said "TLG Meeting Tonight". So, it wasn't quite as open as she had been led to believe. 

Her entrance through the door leading to the meeting can only be described as grand. As she swept into the room, the senior ladies – there were about 20 of them in the room --turned as if one and more than a few jaws dropped. Allison was certainly one of the most beautiful women who had ever graced their meetings. 

Almost immediately, a few of the aging seniors gathered around young Allison – she towered over them – and they began to chatter like magpies. Allison actually paid little attention as she had decided on her way to the meeting to look for a certain type of granny and if she didn't find that type, to simply leave and head for the nearest dyke bar, where she had no doubt she could have her pussy serviced quickly.

But, as Allison's luck usually ran her way, she quickly found the type of senior woman she was looking for. This particular senior was in great shape, about 5 feet 5 inches with a slender build and a face that was either well preserved or had benefited greatly from a face lift. With a wave of her hand, Allison shooed away the magpies fluttering around her and headed directly to the silver haired victim she had seen from across the room.

Allison quickly arrived in front of her and extended her hand. The senior lady extended hers in return and introductions were quickly exchanged. The woman, as it turned out was named Mary Adams, was 65 years old and had six children and 12 grandchildren. All girls as luck would have it. Allison's mind turned over that phrase about "like mother, like daughter" and knew that some of that must be in there. But those lewd thoughts could wait until later. For now, the challenge was to see how quickly she could get this woman to be eating her snatch. Allison had challenged herself to make it no more than one hour from the time she first saw her until she felt the seniors' lips on her pussy. She thought that she had better get going on the seduction so she continued talking to Mary while slowly pulling her already short dress further up her fantastic legs. 

Mary could not get enough of the blonde young woman's legs and she noticed that many of the other seniors around her were also ogling the woman's body. Mary very quickly realized that she was going to be serving this beauty and she might as well go along with anything asked of her or one of the other older crones around her would gladly trade places and become this young vixen's fuck toy.

Once her short dress was suitably close to her completely unencased cunt, Allison told Mary to let her have her hand. Mary complied and soon found her hand traveling toward the beauty's most cherished treasure. Once it was close enough so that Mary could feel the heat emanating from it, Allison stopped guiding her and let go of her hand. Mary did not move to withdraw the hand, however.

Without missing a beat, Allison switched from talking to Mary about her grandchildren to a subject Allison was much more interested in – getting finger fucked by the senior lady.

"Go ahead and stick out your middle finger, I want it inside me, you'll find I'm nice and wet so go ahead and finger fuck me. Oh yes, that's nice, your finger will do just perfectly, but stick two in just for fun."

Mary again complied and Allison realized the senior citizen was actually a very, very submissive slut. She was finger fucking Allison in front of all of her friends in a very public place. Allison heard the squishing sounds as Mary's delicate finger violated her nether hole. And both of them loved it. Allison was looking into Mary's eyes as the older woman gently finger fucked her and then inserted another finger

And then, so everyone can hear, she told Mary to make it harder. And, from looking in Mary's eyes, she knew the other woman needed the verbal humiliation Allison was all too willing to provide.

"Go ahead slut, finger fuck me harder, really give it to that pussy."

Allison loved it, loved hearing the nasty words and knowing that everyone in the small room had full knowledge that one of their granny lezzies was finger fucking the cunt hole of a truly dazzling woman.

But time was starting to run and Allison knew that she had to have this older woman's lovely lips plastered to her sex – and soon. There was also the matter of the 60-minute deadline she had given herself and they were already at 38 minutes, leaving not much time to make an exit and get the woman's face in her crotch. Quickly, she gave Mary further direction and commands, being careful to say it loud enough so others in the room, who were already enraptured by the finger fucking that was going on, could easily hear her.

"Ok slut, now take your fucking fingers out of my twat and clean them up, then we are going to leave and you are going to service me in your car." 

Mary withdrew her fingers with a squelching sound and rapidly brought them to her mouth. Just before she inserted them she smelled the lovely musk from Allison's juices and then she was tasting them. Mary was as turned on as she had ever been at the very public display of wantonness. She knew that she was violating the club's rules – although it was a lezzie group, it was discreet – but she had been anything but discreet in finger fucking the gorgeous blonde in front of her fellow club members.

Mary had come to lesbianism late in life, she hadn't tasted her first pussy until she was 60 years old, but now she truly worshipped pussy and wished she had learned to love it at a much earlier time in her life, a life she now viewed as pathetic and a waste of time. Though she was new to pussy worship, she was sure she wanted to worship Allison's puffy pussy. And Allison was going to make sure she had the chance.

Once outside Allison said to the older woman, "let's get to your car pronto, I've got something you want and that something wants your face glued to it."

Mary walked even faster than she had been, goaded on by the vulgar suggestion Allison had made about the younger woman's twat capturing Mary's face and knowing that she was in complete agreement with the salacious concept expressed by Allison.

Once at Mary's car, Allison told Mary to get in the back seat of the Cadillac on the driver's side. Allison stood outside with the passenger door open and proceeded to do a mild strip tease, as much to turn herself on as the older lady. Soon, she was standing naked in plain view of Mary, naked with the exception of her high heels. Mary was awestruck by the nude beauty standing outside her car. Allison was standing with her hands behind her head and her legs spread, offering all of her considerable charms up for Mary's viewing pleasure.

"Like what you see slut?"

And, indeed, Mary did.

"Well, first I need to have you beg and then you can feast on this flesh."

Mary didn't hesitate to go along with what was far more than a request, Mary viewed it as a command from the blonde young woman.

"Please Allison, let me orally service you, oh hell, please let me eat your twat."

Allison was pleased with the continuing subservience and obedience Mary was displaying. Allison was pleased to have found a new slut. And she was becoming wetter and wetter; not only because of what a slut Mary appeared to be but also because of the thoughts of how she might add other members of Mary's family as her subbies as well. But that was far in the future, now was the time to focus on further training for Mary.

Allison climbed into the back seat of the big Cadillac, ending up with her legs spread and one high heel on the front seat and one on the rear. In that position, her completely bald twat was spread wide, her hole clearly and openly exposed to Mary's horny gaze. Allison had no trouble seeing the naked lust in the 65-year-old woman's eyes and it really amazed her as she had always thought that older people had no libido at all. Mary was testament to the silliness of that notion.

Allison was really turned on as well and as she looked deeply into the eyes of the older woman she could clearly see the wanton sex hunger gazing back at her. Allison's twat was openly leaking on the leather seat of the Cadillac, dripping her sweet sex juices onto the expensive leather. Allison was additionally turned on by the prospect of a woman who was three times her age worshipping her pussy. Allison couldn't resist the temptation to domme the drooling senior.

"Ok you old bag, worship your better, show us which one of us is superior and which one is inferior."

With her tongue close to Allison's twat, Mary was about to do just that, as Mary knew there would be no reciprocation, that this would be a strictly one-sided affair. Mary knew she would be the pussy worshipper and that Allison was to be worshipped. As Allison reached out her right hand to guide Mary's face to its landing pad, she also glanced at the Rolex watch on her left wrist and noted that she still had about eight minutes to meet her 60-minute goal. But not by much. So Allison moved her right hand more quickly than she might have under other circumstances and brought Mary's head to her crotch.

"There now Mary, you are just where you want to be, eating my pussy. This is so fucking sexy, a grandmother eating my twat, a woman three times my age dining on my pussy, gawd I love it."

And Mary's tongue made the electric contact with Allison's glorious pussy, a lovely feeling that Allison cherished. The feel of a subbie's tongue on her pussy was always most thrilling the first time it happened. Allison knew that it was because of the nasty way she felt about sex, having another supplicant at her altar of a pussy was always best on initial contact, even if the pussy worshipper got more skilled as time went along. Allison just loved sex nasty and she had realized years earlier that it had to be nasty for her to enjoy it. So whether it was a woman worshipping her shit hole or a grandma dining on her pussy, there had to be a kink in it for Allison to really get off.

After the initial contact, Allison continued to grind her cunt into my Mary's face as the attractive grandmother continued to lick and suck on her clit. Mary's tongue traveled up and down Allison's bare-shaven labia, driving the young domme closer to her climax. Mary then found Allison's vagina and stabbed her tongue in as Allison not too gently moved her hand to the back of Mary's head and ground the grandmother's face further and further into her cunt. Mary realized that she was having trouble breathing, that she was being suffocated with Allison's pussy, and that Allison was doing it intentionally to stop Mary from getting any air. Mary tried to pull her head back when all of a sudden Allison quivered, exploding into a climax. Her moans filled the air in the back seat of the plush Cadillac. Allison backed off slightly so Mary could breathe. But her relaxation didn't last for long.

"Lick my pussy again, baby. Don't stop now. That feels so fucking good. I love the way you lick me," Allison taunted Mary as she came down from her massive climax. "That's it, lick me clean. Pretend that it's your pussy being licked"

Mary licked all of Allison's juices, cleaning her thoroughly. Mary's pussy ached with desire. Her neglected clit was throbbing. Allison was not done and had no intention of reciprocating for Mary. Allison wanted another climax.

"You know what to do Mary. GET BUSY." 

Mary ran her tongue up and down the length of Allison's pussy again, paying special attention to her clit. Allison forced her cunt into the older woman's face again, but gave Mary room to probe deeper with her tongue.

"Gawd, I love what your tongue is doing to me. That tongue of yours is absolutely awesome, that's it, flick my clit with the broad swab of your tongue, get it in there, get my juices, eat me!!!" .

Mary was aroused as well, very aroused and she continued to eat the younger woman's pussy as if it were her last meal. Mary continued, driving her tongue deeper into Allison's fuck hole. Mary's own pussy was quivering and leaking into her panties, some of her juices were starting to run down her leg. 

Suddenly, Allison grabbed Mary's head and ground her twat onto the grandmother's face Mary's tongue continued to snake in and out of Allison's hole. As Mary's nose was being forced onto Allison's clit, Allison began another climax, this one stronger than the first; she loved getting off on the grandmother's tongue, mouth, lips and nose. And then it is on Allison; she was cumming again, loving how this older lady had brought her two quick and terrific cums so close together. For the moment, she was sated, her hunger satisfied.

Allison, though, could see that Mary had worked herself up and she figured she ought to let Mary have some relief.

"Ok you little slut bitch, if you want, I'll let you hump yourself on my leg, but that's as much as I'll ever do for you."

Mary scrambled to take advantage of Allison's offer and without even removing her panties began to frantically hump Allison's gorgeous leg, grinding her sopping panties into the luscious flesh of the young woman whom she had so heartily served. Once the grandmother quaked to a cum, she looked up at Allison like a little puppy, with adoring eyes.

Allison's eyes, in turn, were cold and uncaring, not giving a shit about the cunt licker in front of her, only about her own sexual needs. And her plans for involving Mary's family in satisfying those drives.

For now, she would let Mary down slowly and gently.

"Ok grandma, now let's talk about how you can continue to service me."

But what she really meant was how Mary's family could be turned into a flock of cuntlickers and asshole worshippers for her own pleasure.