 DAY THREE: THE COMING OUT BARBECUE.

After spending two days and two nights with Melina over the Anzac long weekend, things take a dramatic step forward for Lindsay when Melina manages to secure a meeting with the head of a design company but in the midst of this excitement Lindsay is still holding back. Is she or isn't she? Where is all this leading and should she embrace a possible future with Melina or treat this as just another affair?

Lindsay opened her eyes as the tap, tap, tapping sound continued. Beside her, Melina stirred and she rolled over to look at her. She was lying on her side with one arm under the pillow and the other stretched out and Lindsay felt a surge of tenderness. She looked so helpless just lying there and she reached over and gently pushed a stray lock of hair out of her eyes. Melina moved slightly and murmured something inaudible, her fingers twitched a little and Lindsay smiled.

She sleeps, in my bed.

The tapping started again and this time Lindsay made the connection between it and the noise that had woken her earlier, it was coming from the window above her head. At first she thought it might be a bird, but it was too loud and deep. Melina stirred and opened her eyes.

"Who the fuck is that?" Lindsay sat up in bed and turning around, pulled back the curtain just enough to show her face but not her naked body and looked down at Lisa's face. The woman was standing just below the window with her head about the height of the windowsill. She was wearing a white shirt and blue jeans, she smiled and waved.

Lindsay returned the smile and letting her side of the curtain drop to expose her naked body, pointed to the front door and closed the curtain but before she closed it, Lisa did get a good look at a part of her she'd never seen.

"It's Lisa, she's here early," she edged off the bed and reached for her panties on the floor, "she was supposed to be here tonight not now."

"Do you want me to stay in here?" Melina propped on her elbows and followed her passage around the end of the bed to the washing basket.

"What for?" Lindsay raised an eyebrow, "you're my guest, not my prisoner. Just don't wander through in the nude after what I told you about her yesterday."

"Of course not," she looked down at her form beneath the duvet.

Lisa was a mere six months younger than Lindsay. Raised a Seventh Day Adventist, she'd attended the Adventist college in Warburton but the moment she ditched her school uniform she cast aside a raft of conservative ideas and went in the opposite direction. It had caused problems with her family for years and she almost seemed to delight in pushing the boundaries just for the hell of it.

Yet despite her wild child persona, Lindsay genuinely liked her. It didn't matter if you weren't feeling very sociable when she came around, Lisa would just go with the flow and carry on. In that way she fit the bill of a true friend, you could not contact her for months on end and she'd still greet you with a hug and a smile the next time she saw you.

Her hug felt both reassuring and strange, although she put that down to Lisa's admission the day before and her own intimate encounter with Melina. 

What do I tell her?

"So you don't mind hugging a lesbian," Lisa released her, "I knew there was something I liked about you."

"I'm not homophobic," she stepped aside as Lisa entered.

"I feel like I've been released," she followed her into the kitchen, "this is the longest I've been with anyone."

"So, what brought all this on?" Lindsay asked a moment or two later.

"Circumstance," she replied, "I met her in a pub one night, I'd gone to meet this guy but after two beers we had a big fight and he threw a beer in my face. Roxy was an off duty cop who got me a towel and cleaned me up. We got talking about it and me, I thought she was just doing her job but the next day she sent me a text, inviting me to come out for lunch. She came out over lunch, which surprised me because I didn't think she was that way inclined and just flat out asked me to go for dinner the following day."

"Okay," Lindsay flicked the switch on the kettle.

"I just went for a laugh to be honest, the kind of thing to put on your bucket list but then we started talking and it was like someone was inside my head. This woman had not just lived the same lifestyle as me, she even thought the same way as me, it was like meeting my long lost twin if you know what I mean, which is odd because she's eight years older than me."

"So what happened?"

"Nothing that night," she shrugged, "I went home, but for me it was the first time I went home after a date without having sex. I laid awake half the night, thinking. When I woke up the next morning there was a text from Roxy saying, had a great night, hope to see you again soon."

"Uh huh," Lindsay took out some cups.

"I saw her that night, we went out for a few drinks, went back to her house and because I'd had a few too many she refused to let me drive. I thought what the fuck, maybe she just wants sex, so," she smiled, "we went to bed."

"And had sex."

"No," Lisa held out her palm, "that was the fucking weird bit. I was in her bed and yeah, I knew she liked me but I wasn't sure how she liked me but we actually fell asleep and slept together. It was the first time in my life I'd gotten into bed with someone who liked me and not had sex."

"That's different."

"Tell me about it," she leaned against the bench, "nothing like that had ever happened to me and when I asked her about it a couple of days later, she told me there were other ways to please her than just spreading my legs," she paused for a moment.

"We saw each other a few more times that week and I told her things about me I'd never told anyone," she turned as she heard noises in the bedroom.

"We had sex for the first time after over a week of seeing each other and it was like nothing I've ever known, it was like actually making love instead of just fucking."

"Wow," Lindsay replied, "that's really quite romantic, I'm happy for you," she turned as she heard Melina coming out of the bedroom, "but does your family know?"

"They do and while they disagree because of their beliefs, they can see it's put the brakes on my drug and alcohol intake, I've even given up the dope."

"Fuck me," Lindsay shook her head, "that's a bloody miracle."

"Too right," she ran a hand through her hair as Melina entered the bathroom.

"Who's here?"

"My friend, Melina," she glanced over, "I met this model from Germany and stayed in her hotel room in the city, she stayed here last night."

"Okay," Lisa stared at her, "so, you're just friends, right?"

Lindsay wanted to say yes but knew it was now impossible, Lisa's candid snapshot had touched her, the other woman actually looked more relaxed. Every time Lisa came around to see her, she always brought a bit of dope and more often than not, she'd wind up sharing a bong or a joint with her. It was another reason she'd been relieved when Lisa moved to Sydney. Lindsay could take dope or leave it but the fact that Lisa seemed to gravitate towards her, meant she was spending a lot more time with Lindsay than her other friends. Subsequently, Lindsay's marijuana intake increased over the space of a few months to the point that when Lisa finally went to Sydney, Lindsay actually bought a couple of grams from one of Lisa's friends. However, it wasn't the same without Lisa and so she didn't score again.

But seeing her clean and sober, dressed sensibly and talking openly drew it out of her, the chance encounter with a model, her agreement to show her around Melbourne for a day, the dinner that night, sex in the hotel room and by the time Melina came through to the kitchen, she'd just told her about the visit to the Sanctuary.

"Hiya," Melina smiled at her, "I am Melina."

"Lisa," she replied, "so, you two are a couple?"

"We are friends," Melina leaned against the sink and squeezed Lindsay's shoulder, "but who knows what will happen? It is early days."

"That's exactly what Roxy said to me," Lisa smiled.

They heard a lot about Detective Roxanne Cumming over the next two hours. It almost seemed too good to be true, the older woman living in her own house, taking in a sex-obsessed straight woman and forming a permanent relationship. Roxy definitely sounded like a stabilising influence on the younger woman, similar in some respects to her situation but with one major difference. Lisa had been able to move in with Roxy and even if that hadn't occurred they still lived in the same city, but in a couple of days Melina would be winging her way back to London and she'd be stuck here with a memory and at best, a long distance relationship.

She hated to admit it, but she felt a twinge of envy that someone who'd blown more chances with guys should just wind up falling on her feet while she was stuck in a house that was unaffordable if she couldn't find a housemate.

There's no way I could afford to fly to London, not on my budget.

She held a dress in front of her for Melina to see and the older woman frowned and shook her head, Lindsay sighed and turned back to the wardrobe.

"The longest she ever went with a guy for was three weeks and I'm subtracting two weeks because he took her to Europe with him, so it's not like she could make a clean getaway."

Melina stepped over to the wardrobe and took down a white, three-quarter length skirt made of cotton, it had flower cut outs halfway down it. She put it back and took down a denim skirt with a fly front and Lindsay shook her head.

"Mind you, she's on a good wicket with her, she could never have afforded a deposit with her wage packet, she was like me, an eternal renter."

Melina selected a peach-coloured three-quarter length pleated skirt and held it against her.

"This will look good with this top," she picked out a white top with a lace detail over the shoulders and the neckline, it had a single button at the back.

"You think?"

"I know," she draped the clothes over her arm, "trust me, fashion is my life."

She retreated to the bed as Lindsay started to change.

"Tell me, where do you see this going?" Lindsay pulled her top over her head, "I know it's been two days, so it's early days but in a couple of days you'll be flying out and I'll be here, stuck in this shithole joint trying to find someone to rent the other room or it's back to mum's place."

She fastened the button.

"It is not such a bad house," Melina propped on her elbow and looked down at her phone, "but would it be so bad moving back to your mum's place?"

"No, it would certainly cut my costs drastically and I could even put up pictures. Would you believe that the old bastard I rent this joint off won't let me hang a picture?"

"Why not?"

"He calls this his retirement portfolio, he's got two other houses he rents out in the area and if I bang a nail into the wall I'm putting a hole in his portfolio," she undid her jeans and pulled them over her hips.

"Funny, I don't recall seeing investment portfolio on the rental agreement I signed."

Melina's phone rang at that moment and she smiled as she picked it up.

"Thank God, finally, excuse me. I have to take this call," she swiped the screen and getting to her feet, walked to the door, "Andre, thank you for calling me back so soon."

The rest of the conversation was lost as Lindsay donned the skirt. She examined her reflection in the mirror with a critical eye. Normally she wore casual clothes to a family barbecue, this was a little dressy. The skirt did flare out as she turned, it was perfect for a candlelit dinner and she managed a smile as she recalled the last time she'd worn this.

Dinner with Jason, how appropriate!

She selected a necklace and two bracelets to go with the outfit and by the time Melina returned she was busy fastening her sandals.

"Okay," Melina sat on the bed and looked past her for a moment, "that was an interesting phone call. I called Andre while you were in the shower but I got his voice mail. I wasn't expecting him to call back today."

She patted the bed.

"Sit down, I have something to tell you and an offer to make to you."

"Okay," Lindsay sat on the bed.

"Andre runs a design company that is doing the new Myer catalogue, he has other contracts as well but this is the big one. I do not know if you would be working on that one because he has a team in place to do it but he is looking for an entry level desktop publisher. I have told him that you would be interested in applying and that you would be at the shoot tomorrow morning," she paused.

"I cannot say for sure he would hire you because it is not up to me and it is only a six month contract but the pay is two and a half times what you are earning now, maybe more. From what he told me you would be working thirty hours a week, maybe more depending on the workload and your competency?"

Lindsay looked past her for a moment.

"A job?"

"I would have said something when you got out of the shower but I wasn't expecting him to call back today and I didn't think he would even agree to see you, but perhaps I impressed him the other day over lunch. You could come back to the hotel with me tonight and go down to the shoot in the morning? I will be busy working but the agency has hired out the whole of one floor so you would get free food as well."

"Okay," she flicked at her hair, "so, I show him my work?"

"Precisely, it would be what they call a pre interview. He looks at your work and decides whether or not to formally interview you. After that of course there is the interview, he has to do it this way because there are other people he has to talk to first. It is not a promise but it is hope, yes?"

"Yeah," Lindsay straightened up, "that's," she swallowed, "no one's done that for me in a long time, this sounds good."

She fiddled with her necklace.

"Okay, I'll do that. So, what's this offer?"

"Ah," she touched her phone and swiped the screen, a few seconds later she tapped the Facebook icon and held it up.

"My status is single, but if you are truly interested in seeing more of me then I will switch it to it's complicated for three months and in that time I will not date or sleep with anyone else. I can do this because I am tired of giving myself to women who just take and do not give in return. And I am a generous woman, I love to give but because of my job, the money I earn and my social status I seem to attract the gold diggers. Sometimes they even manage to fool me, although not so much the last couple of years, but I am tired of these women."

She lowered the phone.

"You are different, and perhaps you have also fooled me but I am hoping not. You gave freely of your time and yesterday you spent money that could have been spent on something for yourself, just so I could see Australian animals. You said that Lisa had a good wicket. This means she is onto a good thing?"

"Yeah," Lindsay replied.

"I too think I am onto a good wicket with you but it is early days. You have a lot to think about over the next few months but if you decide you want to be with me then I will change my status to being in a relationship and we will work things out."

Lindsay shifted off the bed and walked to the window while Melina swivelled to keep her in sight, a few moments later the younger woman nodded.

"Look, even if we decided we just wanted to stay friends I'd still be on a good wicket, although right now," she smiled slyly, "you're looking hotter than hell."

"Thank you," she returned the smile, "you are pretty hot yourself."

Lindsay knelt on the bed and rocked back and forward slowly.

"But over the next three months I want regular contact with you. Email, chat, Skype, whatever, but I want to find out your favourite food, your first kiss," she kissed her gently, "your most embarrassing moment," she peeked down her blouse.

"I want to know as much about you as possible. Only then will I be comfortable making a decision about you."

"Deal," Melina put a hand against her cheek and kissed her passionately, "I want the same thing."

They kissed again but were interrupted by Lindsay's phone. She picked it up while Melina was kissing her neck.

"Hiya," she gently pushed Melina's mouth away, "it's my sister. Yeah, I'm just leaving in five minutes, be ready out the front?"

"Sure," her sister replied, "who are you with?"

"My girlfriend."

She hung up and kissed Melina again.

"I think I just outed myself, again."

"You are starting to make a habit of this," Melina stroked her face, "you're looking very pretty today," she ran a hand over her top.

"You're not so bad yourself," she tugged at her sleeveless white chiffon blouse, paired with a black leather skirt with a zip down the middle, "come on, let's get moving before we get naked again."

Emma was looking a little hot and bothered when they pulled into the driveway of her house in Woori Yallock. Emma was seven months pregnant and wearing a longish dress while Tony carried a brown wicker basket of food and wine.

"My God, woman, I can't wait to meet this hot fella, hiya, I'm Emma, and this is my partner, Tony."

"Melina," she smiled and stepped away from the door for Emma.

"Oh don't bother with that," Emma moved to the other side of the car and opened the back door, "I might be seven months but I'm not due yet. Get in Tony, your mouth is hitting your shoes."

She shut the door and Lindsay slid behind the wheel as the others got back in.

"So," Emma pulled the belt over her belly and grimaced, "help me with this belt, honey, it's too short," she looked at him and he leaned over and started adjusting the belt while Lindsay started the engine.

"This hot guy you met. What's his name? I want all the details."

Lindsay looked at Melina while Tony pulled the belt over her belly and clipped it in. A moment later she took Melina's hand and put it on her leg.

"It's not a guy, she's a woman. Her name is Melina and she's a model."

Tony stared at Melina's hand and then Emma. A moment later he moved back against the car door while his partner blinked and lowered her sunglasses. Emma leaned sideways and looked at Melina's arm. The German model glanced over her shoulder and smiled at her. Emma saw Lindsay's eyes in the rear view mirror and sank back against the seat for a moment.

"Huh," she murmured, "that was quick," she pushed against the headrest.

"Come on, get moving, we've just taken the wine out of the fridge but I want to know all the gory details. Leave nothing out. Oh and congratulations to you both."

By the time they got to their mother's house in Wonga Park the story had been told. Nevertheless, as Lindsay drove up the slight incline past a long row of small conifers she felt a slight queasiness when she saw several cars parked in front, one belonged to her mother's boyfriend, Ron, the others belonged to her mother's sister and brother.

"Talk about jumping in at the deep end."

"Tony, honey," Emma smiled sweetly. "Will you be a darling and get the things out of the boot and take Melina inside? Introduce her to the clan, I have to do the older sister thing."

Once they were alone, Emma edged herself along and perched on the edge of the seat, she looked down at her belly and winced.

"Easy, tiger," she murmured. 

"All right. I'm gonna go in there and get the others all outside, I'll make up some excuse. You come in with me but go to the bathroom and touch up your makeup. Once they're all gone, come out and tell mum. I don't know a bloody thing about coming out but that's up to you. I'll keep them all outside posing for pictures, yes that's it and all I can suggest is you just be honest. If this woman is the one you love then go in there and out yourself to mum, tell her how it is and don't hold back," she squeezed her shoulder.
