 This is the first time I have written something like this and I will be grateful for any feed back that I get, good or bad. So please enjoy and let me know what you think. 

*

The wait that I was feeling was more than I could tolerate. But I knew that when I could finally meet her that I would be happy. We have talked for the last few months on the phone and the on the internet. It had taken that long for us to get the courage to meet but I was more than willing to be patient. I did not want to pressure her into some thing that she was not comfortable doing, and I did not want to alienate what friendship that I had built with her. Oh before I forget I am 5'6" medium length brown hair. I have blue eyes and a nice body and I try to take care it of as much as possible. My breast size is 38C. Sorry now where was I, oh yes. When she finally arrived I did not know that someone was behind me.

"Sonia?" someone asked from behind me and scaring me.

"Is that you Angie?" I asked.

"It most certainly is." she replied.

I got up and gave her a hug as would all friends. She was absolutely gorgeous. She was almost a mirror image of me. Except that she had bright green eyes. God those eyes are something else.

"You know you scared me half to death. I was beginning to think that you were not going to come. You look great by the way."

"I am sorry for scaring you and thank you, you do too. Are you hungry cause I am famished?"

"I ate before I left. But if you are hungry I know of this great little diner near here if you want to grab a bite to eat."

"That would be great."

As we walked to the diner we just talked and listened to each other. When we got to the diner we sat down and Angie ordered something to eat and drink and all I got was something to drink.

"Sonia there is something that you need to know about me. I want to tell you so much but I am afraid of what you might think of me after you hear what I have to say. I don't want you to think badly of me ever, but I am afraid that if I tell you this that you may not want to be my friend."

The look in her eyes was that of pure fear. She looked like she was on the verge of tears. I knew that what she wanted to tell me was that of great importance to her. So I reached out took her hand in mine and gave it a gentle squeeze.

"It's ok. You can tell me anything. But if you are that worried then after you eat, or we can take it to go, we can go some where that you would feel more comfortable to discuss this then we can. But you don't have to tell me if your not ready. Just know that as your friend I am here for you." And with that she just broke down and started to cry. So I waved for the waiter to come over and asked for the meal to go and paid for everything.

"Did you walk here from your home or did you drive?"

"I walked."

"Do you want me to give you a ride home? My car is just around the corner. You can tell me what is upsetting you. But only if you want to."

"Yes. And thank you."

So we got in my car and I drove us back to her house. That way she would be more comfortable and more at ease also. We didn't really talk just her telling me where to make the required turns. When we got to her house I just stood there with my jaw on the ground.

"Wow Angie, your house is absolutely gorgeous."

She just blushed and didn't say anything. When we got to the door she invited me in and led me to the living room. She offered me a glass of red wine and I accepted. She then asked that I make myself at home. I saw a nice leather sofa and I had a seat with my back to one of the arm rests and she sat down at the other end. We sat in silence for awhile while she was figuring out the best way to start.

"It's ok, just take your time and tell me when you are ready. " The look on her face and in her eyes was more relaxed. All I could do is smile at her to encourage her with out words.

"Ok I think that I am ready. You should know that since before we met on the internet I was so lonely and depressed. I have been so happy when we started talking that I knew that I found a real friend. Then when we met this afternoon I knew that it was time to tell you something that I have not told anyone before." Now she was back to looking terrified but she continued on though she was not clear of what my reaction would be to what she was hiding from me. "I want you to know that I am gay." This information just floored me. But I knew that she was really scared and judging by the way that she was crying my face betrayed my reaction.

"Angie I am sorry if I hurt your feelings. I did not want to. That was not my intent and it never will be. Just know that we are friends and I would never mean to hurt you. But you just caught me off guard that is all. But I do have one question to ask you though but I don't want you to take it the wrong way."

"I'm sorry that I started to cry like that but I thought, and still do think, that you will ask me to never talk to you again. But that's not what you want to ask though is it?"

I actually giggled a little and she kind of smiled to my response. "No that was not what I wanted to ask. What I wanted to ask is if you like me for more than a friend?" Now I was the one that was scared.

"Honestly not until I met you at the park. When I saw that it was you I knew that I was feeling something more."

"Angie there is something that you should know about me as well. I have been in love with you for the past month. And when I saw how great you look I knew that I wanted you but I figured that you would not want me in return, so I just ignored my feelings for you and decided that we would be great friends. I never thought that you and I were alike."

"I guess that we both had a few things that we were hiding from each other." She joked.

"I guess so. So where should we go from here?" I replied 

"Would you mind if I kissed you?" asked Angie.

"I would like that."

We leaned in to each other and I rested my hand just behind her ear and brought her lips to meet mine. And when they met it was the most wonderful feeling that I had ever felt. Her lips were so soft and warm that I just lost myself to there feel. I felt her hand on the back of my neck and I did not mind. We were making this kiss last for as long as we could. When we pulled away I was wanting another kiss.

"Wow Sonia your lips are just so soft that it felt like I was melting."

"I know what you mean. Your lips are so soft that I lost myself in them. I never felt like this before and I hope that we are not rushing into something that we would later regret." I actually started crying. She sat closer to me and gave me a hug trying to soothe and comfort me. She was stroking the back of my head. I started to quiet down and compose myself and I just apologized.

"There is nothing to apologize for. You did nothing wrong. Would you like another glass of wine?"

"Yes please." with that she had gone back to what I guessed was the kitchen. She was only gone for a few minutes. When she returned both of our glasses were full. While she was gone I thought that I would try and steer the conversation away from the kiss. 

"I was wandering, why were you late getting to the park this afternoon?" I had asked her.

"I was scared. Well maybe not scared but nervous. I wasn't sure if I wanted to wait or if I should just go."

"What are you thinking now? Are you glad that you went and met me or are you regretting it?" I saw that she was thinking through her answer to find the best way to put her thoughts to words. But it was making me worried by how long it was taking her to respond. "You don't have to answer if you do not wish to. It will not hurt my feelings any." I guess that the way I was fiddling with my hands she saw that I was scared of what her answer would be.

"Don't get the wrong idea, I am very glad that I went. It's just that I did not think that I could stand it if you thought that I was not worth meeting again. I just could not bear to live my life alone any more. But it was for that exact reason that I did finally go to the park. I am so tired of living alone and not having any friends or not having some one that I could confide in when I was upset or just worried about things in general." Now I know why she was so scared when we were at the diner. The fear of losing a friend after she told me her secret and going back to being all alone would be enough to drive any one crazy.

"I am here for you and you don't have to worry any more. You have found your confidante and friend. I started to care about what happens to you when we first started talking."

We just kept talking. We were just happy to have something to do other than being scared or worried. It was about eleven when I finally left her house to go home. I had promised to call her when I got there so she would not worry. So when I got home fifteen minutes later I called her to let her know that I was home and that she could rest easy and that I was going to go to bed. I got a shower then dried off and went to bed.

When I awoke I thought about what happened and I did not know if I should call Angie or wait for her to call me. It was the most I have ever been scared in my life. Then the phone rang and I jumped. I ran down stairs to answer it before the machine picked up.

"Hello, this is Sonia Park speaking." I answered.

"Hi Sonia. This is Angie. How are you this morning? How do you feel?" she asked I could tell that she was nervous and I could not blame her. It was the same way I felt.

"Hey Angie. I am doing good. How about you?"

"I am scared to be honest. I was unsure if I should call you or wait to see if you called me. I hope that last night did not upset you or anything." Now I know that she was beyond scared. She was terrified. She must think that I have had a change of heart, and think that what we shared was a mistake. I know this because it was how I felt.

"Did it upset you?" I asked.

"No. I thought about it after you left. And after I got up. It was the most wonderful feeling that I had ever experienced." said Angie.

"I know what you mean. I was afraid that you might have had a change of heart and that you would not want to talk to me any more. I am glad that you called. I was hoping to see you again so that we could talk." I told her.

"That would be fine. Do you want to meet somewhere or do you want to pick me up and go somewhere?" She asked.

"I think that I would like to come over if that is ok with you. But if you would rather go out that would be fine with me too." I replied.

"No, no please you are more than welcome to drop by. What time should I expect you?"

"Lets say noon. I can bring some lunch for us."

"Sounds good. I will see you at noon then."

"See you at noon. Bye."

"Bye."

I left at eleven so I could stop at the diner and pick us up something for lunch and headed to Angie's house. I got to her house by eleven forty-five. I walked up to the front door and rang the bell. It took her a few minutes to answer but I did not mind. It gave me time to think things through if the topic of last night was brought up again, which I know it would. When she finally came to the door I almost dropped our lunch. She was wearing a long red dress that looked like it was made for her and no one else. It was bare back. It had spaghetti straps that crossed behind her neck and was designed so that it would raise her breasts without the need for a bra. In short she was absolutely gorgeous.

"Wow you look great. Were you about to go out? I can come back later if you want." I was scared again. I did not know what she was planning for the two of us.

"Well in a way I was. But not if you are going to look like that. Do you have dresses at home? If not I think that I have something that you can borrow." She offered.

"What?" It was the only thing that I could think to say. I just thought that we were going to eat lunch and just talk. But it seems that she could tell what I was thinking.

"I'm sorry. But after we got off the phone I thought about how nice it would be to just go out and have a little bit of fun and just relax. And sit down to talk about things and how we feel about what happened last night." she explained.

"I see. Well I do have dresses but none that looks as good as yours though. Would you have anything that would fit me?" I asked.

"I think that I do. So come in and lets find out shall we?"

So I followed her into the house and to her bedroom, which I think that she had the whole of the upstairs made into one room. Angie had it decorated with very ornate furniture. She had led me to the closet and told me to see if there was anything that caught my eye and try it on. They all were very nice but there was only one that I really wanted and I hoped that it would fit. It did and I was happy. It was very elegant. It had no straps and was form fitting. It went half way down my shins and had a slit that went to the knee on one side. After I changed I stepped out of the bathroom and did a little show for Angie.

"I'm actually speechless. The blue really suits you. I just wish that I knew the right words that would give how good you look justice."

I actually felt my face turn scarlet. "Thank you." was all I could manage to say. So to tell her how deeply gratified I was to her compliment of how I looked I walked straight up to her put my hand on her back pulled her close and kissed her deeply. That way I could hopefully convey how I was feeling. And how much love I had for her.

When I pulled away she still had her eyes closed. When she opened them I saw that she was about to cry and I just had to hug her to try and calm her down.

"Shhh." I cooed. "It's ok. I didn't know how else to tell you how much your compliment meant to me. I thought that a kiss would be better suited to express my thoughts." and with that she smiled at me. God that smile just makes me melt. I love seeing her smile that way.

"Ok so you wanted to go out. What should I do with the food that I brought?"

"I will put it in the fridge so that we can eat it tomorrow for a picnic. And while I do that you should finish getting ready. I have some shoes in the closet that you can wear and make up in the bathroom if you need it also."

"Thank you. I'll be down in a minute then we can head out."

After I was done getting ready I went down stairs and we left. All she would tell me was when to make the turns that would lead us to where we would be having lunch. She said that she would pay for everything. When we finally got to the restaurant I was speechless and could not move. Angie stopped to see where I was and laughed at me. She came back to me and grabbed my hand in hers and started to pull. When I realized what she was doing I noticed how warm her hand was in my own. I still couldn't believe how elegant and expensive looking it was. It was beautiful. When we entered Angie told the Maitre'd she had made reservations.

"Hello I had made reservations for Angie Smith."

"Ah yes here it is. Smith table for two. Right this way.

He led us to our table and we had sat down in a very secluded booth, and we sat across from each other. We said thank you as he left.

"How did you make reservations to such a top notch restaurant like this?" I asked her.

"Well I was hoping that you weren't going to ask but I just knew that you would. Remember how I told you that I own my own business?" Angie asked.

"Yeah I remember.... Wait are you telling me that this is your restaurant?" I replied.

"Guilty as charged. Are you mad at me?" she said

"What no way. I could never be mad at you. Is that why you have so many nice dresses?"

"Yeah, but any way they already know our orders and what we will be drinking. I have also arranged for a limo to drive us the rest of the day. But you still won't know all of our destinations until we get to them. I want this to be a surprise."

"Wow you did all that in an hour? You work fast. But would it be ok if we talked while we are here? Since we are away from everyone and can see if someone comes up to us?"

"Sure. Anything for you."

After our drinks had arrived we started talking about the kiss we shared last night. And how everything seemed to happened so fast even though it just feels right. We agreed that what ever happens will happen and that we should let it. Now this may seem crazy but I think I knew what she had in store for us this evening. We ate our meal and the waiter started to demand that we pay but once he realized who Angie was he apologized over and over for being so rude to her and her guest. When we got outside the limo pulled up and we got in. She told the driver to go to the first stop on the list that she was given. She nodded that she understood and started to head out.

I was holding Angie's hand through out the whole ride. I leaned over and whispered if I could kiss her. She must have seen something of the worry in my eyes about being seen. She nodded to me and the glass divider rose and kept the driver from watching us. I turned to look her in the eye and she just leaned toward me and we kissed. It was gentle at first then when a moan escaped my lips opened and her tongue entered my mouth and started to explore. I was surprised by her boldness then my tongue started to try and feel every part of hers as much as possible We only parted because the driver knocked on the glass. My heart was racing. All I could think of was how much she was turning me on. Angie lowered the glass and I was surprised that the driver was a woman. I had never seen a woman drive a limo before. But I would not have cared if it was a man or woman as long as I was with Angie. When I am with her I know that she would not let anyone hurt me and she makes me feel at peace with the world.

The driver had just informed us that we were at our first stop. I wish that we could have gone farther in terms of distance but I guess that Angie had the whole thing planned out. But why? I think that she might be playing a game with me of some form or fashion. If that is the case I am going to find out and beat her at her own game.

"So where are we? I don't see anything around for miles." I questioned her.

"Oh don't worry. By the way are you hungry?"

I could tell that we had drove for a while by the way the sun was setting. "You know I am kind of hungry. But like I said I see nothing around and it seems like the afternoon got away from us. Again where are we Angie?" I added a little hint of anger in the way I asked the last question. Now lets see if she picked it up.

I think that Sonia has figured out that I am playing a game with her. Lets see how good she really is. Angie thought. "We are at a park I thought that it would be romantic to watch the sunset. Besides you really should not be angry with me. I brought that wonderful lunch you brought to the house."

"What you have that here? But how, I thought that you put that in your fridge."

"I wanted you to think that. Like I said I have things all planned out and our driver was even kind enough to let us be alone for a couple of hours here in the park across town."

Oh is she good. I can't believe that she would have gone this far. I think that if she ties to make a move I'll play hard to get, though I don't know how easy that will be. That last kiss really turned me on. Well at least I know where we are. That is a good thing.

"Tell me, what are you thinking about right now Angie."

"Huh, oh I was thinking about kissing you again I just can't seem to get enough of them from you. Why you do you ask?"

"What if I said that I didn't want to kiss you right now? How would you feel?"

"I would be upset. I don't know if being rejected is worse or if someone you are in love with says that you can't kiss them."

Dang. She is one step ahead of me. "Would you leave me here if I said I don't want to kiss right now?"
