 "Rise and shine sleepy-head!" Dawn McIntyre called out as she pulled open the small window drape and flooded the tiny cabin with early morning sunlight. "It's another beautiful day out in the middle of nowhere."

"Screw you!" called out a female voice as an arm emerged from beneath the sheets just long enough to throw a pillow at Dawn.

"Come on, Kari, you can't still be tired." the 22-year-old said as she effortlessly avoided the pillow. "It's too beautiful a day to spend it in bed."

"That's easy for you to say." Kari said as the blonde emerged from under the sheet, her long hair half covering her face. "You weren't kept up half the night by the couple next door. They were still going at it hot and heavy at 3 A.M." she added as she pointed to the wall behind the bed's headboard. "I don't know how you managed to sleep through it all."

"Really? You should've woke me up." Dawn said as she crossed the room. "I'd have loved to listen to that."

"Pervert!" Kari called out before again disappearing under the sheet.

"Look who's talking." Dawn laughed as she again gave the end of the sheet a playful tug. 

"Go away!" Kari repeated.

"Are you going to be this grumpy the rest of the week?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, and its all your fault!" said the voice once again under the sheet.

"My fault?" 

"Well I'm not the one who booked us on this cruise." Kari said as she again emerged from seclusion. "What was it you said again... How can we loose? Four days on a cruise to nowhere. Fun, sun and all that goes with it. You just happened to leave out one little detail..." 

"You know I'm really getting tired of hearing this." Dawn said in mock protest, cutting Kari off, knowing if she didn't she'd be hearing her long litany of complaints one more time.

At first, it'd seemed like such a great deal. Dawn had gone to see David Morgan, her old boyfriend, to collect some money he owed her. As usual, David pleaded poverty. When Dawn began to make a scene in the travel agency where David worked, he quickly offered to pay her in another way. He had a few extra tickets for a 4 day cruise to nowhere that was leaving Saturday morning. 

The tickets were part of a charter that had been returned by two girls who now couldn't go. Non-refundable so they couldn't get their money back, the tickets were worth a lot more than what David owed her. So he proposed a deal. He'd sell her the tickets for less than half price and they'd call it even. 

Dawn had resisted her first impulse to snatch up the deal. She had learned from hard experience that it was too easy to succumb to David's charms. The slight fluttering in her chest and the tingle between her legs as she looked into the handsome face of the 25-year-old, reminded her that what ever other problems they'd had in their relationship - David Morgan was one first class fuck. It was exactly that memory that caused her to think very carefully about his offer.

"Let me get this straight." she had said. "These tickets are already paid for, and you want me to pay for them a second time."

"Well I am giving you them for half price." David smiled - that damnable killer smile that she remembered so well.

With that, every warning light in Dawn's head went off. David only smiled like that when he thought he was getting over on someone. 

"Well I'll tell you what, David dear." Dawn had smiled back. "I'll be more than willing to take those tickets off your hands - only as a fair exchange for what you owe me."

David appeared to be thinking it over for a few moments. From past experience, Dawn knew he was weighing the odds of getting anything more out of the deal.

"All right, you win." David said somewhat unexpectedly as he tossed the folder with the tickets over to her side of the small desk. "I guess you got me over a barrel."

Grabbing the tickets and quickly walking out of the travel agency, Dawn had been pretty pleased with herself. She'd figured she would never see that money again anyway so she might as well get something out of the deal. She and Kari were planning a little vacation anyway, and now they were going on a trip they could never have otherwise afforded. 

The one little thing that David had failed to mention, was that the charter was for an all girl cruise. Not just an all girl - a lesbian cruise.

Since Kari had insisted on still going out Friday night, they hadn't gotten to the cruise ship until the last possible moment. They were just starting to pull in the gangway when their cab pulled up on the dock. It took a mad dash to make it just in time. "So I make one little mistake." Dawn grinned as she held her thumb and index finger a few inches apart. "What your problem is that you can't make the best of a situation. Try having a little fun for a change. We're on a cruise ship with discos, great food, almost anything you could ask for. But you'd rather stay in bed and complain about it. You won't find me sulking in my room."

"No kidding," Kari said as she finally sat up in bed. "You must've been out on that dance floor until 2 AM. I was surprised that blonde you were dancing with settled for a kiss on the cheek when she said goodnight."

"So would that have been so horrible." Dawn smiled. "It's not like we've never danced with other girls before or even kissed them."

"That was different!" Kari shot back.

"...and who knows, maybe we're missing out on something." Dawn continued. 

"That's gross!" Kari hissed.

Dawn laughed at her friend's expression.

"That's what you said back in high school when I showed you how to blow a guy and let him cum in your mouth without gagging." Dawn retorted. "I seem to recall you've since changed your mind about that."

"I can't believe you'd even consider such a thing." Kari said as she slid out of bed and walked naked to the bathroom.

Kari D'Antonio stood 5'6" and weighed 120 lbs. She had long light blonde hair that stretched down the length of her back, ending just above the crack of her ass. Blessed with a slim athletic figure, her pride was a set of small, round breasts that stood firm without the aid of a bra. In fact she had long since stopped wearing one back in her senior year of high school. A decision that had brought appreciative smiles to the male population and disapproving looks from most of the female half. "Hey, I'm not saying that I'm going to go up on deck, spread my legs and take on all comers." Dawn continued. "I just mean that maybe we should look at things with a more open mind."

"You're crazy, you know that!" Kari called out from within the small bathroom. 

"One more comment like that and I won't tell you about the surprise."

"What surprise?" Kari asked as she stuck her head back into the main room.

"The ship has to make some sort of repair so they're pulling into San Cerino. It's going to take at least a day to make the repair so we can go sightseeing and shopping."

"In some little third world dump? No thanks." the 23-year-old said, disappearing back into the bathroom.

"Are you sure?" Dawn asked. "It's supposed to have some really great beaches."

"No thanks, I'd rather just stay here and relax." Kari concluded.

"Maybe you'll find some cute island boy to fuck your brains out." Dawn teased.

"I said I'm not interested."

"OK, suit yourself." Dawn finally said in desperation as she headed for the door.

She paused for a moment to check her appearance in the full length mirror on the back of the door. Dawn was an inch shorter than Kari and a little heavier. She wore her curly red hair very short, the edge of it hanging an inch above the collar of her blue shirt. Not as athletically built as her friend, Dawn had a slightly bigger bust that she felt more than made up for it.

"I think the lady doth protest too much." she thought as she closed the door behind her.

Locking the door behind her, Dawn paused as she heard the door to the cabin next door open. Curiosity made her wait long enough to see the couple that had kept Kari awake half the night. She smiled at the tall brunette in a white shirt and red shorts who stepped out the door. The brunette smiled back. 

Right behind her came a taller blonde dressed in a similar outfit. She also smiled at Dawn and wished her a good morning before taking her lover's hand in her own and heading down the corridor. 

Watching them until they disappeared around the corner, Dawn again asked herself the question that she hadn't been able to get out of her mind since they'd come aboard two days ago. "What was it like making love to another woman?" 

Back in their cabin, Kari glanced at the small alarm clock on the dresser. It read 09:30.

"Shit, I'd better get my act in gear or else I'm really going to sleep the day away." she thought to herself.

Not that she had any idea what she was going to do today, but there had to be something to interest her on this boat.

Grabbing a set of underwear from her side of the dresser, she stepped back into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Kari took a moment to admire herself in the mirror as she reached back and tied up her long blonde hair. Sometimes she envied Dawn's short dark locks, tying up her hair all the time was sometimes a pain. 

The warm touch of the gentle sprinkle felt good against her flesh as she stepped into the tight shower stall. She filled her hands with liquid soap from the wall dispenser and began to soap up her body. 

Kari stroked her breasts, bringing her pert nipples to a familiar hardness. As always, her own touch felt so good. Soapy hands glided down across her slim stomach, finding their way to the tightly trimmed blonde bush below. She continued down between her legs and then around to the cheeks of her ass, leaving a soapy trail of bubbles in her wake. 

Kari let out a soft sigh as her fingers again rubbed against her mound, reminding her that it had been three weeks since she'd been with anyone. For her, that was a very long time. Six months had passed since she'd broke up with her last boyfriend. Roger had been a great fuck but outside of the bedroom, or any of the other numerous places they'd done it, he'd quickly become a first class bore. Running her long outstretched fingers across her firm mounds once again, giving them a playful squeeze, the lithe woman was reminded of how horny she'd felt lately.

At this moment, she deeply regretted breaking up with Roger. Not that she missed him personally, but she'd broke up with him without having someone else warming up in the bullpen. The sudden intrusion of a series of never ending winter storms had prevented her from meeting anyone new. At the rate she was going, pretty soon she was going to jump the first guy she met. 

"God, I need a good fuck." she said to herself as she again glided her fingers down across her stomach and across the thin layer of blonde fuzz.

With a practiced skill she parted her vaginal lips, quickly finding the small stubby clit hidden within. Closing her eyes as she leaned back again the tiled wall, she pressed a slippery finger against it.

"Oh yes." she purred as a familiar tingle spread out from her cunt. "That feels so nice."

She slid a soapy finger up within herself, followed by a second and a third. It was a poor substitute for a hard cock, but it would have to do. 

It wasn't long before she was furiously pumping her fingers in and out, sparking the tiny flame between her legs into a conflagration.

The warm water had turned to hot, filling the tiny room with steam. The heat of which paled next to that which radiated across her quaking body as her fingers caressed her love canal in an orgasmic frenzy. 

Water running down her face, her lips formed a silent O. Kari felt her legs and arms go weak as repeated waves of delight rippled up and down her naked form. 

Long silent moments, broken only by the splatter of the shower drops, passed as the blonde rested against the now warm tile. The water washing away the traces of her climax. She had wanted to masturbate for the last two days but had felt funny doing it while Dawn was around. 

Shutting off the water, Kari chuckled. Imagine her being embarrassed about anything sexual. She, a girl who'd lost her cherry when she was 18 and would've needed much more than a scorecard to keep track of the men she'd been with since. 

It didn't used to be that way. She and Dawn had been friends since grammar school. They'd double dated more than a few times, with all the closeness you can get when one couple is going at it in the front seat and the other is just as active in the back. 

She didn't know why, but lately she was beginning to feel awkward around Dawn, at least where sex was concerned. It was silly really, and she promised to put it out of her mind.

Tossing her towel into the laundry basket, Kari quickly put on her bra and panties. Breakfast was served until 11:00. If she couldn't get laid on this trip, then at least she could enjoy some really great food.

The sweet sea air brought a sense of tranquility to Dawn as the small cruiser neared the dock. So far the vacation had been a lot of fun, but she was beginning to wonder if maybe she should've left Kari back in Brooklyn. She couldn't believe what a stick in the mud her friend had become. So what if Dawn danced the night away with a bunch of lesbians - who cared. 

Normally, next to Kari, Dawn was Mother Theresa. Kari had always been the wild one, the one who pushed it to the edge and then just a little beyond. Sometimes to the point where even Dawn was embarrassed.

That night they went into Manhattan last January, just before the first winter storm, was a prime example. All of their friends were talking about Dante's Inferno, the hottest new club in the city. It was already appeared in both the Post and People as the newest in spot for all the beautiful people. Dawn had protested that they'd be wasting their time, that they'd make that long two hour bus and subway trip and then get turned away at the door. But Kari had insisted so away they went.

Dressed in their Friday night best, they'd taken the long ride to the upper East Side of Manhattan. There they'd waited on line in the cold for over an hour, only to reach the door and be found wanting by the tall muscular bouncer. "Come on Kari, let's go." Dawn said as she pulled her jacket tighter against the cold. 

"No, we're going dancing." Kari insisted.

Kari again stepped up to the tall gatekeeper and smiled at him. At the same time she let her jacket fall open, giving him a fine view of her barely covered breasts. The sudden exposure to the frigid air caused her nipples to instantly hardened and become even more visible through the thin material.

"No big deal," he laughed. "I've seen much better."

Kari felt insulted, it was the first time any guy had turned down a free look at her breasts. It had always worked in the clubs back home.

"What do you have to do to get in this place"?" Kari thought out loud.

The burly bouncer took a second look at Kari's boobs and then ran his eyes up and down her body, taking in the whole package. He leaned forward and said in a voice low enough for only Kari and Dawn to hear.

"Well, you could always blow me." he whispered.

Dawn was sure that her friend was going to immediately tell him to fuck off. Instead she took a moment to look him over. He was tall, 6 foot, and around 220 lbs. The muscles that bulged from under his tight black T-shirt told of long hours in the gym. He was clean shaven with dark brown hair, short and curly.

"Wait here a minute." she said to Dawn as she handed her purse to her and then pealed off her leather jacket. "Let's go." she said to the bouncer.

He didn't even bat an eye in surprise. Instead he just turned to one of the other workers by the door and said to watch the gate. 

"Go get her, Billy" his friend said.

Before Dawn could say a word in protest, Kari had grabbed the bouncer's thick arm and pulled him into the small alcove just off the doorway. Hidden from sight of everyone but her girlfriend and the new man at the door, Kari dropped to her knees and unzipped his black Levi's. Reaching inside his now open pants, she pulled down his briefs and exposed his hard cock to the frosty night air.

Kari didn't waste a second, taking his full 6 inches between her bright red lips. Both observers watched as her blonde head bobbed up and down for what seemed like only a minute or so. She became a blur of motion as his saliva covered cock kept sliding in and out of her mouth. The expression on Billy's face told it all. The girl had an oral technique that would make an 8th Ave. hooker proud. He tried to hold back, but he was fighting a loosing battle against an expert. 

A second later, a loud gasp escaped his lips, accompanied by a burst of whiteness inside Kari's mouth. She buried her head deep between his legs, swallowing all that he gushed out. 

Another brief spurt and it was all over. The blonde let his now semi-flaccid cock slip from her mouth and stood up, straightening her skirt as she rose. Kari didn't say a word, she just ran her tongue across her now smeared lipstick, cleaning off the last remnant of her efforts.

Sprouting a wide grin from ear to ear, Kari took Dawn's hand and led her startled friend past the now open doorway and into Dante's Inferno. 

"And she called me a pervert." Dawn laughed to herself, her smile reflecting her good mood. "That's my Kari. She could screw the football team and not care who knew, but let another woman look at her with a little desire."

Looking out at the pristine beach growing ever larger, Dawn thought it lucky that Kari hadn't been with her that first night onboard. Still worn out from club hopping the night before, Kari was out like a light before midnight. Dawn on the other hand, had taken a nap in the afternoon, knowing they were going out and was still wide awake at midnight. She'd decided a walk in the night air would help her sleep.

The cabin they occupied was one of the more inexpensive rooms on board, made more so by the fact that part of their deck was under renovation. Walking along the railing, enjoying the cool sea breeze, Dawn saw barely a soul. The disco was on the other side of the ship and most anyone who was up and about was there. Still she had seen three woman walking up ahead of her a few minutes before so she figured that while this section of the ship might be unoccupied, it was still open for a late night stroll.

"This is so beautiful." Dawn thought as she looked out at the full moon reflected in the endless ocean around her. "I never imaged anything could be both so empty and pretty at the same time."

Leaning on the railing, Dawn spent at least ten minutes just gazing up at the stars. They were so clear, and there was so many of them. Back home, with all the city lights to cloud the skies, they looked so much dimmer. Now she understood how people could fall in love on cruises.

Continuing her walk, Dawn heard giggling from just around the corner. Ever curious, she slowed to a quiet step, and carefully peeked around the corner. Later she doubted the three women who had passed her earlier would've heard her approach if she'd been wearing work boots. Dawn's attention was immediately drawn to the woman in the center of the trio. In her mid forties, she had noticed her earlier that evening at dinner, sitting at a nearby table. A short heavy-set woman, Dawn had pointed her out to Kari and remarked that the older woman bore a striking resemblance to Miss Laufer, their 5th grade social studies teacher. Kari had agreed that there was some similarity, but there was no way that it could be her. After all, Miss Laufer had to be at least in her sixties by now. Still, her image had stayed with Dawn well enough for her to be still remembered.

Of course the similarity with their former teacher ended there because there was no way the red haired young woman could ever envision Alice Laufer in the scene before her. The brunette's royal blue dress was down around her waist, exposing the largest set of breasts Dawn had ever seen. The had to be at least a 44DD. Even her nipples were immense, the areolas stretching over three inches across. Of course at the moment, she could only see one of them. The back of a blonde head hid the other as one of her companions traced wet circles around it with her tongue. 
