 I sit across the table from Kat. Beautiful, sexy Kat. She is smiling at me, sipping her coffee, and all I can think about is how to take her home with me so I can have my way with her.

I met Kat about 5 years ago while I was still seeing Dena. Both Dena and Kat worked for the same graphic design company then. The first time I laid eyes on Kat, I was blown away. She is petite, but with curves in all the right places. She has smooth, mocha skin that looks sweet as syrup. She is beautiful, with large, slanted eyes and a drop-dead gorgeous smile. To say that she is stunning is a total understatement. There was something extra special about Kat, something completely overwhelming. And I could do nothing about the physical response I had whenever I was around her.

The three of us had gotten relatively close back then. Kat is fun and free-spirited, and was always joking around with Dena and I that she wishes she was lesbian; and that turning gay would solve all her relationship issues. We would all always end up laughing, but inside my head I would go crazy with dirty, steamy thoughts of Kat in compromising positions with another woman. In almost all scenarios, the other woman was, of course, myself. Since I was in a committed relationship, I did nothing. I merely made do with casual stolen glances, brief smiles, and the standard friendly hug. The fact that she was straight and married to some idiot named Alan didn't help at all, either. 

But here we are now, three years later, sitting across from each other over coffee. She's divorced, I'm single. Sure, she's straight, but I am too preoccupied with thoughts of seduction to take that little fact into consideration.

"So how you been, babes?" Kat always calls her girlfriends tiny endearments like 'babes' or 'sweets'. And I knew it didn't make me special or any different from them, but still I couldn't stop the little tingle up my spine. "Seeing anyone in particular?" she continued.

"Mmmm...," is all I manage. Temporarily forgetting her question and focusing on her mouth. Her delectable, juicy little mouth, wondering how it would taste and feel against mine.

She lets out a half laugh, half grunt, "I hear ya. Since my divorce, I went on a few dates but nothing seemed to stick, you know what I mean?" She smiles at me and I absent-mindedly shrug my shoulders, most of my brain still on my fantasies about her.

She takes a huge gulp of her coffee and still I was looking at her mouth. "On the way over here I had gotten myself into a tiny fit. Thinking you'd be settled down and happy and talking about adoption, or sperm donors, or whatnot!" Her mouth is smiling at me.

"Nah..." is again all I can manage. A small voice inside my head is telling me to start using real words or she's going to think I'd gone retarded since we last saw each other.

"You still live in that apartment by the bay?" She asks me.

I nod.

"Let's go to your place and get shit-faced and watch old movies!" She is vigorously bobbing her head up and down.

Unbelievable. I didn't even have to maneuver the situation at all. It was like the heavens had opened up and a billion dollars had dropped onto my lap.

*****

Ten minutes later I'm driving home to my apartment with Kat a few meters behind me, following in her VW bug. We stop at the 7-11 close by and buy a couple of bottles of cheap Merlot (which was the only thing the store had) and a six-pack of beer.

As I'm turning the key in the lock, she's instantly standing right behind me, her breath on my neck and ear. It was all I could do not to drop the plastic bag of cheap seduction I was holding.

"Jen, you've redecorated!" Kat squeals as we enter the apartment. "I like it!" She smiles at me.

"Sit down please. Maybe choose a DVD. I'll put these in the fridge." I was a little impressed with myself, finally forming actual sentences. I leave her on the couch and take a minute in the kitchen, hiding behind the refrigerator door to breathe properly and compose myself. I was so nervous about having her alone to myself, I was convinced I was in genuine physical pain.

"Can I start with a beer?" she yells from the other room. "And you know what? Let's ditch the movie and just gossip. Like old times!"

I walk back into the living room, beers in hand, and find her draped over my sofa with her feet up on the coffee table. Her toenails are painted a pale pink. She arches her back and does a little stretch, pushing her breasts against her silk blouse. I feel a dull throb between my legs. Oh please let this happen, I mutter behind my teeth.

She takes one of the bottles I'm holding and pats the empty space beside her. "What shall we talk about?" She says, smiling up at me.

"What's it matter?" I say as I sit down. "We've never really run out of things to say to each other."

She smiles at me, "I know. We've always really gotten along so well." She tucks her feet under her legs and adjusts a little, somehow ending up slightly pressed up against my arm. My hearts starts beating wildly again, and I'm positive she can hear it.

I clear my throat quietly but nervously. She adjusts in her seat again and is now almost facing me. She puts one elbow up on the back of the couch and rests her head on her arm. "Remember when I used to say all the time about wanting to go lezzy?" She chuckles while saying it.

I give her a side glance and grin at her, relaxing a little. "Mm-hmm. Except being frustrated with men does not make a girl gay," I snort at her.

She pauses then says in all seriousness, "I wasn't saying that because I was frustrated with men." Her voice had turned low and quiet.

It takes a full minute for the horny haze in my brain to clear. I realize slowly that maybe she's trying to seduce me as much as I'm trying to seduce her. Even if only a hint of that were true, I recognize the significance of this second. This. Now. My one chance to be with Kat. I decide to bet it all on this one moment. 

I turn my head to look at her fully. She is staring intently at me, eyes hooded, mouth ever so slightly open; and I notice she is barely breathing. I shift in my seat to mirror her position, subtly bringing my face closer to hers. 

"So tell me, Kat..." I stare at her mouth and ask in a low whisper, "...Have you ever even kissed a girl?"

"No..." I see her mouth form the word. I look back up into her eyes and catch a flash of wildness that she quickly hides. But her mouth remains open and she looks almost dazed. My breath catches in my throat.

I slowly bring my face another inch closer to hers and stare at her mouth once again. "Would you like to?" I ask her quietly.

I see her blink once. Twice. Then, as if catching on to my game, moves her face closer to mine as well. "That... depends," she too is staring at my mouth. I do not breathe.

I inch even closer, her face becoming a blur, "Depends on... what?" the question is a choked whisper. Our faces are so close I can feel her hot breath on my lips.

"On who the girl is," she almost growls.

All of a sudden, Kat is the one to close the distance. She is the one to press her lips against mine.

Unmoving, yet with mouths open, we stay like this. As if testing to see how we fit. Completely still, yet curious and wanting at the same time. It takes all of my willpower not to ravage her at once, but I want her to want this as much as I do. She releases a little moan and slowly moves her lips against mine. I feel as if my body is on fire, electricity running from my scalp all the way down to my toes. It dawns on me that she is actually saying something. Speaking words against my lips.

"So soft... you're so soft, Jen... And you taste so... sweet..." Kat is mumbling, whispering, moaning this into my mouth. 

I dare to stick the tip of my tongue out and briefly lick the inside of her upper lip. I hear her breath catch and she pulls slightly away from me, staring into me for a split second. Then with a groan, her mouth is on mine fully. Hot, wet and open. Our tongues meeting, tasting, then finally rubbing erotically against each other. I let out a small whimper and her hand finds its way to my neck, gently pulling me even closer. I thread my fingers through her hair and put my hand on the back of her head, keeping it there. I start sucking on her tongue and it's as if a torrent is let loose. Both her hands are now on my shoulders, snaking their way down my back. Moaning wildly, she tosses one leg over me and quickly straddles my lap as if she'd been doing it for years.

I know this is permission to finally touch her the way I want to. I put my hands on her hips, squeezing and grabbing slightly. Still unable to get enough of each other's mouths, Kat pushes against me and rubs her chest against my own. I feel every nerve ending on my hardened nipples, enjoying, and at the same time resenting, the barrier of our clothes. I hold her by the waist, my thumbs grazing the underside of her breasts. She lets out a surprised "Oh!" and tosses her head back. I kiss and lick down her neck, my hand brave enough to gently cup her right breast over her silk blouse and give it a light squeeze.

"Oh my god... Oh my god..." Kat keeps groaning over and over. "I never thought... it would feel like this... mmmm... not in my wildest fantasies... did I think... mmmm..."

Still squeezing her breast, I whisper against her neck, "You fantasize about women? Tell me... please..."

Kat snaps her head back up. She puts both her hands on my face and looks seriously into my eyes. She holds my gaze another second and says quietly, "Only you. I've only ever fantasized about being with you, Jen." She stares at me for a moment longer, then slowly lowers her head to kiss me again. A kiss even more intense than the ones we already shared. As if her tongue is trying to convince me of the truth she's just revealed.

I break away, panting, and ask her, "Come with me to the bedroom. Please?"

"Yes. Oh yes!" With that she slides off my body and pulls me to stand up.

Touching, groping, stealing kisses, we stumble into the bedroom. I tear her blouse off along the way, and the sight of her in her skimpy bra almost makes me faint. She has her hand inside my shorts, down my backside, squeezing my butt cheeks while moaning into my neck. We fall to the bed in a tumbled heap of flesh and clothes.

My thigh is in between her legs and I gently push it up against her crotch. Kat lets out a slow, ragged, "Ohh!" Tonguing her ear and pressing my whole body down on hers, I am suddenly overwhelmed with the desire to feel her bare skin against mine. I try to break away to pull my tank top off, but she won't let me. Sitting up with me, holding me even closer, grabbing me where she could reach.

"Kat.... help me... help me get this off," I manage to say, latching on to the bottom of my shirt. Her eyes light up and she eagerly pulls my top up and off of me, pushing me down onto my back in the process. Our bodies make contact, bare skin on bare skin. I hear a sharp intake of breath and a low, drawn-out moan, and I am unsure which one of us made which sound.

My face is at the crook of her neck, nuzzling, licking, nibbling. She pushes herself off of me, staring at my chest. Her palms graze my nipples and I buck wildly from the brief contact. Kat looks at me, as if astonished at the response she's elicited from me. Her mouth forms into a naughty grin, and she bends to give my left nipple one slow, agonizing lick. I push my head back against the bed and open my mouth to scream, but no sound comes out. I feel her hand at the top of my thighs, hesitantly caressing. I look down at her and her eyes are unfocussed, glazed over. I reach to unclasp her bra, momentarily congratulating myself for doing it in one smooth move. She lifts her body ever so slightly so I can pull it out from between us. She takes the moment too to grab my shorts and roughly pull it down my legs, taking my panties with them. As we move back to each other, naked flesh on naked flesh, the feeling is at once intensely electric. And Kat can obviously feel it too. She can't stop writhing, rubbing the whole of her body all over mine. Soft and smooth and hot and silky. It's all I can do to shut my eyes tightly to try and savor the feeling even more.

Her mouth is on my nipple again. Teasing, licking, biting. Flicking the hard tip of it with her tongue then almost taking my whole breast in her mouth. "Mmmmm..." she moans into my body, and I feel it vibrate on my burning flesh. "Oh my god, Jen.... This... feels... soooo good..." Her eyes are closed, her tongue still laving my breast.

I pull her back up for another kiss. She is completely laying on top of me, our bodies aligned. Our nipples touch and she lets out a wild gasp as her eyes fly open. She rubs against me again, letting our nipples touch once more. The feeling is like liquid fire, and Kat once again bucks and writhes against my body. Her leg lands in between mine, her thigh against my crotch, and I feel the wetness I've transferred onto her skin. She notices it too and breaks away from me slightly, her eyes boring into mine. She takes a finger and feels the wet spot on her thigh, her expression almost wondrous as she looks at it. I lay there quiet, apart from my labored breathing, watching her. Slowly, she takes that finger to her mouth and licks it, her eyes back on mine. It might have been the most intensely erotic sight I've ever seen.

I grab her by the shoulders and turn us over on the bed, me now on top of her. I can no longer control myself and start licking her where my mouth can reach. Her ear, her neck, her collarbone, her throat. I put my mouth on her left breast and her back arches so hard, I'm almost thrown off her. I grab her hips as I continue tonguing her nipple, letting out a deep breath as I find the zipper on the side of her miniskirt. She is in so much ecstasy, she barely notices me pulling her skirt away, tossing her head from side to side, her eyes tightly shut. 

I move my mouth to her other breast and she lets out a low "Ahhhh!", almost thrashing around on the bed. She has her hands on my head, her fingers in my hair, pulling. I move my tongue down her body, licking the smooth, warm skin of her stomach, her navel. I take my fingers and snake them into the elastic of her panties, teasing. She bolts upright, her eyes bright, looking at me, barely able to catch her breath. Still holding her gaze, I move my tongue even lower, dragging her panties down slowly. I can smell her powerful, musky arousal, and I put my nose in the crook of her thigh as I pull her underwear off completely.

Kat is still staring at me intently, almost looking nervous. Looking deep into her eyes, I run my tongue all the way up her slit. Her eyes grow even wider and her mouth forms an 'O' but no sound comes out. I push her legs apart and start feasting on her, licking her all over her sex. She is delicious. I flick her clit with my tongue and her head falls back against the pillow, finally releasing that pent-up groan. It is low and raw and so fucking sexy.

I alternate short and long licks on her pussy, circling her clit then flicking it. Sucking on it, taking it into my mouth, and rolling it on my tongue. Kat sounds like she is hyperventilating, her thighs are shaking, and her whole pussy is throbbing. I decide to give her what she needs. Her thighs freeze and she sits up, not breathing. Then she lets out a long, low scream, sounding like it's coming from deep in her belly. She starts bucking, making me grab on to her even tighter. Her thighs and her belly start spasming. I watch her as her eyes roll up her head and she collapses back on the bed, still shaking like jelly. I ease up on her, the licking turning tender and loving, and I feel her breath slow down somewhat. I feel her hand on my head, and I move up her body, kissing and licking all the way.

Kat's eyes are still shut, but a small, satisfied smile is forming on her lips. "Oh. My. God," she breathes out. She opens her eyes to look at me, but they are still somewhat glazed. I kiss her, tenderly. And she kisses me back with what might be the most honest, the most erotically tender kiss I've ever experienced. She puts her arms around me, holds me tight, pulling me even closer, even wrapping her legs around me, almost as if our whole lives are to be defined by this one kiss.

"Mmmmm," she moans into my mouth, still smiling. "That was so fucking amazing," Kat whispers to me as we break the kiss. 

I give a small chuckle as I brush the hair from her face. "I'm serious," she continues. "I think I just had the best sex of my life!" Kat looks at me.

"I'm not even halfway done with you yet, baby!" I joke.

Kat looks at me seriously, "I used to have dreams about you, you know. Wild, sexy dreams that got me waking up all sweaty and horny. And guilty too. Because I had never thought of another woman that way. Plus you were dating a friend. But my god those dreams made me so fucking wet."

I breathe in sharply. Shocked, to say the least. And even more painfully aware of my still soaking, throbbing pussy. "Tell me more," I whisper hoarsely.

She blushes a little. "It was never anything vivid. It was just a lot of flesh and skin. And it was hot and raw. It was also mostly faceless, but soon as I wake up, you were the one I was thinking about."

I could feel my heart beating in my chest and hear my blood rushing in my ears. "I had my share of crazy fantasies about you too, lady. You are so fucking sexy. There were a lot of times I had to hold my hands tightly behind me to keep from touching you," I boldly admit. "I was a little... a little overwhelmed by you. And the way I felt when I was around you."

I see a wicked smile on Kat's face. "And how did you feel, exactly?"

"Like I wanted you to push me up against a wall and have your way with me."

Kat looks at me for a second then grabs my face and kisses me hotly. Pushing me back until she's on top of me, her right thigh pushing in between my legs. I open my mouth wider, taking in more of her tongue. And all of a sudden I feel her hand at my pussy, two fingers suddenly inside me, thrusting... slow and hard.

I can't breathe. It feels so good, I don't even want to make a sound. She is still sucking on my tongue, and I feel her fingers in my pussy slowly slide out and roughly slide back in. I open my legs wider, push my knees up against my chest to give her more access. She instantly gets it, and straddles me completely, fully embracing the rhythm of pumping her fingers in and out of me, her palm pressing against my clit. I am thinking I might die from the pleasure. I barely even begin to recognize the beginnings of an orgasm in my belly, when it takes me over. I am screaming and shaking and bucking against her hand. My orgasm is explosive and intense and had taken me completely by surprise. I look at Kat's face and her eyes are wide, her mouth open. Almost in disbelief that she was the one who had made me feel this way. She quickly crawls down and puts her mouth on my clit, her fingers still pumping. I feel like I might black out from the ecstasy. 

She slows down as she feels me come down from the orgasm. Her fingers just inside me, her tongue licking me tenderly. I let out a long, soft "Aaahhh" and pull her up to me, kissing her mouth and tasting my cum. "Where... where..." I was still catching my breath. "Where did... you... learn to do... that..."

Kat laughs. A low, sexy chuckle. "You bring it out of me, babe." She looks at me and we exchange a few short kisses. She tells me, "That was intense, Jen. I didn't know I could make anyone feel like that. Did you really feel as good as it looked?"

"You have to ask?" 

She laughs again, and we exchange a long, slow kiss. "So... you wanna spend the night?" I ask her.

Kat grabs my right breast and says, "You couldn't kick me out if you tried!"
