 "Isabella, Isabella...Can you come in here and help me with something?"

Isabella was dusting a large banister on the stairs when she heard Victoria Carbonara, her boss, calling down to her from the upstairs master bedroom. She had been working at the Cabonara Estate for nearly 20 years and knew every nook and cranny of every room in the house. She was only 21 when she first applied for a housekeeping job there. Over the years, she had seen the English tutor mansion go through two full renovations, five redecorations, two wives and a slew of hired help. She always managed to keep her job and overall she enjoyed her work and took it very seriously. Now over 40, her hardworking demure was starting to show on her once youthful figure. Isabella was a petite 5'2, she has dark brown hair and eyes to match. She was still attractive, but now her face had crincks and wrinkles, she was carrying a little child-rearing weight in the areas of her tummy, hips and thighs, and her legs and feet ached from her hard days of cleaning and organizing. She would often come home late in the evening to cook dinner for her husband and three children and toss her shoes callously about, dreading the time when she would have to put them on for another day of arduous work. 

Nevertheless she was thankful for the longevity of her career at the estate. It had given her some financial security; over the years she had saved enough money that allowed her to be able to afford her first home, a place for her now teenage children to feel safe and secure. 

"Isabella!" she heard Mrs. Cabonara call to her again. She put down her feather duster and started up the grand, wooden staircase. She passed four bedrooms and then entered the heavy, double doorway leading to the master suite.

"Where are you?" Isabella called.

"I'm in here," Victoria called from inside the large walk-in, cedar closet.

Isabella found Victoria towards the back of the closet behind a large Victorian dresser, which showcased all of Mrs. Carbonara's expensive jewelry and gifts from her husband. She seemed to be struggling with a black cocktail dress that was only halfway on. Victoria was the new wife of Dr. Carbonara, a well-known plastic surgeon in Southern California. She was much younger than his first wife. At 26 years old, Victoria, was tall, blonde and slender. Her complexion was golden from being out in the sun and she had the most beautiful green eyes that seemed to sparkle when she smiled. The black dress was on her lower half, covering her long, athletic legs and tight ass. On the upper portion of her body, her new breasts were nearly spilling out of a plain black strapless bra.

"Can you help me with this?" Victoria asked in frustration, as it was obvious that she had been fighting with the slinky dress trying to zip it up.

Isabella got behind her and brushed her beautiful blonde hair away from her neck, she could smell the expensive perfumes and lotions on her beautiful skin. She reached down for the zipper and caught a glimpse of Victoria's black lacy panties. As she zipped up the dress, she wondered what her sexy employer's pussy looked like. She knew she frequently made appointments to get a bikini waxing. She could picture her self in between Victoria's legs, admiring her freshly waxed bikini line and smelling her sweet juices.

"Isabella...thank god you came to my rescue," Victoria said affectionately. "I have a benefit to go to with Hal tonight and I am running so late."

Isabella came out of the sexual trance she was in. "It's no problem, Ma'am."

"You don't have to call me ma'am...please...call me Victoria."

Isabella was a tad embarrassed. She remembered that Victoria did not want to be called ma'am, and had mentioned it several times to her before. She had gotten into the habit of calling the doctor's first wife, ma'am, who was much older than the vixen that stood before her.

Just then the phone started ringing and Isabella reached for the brass old-fashioned French receiver, which had recently been installed by one of the handymen in the closet. While answering in her usual phone manner, Isabella, out of the corner of her eye, could see Victoria fastening an ornate diamond and emerald bracelet on her wrist and then admiralty starring at it, as she twisted her hand to see it shimmer and sparkle. Isabella finished with the call and put the phone down slowly.

"Ma'ma...um...Mrs. Victoria," she started, "That was Dr. Carbonara. He is held up at work and unfortunately cannot make it to the benefit tonight."

She could see the disappointment in her young employers face. Victoria sluggishly fell back on a velvet, cushy chair and slug one shoe off in anger. "I can't fucking believe him," she said like a frustrated teenager, "He's always at work."

It was true; Dr. Carbonara loved his profession and was always caught up with his work. He spent hours upon hours preparing for surgery and perfecting new ways of the surgical tasks he performed. He was at his practice so often that he often slept there and wouldn't make it home until 5 a.m., only creeping into bed with his beautiful wife for an hour or so before he was up to start another work day. Isabella felt sorry for Victoria, she was so young and how she loved getting dressed up for him. She could tell that Victoria was lonely and missed him terribly. After all, she had seen these signs before; it was only two yeas prior, when she witnessed the doctor's first wife pack her belongings and take their 8-year old daughter to New York.

Isabella reached for her and Victoria collapsed in her embrace, sobbing like a baby in her arms. Isabella comforted her and stroked her shiny blonde hair in the same way she had done for her children, when they were upset with schoolmate or with a skinned knee. Isabella had a very nurturing way about her and Victoria felt safe around her. She patted her back and rocked her until she began to settle down. Isabella fantasized about coming out their long embrace and engaging in a long romantic, tear-soaked kiss. She began to rub her back affectionately and could feel the tension and stress under Victoria's muscles. "Honey, you are so tense. Why don't you let me give you a massage?"

"That would be wonderful," Victoria said softly as she came out their clinch and reached for a box of tissues.

"Okay, okay," Isabella said excitedly, as she hoped this would lighten Victoria's somber mood.

She helped Victoria off the chair and gently held her wrist, guiding her out of the closet and into the bedroom. The master suite had been recently redecorated and was fit for a modern princess. The room was a soft shade of white. It had a certain retreat-like way about it and was stark with furniture expect for a large wooden four-post bed with hanging sheens of angelic like sleuths draped along the top and posts. The same drapery was on three sets of French doors leading out to a moonlit veranda. You could almost see the stars through the light fabric as it swayed softly to the gentle night breeze.

Isabella lit a few of the large pillar candles on the nightstand and turned around to see Victoria in her bra and panties laying face down on the plush white bed. Her panties made the shape of a lacy "v" and only partly covered her tight, tanned ass. Her expensive cocktail dress lay a few feet from the bed, heaped up on the floor like a pair of worn underwear. Isabella lathered her hands with some expensive looking lotion that she also found on the nightstand. She stood over Victoria's youthful body like a wolf ready to begin a feeding frenzy. Victoria reached behind herself and unfastened the strapless bra that was confining her. She arched her muscular back up, just enough to free it from her skin, and tossed it to the floor. 

Isabella started rubbing and massaging Victoria's back with deep force as her youthful superior moaned and started to feel more relaxed. Isabella loved touching Victoria's skin; it was so soft, and now shiny with lotion, as she melded her hands from Victoria's neck to the band of her black lace panties. She had kept massaging ferociously for close to 20 minutes until her hands began to tire. 

"No," Victoria shouted. "Don't stop what you are doing."

Isabella was tired and knew she could not keep massaging her with the same intensity. She, instead, began to make gentle circles going from the middle of her back outward. Victoria seemed to like this and moaned and sighed deeply. Isabella kept making the circles bigger and bigger until the edges of her hands started brushing against the sides of Victoria's breasts. With each outward circle, Isabella reached her hands further and further, touching more and more of what she could of Victoria's over-sized handfuls. 

Just then Victoria turned over abruptly and exposed her "DD's" to her much older housekeeper. Isabella admired each breast with her eyes. It was obvious that they had just been through a surgery; they were large and swollen. Her pale nipples were so hard and erect one could tell they were painful. It wasn't a surprise that there wasn't a scare in sight; breast augmentation was one of Dr. Carbonara's specialties.

"They haven't been touched by another person in so long," Victoria winced. "Please touch them, your hands feel so good."

Isabella, still standing on the side of the bed, submissively glided her fingertips over her boss's breast. Victoria moaned with pleasure and approval. Isabella eagerly starting caressing Victoria's breasts and nipples. Her hand cradled the fullest part of her breast and then came up like a claw to gently pinch at her nipple. Victoria enjoyed this greatly and motioned Isabella to join her on the bed. 

There was Isabella in her housekeeping uniform, in the same bed that she had made every morning with fresh sheets for nearly half of her life. Next to her layed her sexy, half-naked supervisor, she could feel the hotness and wetness build in her mound. In all her fantasies, she couldn't imagine Victoria feeling this good and could hardly believe this was really happening. 

Victoria sat up a little and put her hands on top of Isabella's. "They're still a little sore," she whispered.

Isabella then leaned over on her side, and lifted one of Victoria's breasts to her mouth. Victoria fell back with pleasure. She kissed, sucked and flicked her boss's brand new tits as if she had done it many times before. Although Isabella had only fantasized about being with another woman, she was extremely carefree about it. Being a woman herself, she touched Victoria's breasts how she would want hers to be touched. 

Victoria began thrusting her body with pleasure, as Isabella glided one of her hands down her stomach and outlined Victoria's panties with her fingertips. She first outlined the band and then traced down the side of her hip around to her inner thigh. She finally tracked her pussy lips through her panties. Isabella was so hot she could barely stand it. She had to get down there; she had to see the pussy she had been fantasizing about all day. 

With one full motion, she pried Victoria's legs apart and positioned her face in between them. She parted her sexy boss's lacey underwear to one side and caught her first glimpse of the pussy she was longing for. It was fully shaved, with no hair whatsoever. This excited Isabella so much. She had never seen a totally shaved pussy on a grown woman and never thought of shaving her pussy entirely. She was so horny now nothing was going to stop her.

She reached up and pulled Victoria's panties down her legs and around her ankles, so that her legs had no choice but to be bent, as Isabella was still in between them. With the tips of her fingers she lifted her boss's hairless cunt lips and saw a sheen of liquid emerge and glisten in front her eyes and then trickle down her cunt towards her ass. She pointed her tongue and licked it up. Victoria let out a long, lustful moan. It was the first time Isabella had ever tasted another woman's pussy juice and she liked the way it tasted more than she could have ever imagined.

She licked, kissed and sucked Victoria's pussy, often lapping at it as if she was a kitty cat. Isabella plunged her tongue in and out of her hole and then caroused her tongue over Victoria's red-hot clit. Isabella has made her so hot and wet that Victoria was in irreversible pleasure and started fingering herself in between lust licks and sucks from her new female lover.

Isabella loved being in plain view, watching Victoria finger herself with her long, delicate finger. "That's it, baby," Isabella coaxed, "Fuck yourself just like that." 

She decided to put one of her own fingers inside of too, and felt Victoria's cunt stretch to accommodate both her own finger and Victoria's finger inside of her.

Victoria's body started thrusting more and more and Isabella knew she was going to climax. She could feel her finger fucking her harder and harder, and she sucked at her clit as Victoria shuddered in complete bliss. 

"Oh, Oh, Oh," Victoria moaned in post-orgasmic bliss as Isabella lapped at her pussy until she had gathered all of Victoria's fresh cunt juice in her mouth. Isabella then snaked up to Victoria's smiling face and together they shared a wet, lustful kiss.