 "Mr. Calderon!" Jackie Lance squealed and jumped away from the old not so gentleman. A lecherous smile spread across his face while he stared at her his hand still cupped where her as had been just a moment before.

"I'm sorry; I just get ahead of myself sometimes." Ken Calderon replied. The grin was spreading slightly revealing his yellowing teeth. "You're just such a lovely little flesh pot." Ken took a surprisingly quick step towards Jackie. Considering he normally leaned heavily on his cane the old man was surprisingly spry when the mood struck him. Jackie actually suspected that he didn't need the cane so much as he thought it would bring him some measure of sympathy. She wasn't ashamed to admit that it worked on her.

"Well you better learn to keep those urges under control Mr. Calderon." Jackie scolded holding the feather duster behind her apple shaped bottom and taking a few steps away from him before turning and leaving the room as quickly as her ridiculously high heels could carry her. He called something scandalous after her but she ignored it and headed back to the kitchen.

Jackie had only been the house keeper/nanny/maid for the Calderons for a little over a month. She was quickly understanding why they had such a hard time retaining help even with the extremely generous pay they offered. Five thousand a month and free room and board was not a bad deal at all. Especially not when her room was almost the same size as her old apartment had been! Her private bathroom was the same size as her old living room and had an enormous bath and a multi-headed shower that looked like something out of Star Trek. 

They didn't exactly load her down with responsibilities either. They expected her to cook and clean a bit but there were only four people counting herself living in the house. The downside wasn't the work load it was the demeaning way they treated her and dressed her.

She was dressed like the stripper version of a French Maid costume, the only thing covering her rump were the layered ruffles of the dress and they didn't so much cover as accentuate her figure. Her breasts were put on display with the low plunging neckline. Before taking this job with the Calderons she'd never worn fishnet stockings and they itched. She'd also never worn heels before and she still wasn't comfortable in them but at least she wasn't constantly tripping any more and walking up and down the stairs no longer felt like qualifying for the X-Games. Her feet were still sore at the end of every day.

"Good evening Jackie." Kate smiled; she was sitting at the island. "Dinner's late." And just like that whatever semblance of kindness had dropped from the forty something year old's voice and visage at the same time. 

Kate was the, current, matriarch of the Calderon family and generally an all around bitch. They hadn't sat down and had anything as intimate as girl time but Jackie had managed to learn some things about mistress of the manor. She'd been a cheerleader and a model before she met Ken, she liked to brag about that and there was a year book from her high school on display in the den. It didn't take a genius to put together the fairly simple math that made it clear that Kate knew a little something about home wrecking. If you looked hard enough, and Jackie had lots of spare time to do just that, you could find plenty of photos with both Mrs. Calderons. Kate was invariably somewhere that should have been just out of site but she was there a surprising amount. It was kind of creepy.

"I know, I'm sorry. I went to check on Mr. Calderon and things got a little behind. It'll be ready in a moment. How was your day?" Jackie tried to smile but what came out was both lopsided and terribly forced. The alpha bitch had an ability that bordered on supernatural to suck the fun out of a room or at least out of Jackie. She was all sunshine and rainbows when she was with her pay check, husband. The world Jackie meant was husband even though she had no doubt that the thing that had impressed Kate the most had been the size of his endowment not his heart.

In fairness the old man hadn't married the harpy because she had a wonderful personality. He'd married an ex cheerleader, former model who'd had enough work done to keep her forty something self looking like a twenty something with just a few hints that her skin was a fraction too tight. Her breasts were a half size too large for her frame but even Jackie admitted that part of that might have been a hint of jealousy aimed at her. Unlike Jackie who after a month of being displayed like a piece of meat still had to fight to urge to pull the dress down to cover more of her. Kate on the other hand knew men loved to look and loved to be looked at.

"So how is my husband?" Kate asked totally ignoring the question about herself.

"He's. . . fine a bit grabby." It wasn't' the first time she'd had to put up with the old pervert making a pass at her but it was the first time he'd been bold enough to just take a hold on the forbidden fruit and give them a good squeeze. 

Kate was silent for a moment staring almost through the younger woman. "And what did you do to encourage him?" She was almost growling.

"Nothing! I mean I walk around all day in these fuck me heels and dressed like something out of a teenage boy's fantasy!" Jackie was overwhelmed with the competing desires to cover her breasts and her bottom but just like she always did she made a concentrated effort and managed to do neither instead starting to serve the food. 

"Is that so?" Kate was still eying her as she picked up her plate and took a single bite of the dish. "The food is excellent by the way. You'll be serving my husband in his study as usual." Kate took another bite then sat the food down and went to pour a glass of wine. "And when you are finished with that you will come and see me by the pool, do you understand me?"

"Yes ma'am." Jackie waited patiently until Kate had taken her food and vanished. The woman constantly gave her a bad vibe and it was even stronger than usual tonight. 

"Dinner is served Mr. Calderon." Jackie announced before setting his plate beside him at his computer. As usual he was in the middle of watching porn. A normal man would have would have closed out the window and pretended they'd been reading something on politics; Ken didn't even have the decency to hit the mute button. He did however turn to face her. "Oh, I see what I want to eat." 

"Mr. Calderon!" Jackie gasped dancing away from his grasp. She'd already accepted that him making lewd comments was part of the job but the idea of the old man with his scraggly white hair and wrinkled skin actually touching her made her skin crawl a little. "Eat your dinner. I'll be back to take your dishes in a while."

"Are you sure you don't want to stay here and eat with me? You can sit in my lap." He offered.

"Thanks but maybe another time." Jackie said as politely as she could manage backing away from the old man.

"Ah sweet heart, you don't know what your missin'. Suit yerself though." He turned back towards his porn where an old, balding, overweight man was smothering a young woman beneath him as he pounded away. She was trying to smile but the woman looked miserable. Jackie had to make an effort to keep her face from curdling in disgust. It took a while before she could tear her eyes away and finally escape the room. She could still hear the woman, more a girl really, squeaking while the man grunted atop her until she was most of the way down the hall way. She was fairly certain he was slowly turning up the volume just to torment her.

Jackie ate her dinner and cleaned the kitchen in silence. She wasn't sure what Kate wanted from her but she knew enough to know that a private meeting with the boss was almost never a good thing. She'd dragged out those chores as long as she thought she could without arousing suspicion then walked out to the pool. Kate was sitting with her eyes closed in the spa steam rising up around her. 

"Get in, it's time we had a little talk." Kate said without opening her eyes.

Jackie moved to the edge of the spa and looked down. "I didn't bring my swimsuit ma'am."

"That's fine. I didn't either." Kate rose up just enough to reveal she was actually bare beneath the bubbles. "Now get in."

Jackie hesitated for a moment longer before unzipping the outfit she'd been wearing. The truth was being nude was almost less humiliating than the costume had been. She carefully folded the maid outfit and set it on one of the chairs slid out of the uncomfortable stiletto heels and into the hot spa. "Wow, this is nice." Jackie said sinking completely into the water.

"Yes it is." Kate smiled. "You've got quite the body you know."

Jackie blushed and sank a little deeper into the water. "Thank you, I hope I look half as good as you do when I'm your age though."

"And how old do you think I am?" Kate asked with a guarded smile.

"I dunno, late thirties early forties?" Kate motioned upward with her thumb. "Mid forties?" That was what she actually thought but she'd been trying to be diplomatic. Kate motioned up again. "Late forties?"

"I'm fifty three." Kate finally volunteered. Jackie's jaw dropped. "Yeah, I get that a lot; I'm more than old enough to your mother, almost old enough to be your grandmother!" Jackie threw her head back and laughed. "I look good for my age don't I?"

"You look amazing for your age." Jackie gasped. 

"I know. Tell me something Jackie, have you ever been with a woman before?" Kate leaned in close with a smile.

Jackie blushed slightly. "I experimented a little when I was in college." 

"Oh?" Kate slid a little closer to the young woman. "What did you learn?"

Jackie scooted away. "Nothing interesting." 

"Really? You didn't learn anything interesting?" Kate reached out beneath the bubbles and grazed her fingers over Jackie's thigh. "I know I learned a lot of very interesting things when I was experimenting. Like this for example. Men think they are subtle when they don't want to be seen looking at other women. Women are subtle. But I've noticed you."

"Oh?" Jackie quickly diverted her eyes from the older woman. She was just trying to get away from Kate's gaze but she found her eyes drawn down towards her breasts. "I didn't mean. . ." Words escaped Jackie and she trailed off. Kate had slowly risen up out of the water and now her nipples were just visible over the bubbles. 

"It's perfectly alright Jackie. I don't go to the gym three times a week, have a few thousand dollars worth of surgery done and have nearly every bit of clothing I own tailor fit if I didn't want the attention. I like the fact that men get whiplash when I walk by. It's not half as rewarding as that catty look I get from women, especially when they catch their husbands eye fucking me."

"It is kinda nice." Jackie replied. 

"But I also like the way you've been looking at me Jackie. Let me ask you a question, why do you think we hired you?" Kate somehow drew Jackie's eyes back up to hers.

Jackie had wondered the same thing more than once over the last month. She wasn't really qualified and they had other servers. Landscapers, a pool boy an actual cleaner who did all the heavy cleaning not the light dusting and general tidying up that Jackie took care of. They even had a part time chef who cooked dinner four nights a week and did the prep work for the rest of the meals while he was in the house. She was a bit redundant.

"I'm not really sure."

"Aren't you?" Kate smiled and rested her hand on Jackie's thigh. "Do you really have a hard time understanding why an old couple would bring a young, nubile, sexy woman into their home and dress her up like something out of a cheap porno?"

The thought had crossed Jackie's mind more than once. She'd always managed to convince herself that it was just some sort of strange coincidence. "Really?"

"Really. We interviewed a lot of young ladies, and a few gentlemen as well." Kate's hand was slipping further up Jackie's thigh. "And we settled on you."

"I'm really flattered. Honest I am." Jackie was frozen in place. "But. . ." But what? They pay me damn good money, give me a roof over my head and they want to use me as a toy? That's a better deal than I had with my ex.

"We'd understand of course if you wanted to leave." Kate's fingers were now brushing against Jackie's hip. "But we like you. A lot."

It was nice to feel a woman's touch again. Jackie didn't flinch when Kate ran her fingers up her side caressing her breasts and finally pulled her into a slow kiss. She just let herself melt into the older woman wrapping her arms around Kate. A light whimper squeezed its way from between the two women when Kate pulled Jackie into her lap. The two women remained tangled together for a moment before Kate slowly started urging Jackie up out of the water and into the cool night air. 

"And we really hope you'll stick around." Kate purred, her mouth left Jackie's and started blazing a trail down the young woman's throat and shoulders before wrapping around a nipple. Jackie gasped each time Kate's hungry lips moved back and forth between her nipples. "For a very, very long time." She kissed down Jackie's belly, dipped her tongue into Jackie's naval. 

Jackie sat on the edge of the spa and looked down at Kate. "Really, and what exactly will my job entail?" She whispered deciding for the moment to play along. 

"You know, just the usual." Kate leaned in and kissed Jackie's clit running her tongue along the lips then leaning forward slipping her tongue into the younger woman's moist folds. She reached up digging her fingers into Jackie's firm buttocks keeping her from squirming too much around while she continued wriggling her tongue into Jackie.

Jackie's ankles crossed behind Kate's head and dug into her shoulders pulling the woman half out of the spa. Her eyes screwed shut and her hands moved into Kate's blonde mane pull desperately holding the woman in place. Any doubts she had that women ultimately knew more about how to please a woman orally were dispelled with every expert move of Kate's tongue. She bit down on her bottom lip trying to stifle a scream and then a moment of clarity hit her. The Calderons had an enormous backyard with huge privacy providing trees. Nobody would hear her scream. Jackie threw her head back and let the delighted howl rip free of her lungs.

She was nearly correct, her thighs were clamped down around Kate's head so tightly that she almost didn't hear Jackie's cry. But only almost and she certainly felt each and every spasm Jackie had. They were all accompanied by her thighs clenching shut even tighter and her back arching until on her head and shoulders remained on the pavement and she'd pulled Kate fully to her feet. The two women remained like that for almost a minute before Jackie finally slowly relaxed to lie back down on the cold concrete. "Oh my God."

"The proper term is goddess. And I know." Kate purred sitting next to Jackie's prone body. Leaning over Kate looked down at Jackie and smiled.

Water dripped from her nude form on to Jackie each one making the younger woman twitch slightly. "Stop." She wriggled a little trying to escape the tiny droplets of water. Her entire body was still tingling slightly. Jackie felt like she was aware of every bit of her sin, every bit of air and water and even Kate. Kate wasn't touching her but Jackie could feel her breathing. "Too much." She couldn't quite feel her legs.

"Oh honey if that's all you can handle we're gonna have ourselves a lot of fun cus that . . . that was just the very tip of the iceberg my dearest. I have skills obtained over my five decades of life that would make your toes girl." Kate whipped her hair behind her head and blew on the hollow of Jackie's throat, taunted her nipples, down to her still throbbing and swollen sex and back up again. "If you stay I promise you that and so much more. Have you ever played with whips and chains?"

Jackie's head was still spinning from the absolutely mind blowing orgasm she'd had already this woman was back at it. Without even touching her Kate was sending chills up and down Jackie's spine. To call what she said next a decision would imply that she was in some control of her situation of her body, or the very words coming out of her mouth and she wasn't. She was utterly and completely helpless beneath Kate. "Yes. I'll stay here as your maid."

"Splendid. I should warn you though, my husband may not look like much but he's quite insatiable and I won't be the only one putting you to good use."

Jackie nodded dully not really listening anymore or having any serious idea of what the future held.