 I rolled over, turned off the bedside light and returned to Lucie's arms. Looking into her face, I asked "How will your mother take this, my love? I'm a bit worried. When we went there first I not only told her that we were just friends but that I was straight, and here we are now climbing all over each other. I think that when I rip your panties off and we make out on her kitchen table she might figure something's up, don't you?"

Lucie began to shake with laughter in my arms. "Oh my, I can just imagine it! Maybe we should try it, but maybe I won't wear any panties. I think even maman might be shocked! But seriously, chérie, maman has known exactly how I felt about you since we visited her first. The fact that we are now where we are shouldn't come as much of a surprise to her. We know she loves me, we know that she likes you. When she sees how happy we are she'll be overjoyed for us. Don't worry, Audrey."

"I'm so glad. Now here's another serious matter we have to sort out before we go any further. Which side of the bed do you want, my lover?" I whisper.

"I'll take the side you're on, if that's okay with you." she replied and I could sense her smiling in the dark.

We kissed and quickly fell asleep. How I loved this! I had never felt like this in my life before, I didn't know anyone could feel as happy!

I awoke just as it was becoming light and for a brief moment wondered where I was. Then I realized, and a feeling of joy overwhelmed me. Lucie was still in my arms and I kissed her softly, seeing her smile in her sleep. I carefully disentangled myself and tiptoed to the toilet to relieve myself. It had been a long night and I darn near had to walk cross-legged. I sat down and sighed with relief as a yellow stream poured into the bowl. Done, I wiped myself, washed and dried my hands, opened the door and there stood Lucie, her eyes bright with tears. I took her into my arms to comfort her. "Lucie, my love, what's the matter? Tell me!"

"I woke up," sobbed Lucie into my shoulder, "and you weren't there. I thought I'd dreamt it all."

I held her tighter, "No dream, Lucie. I love you this morning even more than I loved you last night, if that's even possible. You're a part of my life now and I'm not going anywhere."

"I'm so glad, my dear Audrey" sobbed Lucie, clinging to me, "I love you so very, very much. But I must go and pee, my darling, before I explode. Please don't go away."

She dashed into the toilet, I returned to bed and waited for my lover. I watched her as she came out of the toilet and walked towards the bed, her beautiful face framed in her shining, curly, black hair, smiling as only she could smile, the bounce of her firm, pointed breasts, her flat stomach, the thatch of black hair between her legs. Dear God she was gorgeous and I just couldn't believe she was mine, just as much as I was hers.

I held up my arms and she came into them. I felt the length of her cool body against mine, her breasts with their sharp nipples pressing against mine. I held her, caressed her hair, her back, the globes of her bottom, her sides, touching the swell of her breasts. I simply didn't know how to tell this woman how much I loved her because I didn't understand it and I didn't know how much I loved her. I knew that I'd never felt like this about anyone in my life and would never feel like that about anyone else. My heart swelled in my chest; this wasn't sex, this was love. If only I had the words.

"I don't understand it, Lucie," I whispered in her ear, "I don't understand any of this, but I love you so very, very much, you've become so dear to me."

She looked at me, smiled, stroked my cheek. "You don't need to understand, ma chérie, you just have to accept what is. If anyone had told me that a collision in a supermarket would result in me losing my heart I wouldn't have believed it. But it did happen. I met you. I fell in love with you the moment I met you and now I can't imagine being without you."

By now we were clutching each other, weeping, and peaceful love and calm and warmth turned gradually to passion, to deep kisses, tongues writhing, hands wandering, legs spreading, juices flowing. Lucie spun around, buried her head between my legs, lay her body on mine clamped her knees around my head and lowered her now wet and fragrant cunt onto my face. I grasped her hips, pulled her down, her legs spread further, my nose vanished into her fragrant cunt and my lips closed around her dripping clitoris, my tongue flicking it. I felt Lucie's lips and tongue on my own clitoris and the sensations in the pit of my stomach carried me closer and closer to orgasm. We were both shaking and quivering, harder and harder until we both tipped over the edge into orgasm, spraying cum over our faces.

We pulled away, panting as we drew huge breaths, our mouths and noses full of juices and cum. We turned until we were facing each other again and as we looked at each other's cum-smeared face we burst into laughter. "It could be time for a shower," I said, still laughing. "I guess you noticed that the shower in the family bathroom is a two person, so if you're very good I'll come and wash your back."

So we showered. Slowly, very slowly as back washing turned into kissing, into front washing, into kissing, into breast washing, into kissing, into face washing, into kissing, into cunt washing then kissing again, breast washing again, kissing again, cunt washing again, kissing again and so on and so on. Drying was no faster, maybe a little slower as so many nooks and crannies were found that required drying, some more than once and all of them requiring kissing. And kissing. And kissing.

We emerged from the shower room very hot and bothered, still touching and caressing and groping and kissing but loving every second of it. Happiness, pure happiness.

Neither of us felt like cooking breakfast, we knew might never be able to keep our hands off each other long enough to cook, let alone eat, so we threw on some clothes, another slow process, and went back to Mickey D's for our morning fuel. And did we need it!

As we sat back finishing our coffee, I asked, "And what would you like to do today, Lucie?"

"Well," she replied, "what I'd really like to do is go back to the house, rip your panties off and fuck your brains out!"

"That sounds like fun, " I grinned, "but I'm not wearing any panties, Lucie, as you very well know and I know that you're not either. And I'm not wearing a bra and neither are you. You know, I haven't mentioned this before, but I just love the way your tits bounce when you walk. Gets me all hot and bothered!"

"Huh," replied Lucie, "and I suppose you think yours just sit there on your chest like lumps! They don't, they have a beautiful bounce, I just love your big, hard nipples and I know I'm getting wet just looking at them. By the way, did I tell you I love you this morning?"

"No, I don't think you did, but I know I love you, Lucie, with all my heart, just can't imagine being without you."

"Oh you liar," exclaimed Lucie, "I did tell you, I know I did, but just in case, I love you, Audrey, passionately, so let's go!"

So we did and spent the rest of the day in bed, getting to know each other better, alternating between extreme passion and loving calm and peace. We exhausted ourselves, but this time made our own food, there was plenty in the house, and eventually fell sleep in a quiet embrace, as happy as we had ever been in our lives.

The next day, Sunday, we awoke together, still holding each other tight. We kissed, kissed again then lay there, looking into each other's eyes. I couldn't believe how lucky I was and I told my Lucie, "Good morning my darling. I love you so very much." and kissed her again. And again. Today we were to visit Jeanne in Yarmouth and I was still feeling a little nervous, and why not! Until last week I thought I was straight, had never even considered looking at a girl or woman and now I was deeply in love with this beautiful creature next to me. I hoped that Jeanne understood, because I'm not sure I did.

We showered again, just as slowly as yesterday but today we had a simple breakfast, toast and jam, before getting dressed. With underwear today! We both chose similar outfits, colorful blouses, summery skirts and comfortable flats. Damn we looked good! Today we took my BMW, and as it was such a beautiful day we drove with the top down. It blew us around a little, but that's the price you pay!

This time we stayed on the 101 for the whole 100 kilometer journey. As soon as we left Digby, Lucie put her hand on my thigh and squeezed, which felt so good I could have cried. It felt even better when her hand slid slowly up my thigh, under my skirt, and began to stroke the bulge of my swelling lips through my panties.

"You keep that up and I'm going to drive off the road!" I gasped.

"You mean you don't want to get wet?" giggled Lucie. "Too late!", rubbed a little harder and brought her wet fingertips to my mouth where I sucked them with enjoyment.

"Lucie, your mom will be able to smell me from a hundred yards away!" I giggled as I reached under her skirt to find that she hadn't worn panties after all. She was already wet and I felt the pearls of liquid in her black bush. Her legs parted, I found her hard clitoris with my forefinger and begin to rub it.

"That's enough, let's save it for later!" she gasped as she pulled my hand out. She brought my hand to her mouth and licked my fingers dry. "You know," she said, "I prefer your taste!" and giggled loudly.

"That settles it," I laughed, "your mom will probably be able to smell us both now!" and we both collapsed in fits of laughter. But I did keep the car on the road and about an hour later, when we came to a stop in front of Jeanne's house in Yarmouth, we were still laughing and giggling like a couple of schoolgirls.

Jeanne was at the door with a big smile on her face. "Girls, it's so lovely to see you. You'll have to tell me what the big joke is! Come in, sit down and tell me all about the last month." and gave both of us a big hug.

Jeanne got all of us a soft drink and we sat, Lucie and I next to each other on the sofa, Jeanne opposite us on the other sofa. She looked at Lucie, then at me, then back at Lucie, then back at me. "Something's changed since the last time I saw you, hasn't it?" she said softly. "Would you like to tell me about it or is it a secret?"

"It's no secret," I answered in a quiet voice, "even if it is a bit of a mystery." I took Lucie's hand, brought it to my lips and kissed it softly. "Does that answer your question, Jeanne?"

"But I thought you were only friends, at least that's what you told me when we first met."

"Yes I did, Jeanne, and it was true then. When we first met I thought I was straight, had been married to a man for four years, for God's sake and then I meet Lucie and my whole world is turned upside down, but in a more wonderful way than I could ever have imagined. When I invited her to share my house, that's all it was, I was just trying to be kind, because she's a lovely girl with whom I'm very comfortable and I felt she deserved better than just a room in a rooming house, but in the weeks following I've fallen so deeply in love with your daughter, Jeanne, God help me I love her so very much. All in only a month. I don't understand it, but there it is."

"Lucie told me how she felt about you when you first came here, and I trusted her feelings, so that's no surprise, but this is more than a little unexpected, Audrey. I'm not unhappy, don't get me wrong, you're a lovely girl, but you have to admit that this is just a little improbable. Are you sure that this isn't just sex and the convenience of being so close?"

"Yes, Jeanne, I've never been more certain about anything in my life." I replied. "I've no explanation for you, I just know how I feel and I know I've never felt like this before. The last time we spoke on the phone I promised you that I would take care of Lucie and keep her safe and I mean that even more now than I did then. I love her so very, very much." and I burst into tears, sobbing uncontrollably until a sobbing Lucie took me in her arms and comforted me.

I became aware that Jeanne had joined us, had her arms around both of us, was crying as much as we were and whispered into my hair "Welcome to our family, Audrey."

I pulled back, looked at the pair of them and sobbed, tears still pouring from my eyes, "Jeanne, I'll take care of your beautiful daughter for as long as she wants me to. Forever will be too soon for me. I mean it Jeanne."

We held each other until we stopped crying. Jeanne exclaimed "Well, isn't this unexpected! 'Out of a clear blue sky' comes to mind. We often get a lot of bad luck in our lives, God knows I've had my share but this is not one of those times. You've been pretty quiet, Lucie, do you have anything to add?"

"Not really, maman, you've known how I've felt about Audrey since we first came here for dinner. She knows that I love her, I'm now loved, loved in return and I'm so filled with joy that I can't begin to describe it to you. Audrey knows this, now you do too. I hope you can be happy for us."

"The two of you are so happy that it really doesn't matter how I feel," smiled Jeanne, "but yes, I'm overjoyed for you both. I've hoped for years that you would find someone who would love you and take care of you and it seems that you have. I knew when I met you, Audrey, that you were someone special, but never in my wildest dreams did I imagine that you and my daughter would become a couple, and an incredibly happy couple at that. Thank you."

I looked at Lucie, stroked her cheek and we kissed. And kissed again. And blushed. "Excuse us, Jeanne, I'm sorry if we embarrass you but your daughter is so beautiful I can't help kissing her. I'll try and behave."

"You'll do nothing of the kind!" exclaimed Jeanne. "You have no idea how happy it makes me to see you young people being happy and showing it. But I do draw the line at your stripping and making out on the sofa."

Lucie and I collapsed in gales of laughter, leaving Jeanne looking puzzled. "So what's the joke?" she asked.

"Audrey was wondering how you'd react," said Lucie, "when we told you about us and I told her that you might object if she ripped my panties off and we made out on your kitchen table." at which Jeanne roared with laughter too.

"You were right," she gasped.

"It's all right, maman, I did tell her that, but I knew it couldn't happen." Lucie laughed.

"Why ever not, Lucie?" gasped Jeanne.

"I'm not wearing panties, maman." which made Jeanne collapse in laughter and made me blush furiously.

"Lucie, you're a terrible girl, look at how you're embarrassing Audrey." spluttered Jeanne.

Lucie turned to me and with an enormous grin asked "Am I embarrassing you, ma chérie?"

I blushed again and replied "Just a little. Remember, I don't know your mom as well as you do. I think it's wonderful she has such a terrific sense of humor."

"Thank you, Audrey," answered Jeanne, "you have to have a sense of humor with Lucie around, she's cheeky as you've no doubt found out already. Now, I'd better get some lunch ready before she really does jump your bones but if she does, just don't be too noisy. No panties indeed!"

"Can we come and help you, Jeanne, that way my honor will be safe?" I asked and once again we exploded in gales of laughter.

"Bit late for that, I would imagine! No panties indeed." spluttered Jeanne and we again collapsed in laughter. "No thank you my loves. You two lovers sit there and whisper sweet nothings and I'll call you when it's ready. For all I know you're not wearing panties either!"

I collapsed into Lucie's arms, still laughing. "What a wonderful mom you have my darling, I just love her sense of humour, I think she's awesome. Not as wonderful as you, but still wonderful. Lucie, my darling Lucie, I just can't stop telling you how much I love you. Thank you so very much for being in Superstore that day."

Lucie's eyes tear up as she looks into mine. "My sweet Audrey, I have never been happier in my whole life than I am right now and that's all because of you. I love you with all my heart."

Jeanne, who had been coming to fetch them heard all this and her eyes glistened when she heard the heartfelt protestations of love from her wonderful daughter and her beautiful partner. She sniffed and in a cracking voice called "Lunch."

We sat around the table and enjoyed a wonderful lunch of wild Atlantic salmon, small new potatoes and salad. Jeanne opened a bottle of wine but I regretfully declined.

"I'm so sorry, Jeanne, I'd love a glass but I'm driving and I never drink when I drive, not even one glass."

Jeanne came to me, took me in her arms and said "Thank you, thank you for taking good care of the two of you. There are too many accidents with drunk drivers as it is. Lucie, you've got a keeper here!"

"Oh I knew that, maman, from the moment I met her." she replied and I blushed all over again.

During lunch they found out exactly how little French I knew and they promised to give me lessons, which I thought was a wonderful idea. I'd have loved to be able to speak to my Lucie in her native language, but they did teach me to say 'Je t'aime', 'I love you' in French, so I practiced it a few times, making Lucie blush brightly. Jeanne and I winked at each other.

"You're terrible," Lucie said to the two of us, still blushing.

I reached over and took her hands in mine and said quietly "But we do love you, my darling, we love you very much and I'm happy to tell anyone that I do."

All three of us began to cry at this and Lucie whispered "How did I get so lucky?"

"It must be because you deserve it, my darling." I replied quietly.

We spent a lovely afternoon, sitting round, chatting, enjoying each other's company and of course, time flew by and it was quickly time to head home. We all hugged and kissed and as were on the point of leaving, Jeanne hugged me again and said "Thank you so much for coming into our lives. I haven't known you long, but I can think of no-one, absolutely no-one that I would prefer my Lucie to be with. Please look after her." and kissed me on the cheek.

"I will, Jeanne, but I have a problem," I replied with a grin, "I don't know if I should persuade Lucie to wear panties or if I should stop wearing them myself. I'll tell you a secret. When I went to have a pee just now I took mine off and put them in my purse."

Jeanne exploded with laughter and gasped "Oh you devil you! You just be careful you don't drive off the road! Come here, give me another hug!"

Lucie came back into the room and asked "What's going on here? Did I miss something?"

"No, nothing," I replied with a smile, "come on, time to go. Bye-bye, Jeanne, thank you so much for everything. We'll see you again soon. I have an idea, why don't you come up and visit, we have a spare room since Lucie moved in with me. Is that okay with you, Lucie, can your mom have your room?"

"Absolutely, Audrey, you silly, but it's not my room any more, remember? We'd love to have you maman."

The sun was getting low but it was still quite light, so we left the top down and set off up 101. Once we were well on our way I pulled my skirt up and say to Lucie "This is what Jeanne and I were laughing about. I took my panties off for you."

"Well thank you, lover, that's very thoughtful of you," replied Lucie with a big grin. "I really love touching your smooth cunt, seeing how your lips swell. I've been thinking about shaving myself for quite some time now. Would you help me, Audrey."

"Of course I will, honey!" I replied. "I think we'll have to take a lawn mower to it first, but it shouldn't take too long after that. Want to do it when we get home?"

"Okay, you beast." grinned Lucie. "By the way, it was really sweet of you to invite maman up for a visit. She has quite a few friends but I think she'd love to come up. She loves family and as far as she and I are concerned you're now a part of our family. You're certainly a part of my family. And you have a lovely cunt." and she turned to face me, squirming under her seatbelt, reached over and slipped a finger into my waiting slit.
