 I'm a young woman, with a huge appetite. It's been a while since I've broke up with my boyfriend, Josh. The sex with him was great, but it wasn't passionate. He didn't treasure my body like it deserved to be treasured. I've seen him around in many different places. Just the other day, I saw him walking down the street with a pretty girl. They were laughing and holding hands. He saw me and the smile vanished. I heard him say to her, "Let's go this way, I know a shortcut."

The girl did not notice me, but he did. I had to get rid of all of the pictures we took in our two years together. There was a picture of him that I kept on my bedside. He looks so handsome with his blonde hair and great smile. 

We've had an argument that led to us breaking up. He said something about me being boring in bed. That hurt me, and my heart fell on the floor that day. I've never been so angry in my life. I've thrown things, we both yelled at each other, and said regrettable things back and forth. He finally said to forget it, and went to get his jacket. He left and didn't come back until the next day. I got home from work and most of his things were already at the door, packed up and ready to go. His friend, Matthew, was putting away his things in his truck. 

Josh and I didn't speak the day he left. He saw me and brushed past me, like I was never there. I decided to play it cool, and didn't make eye contact. After he took the last bag and closed the door, he was gone forever. I broke down and cried. While with Josh, we made a few videotapes together. He would give them names, like they were porn flicks. I felt like a porn star with him, but still, I didn't feel treasured. 

Sadly, I became very horny after he left, and went out to seek my desires. It took me a long time to get over him though. I went to a sex store and went to the DVD section. There were many flicks. Ebony. Lesbian. Gay. Straight. All kinds. I've seen them all from being curious, but my favorite are lesbian. I never considered myself to be a lesbian at all, but it's a turn on seeing two women making love together. I used to watch some of those movies with Josh, and he even said he would bring another woman to our bed, if that was okay with me. 

I never sat well with that, because I thought it would destroy our relationship. Maybe if I did do so, he would have stayed, and I wouldn't be so "boring" as he said I was. Personally, I've never been with a woman in my life. Maybe that's why this desire is so great. I long for something that I never had. 

I've been scanning Craigslist, seeing what the ladies are up to. I clicked on the women seeking women section, and saw many things. Older woman seeks a younger girl to play with. I'm Anne, and live near Chinatown, I'm looking for a woman to be in a relationship with. I've seen many things. 

One day, I was at my job and I heard a co-worker say something about her weekend adventures to another co-worker. She mentioned a place called The Lush Factory. 

"What's that?" Her friend asked. 

"It's a place where people go for everything, sex wise. If you're a bi-curious young woman and want to be ate out by another woman, you can go there. You can watch people have sex and have sex there yourself, but you have to pay a fee, whatever you want. This is all held in a mansion."

"A mansion?"

"Yeah. Some gay guy told me that the mansion belongs to a woman whose name no one knows. Her past is unknown, and she's a very private person, but she's very wealthy, and turned her mansion into some kind of sex haven."

"Wow, and I bet she's making a lot of money!"

"Yeah, a LOT of money. THe place looks like a palace for god's sake!"

"So, what did you do when you went there?"

"I got manipulated by two men. I was tied up, hands and feet, and they punished me with a whip they had, and afterward gave me a bath full of bubbles, and made love to me."

"The first part sounds like rape."

"It definitely wasn't rape, but it was my fantasy. The place has rules of course. You can't carry a purse or bag once you enter the mansion."

"Why not?" 

She shrugs, "Her rules."

This Lush Factory sounds very interesting. I'll have to ask my co-worker more information about it. I do, during lunch break. She writes down the address and tells me good luck. 

"You'll love that place, but you'll never forget the experience," She says. 

"I'm sure I won't."

She gives me a Lush Factory Card, and on it are sexy men and women, with fire that decorates the card. On it is the question? What's your fantasy? Dare to live it out? Visit the Lush Factory. I see the address and number. I decide to visit this Lush Factory and see what the rants and raves are about. 

I Google the place and see reviews on it on Yelp. The place is opened everyday, and has many bar areas and areas where people can eat. It has a five star review, and twenty eight comments. All of them are good. The one that struck me the most was when a woman responded with, "Visited LF months ago and oh my god I will visit again and again!! Mistress never fails to please. I came to her as a young virgin and left a sexy, super slut. Lol I'm kidding but Mistress knows how to take care of your body, and makes you feel wanted." Of course her comment got many replies. Others agreed. 

Does this Mistress have a name? I'd have to visit Lush Factory and see what all of this is about. I called the number that same night. It was the main line. A man answered the phone, and for a moment I thought I dialed the wrong number. 

"Yes, I would like to visit the Lush Factory, and I was wondering, how can I request Mistress, or is that her name?"

He chuckles gently, "Yes, that's what we all call her. You would like something private with our Mistress?"

"Yes."

"A few questions first, as a screening."

Wow, this place was legit! 

"First, how old are you?"

"I'm twenty-five."

"Good, because to be in this place you have to be eighteen and older. Okay. Do you have any sexually transmitted diseases?"

"No, I don't."

"Do you have any medical problems at all?"

"None."

"Are you a virgin?"

I laugh, "God no."

He chuckles again. He seems very friendly. 

"Okay, do you have a spouse or lover?"

"Not anymore."

"All right, that's fine. What is your fantasy?"

"My fantasy?"

"Yeah, every person on this Earth has a fantasy."

I thought about it, "Well...one of them is one I had for years. Even my boyfriend knew about this one. It's being with another woman."

"Okay, I'd have to tell you 87% of our female clients have lesbian fantasies."

"I'm not a lesbian."

"Well that's a fantasy you have with another woman," He laughs, "What else would it be called?"

"You're right..."

"Just to let you know, our services are raw and uncut. But we do respect our clients wishes, and if you want to stop and say it, we will stop. I will read to you the terms and agreement."

As he reads, I barely pay attention, but when he's done I say that I agree. 

"Now you requested Mistress, she's very expensive. You do know that right?"

I laugh, "Oh I'm sure! If I'm going to do this once, I might as well be worth it."

After he tells me the price, I nearly faint. 

"You can pay via phone, or at The Lush Factory."

"I'd rather pay when I get there."

"Okay, what would you like done by our Mistress?"

"I've always wanted BDSM, but I'm not so sure about that either. It turns me on when I watch it, but I don't know."

"Okay, I'll put that down just so she knows, and I'll put a question mark too since you're not sure. When are you available to come in? Mistress is now only available Wednesday and Friday. She's a very busy woman and her schedule is booked, she also has a house outside of the Lush Factory, so she's not there all the time. Plus her place is looked out for by a lot of security guards."

"Oh my word. Well, I'll try Wednesday so I can go to work with something to talk about."

He laughs, "I understand."

"Wednesday at eight."

"Perfect. What's your name?"

"Diana."

"Pretty name. Okay Diana, you will be seeing Mistress, Wednesday at eight pm at our Lush Factory. Hope to see you then."

"You too."

"Bye, have a great evening."

"You too."

Wow, what a trip this will be! I decide to wear something sexy. Might as well, especially since I'm being serviced. I pick out a red dress that Josh bought for me a while back. I only wore it once, but it's been so long since I've worn it. It shows off my curves. Yeah, this'll be great. 

I tell my co-worker that I'm going to The Lush Factory that evening. Her eyes widen and she smiles, "Go for it! What are you going for? Are you just going to watch, or..."

"No, I actually requested something."

"No!"

"Yes!"

"What are you going for?" She asks. 

I whisper, "I'm trying something with Mistress."

"Wow, good luck. I heard she's very good. I've seen her around when I was there."

"What does she look like?"

"Very beautiful, a little short, but her body is voloptuous. She appears arrogant. Maybe it's all the money that she has."

"Maybe so."

"Anyway, you're going to have a lot of fun. What are you wearing?"

"A pretty red number my ex bought for me. It was hanging at the back of my closet."

"Tell me how everything goes."

The red dress makes me feel vulnerable and naked, yet sexy and daring. My curves are out, and I took my hair out of that tired bun I had it in, and let my dark hair cascade over my shoulders. On my way to the place, I feel shaky and a bit nervous. What will I be like after all of this is over with? Who will I be? I drive to the mansion, and there are a lot of cars in the parking lot. Most people appear to be well to do. It shocks me that I see much older people coming in and out. Wow! I suppose this place caters to everyone. 

The Lush Factory is a large, white mansion with many pillars and columns. There is a statue in front of the house, holding a bowl of water at the top of her head, with water spurting out. It's beautiful! The gates have lettered writing on it, "THE LUSH FACTORY," and as I slowly drive up, the gates open. 

I observe people as I'm parked somewhere. Many people exit the place looking happy. I turn the radio off, and exit the car. The clacking sounds of my heels make me afraid that I will call attention upon myself. There's a man at the french doors, he smiles and says, "Welcome to The Lush Factory, do you have ID?"

I show him my ID, and he tells me to go inside. It gets warmer. Inside it is loud, due to hundreds of people being in here, and music playing. I'm in a hallway, but to really get inside the house you have to go through another door, where two security guards were standing. 

They were over six feet tall and well muscled. One of them asks me, "Name?"

"Diana Johnson," I answer. 

He looks at his list, "I see, you have an appointment with Mistress," He and the other man step aside, "Go ahead."

I enter, and there's a woman on the side. She's wearing lingerie and angel wings. She's Asian, with exotic skin and beautiful hair that's dyed brown. She smiles, "What's your name?"

"Diana Johnson."

She enters my name into the computer, and says, "Okay, I found you", She faces the computer screen to me, "That's what you have to pay."

I go in my wallet and take out my desired sum, and give it to her. 

"Thank you!" She says counting it, putting it inside the register, "Enjoy your evening here. You can get something to drink at the bar area."

Before I proceed to go over to the large bar area, a tall black man, a Terry Crews look a like, standing in front of a large bin of purses and wallets, tells me to put my purse inside. I asky why, and he says that it is a part of the rules. I put my purse inside, and walk over to the bar area. The mansion is large, and the staircase in the middle is what stops me. The place is windows galore, and there are many rooms that you can go inside. I step into the bar area, and sit down. The bartender asks me what would I like to drink, and I decide on a Pina Colada. 

"You got it!"

An older, handsome man with silver hair wearing a blue suit sits next to me. He smells very good. 

"Hi," He smiles. He's very attractive. 

"Hi."

"First time here?"

"Yeah, you?"

"Oh I've been here before and before again," He drinks the last of his Scotch, "I happen to know the owner."

"Do you?"

"Yes, we go way back."

"Mistress?"

"Yes, that's her. Although she wasn't born with that name."

We both laugh, and he asks me what brings me here. 

"I'm just a little curious, that's all."

"I see. I come here to watch, and sometimes to be serviced by the pretty young girls here. They are amazing. Do you have a boyfriend?"

"Nope. Do you have a girlfriend?"

He laughs, "Well I'm a little old to have a girlfriend am I? I call them lady friends. The answer is no, I'm happily divorced."

"Happily?"

"Yeah. Married for twenty years, three children were born, and it was a living hell. I mean, pure, living, hell!"

"What was so bad about it?" I ask. 

He shakes his head, "Madelyn was a bitch. I suppose it comes with marrying rich girls. There's a little bit of bitch in them."

"Wow."

"Anyway," He caresses my leg, "Let's get out of here. I'll take you to my house, and we'll have the fun of our lives. I'll treat you really good."

I pull away, "No thank you."

"Shy?"

"Maybe so."

He puts his glass on the counter, "Can't be shy." He takes out his wallet, and puts a twenty down, "The lady is paid for," He says before walking away, "Keep the tip."

I take my time with my drink, and glance at the clock. It reads 7:58. Oh my god! I'm almost late for my appointment. I quickly get up, and leave the bar area. I brush through many people, most of them dressing provocatively, or like me; sexy! There is an older woman standing against a wall, with her breasts out of the dress she is wearing. She is holding a glass of wine, and flirting with a younger man. I see everything. As I start going up the stairs, two women come down holding hands. I walk up the stairs very carefully, since I am wearing heels. There are two doors situated on the middle of the hallway. The upstairs is somewhat quiet than down. There are people up there socializing, flirting, and sipping their drinks. There is a handsome man standing on the outside dressed as Adonis, the Greek god. He stands like he is in the military.

"Hi, I'm here to see Mistress.."

"Of course," He opens the door, and gestures for me to go in.

Inside is a beautiful bedroom, decked out in a cheetah rug all around. There is a master bathroom, a sitting area, and a bar area. 

"Like what you see?" The voice is seductive, but it came out of nowhere and scared me. 

I turn around, and before me are three women. The woman in the middle I'm guessing is Mistress, because unlike the two women standing at the side of her, she's dressed like she is dressed to punish. The two other women are naked, and they are wearing choker necklaces. They are very beautiful. One is white with long, blonde hair, and the other is shorter, and biracial looking, with curly hair that is hanging down. 

"Yes, I like what I see."

"Welcome to the lush factory. You're in for a long exciting night. Are you ready??"

"I think so."

"You have to be sure, the ball is in your court."

"Yes, I-I'm sure."

"Looking at you i can tell you're a rookie. You never came here before have you?"

"No I haven't, this is my first time."

"What makes you want to try BDSM?"

"It's a secret turn on for me."

"I see, as it is with mostly everybody. Usually we get very rich clients here, doctors, lawyers, business men and women...what do you do?"

I laugh, "I'm none of those, but I work for a temp agency."

An eyebrow rises, "Good enough, you look like one of those square types..."

"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"

"Depends on how you see things. anyway, these are the rules. You are to call me mistress at all times, if you slip and call me anything but mistress, I will hit you with my fluffer. It'll be light, but it'll sting. If you keep fucking up, then the lashes will get harder. Understood?"

"Yes, mistress."

She smiles, "Ahh! You're learning already. Another thing, anything I tell you to do, you have to do it. So if i tell you to lick my pussy, then you have to obey."

"Okay"

"Have you ever sucked pussy before?"

"No, this is all knew to me. I didn't know i had to do that."

"You didn't read the guidelines?"

"I mean I did...but I didn't know I had to go that far."

"So what now?"

"Maybe this was all a mistake," I turn away to leave, and the two female guards with their breasts exposed get in front of the door, with their backs to each other. 

"Can't leave," one of them says

"Not until Mistress tells you to," the other one comments

I turn around, and Mistress has her arms crossed. She's a white woman, sporting a bob hairstyle, which is jet black, and her piercing green eyes bring out her delicate features, slim nose and pretty lips. She stands at 5'5, and looks a healthy 140 pounds. She's dressed in leather, and is wearing boots even. She looks like a die hard turn on, like she would make any man and woman melt. She's smiling with satisfaction, because the two guards or servants do as she wants them to do. 

"I've got a better idea," she says, "Kara and Tiffany, lead her to the chair in front of the bed."

The two guards, who are both tall females, tower over my short frame, they each take my arms, and lead me to the chair, and I sit down. I'm in front of the bed. I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm already horny. 

"How long do you think she can go without taking her clothes off?" Mistress asks the girls. 

They both look at me, and the black one says, "I don't think she would last, she would soak her dress!"

"Yeah, she wouldn't last a minute," the other one adds.

Mistress turns to me, "So this is the rule...you are not to touch yourself at any time until I tell you to, do you understand?"

"Yes."

A stern look comes on her face," Yes what?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good, shall we begin?" She turns to the two girls, "Make love to Mistress, show me how much you love me."

They both approach her, and the white girl slips her tongue in Mistress' mouth, and they french kiss passionately. The black girl puts her arms around her and kisses her neck. Mistress leans back into the side of the black girls face, and they too, kiss. The white girl plays with Mistress' big breasts, leans down, and puts one into her mouth. I hear nothing but kissing sounds. My pussy begins to throb. If only they could see it. 

"Undress me," Mistress whispers. Something about the way she says that makes me want to join in with them. They slowly undress her, taking their time. I feel like i'm in a live porn flick. I've watched porn many times, but none of them compare to this. They kiss her body as they take her sexy, leather wear off, and her naked body is exposed. The black girl puts her tongue in Mistress' ear, and she croons as she does that, and her eyes are closed, mouth opened, as she is enjoying it. 

The white girl takes her hand, and they all get on the huge bed with the red satin covers, and the tall, square shaped bed post. They both put her nipples in their mouth, and they suck and nibble. I'm dying to touch myself, but I'm afraid if I do, I would receive a serious lashing from Mistress. Maybe she won't see me. But the two girls will, and they'll tell her, whether she saw me or not. No, I won't touch myself, but kitty is screaming at me to pleasure her. My heart is beating very fast. This special feeling I'm getting from between my legs, makes me put my legs together and tighten them to satisfy the feeling. What these beautiful women are doing on the bed excites me. I so badly wish all of them would receive me. I've never been with a woman before in my twenty five years of living, but what I'm seeing now makes me realize what I missed! 
