 She's so beautiful! I look down at her and trace the shapes of her body with my fingertips, the planes of her face, the softness of her red lips in their usual smile, the hills of her breasts, the hard peaks of her erect nipples, the valley of her stomach, the smoothness and softness of her inner thighs. 

Her breathing increases, the tops of her breasts blush, her legs part, my fingers find the smooth, shaved skin of her mound, the deepness and wetness of the slit between her lips, which swell as I stroke them.

She is panting now, but my wet fingers dance away, teasing, tantalizing, plucking a nipple, tracing the contours of her breasts, the shape of her lips. She sucks my fingers, draws them into her mouth, caresses them with her tongue, licks the last vestiges of her juices from them until I withdraw them, kiss my love, let my fingers trail back between her legs, deep into her waiting slit, grazing the delicate winglets and folds of her inner lips, seeking, searching for the depths of her cunt. There, I find it, and insert a finger into its hot, wet depths, then another, making my darling moan and squirm with passion. As my fingers stroke the softness and wetness inside her sheath, I find her G-spot and her back arcs as her climax rolls over her. I kiss my love, she kisses me back as she moans with passion, she hold me tight, but I want more, I want to make love to my darling as she has made love to me. 

But this is getting ahead of myself. To understand the immensity of what has happened, we need to go back to the beginning. 

My name is Audrey Woods, I'm twenty-five years old and recently divorced from my husband of four years because of the inevitable 'irreconcilable differences'. In this case Richard had been a control freak and wanted to have a hand in everything I did, something I just couldn't take any more. Fortunately we had no children so the break-up was relatively straightforward. I have money of my own, there was no alimony involved, so here I am. 

I have shoulder length yellow-gold hair, framing a blue eyed, longish face considered by some to be pretty. I'm five feet eight inches tall, one hundred and twenty pounds and have firm, well-shaped, full breasts. My legs are long and slim but well-muscled.

I've returned to Digby, Nova Scotia, where I was born and brought up, leaving when I was seventeen to attend Carleton University in Ottawa. It was there that I met Richard and where I lived and worked until my return to live in the place of my birth just this week. Unfortunately, apart from some relatives over on the east coast of the province in Halifax, Chester and Lunenburg, I was starting off on my own. Scary, but at the same time exciting.

It was a Saturday morning when I climbed out of my BMW convertible in the driveway of my new house, filled with a combination of excitement and fear. For the first time in four years I was doing something on my own, and while that was very scary it also filled me with a happiness I hadn't known in a very long time. If I'd known what was to come I'd have realized that it was nothing compared to the joy and happiness that were to come. But how could I have known?

I reached into the pocket of my jeans and pulled out my very own front door key, warm from my body heat. It slid into the lock with a clicking of tumblers that seemed to say "Welcome home, Audrey!" and I entered the house in which I was brought up, for the first time since I inherited it after my parents were killed in a car accident a long year ago. 'Were killed', because they died when their car was hit by a drunk driver who crossed the centre line and eliminated their lives.

My shoes clattered on the bare wooden floor and echoed through the hallway. I had had the house cleared of my parents' old and dated furniture after they died and my furniture would not be arriving until Monday, but I couldn't resist coming over to see it. The only articles of furniture were a new fridge, stove, dishwasher, built-in microwave and washer and dryer that an old friend had been kind enough to arrange for and have installed in my absence. I really liked my new kitchen. It was larger than I remembered it and the new stainless steel appliances looked really attractive, as I knew they would. Damn I liked this house, always had!

But first things first. As my fridge was up and running I decided that I might as well fill it. There was a good size Atlantic Superstore just up the road so I got back in my car, left my little house on Queen Street, and within five minutes pulled into the supermarket parking lot, grabbed a cart and started my shopping. It was a nice store, well lit, nice wide aisles but even so, I managed to collide with another shopper making a turn at the end of an aisle. Profuse apologies followed and, as frequently happens in friendly Nova Scotia, where people greet you on the street, even if they don't know you, we started chatting, swapping stories. She was young, beautiful, and I was absolutely captivated by her glorious smile.

Lucie was from Yarmouth, one hundred kilometers down the road, was twenty-two years old and a teller in a local bank, a job that she hated but was a necessary stepping stone for better things, or so she hoped. She had a room in a rooming house, with kitchen privileges, which is why she was here shopping today.

She was a striking girl of about my height and weight, with a beautiful oval face, straight, narrow nose, wide, red lips over shining white teeth all framed by curly, black hair hanging below her shoulders, with firm, pointed breasts, a slim waist and gorgeous legs. But above all, oh above all, she had that smile, the most beautiful smile I'd ever seen, that lit up her whole face and that told me that she was smiling just for me. 

We hit it off immediately and agreed that I would help her home with her groceries, she would help me home with mine and I would then take her out for lunch. 

Her rooming house was nothing much, but it was clean and comfortable and saved her from having to commute two hundred kilometers from and to Yarmouth every day. Horrible thought, though some people did it! She usually went home on weekends, but as today was the first opportunity she'd had to shop that week, she'd stayed in Digby.

She loved my house and when we'd unloaded the groceries I took her on a tour, not that there was much to show - living room, big kitchen, bathroom and two bedrooms, the master with an en-suite bathroom. It's hard to really appreciate a house that has no furniture, but she loved it.

We lunched at a little restaurant on Water Street. This was Nova Scotia, after all, so I had to have fish and definitely some world-famous Digby scallops. It was nice to be home! As we ate, we talked, of course, and learned more about each other. Lucie had been working in Digby for about a year and, as I've already mentioned, didn't like it at all. I sympathized with her as I've had jobs I hated too. There were, and are, more than enough of them to go around! She found Digby boring, still hadn't made any real friends, especially in the rooming house, where most of the roomers were much older than she was.

"Lucie, you're such a beautiful girl, you must have a boyfriend. Are they easy to come by around here?" I asked with a grin.

She blushed. "I don't have a boyfriend, Audrey, so I wouldn't know, and I don't have a boyfriend because I don't like boys." she said quietly.

I thought for a minute and asked "Bad experiences, or are you gay?"

Still blushing, she replied "Gay, Audrey, always have been, I guess. Does it bother you? It does a lot of people."

"No, Lucie, it doesn't bother me. I had quite a few friends in Ottawa who were gay and we got on just fine."

"I'm so glad, Audrey." she replied and reached out to take my hands. "Now tell me all about you. I seem to have done all the talking so far."

"I think I told you I come from Digby. I went away to Carleton University in Ottawa when I was seventeen, got a degree in geology. I met Richard in my second year and we got married right after I graduated. Got a job in the Geological Survey of Canada and that's the thrilling story of the last seven years of my life, at least until Richard and I got divorced three months ago."

"Why did you get divorced?"

"Just didn't work out. Richard was pretty controlling and I wasn't the best wife in the world, just wasn't happy as a wife somehow. But it still took us four years to figure out that we really weren't made for each other and would probably be happier apart than together."

"And is that true, or hasn't it been long enough yet?"

"It's been long enough! I'm amazed at how happy I am. The only thing I miss is the sex."

"My, was it that good? It's been so long since I've had sex I think I'd have to take a refresher course, Lesbian Sex for Dummies!" laughed Lucie.

"I suppose there can't be that many lesbians around here, now you mention it." I grinned.

"If there are, they certainly hide it well." replied Lucie with a sad smile. "Still, it won't be forever. Or at least that's what I keep telling myself. Until then there's Mr. Vibe and my magic fingers."

"I wonder if they're related to mine!" I gasped and we both collapsed, laughing uproariously.

"So, Lucie," I asked, "what time do they roll up the sidewalks here on a Saturday night? It used to be pretty early, I recall."

"Well, if it's a really busy night, maybe midnight!" and we both collapsed in laughter again.

"Listen," asked Lucie, "are you doing anything after lunch? I don't have any plans and if you don't either maybe I can reintroduce you to Digby. By the way, where are you staying?"

"I'm in a motel just up the road. It's very comfortable and it's only for a few days. Monday, with luck, I should be in my house as my furniture is being delivered. As to the rest of today I'd love to spend it with you. My first friend in Digby!" 

We spent the day together, taking in the sights of Water Street and the boardwalk overlooking the harbour. Didn't take long but as it was a beautiful day we ended up sitting on a bench on the harbour front and chatting more, very relaxed and very comfortable in each other's company.

"Audrey," suggested Lucie in the late afternoon, "why don't we go home, doll ourselves up, have some supper and go and wow them at Club 98. A few drinks, maybe a dance or two. Sound like fun?"

"Now you're talking!" I replied eagerly, so that is what we did. Lucie went to her room, I went to to my motel and two transformations took place! I put on my sexiest bra and thong and a pale blue dress with a short, pleated skirt, thigh high nude stockings and pale blue heels. Never know, I might get lucky!

We met outside the restaurant and my jaw dropped when I saw how beautiful Lucie was in a tight, white, sleeveless blouse, short, white skirt, nude stockings and heels. And that smile, lighting up her face and intended only for me.

"Lucie, you're beautiful, absolutely gorgeous!" I gasped.

"Have you looked in a mirror, lately?" asked Lucie in a quiet voice. "I have this thing for tall, slim blondes with lovely tits. Whoops, sorry, my language gets away from me sometimes. If I didn't know you were straight I'd be trying to get into your panties right here and now you look so wonderful. Don't worry, I will behave myself but will you be really mad at me if I give you a little kiss?"

"Of course not, you silly, and I don't mind language, I use it myself sometimes." I smiled. "I think we're going to knock 'em dead tonight!"

We kissed softly, briefly, lips just brushing. It was nice, so companionable. "Time to eat." I said with a smile.

After a light meal we made our way to the Club 98 and found a booth. It was still fairly early but the DJ was already at work and there were a few couples on the floor.

We sat opposite each other and a waitress appeared to take our drink order. Turned out we're both beer drinkers and ordered glasses of Alexander Keith's IPA on tap. How strange that we should both like the same thing.

"Would you dance with me, Audrey?" asked Lucie and we got up and moved around the floor. The music changed to a slow number and we moved closer. I became conscious that our breasts were just touching, rubbing, and I was both embarrassed and turned on at the same time. How strange it felt, though definitely not unpleasant, to dance with a woman.

The music stopped and we broke apart. I was rather flustered from our close contact, but we made our way back to our table. Over the course of the evening we drank several beers, danced a few more times and were asked to dance many times. We had a wonderful time and didn't roll out of the club until well after midnight, walking just a little unsteadily.

As we walked down Water Street, Lucie suddenly stopped, turned, flashed that enormous smile at me and embraced me. "Thank you for a lovely evening, Audrey, that was the most fun I've had since I came up here. I'm going down to visit my mom in Yarmouth tomorrow. If you've got nothing planned, how would you like to come down with me, see some sights on the way. It'll be a good reintroduction to this part of Nova Scotia and I'd love to have your company."

"I'd love to, Lucie! I've had more fun today than I've had in a long time and I feel very relaxed. I thank you for that and I'd love to come with you. Will you pick me up from the motel?"

"Eight o'clock too early? We can stop at Mickey D's or Tim Horton's and get some breakfast on the way out of town."

"Eight o'clock it is. Good night Lucie, thank you so much." I replied.

She pulled me closer, kissed me again, not the chaste kiss of our first effort, this time I felt the tip of her tongue against my lips, her beautiful, soft, red lips pressing against mine. I became aware that a hand was creeping under the hem of my skirt, climbing my leg, over the soft skin where my stocking ends, stroking a smooth, bare cheek, caressing it. I felt excitement in the pit of my stomach, my lips parted to allow her tongue to slip into my mouth and I creamed my panties, not for the first time that evening. I loved it but how much of it was due to the beer, I wondered?

Lucie suddenly broke away with a stricken look on her face, tears in her eyes. "I'm so sorry, Audrey, I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!"

I pulled her head into my neck and stroked her beautifully soft, black hair. "It's okay, Lucie, no harm done, don't think any more about it. Let's go home now and I'll see you at eight."

"Thank you, Audrey, it's your fault anyway for being so cute." whispered Lucie with a giggle, which made me giggle too.

When I got to my room I stripped off my clothes and found, surprise, surprise that my g-string was soaking wet. I was inexplicably excited and obviously had been for most of the evening. I lay on my bed and slid a finger into the deep, wet slit between my swollen, slick lips. I found my clitoris immediately, peeking out from under its fleshy hood, and began to stroke, breathing deeply and moaning quietly, growing in volume and intensity as I rubbed harder while tweaking a nipple with the fingers of my other hand. The sensation in the pit of my stomach grew and grew until I exploded, coating my busy fingers with cum. My God, I was horny, and wondered why.

In her small bed in the rooming house, Lucie was also bringing herself to a noisy peak of pleasure, but unlike Audrey she knew exactly why she was so excited, for the beautiful, blonde had made an enormous impression on her, and her imagination was full of thoughts of the lovely Audrey nestling in her arms. Her moans of passion entertained those of her neighbors who were still awake and who were pleasuring themselves with moans of their own. Eight o'clock next morning I was sitting outside my motel room in the morning sunshine, dressed in a polo shirt and shorts, when Lucie pulled up in her Kia Soul. I climbed in and we drove to Mickey D's, just short of Highway 101 where we enjoyed a good and quick breakfast.

"I thought we'd go down Highway 1, down the French Shore." said Lucie as we were finishing our coffee. "It's a really pretty drive and will give you a chance to see the country of my ancestors. I didn't tell you yesterday, but my surname is Amero. I'm Acadian and I can trace my ancestors right back to the first French landings here in the 17th century. I'm sure you've been to the French Shore many times before, when you were growing up in Digby, but I'd be very pleased and proud to show it to you from my perspective."

Sounded fine to me, so at Exit 28 we turned off 101 onto Highway 1 and started down the lovely drive along the south west Nova Scotia coast, past St. Bernard, with it's enormous, cathedral-like, stone church, Belliveau Cove, with its long, curving, shingle beach on St. Mary's Bay, Church Point, with its enormous, wooden church, St. Mary's, the largest wooden building in North America, the fishing village of Meteghan, the lovely golden sand of Mavillette Beach, Salmon River, Port Maitland, Hebron, Dayton, and finally Yarmouth. What a lovely trip in such beautiful weather. Lucie had taken great pleasure and obvious pride in pointing everything out, and what they meant to her, as we made our way south.

Lucie's mom was a sheer delight, a beautiful woman, a little shorter than her daughter, with strands of grey in her long, curly, black hair. She was very bubbly, with a twinkle in her eye and an excellent sense of humor. Not long after our arrival, Lucie left the room and her mom whispered to me "I don't want to be rude, Audrey, but are you Lucie's new girlfriend?"

I blushed. "No, I'm her friend, not her girlfriend, and yes, she did tell me that she was gay. We only met yesterday, believe it or not, and I'm straight. But I do like her very much, she's a lovely girl."

"I think so," replied Mrs. Amero with pride in her eyes, "She 'came out' to me several years ago and I'm so proud of her for that. She's got a lot of nerve, that girl! Listen, Audrey, please call me Jeanne, will you do that?"

"I'd love to, Jeanne and if it won't embarrass you too much, I can see where Lucie gets her beauty. The two of you could be twins!" at which Jeanne blushed brightly and clasped my hand.

Lucie re-entered the room and we settled in for a delightful visit. We had lunch, during which I recounted my history once again and Jeanne told me all manner of stories about Lucie when she was young, causing Lucie to blush again and again, to yell at her mom to please stop embarrassing her. I felt totally at home, and when it was finally time time to take our leave I had an open invitation to return at any time.

I got a quick tour of Yarmouth, apparently a much quieter town since the high speed catamaran to Portland and Bar Harbor, Maine went out of business a couple of years ago and tourism dropped right off. It was primarily a fishing town, and always had been. 

And then it was over. We found Starr's Road and made the turn onto Highway 101 that would take us back to Digby in quite a bit less time than our trip south. What a lovely day it had been. I told Lucie that I liked her mom very much and looked forward to seeing her again.

"Isn't she great!" replied Lucie with enthusiasm. "I was so scared when I told her I was gay but she was so understanding I felt quite foolish for having doubted her. She's a darling, and she likes you very much too, you know. She doesn't invite many people to come and visit any time."

"And I'll take her up on it too! She's a sweetheart! But Lucie, why is it she never remarried? She's such a beautiful woman, obviously where you get your beauty from, men must be lining up round the block to go out with her."

"I don't know, Audrey, I've often wondered about that myself. I don't think she's even had a boyfriend in all that time. I know I've encouraged her often enough but she doesn't seem to be interested, so I stopped worrying about it. She seems happy and that's all that really matters."
