 How I was transformed into a wild slut.

My husband (Dan) and I (Jackie) had been married for 12 years, he is 48 and I am 44. I am 5'8" tall, with shoulder length auburn hair, 34D breasts that look larger than they are with my tiny waist. I weigh 128 pounds and exercise at least 3 times a week. My husband has and a nice 8" cock that he enjoys using on me.

It all started when my husband's company decided to transfer him. We moved from a small town where everyone knew everyone to Washington D.C. When we first moved to D.C. we deceided to rent an apartment until we became familiar with the area and could find time to look for a house.

My first week in D.C. and I was stuck with unpacking and moving us into the apartment while Dan was at work. Dan gave me a call on the second day and asked me to meet him for lunch with his boss. I decieded to wear a nice skirt with a tank top to show off my figure with 3" heels. I met Dan and his boss Alan at a Pub right around the corner from their office. Little did I know how attractive Alan would be. As I sat next to Alan I learned that his wife Ellen dabbled in real estate. He called her on his cell phone and asked her if she would show me some houses. I was really shocked at how nice Alan and his wife Ellen seemed to be and Dan thought that this would be great since he would be working such long hours over the next several weeks.

Ellen was to meet me at the apartment tomorrow at 11:00 to take me to several new neighborhoods that were being developed. I decieded to dress in a knee legneth blue dress with white pantihose and blue 3" heels. When she knocked on my door I about fell over with how beautiful she was. She could have been a model for Playboy. She looked to be about 32 years old and about 5'10" with long blonde hair, her breast had to have been at least a 38D with a waist smaller than mine. She was wearing a short black miniskirt and a tight white blouse with black stockings and 5" heels. I was completely mesmerized. After we spoke for a little while and she got a feel for what Dan and I were looking for in a house we left for a subdivision that she thought would suit us. The whole time she was driving I couldn't help but stair at her legs wondering if she was wearing stockings or pantihose. Well when we arrived at the first house, she answered my quesion when she got out of her Jag, stockings attached by a black garterbelt. Though I have never had a lesbian experience, I could feel my panties starting to get moist. As I followed Ellen to the front door of the house I couldn't help but stair at her nice ass and shapely legs. I wondered how she learned to walk so well in such high heels. I felt like what I was wearing would be more appropriate on an old lady going to a funeral than me, but I wasn't sure if I could wear an outfit like Ellen's.

Ellen opened the house and it was a nice 4 bedroom 3 bath 2 story house. I could not help stareing up Ellen's dress as she walked up the stairs. About half way up the stairs I noticed that Ellen could see me stairing up her dress from the mirror at the end of the hallway. I was so embrassassed. Ellen never said anything, she just kept walking around the house showing me room by room. However, I did notice that she seemed to be looking me over more and more. When we arrived in the Master bedroom, she sat edge of the bed, letting her dress ride up on her thighs showing her garters and the tops of her stockings. She looked over at me and asked "Do you like what you see?", she knew I did. Then Ellen told me that if I wanted my husband to have a successful career that I would listen and obey. And without another word she motioned me to sit beside her on the bed. Ellen told me that she knew that I had been looking at her since the moment she walked into the apartment and that she knew that I was extremely wet. With that she reached under my dress and felt the dampness in my panties. I was so horny that I wanted to play with myself right then and there. Ellen gently raised my head and we kissed for the first time. Slowly at first, then Ellen began to french me causing me to become extremely wet. By now we are rolling on the bed and Ellen is squeezing my breasts. I had never been this horny, she placed my hand on my pussy and had me rub myself while she played with my nipples in her other hand. Ellen said "you are soooo horny aren't you? You will do whatever I want you to won't you?" I moaned "yes, whatever you want me to do I will". When I said that, all of a sudden she stopped. Ellen got off the bed and told me to kneel in front of her. I did as I was told, kneeling in front of her and then she asked "So did you enjoy that? Yes of course you did, now, you will do as I say and lift my skirt and lick my pussy". I had never done anything like that before, my hands were shaking as I lifted her skirt, I was shocked, Ellen wasn't wearing any panties and her pussy was completely shaved. She gradually spread her legs as I lapped at her clit. Ellen grabbed my head and forced it into her stomach so that my tongue would penitrate her pussy. When I got my first taste of her sweet juices I thought that I would pass out. I never knew that a woman could taste so good. Ellen was by now thrashing around and ended up on the floor where I could continue to eat her sweet pussy. I would slide my tongue over her clit and gently pull on it while sucking and I knew that she was going crazy. Ellen began to yell "I'm cummmming, I'm cummming, don't stop, keep sucking my pussy" By now my pussy was on fire. I thought that Ellen was going to give it some relieve when she got up off and got a vibrator out of her purse. It was only 5" long, but the girth was about 3". There was no way that was going in my tight pussy. Ellen told me "take down your pantyhouse and spread your legs." I did as I was told and Ellen slowly worked the vibrator into my wet pussy. God I had never been stretched like this. Then she had me pull my pantyhose up and straighten my dress out. I started to ask her "what the hell are you doing to me?", when she said "be quiet, this is for your husband's career and you know that you will enjoy it too. Now we are about to go shopping. I am going to teach you how to dress your part"

On the drive to the mall, Ellen would turn the remote control on the vibrator on low, just enough to get me on the edge of cumming then she would turn it off. I was not able to concentrate on where we were going because I was more worried about my panties soaking through my dress. I had a bad feeling that Ellen wanted to humiliate me and knew that I would give in to her every command just to help my husband.

Once we got to mall, Ellen said "you will try on anything that I bring you and you will come out and model it for me to see, do you understand?" I said "yes" Our first stop was a dress shop that look like the local high school hang out for girls. When we went in, she grabbed a short dress that look to be made for a teenager and said "try it on, but remove your pantyhose and panties". I went into the dressing room and just as I was taking my dress off, I felt the vibrator come on. "Ohhhhhh Godddd, she can't be doing this to me" I thought, I was just about to cum and started to play with myself when she opened the curtain and brought me two more outfits. I manage to get the dress on and it barely covered my pussy, my breast had stretched the top the its limits and on top of that it was sheer. When I left the dressing room, I could not find Ellen. I walked all over the store while people stared at me. Finally I found her at the front of the store. She had me turn around and then when I thought that I would be allowed to return to the dressing room, she dropped her watch and told me to pick it up. At this time, my pussy stuffed with the vibrator was on full view for anyone walking by the store to see. I felt so embarrassed that I wanted to leave, but I knew that I couldn't. What if she told her husband, or my husband, she could ruin our lives and Dan's career. I went back to the dressing room and tried on a latex micro mini that I ended up buying along with a very short dress that was sheer. Ellen made me wear the short sheer dress out of the store without any panties and no bra. I was scared that the vibrator would fall out I was so wet so I had to walk very careful. Next, Ellen said that I needed some shoes to show off my sexy legs in, we went to The Wild Pair and she picked out a pair of 6" stilettos. I told her that their was no way that I would be able to walk in them, but she told me to be quiet and that I would learn soon enough. When the salesman brought the shoes out, I could see that he was trying to look up my very short skirt, when he went back to get the next size smaller, Ellen told me to spread my legs for him so that he could see my pussy. When he came back, I did as I was told and the salesman turned a bright red along with getting a very nice erection. At this point, Ellen had the vibrator on a medium setting that was driving to the point that I would have taken the salesman right there on the spot. After the shoe purchase, we went to Frederick's where she made me buy a couple of garters and stockings to match. Next it was off to Ellen's car. On the way home, she told me that she had fun looking at houses and that we will have to continue tomorrow. She dropped me off and told me to wear the micro mini and a tight latex tank top shirt with my stockings, garterbelt, and heels. As she reached across and kissed me she removed the vibrator from my pussy and made me lick it clean. While I sat at home rethinking the days events I could not help but play with myself. When Dan got home he asked how my day was and I told him that I had a wonderful time and that Ellen and I will be looking some more tomorrow, the rest of the evening was a blur.

The next morning, I got a call from Ellen saying that before I get dressed I will need to shave my pussy smooth, I had never done this before, but I knew that if I didn't that I would pay the price. As I showered, I began shaving my pussy, first a little at a time, then I took the remainder of the hair off, God did it feel nice and smooth, I couldn't keep my hands off of it. When I got out of the shower, I put the stockings and garterbelt on, then I put the skirt on. It seemed like the skirt was a size smaller than what I tried on so I took it off and looked at the tag. It was a misses size 4. The one that I had tried on was a misses size 6. Ellen must have changed it on me when I was trying the other dress on. This dress was tighter and about an inch shorter. There was no way that I could leave the apartment and look at houses looking like this. I didn't have time to go and exchange it, besides, I didn't even know where the mall was. Ellen called and said that she would be by to pick me up in 10 minutes. I quickly put on my makeup and my heels and tried to walk in them. The highest heel that I had ever worn prior to this was a 3" heel and this was a big difference. I looked like a complete slut, my skirt wasn't long enough to cover the tops of my stockings and if I sat down you would be able to see my pussy. I didn't want to go anywhere, I just wanted to go back home.

When Ellen arrived I invited her in. She looked so sexy wearing a short latex mini skirt with a matching long sleeved straight jacket top. She was wearing stockings and a pair of 5" heels, I wanted to drop to my knees and start licking her, but Ellen had other things in mind. She said "turn around and model your outfit for me" I did as she instructed and when I came back around as was facing her she told me to bend over and touch my toes. When I did this, I could feel the cool air across my ass and pussy, then I felt Ellen rubbing something along my slit. I was already wet, but this was just driving me wild, slowly she would rub my slit, I looked down to see a large dildo. Then she produced a type of g-string panty that the dildo was placed on. Then she had me pull the panties on, as the dildo came closer to my pussy, Ellen put a little lube on the tip of the dildo and inserted it into my pussy. The dildo felt great, it was probally about 8" long and 1.5" in diameter. With the panties on, the dildo was in me to the hilt. Ellen then told me to walk around the apartment. It was very difficult to walk in the heels, especially with this dildo up me, but after about 15 minutes I lost all ambitions and began moaning "Oh God this feels good, please let me cum, please let me cum" I begged. Ellen just smiled and told me that if I was good that she would see to it that I would recieve some form of pleasure today. I did not want to go anywhere in public looking like this. Everyone that would see me would think that I was a hooker or a slut. I certainly looked like one.

As I got into Ellen's Jag, I felt like everyone was watching me, even though no one was around, my pussy was on full display as I sat down, and the dildo was not helping me to move very gracefully. When Ellen started the car I asked where we were going and she told me to a house that a friend of hers named Susan was going to meet us at. The house was still being lived in, but the owners were out of town and didn't mind people seeing it. Pulling up, the house was well off of the main road, it didn't even look like a house, more like a mansion. There was another car at the front of the house and Ellen said that Susan was already there. As I got out of the car, I felt the dildo rubbing me and causing me to get wet again, I really had to focus on walking between the heels and the dildo, I was a wreck. But I was glad that Ellen didn't have me out in public like this. Susan opened the door and I felt my pussy get wet, she was stunning, about 36 years old, 5' 6" with nice firm 36 DD breast that were covered in a see thru silk blouse and a tight mini skirt that showed a lot of her nylon covered legs. Her heels were 5" with medal buckles on the sides and locks in them. As Ellen introduced us, she said "Jackie is new in town and her husband is a new officer with Alan's company. I am helping them find the right house, but also I am helping her become the perfect corporate wife". Susan took me by the hand and started telling me about the house. As we walked from room to room, I noticed that Ellen was not with us, when I asked, Susan told me that Ellen would rejoin us soon. The house was very nice and tastefully decorated. It seemed a little too much for Dan and I, but it was fun to look at anyway. Susan led me into the Master bedroom and was showing me around when I noticed a door in the closet. I asked her "what is that for?" She said "that it was a passage way into a special room that the owners had custom built". I asked "Can we go in?" Susan said "Yes, but it could lead to things that you are not ready for. Are you sure that you want to see this room?" Now she had me curious and the dildo in my pussy was not helping me think straight either. I told her "yes I want to see the room". Susan opened the door and we walked down a short hallway and then down a curved staircase that lead to what looked like a ordinary basement door. She opened the door and I realized that this was no ordinary basement. The room was full of bondage equipment, things that I had never seen or thought possible. Their were straps, harnasses, their was a shelf with what appeared to be 20 or so different dildo's and vibrators. The walls were painted a dark red and the floor was heavily padded with different openings in the floor to allow different attachments to anchor to the floor. Susan let me look around for a little while and then asked "are you glad that you came down here?" I told her "if Dan and I were going to buy the house, we would want to see all of it, but Dan would never go for this". She then asked if it made me if all of the dildos made me excited, I could not lie they did. With that Ellen appeared in a latex cat suit with a whip in her hand. Ellen said "Jackie will be our little slave today won't you Jackie?" I didn't answer because I was still overwhelmed with everything in the room. Ellen asked me again and this time cracked the whip. I said "yes ma'am". "Now lay down on this table and spread your legs" commanded Ellen. As I laid down, Susan pulled my g-string with the dildo attached to it out of me. My pussy made a slurping sound because I was so wet. Susan then took her dress off and put a g-string harnass on. She pointed to the shelf and said "which one do you want to try first?" I was so embarrassed that I pointed to a small blue dildo that looked to be about 5" long and about 2" thick. Susan inserted the base into her harnass and then she leaned over me and started to tweak my nipples through my dress. When they were nice and hard, she bent over and started to suck them. While she was doing this, I could feel the dildo touching my inner thighs, then she started moving the dildo over my wet slit. I wanted her to fuck me with that so bad I started to beg "Please fuck me, Please fuck me, I need that plastic cock up me" with that Susan inserted the dildo up me slowly, "Oh GOODDDD THAT FEELS SOOOOO GOOD, FASTER, FASTER, PLEASE FUCK ME FASTER" I didn't know what I was saying, but I knew that what Susan was doing to my pussy was driving me crazy. I was cumming with every stroke it seemed like. I was just on the edge of a major orgasism when Susan stopped fucking me. She pulled the dildo out and walked around to my face. She said "suck my cock you slut" I was shocked that she would talk to me this way, but I knew that by the way I was dressed she was right. I sucked my juices off of the dildo and gave her the best blow job I thought possible. While I was doing this, Ellen had gotten a bigger dildo from the shelf and had put it on her harness. This dildo was about 10" long and at least 3" thick. I had never had anything that big in my pussy before. I was having a hard time sucking Susan and thinking about that big dildo going in me. Ellen had the tip of the dildo right at the entrance to my pussy, she spread my lips with her fingers and gently rubbed my clit, I knew that I was getting wetter and wetter. While she was doing this, I could feel her inching the big dildo into my tight pussy. Slowly she pushed until it felt like it was all the way up me. Then she slowly worked a piston motion on me. In and out, in and out, real slow so that I could feel the artificle veins and the big head of this cock. I was being stretched to the limit and I wanted more. Susan and Ellen ended up fucking me with every dildo on the shelf. We spent the entire day in the basement. I could not even tell you how many times I came. I know that when we went to leave, I could barely stand up and walk, especially in my heels.