 Early 2009 was a strangely frustrating time for Nikki Sanderson as she was feeling really pissed off with her life even though she was quite busy and making good money. Her numerous boyfriends had so far never seemed to quite gel with her and she had struggled to really enjoy her time with them as much as she had hoped it might being a true romantic. 

She couldn't put her finger on the problem which made her so irritated but something was missing. At the time she couldn't even share these issues with her close friend and fellow actress Tiny O'Brien either as Tina was engrossed in her new baby and wasn't available as much as in the past for their usual girlie chats.

Nikki had always enjoyed a strong sex drive and she'd lost her virginity soon after becoming an actress. Although she'd had numerous liaisons with lads and had plenty of sex, there just seemed to be something missing and Nikki had learnt to be careful when she followed her quest for her "missing link" that she didn't get compromised by the media pack who liked to follow her every movement. These parasites had caused enough trouble making up stories about her life even though 99% were untrue but there was no recourse to any regulator for her and her friends as it was and still is seen as part of the job in show business.

Since she'd left Coronation Street in 2005 she'd done quite a few TV roles including one in 2006 where she appeared tastefully naked in a short drama called "Strictly Confidential". Her latest role in another British soap "Heartbeat" ended in 2008 and it was not until 2009 when she was been offered a part in a US film "Boogeymen 3" that her sex life suddenly changed in a big way. 

In Boogeyman 3 she played Audrey which meant Nikki had to be naked again, albeit not showing a lot again. Being filmed naked with a large film crew watching was somewhat embarrassing for Nikki but she was surprised to get quite turned on as the film crew were just gazing at her tits and shaved pussy and it took far longer than it should to film the short clip as the crew seemed to find reasons to keep the session going so she would be naked for longer in front of them all.

One of the two personal assistants / make-up girls, Tracy, befriended Nikki as she recognised that the 25 year old English girl was a little out of her depth in the hectic life of Los Angeles (LA) even though she'd been around the block in Britain. LA was so different from England. Although Nikki had not noticed it Tracy was a lesbian and fancied Nikki like mad, and the other girl in her crew, Chandra, shared Tracy's passion and they had made it their goal in the near future to make love to Nikki before the film was completed and she returned to the UK.

It was after the main filming involving Nikki was over and she was at a loose end that Tracy and Chandra made their move and suggested to Nikki that they might go out and experience something of what only LA can offer and Nikki was up for that as she was bored just hanging out in her Bonaventure Hotel room. "Get yourself "glammed up" babe and let's see what LA can do for a pretty English girl." Tracy encouraged Nikki with a hug. "Don't wear too much babe as it's very hot at night this time of year - See you soon darling." Tracy flounced out skipping slightly as she knew their little plan was about to start.

Nikki had long shower, touched up her make-up and slipped on a red mini dress and just white panties and nothing else. She wore red flat slip-on shoes to match her dress and little matching red handbag / purse. She was ready and met Tracy and Chandra in the foyer. They were right it was still over 80 degrees and quite humid as they went outside to the cab rank.

"There's an English lady just down a couple of blocks who's a big fan of Coronation Street and would love to meet you," said Tracy and they set off in a taxi and stopped outside this rather smart apartment block. They were buzzed into the block after pressing the call button to the apartment and took the lift to the 6th floor which was like a penthouse.

Nikki was quite taken aback when this dark haired woman in her 50s opened the door as Nikki thought she knew the lady from somewhere and she was racking her brain as to where she'd seen this woman before. Like a bolt out of the blue it suddenly came to Nikki, she'd seen her in porn movies. Her host was none other than Magdalene St Michaels - a lesbian porn star.

"I recognise you from porn movies don't I?" Nikki stammered in her Lancashire accent and Magdalene just nodded and took Nikki by the hand and led her over to the sofa and motioned her to sit down. 

"I really miss Coronation Street (Corrie) and UK television being here in LA and I've never met anyone from Corrie before and I must admit I used to love your character Candice." What Magdalene really meant was she fancied Nikki like mad and this was her chance.

They all sat down and chatted over a few glasses of Zinfandel and Nikki was relaxing talking to this lovely lady. Tracy and Chandra were getting quite excited as things were going to plan. They were pleased that Nikki hit it off with Magdalene and she was intrigued as well, as she'd never met a porn star before as it was less of a main stream business in England than here in California where porn is big business.

Magdalene was 52 and quite old for a porn star but that was what the market called for. She was 5ft 7" tall and black haired with a fuller figure but slim for her age. Magdalene was very popular and she loved the life, especially when fucking lovely nubile young girls and getting paid for it as well. Magdalene is a lesbian in real life and prefers making the lesbian films but she does many other films with men as well and has enjoyed some momentous moments in her relatively short porn career.

Lovely naïve Nikki was missing all the signs as Magdalene, Tracy and Chandra kept looking knowingly at each other biding their time, but Magdalene was a professional with girls and she just loved the challenge of seducing a straight actress into her lesbian world especially a relatively famous one like Nikki Sanderson and she was also English which turned her on even more.

"The girls were telling me how the film crew kept you naked on set for a long time last week," she smiled at the girls. "They like to perv all the naked young actresses which I guess is normal but you have to check that none of them was taking explicit photos which they like to sell on". Nikki was taken aback as she'd not realised that this could have happened and the studio hadn't warned her either.

"Anyway Nikki sweetheart," Magdalene stood up and went over to Nikki's chair and knelt in front of her with her hands on Nikki's knees gently pushing them slightly apart, getting a quick glimpse of Nikki's white panties at the same time. "Have you ever had sex with a woman Nikki?" she asked. 

"Err no," Nikki replied "Why?" Nikki's mind was ticking over like mad now as she realised that a professional lesbian porn star was kneeling on front of her asked about lesbian sex. "Oh shit" she thought but she had no time to do anything about it. Magdalene was looking deep into Nikki's eyes and she picked up the positive reaction straight away. Nikki's cheeks were reddening and her neck was also red which told Magdalene that this girl was tempted and all she needed to do was keep up the pressure. 

"Nikki" she looked straight into Nikki's eyes again whilst stroking Nikki's thighs," I want to fuck you Nikki and you know Tracy and Chandra fancy you like mad as well don't you?" Nikki was taken aback as she looked at all three of them as they smiled knowingly at her. "We all want to fuck you darling."

It finally dawned on Nikki why they had come to this apartment. How naïve she had been not noticing the signs before which were obviously there but she had not picked up on any of it. She was lost for words as the whole scenario had been staged by the three of them to get her here and now their intent was clear.

"You want to have sex with me?" she asked rather stupidly as her mind was a whirl. She was not quite sure what they had in mind but she'd seen girl on girl porn films before and now she was the target of three lesbians who fancied her.

"You bet! Yes please," they begged and Magdalene pulled Nikki off her seat "Come on sweetheart, we'll do all the work." Nikki had no time to say no or yes.

They moved Nikki across the room over in front of two large mirrors which were on either wall so you could see your reflection both back and front at the same time, and she didn't struggle as the two younger girls slowly stripped Nikki naked making sure she could see everything they were doing to her in the mirrors. Nikki was really shaking now as she stood naked in front of three girls.

Nikki is 5ft 4" tall, slim with small breasts and a diamond stud in her navel. She has waxed her pussy for quite a while and has no hair at all around the seductive crease hiding her pussy.

They took Nikki through into the bedroom where they asked her to lay on her back on the white sheets with her head on the pillow. Nikki duly obliged shaking with anticipation and a little scared at the same time. Now it was Magdalene's turn as she took over. She took Nikki's arms and held them above her head above the pillow and she asked the girls to hold them there. They happily obliged as Magdalene opened Nikki's legs wide apart before she opened up Nikki's pussy exposing her wet labia lips. She took hold of these and opened them wide exposing Nikki's pink wet flesh and her prominent clitoris. Magdalene pushed two her fingers as deep as they could go into her open sex.

Nikki Sanderson was now totally naked on her back on the white sheets of the bed in the LA apartment, her legs spread wide open with Magdalene's fingers thrusting in and out of Nikki's wet pussy, Magdalene was hooking her fingers to maximise G Spot pleasure as she licked and sucked Nikki's clitoris. The effect of this exquisite treatment on Nikki was almost instantaneous as she came very quickly indeed. Nikki was in absolute heaven as her orgasm grew and grew in intensity almost making her pass out in her ecstasy. The sheer gut-wrenching power of the orgasms she experienced caused Nikki's whole body to go into an orgasmic spasm as she jerked from head to toe almost leaving the bed as the orgasm ripped her apart.

Magdalene stopped licking Nikki's clitoris and was handed a magic wand vibrator by Chandra which she held against Nikki's swollen clitoris whilst she kept up the finger fucking keeping the English girl cumming hard and eventually it happened, Nikki squirted a small stream from her pussy into Magdalene's face and Magdalene was delighted.

Keeping Nikki's hands out of the way hardly mattered now so Tracy and Chandra stripped naked themselves and climbed alongside Nikki on the bed. They caressed Nikki's naked body while she was still cumming hard from Magdalene's exquisite treatment enhancing her pleasure to even higher levels as Nikki squirted again, screaming in her ecstasy. Tracy climbed up and over Nikki face and placed her open pussy on Nikki's mouth. She was absolutely delighted when Nikki started licking her and Nikki brought her hands to open Tracy's pussy up even more and licked her pussy until she quickly came herself dripping her juices on Nikki's face. Now it was Chandra's turn as both Magdalene and Tracy stopped their treatment of Nikki and let Chandra take over.

In a lovely 69 position Nikki made Chandra cum very quickly and Nikki was amazed how relaxed and easy she now was being with three women and lesbian fucking. Trying to concentrate on licking a girls pussy while cumming herself took some doing but she succeeded by the noise coming from Chandra. This lesbian sex is what she'd been seeking and at last she'd found her true sexual preference.

Magdalene was now naked and she insisted that Nikki make her cum. By now Nikki was more than happy to oblige and she was absolutely delighted when she made Magdalene cum in only a few minutes of pussy licking and finger fucking.

Nikki was almost exhausted but the three girls weren't finished with her yet. They tied Nikki's naked body by her wrists and ankles to the corner posts of the bed face up on the bed spread-eagled and unable to move then used the Invader fucking machine with a huge black 8" latex dildo head which was clamped to the bottom of the bed then they fucked her brains out whilst they vibrated her clitoris with the magic wand for another 30 minutes of pure unadulterated orgasmic heaven for Nikki. Nikki lost count of how many times she came in the four hours she was with the women that evening but suffice it to say she had had her brains fucked out and she was a completely sexually satisfied woman as they took her back to her hotel.

In the years since that amazing time for Nikki she has broadened her sexual horizons and tried more bondage and group sex with both girls and men and, , on other trips to California, was even brave enough to take part in a gangbang with four huge black studs who introduced her to anal sex as well.

Back in Britain she introduced her friend Tina O'Brien to lesbian sex at a brothel just for girls in Cheshire UK and Tina and Nikki now enjoy lesbian sex together without anybody knowing.

Nikki Sanderson certainly now knows how to enjoy sex.