 Alexa "Lexi" Carmichael was enjoying her evening out, at a costume party to promote the new computer game her company was about to release. But she felt she was being watched. It didn't make her anxious but strangely she found it arousing. Lexi scanned the room trying to find who was watching her, no-one looked to be paying her any more attention than a 5'6" slim blonde with c cup breasts, striking silver eyes and a smile that made hearts race. Lexi had chosen an unusual profession, one which was very much male dominated, she had to be 3 times better than her male counterparts to get promoted and she was. Even if she could see who was staring at her she couldn't discover who they were as everyone was wearing superhero costumes, in honor of the release of "League of Superheroes'" Lexi decided to relax and let her imagination wander. 

Lexi's date, a good male friend, Steve, was just a rouse as no one she worked with knew she was lesbian. A lesbian in a male dominated industry got less promotion and good jobs than woman. Steve had gone to get Lexi a drink and she was standing beside a window, when the drapes closed right behind her. Suddenly the lights go out, a few woman scream, and then a hand clamps over Lexi's mouth. She panics for a second but does not feel threatened, so she relaxes and realizes the leather clad hand covering her mouth is that of a woman. The woman pulls Lexi against her body, her hand still covering Lexi's mouth; Lexi feels her warm moist breath against her ear as her captor whispers, "Meow," nibbles on her earlobe and says in a voice that seems to purr, "Well, well, well what do we have here? If it isn't my sexy nemesis; bat girl. Where is your bat freak not that it matters, I am still going to have you bat girl." Spinning Lexi around to face her, her captor kisses her passionately using her tongue to invade Lexi's mouth. Their tongues duel in battle heroine versus villain each fighting for control. 

The lights come back on, Lexi opens her eyes, expecting to see who was kissing her but no one is nearby, and she is shocked. Could she have fantasized it all? Laughing under her breath to herself she thinks I must be so horny I am dreaming up fantasy girls. Batman aka Steve comes back with her drink and she sips it only half listening to what he is saying. She is still thinking about that kiss. She makes the rounds of the room, talking to important clients, her bosses and colleagues. Batman ever the gentleman and takes care of her every whim.

As Steve goes to get her another drink, again the lights go out and again a female hand clamps over her mouth. The warm moist breath tickles her ear again as her captor whispers into her ear "I saw you looking for me bat girl, did you miss me?" Lexi nods her head yes. Her captor smiles against her ear and rewards her by kissing and nibbling her earlobe and neck. "You want me to kiss you again, don't you bat girl?" Again Lexi nods her head yes. Lexi's captor pushes her against the wall, a little rough, then removes her hand from Lexi's mouth and captures Lexi's mouth with hers kissing hard, possessing her as her hand and claws squeeze her butt pulling her closer. Her ripped, leather clad thigh slides between Lexi's legs parting them to rub against Lexi's kitty as she takes possession of Lexi's mouth. Her breast and tummy pushed hard against Lexi pinning her to the wall in an inescapable embrace. Not that I want to escape Lexi thinks to herself. The kiss ends and she bites Lexi's neck hard and whispers in her ear. 

"Purrrrr bat girl, you are my sex slave, I will be back to claim my prize soon." Still drowning in the passion of that kiss Lexi can't disagree she is this mystery woman's sex slave. The lights come back on and Lexi opens her eyes to find herself against the wall, slightly flushed and still reeling from her nemesis' attack. Her nemesis has again disappeared leaving Lexi wondering if it was all her imagination again. Her hand goes to her neck were she bit and it still smarts from her teeth and Lexi know it is not her imagination. 

Lexi's panties are very wet from the secret attacks. Batman arrives back at Lexi's side unaware of the passionate onslaught she had just enjoyed. She smiles at him and accepts the drink as her eyes scan the room more intently for her secret desire, nodding her head pretending to listen to batman's conversation. Lexi's mind wanders to who was in the cat woman costume? How does she know when the lights will go out? And how does she disappear before they come back on? Lexi excuses herself and goes to the bathroom. As she walks back from the bathroom a door pops open and someone clamps their hand over her mouth and pulls her into a small dark supply closet. Lexi knows that it is her cat woman and excitement tingles through her body as she pulls Lexi against her and whispers in Lexi's ear, her warm moist breath caressing Lexi's neck and ear, "Bat girl, my naughty little slut, are you still moist for me my pretty?" Lexi feel her run her hands up her arms holding them above her had she cuffs Lexi. "Now my sexy little heroine, you are my captive and there is no escaping from my tongue and fingers." Lexi lets out a moan of pleasure as her captor's hands trace over her body, caressing her boobs before moving lower. Lexi wished it wasn't so dark in here; Lexi longs to watch her, see her face as she tantalizes her body. Lexi's dress is around her waist exposing her breasts to her attacker's mouth and hands. The domineering Cat woman moans as she feels, then cups them in her hands and then purrs as she takes one nipple in her mouth. She is gentle at first kissing and sucking and flicking it with her tongue. Her hand has slid down Lexi's body and up the inside of her thigh, her hand under Lexi's skirt she reaches Lexi's now soaked panties. 

Lexi hears people walking by outside and wonders if they can hear her moans; cat woman didn't lock the door. Cat woman starts rubbing your kitty through your wet panties rubbing harder and faster she starts biting and scraping her teeth on the nipple she has in her mouth. Lexi realizes she doesn't care who hears as cat woman teases an orgasm out of her. She slides two of her leather clad fingers into Lexi's panties and squeezes her clit with them. The leather pulling on her clit feels so erotic, Lexi is getting louder now so cat woman stops sucking on her nipple and captures Lexi's mouth with hers swallowing all Lexi's screams and pants she uses her free hand to tease Lexi's nipples their bodies grinding together as she tugs on Lexi's clit while her mound is grinding against Lexi's mound, humping. Lexi knows she isn't as unaffected by this as she seems to be. Lexi cums all over her hand and she brings the hand to Lexi's faces so she can enjoy the taste of her own cum as they both lick it off of her hand. Cat woman uncuffs Lexi and leans her over a bench her butt in the air, she pulls down Lexi's panties, she slaps Lexi's sexy butt hard then leans forward and whispers in her ear as she nibbles. "I wonder if bat freak knows what a little slut you are for me bat girl?" She doesn't wait for an answer just spreads Lexi's thighs and licks and sucks the cum from her kitty. Her tongue darting and dancing over Lexi's clit then sliding inside to lick out all the cum, making sure to lick Lexi's g spot well, one hand slapping Lexi's sexy ass occasionally as she does. Cat woman bites Lexi's thigh and growls as she buries her face into Lexi's cunt, sucking her clit into her mouth flicking it with her tongue and grazing it with her teeth until Lexi cums all over her face. She licks Lexi clean and then spanks her sexy ass coming up behind, Lexi realize she has a strap on dildo on as she slides into her. Lexi moans as it gets driven deep into her, she puts one hand in the middle of Lexi's back and holds her down as she slaps her butt with the other hand. She bites Lexi's back and neck as she drives the strap on into her harder and faster, whispering to her "You like that, bat girl you little slut, don't you?" Catwoman hisses in Lexi's ear. You can do nothing but lie their biting your lips so you don't scream in ecstasy, being taken by a woman you don't know. She slaps Lexi's butt hard as Lexi explodes in a fierce orgasm, Lexi can do nothing but lie over the bench exhausted. She hears movement behind her but is to cum drunk to see what is going on. Finally Lexi snaps out of it and turns to find out who cat woman is, but she is gone. Damn, she thinks to herself, will I ever find out who she is? Lexi dresses herself and sneaks back to the bathroom to make herself look respectable. She smiles in the mirror as she notices how well fucked she looks. Her cheeks are flushed, her eyes are dewy, her nipples are hard, her pussy is wet and her butt is tender. 

Lexi goes back to the room and finds her date. "There you are." he says. 

Lexi smiles and say "Sorry someone grabbed me for a quick discussion." The night continues and Lexi sits down to eat dinner, her bosses and 2 important clients are sitting at her table. She is making conversation with them but still cannot stop thinking about cat woman. The food is put on the table and Lexi feels a leather clad hand with claws on her thigh, she jumps slightly but make an excuse. Oh my god, she think to herself, cat woman is under the table. What is she going to do? The leather clad hands spreads Lexi's legs and the claws carefully cut her panties off. Lexi is very nervous but doesn't show it, she think to herself, oh my god she is going to finger me here with my boss, date and clients at the same table. Claws were dragged across Lexi's soft smooth sensitive thighs as she struggle not to moan and just when Lexi thinks she is going to slip a finger into her wet aching cunt, Lexi feels her warm breath on her thigh. Her tongue slides over Lexi's pussy and she lets out a purr just loud enough for Lexi to hear. Lexi is struggling not to moan as she is hopeless to stop cat woman from enjoying her pussy, Lexi spreads her legs wider and subtly enjoys the inevitable. She bites Lexi's cunt, sucks and licks and tongue fucks Lexi to an orgasm, Lexi digs her fingernails into her palm as she is forced to silently enjoy one of the best orgasms she has ever had, whilst being a part of the conversation. After a few minutes recovery Lexi drops her napkin and bends over to pick it up looking for her cat woman, She isn't there. How does she keep disappearing Lexi wonders? Then Lexi notices a note sitting on her lap and casually reads it under the table. 

It reads "Bat girl - my slave come to me. Excuse yourself and come on to the balcony." 

Lexi dutifully excuses herself, needing more of cat woman, and walks on to the balcony. A woman clad in a black leather cat woman costume grabs her and pulls her behind the plants in a corner, where the two could have some privacy. She smiles at Lexi and says "I knew you couldn't resist me bat girl." She kisses Lexi passionately and Lexi kisses her back trying to remove her mask. Cat woman takes Lexi's hands in hers and and rubs her hands over Lexi's body. Lexi submits to her as cat woman kisses and bites Lexi's neck and slides her hand into Lexi's torn panties, Lexi lets out a moan as cat woman starts rubbing her clit whispering in her ear and biting her earlobe. "Your just my dirty little slut aren't you bat girl?" Biting Lexi's neck hard she purrs against her ear "you are going to give yourself to me aren't you bat girl?" Cat woman is fingering Lexi pussy now, as well as rubbing her clit and Lexi is starting to get cum drunk. Cat woman grabs Lexi's ass and crushes their bodies together, nibbling Lexi's collar bone and pushing her top down so she can suck and bite Lexi's nipples. She flicks her tongue over Lexi's nipples before sucking them roughly between her teeth. 

Lexi lets out a moan "Oh cat woman take me please! I need you!" cat woman slithers out of her leather pants and reaches into a bag she has stashed in the plants and pulls out a strapless strap on and slides it into her dripping pussy, she turns it on and pushes Lexi against the wall, she stands between Lexi's legs and rubs the strapless cock against her kitty before thrusting it in. Lexi let out a load moan as the vibrating cock fills her tight wet cunt. Cat woman bites Lexi's neck and thrusts into Lexi hard and fast letting her animal needs take over. As she grabs Lexi's ass and pounds her harder and harder Cat woman's claws are sticking into Lexi's ass as she fucks her until they both cum hard. Lexi look into her eyes and thinks to herself I just let a woman I don't even know fuck me again. Coming out of her cum drunkenness Lexi notice she is dressed again and is grabbing her bag. Lexi grabs her arm and say "wait I have to know who you are." 

She kisses Lexi deeply and says "I will see you back at your place beautiful." She grabs Lexi's torn panties and stuffs them between her breasts, looks into Lexi's eyes and says "I am keeping these as a souvenir." She pulls of her mask and puts it into her bag, grabs Lexi and kisses her passionately, before she leaves. "Jamie," Lexi sighs, smiling as she watches, the woman she loves, the woman she would risk her career for, if they lived in the same city, leave. Lexi dresses and goes back inside getting through the rest of the night panty-less and leaving to get home to Jamie as soon as she can.