 So I listen to a lot of techno. It might be dorky, and it might give you a headache, but for me its like really good Sunday sex. Unexpected and fabulous. If it was the nineties, you'd call me a candy kid, but its not the nineties, so you'd just call me Skye. I'm here to tell you my story of how I fell in love with a mask.

I got my invitation in the mail on Wednesday. The party was on Friday, so I didn't have a lot of time, but I wanted to look amazing. I wanted to look like a big walking freeze pop -- cool, colorful, and satisfying. This is what the invitation read:

Friday night

Admission: 5$

Costume Contest

400$ Prize

At The Layzer

I had to be there. It was a must. So when Friday night came I had the perfect outfit. I wore and electric blue micro mini, with yellow fishnet stockings, and a yellow halter top with blue plastic beads. I brushed my long black hair and applied bright red lipstick to my lips. I pulled on a white pair of boots, stacked high because my Korean mother doesn't have a tall gene in her body. 

I ran out the door to catch the subway. New York is literally a jungle, and I felt like the top lioness tonight. I strode proudly swinging my hips in a demanding manner, you had no choice but to look, whether you liked what you saw or not, and people usually did. when I arrived at the club I greeted the doorman and walk in. 

I scanned the room, but not for my friends, they would come to me. What I was looking for was competition. When your at the top of your game, and your run a scene, there is always one person right behind you, or even beside you, that will knock you off your throne. tonight wasn't going to be my night. 

The lasers in the room were in a frenzy tonight, whipping around at impressive speeds, making everyone it touched look as though they stepped out of a intergalactic mission ship straight into a grungy, run down electro-pop club. It was the people who made this place glow though, not the condition. 

I looked around and saw the regulars, along with a couple newcomers in tight groups, afraid to venture out. Then I saw her. The most beautiful creature on the floor, preening like a neon peacock. Radiance swarmed around her like bees to honey. 

I automatically new this bitch was going to bring me down. I had worked so hard to keep my top position, and I can see it all crashing down. I slowly walked over to the subject, approaching it from the side. She turned and looked at me and our eyes locked. and that's all I could see was there eyes. They were a crazy emerald green and they intense enough to make any face beautiful, but on her they just look washed out and glassy. 

This was because they were surrounded by the most beautiful mask I ever saw in my life. She looked like a full sized porcelain doll with the lips of the ceramic mask stained blood red, and long luscious eyelashes framing the green in her eyes. The mask dripped sex appeal. I wanted it. Or maybe I wanted her?

After staring at her for five seconds or so she responded. "Your Skye aren't you?" I looked at her mask and pulled my gaze don only to find a voluptuous body wrapped in a colorful muumuu that outlined curves I was just itching to knead. 

"Yes, that's me," I said calmly. 

"And who are you?" I said with more courage then I had at the time.

"See your asking all the wrong questions" she said in a thick low voice. She pressed her body closer to mine and whispered in my ear 

"What you really want to ask is will you ditch this place and go home with me." She said in a matter-of-fact tone. Now I was quite sure she was wrong, but hearing I come out her lips and into my ear like wax down a candle made me feel it was just what I wanted to do. Thoughts of dominance, winning the money, and become a legend slipped out of my mind. All I wanted was this masked wonder's naked body against mine. 

I nodded pathetically. "Your right." I said.

We walked to my apartment, the subway seemed to fit her less then the street. I clung to her like a cub to her lioness. Her beautiful swayed gently, hypnotizing me to follow it willingly, even though I knew the way. 

When we reached my apartment, she turned to look at me. She grabbed a handful of my hair and shoved me down on the ground. Wordlessly, I lifted up her muumuu to drink her dripping sex juices. She moaned musically. I never tasted anything like it before. 

The first pussy I ever tasted was so amazing I never wanted to stop. I flicked her swollen clit lightly with my tongue, before taking into my mouth and sucking it greedily. She grabbed my ears and shoved my face in tighter, and I darted my tongue in and out of her sweet hole. 

"Oh god Skye!" She sang loudly. Her hips started to buck and I felt a small trickle of juice land in my mouth. It tasted so good I sucked her wet cunt hard to get more, and the promised flow came soon after, along with her shouts of ecstasy vibrating my whirling mind. Fuck, she could get me drunk off that cunt.

After she was spent she bent me over my kitchen table. The table felt cool on my hot skin. She lifted up my skirt and ripped a hole in my stockings, leaving my now drenched pussy open for her to devoir. She stuck her long slender fingers deep inside me, pumping my pussy slowly. It felt so amazing that I felt the heat in my body turn to pure bliss and my whole body tingled with anticipation. 

She pulled her fingers out and licked them slyly. Then she reached for her bag, and pulled out a neon green strap on. It had to be at least 10 inches, nothing I can handle. She strapped it to her sexy ass and pushed it inside me with one long fast stroke. 

I screamed out in agony, I could feel my pussy stretching past its limit, the green dildo filing my creamy pussy completely. she slowly pushed it in and out in slow sensual strokes, and it felt like heaven. I loved being this woman's little kitten. I felt my cum dripping down my legs and onto my calves. "faster please!" I begged her. She sweetly complied, and began driving the monstrous pole in and out of my cunt, hard and fast. I couldn't hold myself up, the pleasure was so thick my head was spinning and my knees were going numb. Finally I came and she pulled out and lapped up the juices on my pulsating pussy. Her expert tongue brought me down, moaning on the ground as she lay orgasm after orgasm into my body. I was bucking on the floor and I fainted. 

When I woke up the house was dark. I gathered together my wobbling legs and pulled myself up to the table. on the table was a burning stick of incense. The smell wafted into my nose and I noticed the mask on the table. I picked it up gingerly and stroked it, feeling slightly aroused. Next to the mask was a note. it read:

"I see you have some talent, use it wisely."

Damn I wish I knew her name...