 The Mansion – First Visit

I was bored – it was Saturday afternoon, none of my friends were about, and I hadn't had a steady partner for two years, much preferring to play the field, and indulge in a bit of hedonism. Who am I? My name is Dawn, I'm 29 years old, 5' 11", very slim, (32A, 24, 36) and with short brown hair and green eyes. I work in central London as a production assistant for a film company, mainly making commercials, but also doing some glamour work. I'm pretty adventurous, know what I like, and that includes most things, especially where sex is concerned. 

Like I said, a boring Saturday afternoon, with three hours to kill before I was scheduled to meet my flatmate Carol for drinks. I pottered about, wandered into Carol's bedroom for no real purpose, and spotted an open package on her bedside table. Curious, I picked it up, and saw it was a pack of 6 DVDs, but without titles, or any indication of the contents. I moved into the living room, turned on the DVD player and inserted one of the DVDs at random. The opening credits just said 'With thanks to all who helped make this film, and to Marion, Kelly and Ingrid at the Mansion'

The first scene was of a well-built woman of about 45 walking away from the camera. She wore only a pair of white knickers and a bra. She turned to the camera and revealed that the bra was a half-cup, and that her breasts were very large, with big dark hard nipples, fully a half inch long. 

'Like the tits?' she asked to camera, and began to pinch both nipples with her forefingers and thumbs, and began to jiggle her tits lewdly. 'Men do love playing with these' she breathed 'And women too'

She moved towards a settee, sat down and opened her legs, showing the camera that the gusset of her panties was wet, and that she was unshaven – little tufts of pubes poked out from each side of the gusset. 

'Now I'm going to give myself a good wank while you watch' and smiled at the camera. She put her right hand into the waistband of her panties, then pushed further down until her fingers were busy behind the pantie material. 

'As you can see I'm now rubbing my clit, and I'm just putting two fingers up' she said 'and in a minute or two you'll be able to see me frig my arsehole too.'

'Let me give you a better view' so saying, she pulled her panties to one side to reveal a big erect clit, and large cunt lips, all surrounded by a bush of dark hair. 'Now you can see my cunt properly, wouldn't you like to give it a lick and stick your tongue up inside me?' she asked. 'I don't mind whether you're male or female, I'd just love to feel the tip of your tongue on my big clit – you can suck it too if you want, I adore that and it usually makes me cum.'

I watched the DVD with growing interest, and began to feel the familiar wetness between my thighs. I stripped down to my panties, and putting my hand down the front, began to play with my clit. It stiffened immediately at the touch of my finger as I continued to watch. 

The woman stood up and removed her panties completely, then lay down again, this time opening her legs so wide that her arsehole was on view. She started to frig her clit and pussy with her left hand, while moving her right underneath her, and inserting the tip of a long finger into her pretty bumhole. Soon this was joined by a second finger, and she began to masturbate in earnest, now and again removing her fingers and putting them in her mouth for more lubrication.

'Do you like seeing me suck my fingers after they've been up me?' she asked. 'Would you like to suck them too, or perhaps you'd rather go down and lick me direct?'

She turned over, and as her big tits dangled attractively, looked over her shoulder and said with lust in her voice 'Now I'm going to cum, and if I were you I'd get as close as you can.' 

The camera moved in for a close up as she stuck her big arse cheeks out and held them apart for a good minute, wobbling them and squeezing them. Then she began frigging her arse with two fingers of one hand, her cunt with the other, and rubbed her clit with her thumb. All the time she looked over her shoulder at the camera, and asked suggestively 'Wouldn't you like to put your big cock where my fingers are?' Perhaps you'd like to lick my arsehole and stick your tongue in? Do you like the way I wank? I love having my cunt sucked, and love sucking other women's cunts too. Maybe you'd like to suck my stiff nipples, or stick your hard prick down my throat? Would you like me to lick your balls?' Or maybe you'd like to wank off into my mouth, or even better, have someone do it for you? Perhaps you'd like to sit on my face and let me lick your clit? '

She began to wank harder and it was clear she was about to cum. 

'I'm cumming now' she gasped, and removing her fingers she again spread her big buttocks, displaying her soaking holes. She held her cunt lips open and moaned in ecstasy as she came. 

To my surprise she squirted as she orgasmed, and three strong spurts came from her cunt, splashing on to the carpet behind her. She quickly began to finger her clit again, and spurted more. She lay on her back on the settee, and said

'Did you like that? Did you see me squirt when I came? I always do that. It's not piss you know, it comes out of my cunt. Wouldn't you like to drink it?'

I was now so horny I needed something inside me, and putting the DVD on pause I nipped to my bedroom and got both my vibrators. Slipping off my panties I spread my legs, inserted one vibrator in my anus, and the other in my dripping twat. 

I started the DVD again, and the woman said to the camera

'Would you like to see me piss now?' Most people enjoy watching a woman pee, and I'm going to do it just for you.'

I groaned with pleasure, having recently discovered he delights of wet sex at a party Carol had taken me to. I moved my vibrators in and out with even more urgency.

The woman moved forward from the settee, and taking two pint beer mugs from the table, she put them on the floor. 

'Watch carefully' she said 'And imagine these beer mugs are your mouth.'

She squatted down, her legs as far apart as she could get them, and opening her hairy lips with both hands, began to piss a clear stream straight into the first beer mug. She controlled her flow carefully, now and again dipping the fingers of one hand into the stream and taking it to her lips for a taste.

'Mmmm' she murmured 'Tastes great. Wouldn't you like some? Maybe you'd like me to piss in your mouth or over your tits? Or just let little squirts out straight on to your hard cock, or your clit? Ever been pissed on while you're fucking? – that really is something else. Or perhaps you'd like to piss on me? – right on these lovely big tits, then you could suck the piss off my dripping nipples'

This took me over the top and I had a huge cum. I lay back, the vibrators still buzzing inside me - I can cum any number of times, and was ready for more.

Back on my TV screen, the woman had filled one mug and started on the next. Just then another woman appeared in shot. She was younger, about my age, completely naked, shaven, and with tiny tits – even smaller than mine. Her blonde hair was cut short.

'Hi Marion' she said 'Need someone to help with that piss?'

'Yes please, Kelly', replied the older woman, as Kelly squatted down beside her and began to finger Marion's big clit, piss splashing on her hand as she did so. Soon Kelly had two fingers in Marion, and was thrusting them in and out, piss going everywhere. With her other hand she rolled Marion's nipples between her fingers, and began pulling on them as Marion moaned with lust. Kelly removed her fingers from Marion's dripping pussy and licked them, giving the camera a lewd smile as she did so. Marion's piss stream trickled to an end and a close up showed droplets of piss on her hairy bush. 

'Let me clean you up' said Kelly, and Marion stood up with her legs apart as Kelly's long tongue snaked out and began to lick Marion clean. 'Turn round sweetie and bend over so I can do your arse'

Marion obeyed and once again a close up showed Kelly's tongue penetrating Marion's anus, and licking all around her hairy twat.

'I'm ready for a drink, don't know about you' remarked Kelly, and picking up both pint mugs, gave one to Marion. The women toasted each other and then drank the piss-filled mugs down in several gulps. 

'Delicious' said Kelly, 'My turn next, so lie down on the floor like the piss slut you are.' 

Marion did so with her open legs towards the camera, and once again began to stimulate her erect clit, pulling back the hood, so the camera had a good view of it, She parted her cunt, displaying her wet pussy, with a clear view of her pisshole. Kelly turned her back to the camera, and slowly squatted down over Marion's face, as Marion's tongue could be seen probing Kelly's shaven cunt, and sucking her labia.

'Here it comes' said Kelly, and a stream of clear piss jetted into Marion's mouth. Marion swallowed it all, and when Kelly had finished, licked her clean, paying special attention to Kelly's arsehole. 

The two got up and knelt facing each other. Kelly started so suck Marion's stiff nipples, while both were busy between each other's legs with right hands.

'What about that orgy last night? asked Marion – 'Wasn't that one of the best we've had?' 

'Just magic' replied Kelly, 'these all-women sex parties are fantastic for a change, I just love getting my hands on all those tits, all different sizes, all those nipples, big, small, long, puffy ones, pink ones and brown ones.'

'Yes, and all those lovely clits' responded Marion, 'I must have licked and sucked about a dozen, not to mention getting my tongue up their cunts and into their arses'

The women were now paying special attention to each other's clitoris, fingering gently with circular motions, now and again dipping a finger or two into the other's vagina, and smearing the juices oh each other's nipples. 

'I know', said Kelly, 'and I really enjoyed the pissy bit too. What happened to all the vibrators and dildos at the end?'

'Ingrid and I cleaned them all up' said Marion 'we really got off on tasting all those juices over again. Although I sometimes miss the feel of real cocks, big stiff ones fucking right inside me – any hole will do, and big balls in my hand, ready to spunk.'

'Me too' said Kelly, 'it's the taste of spunk I miss – and there's nothing more sexy than watching some horny tart get covered in cum, seeing it slide off her face on to her tits, or dripping out of her cunt on to her pretty arsehole, then licking it up.'


'You're so right' replied Marion 'I love it when they're unshaven, and their twats are all matted with cum, maybe from three or four men, and you get it all in your mouth and pass it on – spunky snogging is such a turn on. Did you see Ingrid covered in cum at that party in Birmingham, and how the women pissed all over her to clean her up?'

'Yes' said Marion 'she really is a dirty cow – she'll do anything you know – I once saw her in a porno movie cinema stark naked, surrounded by twenty or so guys, all wanking over her, while a woman sat on her face and another was licking her out. When they'd all finished, she just put on a coat and went out in the street, with cum all over her face, in her hair and dripping down her legs. What she did was far better than the movie.'

The description of Ingrid really turned me on again, how could I meet these women? Was Carol hiding something from me? Was this just a porno movie, or something else? – they certainly didn't seem like actors – there was a spontaneity that didn't sound like it was scripted, and although their bodies were impressive, neither had film star looks, and Marion's tits were certainly not silicone, despite their size.

By now the wetness smeared on their nipples from each other's cunt juices was obvious, and I wondered what would happen next...

A small blonde appeared from the left. Her long hair was swept back in a pony-tail. She was about twenty, pretty in a sluttish way, with full lips, blue eyes and with a plump but very shapely figure. 'Ingrid' was tattooed on her left buttock, with an arrow underneath pointing to the cleft between her generous arse cheeks. She, like Kelly was completely naked, her oversized tits capped with beautiful pink puffy nipples. 

Her pubes were trimmed into a neat triangle, but it was clear that she was shaved from her prominent clitoris right round to her anus. Dangling from her left hand was a leather device with what looked like three dildos attached.

'Well girls, I got it at last' she said, 'this is the Rolls Royce of strap-ons – just come and help me put it on.'

She gave the strap-on to Marion, who said 'Where's the best place to start?'

'At the back' said Ingrid, bending over to give Marion access to her bottom. Marion bent over, parted Ingrid's ample buttocks and licked Ingrid's arsehole, then slid the smallest of the three dildos in. Clearly Ingrid was used to having that hole filled. Marion turned Ingrid round, and having first frigged her cunt with two wet fingers, slid the next, bigger dildo up her. After doing up the straps, the third dildo stuck out obscenely in front of Ingrid.

'Just make sure the knobbly bit at the base of the 'prick' is right over my clit' asked Ingrid. Marion slipped a forefinger between the 'prick' and Ingrid's clit until she could feel the hard bump, then adjusted the 'cock', and with a wanking motion, ensured the dildo was giving Ingrid the pleasure she wanted.

'When I fuck someone with this' said Ingrid, 'I get fucked too; cunt, arse and clit. It's just the best thing ever invented, especially as it leaves my hands free for playing with my own tits, if I'm fucking someone from behind, or perhaps to have fingers up wet cunts, one each side.'

She knelt between Marion and Kelly.

'I smell horny cunt.' she remarked 'On your tits is it?' She leaned over and started to suck and lick Marion's long brown nipples. 'Mmmm, I taste Kelly, so sexy, with just a hint of her piss too, you two have been busy this afternoon.' 

Marion's nipples now stood out fully an inch from her huge tits as Ingrid sucked them even harder. Ingrid stopped sucking for a moment, stroked a hand down behind the other two women, and slipped a forefinger and middle finger into each arse and cunt, before turning and beginning to suck Marion's juices from Kelly's hard little nipples.

'Marion's cunt always turns me on.' She said 'and I can taste her pee on you as well – can't wait for her to sit on my face and get my tongue inside her.'

Marion and Kelly each had one of Ingrid's tits in their hands, pulling at the puffy nipples and supporting their considerable weight in their hands. 

'Who's first for a fuck?' she asked.

By way of answer, Kelly got down on her hands and knees, spread her legs, and stuck her shapely arse out lewdly. Ingrid moved in behind her, holding the strap on cock in her left hand, as Marion watched enviously. Ingrid stroked the tip of the dildo up and down Kelly's shaven pussy, just prodding gently between Kelly's cunt lips, and arsehole.

'Which hole first, Kelly?' she asked.

'Don't care' said Kelly, 'just get it in me!'

'Come over here, Marion, and wet her arse, I'm going in there first.'

Marion positioned herself so she could give Ingrid's 'prick' a slobbering kiss, and poke her long tongue up Kelly's tight anus. Then she further prepared Kelly, by wetting her fingers in her own cunt then pushing first one, then two fingers in Kelly's bum, and gently pushing them in as far as they could go. Taking Ingrid's dildo in her right hand she replaced her fingers in Kelly's arse with it, pushing Ingrid in with her free hand.

Ingrid began to thrust in earnest, while Marion wriggled underneath Kelly so she could watch her being fucked, and lick her clit, while Kelly grabbed Marion's ample buttocks, tucked her legs back and slurped at Marion's open sex, erect clit, and inviting brown rosebud. 

Ingrid felt the triple sensations she was getting from the strap-on begin to build up. The effect of the simultaneous stimulation of her clitoris, and being double penetrated by the dildos, while she played with her own nipples was taking her over the top. Judging by the sounds underneath her, Kelly and Marion weren't far off either. Ingrid slipped the dildo out of Kelly's arsehole and pushed it right up her cunt. Kelly came within seconds, and deliberately pissed into Marion's waiting mouth. Marion came at the same time, from the effect of Kelly sucking her clit, and squirted her cum in Kelly's mouth. With a huge groan, Ingrid came too.

And so did I.

The DVD ended, and a single line of credits rolled, inviting 'sexually free, clean and inventive women and men to ring mobile phone 07... if they were interested in participating or filming'

...to be continued?