 Samantha sighed as she sank down into the hot water in the tub. The last thing she wanted to do was to go to a boring office party tonight. She had a very long week at work and just wanted to stay at home this weekend. Her boss had come into her office Wednesday just before she was leaving and tossed an invitation on her desk, and politely asked her to go the party this Friday. Of course, she had to, seeing as how she didn’t want to irritate her boss. She was first up for a big promotion next month and didn’t want to screw up her chances at it. What made it worse was that when she looked after the invitation, she noticed that it was a masquerade party. Of all things, she thought. 

Samantha lay in the bathtub thinking of the evening ahead. The only thing of interest to her was that she was hoping that sexy fresh-out-of-school guy they hired into the law firm would be there. She had her eye on him for a couple weeks now, and she’s noticed his eyes on her as well. Samantha giggled to herself at the thought of his sexy hands all over her body. He was definitely one of the handsomest men she had seen in a very long time and would love a chance to be with him, even if it was for just a night. After thinking about him for a little while, she felt more enthusiastic about going to the party tonight. 

Samantha got out of the bathtub, dried herself off and went to go put on her makeup. Samantha looked at herself in the mirror when she was finished. Her piercing blue eyes were done up perfectly and her long dark hair was put up in a loose french roll with curls spilling out. She smiled and went to the bedroom to put on the outfit that she picked up from the costume shop. It was a tight, black dress with long sleeves and a slit almost up to the top of her thigh. She thought it was perfect for tonight, it would definitely draw attention. She slipped the dress onto her 5’7” slim frame. It looked great on her, just enough cleavage to create curiosity. She grabbed her mask and her purse, did a last minute check on herself, and went downstairs and out to her car. 

Samantha drove down the tree-lined street, straining to see the house numbers in the dark. Finally after about 5 minutes on that one street, she found her bosses house and parked along the street behind a long line of cars. Samantha took out her leather mask and tied it on behind her head. She looked in the mirror and adjusted the mask over her eyes, and touched up her lipstick. Well, here we go she thought as she got out of the car and walked up the sidewalk towards the house. 

Samantha knocked on the door and her boss answered and gave her a hug. She could tell he had already drank quite a bit. She smiled and walked into the big living room. She had never been to his house and was amazed at how extravagant it was. 

The living room was filled with people everywhere and there was a jazz band playing over in the corner of the room. The room was adorned with a large marble fireplace, beautiful wooden floors and ivory sofas with gold pillows. The room had a vaulted ceiling and walls that were painted a rich cream with beautiful paintings on them which appeared to be by famous artists. She didn’t realize that her boss was this well off. 

Samantha kept her eye out for the cute lawyer she was hoping would be here, but it was difficult to tell who was who. Everyone had on extravagant costumes with masks that made it very difficult to tell people apart. She could only tell who one person was, and that was by her bleached blond hair and oversized breasts. Samantha sighed, and walked over to the huge bar at the end of the room and asked for a white wine. She took her glass and sauntered off to talk to various co-workers and tried to make small talk but eventually got bored and irritated. It’s not like she could see anyone’s faces either. Samantha said goodbye to whom she was talking with and went to the bar to get her last wine, when she noticed someone standing in the corner of the room staring at her. Samantha looked at the person in the corner and tried to make out a face. She couldn’t even tell. The person had a full mask on, and she couldn’t tell if it was even a man or a woman. Samantha drunkenly stood there staring. Samantha looked away, embarrassed. What if that was him she thought. After all the alcohol she had, she started to get aroused at the thought. 

Samantha looked back, but the person was gone. Disappointed, Samantha strained to see where the person went. There was no sign of the person. Samantha started to walk towards where the person was, and into the kitchen. Nobody. She didn’t understand why she was so curious now, she’s not usually like that. Samantha went and tried to mingle again and her boss caught her eye and started to walk towards her. O great, Samantha thought. After a long 20 minute session of listening to the new proposal, Samantha excused herself and went to find the washroom. She maneuvered past a group of drunk businessmen and eventually found the washroom at the end of a surprisingly long hallway. Samantha went into the bathroom and tried to find her lipstick in her purse. Finding it, she started to touch up her lips and started to think of where her mystery person could have gone. Samantha washed her hands, and started to go out the door. Out of the corner of her eye, there was movement by one of the bedroom doors. Samantha looked, and saw a finger motioning over to her. Samantha looked to see if it was her mystery person, and not seeing anything, she looked down the hall and saw nobody. She just heard the faint noise coming from the living room. She looked back, and the person was standing in the doorway of a dark room, motioning to her again. Samantha wouldn’t have started to walk towards the door if she had not been drinking, but she was curious and aroused at the same time. 

She walked towards her mystery person cautiously and smelt the faint smell of shared arousal. The person gently took Samantha’s hand. The hand was soft and held with a strong grip, which was almost dominating. Samantha started to get led into a dark room, only moonlight shone faintly through closed curtains. All of a sudden, her hand was let go, and Samantha looked around furiously trying to find the person who brought her in the room. She saw no movement, felt nothing around her. A few seconds later, she felt something behind her. She felt breath on her neck. Samantha closed her eyes in anticipation. Lips began being gently moved across the back of her neck, and down onto her shoulder which made Samantha shiver. The lips started gently kissing her neck and then up to her ear. The silky lips kissed her ear ever so gently and the softest of tongues glided across her ear lobe. Samantha wanted to turn around and confront whoever was doing this to her, but she felt planted in place. 

Suddenly she felt a pair of arms softly touch her hips as she was brought in closer. The hands started to slide around her waist and up towards her large breasts. The hands started to gently caress and search for her erect nipples. Samantha’s breathing started to get quicker and she wanted to know who was doing this to her. Samantha started to turn around but she was stopped and was turned back the way she was. Frustrated, Samantha obliged. The mystery person found Samantha’s nipples and stroked them to firm peaks underneath the thin material. The hands moved gracefully over the front of Samantha’s body and up to her face. Samantha’s face was gently touched and the hands went over her lips and Samantha gently took one of the fingers in her mouth and suckled softly. Samantha tried to turn around again, and was happy when she wasn’t stopped this time. Samantha attempted to remove the person’s mask, but the other person wouldn’t let her. Samantha was growing more curious. 

Samantha was in a state of shock and if she hadn’t been drinking, she would not be here with whoever this was. Something kept her there. 

Samantha felt hands sliding up her back, and her dress started being unzipped very slowly. Samantha could only see the person’s eyes, and they were looking at her with lust and anticipation. Samantha’s dress fell to the floor only to reveal her black lace bra and panties. The person’s eyes stared with want and desire, as hands gently cupped Samantha’s large breasts, slowly caressing every part of them. Samantha looked up at the person, and had to feel their lips touch. Samantha put her hands on the other persons face and slowly drew their lips together and shared in the most passionate kiss Samantha had ever experienced. It seemed like an hour before they both released the kiss and Samantha was completely breathless. 

When Samantha looked back up, she was being drawn to the large white satin covered bed just behind them. Samantha was gently laid down and the other person lay down beside her. When Samantha attempted to speak, she was quickly motioned to not say a word. Samantha was going crazy with wonderment of who this person was, but was being faded ever so quickly by her building arousal. Whoever this was, Samantha wanted to share everything with tonight. 

They just lied their, sharing the most passionate kisses Samantha could ever imagine. Samantha’s whole body was on fire and wanted more, and the other person sensed that. Before Samantha knew it, her bra was completely off and her breasts were being suckled on with expert lips. Samantha arched her back and her breathing quickened once again. The person explored every part of her breasts, neck and face, which left Samantha in total helplessness to the person. Samantha didn’t know if it was arousing her so much because she didn’t know who the person was, or if it was just the alcohol. Maybe both she thought. Samantha reached up for the persons face. 

“Please tell me who you are,” Samantha asked. 

The other person just touched Samantha’s face tenderly and leaned in to kiss her. Hands went over her belly and down over Samantha’s skimpy lace panties. Fingers started skimming over top the panties. Slowly, the fingers started massaging harder and focused on Samantha’s hard clit. Samantha couldn’t help but moan, this was just too arousing. The fingers probed gently, over and over until Samantha almost stopped breathing. Samantha was almost on the brink of a tremendous orgasm, but wanted to wait. Samantha’s hands started to go over the other persons back, up to undo the costume. She slowly unzipped it, and found the persons back. She ran her hands down and over to uncover the costume. Samantha wished it wasn’t so dark in the room, she wanted to see everything. 

Before Samantha could finish taking off the costume, the other person stopped cold and grabbed her hand. Confused, Samantha obeyed. All of a sudden, Samantha’s hand was guided to the other person’s chest, and over a pair of firm breasts. Samantha’s hand jerked back and was full of surprise. How could she have been so stupid she thought. But before she could say anything, the other person leaned in to kiss Samantha, and gently stroked her hair, as if telling her it was ok. Samantha melted again with the touch of her lips. As they kissed, Samantha was thinking how she had never wanted to be with a woman, and didn’t understand why she was staying in the bed with her. Their bodies were melded together as they kissed, and Samantha could never remember feeling so safe and secure. 

Samantha couldn’t just leave now, she may never have this chance again, or feel this way again. Samantha’s curious hands went up to explore the girls face, and wanted to take of the mask, and hers as well, but still, she was motioned not to. Samantha pouted and just wanted a peek of this woman. 

The woman’s hand returned to Samantha’s soaking wet panties. This time, she went straight under the panties, and removed them with one quick move. She moved Samantha’s legs apart and rubbed her clit ever so gently, that Samantha was almost going into a frenzy. She went faster and harder by the second. Samantha was moaning so hard, she was surprised that nobody from the party had come to see what was going on. The woman stopped and started to kiss Samantha’s breasts, all the way down her belly, and lay down between her legs. She started gently kissing Samantha’s pussy and inner thighs, licking her way back up to her wet pussy. Samantha was going crazy and just wanted her to lick every part of her. The woman’s tongue found Samantha’s awaiting clit, and started to gently but firmly caress it. Samantha couldn’t stop moaning, as her orgasm got closer by the second. She was moving frantically up towards the woman’s face when all of a sudden, she broke out into the most amazing orgasm imaginable. Samantha didn’t stop shaking for over 5 minutes, and was breathless. 

Samantha woke from her trance, and realized the woman was lying beside her again, and Samantha wanted to do for her what she just experienced. Not knowing exactly what to do, Samantha just went by intuition. She carefully removed the costume the woman was wearing. The costume had covered absolutely everything, even her hair. She tossed it onto the floor as she got on top of the other woman, and straddled her. She looked down at the woman and gently outlined her bra-covered breasts. Samantha reached up to feel the woman’s hair, which was silky and curly. Samantha found a pair of nipples and caressed them until they were hard. The woman started moaning gently and Samantha undid the woman’s bra to reveal beautiful firm breasts. Samantha took them in her hands and leaned down to take a nipple into her mouth. The woman’s skin tasted like honey and Samantha wanted to taste every part of her. Samantha explored the woman’s breasts with wonderment, all the while building heat was growing between their grinding pussies. Samantha moved down over the woman’s belly, circling her tongue around her belly button. The woman moaned as she thrust her pussy gently up. Samantha was nervous and aroused at the same time, and wondered what her pussy would feel and taste like. 
 Samantha moved her face down over the panties of the other woman. She kissed the top of her pussy and caressed her inner thighs. The woman was arching her back and breathing hard in anticipation of Samantha’s tongue. Samantha gently moved down the woman’s panties. She stared at the nicely trimmed pussy that awaited her. It smelled sweet, like honey, and Samantha slowly put her tongue over the clit, pushing down hard enough to have the woman thrust up at her face. Samantha slowly circled the hard clit, and when the woman’s moans got louder, Samantha went faster and faster. Samantha took two fingers, and found the woman’s hole. She slowly inserted her fingers and explored the whole inside of the woman’s pussy. All of a sudden, the whole bed seemed as though it would cave in. The woman’s orgasm shook the bed and juices went all over Samantha’s mask. 
After the woman’s breathing went back to normal, Samantha went back up to the woman’s face, and they shared in another kiss. Samantha stroked the woman’s hair and looked in her eyes, trying to place who it could be. 

The other woman obviously wanted more. She sat up and turned herself around to the end of the bed. She took Samantha’s legs, and scissored them with hers and started grinding their pussies together. They joined together for the next hour, sharing orgasm after orgasm. Eventually, they found their way back to each other’s faces, and fell asleep in each other’s arms. All Samantha remembered before she fell asleep was the scent of the woman. 

Samantha awoke with a throbbing headache. She just realized what had happened. She frantically searched for a clock somewhere in the room, and saw that it was 4 in the morning. She scanned the room to find the woman she spent the night with but she wasn’t in the room at all. Frustrated and embarrassed, Samantha got up and almost fell over because of her headache. She grabbed her clothes and went into the bathroom to get dressed. She was more concerned with getting out of the house without being seen. It was her boss’s house after all. After she got dressed, she was going to go out into the hall, where she noticed something on the dresser. There was a bright red rose sitting on the dresser that wasn’t there before. Samantha picked it up and saw a note beside it. It read: “I will find you again my love”. Samantha gave a small smile. Samantha went out to the hall, and past the messy living room and out to her car without being seen. 

On Monday Samantha sat at her desk, still thinking about Friday night. She was still in shock about the whole thing. She had forgot about that cute new lawyer and just thought about this woman that she spent the night with. Samantha didn’t remember every detail, but she could remember the distinct smell of the woman. Her perfume mixed with the scent of her skin was a smell Samantha would never forget. Samantha wanted to find this woman again and share that experience with her again, but part of her was still in denial about it. She had never really had sexual thoughts about women but now, she wanted to be with that woman. Samantha shook her head, and went about her work. 

Just before lunch, her boss knocked on the door and entered. With him was a young girl about 24 years old. She had a beautiful body and blonde curly hair that was tied back. Her eyes were a piercing blue. 

“Samantha, I want you to meet my daughter”. Samantha’s boss said. 

Samantha looked up at the woman as she came in to shake her hand. Samantha looked up at the woman as she came in to shake her hand. Samantha looked up and shook the woman's hand. The woman slightly leaned in and Samantha smelled a familiar scent and realized who the woman was.

“My name is Jessica, nice to meet you.” She said as she lingered with the handshake. 

All Samantha did was smile and stare into her eyes, almost melting on the spot. 

“Nice to meet you Jessica, my name is Samantha.” 

Jessica looked at her with a wink and a smile. 

“I know.”