 It was a late Thursday evening, Shannon was relaxing in her home, alone again because her husband Kurt had been called away with work. He’d be gone for a few days and that left Shannon pondering what to do with her spare time. Her own work as a photographer and cameraman had been slow lately and thus left her doing minor renovations to her spacious home.

Shannon was sitting at her kitchen table, a glass of wine in hand, trying to brainstorm projects to work on around the house. After an hour of fruitless thinking she drifted off remembering a conversation that she had had with Kurt the week before. 

Shannon had come clean about her amazing afternoon with Chrissie, her best friend. She told him how Chrissie had wanted to be filmed masturbating and how she had assisted her friend to fulfill her desire. The story blew Kurt’s mind, he had known Chrissie for a long time, nearly as long as Shannon and had never expected her to be a little on the wild side. However, Kurt wasn’t too happy when Shannon refused to show him a copy of the video, saying that she had promised Chrissie to keep it private.

They didn’t argue as such, but Kurt did ask why Shannon would even tell him about it if Chrissie wanted it to be so private. Shannon didn’t have an answer to that question. Truth be known, Shannon only told him about the whole incident because she couldn’t stop thinking about it. She felt a little guilty that once or twice when Kurt wasn’t home she had fantasized being with Chrissie and got herself off. 

The fantasy in all its detail swept back into Shannon’s mind and she found herself feeling a little horny. It was with that thought and an overwhelming sense of boredom, brought on partially by a couple of glasses of red, that Shannon picked up the phone and called Chrissie inviting her over that evening. 

Shannon tidied up her mess on the kitchen table, checked her watch and left the house. She had to run a few errands before Chrissie arrived.

As Shannon returned she found Chrissie standing at her front door waiting to get in. Shannon smiled as Chrissie noticed the curvy 33 year old brunette approach her wearing a heavy winter jacket. 

“Hey Chrissie, how long have you been waiting?” asked Shannon politely. She unlocked the door and swung it open inviting her friend in.

“Not long,” was all Chrissie replied in a chirpy voice. Shannon eyed the buxom blonde walk by; she was a truly sexy woman but didn’t seek to draw attention to herself. “So what have you got in mind? Why am I here?” asked a curious Chrissie as she pulled up a seat at the kitchen table. Shannon put away a few things and then pulled off her bulky jacket.

Shannon sported a curvaceous figure, not unlike Chrissie’s, except her bust and rear were smaller. Her shoulder length brown hair hung down the side of her face, she wore only the slightest hint of makeup. Shannon was sporting a tight knit shirt which accentuated her profile and made her chest look a little bigger than it really was. A pair of tight fitting, well worn jeans finished her dress. 

Chrissie smiled as Shannon brought over two full glasses of wine and handed one to her, and then pulled up a chair next to her. “Well I called you over because I was bored and wanted someone to hang out with,” said Shannon cheerily. 

“Is that all? Here I was thinking that you wanted my help with something important,” laughed Chrissie. Chrissie wore a low cut black shirt showing a generous amount of cleavage and a knee length tight fitting beige skirt. Her frizzy bleached blonde hair framed her soft brown eyes perfectly. 

“Well I did have a little project I wanted your help with … and some gossip,” winked Shannon. It struck Chrissie that it was only last week that she had asked Shannon for her help on a ‘little project’ surely she wasn’t going to hear the same proposal. Chrissie dismissed the thought as ridiculous.

Chrissie watched as Shannon took a sip from her glass, she noticed the obviously new nails Shannon wore. They were long and silver with swirling patterns traced across them. “Hey those are really nice nails you got there,” said Chrissie, her own aqua false nails still on her fingers. Again the coincidence with the conversation she had with Shannon last week rang alarm bells in Chrissie’s mind.

“So I guess … let’s hear the gossip first …” mused Chrissie. Shannon smiled broadly and swallowed the remainder of her wine, Chrissie barely having taken a sip of hers. 

“Well, you know the video we shot last week. I sort of told Kurt about it. Anyway we sort of had a bit of an argument over it,” Shannon said bending the truth a little. “So I need a bit of a favor to get me out of trouble.” 

Chrissie knew exactly where this was going but didn’t want to jump to any conclusions. “You didn’t show him the video did you?” asked Chrissie carefully.

“No, I didn’t show him, but he really wanted to see it, I told him that it was private and you didn’t want others to see it,” answered Shannon. Her lush lips caught Chrissie’s attention. “So I know that this is a big thing to ask, but would you be in another video I want to do for Kurt?” 

Chrissie didn’t know quite what she was supposed to be agreeing to, for all she knew Shannon could have anything in mind. “Well I did promise you I would do you any favor, so I guess I’m all yours.” 

“Well not that I wanted to spring all of this on you but I wondered if we couldn’t do it tonight, I have everything set up, nobody will be home,” added Shannon the words blurting out of her mouth. 

“What is it you have in mind?” asked Chrissie cautiously. In her mind she relived that afternoon and how hot she felt as she performed in front of Shannon; it was an alluring thought which brought a smile to her face. 

Shannon took Chrissie’s smile to mean she was warming to the idea. “I sort of thought that the two of us could be on camera and that we could play with ourselves.” A broad grin broke out on Shannon’s face as she became increasingly excited about her proposal.

“You know I didn’t bring any stuff with me, or come dressed for it,” offered Chrissie. The thought of masturbating with Shannon ran through her mind and began to arouse her senses. 

“That’s all right we don’t need much, I’ve got some toys and things we can use,” replied Shannon. She was clearly excited with Chrissie’s response and wanted to get started as soon as possible. “If you want to go get ready? I’ll be right behind you …” 

Chrissie took a last sip from her glass and got up out of her seat and headed alone to the bathroom. When she stepped in she found the lights already on, and Shannon’s extensive makeup collection lay in front of the mirror ready for use. There was also a selection of naughty lingerie hanging on a folding clothes horse nearby. Shannon had really gone to some lengths to prepare this. 

As Chrissie searched through the underwear Shannon closed the door behind her. “Help yourself to anything you need,” said a cheery Shannon. She was carrying two oversized bathrobes with her. She drew Chrissie’s attention to them and placed them down out of the way. 

“So I hope you didn’t get into too much trouble with Kurt over me,” said Chrissie as she stripped off her shirt. Shannon stood beside Chrissie also peeling off her clothes. 

“No, it wasn’t that bad, it’s just … well how can I say this … Kurt couldn’t believe you would do such a thing, I think he thinks you’re a real down to earth girl and well you wouldn’t be so wild,” said Shannon. “But in a way a lot of this is my fault, I really shouldn’t have told him at all.” 

“It’s not your fault,” Chrissie said stopping to console her friend. “But out of interest, why did you tell Kurt about the video?” 

Shannon’s head was spinning, how could she answer that question? Should she lie that Kurt had sprung her, or admit why she really wanted Chrissie’s help? Shannon decided it was best to come clean and hope Chrissie wasn’t frightened off, but she felt she knew what Chrissie was going to stay regardless.

“The truth is … I told Kurt because … because I couldn’t get that afternoon and more importantly you out of my mind,” Shannon blurted. The room went silent and Chrissie froze half way through applying her lip liner, she turned from the mirror and looked directly at Shannon.

“Wow, you are full of surprises,” said a shocked Chrissie. “In what way exactly couldn’t you get me out of your mind?” 

“It’s just that I couldn’t stop thinking about that afternoon, how hot you were, and I kept thinking I’d like to have been in your shoes,” answered Shannon. Chrissie was still slow to react, taking in all these new revelations. “But the thing is … well how do I say this?” 

“Go on, spit it out,” Chrissie said incredulously. 

“The thing is, in my dreams you and I were together,” Shannon said. Chrissie was stopped in her tracks, but her astonishment was quickly replaced by a sense of relief. Shannon stood before her not quite knowing how to proceed. She smiled to Chrissie and looked for a response. 

Chrissie could feel herself getting more and more aroused, she knew she needed to say something but couldn’t help but acknowledge her own feelings toward Shannon had been stronger both prior to and after that afternoon. She too wondered if anything could happen between the two of them.

“Since we are baring our souls, I do have my own confession to make,” said Chrissie in a calm measured way. “When I was in here getting ready before the film, I was looking for stimulus to get myself into the mood. Anyway I have to admit that what I found really hot was the idea of performing in front of you … more than Brad even.” 

Shannon didn’t know if it was the wine or whether her secret desire finally got the better of her but she knew it was time to act. Shannon silently stepped over to where Chrissie stood and stared momentarily into her eyes. She could tell Chrissie was genuine, that her own desires were common to the both of them. 

Neither woman knew who initiated the first kiss, but both closed their eyes and leant towards each other, meeting half way. At first they both explored each others lips and then tongues as the two embraced each other. Chrissie could feel Shannon’s warm tongue swirl in her mouth and then that familiar tingle run through her breasts and her aching pussy. 

Chrissie pulled away. “Mmmm, better save that for the video,” she said with a cheeky grin. Shannon clearly didn’t want to stop, but knew things were about to explode and set about furiously finishing her makeup and outfit. A couple of times she ushered the laid back Chrissie on, so they could both get into the bedroom and get started. 

Chrissie could feel herself getting really turned on by the anticipation of her and Shannon together for the first time, and in front of the camera. Her nipples hardened under her bra and she almost felt the need to tweak them and bring herself some satisfaction before the two got started. 

Shannon finished up and grabbed Chrissie’s hand just as she was tying her bathrobe shut. Shannon led her up the hallway to her bedroom, a massive king size bed taking up the center of the room. The furniture had been shifted to allow for the lighting fixtures and three heavy video cameras mounted on tripods. 

Chrissie was a little dazzled at the bright lights but was soon snapped back to attention when Shannon rubbed up against her, drawing her attention to a pulled out drawer in her bedside table. Chrissie looked in to find a drawer full of sex toys. There were dildos, vibrators, lube, and a weird looking automated cock with different attachments. The sight intrigued Chrissie; she wondered what her friend was really like in the bedroom. And she was soon to find out.

“So how do you want to do this?” questioned Chrissie in a sedate voice. Inside she was well and truly worked up now, she could feel that same sense of foreboding give way to an intense need for sexual release. The cameras alone made her feel hot, the person adjusting them to face the bed made her feel even hotter.

“I was thinking that you and I could just sit on each side of the bed and begin to masturbate, talk dirty and that kind of thing,” answered Shannon satisfied that the video equipment was perfect. “Then I guess we can see where that leads us.” 

Chrissie caught the sly wink of the eye. She turned again to look at the sex toys. Shannon brushed past her again, doubtlessly on purpose, and began to place a few of the toys on the center of the bed.

“The cameras are already rolling, we can edit all this out later,” Shannon said, she gave Chrissie a peck on the cheek and went to the other side of the bed. Shannon stopped and took a deep breath before untying her bathrobe and throwing it to the floor.

Shannon had a fairly average body for a 33 year old. She had great form and a good 32C bust. Her hips soft and curvy led to a beautiful ass. Chrissie marveled at the small black string thong that she wore. Shannon also had a matching string bikini top instead of a bra, her long silver nails catching the light as she checked that her outfit was just right.

Chrissie threw her robe down almost as a challenge to her friend. Shannon looked up to see the gorgeous curves of the buxom blonde. Chrissie had a good 36C chest which looked even fuller than her size suggested. She wore a very revealing black lace bra which firmly lifted her cleavage and provided her with a sexy profile. Chrissie had the scantest of black g-strings on. 

Shannon was the first to climb into her side of the bed and position herself square to the cameras. Chrissie followed suit and took up a position in full view of all three lens. She looked to Shannon for some kind of signal to start but she appeared to have frozen to her spot, looking directly at the center camera.

“Well I suppose I’ll get us started then,” said Chrissie in a low seductive voice. Shannon almost jumped when she heard her friend speak. “This is so hot, just you and me sitting here alone with nothing to do ….. mmm,” panted Chrissie as she ran her right hand down over her breasts and across her tummy. “You know Shannon, I’ve wanted to do this in front of you for so long.” 

Chrissie’s sexy voice encouraged Shannon to do likewise, she touched her tiny thong, feeling the wetness that had built up under it and let out a soft moan. 

“That feels good doesn’t it?” moaned Chrissie to Shannon as she continued to caress herself. “Mmm, what do you think we should do to release all our sexual tensions?” 

“I think we should play with ourselves,” purred Shannon now engrossed in the moment. The atmosphere was one of raw sexual desire. Both women could sense it, Shannon surprised at how her mild mannered friend became such a horny goddess in front of the camera. 

Chrissie was first to unclip her bra and send it flying off screen. Her magnificent breasts flopped free, her hardened nipples standing at attention and drawing her immediate focus. Chrissie softly rolled each one between her thumb and forefingers till they were fully erect, gasping as she went along.

Shannon watched for a moment and then took her cue from Chrissie’s longing gaze. She reached around her back and pulled on the knot that held her bikini in place. The thin strings hung down around her sides as she let the second knot behind her neck loose, her tight breasts unsheathed. Shannon’s nipples were a much darker color, and more of a mound shape than Chrissie’s pointy nubs. 

Shannon also began to knead her own milky white breasts, both women glancing at each other as they did so, letting out soft moans of pleasure. “Let’s go a little further,” cooed Shannon, running a solitary finger over her covered pussy. The feel of her long hard nail pushing against her engorged flesh made her bite on her bottom lip to stifle and deep moan.

Chrissie let Shannon go first, intently watching her pull the knots on each side of her thong undone. The little black thong seemed to hold there for a second, before the front fell down revealing Shannon’s glistening pussy. She was already noticeably wet and worked up. Shannon reached behind her and pulled the thong out from under her ass and threw it away. She ran a tentative finger over her puffy labia eliciting another cry of passion.

Chrissie knew she was at the point that she felt she needed to get off, and soon. She ran her long nails down the sides of her little g-string and tugged it free, making sure to leave one hand to probe her own folds. 

Both women sat on the bed alternating between touching their pussies, tweaking their breasts and sucking on their fingers in a provocative manner. All the while they looked across the bed at each other, waiting for that moment when they would join each other. 

Chrissie began to wildly trace circles over her hot flesh, her own wetness coating her fingers as she built up pace, her pussy asking for more. Shannon saw this and spread her legs ever further and began to mimic Chrissie’s actions. Both women lay on the bed with their sweetness exposed pleasuring themselves in an ever escalating way. Their gentle moans and cries of pleasure filling the room.

“Oh shit,” said Chrissie in an abrupt voice. “Mmmm, I need to get off so much, this is getting to hot for me.” Chrissie stared at Shannon who was wrapped up in her own world. She stopped to meet Chrissie’s gaze and knew exactly what to say.

“How about we play with the toys?” offered Shannon. She reached across the bed and picked up a good sized blue vibrator and brought it over her wet flesh. Shannon swirled it around in her own juices before bringing it up to her mouth and sucking on it in the most graphic of ways.

Not to be outdone, Chrissie selected a floppy translucent dildo and immediately licked and sucked on it as though it were the real thing. The dildo flopped against her cheek, down her chin and neck before she rolled her tongue out over its knobby head. 

“After you,” purred Chrissie in a coarse voice her own lust obvious. Shannon ran her vibrator down her body and over her mound, parting the carefully trimmed pubic hairs. There was a slight jump in Shannon’s voice as the vibrator finally made contact with her sensitive crotch. The gentle vibrations leading to a series of sighs as she probed her entrance just waiting to pounce.

Chrissie watched as Shannon waited to penetrate herself, she could tell that Shannon intended they fuck themselves together. The floppy dildo made its way over her huge tits down her belly and into the slickness of her folds. Chrissie wiped her pussy and anus with the shaft of the rubber cock, and then held it against her love canal. 

Both women plunged the toys deep inside themselves, moaning out load as they did so. “This is so fucking hot,” cried Shannon, on the verge of losing control. Chrissie was more circumspect about the situation and paced her thrusts so as not to go right over the top straight away. 

“You know what would be even hotter?” posed Chrissie in a sexy tone. “If you came over to this side of the bed.” 

That was all the invitation Shannon needed, with a hand still wrapped around the vibrator and still pleasuring herself she shuffled over to Chrissie who made a small move to meet her. Chrissie was now pumping the dildo a little faster. Shannon alternated between fucking herself and running the head of the vibrator over her exposed clit. 

Both women were now almost on top of each other, Shannon on her knees higher than Chrissie who sat with her legs spread wide apart. 

“Ummm,” moaned Chrissie throwing her head back in ecstasy. “You know what I want you to do?” cried Chrissie gazing into Shannon’s eyes. “I want you to go down on me while I fuck this rubber cock.”

Chrissie’s boldness was met with a warm smile from Shannon as she bent over, leaving the vibrator firmly held between her pussy lips. Shannon’s head solely disappeared into Chrissie’s crotch, Chrissie continuing to pump the toy back and forth. Shannon placed her hand over the end of the dildo, giving Chrissie the signal to stop as she took over the pleasuring of her friend.
