 It was a brisk September morning in Philadelphia. The wind called softly through the trees and the leaves of fall scattered along the drive. Samantha had started her day just like any other, she had her morning run and then she raced home to shower before her appointment. Before her shower she admired herself in the mirror. She was an exceptional beauty with long, straight, brown hair that reached her mid-back. She had a very athletic body with perky c-cup breasts and her skin was a fine tan brown. 

She had been feeling exceptionally tense since her recent break up with her boyfriend of six months, Andrew. Their splitting had been a nasty one after she had discovered him in bed with one of her closest friends. She was trying to forget all that now. She was starting to think of herself and trying to participate in activities that would boost her self-esteem and relax her anxiety-ridden body. She had scheduled a massage for later on that day at the "Palms of Relaxation Massage Parlor" with a masseuse who had come recommended highly by a close friend. She finished up her morning routine, grabbed her bag, and headed out to the parlor. The breeze was stiff outside her small cottage home and her long brown hair whipped in her face as she struggled to get to her car. 

She arrived at the parlor 10 minutes before her scheduled appointment and proceeded to wait in the lounge until the receptionist called her in. Since she had a few minutes to wait, she decided to use that opportunity to fix her wind-blown hair and to apply her candy apple lip balm. Her fingers dipped into the balm and she slowly ran her finger over her lips, smacking them together and thickly coating them with sweet nectar. When she was done, she proceeded to lick the residue off of the tip of her finger. Just as she was sucking the last bits of candy apple off of her fingertip, the receptionist called her into the room. 

"Samantha? Right this way dear." 

The receptionist beckoned her into a dark room that was filled with the sounds of trickling water and ethereal music. The walls were covered with images of people meditating and on the far wall hung a diploma that read:

