 It had been a great run and workout, but today Dina was really feeling it. Two days later, her upper leg and lower back were still sore; sore enough that pain relievers and hot baths were not helping.

Dina decided to get a massage.

Dina asked around and found a place not too far away that was recommended by an employee at her gym. She didn't know him well, but he was enthusiastic about the recommendation, so she made an appointment.

Dina showed up and spoke briefly with the masseuse. Her introduced herself as Cindy, and she was adorable. She was in her late 20s, with a great body, long wavy brown hair, wearing a t-shirt and yoga pants. She had B cup breasts, and from the tightness of the yoga pants, Dina was pretty sure she wasn't wearing any panties. Dina tried to sneak a peek and confirm, but she didn't want to be too obvious about it.

She showed Dina into the massage room and showed her where the towel was for Dina to change into. She told Dina to completely disrobe and lay on the bench face down while wrapped in the towel. 

Dina felt a bit odd, but figured "What the heck" and started to undress. When she was fully naked, she tied her hair up and she paused briefly to admire herself, turning backwards and forwards, really enjoying how sculpted she was becoming.

Dina picked up the towel, and was somewhat concerned that it just barley wrapped around her body, but figured that no one else would see, and then realized that since it would be draped over her when she was laying down, it didn't matter. 

As Dina slid the towel behind her back, she heard a knock at the door and Cindy walked in. Dina was completely naked, and was fairly certain that Cindy had stepped in hoping to catch her naked. Dina felt weirdly flattered and amused by this, that a hot, young masseuse would want to see her naked, but she wrapped herself up and sat down on the massage table.

Cindy busied herself walking around the room, lighting incense (which Dina wasn't crazy about) and putting on relaxing music. She approached the table and asked Dina to lie down. 

Dina lay on her belly, and Cindy had her lift herself up and slid the towel out from underneath her. She quickly folded the towel and laid it across Dina's beautiful ass.

Cindy slid her hand into a jar of massage oil and began to rub it on Dina's back. 

"I'll start on your back, and work my way down. I want to start loosening up your muscles slowly. OK?" said Cindy.

Dina was getting her back rubbed, and it felt great, so she didn't care.

Cindy was very quickly proving to be an excellent masseuse, and Dina was soon blissfully relaxed. Her mind started to wander, and she wondered why Cindy wasn't wearing any underwear, and the more she thought about it, the more she was sure Cindy had tried to see her naked. Dina started to get tuned on, and her horniness wasn't helped by the fact that a beautiful brunette was rubbing her back, her hands getting ever closer to Dina's ass. 

Just being touched was really starting to get to Dina, and she was getting horny. Plus, picturing Cindy naked started to really turn Dina on, and before she knew it, she was starting to get wet, with visions of happy endings dancing in her head. She had to figure out a way to control this, as Cindy was going to be focusing on her ass and leg muscles very soon, and she would know right away. 

Fate intervened, because just as Dina decided to stop focusing on Cindy's naked body and smooth pussy lips, Cindy, who was standing by Dina's head, leaned forward to rub Dina's lower back. As she did so, her pussy was almost pushed right up against Dina's face. That did it. Dina could sense and smell Cindy's pussy, and she knew the wetness wouldn't stop now.

Cindy moved to Dina's side, and said "I'm going to start massaging your gluteal muscles in your backside and the adductor muscles in your inner thigh now. If anything I do makes you feel uncomfortable, please let me know. 

Dina mumbled, "OK".

Cindy moved around to Dina's left side, and slid to towel off of Dina's body, leaving her completely exposed. 

She took her hands and lifted Dina's left leg up, moving it to the side, with her knee on the edge of the table. She leaned over Dina, and did the same to her right leg. 

After checking to ensure Dina wasn't looking, Cindy took a long, lustful look at Dina's smooth, round ass and at her smooth pussy lips. She couldn't help but notice that Dina was wet, and that her pussy was showing definite signs of arousal.

"Mmmmmmmmm", thought Cindy to herself. "I would love to slide my tongue in there..."

Dina was more aware of what Cindy was doing than her masseuse realized, but wasn't entirely sure of how to react to the attention. All she knew was that it wasn't exactly turning her off.

Cindy started rubbing Dina's lower back, and after a few minutes, was running her hands across Dina's ass, pausing occasionally to put more oil on her. 

Truth be told, Dina was feeling great, and not just because of the images in her head. Cindy was really loosening up her muscles.

"I'm feeling tightness in your sides as well", said Cindy, "So I'm going to focus there as well. The only problem is that we may run long. I have no one booked after you, so I'm OK with it, if you are. I won't charge you for the full hour though. OK?"

Dina dreamily answered, "OK" so Cindy kept going.

Soon Cindy was rubbing her hands up and down Dina's sides, really working her fingertips into Dina's muscles. She kept sliding up, and decided to test Dina a bit. She slid her hands across the sides of her breasts, and Dina let a little moan out.

Cindy paused and rubbed more oil into her hands, and put them back onto Dina's breasts. Using the oil, she started sliding her fingers under Dina's breasts. 

At this point, Dina decided to let her do whatever she wanted to her. She was that turned on, so she "pretended" to shift her body up a bit so that Cindy could cup her breasts. 

Cindy smiled, and knew this beautiful woman was hers to play with.

She briefly massaged Dina's breasts, and ran her thumbs and index fingers across Dina's nipples. She felt them harden in her hands. Another moan escaped Dina's lips.

Cindy worked her way back down Dina's back, and was soon massaging her ass. She was using both hands on one cheek, then the other. 

Kneading each cheek in turn, Cindy would also "accidentally" run a fingertip between them, running the back of her nail across Dina's asshole. With every touch, Dina would feel a jolt of pleasure run through her body.

The silence was broken by Cindy saying "I need to put a small pillow underneath your body so I can stretch your leg muscles as I rub them, OK?" 

Dina lifted her waist up until her knees were straight and her arms and head were still on the table. Dina felt like she was doing yoga, only naked. She knew she was so exposed, but she didn't care. Her beautiful tits were dangling down as Cindy slid a pillow under her pelvis. 

When the pillow was in place, Cindy decided to see if Dina was really ready. She ran her hands up Dina's sides, and took each breast in her hands. Cupping them, she kneaded each one briefly, and then slowly slid her fingers down, grasping each nipple. She gave each one a gentle twist and pull. Dina smiled. 

"Lie back down", said Cindy and Dina did. She was face down on the massage table with her ass in the air.

Cindy ran her hands back down and spread Dina's legs again. 

Starting at Dina's calves she massaged each one in turn, and slowly worked her way up Dina's left leg, first in the back of her leg, then slowly up her inner thigh.

With her left hand on the back, and the right hand inside, Cindy ran her hands up Dina's thigh, just to the outside of Dina's pussy lips, up and back, up and back.

Switching to Dina's right leg, she did the same thing, brushing her hand lightly against Dina's opening lips. 

Back to the left leg, up and down. Then Cindy ran her hand directly through Dina's ass cheeks, pushing her knuckle into Dina's asshole. She felt it give a little under the pressure, so she pushed a little more... and moved on. 

Dina was in heaven.

Cindy started rubbing Dina's lower back with her left hand, and she ran the back of her right hand down Dina's ass again, again rubbing her asshole with her knuckle. She kept it there, running it around in circles, gently, but firmly. She felt Dina's ass rising to meet her hand.

Smiling, she stopped rubbing, and Dina lay back down. When she was back down, Cindy slid her hand lower, and ran her finger all the way down Dina's slit.

"Ooooooooh..." was all she heard. 

Dina was as horny as she'd ever been. She was dripping wet, and wanted this girl to make her cum. She pushed her pussy back into Cindy's hand, and was rewarded with Cindy's finger finding her clit and running circles around it.

As she rubbed Dina's clit, Cindy's thumb found Dina's asshole, and she matched the circles around her clit with gentle pressure and circles around her asshole. She knew that she could slide her fingers inside Dina if she wanted to.

But she wanted to hear it.

"Do you want my fingers inside you?" Cindy asked?

"Yes", answered Dina.

"Are you sure? Because I want to play everywhere." said Cindy.

"Yes." answered Dina.

"Then tell me", said Cindy. "Tell me what you want. Tell me exactly what you want."

Dina paused momentarily, but she knew she was too far-gone. 

"I want your fingers inside me. I want them in my pussy...", said Dina.

"Just your pussy?" Cindy smiled.

"My ass. My ass too. Put your finger in my ass too. I love that. Please, don't stop."

Cindy smiled, and slowly, ever so slowly, she slid her middle finger inside Dina's soaking wet pussy, as deep as she could go. At the same time, she slid her thumb into Dina's tight asshole. 

When they were both inside, she held them there, and gently brought her fingers together.

Dina could feel the pressure inside her, and she moaned, loudly.

Cindy began sliding her finger in and out of Dina's pussy, and tugging at her ass gently with her thumb.

After fucking Dina for a few minutes, she slid her fingers out. 

"Lift yourself up, life yourself the way you were before." said Cindy.

Dina lifted herself up, and when her beautiful ass was up in the air, she was rewarded with Cindy's fingers back on her pussy. 

Cindy started rubbing Dina's clit again; more circles, occasionally flicking across it with her fingertips.

She would slide her fingers up and down her slit, slide one a little bit inside, and then move back down. 

Dina felt Cindy's other hand sliding down her back, towards her ass. She felt it slip between her cheeks, massaging and rubbing, probing and teasing.

"More" she said. "Put a finger inside me again".

Cindy smiled, and slid her index finger deep inside Dina's oiled ass. 

At the same time, she began to push harder against Dina's clit. Circling. Pushing. Fucking. Rubbing.

Dina's orgasm had been building for a while, and though she tried to hold back, she gave up, and exploded. She came in waves, and it felt like she came for hours.

As she started to come down from her orgasm, Cindy stared rubbing again, bringing Dina right back to the edge, and she exploded again. 

Then she did it again and again. It was heaven.

After a few minutes of non-stop orgasms, Cindy slowly rested Dina back down on the table. 

Cindy ran her fingers up and down Dina's back and legs, relaxing her.

She leaned down towards Dina's ear, and whispered "Turn over." 

Dina wasn't sure if she could cum anymore, but she slowly rolled over.

Cindy leaned down, and came back up with what looked like two towels, folded into long rectangles. 

She took one and placed it over Dina's breasts; the other she placed over her pussy. 

"To preserve your modesty", Cindy giggled.

Dina looked up at her, and smiled. 

"No," she said. "I want you to see me. I like you looking at me." With that, she took the towel off of her pussy and dropped it on the floor. Her landing strip and swollen lips were very visible, and she saw Cindy looking down. Smiling, Dina spread her legs open for her. 

Seeing Cindy's reaction turned Dina on, so she spread her legs ever wider, and pulled her knees back.

Cindy stood there, looking at Dina, taking all of her in. She looked so sexy. 

Cindy slid her index in middle fingers deep inside Dina's pussy, twisting them around, and pushing them up against the sponginess of her G-Spot. 

She fingered Dina's pussy, then pulled her fingers out slowly, and brought them to her mouth. She slid them into her mouth and sucked Dina's juices off of them. Dina looked at her and said, "I want some too." 

Cindy leaned down, and kissed Dina's soft mouth, and as Dina opened her lips, Cindy slid her tongue inside, both of them enjoying the taste of Dina's pussy.

Cindy looked hungrily at Dina and said, "I want more..."

Before Dina could say anything, Cindy moved down, spun Dina sideways on the table, and sucked Dina's clit into her mouth.

As she sucked on Dina's clit, Cindy was also sliding her fingers into Dina's pussy.

Dina was dripping so much, that her asshole looked perfect. Cindy smiled to herself and slid a finger into Dina's ass, then another. As she sucked on Dina's clit, and flicked it with her tongue, she fucked her ass with her fingers.

Dina lay there, enjoying the feeling. This stranger was eating her like no one ever had. This was the best she'd felt in forever. She pulled the towel off of her beautiful c-cup breasts, and started playing with her nipples.

Dina loved being rough with her nipples, and was vigorously pulling on them. 

The combination of the pussy sucking, ass fingering and nipple pulling made Dina explode, and she had her biggest orgasm of the day.

A few minutes later, Dina was recovering. Cindy has straightened her out on the table and covered her with a towel.

She leaned in to kiss Dina, and said "Same time next week?"

Dina smiled.

*****

After a few days, Dina was horny again, and went online to find some porn to help her masturbate. Like most times, she went looking for porn involving two women. Dina logged into her favorite movie site, and starting scrolling through the videos. Soon enough, she saw an amateur one that caught her eye. It was called "The MILF and the Masseuse". It seemed a perfect way to relive her experience.

Dina clicked on the video, and all of a sudden a very familiar looking room showed up on her laptop screen. And then, she saw...