 Annabelle sat in the lounge of a fancy New York spa drinking hot tea and listening to the gurgle of the fake waterfall. Her white robe revealed the top of her C breasts, her tanned skin and her long legs. Her brown hair was down across her shoulders and her green eyes were bright as always. She was petite and gorgeous by any man's standards, the man on the other side of the lounge stared at her relentlessly. She had been sitting there for five minutes when her masseuse arrived. Her masseuse, who's name was Brittney was curvy and tall. Her blonde hair was up in a high ponytail.

"Annabelle?" Brittney asked. The first thing Annabelle noticed when she looked at Brittney was her long legs and how utterly beautiful she was. Brittney noticed the hint of Annabelle's breasts peaking through the gap in her robe. "Follow me." Brittney led the way into a massage room where the lights were turned down. "Here, you can get under the sheets and I'll be back in a second." With a smile she left the room and Annabelle took off her robe and hung it on the hook on the back of the door. Taking a moment to glance at her naked form in the mirror, Annabelle ran her hands over her perky breasts and her nipples hardened immediately. With a mischievous smile Annabelle climbed between the warm sheets. Soon came Brittney's knock at the door and she entered. It was all Brittney could do not to rip the sheets off of Annabelle's beautiful body and lick her wet cunt. She restrained herself and got back to her job. "Would you prefer scented or unscented oil?" 

"What does the scented smell like?" Annabelle asked. Brittney walked and got the oil, offering it to Annabelle for her to smell. Annabelle rolled over on the massage table and sat up, exposing her naked breasts. Brittney couldn't help but stare. Annabelle had perfect breasts, large, sensuous and perfectly tanned. Her nipples were large and hard. Annabelle noticed the effect she was having on Brittney and smiled, knowing that this would be a very interesting massage. "I'd like scented oils please." Annabelle said, lying back down on her stomach. Standing above her head, Brittney rolled the blanket down to the bottom of Annabelle's back. 

"Is there any place specifically that you'd like specific attention paid to?" Brittney asked trying to distance herself from Annabelle's naked body that was tempting her. Brittney had always been a lesbian, she had known since she was 16 when she had come out to her best friend and they had had sec that very night. She didn't dare tell anyone at work however, just in case it freaked anyone out. 

"Yes, my lower back has been hurting me." Annabelle said, specifically trying to get Brittney's hands as close to her cunt as possible. Annabelle was bi and knew it well. She enjoyed sex with everyone and had it as often as possible, which was pretty often considering her good-looks. 

Taking some massage oil in her hands, Brittney rubbed her hands down Annabelle's back slowly, starting at her shoulders and going down to the top of her round ass. Her skin was smooth and it sent shivers up Brittney's spine. Walking around to Annabelle's left side, Brittney began to work out the tension in Annabelle's lower back, constantly wanting to inch lower but not daring to. Suddenly, as if she had read Brittney's mind, Annabelle spoke.

"Lower." She said her voice husky and aroused. Brittney's hands went below the top of the blanket so that they were massaging the area where Annabelle's back became her ass. "Lower." Annabelle's voice was insistent and Brittney happily complied. Her hands were now fully massaging Annabelle's ass. It felt fantastic; her skin was soft and her ass hard and toned. Brittney decided to take a risk. She ran her hand down from the top of Annabelle's ass between her butt cheeks until her fingers were at her tight asshole. Annabelle moaned and Brittney took her hands away to get more oil. Taking more of the hot liquid in her palms, her hands went back to Annabelle's ass. "Lower," Annabelle insisted again. Brittney's hands were now below Annabelle's ass and only inches from her cunt which was already wet. Annabelle spread her legs, inviting Brittney to continue. Brittney hesitantly began to massage the area around Annabelle's pussy and she moaned. Brittney smiled at the effect she was having on Annabelle. Hesitantly, Brittney touched Annabelle's clit and she moaned Brittney's name. Brittney touched her clit more insistently and Annabelle twisted herself around on the table. Brittney became terrified that Annabelle was going to throw a fit and get Brittney fired, but instead, Annabelle tore the blanked off herself and spread her legs for Brittney. 

Brittney took a moment to admire Annabelle's long, lean body but Annabelle's voice drew her out of her reverie. "Fuck me goddamn it!" She said and Brittney was more than happy to comply. Seeing Annabelle's open pussy, Brittney rammed two fingers deep inside without warning. Annabelle moaned as Brittney began to pump her fingers in and out, each time hitting Annabelle's g-spot. Annabelle's pussy was tight and dripping wet as Brittney drove her fingers deep inside. Her thumb found Annabelle's clit and began to massage insistently. Within moments Annabelle came powerfully and loudly. Brittney began to be thankful for the fact that they were in the massage room that was separated from the other ones so that no one could hear them. Brittney pulled her fingers out of Annabelle's cunt and sucked the juices from them. Annabelle was already getting aroused watching her. She sat up in the bed and pulled Brittney's body between her legs. Taking her lips quickly, Annabelle and Brittney kissed ferociously, breaking apart for only long enough to remove Brittney's shirt. Annabelle undid Brittney's bra, her DD breasts spilling out of her bra. Annabelle took one in her mouth and sucked on her hard nipple while Brittney massaged Annabelle's tits. Annabelle insistently began to undo Brittney's pants and they were off in a matter of seconds. At that moment, Brittney lifted Annabelle up. Annabelle's legs wrapped around Brittney's, Brittney walked up against a wall and leaned backwards on it. Her hands were grabbing at Annabelle's ass and she inserted her pinky finger into Annabelle's ass. Annabelle moaned in Brittney's mouth, egging her on. She slowly pushed her finger deeper and deeper into Annabelle's virgin ass while Annabelle kissed Brittney harder than she'd ever kissed anyone and ground her hips into Brittney's stomach. Brittney could feel Annabelle's juices flowing against her taught stomach. 

Standing up straight again, Brittney walked back to the massage table, with Annabelle's legs still wrapped around her waist. Annabelle lay back and pulled Brittney onto the table with her. Brittney kneeled over Annabelle's face and slowly lowered her cunt onto Annabelle's tongue. Annabelle sucked Brittney's pussy, getting every drop of juice. Suddenly Annabelle stuck her finger deep into Brittney's ass and Brittney moaned deeply. She had been fingered in the ass but it had never felt like this. She loved the feeling of being fucked in both holes. She began to buck over Annabelle and shortly came all over Annabelle's face. Brittney was going to climb off and reciprocate, but Annabelle's hands on Brittney's thighs kept her there. Annabelle guided her until Brittney's asshole was hovering over Annabelle's mouth. Annabelle pulled Brittney down so that she was hovering just over Annabelle's face. Taking her hands to Brittney's clit, Annabelle began to run her tongue along the outside rim of Brittney's asshole. Brittney had never experienced anything so fantastically erotic. Soon enough Annabelle drove her tongue into Brittney's ass and fingered her clit violently. Brittney collapsed with a powerful second orgasm. 

Crawling down Annabelle's lithe body, Brittney began to kiss Annabelle down her stomach towards her pussy. Annabelle's cautionary hand stopped her. Annabelle spoke the first coherent sentence she had said in a while. "No, I want you to watch me." Brittney smiled widely; this was one of her favorite things. Annabelle guided her to a chair in the corner of the room and sat Brittney down. Climbing into her lap, Annabelle began a lap dance, grinding her hips erotically into Brittney's, her breasts moving with every move of her hips. Spinning herself around in Brittney's lap, Annabelle lay back against Brittney's chest, feeling Brittney's hard nipples pressing into her back. Annabelle began to massage her own clit harshly. Pumping her fingers in and out of her cunt, she came with a screaming orgasm. Brittney didn't let her rest, but instead, swung her around and made her lie with her back on Brittney's lap. With Annabelle's legs spread wide in front of Brittney's face, Brittney didn't hesitate to start to suck on her cunt. First slow, then faster and faster until yet another screaming orgasm ripped through Annabelle's body. Just at that moment, there was a knock at the door and a voice came from the other side.

"Brittney, the hour's up, I guess you forgot to set your time, sorry to interrupt." Annabelle and Brittney recovered; Annabelle still sprawled in Brittney's lap.

"Thank you." Brittney said with as even a voice as she could muster. After another strong kiss Annabelle climbed off of Brittney and began to get dressed. Brittney followed suit and in less than a minute they were dressed again. Annabelle moved towards the door and was halfway out when she turned back to look and Brittney.

"From now on, you're always my masseuse." With a smile, Annabelle was gone.