 It was shopping day again, I got my husband off to work and the kids off to school. I had my morning shower staying a little longer than normal, some of the muscles in my back and legs felt a little tight. I got myself ready for the shopping trip. I wandered around the shopping centre trying on some nice clothes and of course, some shoes. Last on the list was the groceries. 

The muscles in my legs were starting to become stiff again. I decided to treat myself to a massage to loosen up my tired muscles. There was a small shop tucked away in the corner of the shopping centre with a massage sign above the door, so after putting the groceries in the car I decided to pay them a visit.

I went into the store where I was greeted by a receptionist. I was given a list of available massages. The masseuse was a female so I decided to go for the full body massage as I had never had one before. I was lead into a small change room where I got undressed and wrapped myself in a towel. I went through another door where the masseuse who was dressed in a short white coat was waiting for me. I lay face down on the table which was only just wide enough for me and put my head through the hole at the top of the table. The towel was draped over my back, only covering backside.

The masseuse started on my legs rubbing and kneading the warm oil into my tired legs. I was starting to relax and enjoy the massage, her hands moving up and down the length of my legs. Occasionally as she rubbed her hand up to the top of my legs her hand brushed my shaven pussy. I didn't know if it was an accident or on purpose. I found that when she brushed her hand near my pussy it sent a small shiver through my body. I was surprised that I was getting wet between my legs. It was then she removed the towel and I was lying completely naked on the table. 

As she continued to work on my legs I opened them a little wider to give her a good view of my wet pussy. She paid more attention to the tops of my legs. As she went from one leg to another her hand rubbed against my pussy and seemed to linger there before moving to the other leg. By now my pussy was very wet.

She said she needed more oil, so she moved to the other side of the room where the fragrant oils were kept. When she returned she continued to massage my legs. As she moved from one leg to another she rubbed her finger up the length of my pussy, I think she was enjoying it as much as I was.

The door opened and another girl came in, she started to massage my legs as the masseuse moved to my back and shoulders. The girl massaging my legs and buttocks made a special point of rubbing her fingers around my moist pussy. she asked me to turn over so she could massage the front of my legs. I thought, why not, I was enjoying the attention I was getting and I also wanted to see how far I would let it go. When I had rolled over the masseuse who was massaging me back started on my shoulders and down across my breasts.

By this time I was becoming so aroused I opened my legs a little wider to give her better access to my pussy. She rubbed across my pussy and inserted the tip of her finger inside my pussy and across my clitoris which made me let out a low moan. As if it was a signal to both of them they both got undressed and then returned to me. They both had small tits with very erect nipples and like me, pussy's that were shaved smooth. The massage now changed all the attention was now on my breasts and pussy.

While one masseuse rubbed my tits and tweaked my hard nipples between her fingers, something I have always loved. The other was rubbing my clitoris and inserting her fingers into my wet pussy. Then I felt the familiar feel of a large dildo being rubbed around the opening of my pussy. I have a dildo I have at home that I use when I'm horny during the day. Almost by instinct I started to push towards it until I felt the whole 10 inches buried deep in my pussy. It was thrust in and out of my pussy until I could feel a large orgasm building. I was rubbing the other masseuses pussy while she played with my tits and squeezed my erect nipples.

Then I couldn't hold on any longer I exploded in one of the biggest orgasms I had had for a long time. I guess that meant that the massage was over as both girls smiled and left the room. After what seemed an eternity I got up on slightly wobbly legs, got dressed and left the room. As I went past the reception area the girl behind the desk asked I enjoyed the massage and would I like to make an appointment. Without even thinking I booked an appointment for the same time next week. That will be another story.