 I laid down on her table and she covered my legs and ass with a sheet. The smell of her massage oil filled my nose as she lubed up her hands. I closed my eyes and relaxed as her fingers came down on my skin and she started to rub my aching neck and shoulders. She spoke, and I listened to her soft voice, her gentle tones humming in my ears as she manipulated my tense muscles and rubbed away the tension.

"How is the writing going?" she asked me- moving down to my lower back. I told her it was going well, I was having fun and trying to figure out a way to convince myself that writing is a calling I should answer.

"I have been reading your blog. It's very sexy," she moved down to my back. I had gotten used to her touch and she no longer tickled me. Her fingers were connected to my skin and she never lost contact with me while she pushed and kneaded my back.

I sighed and moaned gently as her fingers pressed against my right lower back, instinctively moving away from her fingers. I have one particularly sensitive area on my back, I am incredibly ticklish there, but it is also quite an erogenous zone when I'm in the right mood. She knew this, and she knew she had found it. We'd seen each other naked, at different times. Kissed once or twice. Usually revolving around alcohol. Our friendship had been long, sprinkled with sexual innuendo. Flirtatious and genuine.

"Right there?" she whispered to me, her voice deepening a bit. I turned my head and looked at her. She was smiling at me, innocently, her face a bit flushed from the wine- but appearing perfectly calm.

"Mmhmm," I said and moved my hand out and touched her leg. She had on a skirt, which she didn't usually wear. I had assumed she had come right from the office job. She continued to rub the sensitive spot on my back with one hand, while moving making wide strokes on my back with the other.

"I really like the stories about you getting fucked. I found that picture of you with that dildo stuffed inside you. That was really sexy."

My hand gently slipped under her skirt, but I continued only to touch her thigh. Running my finger tips up and down her creamy flesh, I could feel my pussy start to swell. "What else?" I asked her.

"I'm going to do your legs now," she said, pulling the sheet from me completely, "Do you want me to cover you?"

"No." I whispered as the sheet fell to the floor.

Her hands fell on the back of my thighs and she pulled one towards her, opening them a bit. I closed my eyes. Her hands, flat against my skin smoothed up and down the back of my thighs. She always began this way, knowing how ticklish I am. Her finger tips ran along the inside of my thighs- all the way up under the curve of my ass. She stopped and kneaded my lower bottom for a moment, then moved back down, again and again each time getting a little closer to my pussy- but never touching me. "I like the way you describe being filled with cock, or with that dildo."

My fingers ran down to her knee and back up the inside of her thigh. Her feet were planted firmly on the ground, she did not move away from me, or even acknowledge that I was touching her. I continued to graze against her inner thigh, feeling her supple skin. I ran my fingers up her thigh until the side of my finger brushed gently against her silky panties before pulling them away. She gasped but continued to massage my thighs.

"Is that ok?" I whispered to her, moving my hands back up her thigh.

Her hands stopped moving on my legs. I opened my eyes again and looked into her eyes. "Yes." she whispered as I touched her once more.

She continued to massage my legs as I kept my palm at the top of her thigh. I moved them back and forth, gently rubbing her pussy through her panties. I ran the back of my fingers up to the top of her mound and down again, feeling her getting wet. I hooked my finger under her panties with one finger and pulled it aside as my other finger pushed between her lips and I felt her slick wetness drip on my fingers. She moaned, and leaned forward onto the table, moving her slim hips to move against my fingers, gently rubbing her and making my way to her sweet hole. I pushed two fingers inside her and she moaned out. delicious. Just like I had always imaged her to be.

"Lift your skirt" I told her. She did as I asked, exposing herself to me. Shaven, save for a thin strip, that I could see through her sheer panties that were pushed aside to make way for my fingers that were moving slowly in an out of her cunt. She gripped the table with one hand, pulled her panties farther to the side so I could see more of her. Her blue eyes were bright and glazed, her red hair resting softly on her shoulders. Her lips fell open and she stared deeply into my eyes, taking quick breaths. The scent of her sweet cunt hit my senses and I immediately needed to taste her.

I let my fingers slip from her sex while I moved off the table and got in my knees in front of her. I grabbed her hands and put them on the table that was now behind me. "Keep them there." I instructed her. Her head threw back as I lifted her skirt to her waist and pulled her panties down. She was stepped out of them and positioned her legs aside me. Her cunt was now just inches from my face as she leaned over me. I moved under her a bit, and stuck my tongue between her legs. She moaned deeply as she felt my tongue hit her pussy. I dragged my tongue up on her licked her pussy. Sucking her lips and tasting her. She was sweet, slick, and clean. I continued to lazily explore her with my tongue- tasting her pussy and inhaling her sweet sex. I knew how she loved the build up as we had many talks in the past about what we like. She moaned and encouraged me- pushing her cunt into my tongue when I hit a spot she liked, and then offering a sexy whimper when I would eventually move away from it.

My fingers had found my own clit and it was hard and aching as well. I pushed my tongue up towards hers and dragged my tongue across it. She let out a deep broken moan as her hard clit throbbed against me. I put some pressure on it, and moved it slowly back and forth. Covering all sides of her with my tongue, pressure, gentle friction. Two fingers rubbed my pussy in hard circles as my tongue continued it's assault on her hot clit. Her hands gripped her table tightly and her hips trembled. I snaked my other hand up her tight and pushed one finger into her hole, feeling her wetness drip down my hand. I pushed against her gspot- firmly, almost hooking at her pubic bone. She was swollen and hot and I continued.

"Don't stop," she called me, "Oh god- don't fucking stop." Dirty encouragement dripped from her lips as I fucked her. My finger and tongue moving together, as my own clit blazed in sensation. "Yes.. that's it." she cried as she opened up for me and wetness rushed from her pussy. I lapped it up, as her knees bent and her hips grounded against me. I pushed one more finger in her as she fucked my face and hand. Wild. Uncontrolled. One hand moved to the back of my head. She took her pleasure from me and I came along with her, lost in her excitement and aching for my own release. I continued to lick and fuck her until said she needed to stop. Exhausted and breathless, she lay forward on her table, her skirt laying across the middle of her sexy ass.

I crawled over to my desk drawer and pulled out my dildo. She smiled wickedly at me, but did not move. I moved behind her and pushed it against her wet hole. I rubbed it against her wet swollen pussy, getting it wet before pushing it inside her. "Ahhhhhh," she moaned, taking in the thick cock. I gave her a second to adjust to it, and then I began to fuck her. Slowly at first, gently. Her ass in the air and her hands at her sides, holding on the the table, so as not to be pushed to the other side. Taking it in. "Harder," she whispered, "Fuck me-hard." I was in heaven. I leaned forward and grabbed a handful of her hair, not pulling hard, but enough to increase her excitement and I fuck her with my dildo. "Mmmmm yes." 

Hard and fast, I fucked her as she pushed back against my dildo, my cock, as she came hard on it, but never stopping to rest. She was insatiable and I continued to fuck her, talking to her and telling her to cum again. Again for me baby. I reached under her and gently tugged at her soft patch of pussy hair while I continued to violate her cunt.

She came once more, calling out to me this time as her head threw back wildly and her orgasm gripped her body in white hot flashes. I slowed the thrusts to match hers and let her ride it out and come down, trembling and spent.