 Author's Note: Thank You to everyone for there comments and support. Here is Part 3. Sorry for the delay, but it was the Holiday's. Hope you enjoy!!

**********************

Bethany yanked her hand from the door and stared at it as if it wasn't hers. 

"Just a minute," she heard Brenda call through the door.

Part of her wanted to run, hard and fast, as far as she could, but she was frozen in place by the part of her that hungered for even a glimpse of the beautiful woman on the other side of the door. Her pulse quickened as she heard the rustling inside and the bolt of the lock being slid back.

"Bethany," her teacher said, a little out of breath and looking somewhat flustered. "Hi. Please...come in."

"Are you alright?" Bethany asked, stepping in out of the rain. "Is there somebody else here?"

"No," Brenda said, the color in her cheeks deepening. "No one's here. You know I live alone. Please, come inside."

"Okay," Bethany said eyeing the older woman. Something was wrong, she just couldn't quite put her finger on it.

"Wow," she said stepping into the living room. "Nice place you have here, Ms. Thompson."

"Thanks," Brenda said with a smile. "And please, call me Brenda. I'm not your teacher anymore, and it's just us here, so there's no need to be so formal."

"Okay, Brenda," Bethany said, looking her former teacher up and down. "Never seen you in jeans before. Just skirts. They look really good on you."

"Thanks," Brenda said, blushing again. Her breathing had finally calmed back down to a more normal pace. "Um...can I offer you something to drink?"

"Jell-o shot would be great," Bethany said, smiling impishly. "But what ever you have would be fine."

"Oh, you," Brenda said with a smile and walked into the kitchen. Bethany watched as her teacher walked away, her eyes glued to the denim-clad ass in front of her. She bit her bottom lip as she looked at it, feeling the wonderful heat in her loins. "You can put your things on the table there, then we can get started, okay?"

"Sure, Ms...um Brenda," Bethany said trying to pull her thoughts back a bit. "This one?"

"Yes, that one," Brenda said looking in briefly from the kitchen. Bethany had made a point of leaning over the table, to show off her own tight ass, hoping the older woman would see. She had not counted on the rain when she chose this outfit, but doubted that she would have changed it, rain or no rain. She was wearing her favorite red mini-skirt and a red t-shirt that said "Hottie" on the front in big blue glittery letters. Her friends liked to tease her about it, saying that it made her look like a slut because the skirt would ride up when she bent over, giving the world a wonderful view of her panties. When she actually wore panties, that is. Sometimes she would wear a thong, and if she was feeling particularly naughty, nothing at all. Today, she had opted for red, French cut panties with matching bra.

"Oh, Bethany," she hear Brenda say, coming back into the room. She looked to be blushing again, and Bethany suspected that she had seen what she wanted her to. "Y-You must be freezing in those wet clothes. Why don't we get you out of them so I can put them in the dryer."

"Why, Brenda," Bethany said with mock horror. "Do you think that's appropriate for our 'teacher-student' relationship?"

"Oh, Bethany," she said, her face turning a deep crimson. "I didn't...I mean...I wasn't thinking like that. Really."

"It's okay, Brenda," Bethany said with a giggle and a wink. "I was just playing with you. Do you have anything I can change into? Or would you rather teach me in my birthday suit?"

"That's enough, young lady," Brenda said, trying to sound stern. It appeared to Bethany that her color had deepened a bit more. "There's a...um...a robe...in the...um...bathroom. It's...um...it's over there," she continued, pointing to a door down the hall, her eyes trying to avoid the younger woman.

"Thanks," Bethany said, walking toward the door. She wanted to look over her shoulder and see if the older woman was watching her, but there was no need to. The mirror on the wall by the front door told her what she needed to know. Mainly that her teacher was not just looking at her ass, but staring at it. And was she trembling? When she got to the door of the bathroom, she looked back at Brenda, smiled, winked and went inside.

After closing the bathroom door, Bethany fell back against it, her legs shaking and knees weak. Her heart was thudding hard in her chest, and she took a few deep breaths trying to calm herself down. She couldn't believe this was happening. She was in her former teachers house, about to be all but naked before the woman she had dreamed about. But there was something more. She could feel that Brenda wanted her too, but something was holding her back. And there was still something about the way she looked when she opened the door that prayed on Bethany's mind, just outside of reach. She blinked her eyes and swallowed a couple of times, trying to gather herself together, then took off her clothes. She was about to remove her bra and panties, then decided to leave them on. At least for now.

She took the robe down from the hook on the wall and took a moment to stare at it. It was white, fluffy, and seemed to be made of some kind of fur. She looked at the tag and found that it was fake, but it still seemed really nice. As she was cinching it up, she saw the letters "BT" in thin script stitched in blue on the front, and it smelled of lavender and baby powder. She loved the way it felt against her skin, and was beginning to reconsider her decision about the bra and panties when she heard the soft knock on the door.

"Bethany?" Brenda said, making her gasp silently. "Is...is everything all right?"

Bethany took a deep breath and let it out. She smiled as she opened the door, trying to look a little naughty for the older woman. "Everything's just fine, Brenda," she said in a sultry voice. "Sorry about taking so long. I just love the feel of this robe. It's so...luxurious," she finished with a wink.

Brenda looked shyly away, fresh color rising in her cheeks. "Thanks," she said meekly. "It...it was a gift. From my parents."

"Well, they have wonderful taste," Bethany said, feeling the heat in her loins rising again. Something about Brenda's shyness was really turning her on. "Everything okay with you?"

"What..." Brenda stammered, trying not to look at her. "Oh...um...yeah, everything's fine. Um...if...um..." she swallowed and took a deep breath, trying to get a hold of herself. "If you'll give me those, I'll get them in the dryer for you."

"Oh, sure," Bethany said, suddenly remembering the wet clothes in her hand. "Here you go."

"I'll..." Brenda began, trying to take the clothes. As she did, Bethany made a point of touching her teachers hand, giving it a soft caress, her brown eyes locking onto the blue ones behind the small, wire-rim glasses. Her pulse quickened and adrenaline flooded her veins. Then Brenda pulled her trembling hand away, clutched tight around the wet clothes, her breathing coming in short quiet gasps. "I'll...um...be back in a minute." Then she turned and Bethany was sure she would have run if her legs hadn't been trembling so badly.

Bethany's own legs were shaking as she walked to the table, her hand clutching the robe between her breasts. She felt as if a bolt of electricity had passed between them when she touched Brenda's hand. She could think of no other way to describe it, and she knew with every fiber of her being that Brenda had felt it too.

She was sitting and sipping at the cocoa Brenda had made for her when the older woman returned a moment later, looking a little more pulled together. Bethany had her algebra book open in front of her, a spiral notebook next to it open to a blank page as Brenda sat down in the chair next to her.

"Is the cocoa okay?" Brenda asked, her eyes still trying to avoid the younger woman.

"It's delicious," Bethany replied, setting the mug down. "Brenda, I want to apologize for making fun of you earlier. Sometimes my mouth tends to run faster than my brain and I say things that are a bit...naughty. My friends tell me that it makes me seem like a slut. I'm really sorry."

"Oh, Bethany," Brenda said with a small smile. "I'm sure you're not...one of those. You just speak your mind, that's all. You always have. I think those friends of yours might just be jealous of you."

"Jealous?" Bethany said with a small giggle. "Of what? Of these?" she said opening the robe a bit at the top to flash her teacher with her bra-clad breasts.

"Bethany!" Brenda said, blushing again and looking away. "You really shouldn't do such things, young lady. Or people will think of you as...well...one of those. Besides, I bet you have bigger ones than I do."

"You might be right," Bethany said, smiling at the older woman's nervousness. She was about to change the subject when she finally noticed what it was that had been bothering her since her teacher had opened the door. Her blouse was buttoned wrong, and she could catch a glimpse of the older woman's bra in the gap of the fabric. "But I would really like to have a bigger pair someday. And I think yours are nice. They look good on you."

"Oh, well...thank you," Brenda said, blushing deeper. "But, I really think we need to...um...get to your homework."

"You seem a little tense, Brenda," Bethany said, deciding to try something. "You really need to relax. It's too bad you don't have another one of these robes. It's really soft and warm. I bet you love wearing it when you get out of the bath. Letting it...caress...your freshly scrubbed skin." As she said this, her knee was brushing against her teachers. She had reached out with her hand, touching Brenda's arm as she spoke in a soft, sultry voice.

"B-Bethany, please..." Brenda said, her voice soft and trembling.

"Please what, Brenda?" Bethany said, rising from her chair and walking behind the older woman. She began to massage Brenda's neck and shoulders.

"W-We..." Brenda gulped, her face a deep crimson.

"Doesn't this feel good Brenda?" Bethany whispered in her left ear, her lips just a hairsbreadth away. She switched over to the right ear and whispered, "Do you really want me to stop?"

Brenda's body was trembling as Bethany kneaded her shoulders. She moved her hands down the older woman's arms, then back up again. She nuzzled her face against her teacher's neck, lightly kissing the smooth flesh.

"Please," Brenda whispered weakly, but didn't get a chance to say anything else. Bethany had tipped her head back, and standing over her, leaned down to kiss her teacher. It surprised Bethany a little that both of there lips were trembling as they met. She pushed her tongue forward, and found Brenda's waiting for her. Their tongues danced, twisting and entwining against each other as Bethany held her teachers hot face gently in place.

"I don't want to do my homework," Bethany whispered, after breaking the kiss, her lips still playing at Brenda's. Her hands had slipped down and were slowly unbuttoning the blouse. She saw a dark spot spreading on her teacher's jeans. Brenda's legs had parted a bit and one of her hands had moved between them. "And I don't think you do either, Brenda."

Brenda simply whimpered and shook her head no. Her entire body was trembling, and gooseflesh formed anywhere Bethany touched her. Bethany had the blouse open now, and was still leaning over her teacher, kissing her neck as her hands slipped inside the cups, her fingers circling the erect nipples.

"Take me to your bed, Brenda," she said softly, nibbling on her left earlobe. "Let me help you relax."

Brenda nodded, trying her best to stand, but her legs wouldn't support her. Bethany helped her up, leaning on the older woman as much as Brenda leaned on her, their arms wrapped tight around each other. Brenda led her upstairs, almost not making it, and down a thankfully short hall to the master bedroom. Bethany gently pushed her teacher onto the bed, her desire for the woman higher than it had ever been.

She stepped back and opened the robe, removing it and laying it gently over a chair, before joining the older woman on the bed. Brenda had already kicked her shoes off, and Bethany's were still in the down-stairs bathroom.

"P-Please, Bethany," Brenda began only to have Bethany's fingers touch her lips.

"Shhhhhhh," she said, leaning down and kissing her neck. "Just lay there quietly and enjoy it Brenda."

She kissed her way down, her teeth grazing the older woman's smooth skin. She felt Brenda's fingers run thru her hair as she reached the top of her bra. Bethany pulled back, sliding her hands under Brenda's back and unhooking the bra. She stared into her eyes as she slid the blouse free of her arms, and then removed the bra. Brenda stared back, her eyes reflecting Bethany's lust for her. Bethany leaned in and kissed her again, loving the feel of their tongues against one another. She felt Brenda's trembling fingers working at the clasp of her own bra, and smiled inside as she felt it slide off her shoulders. The two women embraced, holding each other tight as they kissed, small electric jolts running thru their bodies as their nipples touched.

Bethany broke their kiss, resuming her journey down Brenda's body. She left butterfly kisses as she went until she met the gentle swell of her teacher's breasts. She did have small one's, at the most a b-cup, but that was fine with Bethany. To her, they were the most beautiful things on earth at that time. She ran her velvety soft tongue around the areola of the left breast, hearing a soft moan escape from the older woman's lips. She covered the nipple with her warm mouth, her tongue caressing the sensitive flesh. The already erect nipple seemed to swell under her oral assault. She sucked harder on it, gently nibbling, making Brenda gasp and whimper, arching her back upward. Bethany cupped and massaged the breasts, toying with the nipples, as she would switch back and forth between them, sucking, licking, and nibbling.

She continued to massage Brenda's breasts as she began to kiss her way further down her body. She pause when she got to the navel, licking around it, and pushing her tongue into the tiny, shallow hole, causing her teacher to squirm. She slid her hands down, her fingers lightly touching the smooth skin, and unfastened Brenda's jeans. The dark spot between the legs had grown larger. She pulled the jeans down her legs and tossed them aside before licking her way back up the left leg. Brenda had spread her legs open for her, giving her access to her panty-clad pussy. The white cotton fabric was soaked and molded to the older woman's nether lips. Bethany ran her tongue over the fabric, tasting the nectar it had gathered. She looked up and saw Brenda watching her, her hands on her breasts, toying with her nipples. Her face was flushed, high with color and her breathing was coming in short, ragged gasps.

Bethany smiled and winked as she leaned in and took the elastic band of the panties in her teeth, slowly pulling them down. She moved from one side to the other, kissing the newly exposed flesh as she worked the panties down past Brenda's slim hips and down the shapely, smooth legs until they were free. She was a little surprised that the older woman was hairless "down there," but very pleased at the same time. She sat back on her heels a moment taking the panties from her teeth and holding them to her nose, inhaling the musky scent.

"Mmmmmmm," she said, locking her brown eyes on her teachers blue ones. "You're a naughty girl, aren't you Brenda?"

Brenda simply blushed a little deeper and nodded her head slightly. Her hands were still at her breasts, and her legs were open wide.

"It's okay," Bethany said softly, laying the panties aside. "I like naughty girls."

She leaned down and kissed her way slowly up Brenda's right leg. As she neared the treasure at the top, she nipped and bit at the flesh of her thigh, causing the older woman to squirm and whimper again. Her own panties were soaked now as well, and had been for some time now. She wanted to take them off, but first she wanted another taste of her teacher's sweet nectar.

As she was about to run her tongue over the smooth lips, she had to reach up and gently bat Brenda's hand away. "Na-ah-ah," she said shaking her head no. "You don't get to do that now, young lady. This belongs to me now."

Brenda's body trembled as fresh dew gathered on her lips, pulling her hand back to toy with her nipples. She was still wearing the small wire-rim glasses as she watched, and Bethany liked that look. Somehow it made the older woman look more innocent, yet very sexy. Then she realized that Brenda was not just complying with her, but submitting to her. She was giving herself to her former student and was loving every minute of it.

Bethany kissed Brenda's inner thigh, her teeth nipping at the smooth flesh, licking slowly to the smooth-shaven pussy of her former teacher. The lips were slightly puffy as she slowly ran her tongue up one side then down the other. She savored the juices that flowed freely from her love nest, and then gently pushed her tongue deep inside.

She heard Brenda's soft moans of pleasure, and that seemed to drive the young woman crazy. She licked in and out of the wet slit, lapping up the flowing honey, alternating between rolling her tongue and flattening it. She slowly worked her way up, finding the blood-engorged clitoris, just hiding behind its hood, as she slipped her middle finger inside the older woman's pussy. Using her tongue, she coaxed the sensitive bundle of nerves from its hiding place as she slowly pumped the finger in and out of her teacher.

Brenda's moans were growing in both volume and frequency, as Bethany swirled her tongue around her clit. She sucked it into her warm mouth, moaning as she wrapped her lips around it. Brenda's body spasmed and she gasped, fresh honey flowing over the young woman's fingers. Bethany added first one then another to her teacher's pussy, pumping them in deep and wiggling them a bit as she sucked harder on her clitty. Brenda began to writhe on the bed, her head back, eyes closed as she whimpered louder with pleasure.

Bethany loved the way the older woman's body responded and was eager to bring her over the edge. She slipped her free hand under Brenda's gyrating hips, and gently touched the older woman's puckered back door. Brenda's moaned louder, her hips rising off the bed as her hands held Bethany's head in place. Bethany sucked harder, pumping her fingers deep into the older woman's pussy as she gently pushed one finger into her tight ass.

That seemed to do the trick.

With a loud gasp, Brenda's body stiffened, her fingers digging into Bethany's head as the velvety walls of her vagina squeezed tight around her student's fingers, her cum gushing over the young woman's working fingers. Bethany lapped and licked at the flowing nectar, not wanting to miss a single drop as it coated her young face.

She kept her face tight against her teacher's pussy, alternating between lapping her cum and sucking on her clitty. She pumped the finger in the older woman's ass in and out; wiggling the one's in her pussy and quickly brought Brenda to a second orgasm. She was finally able to pull away and catch her breath as Brenda clawed and pulled at the bed sheets, her toes curled and her body stiff. The muscles of her pussy worked around Bethany's fingers, and her ass clenched tight around the one that had invaded it.

Bethany simply watched and smiled as her teacher rode out her orgasm, reveling in the fact that she had caused it. She bent down from time to time to lap at the flowing juices, and then pull back and blow warm air on the clitty, causing Brenda to writhe even more on the bed.
