 Author's Note: Thank You to everyone for their feedback and comments, I really do appreciate them. What follows is Part Two, and while I am waiting for it to post, I will be working on Part Three. Hope You enjoy!!

************

After the chance encounter with her former student, Brenda had left the bookstore and finished the few errands she had to get done before going home. She picked up her dry cleaning, went to the drug store, then stopped and picked up some Chinese takeout.

When she got home, she went about putting away the things she had with her, then sat down with her dinner and began looking over the homework papers from her students. After looking over the same paper for the third time, she sat back with a frustrated sigh. She was finding it difficult to concentrate on the papers. Her mind kept drifting back to the bookstore.

Bethany had not changed much in the two years since graduation. Her dirty-blonde hair was a little longer, and she appeared to have "bulked up" a bit, no doubt from the volleyball practice and other health classes she was taking now. Overall, though, she was still the same beautiful young woman she had taught in high school.

Brenda loved teaching. It was all she had ever wanted to do. However, her chosen career often conflicted with her lifestyle. In a bigger city, the story might have been different. But in this small community, she just didn't think that the parents would accept the idea of their children being taught by a lesbian. She never advertised the fact that she loved women, and would even go out on the occasional date with men, but for the most part, everyone just considered her to be a shy, single, spinster of a woman. Anytime she was asked about when she would find someone to marry, she would just blush and look shyly away.

Because she loved and needed her job, she kept her secret. Only a very few and select friends outside of her family knew about it. Her family had become very supportive since she came out to them. It hadn't been at Thanksgiving or Christmas or anything like they showed on TV. She had been home visiting her folks for a few days shortly after she received her teaching degree and they were watching some movie on TV when her sister had made the comment that the male star was "soooo hot" and how she would love to meet him someday and "rock his world." Linda had been seventeen at that time. Her brother, John, had laughed at her, telling her that with her tomboy body, the actor probably think she was some little gay boy, as opposed to a woman who wanted to "rock his world." Linda had told him to shut up and stuck her tongue out at him. John suggested that she use that tongue on the female lead, saying she would enjoy it since she had come out as a "carpet muncher." All Linda said at this was "ewwww, gross."

"It's not all that gross, sis," Brenda said, smiling at their playful teasing. Everyone stopped talking and looked at her, their eyes boring into her. She could feel the heat and blood rising in her face.

"H-how would you know that, Bren?" her brother had asked.

"How do you think?" Brenda had relied, trembling a bit as the adrenaline flooded her veins. Her heart was thudding hard in her chest, and she could hear it in her ears.

"You've done it?" Linda asked, a slight shock of horror in her voice.

"Many times," Brenda said in a small voice, looking over to her parents with tears welling up in her eyes.

Her parents looked shocked. Her mothers jaw had literally dropped from the news, and both of them had wide eyes. Brenda was starting to feel very small and a little dirty, like she had done something vile and sinful.

"B-but you can't be gay," her mother whispered. "You just can't."

"Now, Wanda, she didn't say that," her father had said, always trying to be the peacemaker. "She just said--"

"I know what she said, Bert," her mother said, her pale face flushed with anger. "But she hasn't denied it yet either. Is it true young lady? Are you one of...those?"

"Yes, ma'am," Brenda had said in a small, tight voice. Her throat was closing and she could feel the tears starting to fall down her cheek. "I'm a lesbian."

"How could you do that?" her mother said accusingly, her own tears starting to fall. "What did we do wrong in your upbringing?"

"Nothing, mom, really," Brenda wept. "It...just happened."

"Yes we did," her mother said, crying into her hands. "We failed you somehow."

"Now, Wanda, calm down," her father said, embracing his wife. "We haven't failed as long as she's happy. You are happy, aren't you Bren?"

"Yes, daddy," Brenda said, still feeling small. Her stomach was starting to do somersaults. "I am very happy. I'm about to start my career, I'm healthy, and I have a family that loves me...don't I?"

"Yes, honey," her dad said with a soft smile. "We do love you. This is just going to take some getting used to, that's all. This is quite a bomb you dropped on us."

"She'll never get married," her mother sobbed into her fathers shoulder. "Never have children. Never have a family of her own."

"Hush, Wanda," Bert said, holding her a little tighter. "Why don't the three of you turn in for the night? Your mother and I need to talk alone for a bit."

The three of them had left and went up stairs to their rooms. Brenda felt like a leper, as her two siblings seemed to work hard to avoid her. Once inside her room, Brenda fell on the bed and started to cry, wondering if she had made a huge mistake. A few moments later, there was a knock on her door.

"Come in," she sniffed, trying to stop her tears. She had expected it to be her father or even one of her siblings. Instead, it was her mother, the last person she expected to see.

"Are you okay, Bren?" her mother asked, closing the door behind her. "I would like to talk with you , but only if you are feeling up to it."

"I'm...sorry if I have disappointed you mom," Brenda said, sitting up on the bed and hugging her knees to her chest. She still felt small, and now she was starting to feel like a little girl again.

"I'm not disappointed with you, Brenda," her mom said sitting at the foot of the bed. She looked like she was still trying to gather her thoughts, and Brenda could feel the tension in the air. "It was that vampire girl, wasn't it?"

Brenda couldn't help but smile at her mother's choice of words. "Melody wasn't a vampire, mom. She was Goth. And if you are asking me if she was my first, the answer is yes, she was."

"Well...she looked like a vampire to me," her mother said, a small smile on her lips. "Would you tell me how it happened, or is it too personal?"

Brenda told her mother about how she had fallen head-over-heels in love with a sophomore boy who shared a class with her shortly after the start of her freshman year in college. They had begun to date and hang out together, and every time he would tell her how special she was to him. She felt special when she was with him, and after going out for a couple of months, she gave herself to him. The very next week, the rumors started. More boys were asking her out, and after turning down what must have been the tenth offer, the boy had said "Gee, I thought you were supposed to be an easy lay." When she asked what he meant by that, he told her to go ask David Collins, the boy she had been dating. She tried to call him, but he wouldn't answer. When she finally found him, he was bragging to a couple of his friends how he had finally "bagged that scrawny chick" he had been seeing. He told them how she had blown him, then practically begged him to fuck her. She ran as they laughed, going to her dorm room and falling on the same bed they had made love in and cried. At some point her roommate came in and asked what was wrong, and Brenda told her, but only after a little coaxing. The girl held her, letting her cry, and telling her that although not all guys were like that, most of them were. The next thing Brenda knew, Melody was kissing her, but in a much different way than David had. It was soft and full of feeling, and she accepted it, and finally returned it.

"I gave him my virginity, mom," Brenda said, tears rolling down her cheeks. "And he took my dignity. And broke my heart."

Her mother had moved next to her, and was now holding her, trying to comfort her. "You don't have to do this if you don't want to, honey. I understand if it's too painful."

"No, I'm okay, mom," Brenda said laying her head on her mothers shoulder. She found the older woman's warmth comforting. "Melody said that what David had done to me was 'consensual rape.' I told her that didn't make sense and she just smiled at me. She told me that I was special, and then made love to me. After that, I knew what she meant by it."

"She sounds very wise," her mother said simply, hold her daughter tight. "What ever happened to her?"

"She had to drop out after the first semester," Brenda said. "Her grades were slipping and it was costing her too much to stay, so she moved back home."

They had sat in silence for a few moments, her mother holding her. She felt her mother kiss her forehead, and she looked up into her eyes.

"You need sleep, honey," her mother said, smiling at her. "And so do I. Will you be alright?"

"Yes, mom," Brenda said, smiling back. "I'll be fine."

Her mother got up and left. Brenda had went to sleep and dreamed of Melody. The next day, everything almost seemed back to normal with her family. Now, she rarely got to see them. Holidays and family reunions mostly. Her job had taken her to a different state, but they had tried to stay in touch.

Brenda shook her head, trying to clear it of the memories and went back to checking the homework papers in front of her. When she finally finished them, she cleaned up her dinner, went upstairs, took a shower, and went to bed for the night.

Thursday was rather uneventful. She taught her classes, conducted her study halls, and graded what papers she could. What surprised her was that on a number of occasions that day, she could have sworn she saw Bethany. When she would look again, it would always be one of her current students. She was beginning to look at some of her students in ways that she knew were dangerous.

The PTA meeting that night was no better. Many of the mothers kept in good shape, and she kept finding her mind drifting. When the meeting was finally over, she rushed home and fingered herself, hoping to relieve some of the sexual tension. It had been awhile since she had been with anyone, not since last summer when she went on vacation. Almost four months ago. After bringing herself to orgasm, she went upstairs, took a shower, and went to bed. She dreamed of Bethany, her hand buried between her thighs.

Friday was a little better, but she suspected that it was due more to the upcoming meeting with Bethany than to her masturbatory efforts the night before. She would still catch herself "seeing" her former student now and then, but the ache in her loins had subsided a bit. That night, she went to the football game, as was expected of her, but her eyes only focused on the cheerleaders and their very short skirts. The dull throb that had been in her pussy most of the day was starting to grow as she watched the young girls jump and yell, and she had to bite her bottom lip when they would do splits or cartwheels. She didn't watch much of the game, but they did win 30-27. Like the rest of the faculty, she went down to the field to congratulate the players, and as she was just finishing, someone bumped into her, causing her to stumble into one of the cheerleaders. She blushed and apologized, trying to keep up her façade, but inside she wanted to kiss the girl in front of everyone. She rushed home and didn't bother with dinner or a shower, just ran to her bedroom and got out her vibrator so she could quench the fire in her loins. After a very intense orgasm, she pulled the blankets over her naked body and went to sleep.

The next morning , she awoke to her vibrator still humming in her pussy. Reluctantly, she removed it, gave it a couple of quick licks, then washed and put it away. She pulled the sheets from her bed and put them in the washing machine, then put fresh ones on the bed. She glanced at the clock and saw that it was just after 10AM. She went in and took a shower, her hands lingering on her nipples. She shaved her legs, pussy, and ass, just like she had done every two or three days since college, then got dressed. She had considered wearing a skirt, but decided to put on her blue jeans instead, but did wear one of her silk blouses.

She went downstairs and ate breakfast, stopping the rumbling in her stomach, and after washing the dishes, got out her lesson plan for the next week to look it over. As she looked it over, she absentmindedly moved her left hand between her thighs. Her middle finger began to slide up and down along the seam, and she let out a very soft sigh without even realizing it. Her mind was not on the work in front of her. In her mind, it was not her hand between her legs, but the hand of the young woman that would be visiting soon. 

She kept trying to tell herself that it was just a fantasy. But, oh God, what a fantasy. She leaned back and opened a few buttons on her blouse before opening her jeans. She closed her eyes and slipped one hand in her white cotton panties, the other inside blouse. She rubbed her nipple through the fabric of her bra as a finger on her other hand caressed her moist nether lips.

But they were Bethany's hands, not hers. She could see the girl in her mind, standing behind her looking down at her former teacher and the pleasure she was bringing her. Her fingers pinched and pulled playfully at her nipple, causing Brenda to moan. When the finger that had been toying with her pussy lips slipped between them and entered her, she moaned again, calling out the girl's name. She could feel the velvet walls of her pussy close and clench around her finger, wanting to draw it deeper inside.

"Yes, Bethany," she moaned aloud as she added a second finger to her starving womanhood. "Please...make me cum for you, baby."

Her other hand had slipped into her bra and was stimulating her nipple directly. Her breathing was growing heavier and she could feel her pulse quickening. She could feel her orgasm building, along with the heat generating from her body. Her heart was thudding in her heaving bosom, and she could feel the bliss starting to build.

Then she heard a knock at her front door...

To Be Continued...