 Part I

"I'll be home by the end of the week," said my father. "Violet will watch over you."

"I'll be alright dad," I pecked him lightly on the cheek. "Have a good trip."

"Take care Lori," he drove off.

Violet was the hired hand that helped my father run the farm. We'd been friends for quite some time and she became overly protective for my well being. Sometimes we would go on a picnic together on her day off.

We were best friends since as far back as I remembered. We often went skinny-dipping in the river and that's when I'd see how strong she really was.

Her body was ebony and muscular; she was generously built but also spectacularly rounded, rippling with smooth strips of muscle. Although her chest was broad and muscular, her breasts were small. Her buttocks, legs and hips looked like contours of chiselled stone.

Nobody would dare approach me without passing through her first. Her features were so stern that most people would tremble before her.

On that first evening I cooked us dinner. Violet watched me do the dishes, her eyes following my every move. Her dark black skin shone under the light. She had never really looked at me before, not with that strange look, anyway. I found myself curious as to what was going in her mind.

"Isn't it nice to have the place to ourselves," I smiled trying to coax a word from her. "We could take the truck for a ride when you're not too busy."

She didn't reply, but only glared at me. I shrugged it off, thinking she wanted me to get her coffee. I trembled for some reason as I placed her mug on the deeply weathered and scratched table. We're the only two souls living in this remote farm. A hunting knife hung on her hip; the stabbing look in her cold dark eyes read my thoughts and her nostrils flared.

Her rippling, hard forearms were fully exposed; I could see the hardness under the smooth, velvety skin. Violet tensed her arm and her thick, bulging muscles swelled. I could see by the expression on her face that she felt stressed.

"Is something wrong," I asked her with a forced smile. "Did I forget your birthday or something?"

She replied by placing her palm on one of my hands. I lowered my eyes, looking at it, shivering. The hand felt oddly hot, as if it were searing my flesh. She stood up and slid her hand under my dress. I jerked back, but Violet extended her large muscular right hand and encircled my thin wrist in a possessive grip.

I felt myself trembling with a desire which was strange, a heat that burned inside me. I watched Violet's hand move higher, caressing in circular motions my thigh. My panting increased, and I heard Violet gasping for breath.

She took her hand and drew it toward my inner thigh. As her palm was placed halfway up, I suddenly felt a heave between my legs. My womanhood swelled and became moist; my clit throbbed with angry lust. I should have stopped her and told her that this was wrong but I couldn't.

We looked into each other's eyes, and Violet moved her hand higher. She felt the tight entrance of my channel with the tips of her fingers, and I spread my legs widely, leaning back on the table, bracing myself with my hands.

Violet couldn't seem to stop herself. Her fingers moved slowly about my crotch, finding it moist. She traced my cuntlips, massaging her finger up and down the slit of my pussy. I whimpered and turned on the table. Finally her palm cupped my wet cunt.

I felt the heat of my juicy channel burning into her hand, and she massaged it tenderly, gently. I whined with delight and began to press my womanhood eagerly against Violet's hand.

With one arm around my back, Violet held me. Now Violet was moving more violently, pushing her fingers deep into my vagina. I bit down on my lower lip as a flood of sensations gripped my shuddering body.

I thought of nothing except of the joy I felt of her hand touching my cunt. I raised my hips, bringing my vagina closer into her hand, crying softly. I sprawled my legs open on the table, my arms supporting my weight. Violet was towering over my petite frame massaging me now harder.

She cupped my firm ass-cheek hard with her palm. Her mouth tasted my mouth. She lifted me a foot in the air as she held her hand between my spread thighs. She kept fondling without end and before I knew it, Violet was leaning over, kissing my mouth.

Violet held my jerking vagina and ass tightly, feeling them both contracting in her hands as she masturbated me with her fingers. In and out her fingers went of my convulsing pussy. I finally orgasmed, my body trembled, I jerked violently about as I came. 

Violet held her fingers buried in my womanhood, sensing my orgasm subside and my body going limp. She gently let me down, and then regretfully pulled her fingers out.

She lowered my body on the table and stood back, observing me passionlessly as I caught my breath. My legs and cunt were visible and available for her amusement. I was still weak from my climax. She watched with deep, serious eyes as I lay where I was, legs still spread out. My panties dangled by my ankle, ripped on one side. Violet saw my pale dripping womanhood and the tip of my swollen clit protruding out.

Finally I struggled up, sitting on the table. Her thick, full lips suddenly seemed twisted in a cruel sneer, and her dark, heavily lashed eyes seemed to hold images of evil and perversity in them.

She left the kitchen without saying a word.

Part II

Later that night I washed my face in the bathroom. I looked into the mirror and saw a confused expression on my features. I knew I should've been angry at Violet, but I liked it. I had never allowed anyone to stick their hands on my crotch, yet I had willingly let Violet massage her fingers to masturbate me. I had found the sensation enjoyable, and I even aided her hand into my cunt – not just willingly, but hungrily.

There was something I felt for Violet that I wasn't able to understand; it was magnetism I had never felt for a woman in all my life. I wasn't sorry she had played with my pussy, but it couldn't happen again. We were only friends and nothing more.

Maybe I was sick and needed help.

I dried my blond hair which flickered in the lamplight. My eyes were blue, but in this shadow they appeared to change to green. I was a girl, I had full, sensual lips, and my neck was long; my skin was clear, milky white the way which some men liked. I pulled back my shoulders and looked critically at my breasts.

There was nothing wrong with me physically, I thought.

The problem was all psychological. My body only responded to a physical stimulation, like pain. If somebody burnt me with a red hot poker was it my fault if I cried out in agony? Of course not!

I left the bathroom, realising the whole Violet business had to be ignored. Naturally I would never tell my father, because he needed her to run the farm. There was too much work to be done for only one man.

I went to bed earlier than usual and I tossed and turned, trying to find that comfortable position in which sleep arrives. It was quite late now and I was unable to sleep. My womanhood would keep on itching and longing for that special touch.

I finally decided to slip out of bed and go downstairs to find some aid from my dad's special friend 'Jack Daniels'. A little whiskey would drowse the heat between my legs.

It was better to be stone drunk than to lie in bed writhing with deviant desire. I slipped on a robe, slid out of bed and glided quietly down the hall to the stairs. Violet slept out in the barn and there was no danger of bumping into her.

I knew that my dad had a secret stash behind the cupboard in the living-room. I fumbled blindly for it with my hand until I felt the cold glass container.

"Come and make me feel like a woman, Jack," I spoke directly to the bottle and sniggered.

"I wondered where the old man kept it," Violet said, sipping wine.

She nearly scared me out of my wits and I narrowly kept the bottle from falling to the floor. My heart throbbed intensely and I felt it was going to explode. She sat on the couch with her legs open drinking my cooking wine.

Of all the nerve to be here after what she'd done, I thought angrily.

"What are you doing here?" I demanded to know and then pointed a shaking accusing finger. "That's cooking wine! You're wasting it and I need it to make my sauce!"

"Then pour me a glass of the good stuff!" Her dark muscular figure approached me now seemingly bigger than this morning.

She took the bottle from my hand and slowly unscrewed it. Her dark eyes never left mine as she placed the bottle to her lips and drank deeply. My father was not going to be pleased that his expensive whiskey was being tapped.

"It's time for you to leave," I tried to sound determined. "In the name of our friendship I am quite willing to overlook your unsuitable behaviour."

"How generous of you."

"Yes, well! Regard yourself as fortunate that I don't tell my father what you did to me this morning. I could call the police on you."

"Uh-huh, and that is what we need to talk about," Violet replied, moving towards me and pushing me back against the wall. "I don't think you'll tell you dad what 'we' did."

"'We'?!" I'd run out of space to move. "You've got some nerve! I'll tell him alright, you wait and see!"

"You won't tell him because you know that your dad needs me," she sneered.

"You coerced me," I tried to sound convincing. "Rape would be the right word!"

"No it wouldn't, because you liked it." She whispered in my ear. "I'd dare say you loved it!"

"You're out of line Violet," I had to raise my neck to look her in the eye. "We can find someone else to replace you ..."

"Not with my wages," she knew she had me. "You need me more than I need you."

"I thought we were friends."

"I saw it your eyes," she kissed my lips. "You wanted me then and you want me now."

"We'll forget the whole incident like it never happened." I ignored her comments. "Goodnight!"

I slipped under her arm and scooted towards my bedroom. I slowed down so as not to give the impression that I was running away. I climbed the stairs and moved into the hallway, leaning against the wall, my legs trembling. I stood there with my eyes half closed, feeling the heat, the anticipation in my cunt. My nostrils flared with desire.

Violet was right! I did want her!

I wasn't aware that Violet had followed me nor was I aware that she was unbuckling her belt and trousers. I wasn't even aware that she stood there looking at me. I felt her presence, though. It was powerful and dominant.

"I want you!" Her voice was deep and clear. 

I opened my eyes and looked at Violet already naked. Her eyes were packed with burning desire, scanning up and down my petite body, seeing my nipples swell. I could hardly breathe knowing that what I feared the most was about to happen again.

"I need you." She spoke with the same commanding voice, but this time I found it strangely soothing. My legs turned to straw. How could I resist such a powerful force? I was incapable to defeat this massive beast. Her eyes glittered; her upper lip was lifted in the beginning of a snarl.

She took my wrist, guided it to her naked crotch. My fingers instinctively found her clit, and I stroked it gently. I felt it throbbing; the rigid hardness was aroused with lust; I couldn't refrain from squeezing it, causing Violet to moan with delight. 

Still looking into her ebony face, I moved my fingers into her womanhood just as she had done to me earlier that morning. I moved them slowly at first, and then I began to wriggle her clit faster.

As I held her my fingers in her, Violet brought her large hands to my breasts. They felt warm, tender and protective, and I was beginning to feel damp between my own legs. Violet squeezed my breasts, making me moan.

Suddenly, Violet enveloped her arm around my head and pulled her mouth into mine. She pressed her tongue into my mouth and I sucked it, kissing her strongly. Her hands tightened around my shoulders, removed my robe and ripped my nightgown to shreds. Her hands worked down to my ass where she squeezed them hard.

"We'd better stop," I moaned into her mouth. "This isn't ... I can't–"

She ignored me; her fingers dug into my ass cheeks and ripped another pair of my panties. She pushed her tongue into my mouth, licking and plunging enthusiastically, tasting me; she squirmed her crotch toward my mine.

My hands clawed in surprise and astonishment. Heatedly, she laid me down on the floor, her whole weight pinned me, and her lips tracked down my throat, warm and wet, leaving a glossy trail between my breasts. I whimpered and instinctively held onto her for support.

She smiled libidinously and carelessly took one of my nipples between her lips and began to suckle, her teeth grazing impishly on the rubbery peak. Then, I felt a moderate but firm pressure of Violet clamping down on my nipple and drawing it tight. I felt fiery passion building in my belly.

"Hmmm," she mumbled.

I breathed nervously beneath Violet. Her tongue licked down my flat belly and I instinctively parted my thighs. My heart hammered in my breast in anticipation. Strong hands fondled the surface of my legs, then came Violet's tongue, soft and teasing, on the smooth, fleshy mound of my inner thighs.

I laid back and accepted her lovemaking quietly. I laid completely still, my arms by my side, my face calm. She kept on sucking my nipples, trying to caress passion into my body by force.

She grabbed hold of my calves with both hands and pushed my legs up and back, pressing down so that I couldn't move, and I laid there trapped under my own legs.

My knees had pinned down my shoulders so that I couldn't even get my hands to her head when it fell down into my wide-open cunt and sucked at it for the first time in my life.

I suddenly became desperate, my legs tried to kick her off me, my fingers tried to claw its way out by scratching at any part of her. But she held me down with all her might, and my cunt was exposed to her mouth.

"Shhhh! Calm down," she sucked hard. "Don't fight! That's a good girl!"

Her tongue explored the walls of my cunt, moist in spite of my angry protests. Her mouth rubbed against my hard clitoris, nuzzling and pushing until I gave in a little. To my surprise, I began to relax under the stimulation she gave me.

I was spread-eagle on the floor, holding my thighs open, hips raised while Violet lavished long, ravenous licks on my sex. My cries were sharp and wanton, my feet jerked in the air, calves taut. Violet lapped even faster, she was like a bitch on heat licking at my sex. Her tongue felt rough and long.

Suddenly, she pressed a thumb at the entrance of my channel. The squeezing muscles of my young and tender cunt spoke the reality. They clamped down on the foreign trespasser.

"No!" I whimpered. "Stop, not yet. I – I – I'm not ready!"

"This moisture tells me otherwise!" She sneered.

With a swift thrust she speared two digits up my cunt while her lips pursed around my clit. It was like being impaled and I jumped a foot. There was nothing I could with her full weight upon me. It hurt to take Violet's fingers up my cunt, but once it was in I could relax a little. I caught my breath and clenched my fists as she explored up my cunt.

I grunted with delight even if I was telling my brain not to do it. I was still uncomfortable about it, convulsing now and again in an attempt to escape her grasp. But my cunt had a will of its own, it clamped down. All the while she sucked and licked, savouring my cunt.

Violet moved her fingers back and forth in rhythm with her licks. I gasped as I felt desire and tension accumulating in my loins. My sex instinctively tightened even harder around the intrusion.

She seized my hard clit between her lips and began to tweet her tongue against the inflamed little bud, driving me insane with lust. Violet growled in hungry passion and thrust herself forward. The strain in my loins built with each lick.

She ran her tongue around my clitoris, then moved down, once around the brim of her my, then down to my anus, flicking inside, exciting me more than ever, preserving a constant strain on me.

I groaned, leaning back further in surrender. My thighs opened a little more, allowing her flying digits even additional access to my swelling cunt. My hips moved in a pleasant little squirming motion that wriggled around the intruding digit.

My head rolled and rocked from side to side. My lips twisted with the mounting agony of need that overflowed me. My body quivered, groaned and whimpered.

Harder and faster, her digits sliced between the shaking lips of my labia. I felt the rapid fire strokes of the fingers that buried itself in my wide open sex. Involuntarily, my body tensed each time her hand slammed roughly into my naked pubic mound. My breathing increased to difficult heaves of stimulation, following the lustful change that had transformed me.

Our bodies were slick with sweat and my heart thumped. We rubbed our bodies together as if to merge each other into one.

I moaned and panted in her ear urging her on, begging her to do it harder, faster. Violet was hot and impatient, she slammed me against the hard floor. I begged her to make me cum. 

She growled into my mouth, her kisses became more avid and demanding. She felt me shudder beneath her, pushing my pelvis onto her fingers. Her thrusts became harder and more savage, thumping into me hard and fast. She pulled her mouth away, looking down at me she howled deafeningly and animalistic.

Violet returned voraciously to my cunt, prolonging the agony for another excruciating minute, slipping her tongue deep into me. She was teasing me by keeping me in limbo. The slightest touch of my clit would probably make me burst, and so she avoided it, teasing me, taking pleasure in my vulnerability.

Violet's smooth muscles clenched and strained, and her face grimaced with hysterical sexual need. She was holding back for me and I realised at that moment how much she loved me. She took her fingers out of my cunt and stuck them into my mouth. I suckled like a little calf on her mother's teat. I revolved my tongue and licked her fingers clean of my juices.

She devoured my pussy with a colossal passion. She sucked my cuntlips into her mouth, stabbed her tongue deep into the warm, moist channel, and sucked viciously at my clit until my voice disappeared into a high, deep pitched scream.

My quick, sudden orgasm only fuelled the flames of her lust. She was consumed with it, shaking, moaning demanding that I give her more. She wanted total surrender of my body.

Finally, she settled atop of me, to hook her leg around my shoulder, so that we laid vagina to vagina, locked in a sexy cunt kiss. The sensation was beyond description. I felt Violet's soft, moist, sticky folds against my lust aroused sex. My abdomen tensed in expectation as she shifted to possess me like a man.

I clenched my teeth, feeling the huge muscular thigh muscle plough into my gaping cunt. Violet was far more aroused and this time she was going to be much rougher with me. She wasn't going to hold back, neither for her sake nor mine.

She had one of my thighs clamped into her own wet cunt, and I knew we were both going to cum this time as Violet pumped me ferociously, bringing us both to an wild fury of lust. Violet was so physically powerful that she almost squeezed the life out of me. Her hard thigh slammed again and again into my cunt, squashing my clit, grinding it, until I whimpered feverishly. She was insane with lustful exhilaration, tossing her hips madly, fiercely pushing her thigh into my cunt.

Violet was about to cum, but she was overwhelmed by a desire to plunder my body. I panted and moaned exhausted, but she hurled herself forward onto me. She wedged her cunt coarsely into me, pumping and fucking me ruthlessly.
