 Tom, 33 and his wife Kelly 31, arrived in Chicago early on a Friday. Tom had been transferred to the head office in Chicago and this was a real move up the corporate ladder. He would be handling the marketing strategy for the entire corporation. 

The movers were finally gone, their two children were safely tucked away in bed. Tom was 6 foot 1, with dark hair and built like a wide receiver. Kelly was 5 foot 4, with red hair and a milky white complexion. The two were sitting on the couch enjoying each other's company when the doorbell rang. 

Tom, got up and answered the door and was greeted by Bob, 54 and his wife Liz, 51. He stared for a moment and then Bob spoke. "We're Bob and Liz Henderson, with the firm. We have been appointed as your mentors. We will help you get set up and used to the city." The four sat down and chatted for a while. 

Bob was a tall man over 6 foot 3, and Liz a cute blonde at 5 foot 2, with blue sparkling blue eyes. When Bob and Liz left, Liz gave both Kelly and Tom a big hug. Liz would be over in the morning to take her shopping and show her around the new suburb.

The children were off to school and Kelly was just finishing dressing when the doorbell rang. She hurried down the stairs and opened the door to Liz who gave her a hug and quick kiss on the cheek as she entered. Kelly looked her over and hoped that when she got to be fifty-one she looked as good as Liz. The next three weeks the two women were inseparable as the men spent long hours at the office. 

The following week the men were on the road and Kelly would have felt very lonely if it had not been for Liz. The two had just finished a set of tennis and they both returned to Kelly's house for ice tea. The two chatted and finally Kelly said, "You know I hope these trips and long work days end soon, I'm really missing my husband."

Liz assured her that within six months things would slow down but during this "break-in" period Tom would be gone a lot. When Kelly frowned Liz said, "Tell me?" 

Kelly looked down but she did open up to her new friend. "I really miss the intimacy that Tom and I have. When I don't have that intimacy I just get cranky." 

Liz smiled and said, "Darling, that's what masturbation is for."

Kelly turned red but laughed out loud. Liz reassured her that things would change in several months but not to give up on the idea of masturbation. With that Liz got up and said good-bye. But this time Liz didn't just give her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She gave Kelly a kiss squarely on the lips, a kiss that lingered just a bit too long. Then Liz left. 

Kelly showered and climbed in bed. She was confused by Liz's action. She had always enjoyed the hugs and the quick peck she received from Liz, but this was something new. As she lay there she thought about it and wondered if she was reading too much into it. Could Liz have been sending some kind of hidden message? Kelly was in a quandary and finally fell asleep.

The next morning Kelly got up and got the kids off to school. Just after nine, the phone rang. It was Liz inviting her over for lunch. Kelly paused for a moment but then accepted. The two women hung up and Kelly arrived at eleven-thirty. 

The two women talked and ate lunch. Liz was clearing the table when Kelly finally said, "Liz I just have to ask you. That kiss you gave me yesterday. It seemed, uh, well different than any other kiss you've given me. I was wondering what was up." Liz walked back over and sat down. She reached out and touched Kelly's hand. "Kelly, I too have gone through lonely times with Bob and I have to admit that I found the intimacy I was missing with another woman. If that shocks you, I'm sorry. But intimacy with another woman is very satisfying. I kissed you the way I did because I find you very attractive." She paused waiting to read Kelly.

"I'm going back to my bedroom now and if you'd like to join me, please do. If not, no harm and we will never talk of it again." With that Liz rose and walked out of the kitchen. 

Kelly was stunned and got up. She grabbed her purse and went to the front door. As she reached out to the doorknob something seemed to stop her. She waited. She thought. She wondered what it would be like to be in the arms of another woman. She turned, put her purse down and headed back to Liz's bedroom.

She stopped at the bedroom door and looked in. Liz was sitting up in the bed thumbing through a magazine. She stood for a moment and then Liz put the magazine aside and patted the bed next to her. Kelly didn't know what to do, but suddenly her feet were guiding her to the bed. 

She kicked off her shoes and sat down on the bed with her back to Liz. She was looking down and she felt Liz's hands on her shoulders. As she massaged Kelly she said, "If you are uncomfortable at any point, just let me know." 

Kelly nodded her head as Liz began to massage up and down Kelly's arms. It took only a few minutes and Kelly began to relax. Relax that is until she felt Liz's breath on her neck. She tensed even more when she felt Liz place small moist kisses along her hairline. Liz kissed her way around until she nibble on Kelly's ear. Kelly's hand lay back and Liz;s hands moved around and she gently cupped Kelly's breasts. 

Kelly became slightly uneasy again. She liked the feeling that was coursing through her body, but at the same time she felt it was wrong. Kelly could feel her nipples pucker as Liz slowly unbuttoned Kelly's blouse. The blouse was slipped off Kelly's shoulders and the material was replaced with Liz's lips. 

Kelly sighed and then her bra straps being lowered. She opened her mouth to protest but words didn't come out, only another sigh. Kelly laid her head back on Liz's shoulders as she felt Liz unclasp her bra and slide it down her arms.

The nex thing Kelly knew Liz's hands were gently massaging her breasts. Her nipples were growing and when Liz began to roll the nipples between thumb and forefinger Kelly just melted. Kelly reached up and ran her hand through Liz's hair and Liz nibbled on the younger woman's neck. 

The next thing Kelly realized was that her back was being lowered to the bed. Before she realized the full gravity of the situation, Liz had her mouth affixed to Kelly's right nipple, while her hand played with Kelly's left nipple. The fire within Kelly's body was growing and she was feeling the same way she did when Tom touched her.

As she relaxed she tensed again as Liz unzipped the zipper on her short and undid the snap. As Liz nursed now on Kelly's left nipple Liz's hand cupped and made slow circles across Kelly's pussy. Kelly moaned and then Liz sat up and lowered Kelly's shorts and panties in one deft motion. 

Liz smiled as she looked at the naked woman and she licked her lips as she looked at the red hair that surrounded Kelly's pussy. Liz snuggle in between Kelly's legs and as she kissed the out lips her finger slowly invaded the younger woman's pussy. 

Kelly let out a deep moan as Liz began to lick her little bud. Kelly shuddered at the contact but spread her legs even wider. Liz began to lick her clit in earnest now. She would bring Kelly to orgasm as quickly as possible so the young woman would not change her mind. She would be more concerned about giving her greater satisfaction and bringing her more deeply into the world of woman to woman lovemaking later. 

Kelly knew where this would all wind up and while part of her really wanted the release of an orgasm part of her was still struggling with the idea of this being wrong. Kelly was totally, completely, one hundred per cent straight. She was totally, completely, one hundred per cent in love with her husband. There was no way this could really be happening. She was trying to deny the flood of pleasurable feelings going through her body, but she was beginning to lose. 

Liz's finger was hitting a spot inside her pussy that was just driving her crazy. She almost told Liz to stop because she was feeling as though she had to pee. But that feeling passed and now it was taking her to heights she never knew existed. The tongue on her clit was driving her on quickly up the mountain to orgasm. 

Kelly's nipples were so hard they ached and the she felt a warm feeling radiating out from her pussy through her hips and down her thighs. The orgasm was building. Her breathing was labored and then it hit her. The orgasm began to sweep through her. Her clit tingled and then feelings of pleasure seemed to explode. She dug her heels into the bed and lifted her hips off the sheets. She seemed to hang there for a few seconds and then the contractions began. 

At first she felt a rush of something warm, as though she had peed and she worried for a moment, but the worry gave way to absolute pleasure as he cried out, "LIZ, I'M CUMMMMING!" Her hips bucked up and down. Her own hands went to her breasts and she held them tight as the orgasm overwhelmed her. 

She struggled to get a breath and couldn't. He body convulsed and she had lost control totally. Soon the convulsions began to dissipate. Slowly she began to return to earth. She felt totally relaxed and calm. She wondered if she had made a full of herself in front of Liz. As she lay there she felt Liz move her way up her body. 

Liz smiled at the lovely young woman and she knew that what she needed now was rest. Liz cradled Kelly in her arms and as Kelly drifted off the last thing she remembered was a feeling of contentment and safety.