 It was the scent of perfume that first roused Kelly from her nap. She inhaled deeply as the scent began to awake her. Slowly she began to remember what happened and then where she was. She opened her eyes slowly and then looked up at Liz who still held her cradled in her arms. 

As Kelly lay there the full realization of what had transpired hit her. She was lying naked in the bed of an older woman how had just made love to her. Kelly felt very conflicted. On the one hand she believed that everything that happened was wrong, unnatural. Women did not make love with other women. It was against nature and her basic beliefs. 

Yet she could not get over the feeling of peace and contentment that she felt. To be made love to by this woman was so gentle and sweet. There were times when she had finished making love to Tom that she felt guilty. Guilty about enjoying it. Guilty about being naked in his presence. Yet, she felt not guilt, no shame with Liz. She wasn't sure what to do now. 

Did she want to stay or did she want to find some graceful way to leave. As she pondered this, Liz said, "Hello Darling! Are you rested?" 

Kelly smiled and absently mindedly caressed Liz's belly. "I feel well rested, but honestly Liz, I feel confused. I just don't know how to feel."

Liz smiled and stroked the younger woman's hair. "I remember my first time. It was like being on a roller coaster. I didn't know how I should feel. It felt wonderful, yet I felt guilty. I felt sublimely at peace, but also very uneasy. I was torn."

Kelly kept stroking Liz's belly as she replied, "I just don't know if this is even right. You know, between two women."

Liz continued to stroke Kelly's hair and continued, "You are the only one that can answer that. All I know is that I never stopped loving my husband and I believe it made me a better and more sensitive lover. I just couldn't believe that anything that felt so good and so sweet could be wrong. The love I share is just an extension of what I feel. How can sharing love be wrong? It doesn't mean I'm a lesbian, it means that I have expanded my horizons and know how to love in other ways. No matter what happens, I hope we can always be friends. If we can't be lovers, then I hope we can remain friends. But that's up to you."

Kelly thought about all the Liz had said. As she did, she found herself unbuttoning Liz's blouse and caressing the bare flesh of her belly. Liz now lightly caressed Kelly's shoulder. Kelly unbuttoned all of the buttons on Liz's blouse and then looked right into Liz's eyes. "It's your move Kelly," said Liz.

Kelly leaned in and kissed Liz softly on the lips. Their lips parted and their tongues danced. As they kissed passionately Kelly began to massage Liz's bra encased breasts. She kneaded them and as she did the older woman began to moan. This made Kelly feel good and she left Liz's lips and began to kiss the older woman's neck and throat. As she did her hand slipped under Liz's bra and Kelly felt the warm, yielding flesh of her friend. 

Kelly reached around and unhooked Liz's bra. Both blouse and bra came off quickly. Kelly lowered her head and began to nurse on the older woman's breasts. She sucked and nibbled on the nipples and it made her feel good to know that her loving care was making Liz's nipples get hard. It gave Kelly a feeling of power and of caring to know she made her friend feel so good. 

Kelly sat up and lowered Liz's shorts and panties and she looked at the beautiful puffy lips of the older woman's blonde pussy. Kelly spread Liz's legs and just looked at the pussy. She had never really looked at one before and she was struck with its beauty. Soft, downy blonde curls, surrounding the hidden treasure. A pinkish, coral color.  She looked at the swollen outer lips standing up and giving access to the delicate inner lips. At the top of those lips the little nub, the seat of pleasure, the clit. 

Kelly observed and she could smell the scent of arousal. It was then that she realized that what she smelled earlier was not perfume, but it was Liz's arousal. She smiled and slowly lowered her head into the blonde nest. Her mouth parted and she kissed her lover's pussy. The first pussy she had ever tasted. She didn't know what to expect but it was sweeter, milder, and tastier than she thought it would be. 

Her tongue snaked out and she inserted in deeply into her friend. Her tongue swirled around and around and she heard Liz moan loudly. This only inspired Kelly to work her tongue even more. At first she didn't know what to do and then she realized that she should just do what she like done to her.  She began to lick her friend's clit and could feel it become hard as a pebble. She looked up as she licked and saw Liz caressing her own breasts. 

As she licked Liz began to roll her nipples between thumb and forefinger. Kelly was struck with the fact that Liz felt comfortable enough to help with her own pleasure and Kelly hoped that one day she would feel that comfortable. 

He licking became more frantic as she pummeled the small nub of pleasure. Soon Liz's thighs began to tremble and tighten around Kelly's head. Her breathing became labored and she began to perspire. Kelly sucked the nub into her mouth and then licked it with the tip of her tongue until Liz cried out, "I'M CUMMMMMMMING!"

Liz's whole body began to spasm as her hips bucked up and down. It was all Kelly could do to keep in contact with Liz's pussy, but she did. And she rode out the orgasm with Liz until its completion. When Liz finally settled down, Kelly crawled up and lay beside her. The two women hugged and kissed. Kelly looked into Liz's eyes and said, "Now I know what you were talking about. I do love you and want to make you happy." The two women hugged again and as they kissed they realized that their love had just scratched the surface.