 As you approached the meeting room you scanned your Blackberry trying to gleam some more information about the scheduled session. The information provided was very vague, and you weren't even sure of the name of the client you were meeting with. The internal blinds were closed you briefly noticed, not even affording you a glimpse into the room to see what may lie ahead. You knocked the door and entered, immediately doing a double take as you realised that your so-called 'client' was, in fact, me.

"What are you doing here?" is the question that immediately springs to your lips. A cheeky smile and a small shrug of the shoulders is the only response you get, as you take in the smart business suit and glasses I am wearing that accentuate the total boldness of my actions. We start towards each other, and are just about to kiss when we hear a knock at the door. "Just wondering if anyone would like a drink?" we are offered.

"I'll have a water" I say, as you shoot me a look to let me know I might be pushing things a little too far. Questions are racing through your mind...how had I arranged this, who had seen me, what did I have planned? Before you can ask anything the water is brought into the room. Just as it is being placed on the table I lean over and whisper ever so faintly in your ear "I've no underwear on". Immediately a discernible flush rises up your neck as you try to control the reaction that that image just created in your mind.

As soon as we are alone again I walk straight over to where you are and straddle you as you sit in your chair. I kiss you so deeply you forget about all your questions...your body begins to react in it's natural way...the tingle in the stomach, the rush of wetness to your pussy, and the flood of images into your imagination. With my arms and legs wrapped around you, you lift me onto the meeting room table, and immediately begin to unzip my trousers. My freshly shaved cunt is immediately exposed, and you instinctively throw a glance over to the door. You now realise why the blinds were shut, and you know you should not be disturbed for some while. The slight risk only heightens the excitement of the situation, and you cannot resist what is there in front of you...you bury your head between my legs, lapping up my wetness that had been increasing from the moment I had arrived at you office. Long slow licks up the length of my pussy, interrupted only by occasional sucks of my now hard clit soon had me moaning, despite my best efforts to stay quiet.

"Ssh!" you whisper, standing to cover my mouth and my moans with your kisses. You push me back, further onto, and down on the table. You then climb on top of me on the table, straddling me and kissing me with an intense passion. My hands reach to your trousers to try to unbutton them, but you push my hands away, and hold them above my head against the table top. With you on top of me, and with my hands out of action, I was in complete submission to you. "I'm going to fuck you just now" you tell me, "but every time you begin to moan I will stop". We both know what a challenge this will be. 

Your one hand runs down my body, the other still keeping my hands pinned, out of the way. You push my legs open, and position yourself so that you will be able to have free arm movement. You toy with me slightly, running your fingertips over my pussy lips until my eyes are begging you to put your fingers into me. I am so wet that your two fingers slide easily into me. I immediately let out a moan, and you take your fingers back out of me. "Kiss me" I say, "kiss me so that I moan into you and not out loud". Simultaneously you kiss me and insert your fingers back into me. You feel my sharp inhalation of breath, and your kiss suppresses the inevitable moan.

Slow steady movements, and our bodies find a rhythm together - my hips matching the movement of your arm as you begin to fuck me deeper and harder. Your other hand releases my arms, searching under my shirt and bra to play with my nipples. Your tongue finds mine, and you feel my nails in your back...a necessity to stop me from crying out in pure delight. Deeper, harder, and gradually faster, your hand positioned in such a way that my clit is also being stimulated.

You feel my hips bucking, and know that i am close. You dare not change the rhythm at all, despite the growing tiredness in your arm...then suddenly my pussy muscles begin to spasm, and you find a new lease of energy...the desire to bring me to climax spurring you on. I kiss you deep, hoping to remain quiet. You feel an increased flood of wetness, followed by my muscles clamping your fingers tight, and you know that you have brought me to orgasm.

Worried to lie there and bask in my ecstasy, I jump up and put my trousers back on. I kiss you once more, and walk out of the room without a backwards glance. You stay in the room another 5 minutes, trying to compose yourself, and wondering about whether that really had just happened. You realise you'll never be able to have meetings in that room again without being at least a little distracted by what had gone on there today.

Throughout the rest of the afternoon, you get brief scents of the smell of me off your fingers, and the taste of me in your mouth. When you lean back against your chair, you can feel a slight pain where my nails had scratched. By the time you get home from work in the evening you are well and truly in need of some relief from me...with which I am more than happy to oblige.