 She closes the hood of the car and turns around to flash you a brilliant smile. Her dark brown hair is pulled back into a tight bun at the back of her head, held in place by a simple black hairpin. Her overalls are covered in grease, and what skin you can see is covered in a glistening film of sweat. As she moves over to the next car, her hips sway to and fro alluringly. Her soft giggle as she opens the hood tells you that she knows where your eyes are. 

"I'm almost finished, then we can go." 

After another 20 minutes of anxious waiting, she is finally ready to leave. After shedding her work clothes, you have trouble keeping your eyes from roving over her simple white sleeveless shirt and hip-hugging jeans. Her hair is still pulled back, but her long bangs are hanging free, framing her face. You give her a small smile and unlock her door, ever chivalrous as always. She blinks, unused to such treatment. After a moment she blushes, letting you see another of those special smiles that she saves for the times when you two are alone, and slips into the car. You pull out of the parking lot with a wide grin, confident that your plans for her will soon come to fruition. 

After half an hour on the interstate, she begins to wonder just what it is you have in mind. She starts to question your intentions, but you give her a reassuring smile and she calms down. Two exits and a few turns later, you come to your destination. A small warehouse sits back off of the road, shrouded in trees, giving the place an eerie demeanor. She now has a look of mild fear on her face, but after your months together, her faith in you is unquestioning. You unlock the deadbolt to the warehouse and open the door into darkness, beckoning her inside. 

Leaving the lights out, you direct her to a seat, plant a comforting kiss on her lips, and instruct her to take her clothes off. You turn on a small lamp, giving the area just enough light for her to see her immediate surroundings, but nothing more. She is starring in your direction with a bit of a shocked expression on her face, but then she gives you a wicked little smile and unbuttons her pants. She slips them down around her around her ankles, revealing a pair of sheer white panties. She slowly lifts her shirt over her head, revealing her small, firm breasts, causing your breath to catch in your throat. Another blush forms between her breasts and rises up her neck to paint her cheeks with rosy essence. She beckons you over to her and points at the floor, a stern look on her face. You step in front of her and slowly lower yourself to your knees, hooking your fingers under the hem of her panties on your way down. She shivers at the cool touch of your hands, but doesn't move to stop your from slipping her panties to the floor. A small patch of well-trimmed brown hair meets your gaze, enticing you to the folds of lavender flesh underneath. You look up at her with a mischievous grin on your face and slip your tongue between the lips of her pussy, nearly causing her to fall to the floor of the warehouse. Even with the small bit of attention you have given her, she is already starting to get wet. You stop, momentarily letting her catch her breath, and stand to kiss her full in the mouth, clearly taking her by surprise with your passion.

Your tongue meets hers; sending small jolts of electricity down through your body, straight to your loins. She hesitates at first, unsure of the taste on your tongue. Slowly, her confidence grows, and she returns your kiss with just as much passion, mildly shocked that tasting herself in your kiss is making her even more wet. You trail your kiss down her jaw line to the side of her neck, slowly alternating between biting and licking. As you continue your trail down to her shoulders and collarbone, you slip your hand between her legs and spread her lips, letting your middle finger flit back and forth over her clit. You lower your lips down to her right breast, latching gently on to her nipple with your teeth and letting your tongue rove over the tip. You speed up your finger on her clit, forcing her breath to come in labored gasps. It isn't much longer before she orgasms, cumming all over your hand. You raise your hand to your lips, licking her cum from your fingers. 

+++++

Her hands are now bound over her head, with her breasts pressing against the cold brick of the wall. A simple blindfold covers her eyes, although in the near pitch-black darkness, it almost seems a moot point. Her feet are separated by a thin pole attached to her ankles, keeping her legs spread a few feet apart, with her ass pointing out towards you from the wall. She lets out a small whimper as a chill breeze flows through the room. You step up behind her, gripping her hips and pulling her even closer to you. She gasps as she feels your strapon come to a rest between her legs, barely touching the inside of her thigh. You reach up with you left hand to run your fingers through her hair, smiling to yourself in the darkness as she mistakenly begins to relax. You close your fist, pulling her head backwards sharply, and begin to rub the tip of the strapon around the entrance to her pussy. She seems to be having trouble catching her breath, but she gets even wetter. You lean forward and take her earlobe in your mouth, then slip your free hand around to gently massage her right nipple. As you start to enter her, you slowly pinch down on her nipple and bite down on her earlobe at the same time, maintaining pressure with both until you are inside her fully. 

After she becomes accustomed to the length and girth of the strapon, you begin to rock your hips gently back and forth. The moan this brings forth causes your entire body to light aflame, making you incredibly wet. With each painstakingly slow thrust, a small protrusion attached to the strapon rubs back and forth over your clit, almost making you weak at the knees. She whispers something faintly, almost to lightly to hear. 

"Harder...please...please fuck me harder...I can't take much more..." 

Obligingly, you increase the pace of your thrusts until you can hear your hips slapping loudly against her ass. Her moaning quickly elevates into a constant, muted scream of pleasure as you reach underneath her to slowly rub her clit. The stark contrast in the pace of your finger and the strapon strips away any reservations she still carried within seconds. Her body spasms through her first orgasm, her pussy clamping down incredibly tightly on the strapon. With a convulsive scream, her body collapses back into your arms, a look of pure ecstasy on her face. You slowly untie her hands and ankles and start to lead her over to a small bed in the corner of the room. 

"Wait...you didn't?" 

She stops you in your tracks and drops to her knees in front of you. A look of pure lust flashes across her face as she looks up at you in the lamp's dim light. She takes the head of the strapon into her mouth, tasting her own cum for the second time tonight. She slowly begins to rock her head back and forth, each time taking a little more of the strapon into her mouth. Every time her lips move over it, the motion causes the other part of the strapon to rub over your clit, making you slightly lightheaded. She looks up at you questioningly with the strapon still in her mouth, her wide eyes filled with a maelstrom of emotions: uncertainty, excitement, lust, fear, pleasure. She starts to bob her head even faster, making your clit quiver and convulse. Suddenly, you feel a long finger enter your pussy, matching pace with her mouth on your strapon. At every insertion, the tip of her finger slides over your g-spot, forcing a shocked gasp from your lungs. Faster now...breath labored...body trembling...muscles clenching...lightning racing through your body...converging on one point...exploding with pleasure... 

After your orgasm, she slowly slips off the strapon and plants a small kiss at the front of your mound, savoring your taste for an eternal moment, a sweet smile forming on her face.

+++++

You open your eyes to find yourself staring up into unforgiving darkness. Suddenly realizing that you dozed off, you try to sit up, only to be held back by the straps tying you to the corners of the bed. In your half-awake state you begin to panic, forcing your heart rate through the roof. A sudden whistling sound penetrates the darkness; your only warning before the crop strikes your inner thigh. Biting back a scream you struggle against your bonds with every ounce of strength left in you, but to no avail. A soft lilting laugh reaches your ears, and you relax slightly with the recognition that your little mechanic seems to be in control. The dim light of a candle flickers into existence from somewhere behind your head. 

She steps around the bed, trailing the riding crop across your neck, then slowly between your breasts. She starts to tease your nipples with the crop, and you arch your back up towards her, the look on your face begging for more. Instead of giving you what you want, she whips the crop down on the inside of your thigh again, only inches from your already wet pussy. This time she hits much harder, forcing a scream of mingled pleasure and pain from your lips. She strikes again, with a bit less force, but even closer this time. You whimper softly, your clit aching with the need to be touched. She reaches down with her free hand to start slowly massaging your left nipple between her fingers. The crop falls again, and is again accompanied by your muffled scream. 


After a few more minutes of this torture, she drops the crop and steps over to a small table, returning shortly with a large vibrator. She lays the toy between your spread legs on the bed and turns it on, keeping it less than an inch from your pussy, but never letting it touch. The vibrations as it lies against your leg are far worse torture than the riding crop could ever be. She steps up onto the bed and straddles your face, pausing to look down at you. 

"Make me cum, and if my orgasm is good enough, I might let you cum after I'm finished." 

Barely able to pull your concentration away from the vibrations between your legs, you strain upward, trying to reach her clit with your tongue. Grinning at your eagerness she lowers herself slowly onto your waiting mouth, and begins rocking her hips back and forth slowly. The motion causes you to slow down and concentrate on each part of her pussy, from the bottom of the entrance to the tip of her mound. A slight moan escapes her lips each time your tongue moves over her clit, but she restrains herself, making you wait even longer with the vibrator shaking between your legs. Finally unable to resist any longer, she stops moving, letting you take her clit between your lips. You start to suck lightly and flick your tongue over it, making her back arch and her stomach muscles convulse. A few more minutes of your expert care and her orgasm is rocking her body, grinding her soaking pussy down onto your mouth. Her face is locked in a silent scream of pleasure as she collapses to the bed beside you. Moments later, your tortured growl pulls her from her reverie, and she grins up at you. 

"Very good. I guess I'll have to let you cum after all." 

She leans down and pick up the vibrator, then slides it slowly into your pussy. A small attachment extends upward from the base, sending sparks of intense pleasure into your clit. She leans down and starts to lick from the tip of your mound down to the top of your clit, letting her tongue flit across it as she starts to slide the shaking dildo in and out of your pussy. Any time the vibrating extension isn't on your clit, her tongue or lips are. She varies her pace, bringing you to the brink of orgasm and back down over and over again. Just when you start to think you can't take any more, she slides the vibrator in, bringing the extension into full contact with your clit, and turns up the power. You cum in seconds, but she keeps the vibrator going, forcing a feral scream from your lips as you cum a second time, then a third. When she finally pulls it out, you can hardly remember your own name, but she quickly brings you to task.

"Don't lose focus, I'm not finished with you yet..." 

Her smile sends a cold shiver down your spine.

To Be Continued