 The sun streamed in Liz' window and she slowly opened her eyes. She had slept very well and was eager to start a new day. She threw back the covers and walked naked into the bathroom. She emptied herself and then made coffee. She slipped back beneath the covers and as she sipped her coffee she planned her next move. 

She had senses the frustration and disappointment in Kelly's voice on the phone last night. She too was frustrated but she also knew that if Kelly was to be a long term lover, it would have to be Kelly's decision. Liz would play a waiting game believing that Kelly would give in and enter into a loving long term physical relationship with Liz. No, she would not call, not today.

Kelly woke up frazzled. She had not slept well, tossing and turning, wondering if Liz was merely a one night stand. She replayed their conversation over and over again in her head looking for some hint in something Liz had said, but there was nothing.  

Kelly rose, took a quick shower, made coffee and then got the kids up for summer camp. Day turned into night and she was chagrined that she did not receive a phone call from Liz. 

Kelly went to sleep that night totally frustrated. There was an ache, an emptiness in the pit of her stomach and regions lower that caused her to think only of Liz. Her frustration had now turned to need and desire. She had to have Liz, but how. Obviously Liz was no longer interested in a loving relationship, perhaps not even as a friend. She had to know, she had to find out. She would invite Liz over for lunch and see what developed.

Kelly rose and had planned to call Liz by nine a.m. But as the minutes slowly ticked by she called at eight-fifteen. Liz answered and was pleased that it was Kelly. She smiled to herself as Kelly made the luncheon invitation and said she couldn't make it for lunch. She heard the definite disappointment in Kelly's voice. 

There was a long pause when Kelly said, "The kids have some kind of special field trip today at summer camp and won't be home until nearly eight p.m. Could you come over for coffee at about two p.m.?"

Liz paused and then said, "Yes I could squeeze in a quick visit at two p.m." Kelly didn't want a quick visit, but she thought that any visit was better than none. The two women hung up the phone and busied themselves. 

Liz would play it coy, not bringing up the other day. She wondered how long it would take for Kelly to crack. Or, maybe she had misread Kelly. Perhaps she didn't want a relationship. Liz quickly put that notion out of her mind. 

Kelly was a wreck. She wanted things to be perfect. She got the kids out the door and when everything was in place all she could do was wait. At two-ten the phone rang. Liz said she was running late and would be there as soon as she could. Kelly's frustration level rose even higher.

It was nearly two-forty-five when the doorbell finally rang. She opened the door and to her relief it was Liz. Kelly was so relieve that she felt slightly light headed. She just looked at Liz for a moment and was brought back to reality when Liz finally said, "Well, are you going to invite me in?" The two women laughed and Kelly gave Liz a hug as she entered. Liz smiled to herself and followed Kelly into the family room.

She took a seat on the couch as Kelly got the ice tea. She returned telling Liz that it was too hot for coffee so she had made the cold beverage. Kelly handed Liz a glass and sat down next to Liz on the couch. The heat began to rise between the two women. They could almost smell each other's arousal. They chatted about little things and Liz never even mentioned the other day. 

Kelly stuttered and stammered and then her knee touched Liz's knee. Liz just waited. She would not make the fist move. It had to be Kelly's play and Liz just waited. Liz had set her glass down and told Kelly that she really needed to get going. Kelly was distraught. She couldn't go another day so she leaned in and kissed Liz softly on the lips. It was a tender kiss, a sweet kiss, their lips slightly parted but no tongue play, not yet. 

Kelly broke the kiss and looked into Liz's eyes. "I have missed you so much." Liz smiled and the two women kissed again. Their arms went around each other and the two women's lips parted and tongues darted in and out. It was all Liz could do to keep her hands from fondling Kelly's breasts but she held back. 

Soon the breathing of both women increased and Kelly began to caress Liz's breasts. Liz sighed softly and Kelly began kissing Liz's throat while she unbuttoned the older woman's blouse. Kelly pushed the blouse off Liz's shoulders and she kissed along the tops of Liz's shoulders. At the same time her hands massaged Liz's breasts thorugh her bra. Liz decided that she would be the passive one and allow Kelly to be the aggressor. This way it would all be on Kelly and then she would have this woman for her lover.

As the two women kissed Kelly unsnapped Liz's bra. She slid the bra down the older woman's arms and then cupped her breasts. She held them, as if weighing them. Her thumbs lightly stroked Liz's hardening nipples. Liz stroked Kelly's hair and sat back into the couch. 

Kelly leaned forward and took Liz's right nipple into her mouth. She nursed at the older woman's breast. Kelly was filled with emotion. She was not only sexually aroused, the dampness in her panties would testify to that, but there was also another feeling. It was a feeling of warmth and safety. Kelly imagined this is how an infant must feel as the babe nurses on her mother's breast. She felt content and peaceful, yet sexually charged. 

As Kelly now nursed on Liz's left breast Liz stroked Kelly's hair, like a mother would do to her child. Liz felt sexually charged but she also felt like a mother giving life and nourishment to her child. It was a soft and satisfying feeling. 

Kelly's hand slid down across the roundness of Liz's tummy and she cupped Liz's mound. Liz moaned and spread her legs to let Kelly in. She made deep circles around Liz's pussy and could feel both the heat and the warmth. Liz kept stroking Kelly's hair and telling the younger woman how good she felt.

Kelly unzipped Liz's shorts and then undid the snap. Kelly moved off the couch and knelt in front of Liz. She reached down and took off one of Liz's sandals and kissed the older woman's instep. Kelly looked at Liz's foot and suddenly she was surprised to discover how sexy the foot was. 

She leaned over and began to lick each toenail as tough her tongue was putting on toenail polish. She then switched to other foot and began to suck on each toe. As Kelly did this she thought I wonder if when you are really in love with someone all of their body becomes sexually arousing. It struck Kelly then, that she did indeed love Liz and wanted to be her lover for years to come. 

Kelly lowered Liz's foot and looked up into the older woman's eyes. "How beautiful she is," Kelly thought. As she reached up and began to slide shorts and panties down Liz's legs Kelly said, "I love you." 

As the panties came off her feet, Liz pulled her legs up and put her heels on the edge of the couch. She spread legs wide and offering her flower to Kelly. As she did this she replied, "Oh Kelly, I love you."

Without a moment's hesitation Kelly Leaned in and kissed her way up Liz's thighs. She could smell Liz's arousal emanating from her pussy. It drove Kelly on and finally she kissed the outer, swollen lips. Liz sighed and decided that it was time to go to heaven. She would focus on the feeling that Kelly's tongue was giving to her swollen clit and would take her pleasure now and tend to Kelly later. 

As Kelly's tongue swirled inside of Liz's pussy the older woman moaned. Her breathing became more ragged. She lightly twisted her own nipples as Kelly licked. Liz's hips began to move slightly up and down off the cushion and when Kelly licker her clit at the same time she put a finger in Liz's pussy Liz said, "Oh god, Kelly I love you so much."

Kelly's tongue worked the swollen bud while her finger pressed away on the upper wall of Liz's pussy. Liz was in heaven. She was conflicted. She wanted the pleasure to continue but she wanted the release that only and orgasm could give. 

Now Liz's hips were rising and falling. She had made her decision; she would surrender to the orgasm and let it overtake her. There would be more pleasure, more orgasms with Kelly over time, but now she needed release. 

She lay her head back and let go totally. Her whole body was flushed and she was covered with a sheen of perspiration. She felt a warmth, no it was a heat radiating from her pussy to her tummy and down her thighs. 

Her pussy began to contract and her hips began to buck violently. Her toes curled and she felt a rush course through her pussy. She felt an overwhelming heat as her pussy ejaculated fluid into Kelly's face. 

Kelly was momentarily stunned but kept licking and swallowing. This liquid was from the woman she loved. It had to be wonderful and she wanted it. She was a little bit of Liz her own body, something she could carry with her in her tummy. 

Liz cried out as she came and then the feeling began to subside. Her breathing returned to normal and she began to relax. She smiled down at Kelly and Kelly rose to kiss her. The two women kissed and Liz could taste herself. The two women broke the kiss and just held each other. 

Kelly looked at Liz and said, "Darling, words cannot describe how much I love you. I don't really want this to end. I don't suppose that you would consider spending the night?"

Liz stroked her cheek and said, "I packed a bag and it's out in the car."