 The sun shone through Liz's window and she began to stir around 6: 30 a.m. She slowly climbed out of bed and padded into the adjoining bathroom. She sat on the toilet and let out her early morning amber stream. When finished she patted herself dry and walked naked past the mirror in the bathroom She paused for a moment to look at herself. 

At fifty-one she wasn't bad. Her blonde hair hid the few strands of silver. Her skin was tanned yet still supple and smooth.  Her 36 c breasts were still in good shape even though they had begun to sag because of age and gravity. Her ass was rounded and smooth and just below the slight roundness of her tummy was her curly, blonde haired pussy. Not bad for an old broad she thought. Still hot enough to keep her husband happy and to attract a new lady every now and then. 

She padded off naked into the kitchen and made coffee. When it was ready she took a cup back to bed with her and climbed back under the covers. She thought about yesterday and her lovemaking session with Kelly. While Kelly totally enjoyed the experience and told Liz that she loved her, Liz wondered if a night of thought might change Kelly's heart and mind. Perhaps she would have feelings of remorse and betrayal toward her husband. Liz thought about calling and inviting her over, but thought she would call later that day just to day hello. Liz smile to herself and hoped that this would be the beginning of a long and lusty relationship.

About fifteen minutes away Kelly had given the kids breakfast and she too climbed back in bed with a cup of coffee. She lounged in her shorty pj's and thought of the events of yesterday. Kelly had red hair down past her neck with milky white skin. Her 34 b breasts were firm and the nipples were a translucent pink. Her ass was nicely rounded and her tummy was just slightly rounded after the birth of her children. Her pussy was neatly groomed but still showed that she was a natural red-head. 

As she sipped her coffee she thought about yesterday. If you had asked her how she felt about woman to woman love at this time yesterday morning she would have quote you chapter and verse as to why it was wrong and unnatural. But after yesterday she wasn't so sure. It was s soft and tender kind of love, nothing she had ever experienced with her husband. She thoroughly enjoyed making love with her husband but she did think that once in while a soft, tender kind of lovemaking was just what she needed.

She had never even given it a thought until Liz. There she was one moment enjoying her older friend's company and the next moment she was in bed, making love to her. As she contemplated she was glad that it was someone of Liz's maturity and seasoning that had introduced her to female to female sex. Kelly had always looked up to mature women. They were confident, sure of themselves and knew what they wanted. Mature women weren't hung up on hair styles and make up, but on life and enjoying it. She was thankful that it was her mature friend Liz who was there for her. 

Yet Kelly wasn't sure that she would ever have sex with Liz or any other woman again. Even as she thought about the not having sex again, she realized that her pj bottoms were slightly moist. She knew she enjoyed it, no she loved it, but was she prepared to continue. She thought not. She decided that when Liz called she would tell her they could be friends, but never again lovers. She had made up her mind.

Liz finished her coffee and went into the bathroom and filled the tub. She enjoyed luxuriating in a nice bath to begin the day. As she lay in the warm, fragrant water she thought about her own first time with another woman. She remembered that while she enjoyed it she had decided that she would never again have sex with another woman. Yet here she was nearly twenty-five years and three women later with another female lover. She knew what Kelly would be going through, so she decided that she would let the younger woman simmer in her own juices so to speak. 

By midmorning, the kids were gone to summer camp and Kelly was now alone. She waited for Liz to call. She had been working on her speech, but there had been no call from Liz, no opportunity to give her the well rehearsed speech. 

By mid afternoon Kelly was wondering if something was wrong. Why hadn't Liz called? Maybe Liz had decided that she did not want to continue the affair with Kelly. Kelly wondered if she hadn't done a very good job in satisfying Liz. She glanced at the calendar and realized that Tom would be on the road for five more days. The idea of five more nights alone in bed was not appealing to her. The image of her between Liz's legs ran through her mind and she felt a slight tingle in her nipples.  

When the kids came home Kelly really began to worry about the whole situation. What was wrong with Liz she wondered? Damn it, why hadn't she called? Was Liz only interested in a one night stand? She was becoming angrier as time went on. She wondered if right now Liz was seducing someone else. Wondered if Liz had her head between some other young woman's legs. She fed the kids and put them to bed. 

She sat alone watching TV but inside she was fuming and missing Liz. How could she do this to me? Get me all excited and then not call. Doesn't she realize that I miss her? At eleven Kelly was getting ready for bed when the phone rang. 

Expecting Tom she was surprised when she heard Liz's voice on the other end. Kelly was irritated but she quickly dismissed the idea of getting caddy. The two women talked for a while an then Liz said good night and hung up. She hadn't even mentioned yesterday.  Kelly sat and tears rolled down her cheeks. How could she be rejected like that?  Didn't Liz realize how much Kelly loved her? Kelly took a hot shower and climbed into bed. 

She tossed and turned for a quite a while, unable to sleep. She knew what she needed and she wished Tom were there for some loving. Slowly her right hand made it's way between her legs. She slowly began to slide her finger into the folds of her pussy. She dipped her finger inside and was surprised to find just how damp she was. She slid her finger back out and began to circle her clit with the moistened finger. 

As she pleasured herself her thoughts drifted off into erotic fantasy but she did not think of Tom, rather her thoughts turned to Liz. She pictured herself making out with Liz. She was fighting, not wanting to give in but she could see herself parting her legs and allowing Liz to do whatever she wanted to her. She fought the feelings and then suddenly she felt the orgasm wash over her. She was bathed in perspiration and just lay there. She was trying to figure out what she wanted to do when she slowly drifted off to sleep.

Liz was thumbing through a magazine when she realized there her husband would not be home for five more days. She knew that this would give her ample opportunity to make Kelly her regular lover but she knew that she would not rush the girl, but would make her beg for it when the time was right. Liz smiled to herself, turned off the light and fell asleep.