 Amanda had broken up with Eric and was obviously in a bad mood.

Hard words were said, maybe he needed his freedom, maybe he was just an asshole.

Fact is, Amanda had given part of herself to Eric and now she doubted herself as a woman. She doubted her choices and her stupid incline to connect deeply with her lovers.

She had left their apartment purposefully because even the small bedroom window with the restricted view reminded her of Eric opening it every time he wanted to torture her and make her explode in his arms silently, so her moans wouldn't be heard.

She swallowed hard as her cell kept ringing. Good, she smiled, it was the song he hated.

"Hey girl" Lisbeth's voice filled the receiver. "How are you honey?"

Lisbeth has always been there for Amanda. An extrovert yet caring girl, a honey blonde woman with expressive brown eyes, not as sweet as Amanda's but sensual and warm. She was strong and enduring, she was the perfect medicine after a break up.

Before Amanda could answer, Lisbeth went on "Ice cream and wine are on their way. You only have time for a shower and I will even paint your toenails a vibrant red."

Amanda smiled effortlessly and, as always, rushed to follow Lisbeth's orders.

It seemed the shower did well to her heartbroken soul. She lathered and let the water run on her honey colored womanly body, glistening the curves and making her light chestnut hair fall in waves on her neck and shoulders.

She was just finishing oiling her body and hair with a strawberry flavored almond oil, when the doorbell rang. 

Wrapping a towel around her naked body was all she managed.

A rushing Lisbeth carrying brown bags laughed at the sight. "And I thought I would be the only one with dripping hair" she exclaimed touching her own half dried hair. She leaned to kiss Amanda's cheek. "Hon, you smell terrific" she said in a husky voice. Amanda laughed. That tone of voice stirred something inside her.

Lisbeth was wearing grey short sweatpants and a white tee shirt, clearly without a bra. Again that stirring.

"I better go and change into my clothes" she started. 

"No need Amanda, it's girls' night. Just let me dry your hair. Oh," she closed her eyes inhaling "baby girl you got to tell me where you got this wonderful smell..." 

Amanda mumbled something about strawberry oil and followed her girlfriend in the kitchen when she was looking for the tool to open the wine. Amanda laughed "They are all still in the boxes" and nodded at the floor and the six cupboard boxes. "Wait" Amanda added with a flash in her eyes, "I think I saw something here" and bent to the last drawer. 

"God Amanda, watch out! That towel isn't covering much" and whispered "Eric was a fool to leave you."

Amanda heard and bit her lip. "My thoughts exactly" she hissed bitterly and changed the subject. "Let me get some glasses, I am sure they are somewhere ..." 

"No need love, we can share the bottle. But I need two large spoons for this chocolate baby" she giggled and presented the ice cream bucket. 

Amanda had that stirring again, like her womb was reacting. Fuck, what she reacting to? Maybe she felt sexy by her own smell, maybe it was the lack of actual sex for the past weeks, maybe Lisbeth's admiration she could see in her eyes. 

Lisbeth took the first sip and handed the bottle to her girlfriend. She also tasted half the spoonful of ice cream and presented it to Amanda's mouth. "Open your mouth sweetie, don't make me beg you for this superb delight."

Amanda did it and instinctively closed her eyes. Delicious. "More?" she heard Lisbeth ask, in a somewhat lower voice. She nodded. Oh yea. More. 

Suddenly she felt soft lips brushing on her own stained from the chocolate dessert. 

"Today you're good enough to eat girl."

Amanda opened her eyes. She saw Lisbeth's gaze intense and warm and felt her pussy a bit wet. Not a good sign. She had a puzzled look but couldn't find the voice to turn it into words. 

"As simple as that baby. You're good enough to eat tonight."

That did it. Amanda felt a real wave of wetness between her legs. She looked at Lisbeth, noticing her wet soft lips. Lisbeth, never taking her gaze off her girlfriend, took a sip of the bottle and handed it to Amanda, always locking eyes with her. Amanda drank a smaller gulp and swallowed hard. Warmth was circulating inside her body and wine wasn't to blame. 

Lisbeth came closer, so close her lips her on Amanda's lips touching and leaving. She felt the wine in her breath, crisp, acidic and faintly erotic. Lisbeth whispered "Let go baby girl, you are fabulous tonight" and ran her finger from Amanda's shoulder down her arm without any rush. 

Amanda half opened her mouth, juicy and swollen by the wine that lingered there and faked a smile "Fuck men."

"Hell, fuck blind men who aren't brave enough to fall for a woman like you" smiled Lisbeth and sucked Amanda's lower lip. She kept kissing her as she undid her friend's towel. Amanda didn't protest. 

In fact, after a split of a second, she held her friend's neck slightly demanding and brought her face even closer, noses touching and she slid her tongue inside Lisbeth's sweet mouth. 

Amanda felt her friend's fingers, feather brushing her nipples and outlining her breasts. Oh fuck! That persistent tingle inside her pussy, a thread from nipples to clit and deeper. So good. Amanda let herself go and kissed Lisbeth like she would a male lover, only her lips were softer and fuller, smelling faintly of vanilla lip balm. She reluctantly grabbed her girlfriend's tits, circling her nipples with her thumb and losing herself into the sensation of a full breast inside her palms, soft yet firm, hardening and pushing itself on her, god, Lisbeth was actually pushing her body on her. 

She gasped and Lisbeth leaned to her ear "Baby girl, you are so fuckable sweetie. I want to taste that sweet pussy of yours and make you cum in my mouth.... Amanda, I haven't tasted another woman before..."

Amanda, instead of answering, took her hand and with uncertain moves she guided it to her so wet pussy. Lisbeth let out a small moan and grabbed her mound exclaiming "God, love, you are so wet" and dipped a finger just a bit inside her opening. After she swirled it for a few moments that Amanda forgot to breathe, she took it out slowly and breaking their kiss she brought it to their lips. 

"You taste heavenly, sugar. What man is fool enough not to want to eat that pussy and fuck it till it explodes, baby?"

Lisbeth gently pushed Amanda on the bed and threw the towel away, staring at her naked body and took sensually her own tee completely off, showing her small, pointed pink breasts, the ones Amanda felt again the urge to touch. "Yes love, you will taste them, hold on a bit until I taste your pussy first."

Amanda felt such an anticipation that reminded her of her first times with Eric, when she felt she would come only by feeling him caressing her in such a naughty way and feeling his hard cock on her thigh. 

Lisbeth did as promised; buried her face between Amanda's thighs and started licking slowly her slit, avoiding all other areas. When Amanda almost screamed urging her to move up, Lisbeth applied more pressure to her warm tongue and circled her opening. Oh god. Amanda arched her back and let a cry out. Oh god! Lisbeth followed the path and licked her clit, biting softly, never letting pressure under a point, making her hips move and bounce, pushing Amanda over the edge. Suddenly she left her hanging there and came up to her face, asking huskily "Where are your toys honey?" 

Amanda, still pushing her hips to meet her, moved her head in desperation, in a 'don't have any ones available now.'

Lisbeth took a quick look around her with feverish eyes and spotted a bunch of candles on an armchair. She took one and ran it up and down Amanda's slit, gathering her delicious juices. Then, she locked eyes with her. "Trust me baby, I wanna make this sweet pussy drip and cum" and pushed half of the white candle inside her. Amanda gasped. Something hard, not very thick and warm entered her, opening her up, gliding inside her already moistened walls and moving in hard strokes, filling her and deserting her, circling her walls and then pushing deeper. 

Lisbeth came above her, straddling her above her knees. She was pushing the candle in and out her girlfriend's pussy, watching it disappearing between her lips and feeling her moving each time, looking at her face begging for her to move her hand faster and grabbing her heavy breasts with the other hand, rolling down her belly and back to her neck. 

Amanda was lost in her lust and made incoherent sounds. She could only make out some pleading words along with 'please fuck me.' 

Oh yea, she would fuck her. When Lisbeth lowered her face to kiss her, Amanda couldn't kiss back, but between her erratic, short breaths she kept repeating 'I am cumming, I am cumming.'

Lisbeth kept on kissing her, softer and sweeter, until her friend's body stopped convulsing on the candle and her hand. 

Amanda held her close and kissed her earlobe whispering 'thank you.'

Lisbeth caressed her shoulders and replied "Sweetness, you so deserved it. Eric is a fucking fool. Your pussy tastes great and you respond so womanly. My pleasure love!"

"Can I... can I make you as happy too?" asked Amanda, blushing but hoping.

"Oh baby girl, glad you asked! Let's have some ice cream and watch a movie first. Or half a movie!"

And they both sat on the couch naked, holding hands, feeding each other big spoonful of ice cream, laughing and touching. 

Eric who?

 ......

{Thank you Dave for correcting me and keep editing my stories!}

And, baby, you are mine, end of story