 "I often enjoy this fantasy... I can imagine the scene in detail when I am playing with myself.... I nearly always come.

"Basically, I am in a bare, wood panelled room. The wooden floorboards are bare, and the formal sash-window looks out on to a garden. 

"In one corner of the room is an old-fashioned, wooden, upright dressing mirror, tilted towards me so that I can see myself.

"And my lover. 

"She is naked, save for sheer black stockings that accentuate her adorable olive skin. She has lithe, slim legs. Her breasts are boyish - small and firm. 

I have tied her hands behind her back with thin cord at the wrists so that the back of her hands rest on her firm ass.

"She is gazing at me questioningly, but without saying anything. She can only make panting sounds.

"You see - she is wearing a ball-gag. Her crimson lips are parted in a lover's grimace by the red ball that presses into her mouth. Her nostrils are flared as they compete to breathe with the inward sucking of air through the small holes of the gag.

"She turns her gaze from me to the mirror. I have positioned her so that it frames her perfectly, from the tip of her dark hair to the polish on her toenails. She knows she must not move away, and is only allowed to bend forward.

"She is a mirror-slut: someone who loves looking at her own wantonness. I can tell she is wet even without catching the faint scent of her arousal. She gets turned on by her own body's reflection. 

"The mirror never lies.

"I cup one of her ass cheeks with my hand. It fits perfectly into my palm and she tenses imperceptibly, alert to what is to follow. Her ass is cool and firm, and betrays little of the heat that lies within. Warmth that will be mine to take.

"I am standing close to her now, so that her hip nudges me. 

"Still holding her ass, I caress her left breast, lifting it slightly, and then pinch one nipple, then the other, just a little, feeling them rise and swell to my touch. 

"She flinches for a moment, and then relaxes.

"I lean forward to kiss the softness of her neck, and then mouth my lips towards her ear.

"It's time to begin," I whisper.

"Still holding her ass, my left hand strokes the short, soft fuzz of her neat bush, and then slides between the folds of her wetness. Small, gentle, soft strokes. No hint, yet, of the hard finger thrusts and circling to follow.

"Up and down... up and down... with only a hint of inward exploration. With each stroke I can feel her getting more slippery.

"In the mirror I can see her body flexing and bending as she anticipates my movements, the better to heighten her arousal.

"Her nipples are hard now, without any encouragement from me, and her flat stomach is etched with momentary pleasure lines as she moves backwards and forwards, still only slightly, as she yields to my insistent rubbing.

"Pushing her ass forward firmly, I now press into her with two fingers, small rapid strokes, in and out, in and out, in and out, and then finally slide up and part her hood. Her clit is almost ready, small and pink and pearl-like.

"The mirror hasn't changed. The hard lines of the frame and the angular base and the flat glass are impassive. But the reflection has changed completely. My lover's head is thrown back, her cheeks flushed, her chest reddening with arousal, her eyes half closed, saliva glistening on the vivid ball-gag.

"It's time to ratchet things up a little.

"Upping the circling movements on her clit, moving away and then returning, I pause for a moment. She thrusts forward immediately, silently beseeching me to continue, her head turned to me, eyes pleading and making a questioning gurgle through the gag.

"But... she must know how her question is going to be answered?

"Without resuming the arousal, I stroke her ass instead, first one side, then the other. Now there is a different rhythm to my lovemaking, which she is quick to respond to, moving her body with a slow writhing, pushing backwards into my hand.

"I trace my finger down her cleft, trailing my finger tip between her ass cheeks, up and down, up and down, up and down, each time going just a little inward. Moving my other hand to my shoulder, I press her down so that she has to bend her knees, and, in doing so, open her ass to me.

"I reach between her outstretched legs to her wet cunt, and trail her excitement back between her legs and over the warm aureole of her anus, gently circling her ring, round and round, round and round, first one direction, then the other, back towards her cunt, more wetness, back to her ass, lingering over her perineum, knowing the heightened pleasure that she is experiencing there.

"Her head is bowed forward now. The mirror shows her tousled hair falling over the nape of her neck, the one, two, three of the delicate bones in her arched spine. Her stockinged legs are splayed apart, waiting for what is next.

"I pause for a moment, savouring the sight of her willing submission, and inhale the raw scent of her sexual heat.

"Then, lovingly, I rotate my hand, and press the tip of my middle finger slowly but firmly into her anus. 

"Every time is the first time. The flinching, instinctual resistance never relaxes, never diminishes. As a kindness, I rest the fingernail tip within her sphincter, marvelling at its persistent tightness, understanding the humiliating pleasure it affords. 

"And then the journey inward. Each insistent pressure is followed by a small backward movement, inward and outward, inward and outward, so that first my finger tip, then the next joint, and finally my whole middle finger is held tightly within her ass. The heat is quite different to her cunt. Hot. Fiery. Burning. Yet, only strokes away, is the cool ivory of her ass cheeks, spread apart by my other fingers, and thumb.

"The mirror shows how she is impaled, and now I slowly lift upwards, only a little, but enough to force her to straighten her back, press deeper only my finger, only now I quickly withdraw and as rapidly move back in again. Only, this time, with two fingers in her ass, the better to gently hold her weight.

"And now my other hand has gathered into her sweet wetness. It is time to complete.

"Slowly at first, but then more forcefully, I work her to orgasm...

"Argghhhhhhhh.........ahhhhhhhhhhhhh

"In the mirror, I can see her beginning to wriggle with excitement, torn between the competing sensations of her cunt and ass. 

"I jiggle my finger in her asshole, and press harder and harder against her clit.

"She is straining now, her face as scarlet as her gag, her eyes screwed shut, her chest rising and falling with each gasp, her nostrils flared.

"Her clit is hard, slippery to the point of exultation, and my other finger is clamped tight by her ass.

"There is a frenzy of movement as she approaches her climax.... She wills me to circle her clit harder and faster with my thumb as she bucks and rocks her ass upon by two fingers, clamping them in grasp of erotic love. "I pull my head back and glance in the mirror. She is reared on her legs, breasts pulled high, hips thrust forward, writhing in silent exhilaration....intent only on satisfying her need for a molten orgasm which - Ahhhhhhhhh...hhhhhhh....hhhhhhhhhh - 

"She slumps forward against me... chest heaving... her ass relaxes as I slowly easy out my fingers.... she quivers momentarily as I gently touch her clit one last time.... her breathing slows...

"Tenderly, I carefully unbuckle the ball-gag as her lipstick smeared lips seek mine.. her untied hands hold me tight, then caress my breasts and move down my back to my ass.

"She whispers in my ear, 'Now it's your turn......'"