 Liz lay there basking in the glow of her orgasm. Her breathing had returned too normal but her body was still warm and flushed. A light sheen covered her body and she snuggled up closer to Kelly. As the two women lay there Kelly finally broke the silence.

"Liz, I was so worried when you didn't call. I really began to wonder what was going on. I thought you didn't care and was feeling alone and abandoned."

"Darling," Liz began as she lightly caressed Kelly's shoulder, "the step we took that first day was a big one. I knew you were struggling with your feelings. I knew that you didn't know if this is what you wanted and you weren't sure that it was even right. I had to leave it to you. I could not force you, but had to leave it to you to make the next move so that you understood that it was your decision completely."

Kelly looked up at her older lover and smiled. She leaned into Liz and gave her a soft kiss. "You are certainly wiser than I and you are right. I just want you to know that I will always love my husband, but now I know that I can love you as well and that it is all right, in fact better than all right. So, my love, where do we go from here."

Liz smiled, kissed Kelly, and said, "I get dressed, get my bag out of the car, and we make dinner for your children. Then we put them to bed and enjoy ourselves."

The two women busied themselves around the house. Kelly was excited and aroused at the plan of having Liz spend the night. She was so eager and excited that she tried to hurry the children along to eat their supper, get bathed, and go to bed. Of course the children resisted every step of the way. Finally a little after eight-thirty the children went down to bed for good.

Kelly poured two glass of wine and the two women sat on the couch in the family room. The two women sipped their wine and chatted. Finally at nine Liz spoke, "First, when I sleep with my lover, I always sleep nude. I hope you will too." 

Kelly blushed but shook her head in agreement.

"Second, lovemaking is an option any time, all through the night."

Kelly nodded again.

"Third, I have seen the nice big two person tub in your bathroom and I think we should adjourn to the tub now." The two women headed, hand in hand, to the master bedroom. Kelly lit several candles while Liz filled the tub. Then the two women undressed throwing their clothes on the floor. They climbed in together and snuggled up in the tub. They kissed and then began to wash each other. 

Kelly closed her eyes as Liz ran her soapy hands all over Kelly's body, and then Kelly washed Liz. The two women got out of the tub and dried off. Once dry Liz took Kelly in her arms and kissed her passionately. Their bodies became one as their mouths parted and their tongues danced in each other's mouths. The kiss and the warmth from the bath made Kelly a bit weak and lightheaded.

They walked into the bedroom, turned down the covers and climbed into bed. The two kissed and caressed each other all over. Never before had Kelly felt so excited as Liz explored every inch of Kelly's body with her hands and mouth. Liz kissed her way down Kelly's body and then settled in between the younger woman's legs. 

Liz put her arms underneath Kelly's legs which caused Kelly to open herself completely to Liz. For a brief moment Kelly felt vulnerable and embarrassed. Her lover could see her most intimate areas. But then Liz's tongue flicked out and rimmed Kelly's brownish pink anus. Kelly shuddered at the feeling. She never knew that should feel so good. She knew that women did that, but that they were naughty, slutty women, but the pleasure took over completely. She let out a deep sigh as Liz licked her from anus to clit. 

Long, broad, slow strokes. As Liz brought her tongue up Kelly tried to get the older woman to make extended contact with her clit. But Liz's tongue danced away leaving the younger woman frustrated in an exciting way.

As Liz licked around the tender inner lips Kelly moved hips trying to get clit to tongue contact, but to no avail. Kelly was so close to cumming that she could barely stand it. She reached down and tried to hold Liz's head in place but she couldn't hold on to the woman's moving tongue. She wanted release and she wanted it now.

The more this teasing went on the aroused Kelly became. Liz could smell the excitement coming from Kelly's hot wet pussy. It was a heady, musky scent that Liz just loved. Kelly closed her legs trying to pin Liz's head but the elusive tongue just ran away. "Please let me cum," cried out Kelly.

At that moment Liz got up and went to her bag. In the candle light Kelly couldn't exactly make out what she was doing. As Liz came back Kelly's arousal went through the roof. Coming out of Liz's pussy was the other end of a double headed penis shaped dildo. 

Liz settled in between Kelly's legs and reached down and took hold of the artificial phallus. As Liz lowered her hips Kelly guided the head of the dildo into her pussy. It was well lubed and slid right in. Both women paused for a moment and Liz kissed Kelly. When the kiss was broken both women began to gently thrust their hips.

It took a few moments for them to make a perfect rhythm, but then they hit their stride and both of them brought their hips together and then apart. Together and the apart. Liz grabbed Kelly's hands and held them over her head. Kelly had always liked the feeling of submission when her husband did that to her and she loved it now even more. 

The two women moved together and Liz lowered her head and kissed Kelly's neck As the women moved they both moved closer to the inevitable. Like a sneeze that starts your nose twitching so their clits began to twitch. 

The heat and the dampness grew within their loins as they pounded away to orgasmic bliss. They began to breathe in unison and they sounded like an old fashioned steam locomotive. Now their hips and bodies began to move of their own accord. No longer driven by thought, they were moving out of the most primitive of desires. The moaned and even grunted like animals. Their pussies leaking copious amounts of fluid, their bodies bathed in sweat as they moved to the peak. And then almost simultaneously they both fell off the cliff. Like free fall the two women exploded into orgasm. 

"Oh god, Liz, I'm cumming," cried Kelly.

Liz let out a groan and answered, "I'm cumming. I love, uh I love you, darling."

The two women abandoned all conscious thought to the pleasure that coursed through their bodies. The feeling was overwhelming and they surrendered to it completely. Soon their thrusting began to slow down. Conscious thought returned. They rolled on their sides still connected by the artificial cock they shared. Both women lay their panting. 

Their hair wet and matted to their foreheads. They looked at each other and began to smile. The smiles turned to giggles and the two women embraced and held each other tight as they reveled in their love and sexuality. Their bodies wet, and sticky the two women just lay, there not ruining the moment with words, but instead just sharing looks of love and devotion. Words and more love would come later.