 As the train rolled through the countryside, Jen realised that one of the advantages of being unemployed was that you didn't have to travel at the same time as everyone else. Sure, there were all the drawbacks - her rapidly expanding overdraft being the most prominent of those - but for now she could enjoy the fact that the train was almost empty, feeling like a private carriage taking her where she wanted to go. She didn't have to worry about finding a seat or being crammed in with commuters and instead had a whole row to herself. Indeed, except for the couple of people at the other end of the carriage, she was alone, and she was making the most of it. She was petite, so didn't normally take up much space as it was, but now she could spread out on the row of seats, resting her legs out on them as though it were one big couch.

The countryside they were passing through was pretty, but it got boring after a while and she lost herself in her book instead, barely noticing that the train had stopped at a small station and then pulled away again. Jen was only aware of it when she saw that someone else had boarded and sat down on a seat near her. She glanced up from her book, wondering why this person had decided to sit so close to her, when so many other seats were free, hoping it wasn't some guy who was going to try and chat her up. She relaxed inwardly when she saw it was another woman then tensed again, but in a different way, when she saw how attractive the new passenger was.

Jen had always regarded herself as bisexual, but it had been a while since she'd made love with another woman. Indeed, breaking that long empty streak had been part of the reason for this trip up to see Kelly. The two of them had always been friends more than they'd been lovers, even when they were sharing a flat during their final year at University, but they'd both enjoyed scratching the other's itch and providing sexual release when there were no boyfriends around to do it. They'd not seen each other for almost a year since their graduation and Jen had eagerly accepted her Kelly's invitation to come and visit her at the different college where she was studying for a Masters degree, a chance to pretend she was a student again for a few days rather than an unemployed graduate. Neither of them had said it in so many words - they never did - but they'd both lamented their mutual lack of sex lives on the phone when planning Jen's visit and she was sure that this would be rectified for both of them.

Although Jen had been with many more men than women as lovers, she had always preferred female bodies to male ones and the woman sitting opposite her possessed what was easily one of the most beautiful bodies she'd ever seen. Partly because the thought of getting together with Kelly again soon was prominent in her mind, Jen found herself continually looking at the woman, stealing glances up from her book every few moments. The woman was busy looking through papers and talking on a mobile phone to someone, her accent refined and aristocratic, but not disarmingly so.

Her hair caught Jen's attention first - long and a deep shade of red, curling ever so slightly as it flowed over her shoulders. She was in either her late 20s or early 30s, Jen thought, but however old she was she clearly looked after her body and was proud to show it off with its mixture of slim elegance and rounded curves in all the right places. She had a beautifully long, almond-shaped face with high cheekbones rising up from full red lips, her skin just pale enough to offset and accentuate the red of her hair. Her clothes fitted her so well they looked as though they had been made for her and her alone - a perfectly fitting white silk blouse that hugged her stomach and then moved out smoothly to show off her full round breasts and tight leather trousers that seemed to move with her like a tight second skin around long slim legs that tapered down to stiletto boots made of a matching material. Jen was amazed that a woman as beautiful as this was even travelling by train - she looked like the sort of person made to travel everywhere by chauffeured limousine and private jet.

They stopped at another small station. The people at the far end of the carriage got off, leaving the two of them alone as no one else got on board. As the train pulled out of the station and slowly picked up speed again, the woman finished her conversation and put the phone back in her elegant handbag, along with the papers she'd been consulting. Jen turned back to her book.

'Did you like what you saw?' Jen looked up. The woman was staring straight at her, a smile playing at the corner of her mouth, a glint in her grey eyes.

'What do you mean?' Jen asked her, feeling herself blush, embarrassed at being caught out when she thought she'd been subtle. She was expecting the woman to stand up and angrily walk off to the other end of the carriage, but instead she just sat there, her eyes burning into Jen.

'I said, did you like what you saw? You've spent the last half hour looking me up and down, haven't you? Did you think I hadn't noticed?'

'I'm sorry. I -'

'Sorry? Why? Do you think I don't like being looked at by girls? If I didn't like it, I'd have got up and moved.'

Jen was dumbfounded by this and couldn't think of anything to say. She could feel herself blushing furiously under the woman's gaze and part of her wished for the seat to open up and swallow her. Another part of her was intrigued, unsure just what the woman had been implying.

'You are a quiet one, aren't you? What's your name?'

'Jen.'

'Well Jen, as you've had such a good look at me, I think it's only fair that I get a look at you, don't you think? Stand up.'

Jen wanted to protest and refuse, but something in the woman's tone compelled her to obey. She stood carefully, wobbling a little with the movement of the train and the shakiness of her legs and took a couple of steps so she was standing in front of the woman. Jen knew she wasn't dressed anywhere near as glamourously as her, but she was glad she'd made a bit of an effort with her appearance, wanting to let Kelly know she was looking for sex when she arrived. The woman stretched out a hand and placed it on Jen's hip, causing her to gasp involuntarily as she softly moved it up her side lifting her short skirt slightly then letting her fingers slide over the soft wool of her tight sweater. Jen could feel her breathing becoming faster, more ragged as the woman's hand moved towards her breast then was quickly taken away.

'Very nice indeed, my dear Jen. I think I'd like to see more and I think you won't mind showing me more, will you? Sit down and remove your shoes.'

Part of Jen's mind was screaming at her, asking her what she thought she was doing, but she ignored it, feeling intoxicated by this mysterious woman's presence, knowing that to stop, to refuse, would mean she'd leave her and she'd never know any more of her, probably never see her again. Jen knew that she wanted to be with this woman more than anyone else she'd ever met before and would do anything for that. She sat on the seat directly opposite the woman and slid off her shoes.

'Good. Now, you look warm enough, so I think you can remove your tights as well, can't you?' She was still looking directly at Jen, impassive and almost daring her to refuse. Jen reached up under her skirt and hooked her fingers into the waistband of her tights, sliding them down over her smooth legs. As she exposed them, she was aware of how imperfect they seemed compared to the leather-clad ones opposite her. As she slid them off her feet the woman held out her hand, and Jen gave them to her, watching her smile as she put them in her bag. That done, she leant forward and ran her hands down Jen's bare legs, letting the tips of her fingers run along them. Jen watched, seeing the perfect blood red ovals of her nails flow over her skin, a feeling like millions of tiny electric shocks bursting underneath them.

'And finally, for now, your underwear.' She looked up questioningly at Jen, her hands still gently resting just below her knees, as if she wondered whether she'd take this final step. Jen breathed deeply and acted quickly before her courage could dissipate. She put her hands back under her skirt and quickly removed the small pair of lacy panties she was wearing. As she slid them down, the woman sat back in her chair watching intently, then taking the panties from Jen and softly sniffing them before placing them in her bag with the tights. Jen had never been out like this before, naked beneath a skirt she wished were longer, feeling the gentle breeze that moved through the carriage brush against her dampness.

'Now, do you taste as good as you smell, dear Jen?' She said, and moved forward again, sliding on her seat till she was perched on the end, her legs interlaced with Jen's rubbing the tight leather against her bare skin. She placed her right hand on the inner thigh of Jen's right leg and slowly moved it up. Jen could feel her legs parting almost involuntarily as the woman's hand moved towards her wet slit. Their faces were close, so close Jen could feel the softness of the woman's breath on her cheek, see her flawless smooth skin so close, her eyes still staring deep into her, almost completely unblinking, the soft scent of her perfume filling her nostrils. Jen tried to keep her breathing under control as she felt the woman's hand move further up her thigh until it nestled between her legs.

Jen let out a soft contented moan as she felt a solitary finger rub against the soft lips of her pussy, moving slowly up and down and then sliding easily inside her. It moved slightly inside her before the woman slowly pulled it out and carefully removed her hand from under her skirt. Jen kept absolutely still as she watched the woman raise her hand up between their faces. The woman parted her lips and then slowly sucked on her finger, smiling as she tasted Jen's juices in her mouth. After she'd sucked it all off her finger she removed it, licking her lips as she moved back to her seat.

'Very nice. Very nice indeed. Now tell me, dear Jen, how far you're planning on travelling on this train today.'

'To the end of the line. I'm visiting a ... friend.'

'Really? Well, I'm getting off at the next station, so you have a choice to make, my dear.'

'A choice?'

'Yes. You have to decide if you want to stay on this train, carry on to see your 'friend' and leave me with just the souvenirs you've given me, or you can delay seeing your friend for a day and come with me when I get off.' She glanced at her watch. 'You have a couple of minutes before we get there to decide, and I want you to remain silent while you think over your options. I shall get off and leave when we get there, and you must decide whether to follow me or not.'

As she finished speaking, Jen felt the train beginning to slow down as her mind raced through the two choices. Carry on to see Kelly and explain why she was without tights or underwear and how she turned down this beautiful woman for her, or abandon her friend for this unique chance? She knew there wasn't really a choice, and that it had effectively been made as soon as the option was given to her.

The train pulled into another quiet station. Jen watched the woman stand up and walk to the doors, not even glancing at her as she passed through them and stepped onto the platform. Quickly, Jen picked up her bag and followed her, the cool air outside bringing goose pimples to her bare legs and exciting her naked pussy.

Aside from the woman, there was no one else on the station. The train pulled away leaving the two of them on the platform. As it left the woman turned round and smiled as she saw Jen standing there.

'Good. Now we can really begin. Follow me.'

-----

To be continued...