 It was nearly 9:00 when Sharon rolled over and looked at the clock. The party the 

night before went on well into the morning, and to say the least, Sharon had had quite a night. As she lay there in her bed, eyes half closed, she remembered the feel of Janet's hands on her body. She could feel the way Janet took control and the way her own body responded to it. Not since she and Jeff were first married had she felt this kind of fire. Sex with Jeff had always been good, and there was nothing he didn't know about her, that is until now, but last night was like something out of a dream; a very erotic dream. 

With her eyes still foggy and feeling half dazed, Sharon remembered Jeff had mentioned an 8:00 tee time. He was gone for the day. She giggled as she thought to herself. "With all that went on, I'm surprised it even registered." 

With both arms raised high over her head and the soft pillow cradling her, Sharon extended her body into a hard stretch and yawned. "God!" she said it almost out loud. "That was just too good to be true." As she lay there thinking of the previous nights events, the sudden tingle between her legs reminded her just how true it had been. It wasn't long before Sharon inched her fingers down over her mound and into her already dampening slit. Her clit was almost instantly hard and in seconds she was gliding her long slender fingers into the wet tunnel and dragging juices around the stiff pink nub. Her moans were soft and sensual as she remembered the feel of Janet's hands caressing her body, undressing her. They became louder as once again she could almost feel the sting of the woman's hand on her backside. 

"Oh, God." She whimpered. Her body was on fire once again and with her nightie pushed up over her hips and thighs, Sharon was now furiously massaging her clit. With her legs bent at the knees and her hips rocking, she plunged two fingers hard and deep inside herself and began to moan frantically. Fantasy had always been a vital part of Sharon's sex life and this morning was no different, except that this was no fantasy. 

"Oh, Janet. Please, fuck me." Sharon heard herself begging. "Please, fuck me hard" 

With her fingers diving and pumping in and out, Sharon brought herself to a hard climax. With her legs spread wide and her pussy soaked, she lay there smiling. 

"Mmm, it truly was amazing." She whispered only to herself. 

It was the ring of the doorbell that jolted Sharon back to reality. As she crawled from the bed and smoothed down the nightgown, she grabbed her short kimono and tied it at the waist, mumbling as she padded down the hall toward the front door. "Now who in the HELL comes ringing at 9:00 a.m." She grumbled. 

She was more that pleasantly surprised to see Janet standing in the doorway, grinning from ear to ear, a small velvet jewelry box in her hands. 

"I thought you'd probably want these back." Janet smirked as she handed the box to her friend. 

Sharon smiled as she opened the box and saw her single strand of pearls curled against the satin lining. 

"Oh, Janet. Where did you..." Her voice trailed off as Janet interjected. 

"I thought of them this morning, so, after Charlie left, I made a flying trip to the cabin and sure enough, they were on the floor next to the bed." 

Sharon beamed. "Oh Jan, I don't know how I would have ever explained to Jeff.." 

Again her voice seemed to fade as Janet stepped inside. 

"You don't mind if I come in, do you?" 

Sharon tried desperately to compose her thoughts as she spoke. 

"Oh God! You must think I'm a complete idiot. Of course I want you to come in. I was just about to take a shower and make a pot of coffee. I take it Charlie's gone for the day as well?" 

Janet smiled as she watched her friend scamper toward the kitchen. 

"Tee off at 8:30." 

Sharon turned to face the woman. Her face suddenly flushed pink as she spoke. 

"Looks like it's just you and me today, Jan." 

As Janet approached, Sharon loosened the tie at her waist without a second thought. The kimono dropped open softly, revealing her already hardened nipples and the soft glistening mound between her legs. 

Sharon's voice was soft as she spoke, her eyes lowered to the floor. 

"I was wondering...no actually I was secretly hoping you'd call today." 

Again her face flushed hot and pink as Janet stood staring at her naked body. 

Jan's voice was low and almost rasping as she pressed Sharon back against the edge of the countertop and slid her hand between the womans' slightly parted thighs. The warm stickiness of Sharon's lips gave her away immediately. Jan chuckled softly as she parted Sharon's lips and slid her fingers along the wet sticky tunnel. 

"Been a naughty girl this morning, Sharon?" 

Sharon's legs parted almost instinctively as she leaned back against the counter, her eyes closed and her head dropped back. Her moan was soft and low as she felt Janet's fingers exploring her. 

"Janet, I...I couldn't stop thinking...feeling...the way you...we" 

Her words were short and her breath becoming ragged as she tried to put her thoughts together, but she couldn't concentrate on anything else right now except the feel of Jan's fingers buried deep inside her throbbing cunt.

Maybe this was the moment that she realized completely just how much she wanted this. Maybe it had been this morning as she lay on her bed masturbating herself frantically. Either way, one thing was certain. Sharon wanted to give herself up to Jan again, and there was no denying it. 

"Take it, Jan. Oh please...take me!" Sharon pleaded as she felt the woman's fingers exploring deeper and deeper. Her legs were parted wide as she clung to the counter and curled her fingers around the edge to brace herself. 

Jan moaned softly as she felt Sharon's juices flow over her fingers. "Mmm, what's the matter honey? Isn't Jeff taking good care of you?" 

Sharon's voice was barely a whisper as she panted. "Not like ...not ever like this!"

Sharon's need to release was driving her wild. It seemed an eternity that she stood braced against the kitchen counter, with Janet's fingers exploring, teasing, and tormenting her once again into submission. 

"Tell me what you want, Jan. Please! Anything! Just make me cum." 

As Sharon begged for relief, Jan felt her own juices flowing hot between her legs. She was certain her panties were soaked and could feel her clit throbbing hard in the soft V of her pussy.

"You know exactly what I want, Sharon." Janet rasped as once again she plunged her fingers deep into her lover's wet cavern. You know exactly how to turn me on." 

"Oh, yes Jan. I'll do anything for you. Just take it. Take me!" Sharon's voice was begging now as she felt her need become stronger and stronger. "Jan, please! I'm begging with you" 

Janet never said a word as she slowly withdrew her fingers. With Sharon's juices dripping, she took the woman's hand and silently led her down the hall toward the bedroom. 

The door to the bedroom closed with a soft click, and once again Sharon could feel the woman's hands on her body as she slipped the kimono from her shoulders. She shivered as Jan's mouth came down on the back of her neck, just like the night before. She stood, silently pleading for Janet to take her back to that moment; the moment that left her helpless and breathless with desire. 

Without a word, Sharon crawled quietly onto the bed. She felt her body tremble as she knelt on her hands and knees and waited. It seemed an eternity before she felt Janet's hands on her, caressing her bare bottom, sliding gently up the middle of her back. 

With both hands planted firmly on her lover's ass, Janet began to grind against Sharon's flared, wet pussy. Her own clit still throbbed hot as she pressed herself up against Sharon's ass and rotated her hips. It was the hard, sudden slap of Janet's hand on her bottom that made Sharon arch her body and almost scream with erotic pain. 

"Again, Jan. Please! Harder!" 

Janet groaned softly at the way Sharon's body responded and another sharp slap left the pink imprint of her hand on the woman's ass. 

Sharon's body rocked back, involuntarily. Her body moved in perfect sync with Jan's, her hips pushing back hard each time she felt Jan lunging forward into her. Her back arched and her head flew back in complete abandon with each spank of Janet's hand on her ass. 

Janet's voice was low and almost rasping as she continued to torment her lover closer and closer to orgasm. "You're such a slut, Sharon, My slut!"

With each smack of Janet's hand, Sharon's body arched harder and her hips rocked back for more. 

With each thrust and grind up against Sharon's ass Jan felt herself getting closer and closer to the edge. She came hard. Her whole body shook as she allowed herself the pleasure. Her hips jolted into Sharon's as she felt the thick pool inside her own pussy. With her own desire temporarily satisfied, Janet moved quietly from the bed. 

"Sharon, do you have a toy?" She questioned quietly. 

Sharon's reply was nearly breathless as she pointed toward the nightstand drawer. "Yes...in there. Oh God, Jan, please!" 

Jan opened the drawer silently, her fingers fumbling to find the dildo. With the smooth, hard latex in her hand, she climbed back onto the bed and gently rolled Sharon to her back. Her movements were fluid and graceful as she lifted the woman's legs up against her chest and watched Sharon's pussy flare open once again. With slow, easy strokes, she slid the toy up and down in her lover's slick juices, coating the shaft and head as she teased and pressed the toy against Sharon's hot, needy cunt. 

Jan's voice was still low and rasping as she spoke. "Want it, Sharon? Do you want it real bad?" 

Sharon was nearly in tears as she replied. "God, YES! I want it so badly. Please Jan....please. Put it in me. PLEASE!" 

The thrust was hard and deep. Sharon felt her hips lift high off the bed as she took the sudden plunge into her pussy. Janet's thrusts were determined and steady as stroke after stroke she pummeled Sharon's cunt with the thick, hard latex. 

With her fingers gripping hard on the bed sheets, Sharon spread her legs wider and wider, her voice almost a scream as she took each plunge of the cock. 

"Oh God...Oh my God! Janet...Janet please! Harder! Do it harder. Make me cum. I want to cum. I need to cum!" 

With her hips jolting and bucking, Sharon felt the firm push of Janet's finger as it came down on her clit and begin to circle. With deep steady massage, Janet manipulated Sharon to a frenzy, still thrusting the toy in hard, determined strokes. 

"Go on, baby. Let it go." Jan whispered. "You know you want to. It's ok, honey. Let it go." 

Sharon gasped at the sound of Jan's words. Her desire to release, coupled with Janet's encouragement took her hard over the edge. Her body quaked with the orgasm, arching hard as she heard herself scream. 

"Janet!!!" 

With her hips still bucking wildly, Sharon came for the second time that morning. 

"Janet...I don't....can't...Oh God, what are you doing to me?" Sharon panted as she felt the woman's hands on her hips, easing her slowly onto her stomach. 

"Shh, it'll be ok, Sharon. I promise." Jan whispered. 

With the latex still dripping with Sharon's release, Jan began the slow, gentle, but determined entry into her lover's ass. Sharon moaned softly as she felt the pressure against her tight puckered hole, and Janet's hands deliberately guiding the toy. 

"Jan, please. I can't!" Sharon pleaded. But even as she denied wanting it, her body gave her away as her hips pushed back for more. 

With slow, steady pressure, Janet penetrated her lover's ass. Her strokes were slow and easy but deliberate as she fucked Sharon's ass. Another resounding slap on her bottom reminded Sharon that she was not in control. She had submitted to whatever Jan wanted, and had done it willingly. 

With each thrust of the toy, Sharon felt her asshole throb and stretch, clamping down and drawing it in deeper. 

With her own body catching fire once again, Janet began to thrust her hips in sync with the stroke of her hand. With each pump of the toy, Jan pushed her hips and mound up against Sharon's ass and thighs. Their bodies moved in one perfect rhythm until neither of them could stand it any longer. 

Their orgasms came hard and strong. Janet felt the hot gush between her legs as she watched Sharon's body once again stiffen and arch in release.

As she slowed the strokes and gently withdrew the toy from Sharon's ass, Janet watched as the woman's body collapsed face down onto the bed. With tears streaming from the corner's of her eyes, Sharon rolled onto her back and reached for her lover. 

With soft, tender kisses, Janet brushed the tears from Sharon's cheeks and pulled the woman's body against her as they lay silently. 

With barely a word spoken between them, they had once again discovered each other, and Sharon was quite sure, had defined their roles as lovers. In her heart and mind, Sharon knew this was what she wanted. She would always submit to Jan, anxiously and willingly. Just as she knew that it was Janet's need to control that had brought them this far. 

As she curled her body back against Jan's she whispered softly. "Where does it stop, Jan?" 

Janet pulled her in tighter and held her. Her voice was no more than a whisper as she responded. 

"I don't know, Sharon. I really don't know. Maybe it doesn't" 

Hearing the answer she'd hoped for, Sharon closed her eyes and sighed. 

Once again, Jan kissed the back of Sharon's neck as her own eyes drooped heavy. Her voice was low and soothing as she spoke, more to herself than to Sharon. 

"Maybe it doesn't, lover. Maybe it just can't."