 It was the fall of 1999 and I was in my first semester of college. It was new and exciting, being in such a huge place where there were other people just as smart as me. But what was most exciting was all the beautiful people available to me to date. I wasn't a virgin that was for sure. I had actually lost my virginity only a few months before hand, back in July when I was only 18. I was new to the world of sexual pleasure and fantasy, and I quite enjoyed it.

I was taking eighteen hours worth of classes that first semester, and had my hands full when it came to class. But being the good student I am, I always had my work done ahead of time and ended up having a lot of free time on my hands. I needed something else to do. But what? I didn't really have any job skills and there weren't any clubs I was interested in, so what was a girl to do? Finally one day while in my drawing class, my teacher announced that the art department was looking for a model for one of his classes. He said that if any of us knew anyone, or if we wanted to apply for the job we were more than welcome to. Now, despite having lost my virginity only a few months before, I was still quite the modest person and extremely shy. But the idea of being a model, if even for an art class and not professionally, was quite appealing. After about a week of mental deliberation I decided to go for it. The interview was quick, and I was hired on the spot. The instructor said that it wasn't required that I do the modeling nude, but that it was preferable to the students and it would be double the pay. Still really shy I opted to pose in just my bra and panties for the time being. I started the next week.

On Monday, the first day, I was really nervous. I had primped and preened all weekend, making sure I would look my absolute best for this, seeming as how I was going to be stared at by a bunch of other people I went to school with. Before I took my first pose the instructor had me wait, in the hallway, my robe on of course, while he spoke with the class and laid down the ground rules about talking to the model and that sort of thing. Then he introduced me. If I was the fainting type I would have fainted right there in front of everyone, thankfully I didn't. I took my first pose, and the students began their drawing of my curvy and somewhat heavyset body.

Ever since I had lost my virginity, I had been curious about all things sexual. Being with a man was wonderful and so satisfying. But what was it like to be with a woman? I had always fantasized about being with a woman, to have her touch me in much the same way, as I would touch myself when masturbating. What did a woman taste like, would she moan like I did, or would she scream in agonizing pleasure? I was desperate to find out, but I was not raised to think or feel that way, so I kept my feelings and hidden desires bottled up inside, only playing them out when I was in my room alone and knew that my roommate would not be home for quite sometime.

It was nearing the end of the semester and I had finally gotten up the courage to go all out, and do the job completely nude. Again I was extremely nervous about this. One of the guys in the class I posed for was actually in one of my own classes, which made things a little odd. But I went through with it, deciding that I no longer cared what they thought of my body. They were just using it to draw from. I was just letting them do that. It wasn't like they were studying me to see if I was fuck worthy, it was just a job. A very highly erotic job, but still just a job that gave me something to do with my free time. 

One Wednesday after work was done, I was in the dressing room changing. One of the girls that had been drawing my nude curvy body that day knocked on the door. Having just finished hooking on my bra I called, "Come in, I'm decent." She came in. She was shorter than me, as most girls usually are, and she had a slender frame with medium sized breasts. Her hair was short, and silky looking, the kind you just had to run your hands through, and her eyes were a beautiful sky blue. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. "Hey, ah, Christy," she began, seemingly a bit nervous. "I'm not doing so well on getting things done on time for class, and I was wondering if ah...if you would be willing to do some posing for me outside of class. I'm willing to pay you for your time and work around your schedule. But I really need to get caught up on things." She said it all rather quickly, and as I was pulling on my sweater as she was saying all this, I caught her staring at my huge 48 D breasts. I smiled at her reassuringly, happy to be of help, and said, "Sure, why don't you come over to my room this weekend and you can do some catching up then. My roommate is going to see her aunt in New York, so I'll have the room to myself. Bring your drawing supplies and we'll talk payment then." She smiled brightly and thanked me profusely. We exchanged information about one another and then went our separate ways.

That Friday around 4 in the afternoon, Penny, the girl from the class, came up to my room, drawing pad in hand and pencil box in the other. She had also brought us some munchies and some music to listen to while she worked. I invited her in; she was wearing tight blue jeans that showed off her nicely shaped ass, and a skimpy little fuzzy sweater that really wasn't decent for this cold of weather. Her tits showed up nicely in it though, standing out proudly, and her nipples were hard from the cold of the outside air. I put the music on; we chatted for a bit and then got down to business. I stripped out of my clothes and sprawled out on the bed, in my first pose. Penny got to work right away and chatted happily as she did so. About halfway through the pose, she started to get quieter than she had been. I attributed it, to her working hard, trying to get the drawing right. Instead, I caught her staring at my body for longer periods than she really should have needed. Finally she growled in frustration and threw her pencil and pad to the floor. Startled I looked up, "What’s wrong?" I asked, "Did I move out of place accidentally?" Penny shook her head and sighed, "No, you were fine. I just can't take it anymore Christy." "Can't take what anymore," I asked. "You," she said, my eyes going wide with surprise. "What'd I do?" Penny smiled, "Nothing love, you didn't do anything but be so damn hot." "Me? Hot!" I squeaked. "Yes, and I can't resist you anymore. This whole semester in class has been torture, being able to see your luscious body and not touch it,” she said calmly as she stood starting to remove her shirt and then her jeans. "Ever since your first day, when you were so modest and scared, I've wanted you. I want to make love to you Christy. To give you an orgasm like you've never had before." I looked at her awestruck, and dumbfounded. "B...but I." before I could finish what I had been trying to stammer out, she crossed the few feet to the bed and had her lips locked on mine, kissing me hungrily, and with a fiery passion and reckless abandon. It didn't take long for the kiss to make my heart melt and to break down my barriers. Her hands groped my breasts, squeezing them and tweaking my nipples. Her hot lips trailed down my neck, lower and lower. She kissed and teased each breast individually, paying special attention to my nipples, teasing each one to extreme hardness. Instinctively, but nervously as well, my own hands began to explore her body. Her skin was smooth and without blemish and it felt so good under my fingertips. I let my own hands caress her breasts, my curiosity taking over. Patiently she allowed me to explore as she explored me at the same time. Her hand went down to my pussy, gently rubbing it, discovering every fold and tender area where she could excite a reaction from me. My pussy was so wet I was dripping. Never in my short time since losing my virginity, had a man made me feel this way. She ran her finger along my slit, up until she found that little nub of pleasure that was hard with desire and need. She stroked my clit, tugged it a bit, and played with it, sending waves of pleasure throughout my body. I was moaning quite loudly now and in the back of my mind I wondered what the people in the next room over were thinking about what was going on in here. 

Her lips went lower down my body, caressing my skin, until she reached my pussy. She didn't go straight for it though. Instead she took her time, kissing the inside of my thighs first and working her way back up to the lips of my wet cunt. A lick and I screamed about ready to cum just from the sweet sensation of it. A second, a third, soon she was eating my pussy like there was no tomorrow. Our moans of pleasure meshed into a beautiful symphony of love making as she ate me out, giving me the best pleasure of my entire life. A nibble on my clit with her teeth sent me over the edge and I came with a high-pitched scream that had the neighbors banging on the wall for me to be quiet. Hungrily she drank my cum, savoring its taste, licking me dry. It felt so wonderful; I couldn't believe how great it felt to have another woman do this. 

Penny came back up from between my legs, kissing me full on the lips. I could taste my sweet juices still on her lips. It was salty and sweet at the same time, kind of like sweet and sour sauce is sweet and sour at the same time. I tasted delicious and I wanted to know what she tasted like too. 

Sensing my urge, Penny, sat me up, and pulled my head to her chest, encouraging me, without words, to explore and have fun just as she had done. Not knowing really how to do it, I imitated what she had done for me. Her skin tasted like honey, her scent intoxicating and driving me wild. I licked and teased, pulled and twisted just as she had done to me. After a little while she came all over my face. I licked it up, tasting it and found it to taste even better than honey itself, if there is something that could taste so sweet. I licked her dry, wanting more, but the two of us were exhausted from our exploration of each other's body. 

We lay there on my bed, petting each other as lovers do, kissing and sharing our fantasies. I told her that she was the first woman I had ever been with and that I was glad she was my first. She kissed me and said there was much more to being with a woman than what we had just done. Penny began to relate to me what all there was and how incredible it all felt, which turned me on rather quickly. As we started to make love once again for the second time that night I found myself thinking, that this was going to be the beginning of a brand new life for me, a new life that wouldn't be without pleasure, ever again.