 Linda hummed tunelessly to herself as she made the bed and cleaned up the house. She was happy as she prepared for lunch she was to have here for the four other women who made up her Mother's Club. The Club got together each month to share their lives and experiences as they coped with their young children. They had met through the local mother's group after the birth of their children and though others had left the five of them continued to meet regularly just to enjoy some time away from their needy spouses and children. 

Her own two were either at school or with her mother this afternoon. Thinking of the time Linda looked out of the window and smiled with appreciation at the blue sky and warmth that the day promised. The pool was sparkingly clean and she had prepared a cold lunch from which they could graze on as they lazed and browned their bodies. She smiled as she imagined each of the girls in her mind.

Sue her blonde hair firmly tamed into a ponytail and her long athletic body straining against her tight fitting swimsuit. After the birth of her son she had quickly got rid of the flabbiness of her body as she had rebuilt her fitness. She ran marathons and was a gym junkie from way back.

Then there was Julia a short dark Italian beauty who tended towards plumpness but was a delight to be with, she seemed to radiate with a clear light humour that could make you laugh and sing very easily. In fact both Sue and Julia were great friends since high school and they lived next door to each other, though dissimilar in shape and size they seemed to be as close as sisters when they were together. 

How unlike her friend Martine a chestnut haired long legged woman who was forever gloomy in tone and manner. It was only when you got to know her that you realised that she was wicked in humour and character but wicked in the most agreeable manner. Linda had grown up with Martine and she remembered when they had met at Kindergarten. She ran her hands down her body as she stepped out of her clothes and pulled on the hot pink thong she was going to wear, though she knew it would be for a very short time before she was sunbathing naked with the other women. She pulled a pair of bicycle shorts over her ass and then a halter top over her full breasts.

She may be a little flabby but she still had a good body as she flipped back her blonde streaked hair and pulled it into a ponytail. Then she imagined the final member of the Club, the delightfully plump Joan who was as passionate as she was loud. Sometimes she appeared so blunt that she was rude but all considered that she was of good heart and she was a welcome member of their informal mother's club.

There would be another who was joining them today and she wondered about this cousin of Martine's but Martine had spoken about her need to have a break from the sheer unending toil of looking after her baby and husband. So the reluctant women had agreed to this woman joining them and to see what would happen. Linda's thoughts were broken by the sound of the doorbell.

Hurrying to the door she was greeted with a strong hug as Joan embraced her and it must be said caressed her ass and breasts with her plump but quick fingers. If she kissed Linda on the lips a more passionately than a friend would then Linda did not mind as she stroked the woman through her thin sun-dress marvelling with the fact that she had to be naked beneath it since she could feel only skin beneath the thin cloth. As though to confirm her suspicion Joan turned slowly around and flipped up the skirt to show a particularly tanned plump ass with-out any tan-lines.

"And how are you my wicked little minx?" Joan asked as she entered the house, a sweetly seductive smile firmly on her face.

Before the other woman could reply their attention was caught as someone hurried up the driveway. They waved at Julia who was quickly followed by Sue. As always Sue was encased in her short bicycle shorts and a very tight fitting exercise top, the total effect was as if she was completely naked and that someone had painted the cloth onto her body. Her teeth flashed white as she saw the women at the doorway. Julia also smiled and she was wearing a short skirt that barely covered her ass. Her breasts were virtually spilling out of the small bikini top that holding them.

As she walked up Linda heard Joan remark,"I must have a good suck on her breasts, she still has milk in them. Her husband made her continue to express milk after she weaned seems he likes to have her milk when he fucks her. Can't say I disapprove there is nothing like sweet mother's milk when you fuck a woman."

Linda nodded since she also found that she liked the taste of the liquid that the large milky nipples gave her when she sucked on them. Then the woman under discussion was in her arms and kissing her passionately before being drawn away by Joan who had her hands beneath the skirt and was enjoying the feel of the fleshy cheeks that were barely covered by Julia's bikini bottom.

"No kiss for me?" a smoothly seductive voice asked in Linda's ear and the woman gladly turned to Sue and took her into her arms. As she allowed her hands to wander down the long, lanky body she realised something with a shock. 

"I don't believe it, how long have you been like that," she laughed and attracted the other women's attention.

When they asked what was the matter Linda turned to them and said cooly,"Sue is completely naked, she's only wearing body-paint."

The others at first not believing what they heard gathered around the woman and began to touch and caress the very attractive toned paint covered body. Sue was rapidly enjoying the touch and attention of the other women as she stretched and showed off her spectacular body. Questions sprouted from the others, questions that Sue didn't answer only to be stopped as they heard a tooting horn as Martine's car stopped on the driveway.

The woman bounced out of the car to be joined by another woman who looked at the quartet at Linda's doorstep with timid curiosity. The others also watched her noting her curved hips and full breasts, she was of medium height and wore a conservative sun-dress her, her brown hair like Linda's had gold streaks through it and she had a very attractive face. Linda noticed that Martine had covered up more than she usually would and she wondered if they would not be as uninhibited as they usually were. As though hearing her thought Martine looked up and smiled reassuringly to the woman.

Swiftly Martine and her guest joined the women on the doorstop and introduced the woman.

"Candy let me introduce you some very dear friends of mine. Julia and Joan two very naughty girls, our runner and all around sportswoman Sue," Martine stopped as she looked at the woman and frowned as she realised that something was not as she thought it should be but she couldn't think what could be wrong, then Martine quickly continued," Our gorgeous hostess Linda of course. Everyone meet Candy."

With the introductions over Linda ushered her friends into the house and to the pool that waited out in the back. Usually this would have have been greeted with the others throwing off their clothes and diving into the cool water so that their games could be played. However with someone new here they held off and took to the food and drink first and which they pecked at. Linda feeling the unease of the others wandered over to Candy and began a conversation. 

Candy's face lit up as she talked and her face looked immediately attractive and arousing to Linda who noticed that she was intelligent. That had been noticeable from the first and she was appreciative of the adult company as she talked and gave her opinions. It was obvious that the woman was starved of adult companionship. Linda noticed that as she talked to the woman that Julia had slipped off her dress and had slipped into the pool wearing only her small bikini bottoms. It was all Linda could do not to join her but she felt that she needed to calm the nervous Candy. As she watched Joan's nude body flashed brown before Linda's eyes at she dove into the water.

Candy looked up and at the women. She smiled as Joan waved her arm and then swam over to the topless Julia.

"That looks so nice. It really is hot isn't it,"Candy remarked and then added in a whisper," Is she naked, Linda, Joan that is, I thought she looks very brown and ......."

"Oh yes she's naked and Julia's topless though she will probably get naked soon. We think that being girls together we don't need to wear swimsuits when we are all by ourselves," Linda remarked matter a factly, she had decided that she would not try to lie to the woman but she wouldn't offer information until she was asked. Looking at Candy she saw questions and arousal in her eyes.

"In fact if you don't mind,"and then without further comment Linda slipped off her t-shirt and pushed down her shorts leaving her almost naked except for her revealing hot pink thong that barely covered her pubis.

Linda watched as the other woman looked at her body with interest and hid a small grin, perhaps she will fit right in with the group Linda thought as she caught the other woman's eye and grinned. Sheepishly Candy smiled and looked on as Sue joined the other two in the pool, the paint covering her body dissolved immediately as she entered the water. Joan had pinned Julia to the wall and was stroking her hair with one hand and probably touching her milky nipples with the other Linda thought. Martine in a tight but covering black one-piece that she adjusted continually walked over to Linda and Candy. Martine was not used to wearing something so covering when she was with the club.

"You look wonderful, darling," cooed Martine to Linda to her as she joined the two women.

Linda smiled warmly at her friend's comment and ran her eyes slowly over her body, from her finely featured face over her breasts not large but enough to fit nicely into a hand and then over her pubis that was clearly pushed against the thin fabric. Finally she looked down the slim, elegant legs.

"So do you, honey, I think you have lost some weight too," Linda remarked as the other woman looked at them. 

"Flattery my dear will get you anywhere," Martine responded and kissed Linda long and hard on the lips.

Blushing Candy looked away from the two women in front of her only to see Julia firmly pressed against the wall groaning softly as Joan and Sue sucked voraciously at her breasts. Embarrassed Candy looked back to Linda who was stroking Martine's soft inner thigh with one hand and pinching her hard nipples with the other and smiled again at the confused woman who was becoming increasingly aroused as she watched the women around her. 

Candy had wondered what these women did when Martine had first told her of the Mother's club. A club that got together regularly to bitch about life and husbands. She had been so happy when someone had made the effort to talk to her like an adult. Candy had felt so alone since she had settled back home with her baby, she missed her work and her friends that had seemed to disappear when she had become a mother. Her son was six months old and there was no-one to talk to of other things than babies. Someone who would let her be other than her baby's mother. Linda saw the unasked questions in Candy's face and decided to explain what happened in the group each week.

"We met at an official mother's group but they were so rigid and we wanted just some time to talk about important things. I don't know about you but when I had my baby I felt that I was so frumpy and unsexy. Men are absolutely useless in understanding how you feel. They don't see you going from lover to mother but they don't seem to want you as much anymore and you really want to feel that you are still attractive. Of course it doesn't help that you are so tired," Linda saw Candy nodding, yes she could understand that. Sometimes she wanted to be fucked so much and all he wanted to do was sleep and go to work. Thank God her mother would babysit and that gave her some time off so that she could feel like a human being.

"Well I knew Martine so well since school and Joan and Julia were so nice we started to get together informally. Sue came along since she and Julia are great friends, well we enjoyed our times together and since we were so similar in the problems we faced that we would tell each other everything that was happening in our lives. So we all complained that our husbands or partners were just not interested in us anymore. One day Joan just kept on crying and crying and we tried to comfort her as she kept saying she was so ugly and her husband didn't want her," Linda took a deep breath and then continued.

"Somehow we started to kiss her for real and it just released all our pent up passion and need. It seemed so good to touch each other so intimately and right to help your friend to cum. It was one of the sexiest things that I had ever done, oh I had played around with other girls at college but this was so much more, I felt that I was wanted, that someone thought of me as a sexual person. That night I fucked my husband senseless and he loved it. Later the others told me that they had been so horny and that they had virtually attacked their men and it was one of the best night's sex they enjoyed for such a long time," Linda smiled at the thought and then slipped her thong down her legs exposing her swollen cunt which gleamed with dew on the shaved lips.

"Of course we did not tell them what we are doing but they don't care just that we want to fuck them whenever we can and we are so very uninhibited with them. In fact we pass on tips about what they like and experiment," as she spoke Linda was stroking her lips and pushing a finger in and out of her cunt. 

Candy stirred but did not say anything, she could understand exactly what this woman was saying to her and she also remembered the crushes over other girls she had at school. She had never done anything about it but she knew that sometimes she fantasised about touching a woman and being touched. As she watched Joan sucking greedily on Julia's breasts as was Sue, Candy felt her body growing extremely aroused. Looking towards Linda again she saw Martine slipping her swimsuit down her body exposing her magnificent breasts and leaning forward so that Linda could touch her swollen nipples. 

Linda reached out lazily and softly stroked the light brown skin that surrounded a nipple. Martine closed her eyes and slipped her hand down the thin cloth that covered her cunt and Candy saw the fingers exploring the mound and the lips being moved aside as she thrust a finger into the hot hole. There was a wet spot on the cloth that Candy knew was juice from her cunt.

"There were others who were with us in our club but they moved away, sometimes husbands moving jobs or other things, one separated but her marriage was so shaky," Linda continued as her fingers traced abstract patterns over the other woman's skin," We don't tell our menfolk since they wouldn't really understand and if they knew about it they would fuck it up and we really need our times together."

Her hands left the breasts and taking the sides of Martine's swimsuit at her hips Linda pulled them down exposing the finger that was vigorously pumping in and out of the juicy lips that formed the gateway to her cunt. Linda's hand reached forward and slipped her fingers between the long legs that were open in front of her. Candy felt so hot and flushed, she knew that she should be shocked and get out of this place but she felt an intense desire to be here, to enjoy what these woman would give her.

"Hmm, that feels so good. So you can join us, watch or leave if you want but I think you need us Candy," Linda said as she rose and pulled the woman towards her naked body. 

Candy resisted a little at first but then relaxed, she was surprised when Martine's hands started to massage her shoulders. Then Linda was drawing her t-shirt over her head so that only her tight bikini top was the only thing above her shorts. Martine's fumbled at the catch that held her top on and then there was a release of pressure as her top came free and was quickly drawn away from her freely exposed breasts. They seemed so white compared to the tanned ones that these women near her had. Linda's fingers began to trace sensual diagrams on her exposed flesh and drew a little milk from the lactating glands.

"I love the taste of mother's milk," Linda purred as she liked the drops from her fingers," Can we drink your milk Candy?"

"Uh-huh," Candy mumbled as she ached to have someone suck on her full breasts. She would have agreed to anything at this moment and having her breasts milked seemed to be perfect.

Martine's mouth pressed against hers and then she offered Candy her nipple. The woman's mouth opened automatically and the brown nipple slipped to her tongue, she used her tongue to caress and explore the hard nut of flesh in her mouth, she must have been doing well since Martine held her breast pressed to her mouth and she slipped her hands through her hair.

"That's good baby, oh yesss you are just hitting the spot. I am so wet, I want you to lick my cunt Candy," Martine moaned with the pleasure.

However Candy couldn't talk at the moment as Linda began sucking on her breasts. Linda had touched the blue veined flesh feeling the milk-heavy orbs before she had latched onto the coral nipple with her mouth. Sucking hard she had been rewarded when sweet liquor flooded into her mouth. Squeezing the base of the breasts as she sucked she felt the flesh deflate as stream after stream of mother's milk shot into her mouth. As it did she gulped it down greedily and sucked even harder wanting to drain the lovely receptacle of all its sweet milk.

Candy felt hands at her hips and raising them she felt her shorts and bikini bottoms being drawn down her long white legs exposing her fleeced cunt and the wet lips beneath it. She felt the soft flow of air over her cunt as her legs were opened by soft hands. 

As Linda sucked she had also opened Candy's legs and was stroking her inner thigh climbing up to the wet cunt that she knew would be ready for her. Then she touched the matted hair that covered Candy's swollen lips. Without letting Candy realise what was going to happen she slipped a finger into the hot hole feeling the velvet lips close about the thrusting member. She felt the woman begin to buck and the erect clit press hard into her palm.

Very quickly Linda slipped a second finger into Candy's hole and was pumping them in and out with speed. Oh what she wouldn't do for someone to be licking her cunt Linda thought and then if by magic she felt hands spread her ass cheeks and a tongue lick along her shaved cunt-lips. She did not want to turn to see who was sucking her lips since that would mean letting go of Candy's milky tit.

"That is so hot Sue," Martine murmured dreamily.

So it was Sue licking her cunt and she shuddered with a thrill of pleasure as she drove her tongue into Linda's cunt. Then it was on her clit lashing the hard nub of nerves until her whole body shuddered with the orgasm that shot through her body. Linda slowly released Candy's breast since there was no more milk to be sucked from that nipple, deflated it seems flat but before she could get to the next breast Martine was greedily drinking from the orb. 

Straightening her body Linda looked into Sue's lust laden eyes and she smiled lustily at the woman. Kneeling beside her Linda brushed the woman's brown nipples, they were so large for such small breasts and she kissed the athletic woman passionately before guiding Martine's swaying hips out of the way so that she and Sue could be between Candy's thighs.

Opening her legs so that they could fit both of the women between them Linda made out the swollen lips hidden beneath thick brown pubic hair that was thoroughly wet with her juice, at the top of the swollen lips they could see Candy's clit poking its head out of the hood that protected it when she was unaroused. Slowly they began to kiss the inside of her thighs and then moved slowly towards the dripping cunt and the sweet juice it was leaking. 
