 It was the end of the eighties and I was twenty, foot-loose, fancy free and on the pill. The music was loud, the DJ was great and the atmosphere was fantastic, but then that was always the scene at Pacha in Ibiza. There was plenty of booze, pills, joints, powders, underdressed girls and oversexed men. The ideal combination for a girls' night out on holiday! 

It was a typical club scene. Girls with their boobs out, topless guys and couples groping, kissing and openly fondling each other on the dance floor. Lots of visits out to the dark car park and trips to the bathrooms that were by now after three in the morning totally unisex or should that be multi or even bisex?

"Enjoying it?" the pretty Dutch girl shouted as she started dancing with me without asking.

"Great isn't it?"

"I'm Una. You look lovely," she said moving very close so that her boobs, which were clearly unfettered under the low cut, pink, glittery camisole top that barely covered them, almost touched mine.

I was wearing a silky, singlet, similar in style to those worn by athletes. It had wide arm holes so I also was flashing the titty flesh on my thirty-four D cups that were well fettered as they had to be.

Sliding her arm round me she whispered. "I just love your hair and your legs are to die for." 

At the time my naturally blonde hair was long, beneath my shoulders and fashionably straight

She was coming onto me. I was frightened. She looked to be in her late twenties and was very much a woman whilst I felt that I was still a girl.

"Thanks," I mumbled as she pulled me against her so that her smaller tits sank into mine. It felt good and that alarmed me.

"And this," she whispered putting her mouth to my ear, sliding her hand down and grabbing my bottom in the fashionably short, blue denim, micro skirt. "I haven't been able to tear my eyes away all night."

"Una, what are you doing?" I said sharply as we simulated dirty dancing almost on the spot.

"What does it feel as if I am doing?"

"I don't know," I rather inanely replied as she rubbed and squeezed my buttocks.

"If a guy did it," she shouted trying to outdo the music as she slid her hand up my skirt onto the bare flesh of my bum outside the thong. "You'd know what he wanted wouldn't you?"

I couldn't handle it; I didn't know what to do and I was scared. I had no experience of or really any interest in lesbian sex, so I managed to squirm away and join the group I was with on holiday.

*

"It looks lovely madam" the sales assistant in the boutique dress shop said looking me up and down. 

I was on a shopping trip in Hampstead in north London looking for an outfit for my friend from school's wedding. At the ripe old age of twenty five she had got pregnant and being Roman Catholic would not have an abortion.

"You don't think it's a little tight on me do you?"

"Er no not really" she replied standing behind me as we both looked into the full length mirror.

"Not round here?" I asked running my fingers across my boobs.

"Well yes it is, but then you are nicely shaped there aren't you and it shows them in their full err, um glory doesn't it?" she said placing her fingertips softly on the material covering the outsides of my breasts in the pale lemon, low cut, tightly fitted dress. 

I felt a surge of something and realised that it was arousal. I looked at her in the mirror. She was probably in her early forties. She was short and very slim, her figure was almost that of a young man or, boy even. She had an attractive, without being beautiful face, big eyes, thin lips and a rather prominent nose. Her hair was dark and short, again almost a masculine look.

She was standing behind me and I smiled at her in the mirror.

"Yes and they make buying dresses so difficult," I mumbled.

"Well we'll just have to try harder won't we? We can't have these not looking their best can we?" she said quietly as she placed her fingertips on the sides of my boobs

I gulped as she held my gaze her fingertips still resting on the sides of my boobs.

'Fuck she's coming onto me.' I panicked.

"I think I'll leave it" I hurriedly told her.

"What the dress?"

"Yes."

"We do have a couple of others similar to that, madam" she went on.

"Perhaps another time?"

I got out of there quickly and drove home. 'What the hell's happening to me?' I asked myself later that evening after I had been to the gym. I undressed dropped the singlet, lycra pedal pushers, thong and sports bra onto the floor. Naked I went to the bathroom and stared at myself in the mirror. I was horrendously frustrated. I needed sex, I wanted to be held and then fucked, but I had no one. No one that is than me. So, I held my breasts, I squeezed them and pinched my nipples. I fumbled between my legs gradually dropping to the tiled floor. It was cold to my naked bum and back, but that didn't stop me lying on it, raising my knees, opening my legs and plunging my fingers on both hands onto my clit and up my cunt. As I fucked myself, I was horrified to realise that in my mind it was the sales assistant who was holding me, kissing me, caressing me and yes, fucking me. 

*

I knew our marriage was in serious trouble. I had big doubts that we would survive as a couple unless something significant changed in our relationship. Just what that 'something' was I didn't know.

I was seriously contemplating an affair or trying to find a toy boy or fuckbuddy, but I knew that would be messy. I didn't want to have the guilt trips, make excuses and start telling the endless lies that affairs always necessitate. My thinking was that if my husband wouldn't or couldn't 'service' me then I would find another way and that might suffice thus, avoiding a break-up. Tortuous logic I know, but that is the type of thinking that extreme sexual frustration induces.

"Mmmmm yes she's lovely," I said to a friend who was talking about Nichole Kidman.

"I think she's gorgeous, I could so easily fuck her," Pauline who I had known for several years said casually. 

"What?" I said incredulously.

She smiled. "Only joking Jayne, after all I'm a happily married woman like you, aren't I?" She said standing up and looking at me over her shoulder as she went out to play a round of golf.

I had known Pauline since I had met my husband when I was in my late twenties and we became close friends. Our husbands played in the same football team and so the four of us became close and she and I took up golf at the same time.

It was at the end of a long day. We had played twenty-seven holes of golf, had dinner and prize giving and now twenty or so of us lady golfers were sitting around drinking. I had no reason to hurry home for as usual Adam was away. I was sitting on the outside terrace with Pauline who was smoking a cigarette. We were both slightly pissed.

"Did I shock you the other day Jayne?" 

"When?"

"About Nichole Kidman."

"Actually yes you did."

"Well couldn't you?"

"Couldn't I what?"

"Oh I don't know," Pauline replied shaking her head so that her long black hair shimmered in the moonlight as she took a large sip of her gin and tonic and lit another cigarette from the stub of the previous one.

"What do you mean?" I pushed now quite interested.

"You remember what I said don't you?"

"Of course."

"Well I didn't really mean just that."

"So what did you mean?"

"Look I don't want this to sound like a come one, but have you ever messed around with other women?"

"You mean sexually?"

"Yes."

"No I haven't."

"Never?" She asked tipping her head back and blowing smoke into the air as I sipped my white wine.

"Well a few have hit on me, but nothing more than that."

"Are you curious?"

"Well actually I am becoming so as I get older."

"Again don't this the wrong way, but you really should try it."

Smiling I said. "Is that an invitation?"

She looked at me her dark eyes sparkling and smiling replied. "I have a strict rule Jayne, never fuck my friends."

For the rest of the evening I couldn't get my mind off what Pauline had said. She had been so open and matter of fact about it. We had chatted a little more as she smoked her third Marlboro Light. I was interested but was loathe to show that too much so I didn't ask many questions, even though I wanted to. She told me that it had started a few years ago.

"The silly bugger," she laughed talking about her husband. "Persuaded me to try swinging."

"What wife swapping?"

"Yes but the husbands, I quickly found out often don't just swap their wife with another bloke, they swap their wife with other wives as well."

"What you went with the other bloke's wives?"

"Yes."

"With Ken there?"

"Yes and sometimes watching."

"Oh my god, wow, well," I verbally fumbled feeling embarrassed but also a little excited.

"And it was fantastic."

"I see.to be seeing bi or lesbian happenings all over the place, there were even lesbian kisses in two of the soaps I watch. I read about it, saw stuff on the net and had a female coach at the golf club, who was rumoured to be gay, try it on with me.

I didn't know then, but I was starting out on the journey to becoming a bisexual woman and that scared and excited me in about equal proportions.

*

I met Cathy at the gym. We went there at roughly the same time a few days each week. After a couple of weeks, we acknowledged each other with a nod and a smile, after another few weeks it was "hello," and after another week or so it was "how are you?" That was followed in the forthcoming weeks by longer chats as we worked the machines, chilled in the hot tubs and steam room, had a coffee or a juice after our work out, a meal after the gym and eventually a fuck at my house.

*

I'd been married for eighteen years and the big four O was behind me. Our only child, my daughter was away at university and my husband Adam travels an awful lot. He is away on average seven to ten days a month and I am very lonely indeed hence, continually I look for new hobbies and pastimes and ways of filling my empty days, and nights. I do some voluntary work and some part time editing for a publishing company owned by a quasi-friend of Adam's who spends most of the time I am in his office trying to get into my knickers. I play a lot of tennis and have recently started golf lessons, I am learning to play bridge and I go to the gym most days. Naturally I shop a lot, I read many books and write short stories. I have a wide circle of friends and, surprisingly an active social life. None of which, however, compensates for the loneliness.

I have had what I guess is a fairly typical sex life. I 'gave' my virginity away in nice circumstances to a guy I loved, for all of three weeks, just after my eighteenth birthday. I had three other flings before meeting Adam when I was in my early twenties. We married after a couple of years. I have had one affair that lasted for about six months, a few years ago and a couple of flings that lasted no time at all. I have never had a bisexual or lesbian moment in my life. Adam is rather prudish and has never tried to persuade me to deviate from a straightforward, very heterosexual sex life. Deviant sex for him is taking photos of me in my underwear!

Oddly maybe, as I have got older and spend more time by myself, I have felt more sexual. I think about it more. I use chat rooms and now and then I write some erotic stories for a site and I exchange emails with guys I meet on both sites. I have many sexual fantasies. My sex life with Adam is ok, no more than that and maybe less. He is always tired and either, seems to have just got home or, is just going away, it doesn't leave a lot of time for a strong sexual relationship, certainly not as it used to be. 

In the past few years I have found myself masturbating more frequently and at present I probably do that every other day with now and again a partner in a chat room

*

"Hi, I'm Jayne," I had said somewhere between the 'hello' and 'how are you' stages with Cathryn at the gym.

She smiled. "Hello, and I am Cathryn, Cathy for short."

"With a K?" I asked.

"No a C actually, like Cate Blanchett."

"She's lovely isn't she?"

"Mmmm absolutely gorgeous?" she said in a way that reminded of Pauline and Nichole Kidman.

She was quite a few years younger than me, probably early thirties, and maybe even late twenties. Attractive with shoulder-length hair that she seemed to change the colour of almost as frequently as she changed her panties, she was about five five and nicely slim. In her gym gear there was no unsightly lumps or bumps, her tummy was flat, her bum looked firm and nicely rounded but wobbled perfectly and she had pert, probably B cup, modest, but well-rounded boobs.

I haven't varied my hair colour very much over the years but just give my natural blondeness a little help now than. I wear it shoulder-length and slightly spiky. I am five feet seven and have a little excess around the hips and bum and the tum could do with a slight tuck, but it won't get it. My boobs are, according to some, my crowning glory for I have D+ cup breasts, which inevitably sag a little. Others say my long and I think shapely legs and a reasonable bum warrant that accolade although the latter seems in the wrong place to be called crowning! I am very short-sighted and as I cannot get on with contact lenses I wear glasses that, for some bizarre reason, several men over the years have told me are sexy!

Cathy and I got on well. She was easy to talk to, smiled and laughed and seemed to be interested in anything and everything. She was not in a relationship, but did mention boyfriends. She told me that she used to work in an office but had made a major career change a year or so ago and was now a primary school physical education teacher. When I had asked the reason for the change, laughing she had said that it gave her the time to visit the gym in the mid-afternoons as I did. I didn't enquire why that was. She went on to tell me that she earned a real pittance, so she had another job several evenings a week as a 'meeter and greeter' for a BMW car dealership. 

"I show people, mainly men who have more money than sense round the showroom and go with them on test drives of the top end cars."

"In the evenings?"

"Yes the dealer has found it to be effective as many well off guys can't get to the dealership during the day and in any case they like something more exclusive than sitting in the showroom with the hoi polloi."

It was pleasant having someone to chat to either, between exercises or, after we'd finished. It was also nice for me because it ate up time, something I had too much of, especially when Adam was abroad, although even when he was home he rarely got home before nine.

I suppose it all started when we were having a coffee in the café at the gym when Cathy said.

"You really do have an incredible figure Jayne."

Smiling and a little embarrassed I said. "Did you forget something Cathy?"

"What do you mean?" She asked looking puzzled.

"Well nowadays when anyone says that to me," I said, suddenly realising that mainly they were guys on the chat site to whom I had sent a photo, but I had to continue. "They generally add or infer for your age!"

Cathy laughed at that. She looked good when she smiled or laughed for unlike many people she seemed to smile with her entire face. "Not at all, many women half your age would love to have your body."

"Would they now?" I replied not realising at first the double entendre road we were going down.

"Of course they would love it."

"Well you have a great figure too Cathy," I tentatively replied.

"Do you think so?"

"Yes and I am sure many would love to have that too."

She raised her eyebrows. "Mmmm well you never know."

Nothing that overt or obvious, but probably a starting point.

Adam was away at the time and I was feeling particularly frustrated. I had some pasta, ciabatta bread, salad and a couple of glasses of red wine for dinner around eight. If anything that made me feel hornier. That was because, stupidly it was an Italian meal, and I so adore Italian men even though I have never had one. I slipped my white, gym tee shirt off and undid the clasp at the back of my black sports bra. I sat there nibbling on a few raspberries topless, it felt good. I often work naked or just in panties around the house. The black, yoga pants were very tight, everywhere. I touched myself and it felt as if my entire pubic area pulsated. I pushed on where I knew my clit was. It felt lovely rubbing my clit through the thin material, so I masturbated like that and made myself cum quite heavily in my gym clothes. They had to be washed in any case!

There was another incident the following week. We were again in the gym café.

"You don't seem to be your normal self today Jayne, is everything ok?"

"Yes everything's fine."

"Tell me to mind my own business" she said reaching across the table and placing her hand on the back of mine. "But are you sure, you look so sad?"

I told her that I'd an awful row with Adam about him spending so much time away from home. It had gone on and on and then he had got up earlier than me this morning and had left for a ten day trip to the west coast of America.

"Oh fuck, I hate men problems, but I do have a sure fire solution."

"What's that?" I asked.

"Come to the pub and get drunk."

I laughed. "Oh yeah, what pub is that?" I asked joking.

"The Finch at nine tonight."

"Really?"

"Yes absolutely, why not? I can't have my gym mate all upset can I?"

"I don't know."

"Well I do and be there," she said squeezing my hand, standing up, looking me in the eye, smiling and adding. "I consider it a date."

I wore blue denim jeans, and a white shirt with a dark blue, cashmere pashmina round my neck. I was wearing strappy mid-height, heeled sandals and my dark red painted toenails seemed like beacons as I looked down. I felt pretty good.

We didn't get drunk and in fact only had a couple of drinks each, which unusually for me were beers from the bottle. Sitting quite close in the fairly crowded pub tipping the bottle back with her lips wrapped round the top took on a rather phallic appearance and my often-mid-evening horniness started to build up.

"You seem better already," Cathy said as I walked into the pub. She got up from the bar stool and gave me a peck on the cheek, her hand slipping between my arm and body grazing the side of my boob.

"Yes I am," I smiled. "Those moods about my husband pass quickly."

She was also wearing jeans and as we sat on the high stools our knees would touch now and then. Nothing that obvious, nothing that suggestive, just accidental brushing of our knees.

We talked easily, and she told me that she was quite worried about the thought of getting married.

"Why anything planned?" 

"Well Tom keeps asking."

"And what do you say?"

"I fob him off as I am not I can hack it."

"Why, don't you love him?"

"I suppose I do, but I mean forsaking all others?" she laughed.

"Yes it is a pretty tall order these days."

Laughing she said. "Tall? It's fucking gargantuan."

I gave her a lift home. It was just a little way out of my way. She house-shared a pretty Victorian cottage with two others, a girl and a man. They were buying the cottage between them, which seemed to be a pretty good idea, but of course could cause problems if any of them wanted to pull out.

"Like to come in for coffee or, something?" She asked, her eyes glinting.

I did. It was very clean, almost pristine inside. She introduced me to Gordon.

"He's the housekeeper," she explained adding as they both smiled. "And not the only gay in the village," playing on a term from a popular TV show

"No there's quite a community isn't there love," he said rather strongly. They bandied that about a bit quite losing me.
