 "Wow what a house," Cathy said as we pulled into the drive to the five-bedroom house set in an acre of landscaped gardens. 

I don't really know why I invited her. The feelings she had been giving me lately certainly meant that I was tempting fate, but I asked her to dinner on an impulse. As usual Adam was away so we would be alone.

"It's too big really," I said as I grilled the lamb cutlets.

"Why?"

"Well we don't need all the bedrooms and keeping it up to the mark is a pain."

"You must have help."

"Yes two cleaners and a three day a week gardener, costs a bloody fortune."

When I had asked her to dinner, Cathy said that she was working, but would come straight from the car dealers. Although she had told me that I was still surprised when I opened the door and saw she was wearing the same power suit and blouse as she had at the gym a few days ago; she looked fantastic and made me feel underdressed in my short sleeved, yellow scooped front tee shirt type top and denim skirt. As I still had the remnants of a tan from a week at our house in Florida, I hadn't bothered with tights, although the recent chilly October evenings would put an end to that very soon. The skirt was probably shorter than an early forties woman should wear and my daughter always looked disapprovingly at me when I wore anything with the hem above the knees; I shuddered at what she would think of this hem for it was a good six inches above them. It made me feel good almost empowered to wear it, but I would not go out in such a short skirt. I knew also that the top was a little tight and a little low for it was moulded to my boobs and I did show a lot of cleavage. In retrospect I have often wondered whether there was some sub conscious reason for me, innocently I swear, dressing rather sexily.

As we ate dinner, I told her how I got fed up with Adam's travelling and how I worked hard finding things to do to overcome the loneliness.

"What like the gym?" she asked sitting up straight and removing her jacket the thin cotton of her blouse stretching across her full shapely as she did. The fact that my eyes were drawn to them and that I felt a surge of arousal surprised me and made me feel guilty.

"Are you unhappy Jayne?" she asked taking a sip of wine, putting her glass down, sliding her hand across the table and resting her fingertips on the back of my hand just as she had at the Italian restaurant a few weeks ago.

"I'm not really sure Cathy, perhaps lonely more than unhappy. I just don't seem able anymore to see where my life is going"

"I know what you mean I feel exactly the same sometimes," she said moving her fingertips on the back of my hand. 

"But you have so much going for you, you're young and gorgeous, have got two nice jobs and a lovely little house."

"I only own a third of it remember," she laughed. 

"And you might move to France or get married, or both it all sounds good to me," I smiled back at here

"Yeah right, tell me about it," Cathy said rather gloomily. "It's all a bit fucked up at the moment really Jayne."

"What is?"

"Well I haven't got anyone who I want to marry asking me to marry them and France seems to be going tits up."

I topped up our wine glasses. We had just started the second bottle.

"Let's take our wine over to the sofa," I said indicating a settee on the other side of the room.

Half way across the room there were two steps down which led to a sitting area that looked out onto the grounds as Adam called them, although garden was more my description and the fish pond, both of which were lit up with numerous spotlights. It was a beautiful view and I just loved sitting on the deep cushions of the incredibly comfortable sofa looking out at it. In front of the sofa there was a long, glass topped coffee table that was useful not just to put glasses on but also your feet which I did most evenings. As I followed Cathy across the room, down the steps it suddenly struck me that the last time I had sat on it, I had masturbated imagining her hand on my breasts. As she sat down and the tight, pinstripe skirt reared up her nylon covered legs, a little shiver ran through me.

"You sit here often?" she asked.

"Yes most nights when Adam's away. I read, listen to music and sometimes drink too much."

"Sounds divine," she said as we both took sips of wine from the large glasses.

We had turned so we were half looking at each other. I saw that the crisp, white blouse was very tight around her boobs and across her back, it gaped a little at each buttonhole and her thin bra strap was clearly visible through the semi see through material at the back. She looked great and I felt slightly tipsy. 

As we had turned, so we had bent our legs at the knees and these were almost touching. Her tight skirt had ridden up even further and she was now showing her stocking tops. She saw me looking and smiled.

"Well I have been to work haven't I Jayne?"

"What do you mean?" I asked innocently.

"Well I told you before;"

"What?"

"The stocking top flash. Probably sells more cars than hard selling," she said throwing her head back and laughing. As she did that her skirt slid up even further and now I could see the patch of skin above the lacy tops and her knickers. She seemed oblivious to it.

"Really?"

"No not really but then every little helps doesn't it?"

"What with selling?"

Cathy rested her right elbow on the back of the sofa and used that to support her head. As she was slightly behind me, I had to turn even more to look at her and as I did my silly little skirt slid up my bare legs and I too would have shown my stocking tops were I wearing any. Our eyes met, she raised her eyebrows, we smiled and she said.

"With everything really love."

"Yes I suppose so."

"Like a little bit for your loneliness maybe you coming to the gym and that helps doesn't it?"

"Yes."

"And err, um..." she went on pausing before adding. "Meeting me is another little bit, yes?"

"Yes it is Cathy," I said not at all sure where this line of conversation was going.

"And us, Jayne does that help?"

"Us, how do you mean. Help what?" I asked now wondering if she was coming onto me.

"You and me of course. Does our friendship help you?" she said leaning forward slightly.

"Yes Cathy I value our friendship."

"Good so do I. I love being with you M."

I was now so confused, yet also excited and interested as to where this was going. But I didn't know where it was going or where I wanted it to go so I picked the wine up and filled our glasses.

"I'll get some more," I said holding the empty bottle out towards her as I went to stand up. As I did, she he grabbed my wrist.

"And I want to be with you more Jayne and see more of you."

"Really Cathy?" I mumbled feeling as though she was casting a spell on me.

"Yes really," she said leaning forward, placing one knee on the sofa and sliding her arm round my waist.

Our bodies were almost touching, our faces were so close and I could see the tiny blobs of mascara on her eyelids and the blonde hairs on her face. I could smell her perfume, feel the heat from her body and see down the front of her gaping blouse. I didn't dare move. She ran her hand up and down my back. I was shaking with I am not quite sure what as her fingers rubbed my bra strap

"Ok Jayne?"

"Yes Cathy," I gulped.

"You sure?" She said softly as her hand moved towards mine.

I looked up and replied quietly.

"Yes."

Her fingers found a strand of my hair that had fallen over my forehead and she slid it back into place almost caressing the locks as she did. It was very erotic.

"I mean Jayne, are you really sure?"

I wasn't quite sure what she meant. Whether she was referring to our earlier conversation about being lonely or to her fondling my hair. I felt nervous. Half of me was thinking that she was making a pass, the other half thought I was being silly and mistaking pure friendliness for something more. The surprising thing to me was that part of me, probably quite a large part too, wanted it to be a pass. 

Her fingers went deeper into my hair, she ran long strands through them, slowly and deliberately.

"This ok?" she said sounding rather breathless and a little husky.

I couldn't look at her now, I couldn't hold her gaze. I had my eyes cast down; I certainly couldn't speak. I had never felt anything like the sexual tension and the sheer nervousness I was experiencing. And that was suddenly heightened when I saw just how far her skirt had now ridden up her legs. There was absolutely no doubt that again she was wearing holdup stockings.

"Wine often makes me feel very err, mellow," she said softly her hand now touching the crown of my head her fingers softly rubbing it in little circles; it was clearly a caress, maybe a signal of something I thought, but what, I wondered? Surely it was a pass, surely this wasn't her just being friendly, surely this was a lesbian or at least bisexual advance?

"Mellow?"

"Yes Jayne mellow. You know what I mean don't you?"

"No, yes, I don't know, I'm not sure."

"Look at me?"

My heart pounding so loud I was sure she would hear it, I raised my eyes and turned my face towards her. She smiled and in her eyes I saw the look I had seen in many men's eyes over the years. She wanted me; I knew it; it now seemed so obvious. All the previous events and experiences now had a meaning, and everything fell into place.

"You must know Jayne."

"What?" I croaked as I saw her face moving towards mine.

"That I feel more than just friendship."

"Oh," I whimpered rather pathetically.

"You do understand don't you?" she whispered her face now just inches from mine; I still looked down.

"I don't know Cathy."

I felt rather than saw her moving closer. She took hold of my chin, I did nothing. She brushed my hair away from my face. She slid her lips across my cheek. It made me jump, but it felt so nice. Pulling on my chin she turned my face towards her, I didn't react, but I kept looking down and not at her.

"Jayne, I think you do know," she whispered as I felt her stocking covered knee press firmly against the bare skin of my leg a few inches above my knee. "Look at me Jayne."

Somewhat reluctantly as I knew it would weaken my resistance I looked up, our eyes met, she moved her face closer and then she kissed me. It was not a full mouth to mouth kiss, but one where both of her lips kissed and gently sucked my lower lip. I didn't respond, but then I didn't pull away. 

"Is this ok?" she asked. I couldn't muster any words, but I nodded and she kissed me again. Once more it wasn't a full-on kiss, more a lip caress than anything, but it felt lovely. I was shaking with nervousness. "You have guessed haven't you Jayne?"

"Guessed what?" I croaked.

"About me, about us?"

I didn't know what to say, what stance or direction to take? I felt lightheaded, it was as if my mind had left my body and I had a ringing, no more a rushing sound in my ears. But then my mind exploded with emotions as I heard some of, if not the most erotic words I had ever heard.

"Have you ever been kissed by a woman before Jayne."

A little moan slid past my lips, a little groan and a sigh, more a whimper escaped as I felt the pressure on the back of my head pulling it towards her. I looked up and opened my eyes just in time to see her lovely lips opening and once more seeking mine. Just before they found them I mewed. 

"No I haven't."

This time it was a full-on kiss. This time it was an open mouthed, lip squirming kiss. This time it was a tongue plunging kiss. And this time it was a kiss to which I found both my mind and body responding. It wasn't, though a particularly long kiss, but it was a sweet, passionate and interesting one.

Her lips and mouth were softer than what I was used to, everything was smoother and her perfume wafted over me. There was none of the harsh bristles of a man and she seemed instinctively to know exactly how I wanted to be kissed. First, enquiring and passionate then soft, gentle and loving and then alternating between both.

She broke the kiss but left her right hand on the back of my head in my hair and kept her face very close to mine. I looked down again avoiding contact with her eyes, for I was finding the whole situation very difficult to cope with. I was embarrassed, but excited, confused yet intrigued and interested, but concerned. My heart was pounding and my pulses were racing. I was panting slightly and my body felt like jelly. I kept telling myself this couldn't be happening to me, but the pressure of her hand on the back of my head told me that indeed it was. 

To make everything worse, or was it better, when she had wiggled her way across the sofa, so her skirt had ridden even further up her legs. Now, the hem of the skirt was on her stocking tops, I could see the pale flesh above them and her black panties. 

"Never, not even once Jayne?"

"No Cathy, well not like that?" I said as she ran the back of the fingernails on her other hand across my cheek and lips to my chin.

"Like what?" She asked softly as she smiled and her eyes glinted at me.

"You know," I whispered as I kept my eyes averted from hers.

She ran her fingertips onto my neck and down to where my neck joins my shoulders.

"Yes Jayne, but I want you to tell me, I want to hear it from you," she went on softly stroking along the underside of my collar bone. It felt so sensual, so intimate and so, well, just right.

"What?" I groaned as I felt my body responding to her touch that was now moving down the bare skin of the top of my chest.

"What type of kiss Jayne? What type of kiss was it for you?"

"Oh Cathy you know."

"Yes but tell me Jayne. Tell me what it was?" she asked as her fingers reached the neckline of my top and held the edge of the material.

"Oh Cathy it was, oh you know, sexy."

"Oh Jayne yes, yes it was," she whispered her mouth going very near to my ear as her fingertips slid a few millimetres inside the neckline of my yellow top. "And were you comfortable with that?"

I hesitated as I took in the feeling of her fingertips slightly inside my top on my bare skin just where my breast flares out from my chest.

I looked at her. Her eyes were full of tenderness and concern. She looked so pretty. Hardly audibly I whispered. "Yes Cathy."

As I said that, so her hand slid further down the outside of my top and she brushed her fingertips across my right breast. It was as if she gave an electric shock.

"And this?" She asked her lips and tongue finding my ear as her fingers continued to slide softly over my boobs.

"Oh Cathy," I groaned loving the sensations but fearing that they were so wrong as her lips again found mine. 

This time the kiss was blatantly sexual, it was full of meaning and suggestiveness. She used her tongue like a cock and my mouth like a cunt. She was fucking my mouth with her tongue as, at the same time, her hand cupped my left breast and squeezed it with exactly the amount of pressure it wanted. It felt wonderful and unconsciously, I swear, I pushed my boob against her hand.

The kiss went on for what seemed an age and the longer it went on the better it became. Not only that, but also the more it continued the more I began to relax and before I was fully aware of it I had put my arms round her neck and I was kissing her back, just as I did with Adam.

"Jayne I have wanted to do this for so long," Cathy whispered as she parted our mouths and we looked into each other's eyes her hand still cupping my breast.

"Have you Cathy," I replied rather inanely, not really having any idea how to reply.

She kissed me again and once more I felt her fingertips back on where my breast swells out from my chest. This time, though, they didn't stay there but slowly edged downwards inside my thin top to the edge of my bra and then slightly inside that so her fingertips could only have been a tiny distance from my nipple. 

Was this going too far I wondered? Not necessarily too far physically, but emotionally. Was it too much too soon? Had she taken me from an innocent wondering whether I was reading the signs correctly to her co-respondent in lesbian love too quickly? Was she pushing my boundaries too far and was she stretching my sexuality flexibility to breaking point? I didn't know, but I was close to stopping her, pushing her off and slinking back into my comfortable world of heterosexuality. 

Close, but not quite there. I was mulling on that when I felt her hand slip right inside my bra and cup my bare breasts. I was still mulling when she pinched my nipple between her finger and thumb and there was still a degree of mull when I felt her pull my top down so that she bared my breast.

The mulling stopped though when, with a low noise, almost like that made by a cat when very content she said in a quiet whisper. "Oh God Jayne they are beautiful, your breasts are magnificent." 

Without any further ado her lips went around my nipple and she sucked it like a baby on a teat.

I cried out, I arched my back and my hands held her head pulling her mouth more firmly to me. The pleasure was immense and put an end to my mulling. In retrospect it was that moment that instance when she first sucked my nipple that ended my bi curiosity and addiction to being straight.

"Jayne can we go somewhere?" She asked.

I had no idea what she meant. "Why?"

"I feel on show surrounded by all this glass."

"It's totally secluded, no one can see. What's the problem?"

"I want to make love to you Jayne, I want to have complete and utter sex with you, I want to take you to bed. And I can't do it with all this fucking glass round me, I feel as if I'm in a fishbowl."

Although she made me smile as her fairly frequent swearing did, her words crashed over me like a waterfall. They were so erotic, so wanton, so appropriate and so exactly what I needed to hear, I think. But I was reticent. The enormity of what Cathy was suggesting felt overwhelming and once more I went into a state of total conflict. I was afraid, afraid of the unknown, of going past a vague point I thought of as my sexual boundary and afraid of the potential consequences of doing that. Yet I was incredibly aroused and amazingly excited. Cathy had made me feel things I'd never experienced before. I liked being with her. She was so gentle and caring, considerate and kind, yet very knowing, sexually wise and very, very seductive. I wanted to please her. My body wanted to do as she asked, but my mind was urging caution. My inner self was saying yes, my alter ego, no.

"Well Jayne?" She asked sitting up straight her blouse stretching across her breasts and gaping at each buttonhole showing sights of her bra and boobs.

"I don't know Cathy, I just don't know."

We stood up and she kissed me, well more licked my lips again; it was so different and it was gorgeous. 

"I think you do know Jayne; I think you know very well, don't you?" She asked holding my face with both hands and looking deep into my eyes.

She kissed me again. No she didn't kiss me, this time we kissed. And this was again something so different and so wonderful. To be in her arms, to have her in my arms, to have my breasts against her, to have her breasts against me, to feel my tummy against her body, to feel her stomach against mine, to have our legs pressed together were all incredible. Her hands were in my hair, up and down my back and on my bum squeezing it; I held mine still on her back, for some reason right on her bra strap.

As she broke the kiss she repeated. "You do know don't you Jayne."

"Yes Cathy, yes I do," I said in hardly a whisper. "Come on," I said sliding my boob back into my bra and pulling my top up.

I took her to a spare room. I thought it wiser, more considerate than using the marital bed. We stood by the bed. 
