 Hannah looked at her clock as everything came into focus. It was 7:23am, almost time for school. She rolled over and closed her eyes again. Even though it was the first day of school, she was very tired and out of it. Hannah began to dream about the horrors of last year's school year. She didn't like the kids very much, they were assholes and they were too fucked up on drugs to even think Hannah had feelings. Hannah had just turned eighteen years old in the summer time, this was her last year of high school. She flipped over the covers and slowly climbed out of her bed.

Hannah was only wearing her panties and her bra but didn't care about covering up because her older brother and parents were already at work. She went to the fridge and poured herself a glass of orange juice. Next she made an omelette on the stove and made two pieces of toast. Hannah enjoyed her food and cleaned up before she headed to the washroom. She walked in and looked in the mirror. She looked into her own sharp green eyes and ran her hand through her black hair. Hannah had a habit of looking in the mirror and putting herself down. She slipped out of her clothes and ran hot bath water. As the water finished running, she let herself slide in. She washed her hair and lightly scrubbed her body.

As her hands eventually descended on her crotch she started scrubbing it very hard. Hannah was rubbing her vagina with a cloth. Hannah smiled as pleasure pulsed through her small body. She masturbated very slowly to build up her extreme lust for an orgasm. After about five minutes, she lost it and savagely rubbed herself and ended up with a violent orgasm. She let out a quiet scream and panted. Hannah smiled with a relief and drained the tub. Hannah masturbated two to three times a day and she loved doing it in the bathtub the most.

She dried herself off, picked up her underwear, and walked into her room. She put on a black bra and a pair of black panties. Next she put on a band-labeled tank top and slipped on a pair of jeans. She gathered her school supplies and sat on the couch in the living room. It was a warm day outside and Hannah couldn't wait to be out there. She wondered what kind of people she would meet. Hannah never had a boyfriend before, she always wanted one but no one was really interested in her for her personality, just her body.

The time finally came as Hannah left to take the bus to school. She sat on a side seat and gazed out of the window in front of her. When she got to school, she went to her classroom and sat in the back left corner. This was her Science class. She was watching all the people coming into the room and there was really no one that sparked her interest. She then put her head into her arms on the desk and heard someone sit right next to her. She looked up and found a girl with dark brown hair and brown eyes. 

"Hi, my names Kayla." The girl said.

"Oh, my name's Hannah." Hannah said back.

"God I wish school didn't start today, I didn't do anything over the summer." Kayla said.

"I could say the same..." Hannah said with a soft tone.

The bell rang and everyone stood for the national anthem. The teacher gave out the outlines for the course. There were five units in the course and Hannah knew it was going to be an extremely boring class. The teacher then was handing out the locks for the lockers.

"Will you be my partner, Hannah?" Kayla asked.

Hannah nodded and smiled. Before Hannah knew it, she was scribbling words all over her paper and being bored. Learning about physics really wasn't her thing but she got used to it and did well in that unit. As the weeks went by, Hannah got to know Kayla a lot better. She was nineteen years old, she's from Europe, and she's into metal music like Hannah. Classes were dragging and dragging for Hannah but talking to Kayla was the favourite part of her day.

About a month into school, things started to get a little bit better. Hannah made about four friends and they were all very nice to her but they weren't anything like Kayla. Kayla was unique, smart, and everything Hannah could want. She fantasized about Kayla every night and thought about her all the time. The thought of Kayla licking her nipples made her extremely wet and hard.

One day in class, Kayle dropped her pen and bent over to pick it up. At that exact moment, Hannah glimpsed down Kayla's tank top and seen her very cute breasts and hard nipples inside of her bra. Hannah burst into excitement.

"Damn pen...piece of shit always flies around for some reason." Kayla said after letting out a little laugh.

"I...always chew on my pens...all my pens are chewed up already." Hannah said while blushing and smiling.

"Hey, Hannah? Would you like to go to a movie with me tonight?"

"Sure! I would love to!"

"Okay, well, we'll take the bus after school okay? We'll go see an action movie or something, let's look when we get there. You have everything you need, right?"

"I sure do, Kayla, I can't wait!" Hannah gave Kayla a charming smile.

The bell rang as Hannah and Kayla walked to the bus stop. There were a lot of kids, it was Friday night and a lot of them like to go to the movies or go to the mall next to the movie theatre. Hannah walked a little bit slower than Kayla to chat with her cousin, Anni. Hannah looked down at Kayla's bum and wondered would it would look like without jeans and panties on. Anni walked away to her own bus stop and Hannah kept her same pace and eyed Kayla's bum and legs.

"Why aren't you walking as fast, sweetie?" Kayla asked while smiling.

"Oh! Uh...I just zoned out for a second." Hannah said while laughing in between.

They both got on the bus and shared a seat. Hannah studied the features on Kayla's face and fell in love with them. Her eyes, her skin, her lips, everything. Hannah had left her bag in the locker so she couldn't put down her hand to touch her vagina.

"So what movie do you want to go see?" Kayla asked.

"Umm...whichever one you want, you're pick!" Hannah smiled.

"How about 'Eagle Eye'? I heard that one was pretty good and it's really not going to be that packed because it's been out for over a week already."

"Sounds good, Kayla."

Kayla was on the end seat and she was looking out of the window.

"Hannah, do you want to go get something to eat first?"

"Okay, where do you want to go?" Hannah asked.

"No no, sweetie, you pick, I picked the movie."

"Umm...how about that bakery in the food court at the mall?"

"Oh! I love that place! They have so many good things there! Haha I love you! Good choice!" Kayla said with a really upbeat voice.

The bus stopped at the mall. As Kayla got up off of the seat, Hannah got a glimpse of her bum as the jeans formed around it. Kayla waited for Hannah to get up. Hannah slipped out of her sandal as she was getting up so she bent over to get it. Hannah did this on purpose so Kayla could look down her tank top.

"Oops! Doesn't stay on my foot all the time!" Hannah said cheerfully.

"It happens to me all the time, don't worry." Kayla replied laughing.

They walked through the mall together and ate at the bakery restaurant. Hannah had got two slices of pepperoni and cheese pizza along with a Gingerale and a chocolate cookie. Kayla had got the same except she got a Cola. Hannah ate slowly, she was excited of the way Kayla was eating her food. Hannah even noticed herself looking down at Kayla's chest. Hannah hoped that she would bend over later on so that she could satisfy her fantasies.

The thing was though, Hannah wasn't a lesbian, nor was she bisexual. She feared of having these feelings for one of her best friends because she's never had a sexual attraction to a female before. Another thing that hurt Hannah was the she didn't know if Kayla was a lesbian or even if she was interested in her. Hannah was starting to get a little down because she was desperate for Kayla.

The two girls walked to the movie theatre and paid for their tickets, popcorn, and drinks. They sat in the very middle, nibbling on their popcorn and sipping on their drinks. After they finished their small snakc, Hannah then put her arm around Kayla. Her arm was on Kayla's bare back and bare shoulder. Hannah shot into excitement and into wild thoughts but then came to her senses that she was in public and that Kayla might not like this. Kayla put her arm around Hannah and rubbed her arm softly. Next she put her head down onto Hannah's shoulder. Hannah didn't show any resistance. The movie started Kayla snuggled closer to Hannah.

Hannah felt very safe and happy as wild thoughts flew around in her head. Hannah decided to take it a step further. She started to rub Kayla's bare shoulder and eventually moved her hand down to her forearm. Next, Hannah tilted her head and kissed the top of Kayla's head. Again, Kayla showed no resistance and put her hand on Hannah's hand. Kayla then looked up at Hannah very slowly. Hannah then thought she shouldn't have kissed her but Hannah's wild thoughts took over. Hannah put her lips on Kayla's and gave a very small but firm kiss. For the first time, Hannah's lips had touched someone else's that wasn't in her family. Kayla looked in Hannah's eyes and gave her a gentle smile. Hannah had the biggest relief she's ever felt in her life. She smiled to and gently caressed Kayla's head.

The two girls sat there through the whole movie in each other's arms. When the movie ended, Kayla slowly inched over to her seat. Hannah sat there, she was very sleepy. Kayla was very sleepy as well.

"I liked that movie, did you?" Kayla asked.

"I sure did! Would you like to get some ice cream with me?" Hannah responded.

"Okay!" Kayla said as she shot a smile to Hannah.

They both walked out of the movie theatre and then stopped at a Dairy Queen a few blocks away. Hannah looked at Kayla's body. Her bum looked very tight in the jeans she was wearing and that made Hannah go nuts. Hannah then looked at Kayla's feet withing her sandals. That made her very excited but she didn't know why. They walked into the restaurant and both got their ice creams. Hannah and Kayla both got a chocolate dipped cone. As they sat down, Hannah was really turned on from the sight of Kayla licking her ice cream. Hannah licked her ice cream deeply and kissed it. After a short while, the two girls finished off their ice cream.

"Hannah, may I talk to you, sweetie?" Kayla asked in a very soft tone.

"Of course you can." Hannah smiled.

"Back in the theatre...when you kissed me on the lips, I don't know how to explain it..."

"Awww, I'm sorry, Kayla..." Hannah said in a depressing tone.

"No, no! I really liked it but the thing is that...I'm a lesbian and no one has really cared for me for who I really am. I'm always teased about it and my parents really hate the fact that I am one, I can't stand it, I'm a complete wreck! No one has ever liked me, ever!" Kayla said sadly as her eyes filled with tears. 

Kayla put her head down on the table and began to sob quietly. Hannah got up and sat right next to her. Hannah put her arm around Kayla's bare back and kissed her on the shoulder gently.

"Kayla...I care about who you really are. Kayla...ever since the first day I met you, there's always been something I really liked about you. You're scent, your smile, your eyes, your hair, your personality, everything. I can't tell you how much I've been thinking about you, you mean the world to me, sweetie and I love you with all my heart."

Kayla stopped sobbing and looked directly into Hannah's eyes. Hannah then closed her eyes and gave Kayla a very tight kiss. As Hannah began to back away from the kiss, Kayla moved forward and pecked her lips rapidly with all of her will. Hannah then pulled Kayla's head closer to hers and her lips were touched from what felt like very soft wet skin (Kayla's lips). Hannah did not open her eyes but knew Kayla was right there with her mouth on hers. Hannah then slowly moved her tongue out into Kayla's mouth. Kayla let out a very soft moan and pushed her tongue gently into Hannah's mouth. Hannah moved her tongue around Kayla's mouth very slowly as Kayla did the same to hers. Hannah still kept her pressure of her tender kissing on Kayla's lips.

"Ewww, mom! Look! They're kissing!" a voice said.

Hannah pulled herself away from Kayla and then heard another voice speak.

"Please! For the love of God that is fucking gross! Go do that somewhere else!"

Kayla opened her eyes and started blushing like crazy. Hannah got up and walked over to the table the voices came from. It was a table near the door. There was a fifteen year old girl there with her mother. 

"I'm sorry, my best friend is just really, really down and upset, I was trying to cheer her up." Hannah said with an angry tone.

Kayla then got up to follow Hannah out of the building. Kayla wiped the tears from her eyes and let out a couple more sobs as she passed the mother and daughter. Hannah and Kayla then both walked to the bus stop and sat on the bench. Hannah rubbed her hand against Kayla's cheek and wiped her tears away very gently. Kayla had her eyes closed for a few moments. Hannah then moved closer to her and very softly, she kissed her wet eyes.

"Everything will be okay, Kayla, don't worry, I'll love you forever and ever, sweetie."

Kayla opened her eyes and gave Hannah a really nice hug.

"Thank you for caring, Hannah, I love you!"

"Hey, Kayla, would you like to come over to my house for a while? It's not that late." Hannah asked.

"I sure would, Hannah!" Kayla said happily.

As Hannah and Kayla sat on the bench together, the mother and daughter from the restaurant walked over to them.

"Listen, my daughter and I are very sorry, I guess that we misunderstood the meaning behind it. Have a good night, ladies."

The two girls thought that was nice of them to apologize. Next Kayla and Hannah took the bus home. Hannah had her arm around Kayla for the entire time as they shared a seat near the front of the bus. Whenever Hannah could, she would look down Kayla's top and look at her cute breasts that spaced out her tank top. Kayla held Hannah's hand as well for the entire bus ride. At their stop, they both walked to Hannah's house.

"Wow, look at the sun setting, Hannah!" Kayla exclaimed.

"Yes, it is pretty, here come with me." Hannah answered.

"This is my mum and dad." Hannah said as she showed them Kayla.

"Nice to meet you, Kayla." Hannah's dad said with a smile.

"Wow, it's nice to finally meet you Kayla! I've heard many great things about you, hope you two have fun! You're father and I are going out for the night, Hannah."

"Okay, mum, bye!"

Kayla smiled as she was introduced to Hannah's parents. Hannah walked into her back yard and sat next to the trunk of the biggest tree that was facing towards the back fence so nobody could see. She sat down with her back against the tree. Kayla sat right next to her and put her arm around Hannah. Hannah kissed her on the lips very tenderly. Kayla let out a little moan.

"Kayla, come sit on top of me."

Kayla climbed on top of Hannah. Hannah's thighs arched Kayla's bum as they sat together.

"Can I make out with you, Kayla?"

"Do you have to ask?" Kayla laughed.

Hannah put her lips on Kayla's and sucked on them very softly. Kayla wanted to go nuts on Hannah's mouth but decided to play it passionately like she was. Kayla inched her tongue into Hannah's mouth and started kissing her lips faster and faster. Hannah then slid her tongue into Kayla's mouth very smoothly and loved the soft, wet touch of Kayla's tongue and lips against hers. Hannah let out a moan of relief as she put her hands up the back of Kayla's tank top. Kayla kissed even faster as she felt Hannah's warm hands touch her bare back. Next, Hannah pulled Kayla's tank top and bra of to the sides of her arms. Hannah then backed out of Kayla's mouth and then started licking her neck very fast. Kayla loved the feeling as this put her sexual lust to the maximum.

Kayla pulled Hannah's tank top and bra off to the sides just as she did for her. Except, this time, Kayla pulled the tank top down even further, exposing Hannah's breasts. Kayla couldn't see Hannah's breasts but then she felt her clothes slide a bit lower. Next, Kayla and Hannah felt the warm touch of their breasts rubbing up against each other.

Hannah started to lick Kayla's bare breasts. Kayla was moaning very, very softly as she slowly grinded her chest against Hannah's face. The feeling hit Kayla next, her hard nipples were being sucked on and touched. Kayla moaned and pulled Hannah's head towards her chest as close as she could. Hannah sucked and licked Kayla's breasts. Kayla loved the feeling of a wet, warm tongue soothing her. Hannah started rubbing Kayla's crotch very fast. Hannah thought that Kayla started to cry so Hannah stopped right away and pulled Kayla off of her.

"What's wrong, Hannah?"

"Are you okay? It sounded like you were crying."

"Oh god no, I always do that when I'm feeling loads of pleasure and I was barely doing it."

"Oh...Sorry then..." Hannah said.

"Haha! Don't worry, Hannah, but what if someone comes out here and catches us?"

"Ummm...I really have no clue, do you want to do it on my bed?" Hannah asked in a pleading voice.

"Is anyone home?"

"No, my brother left before my parents so we'll have at least 6 hours of free time."

"I'll just phone my mother and tell her I'm sleeping over tonight, just so she knows."

Kayla smiled and tenderly kissed Hannah on the lips. Hannah blushed and got up. Kayla got up as well as Hannah led her through the side door to her house. Hannah walked straight to her room and told Kayla to make her phone call and wait outside of the door. Hannah pulled off all her clothes and climbed under the covers of her bed.

"Hey, Kayla? Can you do me a favour, sweetheart?"

"Anything, Hannah."

"Can you take off every little bit of clothing and climb under the covers with me? Oh and lock the door please."

Hannah rolled over to face the wall which was away from the door. She heard the door shut and lock and then felt the pressure of Kayla getting under the covers. Next, Hannah was hit with the warm heat waves of Kayla's breath. Hannah rolled over very slowly. Her naked body against the cold sheets made her even more wanting for Kayla's warmth and love. Hannah looked deep into Kayla's eyes and pressed her lips against hers. Kayla then wrapped her arms around Hannah. Kayla pecked at her as she put Hannah's thigh between her legs. Hannah then started to peck at Kayla as she did the same with her arms. She looked at it like a game, who can lay down more pecks than the other wins.

"Oh...you're a bit wet down there aren't you, Kayla?" Hannah said as she smiled.

"Oh my goodness, this is so nice and warm, you're body is so warm, Hannah. Wow." Kayla said as her face blushed red.

Hannah smiled again and kissed her very slowly. Kayla moved her tongue into Hannahs mouth once again and put her hands closer to her bum. Hannah didn't resist anything Kayla had to do, she just went along with it and enjoyed it very much. Kayla continued to kiss as she put her two hands on Hannah's bum. She gripped it and ran her fingers around the legs. Next, she teased Hannah's bum hole by touching it very gently and then pulling it away. Hannah giggled as Kayla did that. Hannah put her arm between Kayla and herself and then started rubbing right above Kayla's vagina. Kayla started to do the gentle crying moan again.

Hannah took this further, she started sucking on Kayla's right nipple and playing with her body. She started rubbing Kayla's inner thighs and ocassionally touching her wet vagina. Kayla moved onto her back and pulled Hannah with her.

"Touch me, Hannah...you know where."

Hannah's face lit up with a very happy smile. She moved her hand over to Kayla's vagina and started rubbing really slowly. Kayla closed her eyes and let out a few very soft moans. Next, Hannah put her index and middle finger into Kayla's sweet, warm, and wet vagina. Hannah moved her hand in a backward-forward motion which slid her slippery wet hand in and out of Kayla's vagina.
