 I hate moving. Mind you, this was my very first move so my experience was, you might say, limited, but those of you who have moved and I must think that's most of you, know what I mean. 

My name is Sally. I'm a country girl and I was in the process of moving to the city for the first time. Oh, did I mention I hate moving? I'm twenty-one, considered pretty by most people, long blonde hair, five feet nine, slim, good legs, firm breasts, firm enough that I don't often wear a bra, with annoyingly pointy nipples that stick out noticeably whenever I get excited. Or cold! Both of which seem to happen often, much more often than I would like. 

I had just broken up with my boyfriend of three years so the move came at a very good time for me. A clean break, though the relationship was never the world's greatest love affair, at least for me. He was a nice enough guy but there was always something missing, so enough was enough.

I parked in the lot behind the apartment building and was in the process of moving my clothes, kitchen utensils and the like, anything, in fact, I could carry in my car, to my apartment. As I walked down the hall, the door of the apartment next to mine opened and a tall, beautiful red-haired girl, dressed in a robe, came out, apparently to get a newspaper that was lying on the carpet just outside the door.

She noticed me, and with a big smile said "Hi there, just moving in? Why don't you wait until I throw some clothes on and I'll come and give you a hand, in fact I'll bring my partner with me and you'll be done that much faster. Many hands, etc, etc!"

"That's so kind of you," I replied, "but I really haven't got much to move."

"Then we'll be done that much faster, won't we. Back in a sec." answered the red-haired girl with a smile and vanished into her apartment.

I opened my door, deposited what I was carrying and almost before I could turn around, the red-haired girl was back, accompanied by a much shorter, black-haired girl, both of them wearing t-shirts, jeans and running shoes.

"Let's start this off right," she said. "I'm Mel, short for Melissa, can you imagine, and this gorgeous girl is Wendy. Looks as though we're going to be your neighbors."

I introduced myself and we made our way back to the car. Mel was right, just three more trips and everything was moved and the pain was over! The two girls even helped me to organize my things in the apartment, to put my clothes away, rather embarrassing as my clothing, especially my underwear, was very plain and some of it quite old. They were very kind, however, and didn't say anything, for which I was very grateful.

We finished quickly and Mel and Wendy insisted that I come back to their apartment for a coffee and to relax for a while, to which I readily agreed.

"So," said Mel with a big grin when we were sitting down with our coffees, "not that we're nosy, but tell us all about yourself."

So I did, about my life in the country, about my new job in the city, even about my recently ended love affair.

"So what made you break it off after three years?" Mel asked. "Didn't you like him any more or was there some other reason? I am a nosy bugger, aren't I! Just tell me to shut up if you like!"

"No, that's okay." I replied, laughing. "I don't know why I broke it off, but there was always something missing in the relationship. I mean, we got on fine, the sex was pretty good but the thought of spending the rest of my life with him made me break out in hives. Bit of an exaggeration, but you now what I mean."

"Well I think you were lucky to find that out before it went any further." said Mel. "You're a very wise girl and more power to you."

"So that's enough about me," I replied, "now it's your turn."

"Well," grinned Mel, "we're both city girls, have lived here all our lives. We're partners, lovers, call it what you will. We're lesbians and we live together. I hope that doesn't bother you, Sally."

I answered as honestly as I could "No Mel, it doesn't bother me but I'm not sure I totally understand what a lesbian is. I know that must sound pretty naive, but I never seemed to run into any in the country. Not that I would have known if I had or not."

Mel and Wendy moved closer to each other on the sofa and stared into each other's eyes. Mel said, in a quiet voice, "We love each other, Sally. We discovered a long time ago, long before we met, in fact, that we preferred the company of women to men and that we only wanted to have sex with women. We met about two years ago, fell in love and we've been together ever since." "

"Don't worry, Sally, we're not going to attack you, you're quite safe with us." Wendy added with a grin.

I blushed and stammered "I'm not worried, Mel, I feel totally safe with you, why wouldn't I? But thank you for explaining. I've heard the word before, of course, but I never really understood it. I think I do now."

"Listen, I probably shouldn't suggest this," said Wendy, "but we're going to a club tonight, a lesbian club, no men. Would you like to join us? We'll take good care of you, I promise, but it'll give you a better idea of what we're all about and if you don't have any other plans you might even have fun."

I thought for a minute before answering. "I'd love to come, Wendy. I'm going to be very nervous but as long as I'm with you I'll feel safe, I'm sure."

"Then you go and sort out a nice outfit and we'll pick you up at seven o'clock. OK?" said Mel.

I agreed and as it was already late afternoon I went back to my new home and had a meal before doing what I was dreading - finding a decent outfit to wear. I chose a dark red blouse and fairly short, matching skirt, a black, new uplift bra and black thong that I once bought in a fit of bravery and which was still quite new, unworn in fact. A pair of nude tights and black medium heels completed the picture.

This chore completed, I had a shower, dried myself off, applied makeup, not much, some perfume, also not much, dressed in my 'finery' and I was ready for whatever the evening might bring. I was so nervous I was almost wetting my pants!

There was a knock on the door and there were Mel and Wendy, dressed to the nines. I really felt quite dowdy alongside them, though they went out of their way to compliment me on how I looked.

We took the subway to the club, which was only four stops away, in the city center and were very quickly there. By now I was really nervous and the girls had to work hard to reassure me.

"Listen," said Wendy "if you can't stand it, we'll leave. We've dragged you here so that's the very least we can do."

"No, Mel," I smiled, "I agreed to come and I've no intention of ruining your night out. I'll be fine once I get used to the idea, honestly. Now, let's get in there and have fun."

We entered the club and I was pleasantly encouraged to find that it wasn't at all what I expected, me, who had never been in a club in her life! It had muted lighting with a lot of comfortable seating. Mel led the way to a semi-circular booth covered with dark blue plush material around a table alongside the dance floor, she and Wendy waving to friends as we walked to it. 

We sat and ordered drinks from a waitress who arrived almost immediately and this done, Mel and Wendy got up to dance. I spent the next couple of hours, chatting with the girls when they weren't dancing and being asked to dance frequently by women of all ages. Once I was over the strangeness of dancing with a woman I realized that I was beginning to really enjoy myself.

About two hours into the evening a tall, extremely beautiful, well-built girl with a cap of blonde curls, about my height, dressed in a very short, white dress buttoned down the front came up to me and with an enormous smile asked me to dance.

She took me in her arms, she was obviously going to lead, and we started dancing. We were about the same height and I was very, very conscious that our breasts were touching, I could feel my nipples getting hard, as were hers, rubbing, rubbing mine. She pulled me closer, our bodies fully touching, and I realized that I liked this, I really liked this.

We introduced each other, whispering in each other's ears and I learned that her name was Olivia, that she'd lived in the city for several months and that this was only her second time at the club.

I told her that this was my first time and that I'd never been in a club like this before, or any club come to that. She asked me if I was a lesbian and I explained, blushing, that I'd only just found out what a lesbian was, explaining further that I was only here at the urging of my new neighbors. She looked at me, held me more closely and told me that she liked me very much and would I like to have a drink with her when the dance was over.

This time I didn't hesitate and accepted her offer. We didn't really want the dance to end, at least I didn't, so good did it feel holding, and being held by, this beautiful woman, but it eventually did and she took me by the hand and led me to her table, where we sat close to each other, ordered our drinks when the waitress appeared and continued chatting.

She held my hand in both of hers, which didn't bother me at all and in fact felt very, very nice. She was amazed that I knew nothing, or at least very little, about lesbianism and I felt very, very dumb, which she noticed immediately, held my hand tighter and whispered "Sally, have I hurt you? I didn't mean do do that. I'll shut my silly mouth, it always was too big."

"No Olivia," I answered, "it's not you, it's me, I just feel dumb, that's all. You I like, very much, more and more all the time." and clutched Olivia's hands in mine.

We sat and looked at each other, liking what we saw. I was amazed that I should feel this way about another woman, but I did, there was absolutely no doubt about that whatsoever. I no longer felt nervous, I just felt happy. I didn't understand it, but I was not going to fight it.

We danced more over the next hour, choosing the slow songs, bodies close together, cheek to cheek, breast to breast, groin to groin. What was I doing? Why was I enjoying this so much?

Olivia looked at me and asked, very quietly and very seriously, "Will you come home with me, Sally? Please? Pretty please?"

I stopped dancing, right in the middle of the floor, my mind in a spin and almost without knowing what I was doing whispered "Yes, I'd love to, I'd really love to."

We walked over to Mel and Wendy and I told them that I was going home with Olivia. They looked at each other, smiled, got up and embraced the two of us. Mel took me to one side "Listen, Sally, are you sure you want to do this? Do you have any idea what's involved?"

"No, Mel, I have no idea what's involved," I replied, "but I do know that I like Olivia very much and that this is something I have to do."

Mel and Wendy knew Olivia a little, so were not concerned that I would come to any harm, but still made a point of asking her, "Take care of Sally, please. She's new to all this and we'd hate to see her hurt. We talked her into coming here this evening and we feel responsible for her"

"I promise I will." Olivia assured them, "I'll take very good care of her.", smiled at me, and with that we got our purses, left the club and made our way, again via the subway, to Olivia's apartment.

As we approached the apartment my body tingled with excitement and fear. I had no idea what to expect but I knew I wanted it, whatever lay ahead. Olivia sensed my nervousness, turned and said, softly "Sally, we don't have to do this. If you're feeling too uncomfortable we can just be friends for now. And I do want to be your friend."

I took Olivia's hands in mine and, quenching my fears, pulled her to me and whispered in her ear "No Olivia, I'm coming home with you and that's all there is to it. Please, I really want to do this!"

We reached the building, entered the apartment and Olivia whispered "Trust me, Sally. I'll do nothing to harm you and if I do anything that bothers you, tell me and I'll stop immediately. Is that fair?"

I nodded, trembling in anticipation. We removed our shoes and Olivia took my hand and led me to the bedroom, to an enormous, pillow covered king size bed. She turned to face me, took my face in her hands and kissed me oh so gently, sending a jolt of electricity through my body. Her tongue traced my lips, slowly, sensuously and I squirmed, my knees trembling, feeling the wetness flow from between my legs into my thong.

"Oh how I want you, you beautiful woman." whispered Olivia in my ear "I'm going to undress you slowly, very, very slowly, honey, make such wonderful, tender love to you."

She unfastened the buttons of my blouse, her hands caressing my breasts, tracing their shape through the soft materiel of my bra. God it felt so good, so sensual. 

I was really creaming now, moaning, I had to see the beautiful body in front of me. I reached out and began to unfasten the buttons of her dress, one after the other, revealing her body, revealing that she wore no bra, that her breasts were thrusting forward, tipped with long, hard, pink nipples and puffy, pebbled areolas. I touched them in wonder, traced them with my fingertips, felt the hardness of her prominent nipples, closed my hands around them, touching the first breasts, other than my own, that I'd ever touched in my life, and reveling in it. They felt so wonderful and excitement coursed through me. 

I continued to unfasten buttons, revealing a flat stomach, a beautiful, indented belly button, smooth pelvic area and when I undid the last buttons I found, to my amazement, that she wore no panties, that she was totally clean shaven, her slit and wet lips swollen and totally visibly and inexplicably inviting. Unable to help myself, my curiosity, I reached out and slipped a finger into the deep wet slit, found her clitoris peeking out from under its hood and stroked it gently.

Olivia drew her breath in sharply when I touched her clitoris, followed by a loud groan. Her hands tightened on my breasts then slid round to my back and unfastened my bra.

I removed my finger from her slit, she slid my blouse off my shoulders, followed by my bra, my areolas puckering in the cool air, my nipples becoming instantly hard and thrusting.

I reached up and pushed Olivia's dress off her shoulders, leaving her standing in front of me entirely naked, such a beautiful body, the only naked female body I'd seen since my school showers.

We embraced, breast to breast, I could feel her nipples pressing into my breasts as my nipples pressed into hers. She reached behind me, unzipped my skirt and worked it down over my hips until it fell to the floor.

"Sit on the edge of the bed, Sally, I'm going to pull off your tights and panties." 

I did so, raised my hips and Olivia removed my tights, rolling them down my legs and off my feet. My thong, now very wet, followed, sliding slowly over my hips to reveal a thatch of blonde hair, the lower part of which was pearled with my juices.

"Oh my" said Olivia with a big grin, "a natural blonde!" and trailed her fingers through the wet hair before putting the fingers in her mouth and sucking them clean as she looked up into my eyes. 

We were now both naked, climbed onto the bed and lay down on our sides, facing each other. We looked at each other tenderly, reached out and stroked each other softly, gently, arms, faces, breasts, nipples, stomachs, thighs, tension building, juices flowing, moaning until Olivia pushed me onto my back, parted my legs, lay down between them and breathed in my smell, the smell of excited woman, looked at the little pink wings of my inner lips, wet, slick, extended her tongue, traced them down to my deep wet sheath and entered it, not too far but enough that I was very aware, so aware that I almost leaped off the bed, then traced back up the lips to the hard little shaft of my clit, sucking it into her mouth, flicking it with her tongue while I shuddered under her, my moans growing louder and louder, sensation streaming from my clit while the feeling in the pit of my stomach grew in intensity until I exploded in a huge climax, cum spraying all over my lover's face.

Olivia climbed up my body and lay beside me, her wet face next to mine, an enormous grin on her face. "Well," she spluttered, "thank you so much for nearly drowning me. What do you think, honey?"

"I simply don't know what to say. I had never in my life had an orgasm like that and Olivia, I can't imagine a nicer person giving it to me. When I stop shaking, I'm going to make love to you." and I hugged her and kissed her and licked her wet face clean. 

We kissed each other, caressed each other, stroked each other's bodies, loving every minute of it until I felt recovered and whispered into Olivia's ear "I'm totally new to this, but I'm going to make love to you as my imagination tells me to do it. Okay with you?"

"Ooh, I'm looking forward to this. Go ahead honey. How do you want me?"

"Anyway I can, Olivia, but just on your back for now!"

Olivia rolled onto her back, giggling, parted her legs and I knelt between her spread feet. I raised one foot and gently kissed the toes, one after the other, sucking them into my mouth, caressing them with my tongue. I kissed the sole of her foot, running my tongue along it, making Olivia giggle before slowly kissing her ankle, her calf, soft nibbly kisses, the soft skin at the back of the knee then slower, teasing, sucking, licking kisses along the inside of her thigh, getting closer and closer to the wetness and softness that awaited me at the junction of her thighs. The smell of woman was strong now as Olivia was producing juices in quantity from her open, pink and dripping pussy but neither the smell nor taste bothered me. I'd been masturbating for years and was used to my own juices which I'd both smelled and tasted, with enjoyment. 

So there it was. This was the first pussy I'd ever seen close up and it was so beautiful, its lips fully distended, the inner lips like little wings, wet, pink and open and I simply couldn't resist flicking my tongue out and lapping at the juices leaking from its pink folds. So this was what it was like. I licked, I sucked, rolling Olivia's clit between my thumb and forefinger, my tongue slipping into the depths of her open and willing sheath, thrusting in as far as it would go. How I wished I had a longer tongue! As I licked and sucked, I did what I particularly liked when I masturbated myself to climax; I slipped the wet tip of a finger into the puckered, brown rosebud of Olivia's ass.

Olivia screamed, arced off the bed and collapsed back quivering as an enormous orgasm tore through her. She totally lost control of her pussy and sprayed cum all over my face, something that disconcerted me at first as it was the first time I'd experienced anything like it. After the initial surprise I was amazed to find that I liked it. Oh yes, I liked it, but was so sad that it had taken so long for me to find that out.

I crawled up the bed and fell into Olivia's arms.

"Well" Olivia panted, when she could talk "did you like that?"

"I love it, just love it. It's not something I ever thought of doing, but now I've done it I'm wondering how I ever got along without it. Beats masturbation all to hell!", which sent us into fits of laughter at the thought.

By now, two pairs of eyes were getting heavier and heavier and after a quick visit to the toilet we climbed into bed and fell asleep in each other's arms.

I woke up early, wondering where I was. As I lay there I remembered and a happiness came over me that I had never felt before. We'd turned over in the night and were now lying on our sides, Olivia snuggled up behind me with her arms around me, one hand cupping a breast, the other on my lower stomach. It felt so very, very good but I had to go and take a pee so carefully disentangled myself and tiptoed to the bathroom.
