 It had been about a week since the party. I hadn't seen Sam much in that time. I didn't know if he was embarrassed, ashamed, afraid, or what. 

He hadn't been making any new movies and he hadn't hung out with Kate or Tom as far as I knew. I was really starting to become concerned about him. There was another reason why I thought he might have been avoiding everyone—it began where the last story ended . . .

As you already know, Sam had received a blowjob from his best friend Tom. They had kissed passionately, stroked each other's penises and Sam had ejaculated into Tom's mouth! It was truly an amazing sight to see! 

When all was said and done both Sam and Tom were lying on the floor in exhaustion. 

They were entirely naked, spent, covered in sweat and semen, and splayed out in front of seven women. They both looked so stunning with their tight bodies on display. I love seeing a good penis! And I loved to see how their penises acted in their refractory state. Sam's balls rolled around as he moved and Tom's fairly large penis simply flopped over as he adjusted his position. Simply beautiful!

We had all laughed uncontrollably at how naughty we had behaved; this party went far better than I ever could have conceived.

Sadly there was a real feeling of the fun being over, but nobody wanted to say it. Finally Jen stood up and redressed which led to everyone getting ready to go.

Sam hugged all of the women at the door while he remained naked—I don't think he wanted this night to end. I was surprised at how bold he had been standing in the front door covering his privates with only his torn loincloth. 

On her way out Jen grabbed his dick and shook it while telling him comically, "It was nice to see you again, Sam. We should do this again sometime!" I was so jealous of her. Jennifer really knows how to grab the bull by the horns—or should I say the boys by the dick!

Sam giggled like a kid in a candy store as she shook his penis up and down he was totally unable to form actual language.

Many of the others ladies groped his firm bare behind as they hugged him goodbye and Sam loved every second of it. Once the women were gone Sam reattached his loincloth. As he did I caught a glimpse of his testicles hanging down between his legs and I was saddened because I didn't know how long it would be before I saw those beauties again.

Tom came out of the bathroom dressed in his regular clothes. He was red-faced and with a big smile he thanked us for a lovely night to which we once again all laughed. Then his eyes fell to Sam's loincloth which was sticking out more than it should have been.

"So . . ." Tom said.

"Yeah." Sam responded.

The two guys just stood there looking at each other and laughed.

"See you, I guess?" Sam said.

"Yup, it's already weird!" Tom laughed as he left.

Sam continued standing in front of Kate and I looking like he wanted to say something, but didn't know how to approach it.

"Well you had a fun night!" I said.

He just smiled and looked away.

"You're going to act shy now? Standing practically naked in front of us after making out with another guy and playing with his dick while letting him suck you dry? Now your shy?" Kate laughed.

"I don't know what happened!" Sam said. "I'm not gay."

"It doesn't matter if you are gay, Sam. We love you just the same." I reassured him.

"We will love you even more if you are gay and let us watch!" Kate joked.

"Well sorry, but I'm not. I really don't see me doing that again!" He said.

"What did it feel like to kiss Tom?" Kate asked.

"I don't know! It was weird." Sam said his face getting red.

"It couldn't have been too weird, because your loincloth flap has gone nearly horizontal since you started thinking about it!" Kate said as we all looked at his rising flap.

"That's just because I'm remembering how you ladies were all into it. I think now I know why chicks kiss each other at parties. There is a real feeling of electric arousal knowing that you're turning on the opposite sex." Sam said as he shifted his stance to accommodate his swelling groin.

"Clearly," Kate pointed at his strengthening erection.

There was a moment of uncomfortable silence. I wanted to talk to Sam and tell him how sexy I thought he was—I wanted to take him by the dick and pull him into my bedroom and make love to him, I wanted to wrap my lips around his engorged . . .

"Well I'm going to take a shower now I think." Sam said and walked into the bathroom. Kate and I watched as his hot ass swaggered down the hall covered only by a thin strip of fabric.

Kate helped me clean up and we talked about the party. We talked about how surprised we both were that Tom and Sam had displayed such open sexuality with one another and how proud we were of Sam for being so open to Tom. I knew that Sam wasn't really gay, and that made me all the more proud of him for being so courageous to do all those things in a room full of women. Obviously his sexuality could be questioned for that and to a young guy that can be devastating, but Sam knew who he was and he trusted his friend Tom so much that it didn't bother him.

Have I mentioned that I think my Sam is the greatest guy in the world!

Then Kate mentioned how beautiful Jen was and what a great body Paige had.

"I know, they are both really hot. I'm am so jealous of them. I couldn't figure out where to look tonight there was so much beautiful flesh on display!" I said.

"I knew where I wanted to look!" Kate said. I was going to press her on that, but she was looking right at me and I blushed. 

She asked if she could use Sam's computer for a bit and I told her she could. I bade her goodnight and said I was going to go into my room and get ready for bed.

I went into my room and took off my clothes. My panties were soaked. I stripped naked and put on a new pair then I put my oversized T-shirt over myself. 

The whole time I undressed I thought about Kate sitting in Sam's room; she was probably waiting for him to come out of the shower wearing nothing but a towel and then she would jump him and then they would fuck like rabbits right across the hall from me. I imagined what they would look like naked and rolling around in his sheets in a passionate fury. I was getting turned on again just thinking about it.

'Great, now I'm going to destroy these panties!' I thought

I didn't hear the bedroom door open and I was startled when I heard a voice behind me.

"Dana." 

I jumped and swung around to see a sight that totally threw me!

Kate was standing in my doorway completely nude from head to toe. The light from the hallway outlined her curvaceous figure. Her long flowing hair was pushed back behind her shoulders to give me an unencumbered view of her perfect breasts, her flat tummy and a miraculous little V-shape below her belly button. I stared right at the beautiful pursed lips between her legs and imagined what it must feel like to . . . 

'What the hell is happening?' I thought. 'What the hell am I thinking? I'm not like that . . . I'm not gay! Am I?'

Kate walked seductively over to me and stood before me in the most vulnerable way. She was gorgeous, more gorgeous than I had ever realized and the only thought I had was, 'Why hasn't Sam had sex with this girl?'

Maybe this is why, maybe she isn't into guys. If that's the case I feel terrible for all of Mankind because she is utterly perfect!

"I don't believe in being coy. I told you I didn't have any problem deciding where to look meaning I was looking at you. I have wanted you for years. I masturbate to you all the time and it isn't enough anymore! Tonight was more than I think either of us can stand. I need you and I KNOW you need what I can give you. You don't have to say anything. Just touch me." She said.

I was horrified, embarrassed, reluctant, curious and lustful. I thought of Sam naked and wet in our shower right now rubbing his hard dick just on the other side of that bathroom door. Then I pictured him with his fingers in the underwear of my two friends, and how I wondered what it must feel like to be fingered by that gorgeous young man. I also wondered what it must feel like to feel another woman's moist warm sex tightening around my finger.

A whole montage of images from tonight's party ran through my mind. Sam's loincloth ripping off and his dick springing free, Sam and Tom burying their tongues into one another's mouths, Jen boobs jiggling in her nightie, the lust on Paige's face as she licked Tom's throbbing cock, the smile of delight spreading across Kate's face as she trained her camera on Paige's ass, Sam licking his own cum of Tom's chin!

I came out of my trance to see Kate's full, amazing breasts hanging before me, her tight little belly, her muscular legs, her silky hair, her eyes, and those lips, those amazing full, flawless lips! A crushing wave of lust blasted through me as I took a step forward and placed my lips just in front of hers. 

I hesitated as our fervent breath mixed together and I looked down and surveyed those lovely breasts. 

'Am I really going to do this?' I wondered. 'Am I really going to touch, kiss, grope, fondle, lick, and love this beautiful young vixen before me?' 

'FUCK YEAH I AM!'

I cupped her boobs in my hands with gentle sensitivity as I felt her hard nipples pressing against my palms. I crushed my lips into hers and we exchanged the most erotic kiss I had ever experienced. 

As I kneaded her breasts she worked her finger down my front and slipped it across my silk panties outlining the moistening canal of my hot pussy. 

Yes, I said pussy! 

Normally I don't like that word, but that's how I felt—brutal, feral and untamed. I wanted Kate; I wanted this hot young beautiful girl-next-door to fuck my quivering pussy!

She lifted my T-shirt off and my breasts dangled out and hung proudly before her, she took one into her hand and sucked on my hardening nipple as I rubbed her hair and pulled her head into my naked breast. I looked up and saw the bathroom door knowing that Sam could come out at any moment and see us—his two women making sweet naked love to one another. I wondered if he would join us or just start yanking his steely cock while he watched us fuck.

I imagined him standing in my door pleasuring his hard cock and tickling his dangling balls to the sight of Kate and I exploring our naked bodies and I suddenly realized the pure thrill he must feel when exposing himself on camera. I understood him better in that moment and I wanted to join him in his exhibitionist ways.

Truth be told, if Sam really did come out and see us I truly believe his dick would have exploded right off his body in shock!

That thought made me laugh out loud and Kate joined me in my laughter as if she were reading my mind.

Kate worked her way down my bare torso and pulled my panties away from my body. The cool air on my privates and the feeling of being so exposed was exhilarating as she buried her tongue deep into me and devoured my clit with savage chaotic passion. Please pardon my blatant language again, but this girl really tongue-fucked me into another dimension!

Then she stood up and slipped her tongue into my mouth. I could taste myself on her tongue. I hadn't tasted my own cum in many years and I forgot how creamy it is. As it turns out it is really kind of a turn on to taste your own lubricating fluid on another's mouth!

The two of us fell back on the bed, our naked selves enveloped and I desperately wanted Sam to come out of the shower and see us exploring our nude bodies. What would he think? What would he do? I couldn't wait to find out. I was lying on my back looking down past my bare legs wrapped around Kate's shoulders as she ate me out and I just wished the bathroom door would open and I could see Sam's eyes as he discovered us.

I wanted him to watch as this elegant young woman licked my hot pussy, I wanted his eyes to gaze upon my naked breasts and I wanted him to realize how sexual I really am. I wanted Sam to see me as a thing that exists for his erotic pleasure!

Then something happened—I began to feel guilty. 

'What am I doing?' 

'How could I allow this to happen?' 

Kate was 19 years-old, yes it was legal, but was it moral? 

'How would Sam feel?'

After all he wanted Kate for himself—I knew that, but I didn't know if he wanted me. However, the sight of these two women that he cared about more than any other fucking the shit out of each other would send him into a state of earthly joy. Either way the sexual pleasure soaking through my body that Kate was providing overrode any guilt I was feeling, however in a moment of desperation I grabbed a pillow and chucked it at the door hitting it hard enough that the door slammed shut. Sam was safe—at least from discovering us.

Then Kate and I switched positions and ended up in a 69 pose. Her vagina hovered right above my face and wondered what to do! I never went down on a chick before. I was nervous, I was still questioning my motivations, but then nature took over and I quickly learned how to please another female as I was being pleased myself. I slid my tongue between the walls of her tight little slit and I consumed her . . .

That had been a week ago and I had barely seen Sam since. When I saw him he gave quick answers and didn't make much eye contact with me. To my knowledge he also had no contact with Tom or Kate in all that time. I was feeling extremely guilty and very worried about him so I decided to do something about it. I invited Tom and Kate to come over so we could talk about things.

I felt like a detective in a murder mystery collecting all the suspects in one room for the big reveal.

"I know you're all wondering why I called you here tonight." I said and everyone giggled.

"Last week some stuff went down here that I think we need to talk about." I added trying to figure out how to approach this.

"I feel like something has changed between all of us and I want to make sure we don't lose each other. Simply put, I want everything to go back to the way it was before."

"Before what?" Sam asked.

"You know . . . before last week." I said.

"What happened last week?" He asked.

Tom and Kate's eyes were darting between Sam and I the whole time.

"You know, the party . . ."

"Oh, you mean how Tom blew me, then we kissed each other while stripping each other naked, then later you and Kate had lesbian sex together!" Sam said bluntly and watched for my reaction.

I was speechless; I could feel the blood drain out of my body while at the same time my face began to burn with humiliation.

Tom, Kate and Sam all stared at me waiting to see my reaction.

"You, uh, know about that?" I asked him finally.

"I deduced it. I think it was the bed springs bouncing up and down that tipped me off, or maybe it was the headboard slamming into the wall over and over."

I was dying a slow death of embarrassment.

Sam didn't let up, "Or possibly it was when you screamed out 'Oh my God, Kate! F-me F-me right there! F my F-ing you-know-what!' Of course I'm paraphrasing so as not to use any harsh language in front of my friends." Sam said with a self-satisfied smug little grin.

I wiped my sweating forehead and tried to compose myself, "And how did that make you feel? Because I never wanted to hurt you, Sam please believe that." I begged.

"You didn't hurt me. I loved it! Are you kidding! It was the most unbelievable thing I ever heard in my life." He said finally letting me off the hook.

"Really, you're not upset?" I asked.

"He's as far from upset as he could be." Kate said. "He has been texting me about it all week long asking what it was like, how it felt, am I going to do it again? He's out of control." She said smiling. "And he keeps asking A LOT of questions about your boobies!" She said and Sam cut her off.

"Okay, okay enough of that!" He said turning as red as I was.

"I thought you were upset or something! You've spent so much time in your room!" I said.

"Well yeah. What do you think I'm doing in there?" He asked.

"What?" I asked genuinely curious, then it dawned on me, "Oh! Oh my!" 

Everyone laughed.

"I thought maybe you were upset about what you did with Tom too, you're not?"

"No, of course not. That was hot as hell. I mean I'm kind of embarrassed that I let a guy, you know, do that to my—thing. But it felt really good and I had a ball." Sam said with delight.

"Really? It felt more like you had two balls!" Tom added to more laughter.

"You shouldn't feel embarrassed, Sam. That was a beautiful display of affection." I reassured him.

"No I'm not ashamed or anything. Like I said I'm really not gay—all evidence to the contrary. What I enjoyed most about it was having the two of you watch." Now Sam blushed furiously. "I like that we made you feel like that, that we were able to show you what you wanted to see."

"Would you do it again?" Tom asked. "Because you are a great kisser."

I felt another surge of sexual energy flow through my loins.

"Maybe, but at some point I would like to have sex with a girl!" Sam said. "While we're speaking about this, I'm glad we are all here because I wanted to ask all of you something. I cut the video Kate shot of that night and I made a little teaser of it to show people what went on, but without giving anything away and I wanted to see how much money we can raise online to show it. But I need everyone's approval first."

"Let's see it!" I said terribly excited.

Sam led us into his room and we sat on his bed to watch his computer. He played the teaser.

Title came up that read: 

One fateful night,

Then there was a shot of the party.

A dare was made,

Another shot of Sam and Tom in there respective sexy garments.

That changed everything,

The screen went black as we heard Jen say, "We want to see you two make out with each other!"

Then a shot of Sam and Tom looking into each other's eyes in slow motion as we heard various voices say—

"It has to be a hot kiss!" "Stick your tongue in Tom's mouth!" "I want it!" "Look, he's getting hard!"

Then a shot of Sam and Tom moving in to kiss and the camera cuts just before they make contact.

But that's not all! The titles read.

Then a series of quick cuts of close up shots of their entwined bodies, chests, abs, pubes, everything! Only the shots were so fast you could barely register anything.

Then the screen went dark again and Sam says, "Get your hard cock over here Mother Fucker!" then a quick glimpse as Sam's loincloth is ripped off and the women scream!

"Holy shit that's hot!" Kate said. 

"Now that's what I call a damn teaser!" Tom said.

"Now I want to see the whole thing again!" I applauded.

"Well, we will have to see if we get enough money raised before I release it. If we do, everyone gets a share of the profits." He wasn't kidding! After about three weeks of that teaser playing on his website Sam had raised an amount so staggering I can't even disclose it here. He released the full video online and gave all of us our cut. I didn't think I deserved my cut because I wasn't really in the video and I didn't do anything. I told Sam to keep my portion and make more movies with it. He insisted I take my part because he said I was insanely popular on the website and people were lobbying to have me get in on the skin—so to speak. 

"I don't think I could, Sam. I don't think I could do anything on camera!" I said blushing profusely. I was very honored to think that anyone would want to see me naked online though, but I wasn't sure I had the courage.

"I'm telling you I get requests all the time for your involvement. People want to see your body and I don't blame them. You are magnificently attractive." He said and I wanted him so much in that moment.

"You're so sweet, Sam." I said affectionately.
