 When the alarm woke us at 7, Cathy kissed me hungrily, but then pulled back and looked at me seriously.

"Wake up, sleepyhead. Unless you want to spend the day babysitting, Kevin, I need to introduce you to the staff at the daycare, so that you can pick him up in the afternoons. And, I'm a poor helpless woman of great girth, who could use some help in the shower."

"Great girth, indeed. These wondrous tits are easily 40 inches across!" I said, caressing them both.

"Not those, idiot! My belly!"

"Bah! You're barely even 5 months pregnant. Though, I'll be happy to help you in the shower, anyway."

"Well, hurry, then. I need to be at work by 8:30, so no more time for games."

"Awwww," I pouted.

"Sorry, but we have two whole nights to play before John comes home. So cheer up. Now... my back needs scrubbing." Cathy slipped out of bed and headed for the bathroom.

"Wow! The view from this side is almost as good as the other."

Cathy laughed, and wiggled her fine ass to the bathroom. I gave her time to pee, then as I heard the shower turned on, I hopped up and ran to help. 

"About time you got here, Nanny. I can't reach my back."

I started to lather up her back, while Cathy worked shampoo into her waist-length hair. Striving to do a good job, I worked my way down her back, careful to get every inch. Working my sudsy fingers down her butt-crack, I reached around to cup her left breast. 

Breathing heavily, Cathy panted, "I ... thought ... I said ... no time ... for play."

I slid my lower hand further, between her thighs, and murmured in her ear, "I thought you might be having difficulty reaching these parts, too".

She turned to me, "Please... I need to be at work on time, but I promise to come home as early as possible."

"Oh, you're such a spoilsport. We can find five minutes."

"No! Seriously."

I pushed her back to the wall of the shower, and kissed her hard, caressing her breasts. Just as she started to respond, I drew back, taunting: "Sorry, no time!"

"Ooh, you big tease. I love you dearly and want you always, but already I can see there are times that a big cock is just easier and more satisfying."

We finished up without too many more interruptions, and got Kevin fed and ready for day-care. After a quick breakfast ourselves, we bundled Kevin into his car seat and set off. After introductions, and signed authorizations that I was permitted to pick up Kevin in his parent's place, Cathy got back in her car, while I opted to walk the five blocks back to the house. 

Before she left, she rolled down the window and I leaned in. Cathy grabbed me quickly, and kissed me hard. "Soon!" and then she was gone.

* * *

I spent the rest of the day getting ready for the start of school, except for a quick trip to a friend's where I'd left my bicycle for the summer, and then downtown to a store I knew. Cathy called in the early afternoon to tell me that she could be home by 4, and that she'd pick Kevin up on the way. 

"Don't worry, he won't be interested in what we're doing!"

When Cathy arrived home, I heard the garage door open, and quickly finished my preparations. As she opened the door into the kitchen, I stood there waiting, wearing only a black lace teddy, and a pair of Cathy's tallest black pumps. 

Kevin was holding Cathy's hand as he stood on the step up from the garage.

"Nanny!" he cried, running to me and hugging my bare legs.

"Hi Kevin, you remember me!" I said, with surprise.

Cathy shone her enigmatic smile at the two of us, and then told Kevin to go to the living room and play with his firetruck. As he toddled off, she looked me up and down.

"Oh, Christie, you look good enough to eat." 

"I'll hold you to that."

She stepped in close, looking up at me, now. Since I'd forbidden her to wear heels in her condition, I had a six inch height advantage. I took her head in my hands and leaned down to kiss her lips. Cathy melted into me as our lips touched, opened, and tongues entwined. Unlike our previous encounters, there was no frenzy, no hunger, just two lovers exploring each other. We kissed and caressed each others bodies for five minutes, before Cathy groaned and pulled away.

"I'd love to do that all night, but I need to get off my feet."

"Your bath is prepared -- go and get ready, and I'll put Kevin in his play pen and join you in a moment."

A couple of minutes later, with Kevin happily playing with his truck in the play pen in the living room, I entered the master bedroom. Cathy was just finishing undressing, bent over her bed with her ass exposed to me in all its glory. I stared at her as if I'd never seen her before. I couldn't believe my luck, that such a person had entered my life. 

Hearing me enter, Cathy turned to me and gave me that smile again. I melted as she lifted my teddy revealing first my shaved pussy, then my belly, and finally my small, firm, tits. As she lifted it over my head, her mouth came to a nipple and tongued it gently but firmly. I grasped her head, and held her to me for a moment, but then pulled back a little.

"Welcome home, sweetheart."

"Oh, Christie, I need you so much!"

"But first, you need a bath!"

Taking her hand, I led her to the bathroom, where the whirlpool tub was humming gently. Kicking off the shoes, I stepped into the bubble-filled tub, then helped her in. I sat down and pulled her down to me, leaning her back against my breasts. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tight. 

"Christie, darling, this is heaven."

We sat there relaxing for a few minutes, before I reached for the soap and started to wash her carefully, from top to bottom. When I had her clean, I told her to sit up, stood, and placed myself in front of her.

"Now, what did you say about 'good enough to eat'?"

I thrust my pussy at her face. As I moved forward, she was forced to rest her head on the edge of the tub, looking up at my nether lips.

I lowered myself to her face.

"Now, eat me, love. Show me how much you need me."

Cathy raised her hands to stroke my inner thighs, as her tongue caressed my clit.

"Oooh, that's it baby. Eat me. Ohhh -- more ... that's it, oh, yes..."

I took her finger from my cunt, brought the hand to my face, and sucked on it, as I looked at her lying beneath me, eyes closed, sucking hungrily.

"That's my girl. Oh, yes," as the hand I wasn't holding inserted three fingers into my cunt. As she nibbled my button, she began thrusting faster and faster with her hand. Taking back the hand I was licking, she reached around and pushed her index finger up my ass. That was all it took.

"Oh God, I'm coming!! Aahhhhhhhhh!"

When I came, my juices flowed like a waterfall. Quickly, Cathy's face was drenched, though she was lapping up as much as she could. I collapsed back into the tub with a splash.

Cathy just lay back with a contented smile, playing with my pussy with her big toe.

We lay there for a few minutes, luxuriating in the warmth, the bubbles, and the caressing jets. When I stood, Cathy started to rise too. 

"You just lie there for a while, love. I'll dry off, and then help you."

"It's wonderful being so pampered," she sighed. 

"Pampered? Is that what it's called? Anyway, I thought you were doing all the work -- and doing it VERY well, I might add. Thank you."

"Don't be silly, Christie. You don't need to thank me for anything. But... I wonder what I'm going to do about John?"

"Now, it's my turn -- don't be silly! Surely, you're not thinking 'this changes everything; I have to dump John'? It's not 'what am I going to do about John', it's 'what are WE going to do' -- and I have an idea."

"Oh! What?", she sat up suddenly.

"Never you mind. We have two whole days to ourselves before he comes back, and we'll talk about it later. I promise you, though, that I won't do anything without your complete support."

"How, on earth, did you come into my life, Christie?"

"I believe a certain horny professor was looking for a certain type of horny co-ed..."

"Oh, yes, that." We laughed.

"You know, you were the first person to respond to our ad?"

"That's not surprising -- I was getting pretty desperate to find a place to live for this term, and I was at the housing office before the doors opened. I wouldn't be surprised if a certain horny professor wasn't lurking, watching to see just who was that anxious! I was getting worried that I'd have to take up my friend Jill's offer -- which was a little awkward. Jill was my first woman-on-woman experience, and it convinced me that I wasn't at all attracted to women. The sex was great, but I kept alternating between wishing she was a guy -- or at least that she had a cock -- and thinking that 'I've got toys that can do that...' And then, last April, you kissed me...".

"So now you think you're a Lesbian?"

"NO! ... I don't know. I only know... I love YOU."

"Oh, Christie, you're so refreshingly young. I know you're not much younger than me, but six or seven years makes all the difference, sometimes. I'm pretty sure I'm heterosexual, too. Look at TV ads; watch porn; who turns you on? For me, 99 times out of a hundred, it's a man. When John suggested getting a nanny, I honestly thought I wanted you for the help! It's not like the sex was a surprise -- we had talked about sharing another person even before we were married, and we'd decided we'd alternate between a man and a woman. John was even decent enough to let me choose our first, male, partner. He had right of refusal -- if you're going to do something like that, everybody has to want it -- but I chose the guy, and John agreed that it would, at least, be an interesting experience. In fact, we all had fun until he moved away for a post-doc. So, when he wanted to bring you in as a nanny, I thought we'd all have sex, it would be fun, and 'with luck' you would be happy to stay with us for a term, or even a whole school year. But what I really wanted was somebody to help with Kevin, because one kid was 'motherhood' and two is already beginning to feel like a chore, and she isn't even born!

"Now, already, I'm scared that you'll ever leave us..."

"Cathy, I told you, I love you. I don't know if I even believe in love at first sight, but I was caught when you first kissed me. As long as we can work things out with John, and I really think we can, I'm with you as long as you'll have me."

I reached down to help her out of the tub, wrapping her in the bath sheet as she stood. Her eyes roamed the length of my body, and she said, "I can't believe my nanny has such a glorious body!"

"Come on! Next to you, I have no tits and my legs are stumps!"

"Sweetie, I admit, I have bounteous bosoms, but they're strictly time-limited. One day, possibly soon, they'll just be these enormous dangly things. Your body is lithe, and tight, and ... God, I think I'm going to come again...

She sagged into my arms. She was faking it ... I think.

As I toweled her dry, Kevin started to cry.

"OK," I said, "I know I'm the nanny, but I'm working on supper -- so YOU have to change his diaper, and I'll finish dinner!"

"Deal," Cathy said, "I don't even remember advertising for a cook!"

"Just wrap a towel around your hair, and I'll brush it out for you when you finish with Kevin."

I put on John's bath-robe, kissed her slowly and headed for the kitchen.

* * * 

Dinner was a spatchcocked chicken, miniature potatoes, baby carrots and green beans, with a spinach-pear-blue cheese salad, and a Marlborough Pinot Noir for me and soda water for Cathy. Both of us dressed only in bathrobes... Afterwards, we put Kevin to bed. 

"What story do you want, Kevin?", Cathy asked.

"Nanny! Nanny!"

"Oh, I think he wants you to read it," Cathy's face collapsed.

I kissed her lips, gently: "You're being silly again. I'm just a novelty to him. I plan to be around long enough to seriously challenge you for motherhood rights, but he doesn't know that, yet."

"You're right, sorry."

"Kevin, how about I read you a story, then Mommy reads you one? Two stories! What would you like me to read?"

"abacadadabebewebewe!"

"What?"

Cathy laughingly handed me a much abused book. It had obviously been in the bathtub at least once, chewed on frequently, and was clearly a great favorite.

"I think this is what he wants."

Before Cathy had finished her story, Kevin was fast asleep.

Later, we sat in the dimly lit living room, cuddled together on the couch, telling each other our histories. Kissing languidly and caressing each other's bodies. I don't think I'd ever been so comfortable with another person in my life -- man, woman, boy or girl. I'd brushed out her hair as promised before supper, but now I picked up the brush again and began to stroke it steadily. In the dim light, her lustrous black hair began to show highlights that looked almost blond.

"Come... it's time for bed [it was nine o'clock!], and I have a surprise for you!"

Cathy turned to gaze into my eyes -- "another one!"

I took her hand and led her to the bedroom. Sliding her robe off her shoulders, letting it slide to the floor, I admired her body.

"My very own goddess!", I breathed. Pushing her back onto the bed, I said: "Wait, now."

I went into the bathroom and opened the bag I'd left there and removed the item I'd purchased that afternoon from "Venus and Adonis". Returning to the bedroom, still wearing John's bathrobe, I stared at Cathy's amazing body.

"Do you remember the last thing you said before we got up this morning?"

"Er... No? I'm sorry, but my mind is sex-addled. What are you talking about?"

"You said that you loved me dearly, but..."

"Oh, yes! I love your butt dearly..."

"Not quite, dear one. You said, 'there are times you just need a big cock'. I don't have one, but..."

I let the robe fall open to show the large strap-on dildo I'd just purchased. 

"Do you think this might do?"

"OHMIGOD CHRISTIE -- ENOUGH TALK, JUST FUCK ME!!"

"I'll take that as a yes!"

I climbed onto the bed, and slowly worked my way up between her legs, kissing and caressing as I went. 

"Please..."

I ignored her, stroking her thighs and pussy, leaning down to lick her belly, then up to her huge orbs. Taking her left nipple between my lips, sucking it in, rolling it round my tongue, before nipping it with my teeth, and repeating the process for the right teat.

Sliding my right hand between her thighs, and up to her hot box, I could tell she was ready for me.

I positioned my shaft at the entrance to her cleft: "I hope I can do this right -- I've never used one of these..."

"SHUTUPDAMNYOU!! INEEDTOBEFUCKED!"

Tentatively pushing the dildo at the entrance to her vagina, I tried to inch forward. Cathy was having none of it -- she grabbed my hips and hauled me towards her, as she thrust her pelvis at me. Suddenly, the full length of the dildo was sheathed deep within her.

"ohhhhhh....." she sighed, and a beatific smile came across her face. She pulled my head down to hers, kissing me deeply. Suddenly, she twisted my nipple, while bucking her hips. I got the message, and started to pound the dildo in and out, as hard as I could. As we both came close to climax, her lips sought my tits. Reaching under her, I lifted her head to suckle at my left breast. With my tit filling her mouth she began to moan -- the sound reverberating right through the nipple and seemingly down to my clit. I pushed harder and harder into her channel, somehow trying to BE a man for her. Finally, as she came, she bit hard on my teat, and I exploded against her.

When I could finally think again, I stood up and unfastened the strap-on.

"Oh, honey, the sheets are soaked. Why don't we just strip the bed, and go upstairs and sleep in mine?" 

Cathy, just lay there smiling.

"OK, I have an even better idea -- get up, and go upstairs to my bed, and I'll be there in a minute."

I took her hand and pulled her upright. We kissed again, and she grinned at me, then flounced out of the bedroom. When I got to my own room, she was comfortably lying at the far side of the queen-sized bed, watching me. As I got into bed, she turned over so that I could snuggle up against her back. I wrapped my arms around her, and she asked -- 

"So how do WE deal with John?"

"Do you trust me, love?"

"Of course!"

"Well, he's a man -- surely once the blood supply rushes to his cock, his brain is just as useless as any man's. So why not let me, let him, seduce me -- and then catch us in the act. He can't possibly imagine throwing you over for me, so he'll surely do anything you demand."