 Once a month we met at the bank after hours, counting money and reconciling it to different accounts before Rachael laundered it for me. 

But a month ago we weren't lovers, like we had quickly become over the last few weeks despite any rules we had tried to set to this torrid thing growing between us.

I was running late and we had a huge pile of cash to move, and as I came through her office door I noticed she was dressed in a black cocktail dress, and not her usual power suit, her long blonde hair pulled up out of her gorgeous face, and she was standing at the front of her desk with her arms folded across her chest and a very aggravated look on her face, she was talking on her Blue tooth, to the district attorney I would quickly realize.

I had no guilt about what we were doing, and certainly no sympathy for the district attorney, he spent too much time chasing me, looking for the big arrest and prosecution that he was oblivious to most things especially my relationship with his fiancée. 

I waited patiently for her to finish the call, pulling off my leather jacket and setting the bag I was carrying down. I stretched languidly and gasped as her hands slid up my ribcage and over my breasts, stepping into me from behind she began kissing and nibbling at the back of my neck as she spoke to him.

' I'll be leaving here shortly and we will be on time. don't worry." she said, her tone impatient.

I cold hear the D.A. questioning her, but didn't care, the feeling of her fingertips teasing my rock hard nipples though the thin cotton of my tee was quickly drowning out any of my other senses.

"Fine, I'll be there!" Rachael snapped and pulled off the headset sending it quickly flying to her desk a few feet away.

"I take it we wont be counting the money tonight?" I mumbled as I ground back against her, loving the feel of her body behind me.

"No." she said flatly.

Her hands moved with more purpose as she teased my breasts and began to lick and suck at the side of my neck. 

She was quickly turning me into a throbbing mess.

"You should have called me, it would have saved me the ride over here." I teased her weakly.

"What and miss a prime opportunity to have you ...I doubt it." 

One of Rachael's hands went into my hair tangling in it as she pulled my head back exposing my neck to her full lips. The other slipped easily into the leather pants I was wearing, the tiny thong I wore no barrier against what she wanted. Slowly those familiar fingers began sliding back and forth, making me grind harder against her, wanting more form her, needing more from her.

She was becoming so good at making me a addicted to her touch. 

Rachael pushed me toward the door and up against it, that delicious body of hers forming again against mine. With my forehead against the door I pushed against her hand, moaning as her fingers continued to tease me, with slow strokes up and down. 

"Spread your legs for me." she growled in my ear.

I immediately did as told, and cried out as she slipped two fingers deep into me and began to pump slowly in and out. She tangled her fingers in my hair again and pulled me back against her, her warm breath against my ear as she spoke.

"All day I've wanted this Jordan ...to have you ...like this." she thrust deeper, the feel of her palm grinding against my throbbing clit was mind-blowing.

I began moving harder against her, with my head thrown back on her shoulder and my eyes closed lost in the feeling building in me.

"Please don't stop!" I managed between gasps for air, my body began to shake.

"Oh fuck yes ....just like that!" I moaned pushing back into her as I came, violently shaking as she continued to pump into me, pulling my orgasm from me with each thrust.

I had to brace myself against the wall my hands holding me as my legs shook, as Rachel continued to tease at my clit as I shuddered breathlessly.

"Mmmmm...that was worth the wait." she said softly, pulling her hand free and turning me around.

Those full lips captured mine in a heated, deep kiss.

The kiss only making me want more from her.

Pulling back slowly from me she grinned.

"As much as I would like you to return the favor, I have to go I'm already late." she grumbled. "come on I'll walk out with you." 

"Later?" I managed to ask, still trying to control my breathing and fix my clothes.

"of course you owe me." she answered confidently, giving me that sexy grin of hers as she grabbed her coat and headed out the door.