 It was the last day of term, thank god!!! And not just any term either, it was the last day of the last term…ever. Classes had finished over an hour ago.

I go to an all girls’ boarding school in the south of England. Most of my mates had gone home already, but myself, (I’m Abby by the way) Megan and Wendy were crowded in Wendy’s small dorm room. We were getting picked up the following morning. So, since we were 3 of the very last girls in the school, we decided to have a little celebration. 

Last month we have gone to Rome on a school trip and whilst we were there Megan had picked up some cheap wine for this very night, (she’s very organised, always plans ahead.) 

So, as I was saying, we’d been sitting in Wendy’s room for a little over half an hour drinking our wine. We don’t get the opportunity to drink very often. Even though we’re all eighteen the teachers at our school frown upon this bad habit. This means that when we do drink, it doesn’t take much to get us tipsy! I was already beginning to feel a little fuzzy after only half an hour! Our conversation had turned to boys, as is only to be expected in an all girls’ school!!! 

Wendy was telling Megan and I about her latest boyfriend back home. She was always telling us stories about what she got up to with them during the holidays. Of course we believed her, what would be the point in lying? Every term she’d come back with more stories about a different guy. She was very mature and confident when it came to sex. Well, she’d had enough practice hadn’t she!!!

Megan had also had sex. Although she had been seeing the same boy for over two years now. Simon. He sounded nice enough. She was obviously crazy about him. 

What about me? Well, I’m a virgin. I’ve never even had a boyfriend. I let Peter Craven kiss me on the mouth once but that was about it. He tried to touch me “down there” but I wouldn’t let him. I was only fifteen!!!!! I get teased sometimes about still being a virgin. Megan’s not too bad; it’s Wendy that does it the most. I don’t mind though, they’re still my best friends.

Anyway, sorry, I keep doing that don’t I? I keep wandering off the subject. 

“So you let him do that to you? Right there in the woods?” Megan gasped, “What if someone would have seen?”

“That was half the fun!” Wendy shrieked

I was reaching for the wine bottle, happily listening to them when Wendy started,

“So Abby. Are you going to get yourself a boyfriend this summer or what? You can’t go to university a virgin!”

“Shurrup Wendy” I slurred, shoving her playfully. Megan giggled into her glass and I reached for the next bottle.

“No, I’m serious Abby. Hey Megan,” Megan looked up grinning, “I’ll bet Abby gets herself off every night! Being that sexually frustrated! What do you use Abs? Do you steal a cucumber from the kitchen, or do you use the end of a hairbrush?” Both of them were rolling about the floor laughing hysterically. I meanwhile could feel my face burning I embarrassment. I did masturbate but no more than anyone else though. But then I started to think. Maybe I did do it more than you should. What if I was addicted? I normally did it at least three times a week. Could you become addicted to masturbation??? 

“Have you ever came?” Wendy asked.

“What?”

“Orgasm. Have you ever had an orgasm?”

“Umm, I’m not sure”

Wendy smiled wistfully, “That means you haven’t,” she said.

I was starting to feel pretty drunk, and so I asked Wendy how often she did it.

“Oh I do it at least once a night”

“Really?” I gasped, “Well what do you use?”

“My vibrator dummy!” she cried, and she and Megan creased with laughter again.

Wendy stood up and staggered over to the drawers beside her bed. I heard the drawer opening and closing, and although I couldn’t see what it was she had taken out, I knew it was her vibrator from the way Megan started laughing again. I had never seen a vibrator before, and when she turned around my mouth fell open,

“Look, she wants it in her mouth” shrieked Megan. Wendy zigzagged over to where I sat cross-legged on the floor and started waving it about in front of my mouth. I was laughing along with them now, but having it brush against my lips had turned me on for a moment. It looked like a real penis. I had never seen one in real life before, but I had seen pictures in sex education. I wondered if that’s what it felt like to have a man’s penis against my mouth.

“Aaah but that’s not where it’s meant to go is it Megan! Have you ever used a dildo before Abs?”

I tried not to blush as I told them that no I had not. 

“So what do you use?” Asked Megan. The laughing had stopped now and they were both looking at me intently.

I stammered and told them that I had only ever used my fingers. I saw a look pass between them, and then Wendy said,

“Abby, you don’t know what you’re missing! You can borrow it if you want, but you have to use it right now!” I was stunned. This was shocking even by Wendy’s standards! She wanted me to masturbate in front of both of them!! I couldn’t do that. I giggled nervously and said I would pass on her offer.

“Why? Is it because you’re embarrassed that we’d be watching or is it because you don’t know how to use one?” Megan’s question took me by surprise. She must have been drunk. This was definitely not normal behaviour from Megan. I told them that it was probably a little of both. 

“Well, I know how to solve both these problems” said Wendy, and I noticed that she had slid round so that she was sitting next to Megan on the floor. “How?” I asked. Megan reached forward and filled my glass with more wine. Then she looked at me and said, Wendy can use it on me. That way I’m doing it in front of you both, and you’ll see how to use it at the same time”.

I stared at her waiting for them both to start laughing, one big joke. But neither of them did. They just smiled at me, then at each other, but I knew they must have been joking around. So I decided to play them at their own game for a change. “Alright then, do it”. I said firmly. I saw Megan look at Wendy. Her tongue darted out and licked her lips in a movement so small I would have missed it, had I not been watching so intensely.

Megan stood up. We were all still in our school uniforms. They weren’t exactly flattering. Grey pleated skirts, with white shirts and blazers. But it never bothered us, since everyone had to wear them so we all look as frumpy as each other. 

As I was saying. Megan had stood up and took off her blazer. Wendy did the same. Then they both moved over to the single bed that sat in the corner of the room. Megan lay down on her back and bent her legs, like a woman in labour.

I watched, mesmerised as Wendy pushed her skirt up over her knees. I gulped some more of my wine. Megan looked so weird lying on the bed with her shoes on and her white socks pulled up to her knees, and her skirt up ruffled round her waist.

I could see her white pants, and although I’d seen both my friends in their underwear before, I kept feeling like I should have looked away. I felt dirty and naughty. But still I kept staring. Eyes wide, mouth agape.

Then Wendy laid her hand on Megan’s tummy. She slowly slid her hand down over Megan’s pants and touched her where Peter Craven had wanted to touch me all those years ago. I giggled. I couldn’t help it! I was really nervous, and I was starting to feel properly drunk. I covered my mouth with my hand so I wouldn’t annoy either of them but when Megan turned her head and looked at me I knew she wasn’t angry. Her cheeks were all pink, like she’d just come out of gym class, and she sounded out of breath, but I didn’t understand why since she wasn’t doing anything, she had just been lying there! 

“Why don’t you come closer Abby?” She whispered it. Again I thought this was a bit odd, since there was only the three of us in the room.

But I was intrigued, so I waddled over on my knees to the side of the bed next to her.

“No, sit down next to Wendy. You won’t be able to see from up here.”

I moved like she said down next to Wendy. There wasn’t room on the bed, so I knelt on the floor. I felt Megan reach for my hand and hold it tightly.

“Now watch.” Wendy commanded.

“The first thing to do is to get yourself really worked up using your fingers.”

I watched, no longer embarrassed as Wendy started rubbing Megan’s knickers. I could see a wet patch forming on them. Wendy stopped and looked at me. “See this wet patch?” she asked as she starting concentrating on it prodding it slowly and gently. “This shows how horny Megan’s getting.” I heard Megan moan gently as I saw Wendy’s finger slip inside her pants. I could only assume that Wendy’s finger was inside Megan now. Megan was really starting to squeeze my hand now, so much so that it was starting to hurt a little. “Ouch! Megan not so tight!” I yelped. She didn’t answer, but she let go of my hand.

“Wendy?” I asked timidly. “What?” “Could you take her pants off so I can see properly?”

Wendy laughed, “Quite the randy little vixen aren’t you!” But she pulled off Megan’s pants straight away. I had never seen a girl’s bits before. I had tried to look at my own in a mirror once but I’d almost hurt myself when I lost my balance and fell over. I was quite surprised at how turned on I got. Megan was a brunette, so I could see her pubic hair really easily. She was pretty hairy but I could still see her lips. They were really swollen. Her pubic hair was slick and wet. She must have been really horny! 

“Now obviously you couldn’t do this yourself,” said Wendy. I wondered what she was going to do; she was moving her head towards Megan’s vagina. Whatever it was Megan liked it because she cried out loud! I hadn’t even noticed that Megan had undone her blouse, but she must have because she now took my hand and put it on her breast!

With her hand on mine, she made me squeeze it softly, then rougher. Then she cried out and moaned at me to squeeze her nipple. So I did. I was so hot now and I was sure my pants were as wet if not wetter than Megan’s had been! 

I slid my hand underneath my knickers and started to rub my clitoris. 

Wendy must have raised her head and watched me because I heard her say so gently, “That’s right baby, play with yourself.” I looked up at her. I didn’t feel embarrassed any more. So I sat up on my knees and leaned over Megan’s head. 

“Are you rubbing your hard little clit?” She moaned. I didn’t answer, I just had this urge to kiss her. So I did. I wasn’t sure if she wanted me too, but se responded almost immediately placing her hand on the back of my head she pulled me hard against her mouth and pushed her tongue into mine. But I had to stop. A buzzing noise had started. I looked up to see Wendy sliding the dildo up and down between Megan’s legs with one hand.

“Oh god!” Megan cried! “Come up here! I want to eat your pussy while you fuck me with your dildo!” 

I assumed she was crying out to Wendy. Which she was. Wendy switched the vibrator off and stood up. I didn’t know what to do so I just sat and watched Wendy get undressed. I’m not surprised Wendy always had lots of boyfriends. She had an amazing figure! And really big boobs. 

She looked over at me and told me to get undressed to. So I did. Megan was playing with herself on the bed whilst we did this. Having them both watch me undress was really erotic.

Once Wendy was naked she climbed above Megan’s face. I wasn’t sure what she was going to do. But then I saw her put her pussy above Megan’s face and I saw Megan stick her tongue out. Then Wendy lowered herself onto it! I watched Wendy’s face contort in what I imagined what pleasure. I was definitely enjoying myself! I had starting playing with my clit again. My fingers were really wet and every movement sent a tingle through my body. 

Wendy was bouncing up and down on Megan’s tongue now.

“Holy shit! That’s it, tongue me! Lick my pussy!” 

I couldn’t believe the words they were both using! 

“Abby” Wendy panted, still bobbing up and down “Come and kneel in front of me so you can watch me fuck this dirty little bitch with my big fat cock!” I went and knelt on the bed between Megan’s legs and watched as Wendy pushed the dildo into her. Megan screamed! She actually screamed!! And she kept on screaming. I assumed that this must be an orgasm! 

“You like that baby!” yelled Wendy. She had stopped bobbing now. “Yes!” cried Megan, “Lick me, suck my cum!” So Wendy bend her head and I could see her mouth covering Megan’s soaking pussy. I moved round the other end so I could watch Megan’s face, but I think I was too late. Because she was licking Wendy’s pussy. Or so I thought! Then I noticed that she was actually sticking her tongue in Wendy’s ass!!!

That really shocked me! But not for long, because then Megan looked at me and told me to sit where I had seen Wendy sit! I was really excited! So I did exactly as I had seen Wendy do. Wendy had turned round too and she started to kiss my neck. I felt her hands touch my boobs and felt a tremor run through my clitoris. Just as I sat there, crouched over Megan’s face, with Wendy’s hands roaming all over my body, waiting for the first touch of something other than my own fingers on me the door opened!