 Author's Note: This is my first submission. It is the first of five parts, the latter ones being much shorter than this. All characters are fictional. 

On Geography: Most of the events here take place in Manhattan and just north of New York City. A quick look at a map will show where Tuckahoe, Bronxville, and the Sarah Lawrence section of Yonkers are, all just north of the Bronx. Also, New Yorkers tend to drop "Street" and "Avenue"—e.g., "thirty-third and third"—and refer to trains by their number or letter, most famously the "A Train." "I-80" refers to an Interstate Highway that goes from a few miles west of the George Washington Bridge—it diverges from I-95, which goes from the tip of Florida to Maine—to San Francisco. 

Special thanks to CareyThomas, who kindly reviewed drafts of this. Her two New York-centric stories, "A Ghost of a Chance" and "Could You Be Mine?," are among my favorites and warrant multiple readings; there are a number of easter-egg references to those stories in this and later parts, all intended in appreciation for the originals. 

The Heallys Part I: Coming to New York 

Suzanne: Meeting Kerry 

Annie Baxter was not a morning person so I took no offense when her response to my waking her with a nudge was a petulant "WHAT?" I'd just pulled into a rest stop along I-80 about 50 miles east of our home in the Bay Area. "Get me a coffee and I'll be good," she added apologetically. 

She was my longest and best friend, and we were driving to New York for the first time. She was going to business school at Columbia and I was beginning at its law school. We'd grown up in Mill Valley, a northern suburb of San Francisco, and she was a Berkeley grad. I'd gone to Stanford. 

My name is Suzanne Nelson. I am of average height with long dark-brown hair and a bit on the thin side and were you to ask me to tell you something particular about myself it would be that I was a pretty decent runner, good enough to run on Stanford's women's cross-country and track teams but nowhere good enough to think of seeking a pro contract. I was also realistic and confident enough to avoid the eating disorders that too many of my classmates fought through. 

My mother did a lot of charitable work, and my father was a lawyer, a partner in one of Silicon Valley's preferred law firms, and that—and perhaps a desire to delay when I had to get a real job—led me to apply to law school. While I did not get into Harvard or Yale, I picked Columbia over Stanford so I could have an adventure in New York, across the country from where I'd lived my entire first twenty-two years. And there were unspoken reasons I did not want to remain in California. 

Hence my getting coffee for Annie early on August 16, 2016 at a rest stop on I-80 about 50 miles east of San Francisco. 

Why were we driving? And what were we to do with a car in Manhattan? Well, it was easier for Annie and me to bring our stuff and, as to the particulars, my Aunt Mary lived in Yonkers, near Sarah Lawrence College, and offered her driveway as a place to park my hand-me-down tan Camry. Since Yonkers is just north of the City, the car'd be close enough for occasional weekend trips. I'd never been to New York—nor had Annie—and having the car would help us explore. 

I didn't tell my parents where I'd be parking it. They thought it was at a friend-of-a-teammate's house, but I'm getting ahead of myself. Back to the drive. 

Annie and I used a system: Alternating ninety-minute shifts driving with a half-hour break after we each did two stints. Then stop for the night at a motel near I-80—we'd be on that road all the way until we were about to cross into Manhattan—after the clock hit 9pm. With just under 3,000 miles to cover, we figured it'd take us about four or five days. Annie was the only person I could do such a thing with although even that was strained by the third day. By then even we had run out of things to talk about and we each kind of dwelled in our own worlds, listening to random music and podcasts. This changed when we were about halfway across New Jersey. Then the excitement rebuilt. 

I was driving the final stretch. Over the George Washington Bridge, down to 96th Street, south on Central Park West, and a right on West 87th Street. We were suddenly actually in a place I'd seen a million times on TV and in movies. Corny I know, but undeniable. And the Park was right there. 

As I double-parked in front of number 17, an attractive woman, mid-fifties, wearing khaki shorts and a pink polo shirt, about my height but not as slim, with mid-length dark hair, rose from the stoop, waited for us, and gave me a tight hug when I reached the sidewalk. 

This was my Aunt Mary. I had not seen her in almost six years. I'd texted her when we were about an hour outside the City. She had the keys for Apartment 2A, our Apartment, a furnished two-bedroom in a brownstone. Annie and I had lucked out in finding the place, through my Aunt's efforts. The three of us brought our stuff upstairs and I took the train and subway back after I went with Aunt Mary to drop the car off at her place, with Annie staying to start organizing what we had. Pizza and beer for our first dinner. 

Now, a bit over a week later, Annie and I were moved in and I was sitting in the back row of a large semi-circular classroom at Columbia Law School staring at the neck and left ear of the woman sitting in front of me. It was Wednesday, August 31, and my third day of school. 

I knew that one of the things you want to do when you start law school is get into a study group. It's an informal group of four or five classmates who go over course material and prepare for exams together. I knew no one. There seemed to be networks of Ivy League and Little Ivy League and Seven Sister students but I didn't recognize anyone from Stanford. The brunette I was staring at and who was making it hard for me to focus also looked to be friendless, and her Columbia backpack was too new to have seen any duty in college. I figured it was a recent acquisition and that she was not among the undergrad Ivy Leaguers. 

As she stood when class was over I reached over the long desk that separated us, hoping she had not been taken. She turned and her initial surprise turned into a smile as she said, "Hi." 

"Can I have a word?" My god that was too formal. I sounded like the principal. After she said "sure" we met at the aisle and found a quiet spot in the hallway, away from the din of all the other conversations that echoed through the low-ceilinged hall. 

"Are you in a study group?" 

"Sorry?" 

"A study group. You looked like me, another lost soul who didn't know anyone else here and you look smart so I thought I'd ask." 

"I look sharp?" she replied, "You mean like from the cover of Vogue?" running her hands down her front to display her t-shirt and faded jeans, and she smiled and I knew I needed to be in her group. And she gave me a mock slap when I replied, "Well, maybe T-Shirt Illustrated." Turning serious she said, "not yet but I don't live on campus so I don't know if I can find one that works." 

"I'm Suzanne Nelson, I'm from California, and I don't live on campus either." 

"Kerry Neally. Looks like we're in the same group. But when I said off-campus I meant I live at home in the suburbs with my Mom and commute into school each morning." 

She seemed embarrassed, especially when she added, "my Mom insists that I use this lame Columbia backpack." 

"At least you have a Mom that cares," I said quietly without thinking but recovered with "I'm sure we could work something out. Lunch?" 

Kerry: Meeting Suzanne 

I noticed her at orientation and now I was sitting across from her having a burger and fries at a coffee shop on Amsterdam Avenue, a few blocks north of the law school, itself a relatively modern building at Amsterdam and 116th Street, to the eastern edge of the Columbia campus. She had a cheeseburger, fries, and a milkshake, which was strange because she looked like she never ate anything but salad. It would be a while before I confessed to her that I sat where I did in class to be near her; there was something about her that caused me to want to be near her. 

Over lunch I gave her my mini-bio. Grew up in Tuckahoe, just north of the City—at this she interrupted and said her Aunt lives just north of the City and we established that in fact her Aunt lived a couple of miles from me—and still live in the house with my Mom. My Dad died when I was sixteen, and my Mom never remarried. I am an only child but have plenty of cousins in the area. I went to Fordham in the Bronx, and I did well enough to get into Columbia Law. No boyfriend since I broke up with Steven when I was a senior at Fordham; he was a junior who returned to a high-school friend over the Christmas break. And not many boyfriends before that. I said my plan was to take the train in every morning since it took less than an hour and I could stay with my Mom and save a ton of money. 

Much as I felt comfortable with her that first day, I was not comfortable enough, or brave enough, to fill in many of the details. Those details, which she'd come to learn over time, were as follows. My parents met in Brooklyn before it was "Brooklyn" and moved to the suburbs when they married. Both were alcoholics. Booze killed my Dad in 2010. I was a junior in high school. He simply wasted away and then was gone. My Mom never recovered. She was still young and very pretty but I don't think she once went out for dinner with another man nor did she develop relationships with other woman, never even going out shopping or to dinner. Instead she devoted herself to me, her only child, to keeping off the booze, and to her job at a small bank in White Plains, the business center about 30 miles north of midtown. Her last drink was a gin-and-tonic she nursed in the hours after everyone but me had gone on the day of her husband's funeral. She just stopped. 

My Dad, Michael, worked for an insurance company in the City. My parents did well enough that we had a four-bedroom colonial on a hill just above the train station. I walked to my Catholic grammar school in my uniform and took the train each day to my Catholic high school in the Bronx, also in my uniform. I was one of the top three or four students in high school, working on the Yearbook and in the drama club and participated in the outreach programs the school sponsored for low-income kids in the neighborhood. 

I was named for the County in southwest Ireland where my parents spent part of their honeymoon and, as I said, I am an only child. 

Exploring my college options, I did not want to be too far from my Mom and I did not want to be in a large university. I enrolled at Fordham University. It's a Jesuit college in the Bronx, and I took the train to the Fordham stop each morning. I was a Political Science major, not sure of what I planned on doing after graduation so like a lot of people I decided to go to law school. 

Socially, not a lot was going on. It didn't help that I commuted and I only had a few friends with whom I'd eat, especially in the nearby Italian neighborhood, and study and go to parties. Over time I sort of drifted away from my high school friends. 

On the romance front, not much to report either. In college, I went out with a few guys and I met my first steady boyfriend early in senior year. Steven was one year behind me in school. He lived on campus and we started hanging out together in early October. He was from Chicago, and I liked him quite a bit and so did my Mom after I brought him to my uncle's house for Thanksgiving. 

I was so very happy with him and I lost my virginity in his dorm room on the Friday before Christmas break. He was more experienced than I was—who wouldn't be?—and he was gentle and kind and I was in love. 

Now I had had plenty of hot-and-heavy sessions with other boys before Steven, always "Steven," in high school and college, but never felt the desire to do anything more than kiss and fondle any of them. I very much desired to do more with Steven who, as I say, was a kind and gentle lover. And, as I say, I was in love. 

He, though, apparently was not. On a Friday night in early February I had planned on staying with him. He got up to go the bathroom after we'd made love. His phone vibrated and I saw it was "Erica." It was after 11. When he came back I said, "you just got a call from Erica." He stopped. "Why the fuck were you looking at my phone?" I'd never heard him curse before and I felt like I'd been slapped. "It's after 11. Your phone vibrated and I saw who was calling. I just wanted to tell you in case it's important" "Sorry," he said, which led me to ask, "Who is Erica, calling after 11?" I mean I wouldn't have asked except for the way he reacted. 

Steven sat next to me, wearing only a towel and me naked below the sheet. "OK. Erica was, . . . is a friend from high school. I saw her last Summer and we got to know one another a bit, before I met you . . ."—now I was staring at him and reaching for my bra and panties—"and I ran into her in town during the break when I was hanging with my friends and we kind of got together after Christmas." He took a breath. "And I went out with her for New Year's and we were both a little drunk and I slept with her. And then I slept with her again when we were both sober." Silence as I waited, putting on my bra. 

"She goes to Penn and I told her that I'd take the train down to see her. I assume that's what she's calling about. I never mentioned you." He got up and tightened the towel and I put my panties on under the sheet. At least he had the decency to turn when I put on my shirt and jeans and shoes. 

Smart and clever and hurt as I was, all I could say as I headed to the door after grabbing my bag from the floor was, "I always knew I wasn't your first and now I know I won't be your last" and then I was gone, catching the final train of the day—now early Saturday morning—home and promptly waking my Mom, us sharing a hot chocolate as I cried. She let me cry, said she was there for me, and tucked me into bed. She never pushed me about Steven and if he was mentioned again, it was only in passing. 

Steven was puppy-eyed for a while when I saw him on campus but after a few weeks I had pretty much erased him as anyone but just another student and spent more time with my other friends for my final semester. And, as I say, my Mom didn't dwell on it. Plus, I was moving on more generally. I had done well on the LSATs and my college grades were good. Although I did not get into Harvard or Yale, Columbia was a yes, which was perfect. Great school and I could commute in under an hour. I could stay with my Mom. 

So August 31 was the third day in which I took the 8:13 to Harlem-125th Street and the M60 bus to Amsterdam Avenue and 120th Street and the first day in which I was sitting in a coffee shop on Amsterdam having lunch with Suzanne Nelson. I immediately called her Suze. She seemed to like that; no one else called her that. 

Suze: Meeting Mary 

Kerry and I got three other first-years to join our study group. Mike and Bill had gone to Penn together and Marie was a Vassar grad. We met them chatting in the hall after Legal Method on Thursday and agreed to an every-other-week schedule to start, alternating between Mike's and Marie's dorm rooms after class on Wednesdays. We all had the same course load and schedule and figured we could up the frequency as we got deeper into the term. 

Kerry and I took to having our brown-bag lunches together each day and we sat next to one another in each of our classes. Between classes, we'd quietly prepare for the next one in the library or outside on a campus bench. After each day's final class, I'd head down to my Apartment on 87th Street, usually taking the bus but walking when the weather was nice, and she'd hop the bus to 125th Street for her twenty-minute train ride home. 

At the same time, Annie and I tried to get the car every two or three weeks, and we'd head up north through farmland surprisingly close to the City and reminiscent of drives back home. For her part, Annie was loving business school, not least because classmates seemed to find her California disposition and blondeness alluring. More important, she was challenged yet comfortable with the class material. We often walked or took the bus to school—about a mile-and-a-half—together. 

We both knew, though, that we were changing. It was not just that I had thrown myself into my work. More, it was that I was throwing myself into my friendship with Kerry. Annie knew more about me in some respects than I think I knew myself and never then and never since did she give me a hint of jealousy that Kerry was replacing her as my best friend and in fact I don't think Annie ever felt the slightest tinge of jealousy, which was another reason I loved her so much. 

By mid-October, I felt comfortable enough with Kerry to talk a bit more about Mary, my Aunt. Kerry knew about Aunt Mary because she knew that that's where I parked my car. She and my father were my paternal grandparents' only children. My grandpa was a lawyer too and my grandma was a housewife. They also lived in Mill Valley, in a large house off Blithedale. It was far too big for the four of them, but my father's birth had been difficult, and my grandma never got the big family she wanted. There was a lot of empty space in that house. My father's parents died in a car accident shortly after I was born, and that old, big house was sold. Growing up, my father sometimes took a detour to drive past it, slowing a bit without saying anything. When he spoke about them at all, it was to say that "They are in a better place." 

When my father was in high school, so I was told when I was in high school, my Aunt moved to New York. I didn't know my father had a sister until then. She was, again I was told, a "free spirit" who had turned that spirit into paying jobs as a journalist and short-story writer, with bylines in Time and other magazines and a number of short stories in The New Yorker. 

So, I knew of her existence but I'm ashamed to say that I made no effort to contact her. Here was my father's only sibling, the only living member of his family, and for all intents and purposes he was an only child. And I never thought to ask about her or to find out what her phone number was. Or anything. 

Then I met her at Thanksgiving in 2010, a couple of years after I learned of her, and had my first talk with her at lunch in town the next day, which turned into the most wonderful meal I ever had, for a few years at least. And when I told her how horrible I felt for how I treated her—or actually didn't treat her—she waved it off, saying, "Think of it as having suddenly discovered a long-lost relative. Living in New York." And I laughed with her. "I don't have loads of money, though, so don't expect to suddenly learn that you've inherited a boatload of cash. Plus, I have two boys." 

That stopped me cold. I have cousins on my father's side? There were plenty on my mother's since she had two brothers and two sisters and they were all married and had kids and we'd see them at Christmas and on birthdays and we always had fun together. But, as I said, my father was like an only child. We were the poster family for happy Catholic extended family in Marin County. And my Aunt Mary was the black sheep, hidden away in New York. 

I saw that she didn't wear a wedding band and when she noticed she told me that she was gay and had been living with her Betty for nearly ten years. Betty, a psychologist, was married—in those days a woman could only marry a man—and had two boys before her amicable divorce. The kids had been largely raised by Betty and my Aunt with, as I say, amicable visits from their dad, Gerard. 
