 This is the second part of a series. If you have not read the first one please start there. As always I love feedback whether good or bad so please leave me some if you feel like it. 

*****

Day 3

I awoke with sunshine blasting on my face realising I had not closed the blinds correctly. My head throbbed a little after one glass of wine too many in the bar. I quietly rolled over to see that Mum was still sound asleep. I could see that she was sleeping naked, one of her legs was poking out of the bedsheet I looked at her creamy white thigh and my eyes rose up to her partially uncovered buttock. My brain was whirring trying to process what had happened yesterday, seeing my mum passionately entwined with the strange woman and my own experiences and lost opportunities. 

As if sensing my waking eyes my mum rolled over and woke up. She looked at me sheepishly as she adjusted the sheet to cover her full ample breasts. 

"Darling I am so sorry that you saw that last night. Things just got a little carried away, Catherine is one of my oldest friends here and we had not seen each other in so long, and well the wine made me lose track of time."

I could feel my face burning with embarrassment. I had once walked in on my parents while they were having sex, it was an episode that had remained unspoken forever I rather hoped that what I had seen yesterday would have been locked away in the same place. 

I mumbled that it was really ok and got out of bed to make tea so that my blushing would remain hidden. My white nightgown fell around my thighs as I walked across the room. As I poured the water and stirred the teabags, the thoughts would not go away. 

"Whats it like?" I asked. I regretted saying it almost involuntary. 

"What is what like hun?"

"Sex. With another woman?" I could feel my face burning even redder. 

My mum smiled and laughed. "It is heavenly. To be clear I could not be a lesbian and I love your father dearly but for me sex is a big part of the sisterhood and I enjoy it very much." 

I chewed on my lip. My mum looked into my eyes and could see the confusion. 

"Take your time. Explore slowly, if it is not something you want it is no big deal. Just remember whatever you do here, you are in a safe place where you will not be judged." With that she rose from her bed and entered the bathroom. 

My Mentor

By 10AM I was breakfasted and dressed in some regulation black yoga pants and vest. I was on the top floor of the administration building ready to meet the Directing sister. I was a little perturbed to be face to face with someone who had poured oil over my naked body two nights ago. I was promptly asked to enter by the secretary and entered through a door to a plush office suite. The view from the window was spectacular taking in the whole society complex and the countryside beyond. 

The Director rose from her desk and embraced me. She had grey hair that was tied in a bun, she had twinkling blue eyes, based on her wrinkles and hair I guessed she was around 60, she was dressed in a loose fitting red gown (she was the first person I had seen not dressed in regulation black since the first night). 

"Kate its lovely to meet you properly, how are you finding things?" The Director asked

"Its been really good, a little overwhelming at times but I think I am finding my way."

"Good, I am sure with your mother already with us you have a head start on most. She really has been a great sister over the years, between you and me I think she could be taking this job when the time comes. I hope you will also be a credit to our society."

I smiled as she sat me down on a couch and poured coffee for us. We continued to chat for a while about my life, what I wanted to do. She encouraged me to attend a seminar on the work that the Circle was doing and try to see how I can help support the work. 

"It is not all orgasms and yoga here you understand." For about the fifth time today I blushed crimson. 

"Now, the main reason I had asked you here was to talk about your mentor. All Sisters have a mentor in the early years and it is a relationship that usually continues for life. It is an important role. Your mentor will support you but also recommend you for projects or Sister support. As you know if a request is made of you from the sisterhood you have a duty to fulfill it. Your mentor will protect you from requests that are unreasonable or that you cannot meet. For that reason she needs to know you well." 

The Director pressed a button within a few minutes a woman entered dressed similar to me. 

"Kate I would like you to meet Louise. I have given this a lot of thought and I think you will be a good match. Louise has been a sister for 15 years and the time is right for her to take on a mentor role."

Louise and I hugged. She was taller than me, about 5'7, Dark hair deep brown eyes, and darker complexion almost Mediterranean. I could see that she had large breasts and hips but seemed to be fit. 

"Now children go and be nice to each other. I remind you both that your pairing is a suggestion, be honest if you do not feel it will work just let us know and we will think again."

With that Louise and I left the plush office. Once the door closed she puffed out her cheeks. 

"Its like seeing the headteacher." she giggled. "Want to get coffee?"

We went to one of the 3 restaurants and sat outside on a terrace over looking the pond. We drank coffee and chatted about our lives. I learned that Louise was an accountant for a big firm and was married with one child. At 38 she oozed a natural confidence that I really liked and I could feel myself warming to her quickly. 

I asked if she wanted to get lunch and she told me that she had an activity booked for 1PM and was going to eat later. 

"What are you doing?" I asked. 

She smiled and looked a little embarrassed. "It's called dark embrace, it's of the pink list. Have you tried any off there?"

I thought the urge to blush again. "I tried the inner light yesterday, it was amazing."

"ooh yes I love that one I do that every year. But the dark embrace is my favourite." Louise bit her lip and looked into my eyes. "would you like to come along and try?"

I paused. The anxiety that had gripped me over the last 12 hours was starting to melt away. Louise had totally relaxed me with her exotic eyes and easy confident manner. 

"Yes, I would like that." I said, not quite able to meet her eyes although I was very aware of how intently she was looking at me. 

The Dark Embrace. 

Louise led me across the campus. Under a tree was a staircase that led down underground. Already sisters were starting to descend. I followed Louise as she stepped down. A rocky arch marked where the sunlight gave way to soft warm low electric lighting. We kept walking down what must have been three flights of stairs. It felt like we were entering deep into the earth. The stairway opened up into a large chamber laid out with benches. There were roughly fifty sisters already gathered there. 

Louise guided me to a bench. Around me sisters were already naked or undressing. Louise started to undress next to me and I followed suit. She removed her top and revealed her soft honey skin and a white bra. Her belly was soft but taught, it was obvious that she had had children but was in good shape. She unclipped her bra and her large breasts spilled out. I guessed that they were F cups, released they sagged slightly but still looked amazing, her nipples were thick and dark brown. Once naked I looked unashamed at her body, her waist widened to her hips, her bush was dark and thick and I could see from my seated position how her lips protruded. I could see that she was also looking at me and for the first time in my life I received another's gaze on my naked body without fear or embarrassment. I felt liberated. 

We started to gather around a door that led from the chamber. As I looked around the room my stomach tightened as I saw my mother was here and she quickly caught my eye. She approached me quickly across the room. I watched as her heavy breasts swung as she approached. She embraced me I was aware of how her nipple grazed my own. 

"I am so sorry I did not know you were coming to this. Everything I booked I have always checked you were not there." She whispered.

"This was kind of spur of the moment." I replied and nodded towards Louise.

My mother nodded hello in her direction. 

"Well let's not let it spoil things. When we get in there I will go left and you right. That way we will be out of each other's way." she said.

Without knowing what I was getting into I nodded agreement and watched as my mother retreated to her friend. I wondered as she re-joined her if that was the lady I had seen her with the previous night. 

My thoughts were broken as large doors swung open and over fifty naked sisters moved forward. Lousie held my hand as we entered what seemed to be a dark cave. The floor felt soft underfoot and the room was lovely and warm. Louise led me to the side of the dark chamber and we settled in a spot on the floor. The chamber was full, there was not much space between each person or group. As I knelt down I realised the floor was lined with a cushioned lining.

Louise and I lay on the ground holding hands as other sisters lay all around. The lighting started to dim as attendants started to move around the room. The now familiar oil was poured all over our bodies by the attendants. One stood over me and emptied a ladle of oil all over my body it was warm and delicious. As the oil pouring continued sound entered the chamber. It was something not easy to describe, like a natural hum, being this far underground made me imagine it was the earths heartbeat that filled the room. 

As the attendants poured the last of the oil and moved to one side the last of the light left the room. Then nothing. The only thing that existed was my breathing, the sound and the warmth of Lousie's hand in mine. The oil seeping between our fingers. 

We lay like that for what could have been hours I may even have dosed off. After a while I was aware that Louise had let go of my hand and was now caressing my arm and my side. The oil heightening the sensation. I reached out my own hand and felt a thrill when I made contact with her soft skin. 

The sound of movement started to fill the room. Louise's hand started to caress my stomach and moved down towards my pussy. I was another distant hand had grasped my ankle and started to massage my calf. As I sighed as Louise's fingers started to delve between my legs emboldened, I reached out and delved my fingers into the curled of her pubic hair and down towards her lips. I felt satisfied when my caress caused her to groan. 

We lay this way for an eternity the darkness of the room and the scent of the oil heightened the sense of touch. It was pure bliss as I could feel my orgasm starting to build from Louise gently teasing my clitoris. I had raised and opened my legs wide the hand that was massaging my calf had now gripped the other with her other hand. I was aware that the top of her head was very close to my vagina and occasionally her hair tickled me, it was clear she was receiving pleasure from a distant sister. 

The disorientation of the room made it harder to keep track of what was happening around me. Louise's hand was teasing me higher but then a surprise came to me. Whoever was giving pleasure to my new distant friend had slithered up to lie on top of her. Now aware of my presence she buried her head between my legs and started to lick me. Louise's fingers moved away and rested on my stomach. 

It was not the first time I had received oral sex but the first time from a woman. Her tongue knew instinctively the rhythm and pace I needed and very quickly an orgasm started to let go. Quickly she slid up on top of me, the oil allowed her to slide easily. Our vaginas met and she started to grind her mound onto my slit. Her tongue found my mouth and I could taste myself (and who else?) on her tongue. A delicious orgasm was pulsing through me but as I felt her hard nipples grazing my own I convulsed in pleasure and screamed loudly, aware that my new friend had also reached her own peak. As we came down, we embraced, the warmth of the oil and soft caresses created a feeling of love. I searched for their face but the complete lack of light meant that I would never know who I had just shared this lovely moment with. 

My unseen lover slid off me and disappeared. I lay motionless for a moment disconnected from the throng. Occasionally I would feel a touch or a hand fleet past, once an entire body slid across me lubricated by the oil that was now all over me and the floor. Gradually I recovered from my intense orgasm and the sounds of sex was once again firing me up. I began to move sensing where the mass of people was. My face made contact with flesh and i reached out to explore what I had found. 

It was an amazing experience to explore somebody sexually without being able to see them my hands caressed a slim taught body, I felt tiny breasts and very hard nipples. My new discovery sighed with each caress. I reached down towards her vagina but discovered there was already a hand of another exploring there. I continued to explore along this new arm caressing her and feeling as I went. I discovered that my small breasted discovery was at the start of a chain of five sisters all pleasuring one another each not knowing they were now part of a much larger organism. 

At the end of the line I discovered an unattended pussy and started to rub and finger. My new friend felt a little larger and more filled out I enjoyed exploring her oiled body feeling how her flesh moved. i began circling her clit with my thumb as I lay below her. My mind was filled with how amazing it was that I was sending pleasure not just to one person but I was the start of a chain. 

Very quickly i felt hands reaching out and caressing me. I felt hands begin to caress my hips. One hand snaked between my legs and began to urgently rub me. Clearly the sister was highly aroused and a little ahead of where I was. Her urgent rubbing was quickly catching me up and I increased my own hand in sync. 

On either side I felt bodies closing in, it seemed all the sisters were coming together as a single sexual being. One person was lying across me I felt her breasts upon my stomach. A hand had reached out and was caressing and squeezing one of my breasts. I kept one hand rubbing the clit of my new fleshy partner but reached my other hand out to further connect us. All I made contact with was the top of a head but I began to tenderly stroke her. Between my legs my new frantic lover began to penetrate me with her fingers. 

Her style was more direct and less tender than I was used to but the surprise and variety was new and exciting. The sound of orgasm and pleasure was reverberating loudly across the room. A second finger was inserted me and began to thrust inside me, each inward thrust hitting the right spot inside. Very quickly my own orgasm began to rage and then explode outwards. I began to make noises that I have never before. Usually my orgasms are intense explosions that happen and pass very quickly but this just rolled and continued for what felt like a very long time. 

After a while I hand to reach down and remove my digital invader. I lay in a sense of bliss with naked pleasure all around me. I was a aware that a gentle cymbal had begun to sound and light was slowly starting to return. The sexual organism began to break up as we returned to our individual selves. I lay in the floor enjoying the feeling of the oil and the heat. I looked around me now with a enough light to just about see. I was aware that I had actually crossed the chamber so the plan of left and right for mum and me might not have worked out. I quashed the thought as I did not what to complicate what was a magical experience. 

Slowly some sisters stood shakily to their feet and began to leave the chamber. I was aware of someone standing over me and looked up to see Lousie with her hand outstretched. I took it and stood. She had the same delirious look on her face and was flushed. Her hair was a mess but she looked like I felt. Totally happy. 

We held hands as we walked from the chamber. We entered a very large shower room and she stepped under a shower and drew me close to her as the warm water rained down. 

"What did you think?" Lousie asked with a huge grin. 

I giggled next to her and reached out with the soap and began to wash the oil from her breasts. 

"Probably the most amazing experience of my life." I answered. Perhaps with some honest exaggeration. 

The pleasure of the experience had unlocked all of the pent-up anxiety inside me and I embraced the feeling. 

Lousie moved towards me and began to kiss me passionately the shower water pouring warmly over us. Lousie turned me around so I was facing away and began to soap my back, shoulders and bum. I looked around the room to see many similar scenes. Couples or thruples under showers continuing the pleasure that began in the chamber. Louise reached around and pulled me into her as she began to soap and play with my breasts and nipples. I could feel her own breasts and bush pressing into my back. 

My eyes were drawn to the door as my Mother and her friend entered the shower room. She looked across at me and smiled and gave a contented nod of encouragement. Lousie moved one hand from my breast and snaked it down my back. She bent me forward slightly. Her fingers stroked up and down and between my buttocks. I gasped as her nails and finger tips brushed my anus. She stroked lower and began to penetrate my pussy. 

I surveyed the room as my mentor began to fuck me from behind in the shower. She inserted two fingers but encouraged by my already used state and the oil she quickly added a third finger. I was stretched more than I had ever been in my life. I watched as across the room my Mothers friend lay on her back on one of the benches as my mother immediately straddled her face. The weirdness of the situation registered somewhere but not enough to put me off. 

Lousie's probing pace increased. Her other arm was still around me holding my right breast firmly.

An African sister approached us and sat on the bench in front of us and watched our movements intently "Is this ok?" she whispered. 

I could not speak but nodded consent. Our eyes locked as Louise fucked me and my new watcher began to touch herself. Her body was incredibly dark. She had beautiful large breasts and opened her legs to reveal her inner pinkness. She began to finger herself her eyes drinking in the view of myself and Louise. 

Very quickly my third orgasm of the morning arrived. It was not as intense as the previous two but it was beautiful sight as my new watcher also found pleasure from watching mine. 

I stood back up and turned. Fully ready to return the favour to Lousie. She shook her head and kissed me. 

"I think I have had all the action I can cope with for now but I would like if we could have dinner tonight and maybe carry this on?"

"I would love to do that." I said as I again kissed her deeply. 

To Be Continued...