 It was Friday afternoon and I was so looking forward to another night with John. Work kept me busy and I had to skip lunch, which was OK because I knew we were going to have a big dinner. More importantly, we were going to have some great dessert—each other. I've been looking forward to our date for days and avoided masturbating to save all my sexual energy for a good long fuck session.

Once I got home, I undressed and took a long shower. Flipping through the clothes hanging in my closest, I picked out a cute outfit, brushed my hair and put on my make-up. Checking myself out in the mirror, I thought to myself, damn, I looked pretty good and I knew John would think so too.

It was nearly 7, I was starving and ready to meet John. I walked out of my apartment and saw him sitting in his old pickup, waiting. I walked up, opened the door and jumped in, startling him. He gave me a blank look then stared ahead.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

He sighed, looked down, then straight ahead. Without looking as me he said, "We have to talk."

"About what?" I asked, fearing the worst.

"Us," he said.

"Maybe we should see other people."

"What?" I asked, taken back by his cliché of a reply. That confirmed it. This was the break up speech. I wasn't ready for it and it hit me like a freight train.

He reached down by the center console to pull a bottle from the six pack and twisted the cap off before taking a long pull. I did too, keeping my eyes on him waiting for his next words.

"I don't know, it's just..." then he sighed before blurting out, "I've been seeing someone else." He went on trying to explain how they met and fell for each other or something like that. It was all a blur. I couldn't listen or comprehend what was going on. Tipping my bottle up, I quickly sucked down the last swill and grabbed another one and began downing it. John was still talking, looking straight forward.

By the time I hit bottom on my second bottle I had heard enough. Turning away, I opened the door and got out, slamming the door behind me. I began the walk of shame, slowly trudging across the parking lot and onto the pathway that lead back to my apartment. Somewhere in the distance behind me, the engine of his pickup turned over.

I thought back in my mind about our times together. What did I do wrong? Wasn't I good enough? I just couldn't get over that he found someone else and that I've been replaced by someone better. What did she have that I didn't? Was she prettier? More likeable? Did she have a better body or was she better in bed? 

I stared down at the ground, unable to hold my head up, watching drops darken the ground every few feet as I wearily tread forward.

Someone appeared off to my left but I ignored them.

"Are you OK?" I heard a woman's voice ask.

I lifted my head slightly and turned towards her, sending streams of water run down my cheeks. She appeared blurry through my watery eyes. I ran my forearm across my face to wipe away the tears then looked at her again, recognizing her as my neighbor, Marcia. I didn't know her well but we had spoken a few times when our paths crossed and in the laundry room. My spirit, ego and my very heart was just snuffed out and I would just as soon be left alone. I simply nodded, pretending I was OK. 

She approached me and gently reached out, holding my forearms. I dropped my head and she bent down a little to look up at me.

"Ahhh...you're a mess. Come inside and let me clean you up," she said as she took my hand in hers and lead me inside her apartment just a few feet away. I stepped inside and she dropped my hand. I just stood there as I watched her grab a couple of tissues. I could feel the tears running down my cheeks and my nose was running over my lips. I was a mess.

She wiped my cheeks and handed me a tissue so I could blow my nose, making a loud noise as I did. I wadded the tissue up and gave it back to her and she tossed it into the nearby trash can.

She looked at me with sorry eyes. "What happened?"

I looked back for a long while, trying to find the strength to say that I've been replaced. Looking at her, I could only mumble "My boyfriend dumped me" as I broke out into another sob.

"Ohh, honey. I'm so sorry," she said as she slowly approached me and gave me a gentle hug. I hugged her back and openly wept on her shoulder. She held me for several minutes as I stood there and cried. 

She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me close. I held her, then rested my head on her shoulder. It felt good to hold someone. I just sat there and cried, holding on to her for support. 

After a few minutes she lightly whispered in my ear, "Shhh...it's OK." She pulled back away, yet held my arms. "I still think you're beautiful."

My face was a mess and no doubt streaked with my tears, but her kind words hit home and I managed to produce a little smile. "Thanks," I said, between sobs, then gave her a tight hug. She responded and held me tight this time, resting her head against mine. I ran my hands a little around her back, enjoying her warmth and affection.

Minutes later she loosened her grip around me and her eyes looked into mine for the longest time, offering solace. Her hand lifted to my face and her fingers gently brushed aside strands of hair dangling over my eyes. Her fingers then combed my hair back and she brought her face close to mine and pressed her lips against my forehead. She slowly pulled away and again we looked into each other's eyes as her fingers gently touched my forehead, then followed its contour down to my chin, lightly stroking it along the way.

I closed my eyes, enjoying her touch. She repeated the gesture with her left hand on the right side of my face and her touch felt so good. My eyes were still closed when I felt her lips press against my cheek. I felt like I was a little girl again being consoled by the hugs and kisses from my mother, whose matronly affection always warmed my heart and spirits. 

Her nose slide across my face as her lips moved from one spot to the next, delivering a small peck with each landing. Her lips moved across my cheek to my forehead, then back down. Ever so slow and gentle their touch soothed me, easing my sorrow. 

My eyes were still closed as her lips brushed against mine. They puckered, slowly parted and lightly sucked in my upper lip then released it. The tip of her tongue reached out to touch my lips, wetting them slightly before retreating back inside her mouth. She opened her mouth and pressed it against mine as the tip of her tongue slid in between my lips. I relaxed, allowing my lips to part and accepted her tongue. My jaw relaxed and her tongue entered my mouth, pushing past my teeth. Then her tongue met mine, sending a bolt of electricity shot through my body. At that moment, I was no longer being consoled by a mother figure, I was in the arms of woman, caring and sexually wanting. Now cognizant of her warm body, I listened to her breathing and felt her breasts rhythmically pressing against mine. I held her tighter as her kiss went deeper. I wanted more, so I opened my mouth and ran my tongue around hers, returning her kiss.

Her hands glided over my body as she pulled me closer to her, driving her tongue ever deeper inside my mouth. It felt so good to be with someone and more importantly, wanted.

Her hands ran all over my back, down my sides and back around me, then let go. We parted for a moment. I looked into her eyes and saw lust and desire. Something deep inside stirred and I wanted more of her. She pulled me tight again, causing our bodies to collide as she delivered another deep and powerful kiss. Her hands continued to explore my back and one of them went down over my hip. The tips of her fingers felt their way under the seam of my pants and panties. Once they found skin, they continued down, spreading out across my naked ass. She grabbed as much of my flesh as she could, squeezing my cheek as she pulled me towards her as we continued our passionate kiss. Before I knew it, her other hand joined the first, and now both hands covered my rear. Next, I felt them rise up, lifting the bottom of my shirt up. I raised my arms up to allow my top to slide off.

Her hands were now against the bare skin of my back and I enjoyed the touch of her fingers and the light scratching of her nails. They met in the middle and I felt the tension on my chest give way as my bra strap was unclasped. She pulled away and looked deep into my eyes as a warm and friendly smile grew on her face. Her hand reached out at took mine, pulling me through the doorway into the bedroom before turning to face me. 

Her arms tightened around me as she delivered another kiss then walked forward, pushing me backwards. I took one or two steps backward before the bed stopped me and I fell backwards onto it, lightly bouncing on its soft top, my arms splayed above my head. She landed on top of me then continued our kiss, only this time, her lips followed my jawline and went down my neck and under my chin. I just loved being kissed there and I lifted my head up and back, giving her better access to the soft underside of my neck.

She lifted off me for a moment as her hands took the bottom of my bra and lifted it up and over my arms. My eyes continued to gaze into her eyes as my breasts fell free. She looked down at them and her eyes widened as her hands rose up to cup and lift my breasts, then gently caress them. 

She descended on my left breast, opening her mouth and taking my nipple inside. Her tongue ran over my areola and around my nipple, flicking it with each pass. She locked her lips on my breast then drew her head back, pulling it outward as she did. My breast slowly slid out of her mouth until only my nipple remained between her lips, stretched out until the suction could no longer hold it. Finally, my nipple popped out, making a noise as my breast plopped back down, jiggling as it did, covered in her saliva. Her mouth again fell on my breast and she continued to attack it, squeezing it so my nipple stuck out further.

Her tit sucking was turning me on like crazy and I wanted more. I arched my back slightly bringing my breasts closer to her mouth. Both of my nipples stood out from my firm boobs and I could feel my clit growing hard and my pussy getting wet.

Both of her hands caressed and kneaded my breasts as her mouth took turns latching onto them. Looking down I could see her red lips around my pale skin, drawn tight as she sucked as much of my breast into her mouth. When not in her mouth, the tips of her fingers flicked, pinched and fondled my nipples. She worked on my breasts for what seemed like an eternity causing me to squirm with desire.

Her hands left my breasts then trailed down my sides. Her mouth followed, kissing the bare skin of my stomach on its way down. When her hands reached the seam of my pants they continued downward, taking my pants and panties with them. I raised my hips and legs briefly as she slipped them off, along with my shoes. I was now on my back, laying on the bed completely naked before this woman. 

There I lay, as she looked down at my nude body, delivering another reassuring smile. She lowered her head to deliver a kiss to my thigh, but above my knee. She moved an inch at time up my leg, delivering a light peck along the way, back and forth from one leg to the other, teasing me. When she reached the top she lightly kissed my bush and lowered her chin between my legs. I spread them for her, opening up my pink wet and waiting pussy. I closed my eyes and could smell my hot scent and imagined how strong the scent was down there.

Her lips left my inner thigh for a moment, prompting me look down at her. Her gaze met mine, then she again lowered her head between my legs. I felt cool air as she blew over my lips, then her lips brushed against my labia. Finally, I felt her tongue touch my womanhood, causing me to gasp and close my eyes. I wanted her, needed her. I had built up sexual energy that needed to be released and I needed it now. I needed her tongue to lick and her mouth eat my pussy.

Her lips pressed against my labia and her tongue followed. Her touch was light and gentle, but I needed more. I reached down with both hands and with my index and forefingers, pulled my labia and lips apart as I bent my legs and lifted them higher, spreading myself as wide as I could, wanting her, inviting her to dive in.

My lips were now gaping open and my pink flesh completely exposed. I could feel her warm breath on my sensitive flesh as she approached. Her wet tongue then flicked my clit and began bending it back and forth, just like she had done to my nipples. Her tongue then swirled around, putting more pressure on my little bud. My clit stood out and remained firm and sensitive as each pass of her tongue sent a wave of ecstasy through my body.

My breathing became deep and labored as my loins, now in a high state of arousal, were drawing close to an orgasm. My hips began to thrust, first involuntarily then I thrust them up and down, trying to match the rhythm of her tongue. Finally, I could feel swelling between my legs and my body grew numb. I stopped breathing momentarily and tried to catch my breath as an orgasm swept through my body, freezing time as my body convulsed, went rigid, then spasmed as I cried out. 

My orgasm only provided her with the incentive to work harder. I felt the pressure of her lips on my pussy and her tongue running all around my clit, licking it, flicking it, touching it. Moments later, I felt my body shudder again with another orgasm as she continued her attack on my pussy. I was now breathing hard, my head tilted back and my eyes closed, my firm breasts quickly rising and falling with each gasp. My body was covered in sweat yet the stimulation coming from between my legs just felt so good.

Her tongue broke its rhythm and its width ran down to my vagina, then thrust inside. I hadn't felt that before and her tongue diving inside my hole took me by surprise, but felt good. She withdrew her tongue back inside her mouth, then licked her lips, tasting my juices before driving her tongue in for more. Moments, later, her tongue run back up to my clit and worked faster and harder. I spread my legs as far as I could and began groaning louder. My orgasm built up and once more I came, hard this time as I let out a loud scream.

She stopped and pulled her head away. My muscles of my body relaxed as I went limp. I closed my eyes were closed and I tried to catch my breath. A moment later, I looked down between my breasts and erect nipples and saw her between my legs, her tongue swirling around her wet lips, smiling back at me. I closed my eyes and rested my head back down on the bed.

****

Light from a crack between the window and shade began to shine through, slowly rousing me from my deep sleep. After a few minutes of tossing and turning, I slowly opened my eyes and looked around. The room looked like mine, but was furnished differently. I sat up and glanced around; something wasn't right. Looking down I realized I was naked, then I scanned the covers to find I was alone and in a different bed. I thought back for a moment, slowly recalling the night before. Moments later I called out, "Marcia. Marcia?" but received no answer.

All of the apartments in our complex were the same, so I knew the layout. I pulled the sheets off then rose up out of the bed to use the bathroom. After flushing, I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror. What a night I said to myself. My hair was a tangled mess and makeup was trashed and I looked like hell, but then, I felt so good. I ran the events of the night before through my head, thinking of her eating me out—a woman going down on me. I had never been with a woman before. I had fantasized about it in the past and wondered what it would be like, but never thought it would actually happen.

She knew just how to do it—a woman's touch that was just as good if not better than any man. Wow, another woman I told myself. I couldn't get over it. Not only did I thoroughly enjoyed it, the idea of a woman doing it turned me on even more. My mind began to wonder about Marcia and about women in general and their bodies. I drifted back, recalling images of naked women I had seen over the years. I had never thought of them before in a sexual context, but now as I played them back in my mind, I thought about their breasts, ass and pussy. I thought of the women I had seen—some had a thick bush while others were shaved clean. I thought about their breasts and thought back about seeing women with large boobs, leaning forward, their breasts hanging down like two liter bottles, swaying back and forth. Some had nice tight asses too.

I stood before the mirror, looking at my own naked body, imaging it was another woman. My hands reached up and cupped my breasts, running my fingers across my nipples. I lifted my breasts up and down, watching them jiggle, then pulled on my nipples making my areolas bumpy and my nipples stiff. I looked at them in the mirror imaging the face of the woman whose breasts I was fondling. Marcia's face came to mind and I imagined her eyes closed and mouth open as I fondled, licked and sucked her tits and the pleasure it would give her.

Curious, I looking down at my chest, wondering if I could suck my own nipples as I've heard I other women could do. I lifted my right breast towards my mouth and squeezed it, trying to get it to rise as high as I could get it only to find it came up just short of my mouth. I stuck my tongue out and could just touch its tip to my nipple. The feeling of my tongue on my nipple excited me and even more so when I thought of doing it to another woman. After a minute or two, I tried it with my left breast and found I could get it a little closer. I pulled and lifted it as hard as I could and was able to get my nipple between my lips, then sucked hard. I let go with my hands and now held my breast with my mouth and found I could draw enough inside my mouth to be able to run my tongue over my nipple. The stimulation and fantasizing tit sucking with another woman was now turning me on and my body grew numb with the eroticism I was experiencing. I grew warm, my heart began to beat hard in my chest and my breasts grew firm. I swear, my nipples felt as if they could cut glass.

I could feel my pussy getting excited as it grew wet and my clit hardened. I let go of my breast and stood before the mirror, looking down at the triangular patch of hair between my legs. I spread my legs slightly, exposing the cleft between. Reaching down, I pulled my labia as far apart as I could, trying to reveal the pink flesh. Thrusting my hips forward towards the mirror, I angled to get a better view, but couldn't see much. I struggled trying to pull my pussy apart, leaning back while maintaining my balance. As hard as I tried, I still couldn't get a view of my pussy, especially since the downward bathroom light kept it in the shadows. I tried turning around, bent over, then pulled my ass apart. This revealed my asshole and just a little of my vagina, despite trying to pull my ass cheeks apart as hard as I could.

Looking around the bathroom for other options, I spotted a hand mirror near the sink. I placed it just above my knees and spread my legs to get a better view. While an improvement, I still couldn't open my pussy and hold the mirror at the same time, but found that placing the mirror on top of the toilet seat did the trick. Straddling the mirror, I moved around so that when finally positioned right, I could look back up between my legs. I reached down and pulled my lips apart, moved my legs out a little further and squat slightly. My pussy was now in full view and I studied it. It had been a long time since I explored my body like this and found that I looked just like the other girls I had seen in porn.
