 Once Linda had gone I collected my clothes from the chair and took them to my bedroom. When I hung the jacket and skirt in the wardrobe I checked the jacket pockets but my bra and panties were not there. I made my way back to the living room and searched on, around and under the chair and the sofa but, again, I couldn't find my underwear. I didn't think Linda would have picked them up so I could only assume that Matt had taken them.

I chuckled to myself at his taking them as souvenirs but was slightly annoyed that he hadn't had the courtesy to ask me for them. Even though today had been the first time I had worn them I would probably have let him have them, but I thought his just taking them was wrong. I determined to have a quiet word with him next time I saw him. I intended to let him know he was wrong to take them but that I was okay with him keeping them. But perhaps I would have to ask him to come round to see me so that I could show him the error of his ways. As my mind wandered to possible scenarios I realised that I was rubbing my thighs together.

"Get a grip girl." I said to myself. Oh how I wished I had bought a vibrator a few months before. I had wandered into an Ann Summers shop while out shopping and had been impressed by the variety on display but I just hadn't felt confident enough to take one to the counter. Odd in these more liberated days, but I was obviously not as liberated as the women from Sex In The City!

I abandoned my previous thoughts of having a bath and decided to have a shower. I set the temperature of the water to be warm initially but lowered it once I was in the shower and revelled in the feelings of the relatively chill water running over my head and down my body. I found the shower quite invigorating and once I'd soaped and rinsed my body and washed my hair I turned off the water and made my way to my bedroom. It took me a few minutes to towel off and dry my hair then I settled in to bed, picked up my book and started reading. The shower and the book removed all sexual thoughts from my mind and I eventually settled down to sleep.

When I woke the following morning my back and legs were aching. Lying on the coffee table obviously hadn't been the most comfortable of arrangements and my body was now reacting to it. I groaned out loud as I levered myself out of bed and made my way to the kitchen to make my breakfast. It was a gloriously sunny morning so I ventured onto my patio in my robe and sat down at my patio table to appreciate the quiet of the morning.

I enjoyed a leisurely breakfast and afterwards just sat back to take in the view of my garden. The birds were helping themselves to the seeds I put out for them and it was nice to see them flying in and out of the shrubs and trees I had planted over the years. As I stood up to go back into the house my robe dropped open and the feel of the slightly chilled but fresh morning air caused goose bumps to erupt on my skin. I picked up my cup and plate and stood up straight, which caused my robe to open a bit more. The edges of the robe were stopped from slipping away completely by being caught on my nipples.

Having put my crockery in the sink I returned to the patio, slipped the robe off my shoulders and sat in the cool morning air with my eyes closed and my upper half exposed to the bright, if not warm, sunshine. I love being able to just relax in my garden but my thoughts went back to the previous night and I wondered how I'd managed to stop myself sitting on Matt's lap with his cock firmly embedded in me. 

It had been a long time since I'd had the feeling of a man inside me. I couldn't work out whether I had been bothered by his age compared to mine or if there was something else that stopped me. The 'phone ringing obviously did a little to break the mood but I didn't think that was the reason I'd stopped. I decided to let it go and 'move on' but wondered what would happen if another opportunity presented itself.

I remembered the sensation of Matt's head between my legs and heard myself moan slightly at the pleasurable feelings I remembered. Without any conscious thought on my part one of my hands move up my thigh while the other moved up and covered a breast. I started kneading my breast and flicking a finger over my nipple. Tremors travelled through my body and I shuffled down in my chair to allow my legs to part slightly.

My right hand gently traced up my right leg, my fingers barely touching the inside of my thigh. I reached the junction of my thigh and groin and felt the smooth skin where I had shaved myself just a couple of nights before. I traced my fingers down to between my slit and my bum and teased the sensitive skin then slowly drew my finger up through my labia. It was no surprise to find my opening moist and I moaned with pleasure as I traced my finger around and over my labia.

I continued to move my fingers over and around my labia, spreading my moisture, and then I moved my hand upwards with my fingers straight and together until they rested on my clitoris. I started a circular motion over my clitoris and parted my legs further. I was now splayed obscenely to the wildlife in my garden - but it didn't notice.

I gradually increased the pace of my hand movements and would periodically move my fingers down to my slit to collect a little moisture to spread over my sensitive area. As my pace increased my hips started moving, matching the movement of my hand and causing the pressure on my clitoris do increase.

I pinched my nipple between the fingers of my left hand and a tremor travelled all the way to my groin. All of the pent-up arousal from last night was coursing through my body again. I tweaked my nipple and pulled forcefully, stretching my breast outwards. The sensations continued to arouse me. I eased my right hand down over my slit and allowed first one, then a second finger to slip inside me.

I could feel my arousal grow to a peak. A wave of pleasure passed through me. I could feel myself reaching my orgasm when something hit the fence next to me, quickly followed by the laughter of the children who lived in the house the other side of mine to Lin & Matt.

I groaned with frustration but knew that I could not continue what I was doing in the garden. I opened my eyes, pulled my robe over my shoulders and then got up out of the chair. Being left in an aroused state for the second time in less that 12 hours was doing nothing for my nerves. I went back into the house and made my way to my bedroom.

I slipped off my robe, pulled back the sheet and lay on my bed naked. I just lay back spread-eagled on the bed thinking about the previous night and my arousing morning. In moments my nipples were erect again. I placed my hands on my stomach and moved them up to my breasts. I traced my fingers over my breasts and enjoyed the thrills passing through my body.

I don't know what made me do it, but I opened my eyes and gasped when I saw Lin framed in the doorway. I immediately grabbed the sheet and pulled it over me, covering my body. Unfortunately my nipples were still erect and they were very apparent. Lin's eyes moved from mine and wandered down my body, her tongue appearing and sliding over her lower lip.

I swallowed as her eyes moved back up into contact with mine and she boldly stepped into the room.

"Don't cover up on my account" she said "I was enjoying your little show in the garden and was hoping you would continue indoors."

I didn't know what to say. I felt a thrill that Lin had been watching me but didn't want her to know. "What do you mean?" I asked.

"Do you really think you can display yourself and not be seen?" she said. "I was in my garden when I heard you moan. You were making me go weak at the knees just watching you. I wanted to leap the fence and replace your hand with mine. It's been a while since I've been with a woman, especially one as sexy as you."

As she was saying this she was moving towards the bed. I closed my eyes, unsure of what to do next. I felt Lin's weight on the bed. At first I thought she'd sat on the side of the bed then I realised that her body was alongside mine.

I felt the sheet being lifted away from my body and as I opened my eyes I saw Lin's head coming towards mine. I felt her warm breath over my face and then her lips touched my forehead. She placed soft kisses all across my forehead then, as I closed my eyes, on each of my eyelids. I lay there unsure of what to do but I felt her fingertips lightly touch my body. Her hand start at one shoulder and traced its way over to the other, her fingertips barely touching the skin. Goose bumps erupted on my skin as her hand traced backwards and forwards across my body gradually working its way lower. She circled my breasts a number of times and then quickly trailed her hand across my nipples with the only contact being from her fingernails. I bit down on my lower lip as the pleasurable feelings increased. Her hand worked its way down to my stomach, where she trailed it backwards and forwards so that in one direction I would feel her finger tips but in the other it would be her fingernails trailing across me.

Her hands reached the middle of my stomach one last time then moved directly downwards. Her fingers ran over my strip of pubic hair but I kept my legs closed despite the feelings running through my body. Lin did not push things. When it was obvious that I was slightly resistant to her advances she trailed her hand back up my body. Again she circled my breasts and played her fingers over my nipples. Her hand then continued its upward path to my neck. She spent some time just tracing her fingers over my neck under my chin and I started to purr like a cat. I then felt her fingers gently touch my cheek as she brushed my hair back off my face. I shivered with pleasure at the additional intimate contact.

"Are you cold?" Lin asked with a slightly humorous tone. "Let me help." She said as I felt her body make direct contact with mine. I felt her arms go around me and she manoeuvred me so that my head was against her chest, my breasts pressed up against her torso. We lay against each other for a few minutes and I became more comfortable with the situation.

"Is that better?" Lin asked as she kissed me on the forehead again.

I could only mumble an "Mmmm" in reply as I came to terms with the contact of our bodies. I adjusted my position so that my right leg draped over hers and her thigh pressed against my pussy -- or should I say that I pressed my pussy against her thigh? I was definitely enjoying the feelings this was causing.

"Are you alright?" Lin asked, to which once again I could only respond with an "Mmmm". Lin moved her leg slightly, creating more pressure and I instinctively thrust my hips forward. I wasn't sure I should be feeling this way.

When Lin moved her leg again I finally managed to evolve my speech with an "Oh God!" as more pleasure washed through me. My blood seemed to be pumping so loudly through my head that I was sure Lin must be able to hear it.

Lin's arms released by body and I felt her shift her position slightly. I looked up to see her loosening the halter straps of her top. I lifted my head from her body as she unwound the single piece of material and removed it, exposing her breasts to my gaze. Her nipples were about the same length as mine and were definitely erect.

"Do you like them?" she asked. I could only nod, my mouthing suddenly becoming dry. I realised that I was about to play with another woman's breasts for the first time.

"Enjoy!" she said as she pulled my head towards her chest. Instinctively I opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around one of her nipples. I couldn't believe how arousing it was to roll my tongue around it while sucking on her breast.

I moved my hand to her other breast and squeezed it, eliciting a sharp intake of breath from Lin followed by "Oh yes. Do that again."

I switched breasts and this time gently pulled Lin's nipple with my teeth. "Oh yes. That's good. Don't stop!" gasped Lin. She then put her hands behind my head and pulled me tight against her chest. I was surprised to feel her hips lifting against my body. I eased myself away from her slightly and continued to manipulate her breasts.

"Oh God. Yeessss" Lin moaned loudly as she panted for breath and I realised that she had had an orgasm due to my playing with her breasts. I was a little jealous as that had never happened to me.

As Lin recovered she looked at me and smiled. She pushed at my shoulders until I was lying on my back then began to kiss me and stroke my body. My body reacted, pleasurable sensations coursing through me again. Lin's lips and tongue traced over my body and I began to hope for some release at last. I spread my arms and legs wide and revelled in Lin's touching and teasing. I was sure that my pussy was very wet and desperate for some attention.

Then I felt Lin's hot breath on my pussy. My hips lifted trying for physical contact with Lin's mouth. I couldn't remember doing it but I realised that my hands were over my breasts, pulling at my own nipples. I felt Lin's hands under my bum as she lifted me to improve her access. I couldn't believe the intensity of the sensations as her tongue lapped at my clitoris until it was throbbing. My juices must have been covering Lin's face but she had no intention of stopping her ministrations, which I was particularly grateful for. I continued to thrust my hips upwards, forcing my pussy against Lin's face, maintaining the pressure and pleasure. I could feel my orgasm building and finally I screamed as the pleasure burst over me. I don't know how she managed it given the intensity of the feelings going through me and my somewhat large hip movements but Lin managed to maintain contact with my clitoris, gently stroking it with her tongue as I came down from my high. The sensitivity of my clitoris was such that each light touch caused my hips to jerk.

Eventually I had to push her head away to stop her teasing and allow my clitoris to recover.

"Oh my God. That was incredible." I said as I gloried in the pleasure still washing over me.

"It certainly was." I heard in a male voice.

My eyes shot open and I looked up to see Matt in the doorway. His chest was bare and my gaze dropped down over his stomach to his groin where his hand was wrapped around his cock but was still. His cock looked even bigger than it had last night. He stepped out of his shorts, which were pooled at his ankles and moved into the room.

To be continued ...