 I remember the exact moment that changed my life...for the better. My husband and I - he's named Stephen but everyone calls him Skip - were at a high school graduation party for one of our neighbor's sons. It was a beautiful June night, and there was a tent set up in their backyard, with white lights, a buffet and a bar. They had a DJ for the kids, who would probably be up late dancing and sneaking a drink or two. Skip and I don't have kids - that's a long story - but we knew most of the ones in the neighborhood, and usually got invited to things like this.

Skip was talking football - or baseball - or something with a few of the guys, as usual. I was helping out Marcia, the hostess, in the kitchen. When everything seemed pretty much under control I wandered out to the bar for another glass of wine. As I stood there looking for an opened Pinot Grigio, I felt someone walking up behind me and turned to see my next door neighbor, Lisa.

"Hey Sue", she said, "nice party, huh?"

"Yeah, it is. A perfect night for it. I can't believe how fast these kids grow up."

"Believe me, I know!" she laughed.

Lisa was a single - OK, divorced - mother of two kids, both away most of the time at colleges out of state or working summer jobs. She's forty-something, a little taller than me, reddish-blonde hair, and in great shape...she works out all the time and it shows. She could easily pass for early thirties. We didn't see a lot of each other, with my work schedule, but we always enjoyed talking when we did run into each other. In my mind, she had the best smile and laugh of anyone I knew.

I located the wine, poured myself a glass and refilled hers.

"Thanks", she said, flashing that smile.

Then it happened. She pretended to be leaning over the table to reach something, when she put her hand on my ass. For a moment I thought it was accidental, but she kept it there and even gave it a squeeze. Then she brushed closer to me and I could feel her hips touching mine. 

She whispered, "You're very hot, you know. I'd love to see more of you." 

I was surprised, to say the least, and didn't know what to say. I have to admit that I had always thought the same about her, that she was so hot, but I hadn't ever said anything. After all, I was married and hadn't seriously considered other women.

"Wow, I don't know what to say," I whispered back. I pulled away slightly, putting the wine bottle back on the table.

"No need to say anything now ", Lisa said, looking around to see that we were still alone, "just keep it in mind and let me know if you're ever interested. Really." Then she turned to walk back inside. She was wearing a pale blue summer dress that showed off her toned body and great legs. I was staring at her ass as she walked away, when she turned back and winked, thne kept going.

I stood there for a moment, surprised and even stunned. I walked over to mingle with a small group of women, wondering to myself what I thought. During the rest of the evening I kept thinking of that moment and realized that I was embarrassed but excited. Lisa and I made eye contact a couple of times, but I avoided getting into conversation woth her. I wouldn't have known what to say. 

That night, Skip and I had sex. But while he was licking my pussy, I realized that I was thinking of Lisa. I felt guilty, but I certainly wasn't going to tell Skip that I was imagining someone else licking me while he was enjoying it so much. I held his head and pushed my pussy into his face as I felt the thrill of an orgasm come over me. Later, sweating and breathing heavily, I could picture Lisa in that dress, her perfect ass and long, slim legs. 

I thought about her quite a bit that week, wondering if I had the nerve to call her. On Friday I was alone in my office, working on a budget report, when I finally got up the courage and dialed her number. I was almost hoping she wouldn't pick up, since I wasn't sure what I'd say. But she did, on the second ring.

"Hello?"

"Hi Lisa , it's Sue," I said nervously. A pause, since I didn't know what to say next.

"Oh, hey, good to hear from you. What's up?" She sounded like her usual bubbly self.

"Well, I was just thinking that it might be nice to meet somewhere for a drink. I mean, if you're not busy." I hoped I sounded less nervous than I was. I was walking in a circle as I talked, trying to sound relaxed and casual.

"Sure...that sounds great. Meet you after work?" 

We decided on a small restaurant that had a quiet bar, just a couple of miles away, and agreed to meet there at 6 o'clock. I could feel my hand shaking as I hung up, since I knew that I was going to take a pretty big chance. 

I got there a little early and waited in my car until Lisa pulled into the lot. When I walked over to where she had parked, she stepped out, flashed that gorgeous smile, and reached out her hand. I took it, said, "Nice to see you, glad you could make it," and we walked in. 

"Of course I'd make it. Wouldn't miss it."

We got a small table near the back and ordered drinks. She was wearing a sleveless white blouse, cut a little low, with a knee-length blue skirt. She looked beautiful. I had on a light yellow sun dress that showed a bit of cleavage. I hoped it wasn't too blatant, but I had spent an hour before work trying to find the right thing to wear that day, hoping I'd finally call her. 

"You look great, Sue. I'm so glad you called."

"Thanks. So do you."

We chatted about nothing for a few minutes, when I got up the courage to address the obvious subject. 

"So Lisa, this is pretty awkward, but I wanted to talk about that little conversation we had at the party last week." I'm sure I was blushing, which is not something I do a lot now that I'm over forty!

"Sure." she said. "Look Sue, I'm sorry if it made you uncomfortable. I just wanted you to know what I thought. You don't need to say anything."

"Actually, that's just it," I said slowly. "Of course I never expected it, but to tell you the truth, I'm not uncomfortable at all. The reality is - and I can't believe I'm saying this - that I feel the same way. I've thought about you a lot this week."

I looked down at my wine glass, a bit embarrassed, but relieved that I had actually said it.

She reached out and took my hand, saying "I'm really glad to hear that Sue, because I've thought about you an awful lot lately. And just so you know, I'm not trying to cause any problems with you and Skip. I just think you're great: smart, attractive, the whole thing. And hot," she said with a laugh. 

"Good, thanks. Not so sure about being hot, but it's nice to hear. This is all so new to me, being attracted to another woman. I mean, I did fool around a couple of times in college, but that was a long time ago. Then I started dating Skip in my senior year, and well, that was it. How about you?"

Her hand was still on mine. I liked the feel of her touch. 

Lisa laughed and said, "It's funny, but I never really thought much about being with another woman until after I got divorced. Then I started working out and met someone at the gym. One thing led to another and...I realized that I like women better. She moved away shortly after that, so it never got to be serious. Just fun."

I wasn't sure what to do next, but I squeezed her hand, looked her in the eye, and blurted out "So what should we do?"

"How about getting together at my house some night when you're free? We can just see how it goes. Have a drink. No pressure."

"I like that idea. Skip's away later this week for a couple of nights. Does Wednesday work?"

"Perfect", she said, "Let's plan on it. Just call me that afternoon to be sure. I can't wait!" She smiled.

We spent a few more minutes chatting, then left together. As I got in my car, Lisa leaned in the window and kissed me on the lips.

"Oh, my God, I feel so hot!", I exclaimed. "You are hot," she said, and kissed me again. That night, as I lay in bed, I kept thinking of Lisa's soft lips on mine. Skip was asleep, so I quietly fingered my pussy. I could feel myself getting wet as I massaged my clit. I wanted to cum, but I was afraid I'd wake Skip up and he'd ask what was going on. So I just slowed down and gradually drifted off to sleep with my hand on my pussy, Lisa on my mind.

As the days dragged by, I realized that I couldn't wait for Skip to leave town. Finally, Wednesday came and I was excited to be able to call Lisa. It was early afternoon when I got her on the phone.

"Hi Lisa, it's me. Are we still on for later?" I held my breath, hoping she hadn't changed her mind. I tried not to let her know how excited I was.

"We sure are! I can't wait to see you. Eight o'clock OK? I'll have some wine chilled."

"That's great", I said. "Should I bring anything?"

"Just your beautiful self", she said with a laugh. "See you then. I can't wait."

I felt myself getting flushed as I hung up. What in hell was I doing? Should I call her back and cancel, just make up some lame excuse? But she'd know and I'd feel like a jerk. I decided to go through with it. After all, she had said there'd be no pressure, we'd just see what happened. And maybe nothing would.

I stopped at the mall on my way home and bought a very sexy pair of black satin bikini panties and a matching soft lace bra that would show a lot of cleavage.

I took a shower and shaved my legs, including a little more than I usually did around the bikini area. I was usually trimmed pretty short in any case, so I just shaved closer around the edges. I found myself getting excited as I thought about getting dressed. I on the black bikini and bra, and I was happy with the way it showed off my breasts. After a lot of thought, I picked out a white tank top and a short black ruffled skirt that I hadn't worn in a long time. It was too short for work, since it showed off a lot of leg. I put on some deep pink lipstick and checked myself out in the full length mirror. I thought I looked pretty hot. I know I felt that way. I stepped into a pair of heels and walked out the door. I was incredibly nervous, but excited.

As I pulled into Lisa's driveway, I almost had a panic attack. Am I really doing this? But it was too late to back out now, I decided, and walked up to her front door. I hadn't even knocked when she opened it and smiled that gorgeous smile. "Come on in," she said. "Damn, you look beautiful!"

"Thanks. So do you!" 

Lisa was wearing a very short white skirt with a dark red v-neck top, unbuttoned enough to let me see that she wasn't wearing a bra. As I stepped in, she closed the door behind me and took my hand in hers, leaned towards me, and kissed me gently on the lips, then whispered in my ear, "I'm so glad you're here."

"Me too," I said with a laugh.

"How about a glass of wine?" she asked, leading me by the hand.

"Sounds great. I think I could use one." I was clearly nervous but hoped it wasn't that obvious. 

I followed Lisa into the kitchen where she filled two glasses, handed me one, and said, "To friendship and more." I smiled as we each took a sip. Then she leaned forward and kissed me again. Gently at first, but then our mouths opened and our tongues met. I almost spilled my wine as I pressed against her. I hadn't felt a kiss like this in forever. The excitement of my tongue pushing deep into her mouth was almost too much.

As we parted, she looked at me and asked, "So where to? Let's see...we can stay here in the kitchen, or hang out for a while in the living room. Or we could even take our wine upstairs to the bedroom. Up to you, beautiful." She looked at me, waiting for a reply. 

I thought for a second and took another sip of wine, then surprised myself by saying, "The living room sounds like a sensible plan...but why not the bedroom?"

She flashed that great smile. "I was hoping you'd say that." She took the wine bottle and her glass, saying, "Follow me", and led us up the stairs.

I was so excited that I felt myself getting wet just thinking about her body as I followed those legs up the stairs. Her short skirt showed off just a bit of her ass. It looked like she was wearing a thong.

We went into her bedroom; it was softly lit by a small lamp on her nightstand. The queen bed looked soft and inviting. We both took another sip of wine, then put the glasses and bottle down on her dresser. She stood facing me and slowly unbuttoned her blouse, revealing her gorgeous breasts. I reached for her, slid her blouse off, put my arms around her and kissed her on the mouth. Our tongues found each other and she pushed her hips against me. I moved my hands up to her breasts and fondled them, then licked her neck and slid my mouth onto her left breast. The feel of her nipple in my mouth was wonderful. I wanted more,

"That feels so good", she moaned. My hands moved down her back and over her skirt, pulling it up until I had both hands on her ass, slipping one underneath her thong. I felt myself getting wet.

"My turn", she said, as she pulled my tank top out of my skirt and lifted it over my head. She slid her hands over my bra, carressing the lace as I felt my nipples getting harder. She reached behind me, unhooked the bra and slipped it off. We tumbled back onto the bed. I started to kiss and suck her gorgeous breasts, first the nipples and then filling my mouth. I heard her start to moan with pleasure. 

Lisa raised he hips and slipped her skirt off, so all she was wearing was her pink thong. I could see that it was damp right over her pussy. I stood up and took off my shorts.

"Keep going", she said with a smile, and I slipped off my bikini panties.

I was naked and hadn't felt this sexual in years. Lisa sat on the edge of the bed and pulled me closer, then moved her mouth between my legs as her hands reached up to fondle my breasts. I could feel her tongue exploring my thighs, then sliding over my pussy. I held her head in my hands and moaned. I felt weak. 

She pulled me onto the bed, leaned over me, kissed my breasts, and whispered in my ear, "I want to eat your cunt Sue. I've wanted this for so long." Then she slid down, spread my legs, and started to lick my pussy, first her all around slowly then moving to my clit. As I felt myself getting closer to an orgasm, she slid her tongue in and out of me, as deep as she could go, and then moved back up to suck on my clit. Her fingers slid inside my cunt as she sucked me, slowly at first, then faster as I thrust my hips forward and ran my hands over her head.

"Oh God!" I cried, "Fuck! I'm gonna cum! Oh Fuck!" 

Lisa kept licking my clit as she pushed two fingers into my cunt. I couldn't stop myself as I felt the first wave come over me. "Aaaaah! Aaaah! Fuck me!" My hips pushed forward into her face as I had the most powerful orgasm ever, wave after wave, my juices flowing all over Lisa's face. She kept licking and sucking, now slowing down as it started to subside. I felt myself panting heavily. I reached down and pulled her up on top of me, kissed her on the lips, tasting my pussy on her tongue. We just lay there for a minute, her soft body on mine, our breasts rubbing together, breathing into each other's ears. 

"Oh my God, that was amazing. So much better than I ever expected," I whispered when I could finally talk again.

"I'm glad you liked it. I loved it!" she said, and kissed me again. Then she flashed a wicked smile and asked, "Got any other ideas?"

"What do you think!" 

I rolled her onto her back and slipped her thong off. Then I kissed her, slowly licking her neck down to her breasts. I sucked on them as I slid my hand between her warm, wet thighs. I slowly worked my tongue down over her flat stomach until I was licking her silky smooth shaven pussy area. I looked up and could see her watching me, breathing softly, anxious for my tongue to find her clit. I spread her legs and slid between them, licking her entire pussy up and down, then settled onto her clit, licking and sucking on it. She tasted sweet and salty at the same time and I couldn't get enough of it. My tongue played with her clit as she whispered, "Yes, yes, oh God...." 

I looked her in the eye, sensing her excitement. 

"Your cunt tastes wonderful," I whispered, as I slid my tongue deep inside her. Then I worked her clit again with my tongue. As I felt her hips pushing forward, she begged, "Fuck me with your tongue!"

I did, and then with my fingers, alternating with my mouth on her clit. I could feel her moving her hips and breathing more quickly. I wanted her to cum so badly. After just a few more seconds, she moaned loudly then almost scrreamed as she came hard, over and over, while I licked her clit and shoved my fingers inside her cunt. She had her hands clenched on the sides of my head, pulling it as close as she could, pounding her cunt against my face. Finally she loosened her grip and began to relax her body. I gave her clit a final lick and slid up next to her, cradled in her arm.

After that, we lay side by side, stroking each other's body and kissing softly.

"It's as if I've waited my whole life for this", I said quietly.

Lisa propped herself up on one elbow and said, "I'm so glad you called that day. I was afraid you wouldn't, but I was hoping for this. I've wanted it so much."

I smiled and kissed her again, the taste of our bodies mingled together.

"I never imagined it could be like this," I said, sliding my hand between her thighs and feeling the wet warmth of her pussy.

We spent the rest of the night in bed, with more licking and sucking, more kissing and lovemaking, and more orgasms. We knew that we would see a lot more of each other, and that we were a lot more than neighbors.