 1 (Perfect Harmony)

For two months all she knew about Lean was her music. The music stoked her orgasms.

Guitar in the afternoon and the piano in the dark; the lilt of French songs, the soft wail of folk hymns, light, syncopated jazz and driving, pumping blues. She also heard snippets of a voice, low and husky, sometimes snarling, sometimes rising in a falsetto so plaintive it brought her to tears.

Lean is a tall woman, rangy. She sports short hair and has broad, swimmer's shoulders and trim waist and hips. 

Lai has no idea of her neighbour's color or the shape of her face. She has no idea what expression matched the soft growls of desire as woman stripped for Lean. 

All she had were shadows -- Lean's a constant, the others alternately curvy or boyish or plump.

Lia is a music freshman. Thinking herself shielded by her terrace palms, she'd sing along softly with Lean, closing her eyes to savor the way slow grind turned into a violent, roiling howl. 

But always, she'd fall silent at some point, succumbing to pure sensation, lolling her neck this way and that, imagining a velvet caress, pressing thighs together and then opening them as she raised her hips to hands that were not there. 

When the music stopped, she would go to her room and masturbate, sometimes with her hands, sometimes with a vibrator. 

She could make herself cum twice, sometimes even thrice in a night. But it was never enough. Lia began to get scared of her runaway sex drive.

What she didn't know was that Lean also watched her shadow as it gyrated in the darkened bedroom. 

The butch would see a shaft of light falling on the Lia's mons. She wondered what else, except for lust, the petite form held.

It was Lean who broke the ice. 

Her bartender friend, Mandy, had called. 

She said a young, lissome pixie with brown skin had been asking about the musician who lived on Santorini Street. 

Aside from Lean's two-story, modernist house, only two garage flats faced that street. Lean's middle-aged male accountant lived on the far end. Lia lived next door.

Mandy also said Lia was a Friday night regular at the university town's lesbian bar. 

She didn't date, was always with a group of friends. They seemed protective of the little one, Mandy said. 

Lia ogled butches but routinely turned down overtures though she was always cheerful and polite. 

A heartbreaker, the bartender said. And one who didn't even know it.

Mandy had told Lia the musician was a Wall Street investment banker who'd retired early with tons of money and then had written two best-selling books under a pseudonym. 

Lia smothered a gasp at hearing the name. The author wrote erotica, lesbian erotica with a heavy touch of domination. Mandy quirked her brow and smiled as the young woman tried to project cool.

Lean's friend had chatted up Lia enough to know she liked basking in the afternoon sun. 

The meadow fronting her flat was a quiet place. Hardly anybody ever passed the road. Lean always used her yard's rightmost corner. It was walled from the street. That was why they'd never met.

The writer watched through her 2nd-story studio windows until Lia settled down in the grass with a CD player. Lean nodded with approval. An Ipod would have shut out the sounds of rustling leaves.

Lean sauntered out of her house, hands in her pockets. She saw Lia before the younger woman spied her.

Lean paused by a tree and drew a deep breath. Lia wore short, blue-striped shorts. She had legs and arms spread as she sang the vocals to a slow blues arrangement of "Summertime". 

It was a sensual sight, shoulders and hips softly gyrating. Lia's legs were tapered and golden and smooth. She wore a red tank top. No bra; her nipples rose with the breeze's caress. 

Lean could see a face tanned a reddish gold but Lia's eyes were closed.

The older woman stopped in front of the young woman and cleared her throat. 

Lia sat up. Lean's mouth went dry. The small woman was on her elbows, legs still splayed, almond eyes wide with surprise, mouth making a small "o."

Lean felt a tingle as Lia licked her upper lip before struggling to her knees.

"Uh, hi!" Lia winced as she heard the squeak. 

She cleared her throat and tried again. "Hi."

Lean smiled at the dulcet tone. Brave girl, she thought, now boldly gazing at Lia.

"I live there," she pointed right.

"I know," Lia said and then blushed at the implication.

Lean chuckled. She walked towards Lia and halted a foot away, feeling the blow in the gut at the sight of the smooth globes separated by a deep cleavage. 

The younger woman's upturned face flushed and she ducked her head to one side/

Lean dropped to her haunches and reached out a hand to cup Lia's chin. She heard a small gasp and gently forced the other woman's face up.

"You've been asking about me."

Lia met her eyes bravely. "I wondered who you were."

"Well, I'm here now," said Lean, a finger stroking her captive's jaw.

The two women stared at each other until Lean pulled Lia to her feet.

She turned and crossed the street, unlatching the small gate that led to her backyard. She didn't bother to check if Lia was following.

The Chinese-American from San Diego saw a long blue pool and divans in yellow and green scattered around the wide deck. Straight ahead, Lean's stark, white manse was all angles and glass. The light inside showed flashes of colors. 

Lia took a deep breath and picked up her CD player. She walked in.

Lean leaned against a divan. The green canvas highlighted her amber eyes.

She lit and cigarette and lazily motioned with a hand at a nearby ottoman. 

Lia perched on one side like a schoolgirl.

Lean laughed. She jackknifed; her feet landed on the deck without a sound. 

The butch rested elbows on knees and studied Lia as she smoked. The young woman met her gaze calmly. But fingers twitched at her shorts' hemline.

"You're as small as your shadow."

Lai started, clasped a hand to her throat.

Lean's smile stretched from her tawny, golden-brown orbs to the wide mouth just below a smattering of fine freckles.

"Do you know there's a gap in your terrace palm grove?"

A flush swept through Lai's high cheekbones. But she tilted her face to one side and gazed at Lean's lips and drawled, "and?"

Lai hoped she looked fierce. She was really quaking in fear. But she was also determined to flirt with the author of her choice erotic tomes.

Lean stubbed out her cigarette and stood. She slid her hands down her thighs and then up and around, settling these in back pockets. She took an open-legged stance and cocked her head.

"I only see your hands."

Lai's moxie crumbled. She stared, horrified, at her neighbor. 

Lean struggled not to laugh. She didn't want the younger woman running away. But she also wanted her on edge. 

"My friends say you've been asking about me."

Lai swallowed, her throat dry with humiliation. 

"I only wanted to know who made all that music."

Lean guessed an Asian just wouldn't knock on a stranger's door. 

Especially if, she thought with a silent chuckle, she'd been masturbating to the stranger's music.

"Well, I'm here. I hear you're a musician yourself."

Lai nodded.

"Want to join me for coffee? Check out my collection?"

Etchings... Lai's mind screamed. Etchings.

She nodded, paused as Lean extended a hand with long, sturdy fingers and then slowly extended her little one to be clasped.'

The house was cool. Lean kicked off her sneakers and Lia also abandoned her espadrilles.

Lean looked up from the kitchen counter. She raised a brow. 

"You didn't have to. I just like padding around barefoot."

Lia shrugged. Lean smiled and slowly turned her gaze down smooth, tanned legs to the toes polished a shade they called "pussy red".

"You have beautiful feet." Lean looked at Lia. "Dancer's feet." She laughed. "Maybe not. I had a girlfriend. She was a soloist in some ballet company. Her feet were nothing like yours."

Lia flashed dimples. "Yeah. My sister is a dance scholar. Her feet are a horror."

She laughed, head thrown back. "I don't have the discipline. I do some jazz." She pulled a face. "But I lack the tension."

Lean pointed to a leather sofa. "I'm making frozen margarita. You still want coffee?"

Lia hesitated. She'd never drunk before dinner. She nodded.

Lean brought the drinks, handed Lia glass. Their fingers brushed.

Lia bent her head and sipped. She closed her eyes as she swallowed. She licked her lips. Her feet, which didn't quite touch the floor, jiggled.

Lean leaned back on her side of the sofa. She grabbed a big throw pillow from an easy chair and plumped it beside her. 

"Here," she commanded. "Sit back."

Lia stared for a few seconds. Then she got up, still with her margarita and took three steps. She put down the glass and tugged herself back until she felt the pillow. She crossed her legs on the seat and sighed as her neck felt the cushion. 

Lean reached for Lia's glass and handed it over. Before Lia could take it, she brought the glass to the Asian's lips. Startled eyes met her but Lia obediently sipped. Again, she licked her lips.

They drank slowly, in silence for a few minutes. Lean's fingers traced Lia's temple then ran through smooth fine hair.

"So, you like going to Luna."

Lia nodded.

"Found anyone?"

Lia shook her head.

"Why? Holding out for the great love?"

Lean cursed silently when Lia's eyes flashed. Mandy hard warned her. This one was part of the freshman team that had just beaten seniors in a debate. It was on the university newspaper's front page. 

"There's holding out... and there's selling yourself short."

So the kitten had claws. Lean shrugged. 

"I prefer to sample the goods first."

Lia shrugged back.

"Sure. If they're anything interesting."

Lean broke into guffaw. This one was going to be hot. 

She nodded to concede the point. Lia wrinkled her tip-tilted nose. Lean's eyes devoured her face.

She held back and stood up to get a guitar. When she came back, Lia had placed her empty glass on the table. Her cheekbones were a bit flushed.

Lean tuned the guitar. 

"What songs do you like?"

Lia smiled with glee. 

"Most everything."

Lean asked for her favorite artists. Fitzgerald. Vaughan. Eva Cassidy.

"Alto?" Lean asked.

"I can go up to a mezzo," Lia replied.

Lean gave a smile of approval. She broke into the lilting chords of "Over the Rainbow". She sang the first few lines alone and then Lia joined in.

Alto, but a sweet one. A crooner rather than a belter. She moved like bamboo and sang like a gentle breeze.

She also surprised Lean by shifting smoothly to Faith Hill's version, trilling some notes. Their voiced blended well, Lean doing deeper tones. 

As her fingers latched into the bridge of her Cassidy cover, Lia closed her eyes, lost in the music. A smiled played on her lips. 

When she rejoined Lean in the last stanza, the eyes opened. Lean almost faltered at the smile turned her way. It was her turn to close her eyes and let Lia's voice wash over her.

As the last chord died away, she heard Lia take a deep breath and blow it out.

Lean put the guitar aside. She turned towards Lia. The younger woman's lips were parted, a little wet. It wasn't quite a rosebud mouth but there was a natural pout to the lower lip, making for a pronounced cleft.

"Come here." Lean ordered.

Lia let herself be drawn onto Lean's lap.

The butch cradled her in her left arm. The right hand cupped her face as Lean lowered her lips, brushing lightly over Lia's. 

Lia let Lean lead though the light, teasing touch drove her crazy. 

When Lean's tongue swept across her lips, she opened and shuddered as it drifted across her inner skin. When Lean lapped at the edges of Lia's tongue, the small women brought her hand up to urge her deeper. She met Lean in a dance that began light and teasing and ended with the butch suckling on her sweet taste.

Lean kept the kiss going as she palmed Lia's breasts through the cotton tank, massaging gently around the sides until the other woman's started to take deeper breaths.

She raised her head and smiled at Lia. She started again with feather like kisses on the forehead and the brow. She kept her hands still, allowing Lia to take the lead and rubs against her palms. 

Lean's tongue snaked around a tiny ear. Lia broke into a cry as it dipped and swirled. Lean's fingers tightened on B-sized breasts. Lia bit her lip. Lean kisses trailed down Lia's neck , becoming gentle nips and then rolling laves of the tongue. Lia arched she Lean bit harder and then sucked at smooth skin. At the same time the butch twisted one nipple.

"Uuunnggh!"

Lean tugged Lia further down the sofa so she was fully spread out. 

One hand rested on Lia's pussy.

Lean waited. Lia felt the heat through her shorts. At the halt in movement, she opened her eyes.

Lean smiled. "I want you."

Lia spread her legs.

"Take me," she whispered.

Lean knelt beside the sofa. She kissed Lia's lips.

Then she straightened to take in the sight as she slowly pulled the tank off Lia's shoulders.

The Asian's lighter skin emerged. Nothing marred the smooth expanse of heavy cream. A small mole rested near the right nipple, already turgid with desire.

Lia raised her body so Lean could tug the tank down over hips and legs. She thrilled to see Lean's fairer skin flush with excitement. 

The butch toyed with Lia's breasts. She kept her kisses soft around the areolae until she felt Lia tremble with impatience. When her mouth closed over one nipple Lia moaned. Her hand roamed over Lean's back as she urged on with words and movements. She hissed when teeth tugged on her nub.

Lean repeated it on the other breast. Lia was more sensitive on her left side. As she hissed again, she moaned for more. Lean rolled the nubbin between three fingers.

"Harder?"

Lia nodded.

"Tell me."

Lia's tongue flicked across suddenly dry lips.

"Harder, please."

Lean bit down and pulled.

Lia's hips started rolling. 

"Yes. Harder! Yesssss!"

Lean suckled hard, squeezing the other breast every time her mouth paused. She'd never seen a woman with breasts so sensitive. She lapped and sucked and nipped over and over again, on the underside, on the sides, and back again at Lia's nipples.

She began to sense Lia approaching her peak. She took in almost one entire breast into her mouth and began a powerful suction. Her other hand went down and began to rub at the cloth covering Lia's cunt. 

The other woman began to panic when she felt juices flood her shorts. 

Lean was amazed but refused to listen to appeals to stop. She pushed thumb and ring finger together, putting pressure on Lia's lower lips as two other fingers rolled around her clit. 

Her pursed mouth squeezed hard and pulled towards the tip of Lia's breast. She gave the other nipple a very hard twist and bit down on the other. Lia's legs gripped her hand. Her entire body shuddered as she came with a hoarse cry, calling Lean's name. 

(To be continued)