 After that first night together, loving her and drifting off to sleep with her in my arms I never wanted to be far from her again. Weeks turned into months and we had many occasions to find one another in the bedroom, on the kitchen table, the sofa and a few other places. I knew I was in love and was pretty sure things were mutual, although we've never said those three little words to one another yet...

It was a weekday, in the early afternoon when she called to ask if I'd meet her for lunch at the local cafe. I looked at my watch and smiled, my break was in twenty minutes. I told her I'd be there. I hurried and finished the report I had been working on, grabbed my suit jacket and headed out. A friend at the office must have seen the smirk on my face because she called me over to ask where I was going. I just told her I had a date, which only raised her brows in curiosity. I was sure as I hit the elevator that I'd have some explaining to do once I got back...

I got to my car, an old restored Chevy with a 350 under the hood and hopped in. I turned her over and she purred for me. There is two things in my life I love to hear, that engine purring and her screaming my name! I glanced at the leather full seat across from me as the light turns green. I got a crazy idea in my head and the need to have her returned...

As I whipped into the last possible parking spot to the cafe and I could see her through the window. She was sipping soda through a straw. Her sexy lips could get me going just by doing normal every day things! I walked in and sat down in the booth beside her instead of across from her. I slide my hand quickly down her thigh as I leaned in for a kiss. The waitress comes, interrupting our kiss and we order. We both get sandwiches and fries. We chat about how our jobs were going and the gossip we've heard around town. The whole time we were talking I massaged her thigh and had a smirk upon my face. She flushed red a couple times when people looked our direction but, gave me no hint she wanted me to stop. We ate our lunch with stolen glances and unknown giggles... 

After I pay the bill we head out of the cafe to the streets. I looked around and noticed her car wasn't there and asked her. She said her car was in the shop and she had grabbed a bus to get to the cafe. I told her to hop in and I'd drive her back to work. She smiled and got in and scooted closer to me. I grinned as I turned the car over and backed out. Oh I had something on my mind for sure! I asked her how much time she had before she had to be back to work. She took my wrist and looked at my watch, telling me an hour... 

My eyebrows raised as I heard those words. They pleased me quite a lot as I backed out of the parking lot. I told her I had something to show her as I drove. She was content with me holding her close as I drove down the freeway. I took an exit ramp off to the county park and rolled on in. I find a secluded spot, putting the car in park. She looks around puzzled as I shift in the seat. I touch her face to have her look at me, showing her my desire within my own eyes. I kiss her passionately and she returns it with a soft moan. My hand goes down her neck as we keep lip locking, finding it's way under her blouse to fondle her already perking nipples. She parted the kiss to hiss out a groan into my ear. She tells me to take her, hard. I almost climax from the sheer thrill in her voice. I kiss her throat and hike up her skirt, quickly finding my way to her mound. For some reason that day she didn't wear any thong. I cup her mound, feeling the heat and wetness, sliding two fingers between her folds. She arches to me and moans. Her breathing was harder and faster as I slipped those fingers inside of her. I push in and out of her hard and fast, curling my fingers to hit her G spot. She shutters as she climaxes but I continue to love her. I go in deep and flicker her G spot again. She screams as she climaxes a second time. I pull out of her only to start circling her clit. She moans out my name and throws back her head, raising herself to me even more. I find her little nub under it's hood and persuade it to come out only to flicker and roll it. That hit her like a Mack tuck because she tensed up, quaked and rocked. She went mildly limp as I patted her mound and pushed her skirt back down. She had an adorable smile of satisfaction and amazement on her face. I of course had that glowing smug grin... 

I put the car in drive and head for the freeway. I was very satisfied with our adventure! Hearing her scream and my car purr at the same time, so delightful. She freshens up as we get back into town using the sun visor mirror. I thought she looked quite good with her hair tousled around and her mascara running a bit but, she thought not. I chuckled as I pulled into her work's parking lot. She leaned over and gave me a quick kiss as she exits my car. She turns around and tells me that she's never done it in a car before today but looking forward to someday exploring the back seats as well. She smiles and cups my face, giving me a quick peck before she runs back to work. I raise my brows again watching her go. The more I love this woman the more amazing she becomes...