 First time I saw her, I knew I had to have her, to love her, to hear her scream my name. We had been friends for some time now. We had shared intimate details but, had never gone any farther then holding hands and just being friendly. She was adorable, her personality had floored me from the beginning, she was like a woman in my dreams... perfect. She didn't have to do much, that smile lit up my world every time I seen it and those eyes were so illuminating I just wanted to gaze upon them forever. 

I ached to have her, to taste her kiss, to feel her soft skin, to explore her body, to make love to her and to utterly satisfy her. This isn't the first time I've felt this way, there had been many a nights that she's haunted my dreams until I wake up having to service myself.

Tonight she was killing me in that feminine outfit, her hair all done up and everything. I had taken her out to the movies where we had sat holding hands and stealing glances at one another throughout the movie. Then we had gone out to eat at a nice restaurant, which we kicked up conversations about this and that. I even got her blushing a time or two, which was so cute. After dinner we headed to the local gay club for a drink and a round of laughter from the drag queens. I loved her laugh and that teeth bearing smile she gets when highly amused, so sexy and erotic in my mind. Once the show was over we went to the club's dance floor to watch, I pardoned myself making her think I had to go to the bathroom. I instead went over to the DJ and asked him to play a slow song, I didn't really care what song as long as it was slow and steady. I headed back to her and as I got within arms reach the song started. I held out my hand to her, she blushed something furious but took my hand. I lead her out to the middle of the dance floor and closed the space between us. I held the middle of her back and entwined our fingers with the other. We swayed back and forth to the song. I didn't even recognize it nor care. Smiling the soft gentle smile I do, I watched her eyes as she gazed upon me. She was enjoying the dance, as I was and that's what made it all count. After the dance I felt it was time to take her home. She chatted as I drove, talking about how much she enjoyed the night. I was thrilled that she had a great time. 

When we got to her house I walked her to the door, holding her hand. Under the star lit sky I leaned in and kissed her softly for the first time. A sweet, soft and gentle kiss. We said our goodbyes and I turned to go when she placed her hand on my shoulder and asked me if I'd come in for a glass of wine. I looked her in the eyes and knew she didn't want me to go so I nodded, following her inside.

Her apartment was exquisite, homey and filled with personal touches. As I looked around she excused herself. I kept gazing around and petting her cats, beautiful cats. A few minutes later she merged from her bedroom having to changed outfits into a comfortable pair of jeans and a T shirt. God she could look sexy in anything! She went to her kitchen and got out two glasses and some wine. She had trouble opening the wine bottle so I went over to her, taking the bottle from her but while doing so our hands touched again. She looked at me a little embarrassed as I stood firm. I leaned in and kissed her again and that was all it took. Still kissing her I placed the bottle on the counter. She wrapped her arms around my neck as my hands slid around her waist. We stood there kissing for what seemed like forever until I parted ways with her lush lips. Trailing down her neck, stopping to suckle her throat as I held her extremely close. She moaned and a mere whisper escaped her as she said a single word. Please.

That simple word took my breath away. It made me feel life like no other and carried me away. I kept kissing her neck as my hands roamed over her sexy curves with hunger. I slipped her shirt over her head to expose her bare chest, her breast round and firm. Her nipples perking, calling me to them. I cupped one as I took the other between my lips. Her flesh tasted so good, I could get lost in it as I did. I rolled her nipple, taking it between my teeth to flicker and suckle. Her moans of passion filled the air as she arched herself to me. Only seconds went by before I knew she'd climaxed from my touch. I lead her to her bed not bothering to turn on the light or look around. 

I laid her down and began again to ravish her other breast with my wolfish mouth. My hands roamed her thighs and cupped her mound through the fabric of her jeans. She raised her hips to me and moaned low and rough. I could feel the heat and dampness through her jeans which only turned me on even more. I unbuttoned her jeans and slid them off to reveal her erotic self. I kissed her hard as I entered two fingers deep inside of her. She yowled, her walls tight around my fingers. The warm of her core excited me, electrified me and sent shivers down my spine. We found a rhythm between her hips rocking and my fingers pushing in and out. Her breathing was so heavy in my ears and I know I was drenched. She tensed up and came upon my fingers but, I knew by the look in her eyes she needed more. I went down to her, pushed three fingers inside of her and flickered my tongue over her clit. She yipped moans of delight and arched her back to me. I pulsed my fingers fast and hard. Soon she was climaxing again. I slide my fingers out of her and open her folds wide. I lick her long and lingeringly, she whimperd and pleaded with me. She asked me not to tease because she needs me so much right then. I climaxed from the sheer tone of her voice. I dived into her clit, swirling, flickering, nipping, suckling, and loving it. She screams out my name until she finally explodes into my face. I lavish in her licking her juices as she gyrates, quakes and finally goes limp. 

I return to her side, enfolding her in my embrace as she dizzily pants. There is sweat upon her brows and her hair is all scattered. In her eyes I can tell she is thankful and very much in lust with me. I held her for a time, I pulled up the covers to make her warm and have her feel secure in my arms. We both drift off to sleep. It may have been the first time but, it's only the beginning...