 'This can't be happening.' Dawn thought to herself as the pleasure radiated upward from between her legs as a soft tongue slid deeply into her. Her hips arched upward searching for more as she began to moan. Opening her eyes she watched a manicured hand caress up her body and come to rest on her beautiful full breast, stroking her erect nipple. 

'This doesn't really happen...does it?' She thought again as she touched the beautiful woman's face. She had literally just met her that morning, as she was moving in down the hall from her. She was struggling with the last load of her things and Dawn offered to give her a hand. They talked as they finished unloading her car and brought them upstairs, and found they had a good deal in common. Both were artists, about the same age and even shared a similar decorating taste. They laughed as they realized they actually had one of the same pieces of wall art. She offered her a drink and they sat among the boxes chatting about normal things...job, relationships etc. 

Was it the touch of Tami's hand on her knee that did it? Or maybe the fact that Tami decided to remove her outer shirt, leaving only a shear white tank top that accented her full breasts? It might have been the look in her eyes when she said "Your so sweet." What ever it was, Dawn began to feel the tingle of arousal and decided it would be best to leave. But as she sat forward to get up, she was met with Tami's soft lips against hers. Soon their tongues danced together as Dawn reclined at Tami's urging. Dawn felt herself giving in as they continued to make out wildly. They found their way down onto the floor, tearing at each other's cloths and revealing their beautiful naked bodies to each other as they collapsed into each other. Before long, Dawn was on her back, her hair out around her as she tried to muffle the moans of pleasure escaping her as Tami touched her in a way she never had been by another woman. 

"mmmnnnfff...yeah...just like that...ohh god...yeah." Dawn moaned. It was building. A monumental orgasm was building as Tami continued to eat her out like a starved animal. 

"Uhh...oh goddddd...ooooOOOOAAAHHHH...AAAHHH...OHHHHHH" She screamed as her muscles tightened and Tami took hold of her clit in her lips guiding her through her orgasm.

Tami came up from between her legs and smiled down at Dawn who was valiantly trying to catch her breath, and wiping tears from her eyes from the intensity of her orgasm.

"Mmm...you cum good." Tami smiled as she crawled up Dawn's heaving body. 

"Ohhh...oh god..." Dawn whimpered. "A...a girl..." she stammered. "A girl...I got off with, a girl."

"Yah...you did." Tami said as she took one of Dawn's nipples into her mouth. "I hope you like giving it as much as getting it." She giggled.

Tami continue to crawl up Dawn's body until she was straddling her mouth. Dawn reached up and took hold of Tami's wrists and held them together behind her.

"Ooo yeahhhh." Tami cooed. 

Dawn wasn't gay, but at that moment she genuinely wanted to taste Tami's pussy and she began to show Tami just how much she wanted it. The first fifteen minutes they stayed just like that. Dawn restrained Tami's wrist as Tami rode Dawn's talented tongue. When Dawn let go of her wrists Tami fell forward onto the nearest chair gasping. Dawn quickly sat up and positioned her self behind Tami. Leaning over, Dawn again went to work on Tami's soaked pussy from behind.

"Ohhh...Ohhh...yeah...ohhhhhh...fuck me...oh yes...ooohhh." Tami cried into the cushions. Dawn began fingering herself as she continued to lick Tami's pussy. She came hard and loud. Leaning her breasts against Tami's back, she caressed her body up and down.

"T...tell mme...tell me we're not...th-through." Tami moaned.

"You want more?" Dawn breathed into her ear.

"Yess." 

"You can have all you want." Dawn answered as she sat back and turned Tami around. The light sweat from their bodies swirled together as they pressed breast to breast and made out softly.

"This is going to be a long night." Tami smiled.