 Hi again guys. Sorry for the extreme delay. I had actually written up a chapter a while back, but I didn't like it so much. So I scrapped it and rewrote the whole thing. This turned out much better in my opinion.

I'd like to thank everyone who liked and commented on the first chapter. I'm really happy you liked it so much. Please leave a comment down below letting me know how you felt about this. I really appreciate those. Thanks

-Duke

EDIT: All grammar I found errors have been edited out.

~~~~~

I roamed around the courtyard for the remainder of my time, desperately searching for something to bring me down from my sexual high. I did not want to walk into class with a leaking faucet for a pussy.

I took a peek at my phone, checking that I had around twenty minutes to do so before my Chemistry class began. Slowly, I made my way to the classroom, as it was quite far from where I was currently standing.

"Cathy." I heard a voice call me from behind.

It was Michael, a guy I recognized as Sanju's classmate from her Contemporary Art class. "Hi Michael. What happened?"

"I got a new PC, but I don't know how to configure it. Can you help me set it up later?"

"Sure, I can do that. But I'm a little curious as to why you asked me instead of Rob. I thought you were pretty good friends with him."

"We are. But he's busy with his girlfriend Naomi."

"Rob has a girlfriend?! When did that happen?!"

"They've been dating since January. Anyway, please help me out. I've been really excited about it since the last few parts came in the mail this morning." He took my hands in his and pleaded me.

"I'm sorry, but I can't."

"Why?"

"I... I'm... going out with... Sanju."

"Don't lie to me. I've already had a chat with Sanju. In fact, she was the one who directed me to you in the first place."

I cursed my best friend under my breath.

"Please..." Michael brought out his best impersonation of a puppy... and unfortunately, it worked.

"Fine... I'll do it."

"Great! I'll pick you up after your last class at 5. Thanks and bye." He placed a kiss on my cheek and then ran towards the cafeteria. I brought a hand to my cheek and rubbed it. Immediately I searched around for any onlookers. Lucky for me, there was only one lonely girl sitting on bench with her head buried in a book, otherwise the place was deserted.

I felt considerably relieved. Even though I didn't tell many people that I was a lesbian, I still am one. And it is fine if people assume I'm straight because I never said anything otherwise, but I wouldn't want to imply that I am. Especially now that I finally have some semblance of a relationship with Elizabeth.

"Fuck, what am I going to tell Elizabeth?"

I took out my phone and instantly typed out a message for her.

~~~~~

To: Elizabeth <3

22nd March 2017, 14:56

Something came up. I can't meet you after school today.

I'm really really REALLY sorry. I will make it up to you tomorrow.

I promise.

Cathy

~~~~~

The time on my phone made me realize that I had four minutes to rush to the other side of the campus for my next class. And I had to go around the construction site of the new academics building.

I stuffed my phone back in my pocket and made a beeline for the old academics building.

~~~~~

Our Chemistry teacher surprised us by letting us leave 20 minutes early. It was something that rarely happened at our high school, so it was safe to say we were pleasantly surprised by this. Although, Ms. Martinez was one of the younger and 'cooler' teachers, so if anyone was going to let us go early, it would probably be her. And because I got here nearly five minutes late, I was in class for only about 25 minutes.

Unfortunately, Ms. Martinez is quite strict when it comes to cellphone usage in class, so I couldn't check for Elizabeth's reply even though I desperately wanted to do so. The occasional vibration for each notification did nothing to quell that desperation.

"Umm... Cathy... could you come with me to my office? I need to talk to you about something... Oh and help me with those papers, won't you." She pointed at two stacks of unchecked 11th grade test papers.

I groaned internally, before picking up the bigger stack and following her to her office.

When we neared her door, she shifted her stack over to me and fished for her keys in her bag. By the time we were inside and I set them down on her table, my hands were getting a little cramped.

"Sorry... I probably shouldn't have brought all of the 11th grade test sheets to class. I thought I could get through them quite quickly but I overestimated my speed... and my concentration."

"It's alright. I could do with the exercise."

"You probably could. I presume you spend most of your time indoors, playing video games."

"How do so many people know about that? Am I actually famous at our high school?"

"No... I heard about it from some of your friends. Anyway, how was your weekend? Did you do anything special? Go out somewhere with your friends?"

Somehow, I got the impression that she wasn't just engaging in small talk anymore. Her eyes were trained on me intently, akin to an expert detective interrogating a murder suspect. Wait... Did she see us leave the hotel? Did she see Elizabeth?! Did she see us drinking?! That would be really bad.

Cautiously I replied with the safest answer I had. "No... I was just... playing video games."

Her expression became much softer and she moved closer to me, grabbing my hand and rubbing it smoothly with her fingers. I must be honest, it felt quite nice.

"It's okay dear, this is a safe space. You can tell me if you're still in the closet. I saw you at the pride march on Sunday dressed in rainbow colored clothes and dancing during that Hayley Kiyoko performance."

I sighed in relief. The Hayley Kiyoko concert was long before I had my first sip of alcohol that day. That meant it was before I met Elizabeth. It also meant Ms. Martinez probably hadn't seen her either because she would've had her face paint still on. Besides, there's no guarantee that she recognized her, since I've never seen a Business Studies student take any Chemistry class... At least I hope so.

"Oh... that. Yeah, I... went to the pride march on Sunday."

She pulled me into a hug and started rubbing my back softly with her hands. "There, was that so hard dear?"

"No Ms. Ma-"

"Call me Lucy, dear."

"No Lucy... Because I'm already out to my parents. I have been for a year or so."

Immediately she let me out of her hug, but still kept me at an arms distance. "What? Then how..."

"I never told anyone at school, but the important people know. With only a year left, I didn't want to become the next scandal this school can just chew up and spit back out much worse than before. I was happy with my video games."

"Oh... That was... quite brave of you."

Suddenly, I got an idea that could be beneficial to more than just me. "Lucy... Were you expecting to be heroic teacher who brings the closeted lesbian out of the darkness and into the light of freedom?"

"I... may have spent my Sunday night dreaming about that... I mean, as a lesbian I know many guys and girls will come out during high school. So I thought I would get the chance to help one come out at least once in the four years that I've been teaching at this place. Not one in four years! Can you believe that? And the first lesbian student I find is already out."

I placed a hand on her shoulder. "It's alright Lucy. I promise, the next closeted lesbian I find, I will bring her straight to you."

"Thank you dear. And remember, whatever happens I'm here for you, even if it isn't related to your sexuality. You were always one of my favorite students in class, even before I found out you were a lesbian."

"Thanks Lucy."

Just before I walked out of her office, I turned back to her. "Lucy, you said I was the first lesbian student you found here. Does that mean there are some teachers who are not straight?"

She took a deep breath, as if she was contemplating telling me about it. Finally, after a full minute of silence, she answered. "There's... Mr. Roberts the P.E. teacher, Jameson the Janitor... and my girlfriend... Ms. Kerns, our Principal."

My eyebrows shot up to my scalp. Our principal was a rug muncher? Wow, talk about unexpected.

"Cathy dear, please don't spread the word about that. It's hard enough for her to do her job as a woman. If word got out that she was a lesbian, there will be unnecessary backlash from conservative parents, especially a few who already do not respect her because she is a woman. I know, it's 2017 and the LGBT community is much more accepted than ever before, even by that person we have to call president. But it's still an issue when you talk about a school's principal."

"Alright, I won't spread the word. Though I can't say I'll ever be able to look at her the same again."

"I understand. Thank you dear."

I grabbed my phone from my pocket.

3 missed calls. 6 messages.

I was about to open them, but then I noticed the time. 16:04.

"Fuck, I'm late again."

"I will excuse the cursing this time. Next time, please keep your tongue on a leash, at least around you teachers. As for being late, inform your teacher that you were in my office helping me with some papers." She gave me a light smile.

"Thank You." I said, before rushing out of the room. Luckily, the next class was right around the corner, so I won't be delayed any further. I was already low on attendance, which is the only thing that could crush my dream of getting into college. The teachers never said much because I scored well enough on the tests, until I got an email from the aforementioned Ms. Kerns that I could be held back because of that. I haven't missed a class since until the previous day, when I woke up in bed well past noon with a hangover and a naked Elizabeth Baker. It had become so late by the time I came back home that Sanju's classes were over.

~~~~~

I walked into class, hoping for a seat at the back so I could chat with Elizabeth without anyone peeping into my phone.

Unfortunately, I couldn't get one as they were all occupied. But I did manage to snag a seat by the left wall halfway up the row, so I was reasonably secluded.

Mr. Jordan turned his class into a silent study hall, but it was safe to say everyone was either on their phone or 'otherwise occupied'.

I pulled out my phone, finally getting the chance to access the messages I have so desperately been wanting to for the past hour.

One of the missed calls was from Sanju, but the other two were from Elizabeth.

~~~~~

From: Sanju

22nd March 2017, 15:01

I hope Michael managed to find you.

He was really excited for some geeky thing.

Help him out for me. He's kinda cute even though he's a nerd.

Love

~~~~~

From: Elizabeth <3

22nd March 2017, 15:07

Why? What happened?

Elizabeth

~~~~~

From: Elizabeth <3

22nd March 2017, 15:23

I was really looking forward to it.

You'd better have something good up your sleeve tomorrow.

Elizabeth

~~~~~

From: Elizabeth <3

22nd March 2017, 15:37

You have no idea how horny I was imagining your face in between my legs licking my pussy.

You remember my cute pink pussy don't you? You remember the way it was oozing cum for you?

Your horny Elizabeth.

~~~~~

From: Elizabeth <3

22nd March 2017, 15:40

Tell you a little secret. After I got back to friends, I felt that my panties were too drenched from all of the cum leaking out of my pussy.

So... I rushed to the bathroom, took them off and stuffed them in my pocket.

I was hoping to surprise you with that after school.

Too bad you're busy with 'something'.

Your commando Elizabeth.

~~~~~

From: Elizabeth <3

22nd March 2017, 16:01

Because you're too busy today, I accepted when my friends invited me out for shopping.

We'll see about things tomorrow.

Elizabeth.

~~~~~

"Fuck!"

The people sitting around turned to stare at me. Even Mr. Roberts stopped his paperwork and shot me a hard glare.

"Sorry." I apologized sheepishly. But even that sudden scare didn't help with the heat rapidly pooling in my core. If I hadn't been called into Ms. Martinez's office, I would've had a chance to cancel the plan with Michael so I could return to pleasing my promiscuous minx.

I pulled out my phone and typed out a message to her and then one to my so called best friend Sanju.

~~~~~

To: Elizabeth <3

22nd March 2017, 16:34

I'm seriously regretting my decision to skip out on you.

I'm really sorry. I assure you, I will spend tomorrow between your legs, and nothing can tell me otherwise.

Cathy

~~~~~

To: Sanju

22nd March 2017, 16:38

I'm cross with you.

I had to cancel on sex with Elizabeth because Michael was getting too pushy and I couldn't refuse him without telling him about it.

And then she started sexting me about how horny she was.

Ugh, why did you send me such a hyped up clingy guy?

A very pissed and frustrated Cathy

~~~~~

I leaned back in my chair and spent the rest of the class thinking of the most disgusting things I could imagine to try and snub my arousal.

~~~~~

"You ready to go? Because I'm so ready."

"Yeah..." I sighed. I was currently sitting in Michael's car, about to go to his house and help him build a PC, when instead I could have been licking the snatch of the hottest girl in school. What am I doing with my life?

After much emotional self-abuse, I came to a conclusion that I should just get this bullshit over with and refrain from focusing too much on what I am missing right now. I can beat myself over it later tonight when I'm in bed.

"Do you have a car?" He asked me out of the blue.

"Yeah."

"So, should I leave you back here when we're...?"

"No, it's fine. Sanju will take the car home."

"Okay... So, do you play a lot of games?" I guess he is just trying to make small talk to lighten the mood. Was I brooding too much?

"Yeah, I do. Even more so for the past few weeks, since we don't have much to do."

"What do you play?"

"COD, Skyrim, DOTA2, and PubG for multiplayer. As for single player, I recently got my hands on a copy of Dishonored 2. It was amazing, though I liked Dishonored 1 better."

"Cool. I played Far Cry 3 on Bob's PC a while ago. It was amazing." We continued our discussion on video games for another 20 minutes before we made it to Michael's house. At the very least the conversation distracted me from my other thoughts. As soon as we got to his house, I rushed him to his room so we can begin setting it up.

~~~~~

It took us over 2 hours to assemble the whole thing. He really did mean parts when told me about it earlier. We even had to assemble the cooling system right from the screws. The whole setup seemed like something an enthusiast would buy.

What made it harder was that he didn't know anything about computers. I was genuinely surprised when he came to me and asked what a motherboard does. Then explaining took up around half the time we were there.

And after we were done with the physical hardware, we had to install the system software, like Windows. That took another long and tiring hour.

It was nine o'clock by the time we were done with all of the important installations.

"I did NOT expect it to take that long." Michael wiped the sweat off his forehead as I took a huge gulp from our bottle of coke.

"Any assembly from scratch would take just as much time as this did. But when you said you wanted to set this up, you never told me you bought everything in unassembled parts. I thought you purchased an assembled set of devices and we just had to connect them. That's what most people do. Only enthusiasts buy all of it in individual parts and then assemble it by themselves."

"Right... Sorry about that."

"It's alright."

We were silent for a moment as we polished off the last of our coke.

"Hey... Do you... maybe... want to get dinner?"

I turned to him and the two of us stared at each other for a few seconds. He almost seemed... guilty, and then everything made a bit more sense.

"Bob doesn't really have a girlfriend, does he?"

"Ha... Like he would ever gather the courage to ask someone out. Especially someone as cute as Naomi." I was getting a little more pissed at this entire incident.

"I don't know who Naomi is."

"Oh, she's-"

"What I meant to say was I don't care who Naomi is." I almost felt bad, even though I was the one lashing out at him. Almost.

"Right... Sorry."

"Did you even need help building this?"

"Yes, of course. I didn't lie about that part. I definitely wouldn't have been able to assemble that. Though I did read about connecting the finished devices." Michael pointed at the result of our handiwork for the past few hours.

"Okay..." At least there's that.

"Look, I really didn't plan for today to go this way. I wanted to quickly assemble this in an hour or so, possibly impress you in the process, and then ask you out for an evening snack or something. I'm really sorry."

I sighed. At least he had the balls to try. I spent a year as a lesbian cooped up in my bed playing video games, hoping something would just magically happen to me. Not that I was entirely wrong, but I did have to take a trip to the pride march and get drunk before the magic began.

"Alright... I forgive you. But I also have to turn you down, though it's not for the reason you think."

"Oh, then what..."

"I mean yeah, you could've planned the date a little better. Probably try your luck at something you both know at least a little bit next time, instead of something you clearly don't. But the main reason I will not date you is because I don't date guys."

"But all our tests are over..."

I laughed out at his assumption. "Let me rephrase that. I will not date you because I am a lesbian."

"Oh."

"Yeah oh. And no, Sanju is not my girlfriend. She's just a really close childhood friend of mine."

"Okay..."

We stood in an awkward silence.

"Look, I'll Uber home or something."

"Bu-" I raised a hand to stop him.

"It'll be weird, and I don't want that. Just let it go. I will make it home by myself."

"Okay..."

~~~~~

I finally made it home by around ten in the night. On the way home I grabbed some Chinese takeout from Wang's Kitchen for me and Sanju.

"You're finally home."

"Yeah."

She rushed over and wrapped her hands around my neck.

"I'm really sorry. I didn't know about..."

"It's alright. I have a lot to tell you. Today was the weirdest day I've ever had in my entire life."

"Even more than the time we found my aunt's ball gag, and it turned out it actually belonged to my uncle."

"Hmm... Maybe not that much, but it was still pretty damn weird. It's more of series of weird things one after the other, instead of one big traumatizing moment of weirdness."

"I'll get the forks, you set up the table."

"On it."

"Everything started right after physics class, when I ran into Elizabeth on my way out. She pulled me aside and then we sorted things out about who I am, who I have told, who I won't tell... everything. Then we went out behind the cafeter-"
