 In the back of my mind I knew I was way over the line, but I was finding it harder to resist my lustful urges.

Lara gave me the address and we had split into two groups. Sister Kate rode with me while Lara, Samantha and Felicity took a separate cab. Their cab pulled out first, we followed.

As we travelled downtown I felt increasingly anxious. The orgy at my apartment was one thing, but I had no idea what we were going to do now.

Suddenly there was a sultry voice in my ear, Jessica.

"Don't worry," she whispered, "This is going to be great."

"This is so wrong," I said.

I looked over at Sister Kate. She had slipped back into her habit but looked even more dishevelled. More importantly, I could see the confusion in her eyes.

"Don't worry about her," said Jessica, "She looks upset, but she's still wet where it counts."

"We can't do this."

Silence. The cabs had moved into traffic and had slowed down considerably.

"Can you see the other cab in front of us?" asked Jessica.

"I'm not blind."

"Look inside."

I focused on the other cab. Something was wrong.

Felicity! The other two were there, but I couldn't see my sister in the back seat.

As I searched for her I noticed that the driver was taking every chance to peek at his passengers. Lara was sitting on the left, her head was lying back on the seat. Samantha was talking to her.

Suddenly Felicity's head rose from below. She and Samantha shared a passionate kiss. Once they were finished Felicity ducked down again, this time in front of Samantha.

My sister was going down on my boss and a near stranger! No wonder their driver was so interested! I idly wondered how much it took to convince my sis to do that. Maybe she was an exhibitionist and I never noticed?

I glanced back at Sister Kate. She seemed to have calmed down, she had a hand up under the bottom of her habit.

We eventually arrived at Kairi's building.

I paid our driver and told him not to wait. The guy in the other cab didn't want any money, he told me the show was payment enough. I had a feeling he would be taking a break soon so he could relieve himself.

The front door to the building was unlocked. We hurried inside and squeezed into an elevator together, on the way up Lara and Felicity shared a few passionate kisses.

We arrived, and the others stood back as I knocked on Kairi's door.

"Who's there?" came an unfamiliar voice.

"Is this Kairi Marley's apartment?" I asked.

The door opened.

"Kairi lives with me. I'm her mother, Anne."

Anne wasn't exactly young, but time had been kind to her. She was wearing a long skirt and a gray sweater that was just tight enough to show off her massive breasts. Her dark black hair was tied into a sensible ponytail, leaving her sweet features completely visible. The expression on her face told me this might be a hard sell.

"It's a little late for visitors," she said.

"We're friends."

"She's in bed right now."

Lara stepped forward, "That's fine, we'd like to talk to you if we could."

Anne looked us over then reluctantly stepped back, I led the group inside.

There weren't enough seats for everybody, Felicity graciously offered to stand.

"So," said Anne, "What is this about?"

I opened my mouth to reply but was interrupted by Samantha.

"On your knees," she ordered Felicity.

My sister knelt down in front of Samantha, spread her knees and started casually eating her out.

Anne's eyes nearly popped out of her head, but she didn't say anything.

Without a word Sister Kate made her way over to Lara and also got down on her knees.

Lara let out a soft sigh, "You aren't looking away? Enjoy the show."

Anne stayed silent.

"So," said Lara, "Are you into women?"

"I'm married," answered Anne.

"And yet you can't look away."

Anne blushed, but continued to watch the lewd scenes.

"Why don't we help Anne?" Lara said.

Sister Kate and Felicity got up and made their way over to the stunned mother. The two women carefully stripped off Anne's sweater, revealing a cotton shirt without a bra. In seconds the pair of mouths were licking at the twin orbs through the thin material. Anne's mouth hung open.

"It's good, isn't it?" asked Lara.

Anne nodded.

A flurry of hands began roaming beneath Anne's skirt. She let out a ragged breath and arched her back in response.

Suddenly it was over.

Anne's face was dripping in lust.

"Do you want more?" Lara asked.

Anne nodded again.

"I have a wicked idea," I said, "I think we should test her."

"Anne," said Samantha, "If you want to be eaten, first you will have to eat."

"Who?" I asked.

Silence.

Lara grinned, "How about we make her eat Kairi?"

Anne shook her head.

"Well I guess we could just go?" Lara said.

Anne's eyes flashed for a second, then she appeared to collapse in on herself.

"My daughter?"

"Yes!" said Lara.

Anne stood and reluctantly led us to Kairi's room. We entered silently, leaving the light off for the moment.

Inside Lara carefully peeled back the blankets. Kairi was wearing a long shirt that left a clear outline of her body beneath.

Anne climbed onto the end of the bed and sat there.

"Eat," ordered Lara.

Anne very slowly lifted her daughters shirt, revealing Kairi's long toned legs and lacy panties.

Kairi muttered, but didn't awaken.

Anne seemed reluctant, so Lara moved in and took the panties off. I could feel every eye in the room focusing on the area between those innocent thighs.

Lara gently grabbed Anne's ponytail and pushed her face down. Anne stuck out her tongue and gingerly licked at her daughters pussy lips.

The room was silent as the hot mother gently ate her daughter out.

Kairi slowly responded to the oral attention she was recieving. Her breathing sped up, and as the licking intensified Kairi began grinding her hips into her mother's face.

Several members of my little group were now openly masturbating as they watched the erotic scene play out.

Suddenly Kairi opened her eyes. Anne stopped.

"Mom? Wh-what are you doing?" Kairi asked groggily.

Anne looked over to Lara, then back to her sexy daughter.

"Can't you tell? I'm a dirty slut and I'm eating out my daughter."

Kairi opened her mouth, probably to complain, but her mother interrupted her by resuming her actions.

"Mom, this is so wrong... oh God you have to stop before you make me come..."

Kairi reached down and entangled her fingers in her mothers hair. She pulled the head from between her legs.

"Don't you want to come?" begged Anne in a pained voice, "Wouldn't you like to come on mommy's face?"

Kairi blushed and glanced around the room.

"Do it," came the unanimous response.

Kairi attempted to resist her primal urge to climax, her mother gently forced her mouth against her pussy once more.

"Oh God mom, you're so good!"

"Please," begged Anne between licks, "Come on mommy's face."

Kairi's orgasm was quiet, but obvious. Anne sat up an smiled, her face wet and sticky with her daughters juices.

"What a devoted mother," said Lara, "and so talented. We must put that tongue to good use."

Lara quickly climbed onto the bed and knelt over Kairi's face. Very quickly there was a tongue on her pussy and another up her ass.

"Oh! It looks like your daughter follows her mothers footsteps!"