 Amanda didn't want to let Katie leave her. She was falling hard for Vida Reyes's new employee. Amanda loved everything about Katie, the way her hair fluttered in the wind, they way her forehead crinkled when Katie was confused, the way Katie's breasts were so soft to her touch. She wanted to hold Katie in her arms for ever and have Katie's smell on her at all times. Amanda also wanted to give Katie all the orgasms she could handle. 

Amanda knew that Katie could only take so much excitement before passing out. It was a turn-on Amanda wanted to see happen again.

Saturday was a total blast. The girls spent the morning by Vida's pool, did a little shopping in the afternoon then went out for dinner. It was near 10 p.m. When Amanda drove Katie back to Vida's house. Vida was expected to return later in the week and had asked Amanda, her assistant at Xeytmew, to house sit during her absence.

It was during the drive home that Amanda told Katie her true feelings.

"Katie, I know this is going to sound awkward as we have only been together for a day, but I can't hide my feelings for you. This may be a crush, but its a hard crush. I have a hard crush on you."

"I have feelings for you Amanda. This is the first relationship I have had as an adult where I am not, well, you know, being told what to do. It feels so free and being around you makes me happy."

They got to the house and went to the living room to catch the latest episode of TMZ. They sat on the plush couch next to each other. Amanda couldn't contain herself and started kissing Katie's cheek, her ear lobe, kisses on her neck and as Katie turned her head, more kisses on her lips.

Amanda began rubbing Katie's breasts through her top and started tweaking her nipples. Katie put her hand on Amanda's thigh as she kept breathing deeper and heavier as Amanda was getting bolder and pushing Katie to a quick orgasm.

"Amanda, I don't know what's happening, but I think I'm going to cum."

Katie wasn't usually so sensitive to orgasms; She normally couldn't cum just from someone pressing on her nipples. 

Amanda could feel Katie's nipples were rock hard. She reached under Katie's top and under her bra to place her hands and fingers on Katie's breasts. This direct contact caused Katie to reach a new height of ecstasy. Amanda continued stimulating Katie's nipples and areolas and the fleshy part of her breasts until Katie couldn't hold back. Her body began to shake and she threw her head back as her pussy was convulsing in an orgasm.

Katie looked into Amanda's eyes. She was weary but wanted to kiss Amanda. They clocked lips as Amanda continued manipulating Katie's nipples. Katie started breathing heavily again, and begged Amanda to help her remove her top and bra. Now Katie was topless sitting next to Amanda who had yet to take off any of her clothes. She continued twisting and pulling Katie's nipples until Katie was at the brink of another orgasm. Then she stopped, Katie looked at her and Amanda told her to remove her skirt and panties. Katie didn't hesitate at the order.

She sat nude on Amanda's lap and they kissed hard for a few minutes, with Katie pressing her body into Amanda to keep warm. Amanda told Katie to lay down on the couch. Katie's butt was in Amanda's lap, which made it easy for Amanda to start touching Katie's bare pussy. Katie was already close to orgasm before and it wouldn't take much more to get her off again. 

Amanda started by lightly running a finger up and down Katie's slick labia. She loved to watch Katie's face as she traced her pussy with a finger. Katie's eyes got wide begging Amanda to finger fuck her to cum. Amanda relented and inserted two fingers into Katie's pussy. They slipped right in and Amanda moved them in and out while still having a hand on Katie's left breast. Amanda added a third finger and used her thumb to rub against Katie's clitoris. It was getting to be too much for Katie to handle. Katie watched as much of the action as she could before closing her eyes and breathing deeply. As Amanda increased the speed of her fingers, she also started to twist Katie's nipple and Katie started moaning uncontrollably. Amanda began pinching Katie's clit between two fingers. 

These new actions were too much for Katie as her second orgasm of the day exploded from within her. She bucked wildly rubbing her pussy against the still clothed leg of Amanda. Katie bit her lip and came hard on Amanda's fingers which were buried deep in her pussy, the action causing a shudder to course through Katie's whole body. Amanda removed her fingers from Katie's pussy and placed them to her mouth, licking the cum off them as Katie smiled in delight.

Amanda was loving watching Katie and didn't want to stop. She lowered her lips to Katie's breasts and started to suck on the nipples. First she attacked the left one by drawing circles around it with her tongue, only to quickly and repeatedly flick up against it. Without warning, she sucked the whole hard nipple into her mouth and sucked hard. Amanda bit lightly on the nipple, causing Katie to let out a sigh.

Amanda started to kiss her way down Katie's body. She continued her quest downward stopping at the belly button to tongue fuck it. She licked Katie's belly button for quite some time until Katie was begging Amanda to lick her a little further down, and she placed her hands on the top of Amanda's head and pushed her downwards.

Katie's sudden aggression caused an increase in the heat flowing outward from between Amanda's legs. She loved being forced down to Katie's pussy, where she found Katie's clit standing at attention. Amanda inhaled deeply through her nose and the scent of Katie's cum drove her past the edge. She went at Katie with a force, touching her outer labia while licking her inner labia. She tongue fucked Katie while rubbing her clit. Katie was moaning loudly and her back was arching up. Amanda continued mouth fucking Katie and playing her with pussy until Katie couldn't help but cum a third time. Katie nearly passed out, her orgasm was so strong.

Amanda was caught by surprise when Katie came so hard so quickly, but never missing a beat, Amanda proceeded to lap up all the goo that Katie's pussy had to offer. The taste was magnificent, the thick goo coated all of Amanda's mouth and made her pussy flow in response. 

"Mmm you taste good." Amanda grabbed Katie's arms and lifted her closer and kissed her full on the mouth, letting Katie taste some of her own cum.

"Amanda, I think that's all I can take. Let's go to bed." Amanda helped Katie off the couch and they walked up the stairs, with Amanda catching herself staring at Katie's butt as it swayed right to left and right to left again and again. When they got to Vida's bedroom, Katie turned to give Amanda a goodnight kiss, but Amanda wasn't done. She pushed Katie causing her to flop on her back on the bed.

Amanda, still wearing her clothes, attacked her lover and began pinching Katie's nipples, both of them at the same time. She felt them grow hard in her fingers and the pleasure began building between Katie's legs, it took all the self control that she could muster to not frantically rubbing Katie's heated cunt as she wanted to prolong Katie's pleasure and somehow Amanda managed despite how hot she was herself. She slowly brought her thumb and forefinger from each hand to her mouth and wet them, only to have them return to Katie's nipples and tweak away, causing the heat between her legs to rise once again. 

Amanda relented to Katie's pleas and started by rubbing the outer lips of Katie's pussy seductively. First, she brought her fingers slowly up the lips, and then slowly back down, the whole time gently pressing into them. Next Amanda rubbed in a circular pattern over the outer lips. When she started this motion, Katie felt her orgasm release and she bucked the air violently. As the first waves of pleasure washed over her, Katie let out a deep moan. It was her fourth orgasm of the evening and Katie was pretty well spent. Her body was sweaty and her hair was a tangled mess. 

Katie blacked out for a few minutes. Amanda kept teasing her nipples and licking Katie's lips. At the same time, Katie was dreaming she was being carried in Amanda's arms to a hot bubble bath. Amanda took off her clothes and got into the bath with Katie. carried Katie into the bathroom and started the bath running. She added some bath salts and placed Katie in the tub as it filled with hot water. Katie watched in awe as Amanda undressed and joined her for an evening soak.

Katie woke up from her unconscious state and was still feeling the after shocks from the orgasm. She looked down and saw Amanda, naked except for a pair of panties, using two of her fingers stroking the slit of Katie's pussy. Seeing their her captive was awake, Amanda slowly and delicately began to finger fuck her. 

"Hey sleepy head. Ready for another round?"

"Amanda... I need to... catch... my... breath... please..." Katie couldn't finish her sentence as Amanda knew what buttons to push to make Katie an orgasmic machine. Katie ran her hands over her head and through her wet hair. She never had so many orgasms in a row, and she knew she was headed down the road for another.

Amanda stripped out of her panties and planted her pussy on Katie's face while still using her fingers to delicately stroke her lover's pussy. Katie responded by licking Amanda's labia, which tasted so sweet it made Katie lick deeper. With one hand Amanda started to roll Katie's clit between her fingers, while she continued to stroke her two fingers in and out of Katie's pussy.

As she felt Amanda's fingers return to her pussy, Katie moaned uncontrollably. Being as overloaded as she was with pleasure, it was all Katie could do to attempt to speak but her words were muffled by Amanda's pussy which was spreading its wetness all over Katie's face.

Katie suddenly found herself out of breath. Her back was arched, and her head was tilted back, her mouth was open, it looked as though she was trying to say something but couldn't. A thin sheen of sweat was beginning to cover her body. 

Amanda noticed the increased breathing and tension in Katie's body. She started bucking her pussy on Katie's face as if she were riding a horse, going back and forth against Katie's mouth and nose until she came and shot her come in Katie's open mouth, face and hair. 

All the activity was too much for Katie to handle. She lost her control and let go in a massive orgasm, squirting all over Amanda's hands which continued moving in and out of Katie's vagina. Her cum flowed and flowed all over, covering Amanda's hand. 

Finally her orgasm subsided and Katie collapsed onto the bed sweating and panting. Amanda got on top of Katie and they kissed for a few minutes, holding each other after their latest orgasm. 

Katie was falling for Amanda. She loved being with Amanda and would do anything for her just to kiss her lips and have Amanda's arms wrapped around her body. 

Amanda led Katie out of bed and they walked to the bathroom. Amanda sat Katie on the edge of the tub. After the hot water mixed with the bath salts, Amanda picked Katie up and placed her in the tub and got in beside her. Katie leaned her head on Amanda's shoulder and fell asleep.