 *Author's Note:

For those who have read my first submission, this one involves the same characters; however, it would take place at least a year prior to that story. Also, this one is a lot more story driven than "Mark's Surprise".

Again, comments and constructive criticism are greatly appreciated. Hope you enjoy.

***

I return to work on Monday with dread. As great as the conference in Vegas was, and the days home with Mark after, I know all the work from the past week would be piled on my desk. Sometimes I wondered if taking time off work was worth it.

As I boot up my computer to see how many emails I need to go through, my phone rings. I look at it, confused and angry. I'm not supposed to be back until tomorrow, who could be calling? I answer on the third ring, "hello?"

"Ah, Nicole," Thomas, the head of our HR department, says through the phone, "I thought I saw your car outside. Could you come down here for a moment?" I should start taking a cab to work.

I groan inwardly. The last thing I want to do first thing on a Monday morning is go see Thomas. Especially a Monday where work is piled on my desk, I'm supposed to be still off, and I had an argument with him last time I was in the office. "Yeah," I say, "I'm on my way."

I walk down the flight of stairs, muttering to myself, annoyed at the fact that I was already being interrupted. It was going to be one of those days where I get nothing accomplished. I can just feel it. So much for coming in for an hour or two just to get a jump on things.

I walk into Thomas's office and stop short. To my great surprise I see the tanned skin and blond curly hair I became familiar with in Vegas. Thankfully, Katrina looks equally surprised to see me.

"Nicole, meet your new assistant Katrina. We hired her while you were off, since you were so adamant that you need one," Thomas says, completely oblivious to the shock on both our faces. I've never been more thankful for his lack of observation skills. Thomas continues, "She does have some experience in inventory management, so training her should be quick and easy."

"You hired me an assistant without involving me in the hiring process?" I ask, tearing my eyes away from Katrina and focusing on Thomas.

Thomas shrugged, "You said you needed one ASAP. In fact I believe your exact words were 'if I don't have an assistant by the time I'm back from Vegas, I'm fucking out of here'. So, here's your assistant. Don't worry Nicole. She's great, you're going to love her."

Katrina smiles at him, "I'm sure she will." With that Thomas waves his hand in dismissal.

I look back to Katrina, "follow me." 

"Absolutely boss," Katrina says.

I lead Katrina back up the stairs in silence. How is this my new assistant? It was supposed to be one night, then I never see her again. That's how these things are supposed to go. That's what a fling is. She's not supposed to become a part of my life. I most certainly am not supposed to become her boss.

Upstairs I am greeted by James, a member of our IT department. "Hey Nicole," he says smiling right past me at Katrina, his eyes slowly shifting down as he takes in her curves ending at her long alluring legs. "I'm here to set up your new girl. New cubicle has been added, very close to your office. Computer was just brought up. It's going to take me about an hour, so you have some time to get her acquainted."

"That sounds great," Katrina says from behind me, "it would be nice to get acquainted boss." I resist biting my lip. That needs to stop. I'm not sure what it is; but, I can't have her keep calling me boss.

"Thank you James," I say, and I motion Katrina into my office. As we enter I continue, "I'm not sure what exactly you were told about the job. Primarily, I will need you to answer the phone, track down late deliveries, and run several reports for me." I sit in my chair and motion for Katrina to sit in the chair on the other side of the desk. "Once you have that down we will see about adding additional responsibilities."

Katrina sits in the chair and leans on her arms, giving me a view of her cleavage. She raises an eyebrow. "Are we not going to talk about ..."

"Be quiet," I harshly whisper, forcing myself to look at her gorgeous face, "these walls are paper thin. Vegas didn't happen, do you understand? I can't have anyone finding out about that."

"Why didn't you say anything? Tell them not me or something?" Katrina whispers back with a smile.

"What would I say?" my voice still harsh despite the whisper, "I desperately need an assistant; oh, but not her. Why not? Good question. Um, because I FUCKED her while on a company paid trip. I don't have a leg to stand on for refusing you. Not after I fought for an assistant. So now, I am your boss, and you answer my phone. And we never speak of Vegas. In fact, we met 10 minutes ago. Understand?"

Katrina smiles sweetly, twirling her hair around her index finger, "whatever you say boss." 

I open my mouth to demand that she drops the whole 'boss' thing; but, can't seem to find the appropriate words. I don't think my day can get any worse. 

I spend the next hour showing Katrina our computer system, where to find current inventory levels on hand, what's expected to come in and when, etc. I show her how to run the reports I will need and I take her through the rough flow of our inventory. I am surprised at how quickly she seems to pick it up and at how thorough her notes are.

James knocks and peaks his head in. "All set up. You're ready to go Katrina."

"Her email is set up?" I ask.

"Sure is," he says, still looking at Katrina.

I look at Katrina, "Go and log in to your computer and get comfortable with it. I am going to go through my emails, then leave as I'm not supposed to be here today. I'm sure I'll forward enough of them to you to keep you busy for today."

"You got it boss," Katrina says, jumping up and following James out. I catch myself staring at her swaying hips as she leaves and mentally chastise myself. 

I really need to request that she stops calling me boss. Something about the way she says it sends my head spinning.

***

Katrina settled into her new role with ease. Just two weeks on the job and she's handling enough of my workload that I can actually start looking into alternative suppliers and other cost saving ideas.

She is also amazing with the staff, going out of her way to help others and learn items well outside her job description. I think she has made friends with every single person on staff. Absolutely everyone seems to love her.

Unfortunately, working with the woman hasn't become any easier. I constantly need to stop myself from staring at her, and I know I take any excuse to call her into my office. My head swims when she is around and I loose my focus too often.

I was in my own mind, trying not to think of that night in Vegas, when Katrina walks into my office. I snap out of it, and look up at her.

"Mail call, boss" Katrina says, placing three manilla envelopes into my inbox. 

"Thank you Katrina," I say. I try yet again to request that she does not refer to me as boss; but, yet again the words will not pass my lips.

"You probably should know a delivery of fabric is running late; however, I am on it. I've been assured that it will be here by 4. It will cause a minor delay in production; but, I've already checked and the shirts will still be delivered to the customer on time," Katrina says

"Good work," I nod, staring at Katrina's soft lips. I find myself drawn to them, wanting to kiss them. I blink, making myself focus. "Anything else I should know?"

Katrina shakes her head, shaking her blonde locks around her face, "not that I can think of boss." I picture myself running my fingers through that hair.

"Thank you. Dismissed," I say. Katrina turns on her heel and walks out. Once she closes the door behind her I let out a sigh and put my head in my hands. "Pull yourself together Nicole. It can't happen. It was one night, period. Think of Mark."

I shake my head and lift it out of my hands. I sigh again, and turn my attention to the envelopes Katrina brought in. I pick up the first manilla envelope and open it. Literature from a new company, looking to obtain us as a customer. I look at the price list and make a note for Katrina to obtain samples from them.

I open the second manilla envelope. It's a statement of apparent overdue invoices. I stick it back in the envelope and write Ruth on it. I'll have Katrina take it over to accounting. On second thought, I'll take it over to accounting and ask Ruth about the unpaid invoices.

I grab the third envelope and feel that there are fabric samples inside. I notice that the front does not have our address on it, nor any stamps. Samples that were dropped off maybe. I open the envelope and am distracted by the faint smell of sex. Damn it. I really need to get a grip on my daydreaming if it's going to have that strong of an effect on me. I turn the envelope over so the samples fall out on my desk.

I gasp and stare at the contents of envelope now on my desk, the smell I thought was me now overpowering. It can't be. She wouldn't. I pick up the cloth and verify that is in fact the dark purple panties that Katrina was wearing that night in Vegas. It is also the source of the smell. I close my eyes as my hand subconsciously caresses my inner leg, pushing my knee length skirt up.

The door to my office opens, and I quickly shove the panties between my own legs. I smile and look up just as the general manager walks in. "Hey Richard," I say, hoping I am keeping my composure. I can now feel that Katrina's panties between my legs are still wet, causing more than small trickle onto my own.

"Hello Nicole" he replies, taking a seat in the chair across my desk. Why is he sitting? No, no, no. This is bad. "How is Katrina working out?"

I feel my panties get a little wetter at the mention of her name. "She's great," I answer quickly, praying my voice is level, "Picks things up quickly, goes out of her way to help others, and shows initiative. Absolutely nothing I could complain about." Please leave. You need to go.

"Nicole," Richard says, getting a concerned look on his face, "are you feeling okay?"

"I am feeling a little off; but, I'm sure I'm fine," I bluff.

Richard gives me a skeptical look before saying, "if you're sure; but, if you're not feeling well perhaps you should go home. Please do if it gets any worse."

"Absolutely," I smile, "if it gets worse, I'll be sure to let you know." Richard smiles at me, then gets up and walks out.

I groan once he is gone and put my forehead down on my desk. What am I going to do? How did I ever get myself into this mess? I sit up and grab Katrina's panties from between my legs. I hold them up to my nose and take a deep breath. The smell is every bit as intoxicating as it was that night. I feel my own panties get even wetter making them as wet as the ones I'm holding.

I open my desk drawer, give the panties one last whiff, and place them inside. I need to talk to her about this and I am not looking forward to that. 

***

A few hours later, everyone except Katrina and I have left the office. I was half hoping that she would leave before I could talk to her about the panties; but, she hasn't left before me yet. Why should she start today?

I take a deep breath, then walk to my door."Katrina," I say, looking out towards her cubicle, "could you come in here please."

"Sure thing boss," she says, jumping up. Her large breasts barely contained in her blouse. She's undone some buttons I think. I hope anyway. It's bad if I missed that earlier. 

She walks past me into my office. I close my eyes as I catch a whiff of her strawberry conditioner, then quickly open them again. I close the door, in case I'm wrong about being alone.

I walk past Katrina to my desk and sit down in my chair. Opening my desk drawer I say, "care to explain these?" I grab the panties and hold them up for her to see.

Katrina shrugs, stepping so she is standing right beside me, "judging from the way you keep looking at me, I thought you'd like them." She lowers herself down to her knees and grabs the armrests of my chair, turning me towards her. I bite my lower lip as she says, "And judging from that sweet smell, I'd say I was right boss." 

My heart starts beating so hard and fast I think it's going to burst right out of my chest. What is she doing? This can't happen. This is wrong. So very, very wrong.

I take a deep breath and force myself to say, "Katrina."

"Yes, boss?" she whispers, sliding her hands up the outside of my legs, under my skirt. I attempt to back away as I feel her hands grab my panties; but, the back of the chair prevents me from going anywhere. 

"Katrina, we can't do this," I whisper. "This was never supposed to be anything more than a Vegas fling."

Katrina looks up at my a face with a wicked smile. "So order me to stop," she says as she slides my panties down my legs. "You're the boss." With that she starts kissing her way up the inside of my thigh.

I open my mouth; but, nothing comes out. Stop. This needs to stop. Why can't I say it? Katrina's soft hands caress my outer legs, as she slowly draws ever closer.

Come on Nicole. Say it. Stop. Just say stop. Four little letters. I open my mouth again; but, all that comes out is heavy breathing. Katrina continues her ascent up my leg, inching her way towards my wet, waiting pussy. I close my eyes and mentally beg, please stop.

I let out a soft cry as Katrina starts sucking and licking up the juice around my cunt. "Oh god. Don't stop," I whisper, unsure if I actually said the words until Katrina whispers back, "you got it boss."

She continues to devour my womanhood, her tongue occasionally flicking my clit as she slides it in and out. I groan and shift in my chair, giving Katrina better access. My eyes shoot open as I feel Katrina place a small vibrator against my opening, as she starts focusing on my clit with with her tongue.

"Where did you get that?" I gasp.

Katrina looks up at me, as she uses the vibrator to circle around my cunt. "I always have it with me," she softly laughs. "How did you think I got my panties so wet?"

"I didn't give that part any thought," I moan. "Is that the same one, from when I first saw you?"

"It sure is," she smiles, then puts her face back into my pussy, sliding her tongue over my clit while skillfully moving the vibrator around. I close my eyes again and lean my head back, all desire for her to stop melted away.

I grip the armrests of my chair and subconsciously raise my hips a little as I feel the orgasm coming. I start moaning, and then shrieking, as the orgasm hits, the pleasure leaving no room for anything else in my mind.

As soon as the orgasm subsides, I burst out laughing. Katrina tilts her head in confusion. "If anyone is still here," I laugh, trying to catch my breath, "they most certainly heard that. Paper thin walls."

Katrina joins me in laughing. "Then I guess we better hope we are the last two in the office."

I look down at her, my laughter dissipating, then grab her head with my hands and lift her face into my own. I enjoy the taste of myself on her lips as I wiggle my tongue into her mouth. I let out a soft moan as our tongues entwine, ecstatic that I was giving into my desires of the last two weeks. She moans as well, indicating she's been wanting this as much as I.

I lower my hands and start undoing the buttons on her blouse, while moving my mouth over to nibble on her ear. She softly sighs as I slide my my hand over the top of her breasts, fingering the dark purple lacy bra. I wrap my other arm around her and undo the clasp.

I toss her bra onto the desk, next to the matching panties, and start brushing her nipples lightly with the tips of my fingers. Her nipples react instantly, hardening at my touch. I love the feel of them. I pull her up a bit farther off the floor and circle her areola with my tongue before starting to lightly nibble at the nipple, my hand gently squeezing her other breast. Katrina lets out a long, deep moan.

I push Katrina back, standing up, and then push her over so her upper body is laying on my desk.She joyfully squeals as I stick my hand between her legs, just now noticing that her skirt is a little too short to be appropriate. Oh well. I'm sure no one is complaining with her legs.

I rub my open hand around the entire area, getting my hand thoroughly covered in Katrina's wetness and revelling in the feel of it. Then, I start circling her opening with my thumb.

"Please, boss. Stick it in," Katrina begs. I decide that I actually really like the way "boss" rolls out of her mouth. I keep circling, surprised at how much I'm loving the control I possess. Katrina whimpers, starting to raise her upper body.

I push her back down with my other hand and use it to hold her down on the desk. She gasps, "that's right. Take control. It's what you want boss." I smile at her words, shoving my thumb into her incredibly soaked cunt causing her to gasp again.

I slowly work my thumb in and out, pushing it as deep as it will go. Katrina moans, reaching her arms across my desk and gripping the far edge. I continue at the slow pace, Katrina's hips pushing back against my hand clearly wanting more.

I'm about to oblige when I get an idea. I lean down and whisper in her ear, "if you want it faster or harder, you're gonna have to ask for it."

"Both, please, boss," Katrina gasps. I switch my thumb for two fingers and start pulsing them harder and faster than before, pushing them up into her G-spot. Her soft moans turn into cries, "more, please, boss".

I add a third finger, then a fourth, Katrina's pussy opening to take it all. "Still more, please, boss," she begs between breaths, her breathing loud and heavy. I add my thumb, and soon I feel her pussy envelope my wrist.

I push in and out, feeling her muscles grip at my hand. Katrina lets out a loud moan, followed by "harder. Please boss, harder." I push harder, and faster. I continue increasing force and speed as she continues to push back on my arm.

She cries out as her entire body trembles in orgasm. I pull my hand out of her cunt as she collapses on my desk, attempting to catch her breath. I smile and stroke her hair. 

"Your husband is a lucky man," Katrina says, once her breath is caught. 

"What?" I question, sitting back down in my chair, "Mark and I don't fuck like that."

"Why the hell not?" she asks, pushing herself up from my desk.

I shrug, "I don't know, honestly. We just don't."

Katrina laughs as she sits in my lap, pushing some hair behind my ear. "Well, that does explain your sexual tension, both in Vegas and over the last two weeks."

I laugh back, wrapping my arms around her and resting my head against her bare bosom. "Never noticed it until I met you."

"Do you love him?" Katrina asks, tracing my arms with her fingers.

I let out a deep sigh. "I think so. I enjoy his company. He still makes me laugh. He's there whenever I need him, despite our work schedules."

"I'm sensing a major 'but' in there," Katrina probes.

"There's no spark, no passion. The sex is always the same," I shrug, "I can't imagine my life without him; but, life with him has become so boring."

"What's he into?" she asks, "what does he want? Knowing that is where you need to start."

I think about that for a minute before answering, "I have absolutely no idea."

"Do you want the spark back?" Katrina asks.

I raise my head and look at her. "Yes," I answer.

"Look at his porn."

I shake my head, "Mark doesn't watch porn."

Katrina starts laughing, loud and joyful. "Seriously," she says trying to catch her breath, "look at his porn."

"Speaking of Mark," I say, gently pushing her off my lap, "I should be getting home."