 Sister Kate seemed to be having some difficulties as we made our way back to my apartment.

"It's too cold," she complained.

I looked her over.

"At this moment it is the middle of winter and the sun is just barely showing. You should have dressed for the weather."

"I'm supposed to stay in the church. I haven't been out so early before."

We walked a little further. A stiff breeze blew through and her teeth started to chatter.

"Could I borrow your coat?" she asked me timidly.

"I'm practically naked under here," I said, "What did you actually do while I was waiting?"

"I had to leave a note, I couldn't just disappear."

I considered the evidence.

"So did you put your panties back on before we left?"

No response.

Eventually we arrived at my building. The elevator wasn't working but we somehow managed to make our way up to the correct floor without notice. I silently thanked my lucky stars.

Inside the apartment there was no sign of life, my sister Felicity must have been still sound asleep in my bed. I carelessly tossed my coat to the floor and let the cool air flow across my nearly naked body.

Kate sat down on the couch and stared at me, "So what are we doing here?" she asked.

"I'm hosting a party."

She examined the room, "Would you like me to help you prepare? Did you buy any decorations?"

I let out a small laugh, "Don't worry about that sort of thing, I think we'll be spending most of our time in the bedroom."

She blushed deeply, "It is just the two of us?"

The buzzer next to the front door went off at that moment. I ignored Sister Kate and answered the call.

"Excuse me," came a voice though the speaker, "Is this Maria's apartment?"

"It sure is. You're Samantha right? I'll let you up."

"Just a second," interrupted Samantha, "There's another women here."

"I'll let you both up."

Shortly there were two more people seated on the couch. An awkward silence descended upon us.

"So," started Samantha, "Can I get an introduction?"

"Oh, right. I'll start with you: We met at a late night movie if I remember correctly."

"Met is putting it lightly," She gave a nod to the others, "I'm Samantha, by the way."

"The tanned blonde in the gray suit is my boss, Lara."

Lara also nodded but refrained from saying anything.

"The young lady wearing the habit is Sister Kate. Last of all my sister Felicity is asleep in the next room. Are we all done now?"

"That's everyone?" asked Samantha.

"I was hoping someone else would turn up, but we can get started without her." I turned toward my bedroom, "Follow me."

I led the others in to the my room. Felicity sat up and covered herself with a pillow as we entered.

"What's going on here?" she asked.

"We're having a party."

"Maybe you and I should have a talk first?"

"Don't worry about last night, everything will become clear very soon. Just be patient for the moment.

I exited the room, then returned shortly with a sturdy wooden chair from the spare room. I placed it down in front of the bed, facing the curious crowd.

"This will do nicely," I said. "Jessica, are you here with us?"

A soft voice floated through the room, "I'm here Maria."

Felicity and Kate both looked at me with confusion.

"Jessica, who would you like to have first?"

There was some muttering around the room, but nobody dared to interrupt.

"I want to try your sister again," the voice replied.

"Try? Again? Who is that?" asked Felicity, "What are you going to do with me?"

I smiled and calmly helped her out of bed, pressing my lips against her ear.

"Don't worry," I whispered soothingly, "Just do this for me. I promise you'll be fine."

My fingers deftly slid off her panties, leaving her in a white button-up shirt and nothing else. I led her to the chair and gently sat her down.

All eyes were fixed on Felicity. She blushed and carefully crossed her legs.

I smiled. Instantly her legs were forced apart.

"Holy shit!" she exclaimed.

Felicity reached down to cover her shame, "There's something there! Between my legs!"

She struggled against the invisible force. Sister Kate made a motion to help her but I silently shook my head.

Felicity's opened her mouth to say something but only managed a squeak of surprise. Her eyes widened and her toes curled against the floorboards.

"Shit." she muttered, "What the hell is doing that? It's pretty good."

Her head fell back and she spread her legs a little. The top button of her shirt popped loose.

Samantha and Lara exchanged a knowing look.

Felicity started to moan and writhe around. Another button popped off; her gorgeous breasts were exposed to our prying eyes. Her ass struggled to find a comfortable position, she was losing control.

"Oh, right there!" she moaned.

"How is it sis?" I asked.

It took her a minute to respond, "A-amazing, it feels so amazing!"

From my vantage point it certainly looked amazing.

Unable to resist any longer, Felicity arched her back in pleasure and a long guttural moan escaped from her mouth.

I helped her off of the chair and on to the bed, Kate's eyes peeked at the swollen pussy lips in front of her.

"Samantha," I said, "Step up."

Samantha willingly took her place on the chair, handing me her lacy white panties in my hand as she passed by.

"The seat is so wet," she noted as she sat, "It's so exciting!"

She let out a soft giggle. Her miniskirt was hiked up around her waist, but she didn't seem to be worried about privacy at the time.

Samantha seemed confident, but she was clearly not prepared for the oral onslaught. As she sat there enjoying the feeling between her legs her calm demeanor quickly faded.

"Oh yeah! It's even better than last time," she commented.

In a bout of passion she reached out to the invisible head between her thighs, but she there was nothing for her to touch.

The room stayed silent outside Samantha's moans and the drip of cum on the floor.

There was a whimper and she exploded with pleasure. Jessica continued.

I tried to count the orgasms but it became hard to tell when one would would end and another begin. Every orgasm made Samantha louder and more desperate for more.

Finally it was over, Samantha was moved on to the bed next to my sister. Lara lurched forward, flinging her black silk panties in my direction.

Almost instantly she was moaning. She lifted her feet up on to the edge of the seat and kept her legs spread.

"So fucking good," she said through clenched teeth.

On the bed Felicity was kissing her way down Samantha's body. Sister Kate's attention passed back and forth between the two sensual scenes.

Lara was so worked up she was quickly on the brink of her first orgasm. Her face was flushed and there was a sheen of sweat across her skin. She screamed out as she climaxed, Felicity and Samantha arranged themselves in to a sixty-nine.

"You naughty girls," panted Lara.

The temperature in the small room rose as the orgy continued, I had to take off even my flimsy underwear. I softly pinched at my erect nipples as I watched. Kate was sweating as she awaited her turn on the chair.

Lara was bought to orgasm several times by Jessica's talented tongue and by the time it was over she was too tired to stand. I helped get her get back to the bed. The sixty-nine halted and the two participants made their way down to Lara's pussy together. 

I looked at Kate.

"Err... would you mind if I sat this one out?" she asked in a tiny voice.

I shook my head.

There was a sudden burst of movement from the other three ladies, Kate was violently stripped of her clothing and dragged to the chair. She struggled to escape but Felicity and Samantha each grabbed an arm and pressed down on a shoulder.

Jessica's voice floated through the room. "A struggle? I love a little resistance."

Kate's eyes widened and she fought even harder, but I could see the pleasure eating away at her defences. Her breaths became shorter and more ragged.

"This is so wrong," she moaned, "Let go of me!"

Felicity loosened her grip, but before Kate could react there were a soft pair of lips wrapped around one of her nipples; Samantha wasted no time in taking the other one.

"You have to let me go! Oh Jesus forgive me, it's so good!"

I stroked her cheek, "Just enjoy yourself."

Lara on her knees in front of the chair. I gently pushed her head forward until her face met the throbbing pussy; she understood straight away and began to lap at it.

"Oh God," Kate said between breaths, "This is so wrong... don't stop!"

I fingered myself slowly as the erotic scene played out.

Kate came with a shudder but the others didn't let up for a second. She continued to twist and shift her weight but couldn't escape the four tongues caressing her. I came as she shook with her second orgasm.

The group dragged her to the bed and devolved in to anarchy. I let them continue the orgy for a while, but there was something missing.

"Sorry," I called out, "This is going great so far, but we're still short one person."

Felicity raised her face from a wet pussy and looked quizzically at me. "Who?" she asked.

"A friend from work, Kairi."

"Kairi Marley?" Lara manage to squeeze out between deep breaths, "I think she's staying with her mother, I have the address."

"Well then, how about we pay a little visit to the Marley family?"