 As I got the kids ready for school the next morning, my mind was replaying over and over the events of the previous day. The last 24 hours had bordered on something incredible, and it still caused me to wonder if I had been dreaming. After they had gone, I finished the little bit of cleaning that needed to be done, and went upstairs to take a shower. I made a quick trip into Bill's office to look out the window, and saw Sheila with her net, cleaning small bits of debris out of the pool. 

She saw me and waved. "Come one over... we are wasting beautiful sunshine!"

I grinned and replied, "OK, let me get a quick shower and I will be right over."

I immediately stripped out of my clothes and jumped in the shower, the warm water rushing over my skin. I washed quickly and grabbed my razor to give myself a quick trim. As I moved it between my legs, I began thinking about how Sheila was completely shaved. I wasn't quite ready for that, but I did trim it quite a bit closer than normal. As I rinsed, I ran my hand over my work, lingering over my lips, and rubbing my fingers over my clit, sending those familiar sensations running through my body. I laughed to myself and thought, "Girl, you will be here all day if you don't stop that," so I turned off the water and got out.

I picked out a different suit than the one I had worn the day before. It was quite a bit skimpier than my other one... Bill had bought it for me when we went to the Bahamas. It was a lot smaller on top, covering just enough of my breasts to be somewhat modest, and the bottom was cut quite high, exposing about half of my ass. It was nowhere near as skimpy as Sheila's suit, but as I looked at myself in the mirror, I had to admit that I did look pretty darn good. I slipped on my t-shirt and headed over to Sheila's.

I went through the gate as Sheila was arranging the chairs for us. "About time, lazy," she said to me. "I thought I was going to have to be out here by myself."

I laughed and said, "Some of us have other things to do other than goof off all day. But... now it's time for goofing off!!"

Sheila sat down in her chair and pulled her t-shirt over her head, revealing that she had not worn a top underneath. When she saw me looking, she grinned and said, "I saw no need in putting on my top. It was just going to come off anyway, right? So why waste time."

She leaned back and watched me as I slipped my shirt over my head and lay down in my chair. I put on my sunglasses and relaxed. I looked over at Sheila and her bare breasts, and marveled at how comfortable she was with her body. I wished that I were that comfortable with that. 

Sheila suddenly jumped up and said, "Oh, I forgot the most important thing... the margaritas!!! I'll be right back."

I watched her as she walked toward the door, her rear end swaying from side to side, her thong exposing almost everything. I smiled to myself as she went inside, amazed at how cool she was, parading around in almost nothing. As I lay there, I thought, "Well, I might as well take mine off, too." I reached up and untied the knot at my neck, and then the back, and then slipped off my top and dropped it to the ground. The sun felt so good on my skin, and I could feel my nipples hardening in the soft breeze. I found myself wanting to touch them, but before I could, the door opened and out walked Sheila, carrying a pitcher of margaritas and 2 glasses.

She looked at me and smiled, saying, "Good girl... you didn't waste any time, did you? That's why I didn't even put mine on today." 

She sat down in her chair and poured us both a full glass of the liquid. She looked over at me and said, "To good friends and having fun," and took a long sip of her drink. 

I nodded and took a sip myself. Wow... it was a little stronger than I was used to, but oh, it tasted so good. I took another sip, and then another. I laughed and said, "I think that these things could be addicting."

Sheila laughed and said, "Hurry up and finish and I'll pour you another one."

I took another few sips and then drained the glass. Sheila took it from me and it was soon full again. I looked at her and said, "Now don't let me drink these too fast - I'm liable to get drunk, and then I'd have to stagger home to the kids. What kind of mom would I be if I did that?"

I lay back in the chair, and we started talking about all sorts of things. After a while, Sheila put down her drink and said, "Did you enjoy the show last night?"

I took a long sip of my drink, looked at her and said, "Sheila, you are a naughty girl. I can't believe you did that with me watching." I took another sip and said, "Did Rick know I was watching?"

She laughed and said, "No, I'm not quite ready to let him in on our secret. Although he probably would enjoy it if he knew you were. I'll tell you one thing, though... it turned me on, knowing you were there."

I shook my head at her and said, "You are a bad, bad girl," and took another drink.

"I try my best," Sheila said, laughing.

We sat there a bit longer and the more I drank, the more I seemed to relax. Finally I said, "I do envy you being able to come out and swim naked at night. I would love to have a pool like this so that I could do that. Naked, nighttime, with your favorite man - what could be better than that?"

Sheila looked at me and said, "Well, if you want to, we can go skinny dipping right now. There's nobody else around, and after all, it's just us girls. Come on, let's do it."

She put down her drink, stood up, and within seconds, her thong was down to her ankles. She quickly stepped out of them and said, "What are you waiting on, slow poke?" and dove into the pool. When she came up, she looked at me and said, "What are you waiting for? Come on... it was your idea."

I laughed and said, "Well, I wasn't really serious about it, Sheila." But the more I thought about it, the better it sounded. "OK, here I come."

I stood and turned away from Sheila, still a little shy. I pushed my suit bottom down, and quickly turned around and jumped in. The cool water gave me a little bit of a rush, and when I surfaced, Sheila said, "Now doesn't that feel good?"

I nodded and said, "It feels wonderful, Sheila. I could live like this every day."

She grinned and said, "You are welcome in my pool anytime," and swam over to the side and leaned back against it. I swam over as well, and we leaned our heads back against the side. The water was just high enough to cover our breasts, but I noticed that every so often our nipples would be peeking out of the water. I knew mine were hard from the cool water, and couldn't help but notice that Sheila's were at attention as well.

After a bit, Sheila said, "I'm ready for another drink - how about you?"

I watched as she climbed out of the pool, the water flowing off her naked body. I broke my eyes away and nodded, "Yes, me too," and climbed out of the pool as well. 

Sheila had already poured our drinks when I got to my chair, and had lay back in her chair without putting her thong back on. I picked up my suit bottom to put it back on, and Sheila said, "You might as well get an all-over tan. You're already naked. And it feels much better this way."

I was unsure of what to do, but thought, "what the heck," and lay down in my chair. I took a long drink of my margarita and couldn't help looking at Sheila's naked body lying there. It looked like she was kind of checking me out as well, and suddenly I felt very, very naked. I set down my drink and rolled over onto my stomach, where I at least felt a little more modest. I took another sip as Sheila picked up the suntan oil and began rubbing it over her bare skin.

"Certainly don't want to get burned, do we?" 

I grinned as I watched her rub the oil over her shoulders and then over her upper chest. She poured some more of the oil onto her breasts, and she used both hands to rub it into them. I could see her gently squeeze them as she rubbed, and it seemed like she spent more than enough time on her nipples. She was alternating between rubbing them and pulling on them, and I was amazed at how long and hard they were. I knew that my own were still hard from the water, and probably because I was watching her. She finished and moved down to her stomach. She finished quickly and was soon pouring the oil onto her legs. She rubbed it in all over and when she reached her thighs, I saw her hands run over her smooth pussy once or twice, and then she was done.

She looked over at me and said, "You better put some of this on. We don't want to burn do we."?

I reached out for the oil and Sheila quickly said, "I've got an idea. You just lay there and I will put it on your back, OK?"

Before I had a chance to say anything, Sheila had stood up and walked over to my chair. I lost sight of her as she moved behind me, but then I felt the warm oil being poured on my back, and her hands soon began to rub it onto my shoulders.

"Now just lay there and let me do all the work," she said, as her hands ran over my shoulders and upper back. I had to admit that it did feel good.

She poured more oil on my back, and my entire back was soon covered. Her hands started at my shoulders and then moved down the middle of my back. Right before she got to my waist, she moved her hands to my sides and ran them back up. Every time she came up, I felt her fingers brushing the sides of my breasts, each time adding a little extra pressure. It felt nice, and I was quite relaxed from all the margaritas, and I'm sure it was unintentional.

Sheila removed her hands from my back, and said, "Now let's get your legs," and I felt the oil being poured onto both legs. Her hands began to rub it into each leg, and the pressure she was putting on them felt so good. I couldn't believe that I was letting another woman rub oil on me, but I was so relaxed that I didn't care anymore.

I said, "Sheila, you ought to be a masseuse. You've definitely got the hands for it."

She laughed and continued to rub my legs. She went down to my ankles and then began to work her way back up. As she got to my thighs, I felt her gently pull my legs a bit wider apart as she said, "Sorry, but I don't want to miss a spot."

Her hands continued rubbing my soft skin, and I suddenly realized that the way my legs were spread, Sheila could probably see everything I had. In fact, I knew she could. I raised my head to tell her I needed to get up, but she gently pushed down my shoulders and said, "Just relax. I'll be done in a few minutes."

I lay my head back down and wondered if she was looking between my legs. How embarrassing would that be? I felt her hands move higher than they had been before, and I felt her fingers slightly brush against my lips. It sent a jolt through me as I thought, "surely that was an accident," but then I felt it again.

I knew then that it was not an accident, and the combination of the margaritas and her soft hands would not let me say anything. Both of her hands ran over my ass cheeks, and then back down to the top of my legs. It wasn't but a second until I felt Sheila's fingers lightly running over my pussy, and this time they did not move away. Her fingers slowly stroked my lips, and I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. I felt her finger running over my clit, and I found myself slightly pushing against her hand. She continued stroking me, and I began to breathe harder and harder.

This was not right. I had never let another woman touch me like this before, but now I found that I did not want her to stop. Without saying anything, I moved my legs slightly further apart, and Sheila responded by increasing the speed of her stroking. Her fingers teased at my wet opening, as another finger rubbed my clit.

Ohhhh, it felt so good, and I could feel myself building inside. My hips began to move as she stroked, and I knew that I was getting close. She stroked my clit one more time, and then quickly slid two fingers inside my drenched pussy. That was all it took and suddenly I heard myself moaning loudly, and then my body collapsed onto the chair, my breathing still ragged.

Sheila's fingers stayed inside me and continued stroking me, in and out, slowly, then changing the pace to get a little quicker. Another wave moved over me, and I could feel my hips jerking and pushing against her hand. The feeling was so incredible - I didn't want it to end, but Sheila began to slow down her fingers. After a few moments, I felt her fingers leaving my pussy, lightly move over my slick lips, and then move away entirely. I lay there, my breathing trying to return to normal. That was one of my most intense orgasms ever, and it was because of another woman. Confusing thoughts ran through my head, and I didn't know how to react.

Suddenly I felt Sheila leaning over me, and I could feel her hard nipples against my back as she whispered in my ear, "Turn over."

I took a deep breath and slowly turned over. My eyes were met with Sheila's nude body, as she sat back down on my thighs. Her large breasts were right in front of me, and her hard nipples were pointing right at me. She grinned at me as she poured oil onto my breasts and said, "We don't want to forget the front, do we?"

Her hands were quickly rubbing the oil on my breasts, all around them, between them... everywhere. Her fingers kept running over my nipples, seemingly teasing them, making them even harder than they already were. I closed my eyes as I felt her fingers take each of my nipples and gently squeeze them. I could feel the jolts begin to run through my body again. I knew that I should stop her, but my body was telling me otherwise. Her hands moved further down to my stomach and rubbed the oil all over.

I felt her shift her weight and opened my eyes slightly to see Sheila now sitting on the side of the chair, as she poured more oil onto my lower stomach. Both of her hands were soon back on my skin, as she continued rubbing it in. Her hands kept moving even lower, until I could feel her fingers brushing against my lips as she made circles on my skin. I felt them move down to my thighs, giving them a soft squeeze, and then moved back up, once again brushing against my slick lips. She had moved close enough to my clit to start me throbbing again. I opened my eyes again and saw that she was looking at me. I found that I did not want her to stop, so I just closed them again and waited to see what happened.

I quickly felt her finger run down my slit, all the way to the bottom, then move all the way back up again, exerting a little extra pressure as she passed over my clit. Her hands felt so good, and I pushed my hips up a bit as her fingers worked their way back down. She teased my opening with a finger, prompting me to move my legs wider apart. Sheila wasted no time in inserting one of her long fingers inside of me, easily slipping into my wetness. She slowly retracted it, then added another finger as she returned it inside me. Her pace began to pick up as she moved them in and out, and her thumb was rubbing my clit as she did. My hips began pushing against her hand as she moved, and my mind raced with the thoughts of what was going on... how good it felt, and wanting it to keep going.

As Sheila kept up her pace with her fingers, I felt my head begin to spin again, and I could feel the excitement building in my body. I opened my eyes to look at Sheila, just in time to see her lowering her head between my legs. I quickly felt her tongue run over my clit a couple of times, and I exploded. Ohmygosh!!!!!! The feeling was incredible as a tremendous orgasm rushed over my entire body. My hips jerked up as Sheila's fingers and tongue continued to do their work. My body was moving all over the chair as wave after wave swept over me - they kept coming over and over again, pushing me higher and higher.

After what seemed like an eternity, I could feel the wave begin to slow down. I opened my eyes just enough to see that Sheila had sat back up, but her fingers continued their movements over my pussy. They began to get slower, and eventually I felt her fingers lose touch with my body. I did not want them to leave, but I was so spent that I could not imagine her continuing, or if I could even continue. Sheila looked at me and smiled, then without saying a word, stood and went back over to her chair. After a few more minutes, I was back to somewhat normal and sat back up and looked over at her.

"Sheila... I...I... I don't know what to say. That was the most incredible thing I have ever experienced. I... I... I have never had another woman touch me like that."

Sheila smiled at me and said, "Julie - don't worry about it. I just couldn't help it. You looked so hot laying there, and I guess my excitement got the best of me, and I just couldn't take my hand off of you. I hope that you don't think I'm some kind of lesbian slut or something... do you?"

I couldn't help but laugh as she said it, and I replied, "Well, no, I'm sure you're not a lesbian or anything. Slut, maybe, but not lesbian."

She laughed and said, "thank god. I thought you might leave and I would never see you again. And by the way, it did appear that you enjoyed it... am I right?"

I couldn't lie and grinned and nodded. "Sheila, it was sooooo incredible. And to think that another woman did it to me!!!!!! It was kind of weird, but it really did feel wonderful."

I happened to glance over to the patio clock and noticed the time.

"Oh gosh, I've got to go. The kids will be home any minute!"

I quickly stood and slipped on my bikini bottom. I pulled my t-shirt over my head and said, "I hate to rush off, but I've got to get on home before they get there."

I grinned at her and said, "Thanks for the... uhhhh... great time."

Sheila stood and walked over and gave me a hug and said, "Well, hopefully we can get some more sun tomorrow... OK?"

I could feel her naked breasts and nipples push into mine as I said, "I'll talk to you in the morning."

She pulled away, and I could feel her watching me as I walked toward the gate. I turned and waved as I walked through, then continued back over to my house. I walked inside and leaned against the door as I closed it. I closed my eyes, thinking of what had just happened. Another woman had made me come, and come more than once!