 Zoe Kidd, at the age of eighteen, had changed schools due to her father uprooting her and her mother three hundred miles from their home in the North of England down to the outskirts of London. She was a pretty girl, petite with blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes.

The move meant more money for the family but for Zoe it was a huge culture shock. She was used to a much slower pace of life in the North and really missed her old friends.

Her parents had enrolled her in a reputable girls school and she was finding it hard to make new friends and learn the school rules.

One day after lunch she was ambling back to her classroom and talking to one of her old friends on her phone when she heard, 'Girl, what do you think you are doing?'

Zoe spun round to see the school headmistress, Cynthia Pardshaw, staring down at her.

Miss Pardshaw was in her early fifties, five feet ten in height with dark hair that she normally wore in a bun. 

She had a curvaceous figure that was usually dressed in a crisp white blouse that showed off her large breasts and a dark grey skirt that clung around her ample hips. She was more handsome than beautiful and wore dark nylons with shiny black high heels that made her tower over the diminutive figure of young Zoe. 

'I err..I,' stuttered Zoe on seeing Miss Pardshaw standing in front of her with her hands on her hips. 

'You should know by now that phones are not allowed to be used in the school buildings. Give it to me and collect it from my office after school,' demanded the headmistress.

After the bell went at the end of the school day Zoe made her way to the headmistress's study where she politely knocked and waited.

A minute later the door opened and the headmistress bid her enter.

Zoe walked in and the headmistress closed and locked the door.

'As you are new here I will give you the benefit of the doubt with regard to breaching school rules, however you will need to be punished,' stated Miss Pardshaw.

'Bu..but..' stammered Zoe.

'No buts young lady. I can't be seen to be going soft on my pupils. Girls will have seen you chatting on the phone and then when I confiscated it. You must be punished.' 

The headmistress went over to her sofa and sat in the middle and told Zoe to come over to her. 

Zoe approached Miss Pardshaw with trepidation before she was pulled over the older woman's lap and her skirt was raised. In one motion Zoe's panties were removed and thrown on the floor.

The headmistress maneuvered Zoe into a position where she had access to her cute little bottom.

The first smack stung and Zoe yelped. The next five came in sharp repetition and stung equally as hard.

The older woman could hear Zoe's breathing become laboured as she squirmed on her lap. 

She started to caress the young girls bottom. When her fingers dipped between Zoe's cheeks and grazed across her tight rosebud Zoe gasped but seem to grind her crotch into the headmistress's thighs even more. 

Miss Pardshaw once again let her fingers move between the cheeks of her arse but this time she slowly ran them over Zoe's little hole. Zoe let out a groan and humped the headmistress even harder.

Not wanting to scare the girl she told Zoe to stand and get dressed. As Zoe was doing this she took the offending phone out of her drawer and handed it back to her. 

'Bring it to me in the morning before you start your class and I'll return it to you again after school,' said the headmistress. 

Zoe coyly took her phone and left.

The next morning Zoe was shown into the headmistresses study.

'Well, Miss Kidd, how is your bottom today?' asked the headmistress as she walked towards her. 

'Why don't I have a look? she said as she stood behind Zoe and lifted her school skirt up. 

Miss Pardshaw slipped her hand down the back of Zoe's white school standard cotton panties and started to fondle her bum. This time she let her fingers move down beneath Zoe's bottom and round to find an extremely wet pussy. She stroked between her lips causing Zoe to shudder and moan.

'Everything seems to be fine. Now, hand me your phone and you can collect it after school tonight.'

The rest of the day passed in a blur for Zoe. She couldn't stop wondering what the headmistress had planned for her. Soon it was time to find out.

The headmistress let Zoe into her room and again locked the door. Zoe could see that all the blinds had been closed so no one could see in. She was both nervous and excited.

'Take all your clothes off please,' ordered the headmistress. 

Zoe just stared in disbelief. 

'I said now!' barked the headmistress. 'Or do you want me to rip them off you myself?'

Slowly Zoe undressed until she was standing in only her tiny white panties. 

'Shy are we?' asked the headmistress as she stood and glared at the young girl.

The headmistress walked up to Zoe and placed one of her hands on her breast, the other hand went behind her head.

The headmistress pulled Zoe's face up to hers and kissed her deep on the lips as she forced her tongue into the young girls mouth, at the same time squeezing her nipple. 

Zoe moaned with lust as she was being fondled by the older woman. 

Miss Pardshaw slipped her hand down the front of Zoe's white cotton panties and caressed her now wet pussy. 

Zoe moaned into the headmistresses mouth as the older lady's tongue pushed deep inside. 

Miss Pardshaw broke the kiss and looked Zoe in the eye, daring her to look away as she found her clitoris and began to stroke it causing Zoe to groan. At the same time her other hand dipped into the back of Zoe's panties and began stroking her bum hole. Zoe gulped and gasped as no one had ever played with her like that, especially a woman almost old enough to be her grandmother.

'Oh God,' Zoe cried. 'Please!'

'Please what girl? Please stop?' asked the headmistress still looking into Zoe's eyes as she continued to frig her. 

A finger slipped into Zoe's pussy causing her to moan. 

She kept rubbing her clit with her thumb as she finger fucked the girl.

'Please Miss,' wailed Zoe. 'Please let me. I need to ...,' 

Mrs Pardshaw bent down, stuck her tongue in the young girl's ear and then slid a finger deep into her arse. 

Zoe grunted then cried with relief as a massive orgasm flooded over her. Her juices running all over the older woman's fingers. 

The headmistress kept her fingers deep in her pussy and arse until she was sure Zoe was fully spent. 

Zoe clung to Mrs Pardshaw's neck as she said 'thank you' over and over again.' 

The headmistress pulled her fingers out and untangled herself from the girl.

'You can thank me on Saturday. I want you to come to my house at ten in the morning. Tell your parents you are meeting friends and that you'll be home by teatime,' she said handing her a slip of paper with her address on. 'You do understand don't you?'

Zoe nodded and said meekly, 'Yes Miss.' 

'Good girl,' replied Miss Pardshaw and told Zoe to get dressed and go home.

Saturday morning Zoe caught the bus into town and walked the half mile to her headmistress's large Victorian style home. She was both nervous and excited.

She rang the bell and waited. Soon she heard the click clack of high heels on a wooden floor. 

The door opened and she was invited inside. 

Her headmistress was dressed in a shiny black leather pencil skirt with shiny black high heels and a white silk blouse. Zoe could see she wasn't wearing a bra as her hard nipples were poking out of the shiny materiel and her large breasts swayed as she walked. 

'Do come in Zoe and thank you for being on time.'

Miss Pardshaw led her through to her sitting room and sat on a long sofa asking Zoe to sit with her. The headmistress looked Zoe over and was glad to see she was wearing a yellow summer dress that complimented her hair. 

'You look lovely my dear,' she said.

'Thank you,' responded Zoe coyly.

The headmistress put a hand on Zoe's knee and said, 'you're not nervous are you?' 

Zoe nodded. 

'Excited too though I bet?' asked the headmistress. 

Zoe wondered how she knew but said nothing.

'Oh I think you are,' added the headmistress as her hand crept slowly up Zoe's dress. 

Zoe gulped as the hand headed towards her silk clad pussy.

The headmistress took Zoe's face and turned it towards her as she gently kissed the young girl on the lips. 

Zoe kissed back so the headmistress slipped her tongue in. 

Zoe surprised herself by doing the same as the headmistress's hand started to stroke her pussy over her panties. Zoe squirmed in excitement and moaned into the older woman's mouth.

'You do realise you are my young plaything, don't you?' the headmistress stated. 

Zoe only moaned even more. 

'You are mine to do as I wish!' 

Zoe nearly came on hearing that as the headmistress stroked her pussy even harder.

'Come with me,' she said standing up and reaching for Zoe's hand. Zoe took it and allowed herself to be led up the stairs. She could hear the creak of the leather skirt as the headmistress walked slightly in front of her. 

She marveled at the tight shiny materiel as it clung to the curvaceous bottom of the older woman. 

Zoe's pussy was literally dripping and soaking her white silk knickers.

Once in the bedroom Miss Pardshaw slowly undressed her. 

Once she was naked she took Zoe by the hand and laid her down on the bed on her back before securing her wrists to the wrought iron bedstead. 

Zoe never said a word and just looked on nervously as the headmistress did the same with her ankles. Once she was secure Miss Pardshaw sat on the bed facing her and began to fondle her young body.

'I'm going to have some fun with you young girl,' she said as she stood up and started to undress. 

She unzipped her skirt and tugged it off to reveal her shiny black silk stockings held up by a black silk suspender belt. She then unbuttoned her blouse and eased it off her shoulders showing off her large naked breasts with their large hard nipples. 

'Do you like my breasts, little girl?' asked the headmistress. 

Zoe could only nod. 

'Good, because you will be sucking on them lots today.'

The headmistress slipped out of her silky black panties to expose a thick bush of greying hair between her thighs.

She got up on the bed between Zoe's legs and began to stroke the young girls bald pussy. 

'You look good enough to eat,' she said as she dipped her head between Zoe's thighs and started to lick her. 

Zoe groaned and began to undulate her lips at the attention she was receiving. 

'Oh God, yes,' she cried out as the older lady licked and sucked her close to orgasm.

Miss Pardshaw teased her clit until Zoe was begging her to let her cum.

'You'll have to be good to me if I let you,' said the headmistress. 

Zoe readily agreed.

'You'll do everything I say?' 

Zoe nodded enthusiastically.

'And accept everything I do to you?' as she kept on flicking her clit with her tongue.

'Yes, yes,' gasped Zoe.

Miss Pardshaw took Zoe's clit and sucked it hard.

Soon Zoe was experiencing one of the strongest orgasms she'd ever had which was a lot more powerful than the ones she gave herself.

Once Zoe had calmed down Miss Pardshaw told her it was her turn next. 

She went over to a drawer and took out a bottle of lube and an anal vibrator. Putting some on her finger she slipped it up inside Zoe's bottom. 

Zoe gasped. 

Then she switched on the vibrator and slowly pushed it where her finger had been. Zoe began to moan and squirm on the bed. 

'Oh goody,' exclaimed the headmistress as she straddled the young girls head and sank down with her pussy over her face.'

Lick child,' she ordered. 

Zoe was smothered by her headmistress's cunt as she struggled to breathe. Miss Parshaw raised herself up slightly and said, 'if you don't eat me I'll suffocate you!' 

Zoe stuck out her tongue and began to lick and suck the older woman's pussy like she had been previously.

Miss Pardshaw was moaning and groaning as her orgasm approached. 

Suddenly Zoe was spluttering from the juices coming out of her headmistress's pussy.

'Swallow it child, drink it all up!'

Zoe did her best.

Miss Pardshaw climbed off the young girl and untied her legs. She then went over to a drawer and pulled out a authentic looking seven inch black rubber cock that was attached to a belt. 

Zoe stared in disbelief at the strap-on cock. 

'Oh no Miss, please not that,' she said as she tried to free her arms. 

Miss Pardshaw ignored her and strapped the cock to her waist before lubing it up.

'I think you might like this, slut!'

She took hold of Zoe's legs and raised them before bending her knees and pushing them to her chest. 

Zoe whimpered, 'Please Miss, don't. I can't..I've never..ooohhh!'

Miss Pardshaw slowly slipped the cock past the young girl's pussy lips and then deep into her orifice. She began to slide it in and out slowly causing Zoe to catch her breath. '

Oh shit!,' she exclaimed.

'Do you like it slut?'

Zoe couldn't answer. She had her eyes tightly closed as she got used to the thick seven inch strap-on sliding in and out of her clawing pussy lips.

Miss Pardshaw pushed her hips forward hard causing the belt to push against the vibrator in Zoe's arse. This caused the young girl to moan. 

Encouraged by this the headmistress began to fuck her in earnest, the base of the cock rubbing on her own clit as she did so.

The faster she fucked the girl more it rubbed her clit.

Soon both were moaning in ecstasy.

Zoe had never felt anything like it. She opened her eyes to see her headmistress's breasts swaying above her and felt the cock reach places she'd never found with her fingers. Every time the cock belt pushed the vibrator into her arse she groaned.

'Oh God, please Miss. Fuck me. Fuck me hard.'

The headmistress did just that. She too was nearing her own orgasm as she plowed the young girl's pussy. 

'Oh fuck,' she cried as she felt her orgasm approach. 

As she came she pushed the cock deep into Zoe and that pushed the vibrator fully into her arse.

Zoe screamed as she erupted.

Miss Pardshaw collapsed on top of the girl until she got her breath back. 

Just then the doorbell rang. 

She undid one of Zoe's arms and told her to untie herself, get dressed and come downstairs when she was ready.

Fifteen minutes later Zoe walked into the sitting room. 

Sitting opposite the headmistress was Miss Walker, the school gym mistress.

'So this is the little slut?' Miss Walker commented. 'I think we're going to have some fun with her this afternoon.'

Zoe could feel herself get wet once more.