 She had been excited when she received it, a gift certificate to the top salon in town. But now, she was nothing short of devastated. Her hair was not what she had expected at all!! Perhaps it was because she had been used to it being long, she felt naked with it cut so short. She also felt foolish, blubbering uncontrollably in the chair. The salon's manager spoke consolingly, assuring Katie that she looked wonderful, that her husband and friends would love the new look. Still, Katie cried on. Her hair!

The manager, who had introduced herself as Erica, continued to speak in a calming, reassuring manner, telling her that her reaction was not uncommon, that lots of women asked for services and then were shocked at the results. "Ninety percent of them," Erica promised, "Call back later and rave about the compliments they receive." Katie looked at the woman through tear-fogged eyes. She tried to smile, but the sobs began again. "You poor dear," Erica said, "Let me get you some tissues." She rose and moved next to Katie. She placed her hands on Katie's shoulders and comfortingly massaged them. "It will be all right, you'll see," she promised again.

The office was empty except for the two of them, the door closed. Katie leaned her head against Erica's body, her face felt the heat, suddenly, she was moved. She felt that familiar tingle between her legs, that warm, pleasurable sense of excitement. What was she doing? She had only recently come to terms with the fact that she was Bi, that she enjoyed intimacy with a woman. But this woman was a stranger, and had in no way indicated she shared Katie's proclivity towards women. Yet Erica was certainly attractive, her short red hair, pug nose, brown eyes, the calming way she spoke. Katie began to relax, but she left her head pressed against Erica's tummy. Erica's fingers continued to knead the muscles of her shoulders as she spoke calming words. 

Then, to Katie's pleasant surprise, the fingers moved down her back, rubbing. One hand moved to her head, pulling it close to Erica's body. Katie could suddenly smell the musky odor of Erica's desire. Embolden by this, she reached an arm out, snaked it around Erica, placed it on her buttocks, pulling her closer to her head. She felt the soft flesh beneath her fingers. As she squeezed, Erica emitted a soft moan, her own fingers now stroking up and down Katie's spine, light, feathery touches.

Katie rose, sensing Erica's passion. They stood, toe to toe, breasts touching, exactly the same height, almost the same measurements. Katie reached out and pulled Erica to her, their lips touched, they kissed. She felt Erica's tongue snake between her lips, exploring her mouth. Her own tongue engaged it, played with it, the heat racing through her body, making her weak in the knees. Erica pulled back a moment, and sheepishly said "I've never done anything like this with…. A woman." Katie reassured her, promising that it was okay, that she felt the heat as well. As if to prove it, she reached behind Erica, found the zipper of her black turtleneck dress, and pulled. Erica shrugged out of the sleeves and the garment fell to the floor around her boots. Katie inhaled in appreciation. Erica stood before her in a one-piece black bustierre, her creamy white breasts oozing over the low cups. Her black thigh-high stockings and boots gave her the look of a dominatrix. "Oh, I like!" Katie exclaimed.

Erica moved her hands to the straps of Katie's dress and gently slid them over her shoulders. The dress slithered to the floor, revealing a matching white lace bra and panty set. "Mmmmm… me too," Erica said. Their lips met again, the tingle of their breasts touching through the sheer fabric of the lingerie caused the room to fill with the scent of their shared desire. Erica's hands reached around Katie and deftly undid the bra, allowing her breasts to fall free of constraint. She slid her wet tongue down Katie's neck, along her necklace, down, down, across the top of her right breast, until it found the pert nipple. Katie moaned with pleasure as Erica's lips locked onto it and began to suckle. The touch of a woman…. No rough whisker burns, no protruding nose, soft…. Knowing just how to pull, to lick, to suck. Erica feasted, first on the right breast, then the left. He hunger was apparent. Katie felt her knees begin to give. 

"Sit," Erica commanded, so she sat. Erica sank to her knees in front of her. Her tongue traced downward, to her navel, where it lingered. Katie's fingers massaged Erica's red hair, too short to grab and pull close. Erica moved lower, her tongue tracing across the panty-covered pubic region. She stopped, look up at Katie in awe, "My god!" she exclaimed, "You're shaved!" Hungrily she reached out and pulled the panties down, marveling at the soft flesh now exposed. She bent forward, the tip of her tongue finding the hot opening, tracing along the outer labia, flicking at the clitoris beneath the hood. Katie moaned again and leaned back into the chair, spreading her legs wide, exposing her shaven mons to Erica's ministrations. 

Erica lapped hungrily, her tongue parting the lips, pushing in, moaning in pleasure at the taste of Katie's juices. Her tongue again played with the clitoris. Katie felt the first orgasm beginning, rising up, spreading out of her. She draped her legs across Erica's shoulders and pushed her bottom forward, allowing Erica to taste her deeply. She was cumming! A second, more intense orgasm followed the first. Her nipples were so erect they hurt, yet she pulled them anyway, intensifying the orgasm. At last, she lie back, her body gradually relaxing, as Erica rose, her face glistening with Katie's sweet juices. They kissed again…. Long, deep, passionate…. Finally, to catch her breath, Katie said "Your turn."

Erica cleared the clutter from her desk in one sweeping motion of her arm, and lay back upon it. Katie sank to her knees, her fingers working the snaps at the crotch of Erica's one piece. As the snaps came undone, Katie was met by the sight of a pink oyster, surrounded by thick, curly black hair. "Oh!" she giggled, "I see you aren't a natural redhead!" Erica laughed and said "Hurry…please?" Katie's fingers parted the swollen pink lips of Erica's pussy, then plunged into her wet, warm hole. One finger, two fingers, three, Erica moaned at the penetration. Deftly Katie worked her fingers deep into Erica's vagina, pushing up and in, one curling, seeking the g-spot. "That doesn't….. OOOOoooooooo, Goddddd!!!" Katie had found what Erica's lovers had never been able to before. Erica arched her back as the first orgasm took her. 

"Wait," whispered Katie, "The best is yet to cum." She moved her lips to Erica's now throbbing clitoris and began to suck, pulling the little bud from its hood, manipulating it expertly as Erica ground her buttocks on the desk. Erica came again, louder, more intensely. "Now, on the floor," Katie commanded. Erica sank her back into the carpet. Katie climbed above, her crotch inches from Erica's face, her smell engulfing Erica's nostrils. Katie bent her head to between Erica's legs and recommenced her feasting. She lowered her groin onto Erica's mouth. 

The two lost themselves in the taste of each other. Orgasm followed orgasm. They lost track of time. Finally, sated, they lay together, snuggling on the carpet. Bodies hot against one another. At last Erica arose. "The salon must be closed by now," she observed, rising and grabbing her dress. Katie followed suit. Soon, recomposed and rearranged, the two women smiled at each other. 

"Thank you, Erica," Katie said, "I definitely like the service I received today." Erica giggled her reply, "And thank you, Katie! For introducing me to something I have fantasized about for ages. I do hope you'll be a regular client from now on!"