 I was straight - or so I thought. I made it to my senior year of high school believing I was straight. But that all changed when the new girl moved to town. 

The day started out like any other - I got up, took a shower, and got ready for school. I hated my school uniform. The plaid skirt was out of style, and the tight black sweater was itchy. I went to homeroom already wishing I'd stayed in bed. Nothing about the day was any different - until I saw her. 

I was standing at my locker when the boy next to me whispered "wow". I turned my head to follow his gaze. Wow was right. She had long blonde hair and bright blue eyes. Even in the ugly itchy sweater you could see how nice and round her breasts were. Her long tan legs towered down out of her skirt. She walked with confidence and turned heads left and right. I watched her disappear down the hall -looking as good from the back as she did from the front. 

I spent the rest of the day thinking about her, though I wasn't sure why. But I didn't see her again until the last period of the day - gym class. Her long tan legs looked even better in her shorts, which hugged her round butt nicely. Her white t shirt revealing her perky round breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra.

I spent all of gym watching her breasts bounce as she ran and jumped. It sent a tingling sensation down my clit and my panties began to get wet. What was happening to me? 

I was always the last one out of the locker room after gym. But not today. Today the new girl and I were the last ones. 

"Hey" her voice sounded soft and sexy. She walked over to me still in her gym clothes. 

"Uhm, hello. You're new right?" My voice came out awkward and shakey. Why was I so nervous?

"Yeah, I'm Rachael. My family just moved her from Florida." 

That explains her tan skin. "My name is Natasha." I replied. My palms started to sweat. 

"I saw you staring at me today." She reached in her gym bag and pulled out a pair of jean shorts and a thin yellow tank top. 

I started to argue that I wasn't staring, but then she pulled her shirt off. Her breasts were perfect - round, supple, and perky. It took a lot of strength not to reach for them. But before I lost control she slipped on the thin yellow tank top and was on to changing her shorts. 

"I was just interested," I finally stuttered, trying not to stare at her nipples which were poking through the tank top, "you know, we don't get many new girls." 

"Right." She smiled and giggled. "I'll see you later." 

She walked out the door, and I exhaled the breath I'd apparently been holding in. My panties were soaked. Never had I been so turned on by a girl. 

When I got home I ran straight to my room, ripped off my clothes, and climbed under my sheets. My hands found their way to my hard nipples. I rubbed them and pinched them sending a sensation to my clit. I closed my eyes and thought of Rachael's perfect breasts. One hand made its way down my body to my shaven pussy. I began to caress my swollen clit. It instantly felt amazing due to how horny I was. My other hand slide two fingers deep inside my pussy and I stroked my clit. I came almost immediately. 

The next few weeks I played this game. Always staring at Rachael, turning myself on, and pleasuring myself when I got home. Then one day I decided I finally had to make my move. I was going to go crazy if I didn't. 

Today I had my chance. After everyone left the locker room, I watched Rachael undress and head to the showers. I stripped down and followed her. 

She was under the water with her back to me. Her butt was as perfect and round as her breasts. I stood behind her, heart pounding until she turned to face me. 

"Oh, Natasha, I didn't see you there." She smiled and started to say something else but all I could focus on were the beads of water running over her nipples and down her tone stomach to her shaven pussy. I watched her soft lips move but could focus on the words. Instead I kissed her passionately. 

She didn't push me away. Instead she kissed me back. She pulled my naked body against hers. Our breasts rubbing together. I pushed her against the wall and moved my lips down her neck. 

My hands went to her breasts, caressing her hard nipples with my thumbs. She let out a soft moan and my pussy became soaked. 

I moved my mouth to her supple breasts. I began to suck on her nipples, flickering them with my tounge until shemoaned. Her legs parted a little and I moved my hand to her swollen clit. I rubbed it with my thumb, faster as her moaning got louder. 

She pulled my hair as I kissed down her stomach and got on my knees. I raised one of her legs up and rested it on the shower bench, exposing her pussy. My heart pounded harder. I'd never done this before and I hoped I was good at it. 

I looked up at her face, which was stricken with desire. 

Our eyes met as my tounge reached her clit. I flicked it with my tounge and her head shot back leaving a moan leave her throat. I took the encouragement and sucked her whole clit into my mouth. I let one finger slide deep into her opening. I pulled it in and out a few times before sliding in another. 

"Oh Natasha!" She screamed and I pleasured her. Her back arched and I began sucking her clit harder and fingering her faster. 

"Don't you dare stop!" She moaned, holding my head in place. Her other hand pulled on her nipples. Her body began to tremble and I knew she'd orgasm soon. I didn't want her to be finished so soon though. I pulled away and her eyes shot open. 

"What are you doing? I'm about to cum!" 

"I know" I replied, reaching for a small travel shampoo bottle with a rounded cap. I stood up long enough to turn her around and bend her over the shower seat. Then I got back on my knees, eye level with her swollen wet pussy. 

Slowly I worked the shampoo bottle into her opening causing her to moan. Once it was in I moved it back and forth, faster and faster as she moaned. 

I rubbed her clit with my other hand as I worked her hole with the bottle.she flipped over and sat on the edge of the shower seat, and spread her legs wide. I continued with the bottle as I flickered her clit with my tongue. 

Her body began to tremble again. I reached my free hand up to her breast. She pulled my hair and her back arched in pleasure. 

"Don't stop! I'm cumming!" She screamed and her back arched harder. Her juices poured down the bottle. Her breathing was heavy and sparatic. We locked eyes and she smiled. 

"Same time tomorrow?" She said with a wink.