 It was a kind of lost summer for me. I was between jobs and having a hard time finding something that I wanted. After a couple of months of looking unsuccessfully, I decided to just go with the flow and take the time off. I needed some money coming in, of course, but there are always interim sources of income. I was lucky enough to find one that provided some money but also a lot of leisure time - house-sitting for a professor and his wife who were on sabbatical for the summer.

It was a nice house in a fairly upscale suburban neighborhood. Most of the residents were married couples and families, so I didn't really fit in, but I didn't mind because it was a quiet neighborhood and a very nice house, with lots of amenities and plenty of windows so I could indulge in one of my favorite pastimes - people-watching. All the neighbors seemed to be out on the street a lot, but it was one particular neighbor who caught my eye. From overheard "Hellos" I soon learned that her name was Mary.

I'd see her almost every day, often more than once a day, out for a run or walking her two little dogs, her thick blonde hair blowing in the breeze, usually dressed in some skimpy workout clothes. The clothes were just shorts and t-shirt, but the shorts weren't the comfortable, loose-fitting kind that most people favor. These were "old school" athletic shorts - tight and skimpy. The tee was usually tight too. The whole ensemble was clearly intended to show off Mary's physical assets - full breasts pushing against that tight shirt, a nice, narrow waist and a firm, round butt. She was in great shape for a woman her age, which I guessed to be around 40. No, she was in great shape for a woman of any age, and she knew it. She definitely caught my eye. I wanted her.

What really caught my eye was Mary's bottom. It wasn't the kind I'm usually drawn to, not the classic "cute tushy." No, it was fuller than that, but oh so firm - like two ripe, fleshy beans stuck together there on her rear. There was just a tad of extra meat there, just enough to put a little jiggle in her buns when she walked. It was the kind of jiggle that a girl just can't help but notice - at least a girl like me. Whenever she turned around, I couldn't take my eyes off it. It just drew me in, begging me to touch it, squeeze it, kiss it. I kept thinking about how warm and soft it would be between those luscious cheeks.

So I guess it was Mary's bottom that finally made me do something to try to get with her. Of course, I needed an excuse to interact with her. It soon occurred to me that she had already provided the perfect one - her dogs. Mary was pretty consistent about the times she walked her dogs, so I could just be ready around those times and pop out onto the street when she came by. What could be more natural than a girl like me to fussing over some cute little doggies? And what dog-owner doesn't love that?

So there I was, a few days later, lying in wait for Mary to come by. Spotting her, I let her get a head start so as not to be too obvious. I knew that she always made a circle around the block, so once she was far enough past the house, I started off in the opposite direction. Within minutes, I encountered her coming toward me. 

I put on my brightest smile and said cheerfully, "Oh, I love your dogs. They are so cute!"

Mary responded with a crooked smile. "Thanks," she said with a laugh. "They are cute, but I'm afraid they're spoiled rotten." As she smiled, I noticed the subtle "laugh-lines" in her face and the hint of crow's feet at the corners of her eyes - two things that I always find attractive in mature women.

"Well," I said, bending down to pet them both, "that's what cute little dogs are made for, aren't they?"

Mary laughed. I was encouraged. This was moving easier than I'd hoped, but I decided to play it cool. After a few more niceties I moved on and let Mary go. But I had laid the seed.

Two days later, I was out again. This time I caught Mary just as she was starting. I made another fuss over the dogs (they really were cute) and asked if she minded if I walked with her. To my delight, she agreed, though she added, "I have to warn you, though, I go pretty fast." I told her that was okay with me because I needed the exercise. I explained that I was out of my usual workout routine because I was house-sitting.

"Oh," Mary said, "so you're watching Scott and Jen's house? I noticed the lights were on at night and wondered if someone was there."

I told her my situation, that I would be there for the next couple of months and that my usual gym was all the way across town. That's when I hit the jackpot.

"Oh gosh," she said, "I'm a personal trainer! I do it part-time, in my home, right up the street. I have free weights and some workout machines, too. If you're interested," she added with a smile, "I'll give you the 'neighborhood discount'."

I really didn't have much spare money for a trainer, even at a discount, but this surprising opportunity was just too good to pass up. I immediately told her I was interested. We exchanged numbers and continued our walk. 

Later that week, I called Mary and set up an initial appointment. Mary had suggested that two or three workouts a week would be a good schedule and I settled on three. Paying for three sessions every week would put a real strain on my current finances but I couldn't turn it down. The possibilities were just too promising. 

The first sessions were surprisingly tough. Mary had warned me that she was a challenging trainer, and she was true to her word. For those first few workouts, each time I left her house I was tired and sore all over. But I was also happy, because things were moving along. Mary was a "hands-on" trainer, touching me in various places to show me which muscles each machine or activity worked on. I loved that. And she opened up to me to a surprising degree, complaining more than expected about her husband. I found out that this was her second marriage. Mary had never had a lot of money in her life, and her husband made a lot, so that was nice. But the marriage was going a little stale. She even hinted that her sex life left a lot to be desired. "Thank God for vibrators," she said once, quickly blushing with embarrassment at letting that secret out. She explained that her husband was self-employed (she worked for him part-time) and was totally absorbed by his business - no time or interest for Mary's needs. That was definitely a plus for me! 

I was in my third week of workouts with Mary when I decided it was time to take a chance and make a move on her. I knew I was pushing it, probably going too fast, but I also knew I was running out of time before I had to leave the neighborhood, so I decided to go for it. I just needed an opening. Luckily for me, Mary is about to provide one.

Mary was telling me about a new exercise she had found. In the explanation, she raised her arms over her head and suddenly reacted to a painful twinge in her shoulders. When I asked what was wrong, she said that she had overdone it the previous day and that she probably had pulled a muscle. "I'll just have to rest it for a while," she said, "though that's pretty hard for me." 

Maybe this is it, I thought. It was a long shot, but worth a try. "Why don't you let me massage it?" I offered. "I took a few classes and I'd be happy to help." Mary declined my initial offer, but I insisted and eventually she relented.

I sat on a chair and had her sit on the floor in front of me. I started to knead her shoulders, and it seemed to help, but that wasn't going to get me where I wanted this to go. "You still seem tense," I said. "Why don't we get into a more comfortable position?" Luckily, Mary agreed. Whether she didn't detect my deception or was complicit in my little game, I still don't know. In any case, we moved to another room with a large couch. Mary got face-down on it and I climbed onto her, seated on her butt, and continued the massage.

Mary did relax as my hands worked on her shoulders. "God, that feels so much better," she said. "You have a wonderful touch." 

"You should do this more often," I offered. "You work so hard." Moving slightly lower on her back, I added, "I can do more than your shoulders if you like."

"Mmmmmm," she replied with a little laugh, "how can I say No?" 

I suggested that she remove her top and was thrilled when she didn't object. That left her sports bra. "That, too. Come on," I said innocently. She gave me a quick, slightly questioning look, but took it off. I got a brief look at Mary's full breasts before she plopped back down on the sofa. 

I took it slowly, giving her a seemingly innocent massage, but blending in some sensual, suggestive moves. I spent a long time just running my hands softly over her skin, not just one her back, but along her sides and even down to the edge of her ass, moving her shorts down just a tad to expose the top of her butt crack. Then I moved down to her thighs, which did actually seem a little tense. I kneaded them as I had her shoulders, letting my hands wander up as far as the bottom of her butt cheeks before retreating. Mary let me do all of this with little objection, only an occasional "Oh" of surprise at my boldness. 

Since she did not seem inclined to stop me, I decided to take a bigger chance. Scooting back a little to sit on her upper thighs, I leaned forward and lowered myself on top of her. Mary started to object, but I headed her off, telling her that the weight of my body would help her relax. It was a ridiculous idea, but she bought it, or maybe she just was giving in to the situation.

I continued to knead her shoulders as I rubbed the length of my body over hers, enjoying the warmth and the closeness of her. Mary closed her eyes and smiled. She was starting to give in. I was thrilled ... and getting more excited with each passing second.

I decided to get really bold. I quickly slipped off my top and bra and returned to my previous position atop Mary's back. She felt my bare skin against her own and responded with surprise, her eyes opening wide as she uttered a startled, "Oh!" But then, as I started to rub against her again, she relaxed and said, almost in a whisper, "Oh my, that does feel good."

I was so excited. My nipples were stiff and erect now, and I wondered if she could feel them as I rubbed against her. If she did, she didn't mind, because she let me continue with my little body-massage for a few minutes. I nuzzled my face into her neck and whispered in her ear, "I want to make you feel good, Mary. You've been so nice to me. I want to make you feel really, really good. You deserve it." 

Mary's only response was a warm smile and a barely audible "Okay." Her eyes were still closed and she looked very content, obviously enjoying what I was doing to her. I took the next step and, as I nuzzled her neck again, placed a soft kiss just below her ear. She didn't object, so I did it again, several times, then added a bit of tongue, licking sensuously along her neck, drawing a wonderful little whimper from her. 

I knew then that I was good to go. After a few more neck kisses, I urged her to turn over, and she did. She was breathing heavily now, as she looked deep into my eyes, holding my gaze with a combination of question and anticipation. I was sitting up on her hips, and as I looked down I noticed the tan-lines on her chest. It excited me, made me aware that I was one of the chosen few who got to see her this way. 

I reached down to place my hands over her breasts. They were full and oh-so-soft, filling my hands with a lush warmth. Mary's nipples were a deep pink, the areolas wide and stippled with little goose bumps. I was dying to take them in my mouth but it didn't feel right yet, so I continued to gently knead then with my hands. Then I leaned down to give her our first real kiss.

A placed my lips on hers, just a brief, chaste smooch, then went back for more. This time a ran my tongue over her lips, staying outside her mouth for the moment. But she showed no resistance and I couldn't help myself. I slipped inside her seemingly passive lips and found her own wet tongue, licking it slowly, gently in a circular motion. 

To my surprise. something in Mary suddenly switched on. All at once, she was returning my kiss with hot passion, her tongue moving eagerly over mine as she moaned shamelessly into my mouth. She clutched me to her, her right leg wrapping urgently around my upper thighs. All question and inhibition were gone now, and we were off and running.

My arousal soared as our tongues worked together, savoring the sweet taste of her mouth as my hands moved over her, the right one squeezing gently at her breast while the left one snuck under her slipping into her shorts to find the firm, soft delight of her butt cheeks. Mary moaned quietly in response to my caresses. It was absolutely wonderful, exactly as I hoped it would be.

I broke the kiss and moved my head down, lingering briefly at her neck before descending on her lovely breasts. I took one luscious nipple into my mouth and sucked it as my tongue rolled over it. Mary uttered a lovely, "Ohhhh," as I felt her little nubbin harden and grow between my lips. I was whimpering myself now as the thrill of finally having her overcame me. I moved back and forth between her tits, utterly enjoying the feel of that soft flesh. I tried to hide how excited I was, but it was difficult. It just felt so good to have her in my mouth. 

Mary was definitely into it now. She continued to moan and whimper, and her body writhed slowly on the bed, silently asking for more. I was happy to give it to her. Reluctantly leaving her breasts, I moved down her body, licking over her ribcage, settling briefly on her flat, firm midsection. Mary's stomach rippled in response and she uttered a breathy "Oh God." She knew what was coming. She wanted it.

I wanted it, too. God, did I want it! dropped to my knees on the floor and quickly slipped her shorts and panties down and off in a single motion, then nudged Mary into a new position on the couch, spreading her legs apart, raising the left one to rest against the back of the couch while the right one dangled off the front. I settled between them and took in the sight. Damn, she looked hot now, her legs splayed open wantonly while her chest heaved with passion. She caught my eye and held it for several seconds, seemingly wondering if I was really going to do this.

Of course I was. I looked between her legs now and got my first good look at her cunt. It looked wonderful. It was a mature woman's cunt, the lips full and meaty, so pink and swollen now with desire, with just a hint of moisture evident inside. And above it was a nicely trimmed bush of blonde hair that I longed to feel against my nose.

I started slowly, kissing up and down the inside surface of her raised leg, then giving the same treatment to the other one, purposely bypassing her crotch as I did so. Then I went back for a second pass, this time letting my tongue slip out to run a wet, swirling trail along each leg. Mary responded with a quiet, frustrated groan that told me I was teasing her just the way I wanted to. I did this several more times, and each time Mary's reaction grew stronger. 

Mary clearly was ready for more and so was I. On my next pass up her thigh, I didn't skip over. Instead, I placed my tongue at the bottom of her cleft and licked oh-so-slowly up the entire length of her vulva. Mary's hips rose off the sofa and she uttered and long, heartfelt "Ohhhhhhhhhh!" I slipped my hands beneath her to cup her lovely bottom.

I licked up and down in her slit several times, each time feeling her juices coating my tongue. Mary responded with a pathetic moan of desire. I licked around the edges of her cunt, placed a quick kiss on her clittie, and then used my thumbs to open her lips, revealing a drooling pit of vivid pink flesh inside her. I applied little feather-licks all over her pink treasure and she responded with a groan and began pumping her hips, begging for more. I covered her opening with my mouth, gently sucking at it before plunging my tongue all the way inside. We both moaned then. Her cunt felt so warm and juicy surrounding my tongue.

Mary was moving franticly on the couch now, totally turned on and in need of release. I moved to her clit, licking swirls around it and then taking it in my mouth. I sucked it in while simultaneously tickling the head with the tip of my tongue. Mary pretty much went crazy then, crying out, "Oh Gawwwwwd!" and franticly grabbing my head, pulling me into her. She was obviously close to cumming and I was intent on getting her there. I stayed on her clit, licking and sucking it until finally her body shook and she cried out as her orgasm hit her.

I licked her through her orgasm until she relaxed just a bit, her legs shaking with the aftershocks. But I didn't stop. Before the shaking had subsided, I started on her again, slowly once more, hoping to build her to another raging climax. She uttered a pathetic, "Ohhhh," as she realized I was going to do her again, but of course she didn't stop me.

I gave her pretty much the same treatment, since it had worked so well the first time. It worked even better this time, quicker at least, and in a minute or so I had her hips twitching and her body arching and was licking up an abundant dose of her cunt cream. It was heavenly. I could have done her all day, but decided that was enough for now, so I backed off and just watched her recover.

Mary was panting, gasping in air as the effects of her climax continued. "So good," she murmured, "... so good." Then she just lay there quietly as her breathing slowly returned to normal.

Finally, she looked up at me, a big, satisfied grin filling her face. "Thank you," she said in a near whisper. "Oh my. That was wonderful." I just smiled in return. Mary smiled warmly again and turned over on the couch, resting her head blissfully on her arms. I took the opportunity to once again run my hands over her lovely body, gently caressing her as she wallowed in the afterglow of her multiple orgasms. 

I kept doing that for a while, as Mary relaxed, her eyes closed, and contented smile on her face. But I wanted more. And I still had my eyes on her lovely bottom. Several minutes had passed when I decided to make my move.

"Wow," I said quietly, trying to sound nonchalant, "you have such a nice rear." I put my hands on it as I spoke, lightly caressing and squeezing it.

"Thanks," she said with a warm smile, "I'm pretty proud of my butt. It's one of the first things to go as you get older, so I work hard to keep it looking good. Mmmmm, that feels nice."

"Well," I said, doing my best to hide my true feelings as I continued to touch her, "It's nice, absolutely wonderful."

"Mmmmm."

I played with Mary's butt like that for a long time, like I was just giving her another light massage. I squeezed her cheeks, then stroked them with my open palms, delighting in their warm, silky softness. Occasionally I would pull them apart to sneak a peek at her darling little orifice. The sight thrilled me each time, but I hid it, until once I forgot and let out a little cry of excitement that Mary could not help but hear. 

She turned her head to look at me, first startled by the sound, then mildly shocked as she realized what was going on. "Oh my God," she said, her voice almost a whisper, the astonishment obvious on her face, "You wanna toss my salad, don't you?" 

I could feel my face redden with embarrassment. She'd caught me, and her language surprised me. I never use that particular term, always finding it somewhat crude (and never understanding the "salad" reference). But she was absolutely right, I did want to "toss her salad." There was nothing I wanted more at that moment than to bury my face in her lovely ass. And now that language, coming from her, from sweet, "suburban" Mary, had me turned on even more. I continued to knead her creamy cheeks as I answered meekly. "Yes. I'm sorry, I ... I do ... I really do." Then, hesitantly, I asked, "Would that be alright?"
