 Some people I've known for a few months would make my first summer after graduating high school one of the more exciting periods of my life. The young couple next door, fairly new to the neighborhood, are very sociable people. My parents enjoy having them at the the house and have also been inside their home.

Carin Johnson is in her thirties, and quite attractive. She's slim, and tall. She has dark brown hair sometimes in a pony tale and with bangs to her eyebrows. She has very pretty light brown eyes with just a hint of makeup and eye liner and red lip gloss.

My name is Laurie. I had just turned eighteen about a month ago. I have long, blond hair with blue eyes. I'm five foot five, three inches shorter than Carin. My measurements are 34 b 25.5 34. 

Gossipy stories had been a small part of my life ever since I was a small child. I knew who had been divorced in the neighborhood, or who was in a not so good marriage. I didn't really care about any of it. My learned tendency had been to bury what I heard.

Carin had always been above reproach. Her pleasant disposition and sense of humor about her husband all indicated a very good marriage. There was nothing there that anyone could gossip about. 

Not far from where I live is a health club for women only. Interested in keeping myself fit I purchased a membership for one year. During the week I would go at different times of the day around my work schedule. Carin had mentioned going there during the evenings generally around 6. 

This particular evening I had been doing everything just a little off schedule. A visit from my brother had put back my workout by about an hour. Delays not withstanding, I walked into the health club.

At the moment when I walked inside Carin was lying on a mat doing bicycle crunches The Mediterranean white sleeveless contour top with contour shorts that she was wearing accentuated some nice curves.

"Hi Laurie," she said in a cheerful voice after coming to her feet.

"Hi Carin," I replied.

"How long have you been a member here?"

"Just a couple of months. I like it."

I started my workout that included some cardio as well as some strength training. Carin had gone over to the stairmaster. Her slim but apparently strong legs seemed to pump effortlessly. Now and then I would look in her direction but not knowing what I could say. In any case I could admire her body such as it was.

Almost an hour had passed before I decided to call my workout finished. Sweating and with some tired muscles, I walked slowly toward the lockerroom. Carin, I noticed, had been gone from the exercise room for a few minutes.

Inside standing by her locker a few feet away across the other side of the room she stood naked toweling off her body. I could not help but stare at her. Her long legs, her ass, and small waist all said sexy. My eyes roamed up and down her body while she faced toward her locker with her back to me. Seeing her start to turn, I averted my eyes.

I'm a cautious person by nature. Aware that I'm a lesbian since puberty, I could even dare to think that another girl could be interested sexually in me. Experience had been limited to viewing web sights, and a lot of masturbating. My fantasies of making love with another girl had led to many a nearly sleepless night. 

Carin's body was every bit as beautiful as any I had seen in the porn photos and videos. Her breasts are round, firm and large, her belly is flat, and her legs long and shapely. Her whole body is firm and perfectly toned.

Carin Johnson I'll take your pussy. Take me now! Wait a second. She has a husband and that says straight. I need to focus my mind on other things.

There's always other things to think about. Her hair was one. I loved the way she was wearing it these days.

"You had your hair done. It looks really nice."

"Thank you, I had it done by Janice. They're new since like a week ago."

"I'll try them."

"Laurie would you like a ride home?"

"Yes," I said, "I jogged over here."

Things are not always what they appear to be. That goes for marriages. People are not always who they appear to be. Carin could only be straight so I tried not to give off any vibes.

The chat within the privacy of her car was about to turn my love life one hundred eighty degrees. She didn't seem angry.

"I saw you checking me out in the lockerroom."

I blushed, embarrassed.

"Listen it's okay. My husband doesn't know it, but I've had sex with women. I like it." 

I couldn't ask for better luck. This fucking hot thirty something year old married woman likes pussy!

"You figured out that I'm lesbian?"

"Sweetie I don't think your eyes left my tits or my ass all night."

This is better than I could dare hope. I wanted desperately to lose my virginity.

"Can we do it tonight?"

"I would love to sweetie but Jack is home and so are your parents. But don't worry we will."

After uncounted hours of fantasizing, of undressing her in wet dreams, the opportunity presented itself. My cell phone rang. As I didn't give her a distinctive ring tone, it could have been any of a few friends.

"Hello,"

"Hi Laurie, it's me Carin."

"Hi," I said, "What's happening?"

"Jack went out for a couple of hours. It's his bowling night."

It was 7 :30. The shadows were lengthening but at least an hour of daylight remained. Dressed in shorts and tank top I walked outside via the back door, around the house and across to the Johnson residence.

At the front door I heard a barking dog that I had seen many times. From the other side a voice yelled "Pluto keep quiet. Stop barking!"

Coming inside, I pet the Airedale terrier on it's head then looked up at Carin standing there. She was scantily clad in only her bra and panties.

"I hope your not too embarrassed. I know how virgins can be."

She took me in her arms pulling me against her tall, lean body. Her buxom boobs pressed against me. Then her lips met mine. Tongues poked out and into open, wet mouths. I had never french kissed anyone before but it felt and tasted so nice.

My hand slid down inside her panties to her clitoris. Two fingers rubbed softly while my thumb pushed inside her. She slowly and seductively pushed off the straps then unfastened her bra. The garment fell to her feet. My hands cupped her full, firm boobs, pressing gently. Fingers raked across her nipples. She moaned softly.

I took her panties slowly down. She stepped out of them.

Now was my turn to undress. Pulling off my halter top I tossed it behind her. I kicked off my shoes. She took my elastic band shorts and my panties halfway down my ass then fondled me. As her fingers stroked my clit and poked deep into my pussy cum began spewing out down my thigh. Her other hand pressed against my ass.

A second later she pushed me down onto the sofa. My legs spread and extended. Her tongue brushed against my wet pussy, over my clit and into the vagina. I moaned softly showing pleasure on my face as she licked me.

She kissed her way up my torso finally bringing her lips to my nipples. They swelled and stiffened. Her lips puckered sucking hard on the left side first then a few seconds after, the right side.

"Oh baby don't stop!"

Her fingers by now were poking deep inside me. I was starting to have orgasims. They came one after another. My soft moans grew into loud screams as her fingers continued to rock inside me. 

I had never felt anything quite like it. My heart was going like a jackhammer, breaths were rapid and shallow, my skin turned red, and muscle contractions overtook my entire body. All these symptons seemed to happen at once. The orgasms came in waves.

Several orgasms later I lay exhausted, barely able to move even a limb with my lover looking down and smiling at me. As I began to recover she began dressing.

"I can't have my husband come home and catch us."

I could not have concurred more.

"I won't say anyhthing if you don't." We both chuckled at my remark.

I dressed and stayed for coffee which was served on her back porch.