 Jen couldn't believe how quickly it had come to an end...three years with a boy who had lusted after her, had pursued her, had asked her out day after day, a relationship that she had finally given into, discovered and savored, which ended every day with optimistic speculation about their future together, about their marriage and honeymoon, about what their kids would look like. So quickly it had gone from an impossibility to a reality and then finally, again, to nothing at all. They had been only eighteen when they started dating, and now, though still only twenty-one, starting over again seemed like too daunting a task to consider, so much had she invested emotionally. 

She had spent her weeks crying, had tried drinking too much, even allowed herself an unsatisfying one-night-stand with a male colleague from her office. The fact of the matter was that the easy social atmosphere of high school was over and, in the rest of the world, meeting people was difficult. She had forgone university or college having, at the time, thought that her life was settled. She had her man, and she had her life before her. Schooling would have meant that she might have had to live away from him, might have found herself in a situation that might drive a wedge between them, and that was something neither of them was prepared to do. These thoughts seemed so foolish and immature in retrospect. Jen didn't hate him, she only wished she had known how he felt earlier. Hindsight can be a horrible thing to endure.

Her girlfriends had been supportive throughout the breakup, supplying the requisite comments about how men were a bunch of assholes and comments about the plentitude of marine life in the sea. The bottom line was that they were all in what seemed like impenetrably solid relationships, like tourists from Jen's perspective of hardship, and their words of encouragement and empathy sounded hollow. Bars were visited, presents were bought and finally, as the months went by, Jen's friends forgot about her pain or told her to get over him. It wasn't easy. After her friends ditched she tried smoking, reading books designed to help her cope. She tried hanging out in bars and looking tough. She tried not caring. A thousand unanswered messages from her parents were housed on her answering machine.

Her style gradually changed, and then changed back. When she had been in her relationship she had rarely strayed from her hooded sweatshirts and jeans, t-shirts and shorts, plain grey underwear - comfortable clothes that did little to accentuate her natural curves. It hardly had seemed to matter at the time. She wasn't advertising and anytime she wanted to feel sexual she had a warm body next to her in bed to strip for. When it all ended, her fashion began to reflect her mood: ripped tights and dirty t-shirts, her brunette hair matted with grease. She listened to and identified with punk music for the first time. As time went by she came to realize that her body, having always been a bit large in the chest and long in the legs, looked ridiculous in such adolescent clothes. She started buying skirts, dressing in trendy black tops, low-cut affairs that drew attention to her breasts. Knee-high boots and deep, red lipstick. Silky underwear, dark green bras. Her olive skin looked all the more remarkable when so suitably attired, and she began to feel the pricks of self-esteem return when she looked at herself in the mirror. For the first time since before the end of her relationship she began to notice the look in the eyes of the men around her. It was exciting, and it was terrifying. Jen realized that she was nowhere near ready to start dating again. She wasn't even sure if she remembered how.

Jen let soap run down her body, the shower covering her naked back with sheets of steaming hot water. She missed the sex. Though it had become routine towards the end, perhaps one of the reasons that he left, the memory of a particular anniversary and a hot tub sprung to mind as she eased a finger into her pussy with a groan. She lifted her leg up on the edge of the bathtub and caressed her throbbing nipple with one hand while slowly increasing the friction against her clit. She remembered his cock in her mouth and how sexy it made her feel, her hands on his thighs, then her legs beside her head on the bedroom floor. Her back arched while shudders ran through her legs, mimicking her memories. The last of the soapsuds were cleansed from her breasts. With a final, intense shake, she came, her head tilted back, and wondered how long before she'd be able to share these experiences with another person. 

She started visiting little downtown coffee shops with a favorite book, an attempt to reinsert herself into social settings. She can remember getting into some heated discussions about politics with some college students in these areas, and hoped to meet someone new and interesting. It was the kind of place where everyone holds up the book they're reading so everyone else can see the title and the author. She ordered a salad, and settled down to her book, the cover flat against the table. Defeated or not, she was not into advertising her need for attention. It was on one of these visits that Jen met Becky.

"What are you reading?" a voice came from behind her.

Jen looked up into jade green eyes set in a light face framed by thick, blonde hair done in braids that hung draped over her visitor's shoulders.

"Oh...um...just a novel I've read a thousand times before," Jen said quickly, looking back down at the page, hoping this intruder might leave. She was hoping a man might introduce himself, which was less likely to happen if she was sitting with another woman. Instead, the intruder sat down opposite her, putting her book and coffee down in front of her.

"My name's Becky," she said. "Are you a student?"

"No," Jen said, allowing a small amount of annoyance to seep into her voice.

"I just figured...this is college town..."

"I used to come here with...my boyfriend..."

"Oh, so you're with someone...that's great! What's he like?"

Jen wondered about this Becky. What was her story? Would this be the sympathetic ear she desired or another friend who might conveniently forget her when the going got tough?

"It...doesn't matter," Jen said, "we're not together anymore. We broke up about six months ago."

To Jen's surprise, Becky reached out and touched her hand, a jolt at the surprise of contact traveling the length of her arm. Becky looked directly into Jen's eyes, an unwavering and intense gaze.

"Are you okay?" Becky asked.

Jen and Becky chatted for a few minutes, trading particulars, and then the conversation truly began. Jen felt, for some reason, that Becky was genuinely interested in her story and would be there for her after her story was finished. She poured her heart out. Becky listened for an hour or more.

"Wow," Becky said when Jen had finally finished, "it sounds like you've been waiting a while to get that off your chest."

"It...feels good to say it..." Jen said, shyly brushing her hair behind her ear. "Thanks for listening. It hasn't been easy finding a friendly ear."

"Look...Jen...I'm having a party at my house next week, and I think you should come. Just some good people and a good time. I think you need to unwind and we know how to do just that."

"I think I'd like that," Jen said.

Becky slid her phone number across the table and, to Jen's surprise, extended her hand towards her.

"It was a pleasure meeting you," Becky said, quite formally.

"...you too, Becky."

And with that Becky rose to leave. Jen spent some time looking at Becky's phone number before she returned to her book.

*

Jen rang the doorbell, bass music lightly thumping from behind the door in front of her. She was nervous. She had changed her clothes at least a half a dozen times before finally settling on a grey skirt, a pair of understated black shoes and a sleeveless black shirt with a lacy trim that hugged her breasts. It took a moment before the door swung open, revealing Becky in an emerald green summer skirt that stopped just above her knees. 

Jen was taken aback by the sight of her. Becky looked fantastic, the green of her dress playfully matching her eyes. Her hair flowed smoothly over her shoulder. Before Jen could say anything, Becky took a step forward and gave her a hug.

"Jen! I'm so glad you came. You're going to have a great time."

"Hi Becky. You look...really great in that dress!"

Becky looked at her with a sly smile.

"That's sweet of you. You look very pretty yourself. Come on. Let me introduce you to some people.

The evening settled easily. After a few minutes of awkward introductions, Jen poured herself a gin and tonic and sat, listening to the conversation of the other girls. About eight of them sat around the living room, some passionately debating the state of a newly democratized nation, others merely chilling to the sound of the electronic music on the stereo. Everyone was holding a wine glass, a highball, or a cigarette.

As the evening matured, individual conversations emerged. Jen discovered that most of the girls were in political science or literature courses at the college. Jen poured herself another gin and tonic, and then another. Empty wine bottles lined the fireplace mantle, and the laughter gradually grew louder.

A jostle at Jen's side caused her to tear herself away from a conversation about the Renaissance she was having with a girl named Kelly who studied art history. Becky gazed back at her, having slouched down beside her on the couch, her arm draping behind Jen and over her shoulder.

"Hi!" Jen said, a little too enthusiastically. The gin was starting to get to her, she realized.

"Do you want a tour of the house?" Becky asked, her voice a little slurred.

"Sure, that would be great. It's such a nice place."

"Okay girls, we'll be right back," Becky said. Jen noticed that a couple of them were smiling at Becky in a way that she couldn't quite put her finger on. It seemed she was not on the inside of an inside joke.

As Becky led Jen through the kitchen, the dining room, and up the stairs to the study, Jen asked,

"How do you afford such a beautiful, large house? Aren't you a college student? Do you share this with your parents?"

"No, I share this house with some of the girls downstairs. The rent is manageable between so many people. People come and go as they please. And there are all sorts of other quirks."

"Like what?"

"Oh...you know...sharing expenses...getting to spend time together...other things."

Becky led Jen out of the study and into a darker room a little down the hallway.

"And this," Becky said, "is my room." A Matisse print hung above a dresser, which was next to a mirror mounted on the wall. Other than a large, queen-sized bed in the middle of the room and a couch under a long, horizontal bedroom window, it was almost bare.

"It's beautiful. So simple."

Becky pushed play on the stereo on her dresser top and the sound of conversation from the room below faded.

"Would you like another drink?" Becky asked and she quietly closed the door.

"...sure."

"Have a seat on the couch over there. I'll get it."

Becky opened a small chest pulled from under the bed and pulled out a micky of vodka. Stepping lightly over to Jen, she poured a shot's worth into Jen's glass before pouring herself a shot.

"Bottoms up."

After another couple of shots, Jen and Becky were giggling about the circumstances under which the met. Becky sat sideways on the couch, her arm again draped behind Jen.

"What made you come over and introduce yourself?" Jen asked.

"I don't know...just a feeling that you needed the company."

"That's it?"

"Well...I'll admit...there was more to it than that..."

"What then?"

"You...well, I feel silly on the spot like this but..."

"You feel silly? But you seem so confident!"

"I...well, you just looked so good, I needed to introduce myself."

Jen didn't know what to say. She wished she looked as good as Becky.

"I don't know what to say...that's so sweet of you...I mean, you're the beautiful one, I don't know why you'd say something like that to me..."

Becky leaned in and pressed her lips to Jen's. They paused for a moment, frozen in place, Becky's eyes closed and Jen's wide open with surprise. A moment passed, and then Jen's eyes closed slowly. Their lips formed together. Becky's tongue worked the length of Jen's lower lip, and then the upper lip before pulling back. They stopped for a moment, their eyes opening as if from sleep, drunk and bedroom eyed.

"That was nice," Becky said.

"Yes...I just...wasn't expecting it...but yes, it was nice...I just..."

"Jen."

"Yes?"

Becky leaned in and kissed her again, this time more forcefully. Jen wasn't sure what to think except how soft Becky's lips were against her own. This was unexpected but she couldn't deny that her eyes had been straying to Becky all night long, looking at the way her green summer dress clung loosely to her curves, the way her blonde hair fell in solid gold down her back. It had taken months for Jen to get used to making new friends, being around new people, to consider being intimate with someone new...this was pleasant...more than pleasant. It was exciting and different. Jen brought her hand to the back of Becky's head and drew her closer. She could feel her arousal building as she breathed Becky's scent, blonde hair tumbling towards her. 

Their tongues playfully explored each other's mouths. Jen's arms were unsure of what to do next but Becky's confidently stroked her back. Jen noticed Becky's breathing quickening as they kissed. Suddenly Becky pulled back.

"What is it?" Jen asked.

"I want to touch you."

Jen hesitated for a moment. Becky seemed to be waiting for her approval.

"Okay," she said sheepishly.

Becky gently applied pressure to Jen's shoulders, forcing her to lean back against the couch in a sitting position.

"Just relax," Becky whispered into her ear with a quick lick. "Close your eyes."

Jen closed her eyes.

She could feel Becky's fingertips on her knee, then the inside of her knee. Slowly her grey skirt was lifted slightly. Jen lifted her butt a little so it could slide more easily. She couldn't believe she was doing this! But the combination of the gin, vodka and Becky's intoxicating scent was too much. Becky's hot breath came on her ear, her tongue circling Jen's ear lobe.

"Oh god," Jen whispered. She could smell the faint wisp of pussy in the air and she knew it was her excitement. Becky had pulled her skirt up around her waist so only a pair of black panties protected her. Becky's lips were on her neck and the feeling was so intense and arousing that Jen was genuinely surprised when she felt Becky pull aside her panties and slip a finger into her pussy.

Becky pulled her head away from Jen's neck for a moment, but continued to slowly work her finger in and out. Jen looked at Becky and saw her staring right back, right into her eyes.

"Is this your first time?" Becky asked.

"With a woman." Jen was surprised by how breathless her voice sounded, from either nervousness or the building excitement in her cunt.

"Don't worry. I'll make it worth it."

And with that, Becky leaned in and kissed Jen while grabbing Jen's panties with her hand and pulling down. Feeling them slip down her legs and onto the floor, Jen spread her legs wider. Becky sensed the signal and pushed two fingers into Jen's pink, neatly-trimmed pussy while massaging Jen's clit with her thumb.

"Oh god, Becky. That feels so good." Jen managed to say between kisses. Becky's tongue was on her neck again, and then on her collarbone.

Suddenly Becky was on her knees on the floor in front of her, her mouth dipping between her legs. Jen spread her legs wider and raised her hips to meet Becky's lips.

"Ohh, oh!" Jean moaned as the young college student's tongue met her clit for the first time. Becky lifted Jen's legs up onto her shoulders and Jen clutched the back of the couch behind her head. Jen had never felt sensations like these before, even when her ex-boyfriend had gone down on her. Becky was so skillful. Her tongue alternated between circling Jen's clit and taking big, vertical licks that started almost at her anus. As Becky was eating her, Jen thought back to her best sexual experiences, the memories intermingling with her desire for Becky in a sensual way. As her excitement built, Jen was brought back to the memories of the best fucks she had had, the feeling of cock in her mouth and her hands tied with silk to the bed frame. Becky was moaning into her pussy.

"I'm going to cum! Oh, I'm going to cum!" Jen hissed, her hips bucking against Becky's face. Her body was wracked with an orgasm like she had never felt before, her cunt throbbing and sending a wash of pleasure throughout her whole body. The mental images she was playing through, the pictures she had of her own body fucked against a wall and in a hot tub, suddenly blurred in the moment of ecstasy. 

When Jen opened her eyes, she saw Becky smiling at her from the floor in front of her.

"How was it?"

"God Becky, it was amazing," Jen said between heaving breaths.

"I'm glad you liked it."

"I mean, I don't think I've ever had an orgasm like that before. If I have it's been years..."

"And to think that we've only just started! As you're about to discover, there are some things that that ex-boyfriend of yours was never able to give you."

"I...I don't know what you mean...are you saying that you want me to do to you what you just did to me?" Jen stammered, intrigued at the prospect.

"Among other things. But for now, why don't you stand up," Becky said, rising to her feet.

As Jen watched, Becky slipped the straps of her summer dress off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She stood, naked from the waist up with only a pair of pink panties, in the middle of the room.

Becky's breasts weren't quite as large as Jen's and had puffy, pink areolas. Jen stood and walked towards Becky, taking her in her arms as if to kiss her.

"No. Not yet," Becky said, holding up a hand between them. "First you strip."

"Okay..." Jen began, fumbling with the top of her skirt. And she began to undo the zipper, Becky mounted the bed and sat with her back resting against the headboard so she could see.

"Strip for me Jen."

Jen felt a little silly at first, but then let the relaxing music and the warm buzz of alcohol take over. Why shouldn't she have fun? Becky wanted her, and she wanted Becky. Why not give in to it fully?

"Okay. Get a good view."

As Becky reclined, Jen began to subtly move to the music, grinding her hips in the air. She ran her hands up her body, grasping her breasts in front of her and teasing the nipples through the lacy, black material. She could see Becky slip her fingers into her panties and begin to masturbate.

Jen grabbed the bottom of her shirt and slowly pulled it up over her head while moving onto the bed on her knees.

"You're so beautiful Jen," Becky moaned, one hand playing under her panties and the other pinching and pulling her nipple. Becky's eyes were glued to Jen's breasts, barely contained as they were in a lacy, black bra.

Jen unhooked her bra from the front and exposed her beautiful, tanned breasts, her nipples stiff. Becky let out a particularly loud moan when she saw Jen's breasts exposed to the bedroom air. Jen unzipped the skirt, which was again pushed up around her waist, and tossed it in a corner.

Jen moved down the bed towards Becky's body, which was writhing with increasing intensity. Slipping her thighs on either side of Becky's hips, Jen proceeded to grind in Becky's lap, her breasts just inches from Becky's lips. Whenever Becky would lean forward to take one in her mouth, Jen would pull back teasingly. Jen leaned back on her arms, letting Becky see her breasts point stiffly in the air, knowing what their appearance was doing to the girl.
