 Rachel Johnson was enjoying her first day off from work in over a month. The twenty-three year old lesbian vixen was a massage therapist. She spent the day lounging on her back porch getting a tan. She had dozed off to sleep a couple of times. She was woke up by a moving van next door.

Someone was moving into the house behind her's. As she wondered who it was, she saw a blue Corsica pull into the driveway. She dared not take her eyes away from the car as two gorgeous women got out of it. 

The older one, perhaps the mother, had blonde hair and a sexy tanned body, featuring a pair of big breasts hidden by a tank top and short shorts. The younger woman had brown hair and was almost a duplicate copy of the other woman.

Staring at these two women got Rachel simmering hot and horny. She decided she needed a shower. She skipped to the bathroom, hopped into the shower and turned it on. Just as soon as the warm water hit her body, her imagination took over.

Someone pulled the shower curtain open. It was the older woman from next door. Her tits were even bigger naked. She stepped inside the shower. She grabbed Rachel by the head and began kissing her. Their tongues began dancing as the water cascaded down their bodies. Rachel began to kiss and suck on her lover's neck, and then she slowly kissed her way down, to those golden brown breasts. She slowly began to suck the right tit. Then she moved on to the left one and did the same. Her lover's moans became louder and louder. Rachel got on her knees and asked her to spread her legs. When she did, Rachel found her prize: The hottest pussy she had ever seen. The aroma from that twat was so intoxicating. Rachel began to softly lick and kiss the swollen clit. Her lover's moans became louder and louder into screams of wanton ecstasy. Then someone else pulled back the shower curtain. It was the younger girl.

"Mom? What are you doing?!"

Just as she began to cum and the shower water became cold, Rachel woke up, still horny and frustrated. That night Rachel went to sleep early. Her mind once again turned to the world of erotic dreams.

The next door neighbor walked into the room, wearing nothing but a flesh colored strap-on dildo. She was lubing it up as she walked towards the bed. She told Rachel to strip. She did. The neighbor got into bed with Rachel and kissed her as she inserted her faux cock. She began pumping slowly into Rachel's pussy. Then she began to fuck her faster and faster.

"Oh God! Please! Give me more! More! Harder! Harder!"

The neighbor was more than happy to carry out Rachel's request. She began fucking her harder and faster, almost to the point of submission. Rachel exploded in orgasm. She opened her eyes to thank her lover, but all she found was herself wrapped around a pillow humping it.

The dreams went on for a couple of days. She even had one while she was at work.

The neighbor came in for a massage. She laid on her stomach on the table naked, as Rachel put some scented oils on her hands and began Rubbing it in her tight tanned flesh. Rachel couldn't resist the temptation. She stripped and laid on top of the woman and began gyrating and rubbing her entire body all over her's. She kissed the back of her neck, and began to fondle her breasts. The phone rang and once again Rachel was rushed back to reality. Rachel couldn't take it anymore. She got off at noon, and decided to go over and introduce herself to the new neighbor.

Rachel pulled into the driveway of her house and walked over to the neighbor's. She knocked on the door twice. She started to chicken out and walk away. The neighbor opened the door and spoke.

"Can I help you?"

"Um yeah! I'm your new neighbor, I just thought I would come by and introduce myself."

"Well hello. I'm Sharon. Come on in. I'm afraid I didn't catch your name."

"Oh I'm sorry. I'm Rachel." 

"Well come on in and have a seat. Let's get to know each other. Would you like anything to drink?"

"I'll take a water if you have any."

"Okay. One water coming up."

Rachel was starting to loosen up some. As Sharon went to the kitchen to get some water, Rachel caught herself staring at her tight shapely jean clad ass. Yes she wanted this woman very bad. Sharon returned with the water. at sat on the sofa.

"So Rach. Can I call you Rach."

"Sure."

"What's the neighborhood like?" 

"Quiet. The only problem we ever had was some horny old man with a telescope, and he moved away a couple of years ago."

"Well that's a relief so what can you tell me about yourself?"

"Well I'm twenty-three. I'm a massage therapist. I'm working to put some money back to go to college. But most of the time I like to hang around the house and chill. How about you?"

"Well I'm thirty-five. I'm divorced. The only two good things I got out of that were my eighteen year old daughter Dakota, and half of my cheating bastard ex's money."

Rachel jumped for joy inside. She found an opening. A hatred for her ex husband might equal a hatred for all men, which might equal a little cunnlingus sometime later. Sharon groaned it broke Rachel from her dirty train of thought.

"Are you ok Sharon"

"Yeah I'm just a little sore from moving boxes and furniture."

"Well maybe I could get the soreness out."

Rachel couldn't believe she just said that.

"Yeah! You are a massage therapist. That would be great if you could help me out. My shoulders are killing me."

Rachel had a feeling come over her. The thoughts running through her mind were so sinfully erotic she couldn't believe she was going through with them. She walked behind the sofa. It was time for step one. She began to gently rub Sharon's shoulders.

"How does that feel?"

"Good."

Rachel continued to rub Sharon's shoulders. She felt her becoming putty in her hands. It was time for step two.

"Make some room for me I'm going to sit behind you and get in a better position."

Sharon made room and Rachel sat behind her and continued rubbing her shoulders. She got braver and sat down on her butt and wrapped her long legs sensuously around Sharon's waist. It was time for step three. 

Rachel began to kiss and lick the back of Sharon's neck.. It startled Sharon.

"What the? What are you doing?"

"Shh. Let your therapist do her job."

Rachel continued to whisper in her neighbor's ear as she continued her physical seduction.

"When was he last time you had good sex Sharon?"

"I, I can't remember. It's been ages."

"Was your hubby ever good in the sack?"

"No."

"Ever been with another woman before?"

"No."

"But you've always wanted to haven't you Shari?"

"Um I, I"

"Be honest."

"Yes, but I never wanted to be labeled a......"

"A lesbian? A dyke?"

"Yes."

It was time for step four.

"We are not labels We are human beings. With the same needs as straight people. We just find it best in other women. Now I want you to help me take off your shirt and bra. Will you help me?"

"Yes."

"This is going to be the beginning of a long and beautiful friendship."

Sharon helped Rachel remove her shirt and bra. Sharon's mind was so cloudy. She just met this woman no more than ten minutes ago, and now she was being seduced by her.

Rachel cupped Sharon's breasts with her hands and began to rub them.

"How big are those hot globes in my hands Shari?"

"38Cs."

Sharon's nipples became rock hard. Rachel began gently tugging on them. It was time for step four. Rachel started to gently roll Sharon nipples between her fingers. Sharon began to breathe harder.

"Does this feel good?"

"Yes."

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No, please, don't stop."

Rachel began to get a little rougher with her prey. She began to pinch Sharon's nipples. Sharon was getting so horny and wet. She was close to doing something she hadn't done in a long time: Have an orgasm given to her by another person. And for the first time ever, from another woman.

Rachel could feel Sharon on the verge of cumming. Sharon was bucking wildly, rubbing herself against her. Rachel just kept working her magic on Sharon's orbs.

"Don't you feel so naughty? So brazen? So good? I bet you're gonna cum soon?"

"Yes, I am."

"And at the hands of another woman. Doesn't that make you feel like a little nympho?"

"Yes."

Shari, I'm going to start tugging on your tits really hard. I want you to cum just as hard. Okay?"

"Okay?"

Rachel began to really pull and tug hard at Shari's breasts. And soon, just as promised, Sharon had and Earth shattering, mind blowing, and world changing orgasm.

"Oh God I'm, I'm, gonna, gonna cum!"

"Do it! Cum like you've never cum before!"

And Sharon did. It was a long powerful orgasm that went on for what seemed like forever. It was like Sharon's vagina was a volcano that had been dormant for centuries, but had been building up pressure. And now was the time the pressure blew it's top!

Rachel got up and stood before her quivering new lover. It was now time for step five.

"If you wish to continue our little adventure, clean yourself up put on some sexy panties and a trenchcoat only and meet me at my house in a half hour."

Rachel left Sharon laid out on the couch, as she made her way back to her home.

The next thirty minutes went by at a snail's pace. Rachel was somewhat worried that she had frightened her neighbor, and she wouldn't accept the invitation. Her fears were laid to rest when she heard the doorbell ring.

She opened the door and was greeted by the sight of Sharon in her trenchcoat.

"I'm glad you decided to come by."

"I'm still a bit confused. but the way a felt a few minutes ago, I want to feel that over and over again."

"May I take your coat?"

Rachel removed Sharon's coat. Just as she had asked, Sharon wore a pair of sexy lace panties. Rachel couldn't resist. Her lips had to taste Sharon's. She grabbed her by the back of her head and gently guided both of their mouths together until they collided. She gently put her tongue in Sharon's mouth. Sharon did the same with her's. Their tongues began a magical dance that melted any inhibitions that either might have had. After several minutes of non stop tonsil hockey, Rachel broke the kiss and realized:

"Oh my! I'm a bit overdressed aren't I? Why don't you sit in this chair while I get more comfy?"

Rachel guided Sharon over to a chair in the kitchen. Rachel went over to her stereo and popped in a CD. It was a generic CD she burned a while back with the title: "Stripping music" on it.

As the music began to play, Rachel walked up to Sharon, spread her legs, and rub her body all over her's. As she was doing this, she began to unbutton her blouse. When she unbuttoned it, Sharon helped her remove it from her body. Rachel stood up and removed her shoes and socks as seductively as she could. Next, Rachel slowly pulled down the tight cut off shorts she was wearing. Now she stood before Sharon in her bra and thong panties. She bent over and showed Sharon her sweet tight ass. She pulled off her bra. Now she felt comfy.

She and Sharon kissed again. She began to feel up Sharon's breasts, and invited Sharon to do the same to her. After a few minutes, Rachel was done with foreplay. It was time to go for the gold.

Rachel gently lead Sharon to her bedroom. They kissed at the foot of the bed. Rachel pushed Sharon onto the bed and pounced on top of her. She began to kiss her as her hand traveled down Sharon's body and rested on top of her panty clad mound. She began to rub her pussy. She wasn't satisfied she shoved her hand inside her panties and bean to rub. Sharon was oblivious to everything but what Rachel was doing. She was setting her on fire. Sharon had never felt like this before and she loved every minute of it. Rachel was getting restless. She wanted more than just to finger this hot hairy snatch, she wanted to taste it.

Rachel scooted her way down until she was face to pussy with her prize. She inhaled it's aroma. It was so intoxicating. She stuck out her tongue and began to slowly lick the outside area of her new friend's vagina. Sharon gasped at this new pleasure. No one had ever even offered to eat her out before, but she wished they had, because she had really been missing out.

Rachel began diving her tongue deeper into Sharon's tasty muff. She began licking faster and harder as Sharon began moaning louder and louder. Sharon was in paradise. All her inhibitions were gone. She didn't care if this made her a lesbian, she was going to be damn proud to be a dyke, as long as she still had Rachel by her side.

"Oh! Oh! God! Please don't stop!"

Rachel didn't stop. She began licking even aster, In between each lick, she sucked hard on Sharon's erect clit. After a brief time filled with moans that got louder and louder, Sharon finally had an explosive orgasm.

"Oh shit! Oh fuck! I'm going to do it! I'm going to explode! I'm! I'm! I'm cumming!"

Cum erupted from Sharon's vagina and exploded on to Rachel's face. Rachel licked it all up. Just as Sharon thought the evening was over, Rachel wanted to finish her job. She got off of the bed and began looking for something in her nightstand.

"I have just one more thing I wish to do to you tonight. Now close your eyes, and don't open them until I tell you to."

"Okay."

After a brief quiet minute Rachel spoke again.

"Okay baby, open them!"

"Oh my!"

Sharon was in shock! She had never seen a woman wearing a dildo before, but now there was one standing before her lubing it up, with a seductive grin on her face.

"I call him Bubba."

"Bubba" was flesh colored, made of rubber, and just six inches. The way Rachel was lubing Bubba up looked like she was jacking off.

"Wanna ride on Bubba?"

Rachel laid beside Sharon.

"Hop on."

Sharon straddled Bubba. It slid on smoothly. Sharon let out a brief moan as she felt it inside her. Rachel began to move her hips to make Bubba go up and down inside Sharon's pussy. Sharon was helping by bouncing up ad down on the rubbery monster. Sharon was beside herself with joy. Bubba felt so good inside of her. And he was so big. Her ex husband would be green with envy if he knew his ex wife was getting more pleasure from a woman with a fake cock than he could ever get with a tiny real one!

Rachel could see the look of blissful ecstasy in Sharon's eyes. Just a few more thrusts, and she would be orgasming again!Soon Sharon did orgasm for a third time.

"Oh my God! I cumming again!"

Rachel could see the exhaustion in Sharon's face and realized that they could go no farther. She took off her dildo, covered in Sharon's girl cum, and cuddled beside her.

"Wanna lick it?"

Together Rachel and Sharon licked Bubba clean.

"Why do you call it Bubba?"

"Well, I have never been with a guy, but if I ever did, I would love to be with that guy that played Bubba on In the Heat of the Night."

"Oh, I understand."

"I hope I didn't scare you. It's just I've been trying to fight this urge I've had for you since I saw you move in next door. I just couldn't fight it anymore."

"I'm glad you couldn't. You have made me feel like no one has ever made me feel. Sexy and wanted."

"Oh I want you. Forever and ever."

The two girls made out and cuddled. But Sharon was still not feeling good about something. How would she deal with her daughter, Dakota now that she was a lesbian. At the same time with a tickle in her pussy and a smile on her face, Rachel wondered the same thing.

To be continued...