 After Mistress left, it took Jen a while before she was confident enough in her body to attempt movement. She could feel herself trembling, even shivering slightly as she came down from her high, streams of sweat cooling her body, the cool air of the cellar running over her. Waves of pleasure still roamed through her body, looking for somewhere to break, and she knew she had to be careful with her movements, careful not to arouse herself and give herself release. Mistress wasn't there to see her, but Jen knew that she would know when she returned if Jen had taken forbidden pleasure, taken the release that wasn't allowed in this cellar.

She rose carefully from the chair, noting now just how precarious her position on it had been, how slim the cushions and bars that supported her had been, how much she'd relied on Mistress' bonds to keep her on it. She could see her sweat covering it, steadily dripping down to the floor below, reminding her of the flow she could feel between her legs. She walked in unsteady circles, her legs barely supporting her, still strained and exhausted from her ordeals before. The rest of her body had the same feeling - the muscles stretched and strained from her hoisting, the nerves still tingling from the pleasure Mistress had delivered in the chair. The combination of strain and delight mixed within her body, each reinforcing the other as she walked, trying to centre her mind and return herself to some semblance of normality.

She concentrated on her clothes, what little they were, feeling how closely they fitted her, how much a part of her they had become. She almost failed to register that she wore Mistress' collar now, the band of leather round her neck merely registering as thick skin to her senses, its touch, like Mistress, feeling part of her soul. The gauntlets around her arms were warm and tight, fitting her perfectly. When Mistress had bound them with rope and chains, it had felt to Jen as though the bonds were part of her arms, tied directly into her, her skin not slipping at all within the tight leather. The ankle cuffs were the same, snug against her skin, just an extension of her, letting her be bound to the hard stone below as though it was entirely natural.

She found that concentrating on that helped to control her, reminded of her subservient place beneath Mistress, that her body was merely Mistress' tool, nothing more. As she thought on this, she heard the noise from the door, the rough slide of the bolt, then a metallic echo as it was dragged open. Quickly, instinctively, she turned to face the door and dropped carefully to her knees, lowering her head and resting her hands in her lap as the door swung open. She heard Mistress walk towards and around her, then stand behind Jen.

'Sit up, my dear.' Jen stretched up slowly, feeling the back of her head touch Mistress' hands as she raised it. Before she knew what was happening, Mistress' hands moved quickly, around her face, Jen feeling something soft against her skin and then blackness as she went beneath the blindfold again.

'Now stand up.' Jen brought herself to her feet, carefully, gradually, manoeuvring herself by sense rather than sight, her strained body quivering slightly as she forced herself up, desperate to not slip and embarrass herself before Mistress. Soon she managed it, standing straight, sensing Mistress watching from behind her. As she stood there, Mistress moved around her, taking her hand and leading her silently across the room. As before, Jen's other senses heightened to compensate for her current blindness, hearing the slap of her feet against the bare stone, feeling its contours beneath her feet as she walked.

Mistress stopped her, twisting her around to face in a certain direction. 'Spread your legs for me, dear Jen, as far as they were before.' Jen followed the command, moving her feet steadily across the stone until she felt the iron rings in the floor against them. As her feet stopped, she sensed Mistress crouching, again binding her feet to the rings. She heard movement then, Mistress walking around the room, gathering things, positioning something in front of her, the sound of a rope being threaded through a ceiling ring before her. Mistress walked behind her and spoke.

'Now, my dear, I'm going to hold your shoulders. When I do that, I want you to slowly fall forward, keeping your body straight until it comes to a rest. Do you understand?'

'Yes, Mistress.' She couldn't prevent her voice from wavering a little, unsure of what she was falling into. She felt Mistress' hands on her shoulders, holding them firmly, and Jen began to move herself forward feeling Mistress holding her back as she began feeling gravity pull at her dragging her down. Slowly, she moved forward until she felt something, a soft cushion gradually touching her chest, round and firm against her belly, tapering up to a point between her breasts. As she settled onto it, she felt Mistress hand loosen their grip on her shoulders letting her settle onto it.

'Take a moment to become used to it, then hold out your arms in front of you.' Jen felt the cushion pushing into her, supporting her, getting used to breathing with the pressure on her chest, feeling the strain in her calves and hamstrings as she leant. Slowly she raised her arms from their hanging position next to her until they were straight in front of her, a new strain across her shoulders as they moved.

Mistress' footsteps moved round until she was standing in front of her then Jen felt her grip the gauntlet on her left arm, wrapping a rope around it and through the hoops. The rope was loose as Mistress let go and took her right arm, then taut again as Mistress began tying the same pattern around that arm. She realised that it was a single rope binding both arms, looping through a ring in the ceiling above her. In her mind's eye she saw herself, lying forward, resting on the cushion that was raised from the ground on steel bars like the chair, her arms bound in front of her. She was completely hopeless before Mistress, bound and prone, her sex exposed between her outstretched legs, her small breasts hanging over the cushion. Movement was impossible, even the slight swinging allowed to her arms sending waves of sensation across her muscles.

Her bondage complete, she heard Mistress step away from her, then circle slowly around her, again studying her from all angles. She left her for longer this time, taking her time as she circled Jen again and again, not stepping close to her. Jen could feel the strain in her muscles as they held her there, slight twitches shaking her entire body as she waited for Mistress' touch, wondering where it would fall, how it would feel. What she felt in her muscles was not pain, even though she could sense them straining to hold her. The anticipation of Mistress turned it into something sweeter, her body still filled with the warmth of the pleasure Mistress had given her in the chair.

Mistress' footsteps moved away from her, their echo against the stone floor almost the only sound in the room. Jen calmed herself, breathing slowly as she anticipated Mistress's touch on her return, wondering if it would be the smooth touch of the satin gloves or something new. The footsteps came back, then, when she though Mistress was still standing away from her, she felt it, cold and hard on her back, just below her collar. Jen concentrated her attention on it, four points of rounded metal in a close line at the top of her spine, moving slowly up and down. They felt like the tines of a long fork or a back scratcher, moving just enough for Jen to notice them, slowly warming as they drew heat from her skin, then moving down the length of her spine, an oscillating movement up and down the vertebrae as they travelled. Reaching the bottom of her spine, they moved back up, Mistress pulling them across the expanse of Jen's back, Jen feeling her muscles contract and release as they moved over her.

Then, she felt them lift away, a brief pause and then a thin cold metal bar was laid along her spine, the device turned upside down so the full length of it now touched her, Jen's back recoiling from the cold, but the cushion restricting her movement, Mistress rolling the bar against her, moving it up and down along the curve of her back, slowly letting it warm from Jen's skin. That too was removed, and the four points returned, Mistress running them over all of Jen's body, up and down her legs, along her shoulders, across the curve of her biceps. The touch was faint, but distinct, each point of contact a separate moment in Jen's mind, desire building within her with each touch.

Soon, it felt like every spot on the back of Jen's body had been touched by one of the points and Mistress took the device away from her, Jen hearing a soft chime echo as it was placed on the floor beside her. The footsteps moved again, Mistress walking around in front of her, Jen feeling her hair brush against Mistress' chest as she stood close and crouched before her. She sucked in breath quickly as she felt Mistress touch her breasts, her fingers warm and slow on the exposed flesh, quickly finding their way to her nipples. Tiny spots of pleasure began there as she began to rub them, Jen feeling herself eagerly swell at Mistress' touch. As they grew, Mistress' touch became more insistent, more urgent, Jen gasping as she felt Mistress so close to her but so out of reach.

The feeling suddenly changed, the warmth of Mistress's fingers quickly replaced by cold metal around the outstretched nubs, tiny clamps fixed tightly onto each nipple in little more than a moment. The cold numbed them for a moment, then slow waves of torment began emanating from them, each pulse of blood through the nipples echoing the tight grip of the clamp through her body. Jen's head drooped, her eyes watering behind the blindfold as she adjusted to the new feeling, breathing through it, feeling the ache in her mind, letting it mix with the feeling of the rest of her body, transmuting pain into sensation, sensation into pleasure.

Mistress had moved again after the clamping, and Jen could feel her standing between her leg, the faint touch of her leather skirt as it brushed against her legs. Then her hands were suddenly on Jen's back, moving up and down, softly stroking and caressing the muscles, the strain melting away beneath her touch, before Mistress lifted her hands up, keeping just the tips of her nails on Jen's back, raking them softly down her back. Jen moaned at the sharp sensation they made, each leaving a line of fire on her back, down her spine, along the side of her torso as Mistress repeated the movement again and again. Then, Mistress' hands were on her rear, alternately massaging and pinching at the soft flesh.

Jen's body felt like nothing it had ever been before. She could dimly sense that parts of her were in what should have been pain, the tightness of her muscles matched by the clamps around her nipples, but that was just an accompaniment to the slow warmth moving through her, like discordant notes merely accentuating the beautiful music she felt within her. Pain and pleasure amplified each other, and she knew each was needed to show the other for what it truly was, two parts of a whole rather than opposites. She was moaning and crying out with every touch now, but still desperately keeping control of herself.

Again, Mistress stepped away from her, but it was no real respite as all the sensations still remained within her, waiting on a high plateau for the next addition to their chorus, Jen uncaring if it was pain or pleasure. Dimly, she was aware of Mistress now standing to her right, then one hand on her back, sweeping down, brushing off the tiny baubles of sweat that had gathered there. Her hand carried on down her back, nails playing briefly with the tight hole of Jen's rear, before continuing to her the swollen lips of her sex, rubbing them gently before pushing two fingers slowly inside Jen. She moaned deeply as Mistress entered her, the memory of her earlier climax shuddering to the fore, demanding to be repeated, but she resisted, even when they began to move inside her.

Then, from her back, sudden intense pain. She recognised it almost immediately, the shocking warmth of candle wax hitting her skin, pushing its warmth into her as it cooled and flowed across her. Throwing her head back, she cried out, the sudden movement making her whole body rock in its bonds, sharp tones of pain moving through her flesh, her body betraying her as it demanded release, hips trying to force themselves own on Mistress' hand, muscles about to spasm, desperate for her to give way. And above all this, her back on fire, tiny stream of wax following the same downward path Mistress' nails had taken earlier, repeating and intensifying their sensation.

It was a desperate battle, but for a moment she thought she had triumphed. She felt Mistress' fingers slip out of her, the sensation in her sex dimming just enough for her to control herself. The sensation from her back lessened as well, Mistress ceasing the flow of wax onto it. It seemed like ti was over, but then she felt Mistress' fingers back on her, but this time rubbing between her rear cheeks, carefully spreading Jen's juices there, beginning to push at the tight pucker of her hole. Jen could feel the pressure against it, then it suddenly ceased, replaced by an entirely new sensation as Mistress' finger plunged into her, its passage lubricated by Jen's own fluids. Pain mixed with pleasure as the tight muscles moved around Mistress' finger, letting it move deep into her, moving and twisting within.

Finally, it was too much for Jen to resist. She cried out, a scream of delight and agony combined, tinged with her despair at failing Mistress and giving in to her release. It was like a white light in her mind, shining brightly blocking out everything else there. She was feral, primal, her body thrashing in her bonds, each movement causing more sensation to be added into the mix, pushing her to a level beyond consciousness, beyond anything she had even imagined existed. It was pure ecstasy, nirvana for her flesh, but even as she lost herself in it, unable to resist it once it began, it was tinged with the dark light of shame. Unable to control her traitorous body, she had failed Mistress, and now she would face punishment.