 The women got dressed and headed down to the restaurant and had a late brunch. With nearly two hours left before he meetings started the women decided to do some shopping. They shopped and then returned for the meeting. In all that time neither one spoke of dreams or fantasies. 

As the meeting went on the women took plenty of notes and would occasionally whisper to each other when a good idea hit them or when they thought something would work well at the church. One speaker after another gave them great ideas on developing community and support groups within the congregation. They both agreed that was so needed. Finally, the meetings were over for the day. The women stopped for a glass of wine in the lounge and talked about the day's events, once again avoiding any mention of their earlier discussion. Yet in the back of their minds the germ of an idea had been born. What if it happened? Would it be a betrayal in the strictest sense of the word? Would it be some great sin? After all the good book talked about loving each other in all aspects. Would they? Could they? 

The two women decided that they would head back to the room, take baths, relax and order something from room service later. Lisa opened the door of the room and Debbie followed her in. They both kicked off their shoes and sat down on the couch in their room. They just relaxed for a while when Debbie rose, took off her jacket, and announced she was getting in the tub. Lisa was about ready to say something when she stopped herself. Offering to wash Debbie's back would not be a good idea in light of what had happened earlier.

After half an hour Debbie came out dressed in a robe and plopped down on the bed. Lisa went in and took her bath and came out about half an hour later. As Lisa looked at Debbie on the bed she noticed that the robe had fallen open around her legs almost all the way up to her upper thighs. This time without thinking Lisa said, "Are you trying to seduce me?" No sooner has she spoken the words then she realized she shouldn't have said that.

Debbie looked at her and smiled. "OK! I'm going to be totally honest with you. I have thought a lot about what we talked about."

Lisa sat down on the edge of the bed waiting for the worst. She looked at her friend as Debbie spoke. "I know this is wrong, but for the life of me I can't figure out what would be so wrong if two women, like us wanted to make love to each other." 

Lisa was stunned and then with a blush on her face replied, "I have been thinking the same thing." After a long pause Lisa said, "Well, should we do something about it?"

Debbie didn't say a word but sat up and looked at her friend and finally said, "I would like to kiss you. Not the kiss that two church sisters share, but the kind of kiss that two lovers share." With a moments thought the two women tipped their heads, leaned into each other, and kissed. It was a soft, sweet kiss, with just the hint of moistness. They held the kiss, each one savoring it until their lips parted. 

Nothing was said as the two women looked at each other. They leaned in again and kissed once more. This time the kiss was more passionate. Their arms went around each other and as they kissed their hands roamed up and down each other's backs from hips to neck. This time lips parted and tongues tentatively touched. Their breathing became harder, the caresses more passionate, and their tongues more animated. 

The slipper appendages danced in and out of each other's mouths. Lisa brought one hand around and untie the tie on Debbie's robe. As she did that Debbie reached up and pulled the towel away from Lisa's body. The more they kissed the frenzied they became pushing the towel out of the way and the robe off Debbie's shoulders. The two women had never felt such passion and it was like they were on a race they had to complete. 

The two women parted and stood to get in bed. They looked at each other and each was aroused at what they saw. Debbie was several inches taller with large breasts that must have been 38 d's. She had nice tummy that flowed into thin hips. Her secret treasure was surrounded with brown locks, neatly trimmed.

Lisa, was a bit shorter with smaller breasts, 34 b's and a soft slightly rounded tummy which gave way to wider hips and a blonde pussy that was sparse enough not to need any trimming. Both women smiled at what they saw as the climbed into bed, lay side by side, and enfolded each other in their arms. 

The smiled, a sweet accepting kind of smile and then kissed. It was a kiss in which they seemed to transfer their love and their souls through the kiss. They almost melted into each other and it was like they could not tell where one began and the other ended. 

Both women were struck with the passion and the tenderness of the moment. Both could feel the heat rising within their bodies. There hands roamed over naked bodies, for the first time in their lives each woman intimately feeling the body of another female. Both were struck with how similar, yet different. 

Debbie's breasts, voluptuous with large nipples, while Lisa's breasts were smaller and firmer with small nipples. Debbie's tummy had a slight swell to it from carrying children while Lisa's was taut and firmer. Debbie's hips narrow while Lisa's flared. Debbie's with a thicker dark bush while Lisa's was lighter both in color and volume. 

They took turns kissing and licking on each other's necks, ears, and throats. Their bodies tingle as they fell into a pleasurable rhythm alternating up and back with each other. Lisa first bring pleasure to Debbie and then Lisa becoming more passive while Debbie became more aggressive. 

This ebb and flow went up and back as they caressed, pinched, and fondled each other. Lisa raised the stakes first as she began to kiss and suck on Debbie's meatier nipples. Lisa settled down nursing on each nipple as a baby might nurse on her mother as Debbie stroked Lisa's hair while murmuring words of encouragement. 

The words of encouragement were interspersed with sighs and moans from Debbie as she became lost in the pleasure of it all. As Lisa nursed her hands caressed and fondled Debbie's lower body. From tummy to inner thighs, from butt to the top of Debbie's hair line. Each time Lisa came close to Debbie's pussy, Debbie moaned and moved her hips encouraging Lisa to touch her there. 

Lisa became emboldened by the response she was illiciting from Debbie and she began to kiss and lick her way down Debbie's ribs. She ran her tongue around Debbie's belly button and then her tongue moved in and out in fucking motion. Debbie moaned even louder and gently pushed on the top of Lisa's head. 

Lisa responded and kissed her way down Debbie's lower belly and then through the tangle of rich brown hair. Lisa could smell Debbie. It was a rich, musky scent, that made the new pastor even more aroused. She kissed her way down and then kissed Debbie's moist inner lips. Now Lisa moaned. She loved Debbie's taste. Musky and slightly salty, Lisa began to lick in earnest.

Lisa lowered her head a licked from Debbie's rosebud all the way up to her clit in an agonizing long slow stroke. Debbie moaned loudly. Lisa repeated the lick once again from anus to clit. Over and over she licked and after about a dozen licks she just flattened her tongue against Debbie's swollen clit. She didn't move her tongue and it took Debbie scant seconds to begin to buck her hips up and down. 

Lisa just held her tongue in place and allowed Debbie to set the pace and fuck pastor's tongue. Lisa reached up and found Debbie's breasts. She pinched and rolled the nipples and Debbie began to moan and move her hips faster.

Lisa did not move her tongue so that her friend could gain the greatest amount of enjoyment. Debbie wanted the feeling to last forever, but at the same time her clit was swollen and puffy and needed relief. Her whole body was alive. She was now breathing hard, covered in a sheen of sweet perspiration. Her pussy dripping, her anus puckering, and her clit throbbing. The agony was excruciating, yet so sweet. 

Finally, Debbie could take it no longer. She needed release. She needed orgasm. She needed to cum now and cum she did. She lifted her hips off the bed and held them there as the orgasm began. In that second she saw a million stars and then her slips banged down on the bed, only to rise and bang down again. She repeated this process over and over as she cried out, "O God Lisa. O God." 

She pumped her hips hard her anus contracting and opening. It was the most blissful feeling she had ever experienced. Her husband, Butch, had made her feel wonderful, but nothing ever like this. She felt that her prayers for bliss had been answered in the person of the new pastor, her new friend, her new lover, Lisa. 

Slowly she came back to earth from that seventh heaven that the Bible talks about. She lay their not moving as Lisa placed soft kisses al around her pussy. The last thing she remembered before she fell asleep was Lisa kissing and lightly caressing her. (To be continued.)