 I grew up on a street when I was younger called Wix Rd. I was the youngest person probably on my street. I was always known as the little girl from down the street, even though I wasn't such a little girl anymore. I had just graduated from high school and planned on attending community college. 

I had neighbors to the left of my house but the house to the right stood vacant for as long as I could remember. That is until the new neighbors arrived. 

It was a mother and her teenage daughter that moved in. I was excited to have someone my own age living next to me, seeing as how my neighborhood was nothing but old people. 

When they moved into the house after remodeling it, they came over one mid summer afternoon for a cookout that my parents were throwing to welcome them to the neighborhood. That's when I met Ashley. She had long blonde hair that ran down to her nearly bare shoulders that were only covered by her spaghetti straps. Her breasts were just like mine, perky, not too big but not too small either. She wore a tight mini skirt too that barely did the job. My mind raced as I sat with her on the back deck. I wondered if maybe she was a lesbian too but I didn't want to risk asking her. 

I learned that Ashley had graduated from school and her mother and her moved to my town. Her mom got a new job at a law firm and Ashley decided to go to college here to stay with her mom. 

The cookout was over and Ashley and her mom Erica went home. I went up to my bedroom and got ready to take a shower. I fantasized that Ashley was already in the shower, waiting for me to come in. 

After I got done with the shower I went back into my room and locked the door. I stripped my towel off my body and sat on the edge of my bed naked. I reached under my bed and grabbed my vibrator and began running it between my legs. I ran it around the lips of my pussy, sneaking it in, massaging my clit with my other hand. I leaned my head back and rolled it to the side, my eyes closed. I opened them and stared out the side window of my house that faced Ashley's house. There I saw that her window was open and that someone was inside the bedroom. I dropped what I was doing and knelt by the window. I couldn't make out who was in the bedroom or what they were doing so I ran to my closet and got the pair of binoculars my uncle had given me a long time ago for christmas. 

I knelt by the window again and slowly raised the binoculars to my eyes. I aimed them at the window and focused them. I couldn't believe what I saw. There was Ashley, sitting in front of her vanity wearing only a towel. She was combing her hair, tieing it back. My heart was racing as I spyed on her. It was wrong on so many levels but I didn't care. 

Just then a knock on the door startled me. It was my mom. I quickly threw my binoculars and vibrator underneath the bed and threw on my old white soccer t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants. I unlocked the door and opened it. 

"Hey Ashley, your father and I decided to see that movie. Did you want to come with us?"

"No, that's fine. I'm pretty tired. You two have fun."

"Are you sure?"

"Positive." I said. 

"Okay, we'll be back in a few hours then."

I waited in my room until I heard the front door open and close. I watched out the front window as my parents black SUV drove away. I ran back to the side window, grabbing my binoculars. I raised and focused them and looked into Ashley's window. Nobody was in the room. I sighed and lowered the binoculars. I put them back underneath my bed and shrugged my shoulders. Oh well I thoguht atleast the parents are gone. I stripped my t-shirt and sweatpants off and walked downstairs. I plopped down on the couch and turned on the tv. I couldn't stop thinking about Ashley, the way she combed her hair, fantasizing unwrapping her towel and letting it fall to the floor exposing her soft petite body. 

I was flipping through the channels when suddenly there was a knock on the door. I lept up from the couch and bolted upstairs. I threw on my t-shirt and pants again and walked downstairs. I looked through the peephole and saw Ashley standing there. I opened the door. 

"Hey, what's up." I said. 

"Can I come in?" She asked bluntly. I opened the door wider and she walked in. She had a pink t-shirt and black short shorts on. I looked at her shirt again and realized she didn't have anything on underneath. "I noticed you earlier." She said. 

What was I supposed to say, sorry I'm just the neighborhood voyeur? I looked at her dumbfounded. "Um..." I searched for the words. 

Ashley giggled and leaned in, kissing my directly on the lips. "I knew all along."

"How?"

"When my mom and I first came to look at the house, I was walking around in my room. I looked out my side window and saw you laying on your bed masturbating." Ashley looked around pinching the bottom of her shirt. "I saw that your parents left, why don't you show me the back deck again." She lifted her shirt over her head, her perky young breasts bounced out. I stared, never in my wildest dreams did I think this would be happening. I closed the front door and locked the deadbolt. I turned around and took off my shirt, throwing it on the back of the couch. "It's this way." 

Ashley and I stepped out on the back deck, our young breasts exposed to the setting sun and cool breeze blowing through the air. "This is it." I said. Ashley sat down on one of the aderondack chairs, spreading her legs apart. She motioned for me to come over to her. I knelt in front of the chair, sliding my body between her legs. I ran my tongue from her naval to her breasts. I wrapped my lips around her now erect nipples, sucking and teething them. Ashley let out a moan, running her hands down my back, her fingertips sliding between my skin and the wasteband of my sweatpants. 

I stood up, Ashley still tugging at the wasteband of my pants. I turned around and slowly slid them down my ass. "Oh yeh." Ashley moaned. I threw my pants aside and knelt down in front of the chair tugging down on Ashley's wasteband. Ashley raised her legs above my head as I slid the shorts off of her soft round ass and up her long smooth legs. 

I stared at Ashley as she layed back in the chair, completley naked, on my back deck. I still couldn't believe it but I didn't want to know whether or not it was a dream, I just wanted to taste her sweet kisses and feel her soft breasts against mine. 

I spread Ashley's legs apart exposing her bald wet snatch. I gently ran my tongue along her lips, around her clit and eventually I was kissing and sucking wildly at her snatch. Ashley moaned and howled as I invaded her cunt with two fingers. "Oh yeh, fuck me!" Ashley yelled as she started to cum. I felt her muscles get tighter as she came, I licked wildly at her clit, furiously driving my fingers into her cunt. Her body shook as I caressed her body, running my fingers over her breasts, down her stomach and along her legs. Finally she calmed down, still breathing heavily she uttered "Now it's your turn." Ashley got up from the chair. "Show me your room."

We both ran upstairs completley naked, leaving our pants outside on the back deck, our shirts draped over the back of the couch. We entered my room. Ashley knelt down on the floor and snatched up my vibrator. 

"I got something better." I said taking the vibrator from her hand and throwing it on my bed. I opened up my closet door and took out my black box of toys. I grabbed my six inch long dildo out of the box. Ashley's jaw dropped as she took it into her hands. Her mouth closed a second later and she looked at me deviously. I wondered if I had just made a mistake. Ashley pushed me onto my bed, flopping down I rested on my back. Ashley crawled over me with the dildo in her hand, still with that devious smile. She ran the dildo between my breasts. She leaned down and kissed them, sucking my nipples, rolling her tongue around them. I felt the dildo run down my stomach to my wet awaiting cunt. Ashley knelt on my bed, spreading my legs apart. She placed the dildo between her legs. "You ready for me baby?" Ashley moaned.

"Fuck me." I whimpered awaiting for the penetration. 

Ashley teased me running the dildo around my lips, slightly inserting it but then withdrawing it quickly. I felt the tension building. "I want it so bad." I moaned. 

"Say please." Ashley demanded. 

"Please." I gasped. "Please fuck me Ashley."

Ashley genlty slid the dildo into my pussy. I gasped and jerked as she slid it in faster and faster. "OH YEH!" I screamed as she banged me on my bed. I rubbed my hand between my legs rubbing my clit furiously. 

"You like that?" Ashley rammed harder and harder into my pussy. Ashley started to moan. "Oh yeh baby."

I was gasping and whimpering, feeling myself starting to cum. My body started to tremble as I rubbed my clit harder and faster. Ashley was ravaging my pussy with the dildo when I gasped out. 

I layed my head back as Ashley slowly slid the dildo in and out of my soaking wet cunt. I swallowed and gasped, smiling at Ashley. "Where did you learn to fuck like that?" I asked. 

"I'll tell you later." Ashley grinded her body between my legs and kissed me on the lips. 

We went downstairs to gather up our pants outside on the deck. We through them with our shirts on the couch. I layed down on the couch still naked. Ashley layed down next to me. We layed there for a while making out like we were in middle school again. 

I looked at the clock and realized my parents were due home any minute. We got up from the couch and put our clothes back on. 

"So what are you doing tomorrow?" Ashley asked. 

"I don't know, probably sitting around." I said. 

Ashley opened up the front door. "Make sure you look out your window sometime tomorrow." Ashley winked and walked out the front door.