 It was Jane. It was about a week later, and this time, it was Bill that was out of town, as were Lisa and Norma. The family had planned a weekend outing at the beach, and at the last minute, Jane had been forced by her work to stay home. It was early afternoon on Saturday, and Jane had just finished the work that had spoiled her weekend and was pulling into her driveway. 

Carly, who was in her front yard wearing her bikini and watering her flower beds, waved and walked up to Jane's car after turning off the water. "Hi there, neighbor! I saw the rest of your family leave this morning. Did you get stranded?"

Jane smiled at the sexy redhead as she got out of the car, "Pretty much. Actually, I haven't decided whether I want to spend the rest of the afternoon driving to the beach, or maybe just stay home and enjoy the peace and quiet for the rest of the weekend."

"Well," said Carly, casually glimpsing at Jane's white blouse, loose gray, knee-length skirt and shapely calves, "I was just getting ready to make some coffee. Why don't you join me, and we'll make it Irish coffee."

Jane was opening her mouth for a polite refusal when she flashed on the last time she'd had Irish coffee at the hands of Cindy the secretary. "Okay, yeah, sure!" Jane was surprised to hear herself say. "By the way, that's a very stunning gardening outfit you have on."

Carly laughed as she led the way inside, "Sorry! I don't mean to be such an exhibitionist, but it's so much cooler than overalls!" As Jane sat down on the couch, Carly felt the woman's dark eyes roaming over her body. She hurried away to fetch the drinks. When she returned with the two steaming mugs, she was pleased to see that Jane had slipped off her heels and was leaning back relaxing.

"I believe that Lisa is right," said Jane accepting the coffee and the accompanying view of Carly's freckled cleavage, "You may very well be the most beautiful woman in the world! If I had a body like that, I might not even wear the bikini!" She sipped the strong, whiskey-spiked drink.

Carly smiled and sat down close to Jane, giving the brunette a steady deep blue gaze as she sipped her own coffee, "I think dark-eyed brunettes are the sexiest women in the world, Jane, and I'll let you take off my bathing suit, if you let me take off your dress."

Jane laughed, "If I thought you were serious, I might consider it. I got married so young, I missed out on all sense of variety in my sex life." She tried to say this with bitterness, but it came out lightly; it just wasn't true anymore, especially after the incident with Cindy the secretary. She thought of all the cab drivers she'd gone down on, every race and shape, all those penises. 

For the first time since she'd started blaming her husband for the way her life had gone, she began to feel intensely guilty. It wasn't Bill's fault; she saw that now and couldn't hide from the facts, and she had been very wrong to punish him. He was a good man as men go, and she had a lot of making up to do. Was being around Carly causing this strange change of heart? She certainly felt a little peculiar, but in a pleasant way – relaxed and well, sensual.

As if reading her mind, Carly sipped her coffee and said, "You're not too old to experience, Jane; it's really up to you. And, I've seen your husband around; you could have done much worse." Carly set her mug on the coffee table and put her arm around Jane, who also set down her mug. "You're still young, beautiful and very, very desirable."

Jane was having trouble breathing. Was this gorgeous younger woman really making a pass at her after all? Surely not! Then Carly removed Jane's doubts by kissing her neck and whispering in her ear, "I desire you, Jane."

Jane turned her face toward Carly to protest, "I'm really very sorry, but no. I'm a married wo..." Carly's lips formed over hers, and the redhead's lips were so soft, so sweet... Jane parted her lips to admit Carly's tongue, a quick, sharp fiery tongue exploring her mouth, a surprisingly pointed, long tongue at that. She felt Carly's hand moving over her breasts, squeezing each one gently, and she could feel her nipples swelling, pushing against her bra. 

When she felt Carly's hand on her thigh, her face blushed, but her thighs refused to slam shut on the questing hand. She whimpered when the same hand slid inside her pantyhose and moaned when the hand stroked the outside of her panties, and she wrapped her arms around another woman, clutching her, spreading her legs even further, opening herself to Carly in complete surrender.

"Your panties are damp, Jane," whispered Carly between kisses, "Tell me your fantasy, and I'll make it come true!"

Her heart pounding against her ribs, Jane thought about it. She thought of how she was always passive with her husband and how good it had felt when she'd commanded Cindy, how it had aroused her to want more. She saw a pair of scissors on the coffee table and knew what she wanted. She looked at Carly, whose blue-eyed gaze was looking into her soul, whose full lips were quirked at the corners in a little smile. She pulled Carly's hand out of her pantyhose and said, "I'd like to be in charge, totally, I mean. Please?"

Dimples appeared as Carly's smile widened, "You mean you want to dominate me?" Carly breathed, rubbing her own breasts with one hand and massaging the crotch of her bathing suit with the other, "Use me like I'm a cheap whore? Make me feel dirty?"

God! Jane thought, the woman is so glamorous; her body is so perfect! Anyone would want her! "Yes," whispered Jane, feeling weakness in her knees.

"How may I serve you, Jane?" moaned Carly, her eyes glazed with sizzling desire.

"Take off my blouse, my bra and my skirt," commanded Jane laughingly, getting into the spirit of it. Carly obediently unbuttoned Jane's blouse and slipped it off, and after running hands once over the brunette's brassiere, she circled her arms around Jane to unfasten the bra, bringing her face close to Jane's. 

Jane licked Carly's lips without kissing her as the bra was pulled away and tossed aside. While Carly stripped away Jane's gray skirt, Jane looked down at her breasts, still large and firm after two kids; there was no doubt that Lisa had come by her large breasts honestly! Carly was looking at them, too.

Carly breathed on her nipples and awaited a command. For an answer, Jane curled her hands in Carly's soft red hair and pulled the woman's sensuous lips to delicately mold around her right nipple. Jane sighed as a ripple of pleasure wriggled from her nipple down to tug on the nerves in her clit. She moved Carly's head across her chest, trailing kisses and licks over to her left nipple.

Jane enjoyed having her tits sucked for a few more minutes then sighed, "I want you to take those scissors over there and cut the crotch out of my panties and hose, and I don't think I can wait for it very much longer." Carly giggled delightedly and did as she was told, carefully cutting away all the cloth that covered Jane's dark curly thatch of pubic hair. Jane had to stand and bend over for Carly to finish the job in the back, cutting all the way up to the top of her panties. Carly pulled the mutilated panties out of the cut and dropped them on the floor. Jane straightened and felt behind herself with her hands. Nervously, she said, "Well, I'm certainly exposed back there..."

"Oh yes, Mistress," interrupted Carly cheerfully, "I wanted to be prepared in case you commanded me to lick your bottom!"

Jane blushed, "You would do that? I mean – yes, Carly, lick my ass and see you do a good job, you slut!"

Carly looked Jane over. Jane had a great body: tall, dusky skin, proud breasts, innie naval, shapely legs and that lovely, mysterious black triangle at the base of her hips. Wearing only pantyhose and high heels with the crotch cut out of the hose, the only parts of Jane not in clear view were the parts hidden by the pubic hair. "Yes, Mistress Jane," said Carly, kneeling on the floor in front of Jane, "It would be a great honor to lick your ass and fuck your ass with my tongue!"

"What um," said Jane in a small voice, still blushing furiously, "What would be a good position for that?" She knew she sounded awkward, but really! If a beautiful woman like Carly wanted to tongue her ass, Jane was going to let her and enjoy it! Even Bill had never licked her ass, or maybe she just hadn't let him.

Carly rubbed her bikini covered breasts against Jane's knees and kissed her on one thigh, bringing her face close enough to Jane's pubic hair to smell a light whiff of Jane's arousal. "You could turn around and bend over, mistress, and rest your arms on the back of that chair." 

Jane did as Carly suggested, and then Carly added, "My what a lovely view, only, spread your legs a little wider." And it was a lovely view, thought Carly, running her hands up and down the backs of Jane's smooth, stocking covered legs, looking through Jane's legs to see her breasts hanging down. Jane's slit was clearly visible from this angle, and Carly could see a sheen of moisture on the inner lips. Jane was clearly very excited. 

Carly put her face close to the sex-scented vermillion gash and extended her tongue to lightly touch the hood over Jane's large clit. Jane moaned, and Carly slowly traced upward with her tongue, gliding over the clit and sliding deep between the lips into Jane's slippery vagina, then after coating her tongue liberally with Jane's juices, she raised it up further, using her hands to gently spread the soft round cheeks of Jane's bottom, exposing the neat brown pucker in the center of Jane's ass. 

Jane felt her cheeks spread and the touch of cool air on her asshole, then a feathery kiss. She sighed with pleasure and wondered if she could come this way, because it certainly felt delightful. Always moving slowly, Carly licked circles around the little hole before lightly touching it with the tip of her tongue. 

When she finally began to insert the tip of her tongue inside Jane's bottom, Jane reached behind her with one hand and grabbed Carly by the hair, pulling the redhead's face hard into her bottom. "Deeper!" She grunted, flexing her sphincter to allow Carly deeper penetration, "Stick me deeper!" 

As Carly thrust her tongue repeatedly up Jane's ass, Jane could feel the other woman's fingers probing her vagina and diddling her clit with her other hand. She began to come and didn't try to stop herself from crying out loud, her bottom quivering and shaking from the earthquake in her hips. By the time her clit became oversensitive, Jane felt weak and drained as if her legs were about to collapse. She pulled away from Carly, who was still tenderly kissing the cheeks of her bottom, and sank back on the couch, legs carelessly spread wide.

"Whew!" Sighed Jane contentedly, "I don't know if I ever came that hard before!"

Carly knelt at her feet, kissing her stockinged knees, "What would you have of me next, mistress?"

Jane purred, "Well, first, you can take off the rest of my hose and my shoes. Then, I'm going to let you admire at my cunt. If looking at me makes you horny, you can fuck yourself with my foot. Take off that swimsuit, too, I want to see you naked. If you're especially good, I may even let you kiss my pussy while you're coming!"

Carly quickly stripped Jane naked, very much admiring the view. Then she began stripping herself, but as her top fell away, revealing her lovely pink-nippled breasts, she glanced at Jane who was staring at the redhead's breasts, her lips parted. 

"Hmm," said Carly, hooking her thumbs in her bikini bottom, "I could come easily just staring at your pretty cunt, it's really delicious you know," slowly she peeled the bikini bottom down enough to reveal her red-gold bush, "but are you sure that's really what you want to do?" Sensuously, Carly peeled the bikini bottom down over her shapely calves. She noted that now Jane was staring at the redhead's crotch and licking her lips.

"No," Jane gulped, "suddenly I'm thinking about doing something else." Oh yes, she was thinking how she had come, and come hard, while thinking about going down on Cindy the secretary's red-furred snatch, and how she still regretted letting the girl leave without satisfying that fantasy. Well, not this time!

"Sit here on the couch," Jane commanded, "and spread your legs, my slut!"

Jane knelt on the floor before Carly and began kissing the woman's muscled, freckled calves. She kissed her way up the smooth thighs and took a moment to look at that lovely red-furred bush. She spread it with her fingertips and looked at the pinkness inside, thinking she had never seen any sight so attractive. 

She lowered her face and kissed into the woman's slit, rubbing her face in between the pink petals as if trying to enter her headfirst. Finally she began to lick the redhead's clit while inserting her fingers into Carly's vagina. She knew she would make Carly come soon, and the thought made her feel very happy inside. But there was even more to Jane's joy.

Jane was doing something wild, and she was in control. She watched the shivers of pleasure ripple across Carly's freckled belly as she gently kissed, licked and used her lips to lightly pinch Carly's little hood and the tiny nubbin of a clit that peeked just out of the hood. She could feel the muscles in Carly's soft thighs tensing, and the redhead's pussy was now oozing a small amount of pussy fluid, down over the tiny pink sphincter of her asshole.

She, Jane, had excited this beautiful, perfect woman, and excited her so much that the woman was going to orgasm from the joy Jane was giving her. She even stopped her ministrations of Carly's clit for a moment to use her tongue to rub some of the redhead's lubrication fluids into that tight little bottom. She was giving pleasure, in control and loving it! When Carly actually started to come, Jane came with her, purely from her joy of her intimacy with the wonderful woman.

Two hundred miles away, Bill sat on the sofa in the living room of the beach cabin and tried to read the paper. After a long day of watching nubile, young girls strutting up and down the beach in their bikinis, sunning themselves, rubbing lotion on their tanned bodies... He was horny. 

Now, it was late afternoon, and most of the people had left the beach, and Norma was already gone out on a date and probably wouldn't be back until late. He could hear Lisa coming up the porch steps now. The screen door opened and she came in, still wearing her lime-green bikini with a towel draped around her neck.

"Hi, Dad! I see you're still wearing your suit. Feel like a late swim before the sun goes down?"

He tried not to dwell on Lisa's plush curves and deep cleavage – oh Lord! She was a beautiful girl! If he'd known a girl like her in high school... "Uh, no, thanks. The water's too cold now." He tossed the paper aside. She came and sat on his lap, putting her arms around him and giving him a shy kiss on the lips. "What's that for?" He exclaimed, surprised.

"Partly because I love you and partly because kissing's fun!" She ran her fingers through the hair on his chest, and she could feel a lump swelling against her bottom. "Do you think I'm sexy, Daddy?"

Bill couldn't help glancing down at her cleavage just inches away, "Of course you're sexy, darling, but aren't you a little young to be worrying about that?"

She giggled, "Girls start on the pill at fourteen or fifteen nowadays, Daddy, and I'm eighteen!" Her voice softened sympathetically, "Poor Daddy! So horny, and mother's not around. Can I help, please?" Deftly she slipped off the top of her bikini, her large breasts popping out of their confinement with hardened nipples.

Bill felt his eyes would pop out, "Lisa! What are you doing?"

She wriggled around so that she was straddling his lap, her nipples lightly touching his chest. "I'm seducing you, Daddy. Isn't it obvious?" She ran her hands through his hair and kissed him on the neck, her hips lightly rubbing the crotch of her bikini on his hard-on. "I love you," she breathed in his ear, "And if you'll fuck me just this once, I swear that I'll never tell or make you do it again. Please, please fuck me! I'm so hot for it! I'm so wet inside, Daddy!"

Bill knew that it was wrong, that he'd be in real trouble if anyone ever found out, but Christ! He stared dumbly at his daughter as she raised those lovely breasts to his lips. It was her seducing him, not the other way around, and if that didn't make a difference to other people, it sure made a difference to him! "Do you swear, Lisa? Never to tell anyone? To just forget this happened?" His voice was hoarse with fear and desire.

"I swear, Daddy, I swear!" She moaned, pressing his face into her cleavage.

His muffled voice replied, "Only this once! And call me Bill. When we're done, you go back to calling me daddy."

"Suck my titties, Bill," she said hoarsely, grinding her hips harder against his, "Then take me to bed!" He put his hands on the round cheeks of her bottom and sucked at each nipple for a few moments then picked her up and carried her to his bedroom. He peeled off the flimsy bottom of her bikini, and she pulled off his trunks. She stretched out on her back and spread her legs. He knelt between them and buried his mouth in her thick brown bush.

"That feels really nice," she panted as he sucked and licked in her slit, "But I need a man in me! Now, please!"

Bill was almost reluctant to leave the clean, sweet taste of her swollen pussy, but it wasn't as if she needed to be any wetter! She was so wet that her inner thighs glistened with her moisture. He crawled up her body and tried to enter her, but her cunt was so slippery, so tight! 

Unasked, Lisa raised her knees and reached between his legs and gripped his throbbing shaft and fitted it to the mouth of her vagina, "Oooo, so big and hard!" She cooed as he eased his hips into hers, his shaft sinking into her inner heat until even their pubic hairs were one entangled thicket. 

She wrapped her legs around him, her hips spread wide and her heels thumping on his buttocks as he pounded into her again and again, their hips making a smacking noise as they slapped repeatedly against each other. Lisa moved her hips against his, countering the rhythm of his thrusts with a grinding motion that kept pressure on her clit, pressure that gathered in her loins like the brewing of a storm, filling her from below with liquid joy. 

Yes, it was better with a man, a man who had experience as opposed the boys that she'd had – none of them had lasted long enough to arouse her this much! She had a deep, fulfilling orgasm, and so did he, so that she could even feel the power of his ejaculation splashing deeper inside of her than his penis could reach.

Bill rolled off of her and sighed contentedly, closing his eyes as he lay beside her. Lisa waited until she was sure he had dozed off and slipped quietly off the bed. She took a thorough shower, washing the beach, the sun lotions, and man come off her and out of her. Then she headed to her room to read and wait for her sister to come home.

Bill was fast asleep in his room, and Lisa lay stretched out on the 'girls' double bed, watching her sister undress. Tall, blonde, sexy Norma flashed her bewitching, dimpled smile at her younger sister as she pulled off her pullover blouse. "You've been changing a lot lately, Leese, I'm surprised that you didn't go out tonight, too."

Her naked body hidden by the sheets, Lisa stretched and yawned, "It was a long enough day in the sun. Did you score tonight?" Lisa usually slept nude, whereas her sister always wore a cotton nightgown. But at the beach house, when they shared the same bed, Lisa would wear a gown, too. Tonight, she had other plans. She wanted to see how far she could get with Norma. 

For years she had repressed her own sexuality because of Norma's beauty and grace and sexiness, but no longer! She was free! She'd even fucked their father, and Lisa was sure that was something that even Norma hadn't done. Now that she didn't feel the need to be jealous of her sister, she actually felt drawn to her. Norma turned toward Lisa in surprise as her bra fell away, exposing her lovely white breasts. Lisa tried not to stare at Norma's pink nipples. Maybe it was just the last stage of her new freedom, to sexually 'conquer' her sexy sister.
