 (Author's note: Even as I am writing this story, I still don't have a clue what category it should fit into. Whichever category I choose, several others would be appropriate as well, so forgive me if I don't make the perfect choice.)

Norma was nineteen in her final year of high school when the sex witch came to the neighborhood and moved in next door. Of course, Norma had no idea at the time that Carly Shelaugh was a sex witch. She appeared to be a tall, lushly built redheaded divorcee, and that was all that Carly, the sex witch, had claimed to be. Norma had never met anyone that she wanted to be except herself, but from the moment she met the sex witch, she wanted to be Carly Shelaugh. But then, Carly affected everyone like that.

Norma lived with her parents and her younger sister Lisa who was eighteen and didn't consider herself significantly younger. Her father, Bill, was thirty-eight and worked at a bank. Her mother, Jane, was thirty-four and was self-employed as an accountant.

Carly moved in on a Saturday when everyone was home, or rather the movers moved her things in. All day, men in overalls hurried to and fro carrying boxes and furniture, but the family saw no sign of the occupant, and they were naturally very curious. Finally, the movers left around four, and around five, a sleek red sports car pulled into the drive. Lisa glanced out the living room window and called out to the others, "She's here! It's a woman moving in next door!"

Norma hurried over to the window for a peek. Bill looked up with amusement from the television to regard his daughter's open interest. Norma, he noticed a trifle uneasily, was for all practical purposes a woman, and a damn fine specimen at that! 

Norma stood five nine, fairly tall for a girl; she was a natural blonde, like himself, although his hair had darkened to light brown. Her body was supple and curved, with long, well-muscled legs and medium sized breasts. Her face was angelic and open with bright blue eyes and deep smile-lines and dimples – the smile and dimples inherited from her mother.

Lisa looked as old as her sister, and her body was even riper. She had long brown hair, sparkling blue-green eyes and friendly freckles sprinkled across her nose. Lisa had incredibly cute dimples and classic features. She was as tall as Norma, but there the similarity ended. 

Lisa had large breasts, wide hips, thick calves and thighs, giving her an over all chunky, plump impression what with the way she dressed – boyishly, usually wearing jeans and an overlarge man's shirt. It carefully hid the narrow points of her body; the ankles, knees, and waist. 

Bill sighed to himself; both of his daughters were nubile beauty queens, perfect potentials for disaster. But at least Lisa hid her assets, whereas Norma tended to flaunt them; it's a wonder they weren't both already pregnant! He sighed again, of course, when Lisa wore her bikini at the beach, her disguise didn't hold up so well... 

Hell, it seemed like just yesterday that he was changing their diapers and burping them, and now it was hard to look at them sometimes without feeling a stirring in his groin. He turned away from them and gazed at his wife to shock him from the forbidden line of thought.

Jane was wearing her reading glasses and was bent over some office work spread out on the kitchen table. He was really lucky to have such a beautiful wife. Neither daughter had inherited their mother's dark, nearly black hair or her bottle-green eyes, although Lisa's eyes came close in certain lights. 

But the girls had come by their height honestly, for both of their parents were tall. Jane had dusky skin that tanned easily as did Lisa, whereas Norma had her father's fair skin. He wondered at the way his wife had kept her figure, even after two children, but he suspected that her career had been as much or more responsible than their sex life. 

He was still attracted to her, but over the years, she had become indifferent to sex, or, he thought unhappily, indifferent to him. She always accommodated him with a nearly maddening compliance, but she rarely initiated sex or pressed for more once he'd come.

"Oh look, she saw us and waved," exclaimed Lisa, waving back cheerily, as did Norma.

Jane looked up from her work and frowned over her glasses, "Get away from the window, girls. Do you want the new neighbor to think she's moving next door to window peepers?"

"Oh mom!" said Norma as the girls moved away, "Window peepers are always guys, and they look in windows, not out of them!" Jane ignored the accurate technicalities of her daughter's objections and returned to her work.

Lisa looked thoughtful, "I think that was the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen! Can we go next door to meet her, dad?"

Bill cocked an eyebrow, "Lying child! No one is as beautiful as your mother! But, I guess it's okay with me, just don't get in the lady's hair."

"Is he calling us ticks or lice or what?" asked Norma with mock asperity as the girls headed for the door.

After the door shut behind them, Jane looked up, "That was sweet of you, Bill, to say I'm still beautiful," she permitted herself a small smile, "but maybe I should be jealous if the most beautiful woman in the world has just moved next door!" From her grin, it was obvious where Lisa and Norma got their dimples.

He laughed and crossed the room to rub her shoulders, "All you have to do is keep me happy, and then you won't have to worry. Uhm, as a matter of fact, why don't we go upstairs right now?"

Jane set down her glasses and rubbed her eyes, "Very well, Bill, but the girls may not be gone very long."

When they reached the bedroom, she put her arms around his neck, "How do you want me?" She asked in a friendly but cool manner.

He was irritated, but swallowed it and said, "Why don't you choose this time? Surprise me!"

She gave a little smile and said, "All right." She reached under her dress and pushed down her panties until they dropped loosely around her ankles. Then sat down on the edge of the bed to remove her shoes and slip the panties over her feet. She rose, giving him a sultry, almost insulting look and turned her back on him. She pulled the hem of her dress up to her hips to bare her bottom and leaned over the bed, resting her head on her arms. 

Bill caught his breath at the unusually wanton maneuver and the sight of the long, still shapely legs, the round bare bottom, and the dark, black-furred split-pouch that hung at the juncture of her legs. He dropped his pants without preamble and shuffled forward, his penis already erect and eager. He put his hands on the plump, round cheeks of her ass, spreading them wider than necessary as he nosed his penis into the hot slash of her vagina. 

Panting, he looked down at the brown pucker of her asshole hungrily as he began to thrust his hips. It was the only liberty that she'd never permitted him, which of course, made him want it even more. He'd asked her if he could take her up the rear; he'd asked on several occasions. But she would just primly remind him that some things were sacred. God! He'd love to fuck her ass!

Jane felt his dick drive in to the hilt, slapping the cheeks of her ass with his hips. She was wet inside, so the shaft slid easily in and out. She was wet because she still enjoyed getting it from Bill even though she hated him for doing it. He'd never know, but she secretly despised him for getting her pregnant at sixteen, making her miss out on most of the joys and experiences of youth, well, the variety anyway. And then he'd persuaded her to have another child at just seventeen! 

She loved her daughters, but since she'd turned thirty, she had begun to wish that she'd waited until her mid-twenties for children, at least her earlier twenties, for Christ's sake! So, for the last four years, she had begun blaming Bill for her misspent youth. Somehow, it got worse every time that he fucked her. 

Oh, she would enjoy it, remembering bitterly that she'd always enjoyed it, but she didn't place any blame on herself. He had been older and more sophisticated than her, and she had just done whatever he wanted. He had wanted a child; she had given him one. Then another. But she'd been too young to realize what she was doing, she thought furiously, and it was his fault! He should have been old enough to know better!

Her revenge was subtle, but terrible. She gave him whatever he asked for, but asked for nothing, slowly deteriorating his confidence. He'd just about given up trying to make her come, although she still did, but seldom when he was around, preferring to masturbate herself in private. Sometimes he tried so stubbornly that he succeeded, but if she could control her body, she would hide it from him. 

On those few occasions that he managed to make her come, and she was unable to hide it, she would pretend to fall immediately deeply asleep to at least deny him the afterglow. Later, if he referred to the experience, she would act as if she couldn't quite remember it.

She smiled as she felt him spread her cheeks with his hands between each energetic thrust. She knew what looking at her asshole did to him, in fact, she swore to herself for the thousandth time: someday I'll have an affair, and I'll let my lover fuck me there; I might even like it, but I'll never, never give it to Bill! Look, but don't touch, honey! Ha! 

Actually, it was the reason she had chosen this position. Aside from the mildly sadistic thrill that she got out of his frustration, she knew that the sight of her open ass would make him come faster, and the sooner he came, the sooner she could go back to work.

Next door, at the sex witch's house, Norma and Lisa were helping Carly unpack boxes, since the moving men had already placed all the furniture according to a pre-figured plan. Norma felt, for the first time in her memory, like an awkward, bumbling teenager. Plain-looking, too. Not that she was any of those things, but that was how she felt in this woman's arresting presence. 

Carly had welcomed them graciously right away and invited them in. While she worked, she had explained to the girls that she was well off, recently divorced and planning to write a book about Indian herb lore, which neatly explained the dozens of jars of dried herbs and powders. Lisa had cheerfully volunteered their assistance, and Carly had gratefully accepted, casually asking them questions about themselves.

In the kitchen, watching Carly carefully store the jars and bottles that Lisa and Norma handed her, Norma took the time to leisurely study the new neighbor's remarkable looks. Carly appeared to be about twenty-five years old, and in height she was obviously five-ten or eleven, noticeably taller than anyone in her family except her father. 

The woman was gorgeous, even dressed in a peasant blouse and shorts. Her hair was thick and medium to dark red; her legs were long and muscular with perfect curves, her breasts were large without being too big; her bottom, when she bent over was shaped like an upside down valentine. Her voice was low in timbre, yet clear and hypnotically lovely; her eyes were a deep royal blue that almost seemed violet at times. 

Her skin was smooth and fair, but lightly freckled, and her face was so lovely and her smile so compelling that if she had told Norma that the sky was orange, Norma would have had to believe her. But the strangest thing of all was the woman's sex appeal, or perhaps sense of sexuality would be a better way to put it. When in the woman's presence, Norma felt thrilled and energized despite the fact that her mind persisted in darting off in sexual tangents.

Norma liked sex and certainly wasn't a virgin, but she also didn't usually have any trouble putting aside sexual thoughts, until now. When Carly stretched on tiptoe to reach a top shelf, and Norma noticed the woman's calf muscles shift and slide under the freckled skin, she couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like to stroke that flawless smooth skin, letting her palm travel over the luxurious curves, sliding up... 

And Norma shook her head! What was going on with her today? Yet, moments later when the woman bent over a box of jars, Norma's eyes fell to the crevice of Carly's bosom as if drawn by a force as inevitable as gravity. Nice tits! The generous globes were a pale, golden tan and freckled and about to burst out of the weakening bonds of the peasant blouse. 

Those lovely breasts were so soft and smooth looking, yet jutted out as proudly as if she were wearing a bra, and she obviously wasn't, because Norma could see the woman's large nipples straining at the thin material of the blouse, inviting candy, warm and soft... 

Norma shook her head again! She'd never had such thoughts about a woman before! She tried to ignore the itching need that was burning in her groin, an almost overwhelming desire to touch herself, relieve herself right now... just standing there in the kitchen.

"Are you alright, Norma? You look a little dazed," Carly's mellow voice was edged with concern.

Horrified, Norma realized that her eyes had drifted down the flat plane of the woman's belly, down below the woman's deep raindrop-shaped naval, down to where she'd been caught staring straight at the crotch of the woman's snug terrycloth shorts. Her pussy lips were plainly visible through the thin cloth. Blushing furiously she shook her head, angry with herself, "No, no, I guess my mind was wandering, but I'm back now. Sorry!"

Carly smiled kindly, "You both have been working hard for over an hour. How about we take a break and have something to drink; my agent assured me that the fridge would be fully stocked."

Lisa grinned broadly with a devilish twinkle in her eye, "I'll have a beer if you have any!"

Carly opened the refrigerator and tossed a cold can to Lisa, "Don't tell anyone where you got it; I don't want to be busted for corrupting a minor! Now, Norma what will you have?"

Norma's color was returning to normal, and lying to herself that the woman probably hadn't realized the direction of her earlier stare, she said, "I'll have tea, iced, if you have it; hot if you don't, although water would be fine." She tried not to notice the woman's perfect, liquid grace as she bent and peered into the icebox and brought out a plastic, covered pitcher. She removed the lid, delicately sniffed, smiled broadly and winked at Norma, "Incredible! My agent even made a pitcher of iced tea! I think I'll have some with you!"

Lisa wasn't experiencing any of Norma's psychological traumas. For one thing, Lisa always felt like an awkward teenager and thought that she looked like a cow. Actually, Lisa had a beautiful, voluptuous body that most girls would envy, but having grown up around Norma had always made her feel awkward and overlarge. 

In any case, since inferiority was a normal state of mind for Lisa, she felt as comfortable around the woman as she ever felt around anyone. Besides, Lisa was in love with the woman. She wouldn't have put it in those terms, but she was so fascinated by the woman's beauty, grace and charm that it might as well be called love. Her admiration for Carly knew no bounds and after only an hour in the sex witch's company!

Carly looked in the girl's shining eyes and smiled. This one would be the first, and she pondered Lisa and the complexities of the situation. The Great Cusp in the astrological terminus of the fate forks turned on the family next door; she knew that much and that was why the Great Fellowship was intervening. She knew it was a sex problem, and that is why she had been sent to exercise her particular specialties. 

What she didn't know was which member of the family would in some way alter the future fate of mankind in a permanent manner, and by their sexual attitude, strangely enough. One fork led to the liberation of humankind as a space-faring race, and the other led to the eventual annihilation of all life on the planet – through pollution of all things! 

One male and three females, an odd combination to work with, but fortunately, her specialty was with females, putting the odds in her favor. Perhaps that was another reason that the council had picked her, although she knew that they relied most heavily on astrology. 

While she chatted with the girls, she scanned Lisa with her astral vision and sure enough found a blockage in the base chakra, which of course threw all the other girl's centers off, and this was accompanied by two separate and additional blocks in the sixth and seventh chakras! The girl was clearly a good soul, maybe even a great soul; she was also clearly a basket case waiting to spill out on the ground and scatter into the oblivion of a million negative possibilities. 

Carly could tell that Lisa had probably had no sexual experience of any sort, and judging by the muddy colors staining parts of her aura, she probably didn't even give herself an outlet with self-stimulation. Carly sighed inside. Time to get to work. Then she added an inner smile to her outer one; at least she loved her work!

"So I guess we should be going," Norma was saying, "Dad told us not to be a bother." Lisa also stood, but more reluctantly.

"You're no bother," Carly assured them, walking them to the door, "and thanks for all the help. Come by and see me any time!"

Norma had a pretty active social life, but Lisa came to visit Carly nearly every day. They would talk, and from those talks, Carly learned a great deal about the family, and a great deal more about Lisa and her insecurities. 

Carly had lived there for three weeks when she made her move on Lisa. They were both sitting on Carly's large living room sofa. Lisa was dressed as usual; overlarge man's shirt, blue jeans and sneakers, and she wore her light brown hair in a ponytail. Carly was wearing a bikini, because she'd just finished sunbathing in the back yard by her pool when Lisa had stopped by. They were both sipping beers.

"Is it difficult," said Lisa hesitantly, "being so beautiful? I mean, I guess a lot of men come on to you, huh?"

Carly shrugged lazily, "Not really, but then I don't exactly hang out in singles bars. How about you? Don't you get pestered a lot? I swear you have one of the sexiest bodies that I've ever seen."

Lisa's normal tanned color turned beet red, "Me? I mean, sure, some guys ask me out, but I usually tell them no. I know that they only ask me because they figure I'm easy, being kind of homely and all."

Carly snorted, "Right! Like you're homely! I thought we were close friends, so why talk shit to me? Hell, I'm attracted to you myself! If I thought you were easy, I'd have already got down on my knees and begged you to let me make love to you. The only reason I haven't tried it anyway is that I figure a sexy, sweet young thing like you would turn down an old lady like me."

Lisa's mouth fell open, closed then fell open again. Carly chuckled, "Of course I screw men when I can get a decent one, but I guess I shocked you when I said I liked women, too? Right?"

Lisa nodded numbly, and then choked out, "I can't believe you mean it! Not about the women, I mean, I've heard of that sort of thing, but I can't believe that you're attracted to me!" Lisa suddenly stopped and a crafty look came over her face, "I know! You're just trying to build up my confidence. I guess that's pretty sweet of you."

"Oh yeah?" Said Carly with a smile and a cocked eyebrow as she set her beer on the coffee table. She moved down the couch until she sat right next to Lisa and touched the girl on the cheek. "If I'm lying about being attracted to you, would I do this?" She pulled Lisa's face to hers and slowly and softly kissed Lisa on the lips. 

Lisa seemed in shock and offered no resistance when Carly slipped her tongue inside Lisa's mouth. Almost mechanically, as if she didn't know what else to do, Lisa kissed back. Although the girl was an inexperienced kisser, her lips warmed quickly to the task, and when Carly pulled back to regard her with amused interest, Lisa was breathing heavily.
