 Back at Laura's House 

Marcie and Jane waited in the drive while Laura parked the car in her garage. The garage was just too narrow for anyone but the driver to get out of once inside. 

Jane was visibly nervous as they waited for Laura to let them into the house, leaning against the brick wall and adopting a phony pose while trying to look casual. She had one foot back on the wall, knee bent; leaning on one shoulder, a hand in her pocket while crouching down with her back resting against the wall—none of it looked right to Marcie

Then again, Marcie was obviously nervous as well. She was fiddling with a cigarette that was already broken in half, hanging together by the narrowest strip of paper. She wasn't about to light it. She wouldn't have dared. Laura had strict rules about smoking. Had she lit up and taken just one drag, there would be no kisses for Marcie. None at all, and Jane would probably follow suit.

Marcie's eyes widened when the garage door closed and Laura didn't open the front door. "Is she leaving us out her in our bikinis?" she said to Jane, who was taking matters more calmly than Marcie.

"Take it easy, she's setting the stage for us," Jane said.

"The stage; what's that mean?" Marcie remembered all too well Gavin's leaving her naked outside his place and how embarrassing that had been.

"She's probably putting her toys out, you know, the ones she'll want us to use for fun and games."

That seemed to appease Marcie, and then the front door opened and Laura emerged wearing a devastating black 'fuck me' dress and giggling crazily as she beckoned both girls inside.

"What the fuck ..." Marcie started to say only to be curtly cut off by her roomie.

"Zip it, Marcie. Fun and games is about to commence. Get your skinny asses inside before you attract the flies."

This was a different Laura than the one Marcie had known back on the Florida Atlantic campus. 

Laura saw that puzzled expression and clarified things to some extent. "I meant that with you two standing out front in those skimpy bikinis some guys would spot you and wham, their fly's would burst with sudden affection for you--am I right, Jane?"

"You're seldom wrong, Laura," Jane answered then added, "So what do you have planned?"

"Step the fuck inside, will you?" she replied sounding irritated and both girls quickly ran into the living room and on turning to face Laura discovered her hiking up her tight 'fuck me' dress to reveal a strap-on cock fixed to a garter belt.

"Wow!" Marcie gasped in shocked surprise.

"Ohhh," Jane said, not nearly as surprised as Marcie. This was proven by the manner in which she began licking her lips. She lunged at Laura's faux-cock before Marcie realized it wasn't a gag being played on them by her roomie.

Jane was on her knees sucking the cock lustily, her hair had spilled down over the front of her face and she ignored it grabbing Laura's ass and pulling her even tighter against her face.

"She's a natural cocksucker, isn't she" Laura giggled, looking directly at Marcie. "She didn't look this good back at the beach though, did she?"

Marcie had regained control at this point and calmly replied, "Well, I don't think she had all that much to work with, now did she?"

Laura cracked up, "That's why I love you, Marcie! You have as warped a sense of humor as I do!" Then to Jane, "Suck it bitch!" While running a hand along Jane's back, ribs and over her hips then pushing her hand between the girls legs to reach her vagina. 

Turning toward Marcie, Laura laughed and said, "This is what she loves--I swear it. She really loves being treated like this. Tell her you love it, Janie--go on, tell her!"

Still sucking voraciously on the strap-on cock, Jane rolled her eyes toward Marcie and made a sound like, "Mmffph!" while Laura added another finger to her masturbatory attack.

Marcie felt herself getting hot just watching the two women going at it. And when Jane began humping Laura's hand she couldn't help but touch herself, causing Laura to howl with a wanton cackle.

"Think that's hot, do you, Marcie? Then watch this!"

Marcie gasped as Laura pulled her fingers from Jane's cunt and coated her hand with what might have been Vaseline, or a similar substance, and sent it entirely into Jane's gaping cunt.

"Ever seen someone get fisted before?" She crowed, almost taunting her friend and roomie.

"No ..." Marcie replied, rooted to the spot. She felt numb, and her thighs were squeezing together as her right hand wedged its way into her bikini bottoms and suddenly there were two fingers digging into her own swampy hole. She was confused, highly aroused and looked as if she were about to cry, but felt as if she had to pee and cum at the same time.

Incredibly, Jane was still sucking on the make-shift cock in her mouth. Laura's hand had wormed its way almost wrist deep inside Jane's cunt. Jane started to cum, and kept cumming until Laura tired and withdrew her hand with a resounding 'POP'. Even then her climax continued.

Marcie wriggled her bikini bottoms down around her knees. Just the feeling of the cool air-conditioning on her wet pussy drove her deliciously crazy. The very idea of illicitly masturbating next to the two women added to the sexiness of it all. Marcie ran her fingers up and down her slit, which was absolutely drooling, while stroking her clit. Sure enough, she started cumming within seconds. She tried not to make any noise and bit down on her lip to stifle her whimpering. 

But one wasn't going to be enough. Her body wasn't about to allow that. Even as the last spasms from the first orgasm passed, her fingers were busy again. She used her fingers to spread her juices up down and all around. She was both exhausted and terrifically turned on; drifting in between dreaming and consciousness as she watched Jane and Laura do their thing. 

Laura pulled Jane on top of her, kissing her neck and face until she was breathless. Only then did she pause then she met Marcie's eyes and smiled. Marcie moaned as a line of drool dribbled from Laura's mouth. Jane lay almost motionless, except for her heaving chest. Laura laughed wantonly and fed two fingers that had just left Jane's cunt into her mouth. Jane closed her eyes, sucked and then moaned. "Hmm, you like that, Janey baby?" 

Jane moaned a little. It wasn't really a question anyone expected an answer to.

Grabbing Jane's hair, Laura said menacingly, "I want your lipstick smeared all over my cock, Jane. Understand? Ohhhh, yeah; I want you to make us both enjoy this you slutty cocksucker!" 

 Jane positioned her mouth over the strap-on cock and slowly brought her fingers around the shaft. Marcie watched, amazed as the other woman's mouth actually watered with desire for the instrument hovering mere inches from her lips. 

Laura laughed again as Jane opened her mouth, her eyes riveted to the approaching shaft in her hand as if it was swelling in size before her eyes.Marcie felt as if Laura's cock were touching her own mouth and her clit swelled as she strained to take it into her own mouth, begrudging Jane her pleasure while seeking to add to her own.

But it was Jane's mouth the cock entered. Jane slurped excitedly. Laura moaned, and Marcie sighed as Jane gulped down thick breaths of air after pulling her mouth up and off, and then holding the cock her in her hand and licking the very eye hole softly with the tip of her tongue.

"Marcie!" Laura croaked, "I want you to reach into her cunt and see how far you can go."

"Ohhh, Laura, I can't ... she doesn't ..."

"She does! Now do it, you'll see that she loves it!"

Marcie quickly found the lubricant Laura had used and smeared it over the fingers of her right hand then pried Jane's thighs apart and found her vagina gaping wantonly at her.

Jesus, I can do this if she's that wide open, Marcie thought as she brought the fingers of her right hand to the other woman's gooey opening, made a fist, and slowly worked it inside Jane, twisting her hand back and forth to gain further access.

Jane's back arched at the stretching, but only made a low gagging sound as Laura forced the strap-on cock deeper down her throat.

Marcie was incredulous as she saw her hand all but disappear into the sexual vortex that she had created within the other girl's body.

To everyone's surprise, it was Marcie who raggedly gasped, ""Ohgawwddd ..." as she worked her fist back a little then deeper, sinking it in to the middle of her forearm. Then Jane squealed loudly as Laura gripped her breast and squeezed hard, her eyes were fixed on Marcie's hand fucking Jane's frothy coated cunt.

Suddenly, Jane spat the shaft from her mouth and began screaming, "Fuck--Fuckkk—Fuckkk, I'm cumming--I'm cumming--c—c-cumming!"

She rolled off Laura and fell to the floor with Marcie's fist still lodged in her twat.

Marcie was panic stricken. Did she want my hand out? And thinking that was the case, she attempted to unplug her fist still reamed inside Jane.

"Hold still for me, I'll take it out!" Marcie all but screamed in the other girl's ear. Jane realized Marcie was trying to disengage from her and lay still until Marcie wriggled her hand free with a soft popping sound not unlike that of a fart.

"Holy shit!" Laura exclaimed. "That was fucking fantastic!"

Jane collapsed backward, landing on her ass still immersed in the ecstatic ecstasy of the momentous orgasms she was undergoing.

Marcie could only squat and stare at her right hand, coated with Jane's foamy nectar, trying to fathom where it had just been. Then Jane embraced her, covering her face with wet, sloppy kisses and thanking her for "the most wonderful orgasm ever!"

"I thought I'd hurt you!" Marcie said quietly. "I really thought I'd damaged you."

"Oh no, Marcie ... that was fan-fuckin-tastic!" 

Maybe a minute went by; Laura was still adjusting the strap-ons harness. "Marcie?" Laura cooed softly.

"Mmmm?" Marcie answered dreamily, but breathing heavily as she felt Laura snuggling up against her. Felt her heavy breasts pressing warmly against her back.

"I want to fuck you. You okay with it?"

She wants to fuck me with that thing, Marcie thought hazily, well, I don't care ... after all, what are friends for?

"Mmmm sure, Laura, why the fuck not?" 

Marcie remained almost totally impassive when Laura kissed her neck and stroked her hair; she tensed slightly when her fingers found their way down to that sticky, slippery place of pleasure between her legs; and then they were all over her ass, exploring that secret place between her cheeks where she so longed to be touched ever since that night with Gavin, and then Laura's fingertip was working its way up into her asshole and Marcie grew so excited she burst into tears as Laura penetrated her. 

"Can I ...?" She sobbed.

"What, oh, you want to touch yourself a little?"

"Mmmmm."

"Sure," Laura said, and then withdrew her finger from the other girl's anus to watch her rub her clit while she finished some last minute adjustments to the harness she now wore.

Marcie's breathing rate rose as she continued rubbing her little nubbin while watching Laura readying her strap-on.

"Mmmm, Laura ... which hole are you going for?"

"It's your Irish ass that I'm thinkin' about, Marcie darling. Any objections?"

"Noooo, none at all!"

Laura casually finished her adjustments, added additional lubricant and positioned Marcie on her hands and knees on the bed, facing the headboard.

Off to the side, Jane sat in an armchair watching raptly, ever the voyouer, she began to masturbate the moment Laura set up behind Marcie.

Laura entered her very slowly; Marcie tensed up and her breathing accelerated at the first sign of pressure to her anus.

"Whoa, easy girl," Laura cooed, holding on to Marcie's hips with both hands. "Try to relax those muscles, sweetness."

Laura took a moment to apply more lube and began anew, this time with Marcie on her stomach, her legs squeezed together. Laura's thighs were now on the outside, thrusting in very slowly, and actual movement almost imperceptible.

Marcie, hands clenched, began moaning into the sheets; her hair strewn across her face. She tried to draw Laura deeper by moving her hips. Laura responded slowly and they gradually found a rhythm and as Marcie relaxed her anal muscles, Laura edged in further and further.

"Please fuck me, Laura ... please, do it harder, please baby, please," Marcie moaned into the pillow she held against her face.

Jane edged closer, wanting to see the strap-on as it surged into the tight channel of Marcie's ass. "Think you'll get it all the way in?" She inquired of Laura.

Maybe," Laura replied. "Why don't you try squatting on the bedpost? I'm sure it will come out your throat if you do it right."

"You're kidding, right?" Jane said as she stared hungrily at the bedpost in question.

Marcie grunted as the strap-on cock made a slight gain and then another somewhat larger advancement as Laura stabbed the dildo in a little harder while building her own pleasure. 

Laura loved using the strap-on. It gave her what she termed, micro-orgasms, which were actually a series of spasms that clenched and released portions of her own vagina every couple of thrusts. But in her mind's eye she envisioned herself empting the dildo/cock into Marcie's beautiful cunt.

.

Coming back to reality, Laura said, "Ugh ... no, Jane, I'm serious. I've done it a few times. Go slow and don't ... for the love of God, don't slip. Then impale yourself on it and have another huge climax while you watch me fuck Marcie to hers."

Marcie began drooling on her pillow. She finally relaxed and actually began to enjoy her ass-fucking. "You know, it's not as bad ... "

Laura went from slow to giddy-yap or full throttle, and Marcie swallowed the remainder of her sentence and grabbed the headboard for support.

Jane considered Laura's suggestion as she studied the bedpost. It wasn't all that high, nor was it overly thick, at least not more so than Laura's fist and God knows she'd had that up her twat enough times in the past.

She climbed onto the bed with the others and wobbling a little, stood up as she took hold of the bedpost and then leaned close and rubbed her face against the smooth walnut wood.

Hmmm, well, let's see if I can fit the damn thing in me, she told herself. Then, with careful, measured movements, she stepped over the post with her right leg and slowly sank down.

"Marcie—Marcie, look at Jane!"

Marcie grunted with the effort, wondering why Laura had all but stopped fucking her, turned and gawked. What the fuck was she doing?

"I—I didn't think she'd do it ... but ..." Laura couldn't find the words to continue.

"UGH—UGH," Jane grunted, as she allowed the head of the bedpost to invade her cunt, stretching it almost wide enough to pass a birthing child through.

"WHOA ... UGH—FUCK!"

"Jane, are you all right?" Laura cried out with an overly emotional concern.

With her forehead covered with sweat from her efforts, Jane answered, "Fuck yeah ... I'm so ugh—ugh fuckin' filled up now ... ohhhh—ohhhhhhh, cumming like you wouldn't believe!"

Marcie said, "We'd better help her off that thing before she really hurts herself."

And after Laura pulled the strap-on from Marcie's anus, they teamed up and slowly came to Jane's assistance, although she hadn't thought she required any.

All three girls never forgot the sound—a loud sucking pop-- when Jane's vagina parted ways with the bedpost. And while she would never admit it to a soul, Laura used the bedpost on several occasions afterward, but resolutely refused to let Jane attempt it again despite repeated requests.

Jane thoroughly exhausted from the fusillade of fucking the bedpost, collapsed upon the bed and eventually dozed off.

Marcie glanced at the strap-on Laura had on and said, "I think we've gone far enough with that. Why don't you just eat me?"

"Oh you're such a spoil sport, Marcie!" Laura groused, but she did unhook the strap-on and tossed it to a corner of the room. Only to surprise Marcie by sending two deft fingers into her snatch that had the other girl gasping within seconds.

Ugh ... that's not ..."

"The fuck you say," Laura snarled and added another finger, found the elusive g-spot and had Marcie humping back at her while her hips trembled with an oncoming orgasm.

"Fuck, Laura—fuck!" Marcie grunted as she came, shaking and pressing harder against the tantalizing fingers still deep within her cunt. 

"Baby, baby," Laura murmured into Marcie's hair as she slowed her fingers.

"Don't stop, please don't stop. I need more, Laura ... just a little more—" Marcie rasped as her own fingers sought out her clit and began rubbing furiously.

Laura increased the tempo of her thrusts found places Marcie craved even more, for she moaned happily as Laura's fingers sloshed and squished through all the sexual fluid generated.

"A little bit higher ...yes, there—there ..." 

Several more thrusts into her soggy cunt and poor Marcie was cumming and screaming into the pillow, her own hand furiously touching her clit.

Then, her body still jerking from the aftershocks of her orgasm, Marcie breathed out with a huge sigh, and inhaled sweet new air into her lungs. Laura's fingers were still twitching inside her and with a sated giggle Marcie shifted her hips as a signal for Laura to take them out.

"Was that more like it?" Laura purred as she smoothed Marcie's hair back from her face.

"Yes, oh God, yes," Marcie said, and then kissed Laura with fervor.

"Mmm, I'm glad."

Marcie pointed at Jane. "She's sleeping already."

"After having that thing in her I'm not surprised."

"They both laughed and Marcie gently caressed Jane's inner thigh.

"We could ... you know ..."

"No Marcie, let her sleep."

"Okay," she replied but something in her tone told Laura she wanted to lay some more.

"Marcie, how 'bout I clean this dildo off real good and then you fuck me wearing the strap on?"

"Me?"

"Yeah, you be the guy. You'll love the way it feels when you really start fucking. There's a thingy there that rubs against your clit."

"No way!"

"Oh, yeah, big way, girl. Big way!" 

"Okay then ... let's do it!" Marcie chirped happily.

Laura took the dildo into the bathroom and cleaned it off thoroughly while Marcie strapped the apparatus around her waist. Laura returned and fitted the dildo into place, tested it and satisfied that it was secure, slathered a glob of KY jelly on her rectum and said, "Try my ass on for size, darling."

Marcie, unfamiliar with having a cock, brought it to bear on Laura's anus and pushed.

"OHHH--FUCKKK!"

"What—What?" Marcie cried out fearful of having hurt her lover.

"I'm okay--I'm okay. Just--just go slow. Ease it in. I've had cocks in there before so I'm not a newbie, but you've got to open the passage and that takes time, okay?"

"Yeah ... slow it is."

Marcie was bringing the dildo back into position when she heard Jane saying: "It can be as good as the real thing—Laura does it sooo fuckin' well."

Neither girl responded to her. Marcie edged the tip of the cock into Laura's ass and stopped.

"That's it--just wait a couple seconds for my ass to adjust, then push forward some more."

Marcie leaned forward and placed a kiss on Laura's neck.

"Mmmmm, that's nice, Laura cooed. 

Marcie felt her anus relax and nudged another half inch in.

"OHHH, you are a sneaky bitch ... but that didn't hurt any. Got any other surprises?"

Marcie did; reaching under Laura she took hold of a nipple and tweaked it.

"Ahhh," Laura sighed.

She plucked at it. Laura groaned with satisfaction.

And then she pinched the nipple causing Laura to cry out and as she did, Marcie drove the cock well into her ass and held it there.

"Oh Fuckkk!" Laura huffed. "That was ... that was dirty."
