 I furiously roll my head away from the light seeping in through the glass doors that leads out to a small terrace. As my head dives under another pillow I realize I am not only naked but sprawled across my king sized bed. I peek my head out from under the pillow, looking around the room to confirm what had happened the night before. I see the blankets on the floor next to the bed and notice that my bra and underwear are a few feet away. I almost gasp and sigh simultaneously as I notice another bra next to mine. My head shoots up and I prop myself on my elbows looking around the room taking a second before crossing my legs over the side of the bed, pushing my feet to the ground. 

I glance around the room again making sure that the evidence is there, maybe the woman I met the night before is possibly lingering. I walk over to the bathroom, but no sign of her. As I move towards the bedroom door I take a second to think over what happened last night. Is it possible she just left and forgot her bra? I bend down, scooping up my t-shirt and struggling to get it over my head. The second I open the door I am hit with the smell of coffee. I instantly feel giddy and mentally thank myself for leaving that coffee maker on the counter even though I never use it. I take a deep breath and make my way down the stairs. Just as I cross the foyer floor towards the kitchen I am caught off guard by a, "Hi there" emanating its way from the kitchen. I pause a second and turn into the kitchen doorway and smile, "Hello."

Christina is sitting at the kitchen island with a cup of coffee. She's wearing her shirt from last night. 

"I wasn't sure if you wanted any coffee considering the dust covering the top of the pot." She chuckles a little before bringing the cup up for a drink. 

I nod towards it and make my way over to the island, standing across from it. "Well, I am glad someone is around to use it, "I say peeking around the kitchen to make sure it isn't a wreck.

She smiles again, "Think I was going to run off?"

I lean my elbows on the counter and tilt my head, "Not run...more like quietly sneak out."

She leans over and twirls a bit of my hair out of my face and behind my ear before settling back on the stool, "Well lucky you I am not very good at sneaking." 

I smile, standing up and stretching. "Would you like breakfast or do you need to get going?" I ask making my way around to the fridge.

"Actually, I would much prefer a shower and I'm in no rush to leave." she says as she finishes her cup and traces the rim with her finger.

"There is a shower in the bedroom," I say gliding the door shut and motioning back up the stairs.

Christina seemingly pouts as she states matter of factly, "I know, I just assumed you would want to join." 

I take a minute to respond purely out of surprise and realize she looks hurt by this brief silence, "I would love to join you. I am just surprised you asked." She looks up at me with an expression of mixed emotion. 

I instantly become concerned and ask, "What's wrong?" 

This time she hesitates, "Well...should I get going?" I almost gasp out loud knowing I certainly did not want to scare her off. 

"No!..I mean no. I would love for you to stay." Her smile is almost beaming as she stands up to meet my face before planting a firm kiss on my lips. As she pulls away I feel the breathe return to my body and I want to race up the stairs to the shower, of course I fight that eager urge. I slide my hand behind her bringing her in for a much softer kiss, feeling my lips tingle against hers. I realize as she pulls away that I must have held her there to long as she giggles and removes my hand from her back, running her fingers in between the spaces in mine. I tug at her hand as I start to walk towards the doorway, back towards the staircase. 

She follows happily and attempts to make small talk, "I didn't want to wake you earlier you practically passed out after last night...but I wasn't sure how you would react to me just being in bed with you." 

I smile stopping about halfway up the steps, "Truthfully, I would have been so excited it might have scared you off." Her giggle makes my cheeks burn red and I continue the trek up the steps. Once we slide into the bedroom she hurries in front of me, peeling her shirt off and walking towards the bathroom. I almost trip over my feet making my way quickly in behind her. I lean over and turn the water on and feel her hands creep up my spine. "Do you mind if I help?" she says pushing at the t-shirt. I shudder under her fingers and shake my head, rising to stand in front of her.

I feel her hands slide up my sides and arms as my shirt glides over me and eventually lands next to us. She runs her palms back down my sides and they rest on my hips. I freeze as her polished scarlet nails slide over my hip bones tracing their way up my stomach, finally resting right under my chest. I let out a slow sigh that is accompanied by a shudder. I catch my breath again when her fingers start tracing the space underneath both of my breasts; she giggles into my ear and almost makes me melt back into her body. As I rock back into her she covers my breasts with her hands, pulling me closer to her. She takes a minute, rubbing my breasts with the palm of her hand. The sound of the water running mixed with her attention has made me so wet it is becoming uncomfortable. She takes a firm grab before kissing the back of my neck, working her way to my right ear. I hear her let out a moan as she loosens her grip. I catch a glance of her in the mirror and watch as her face lights up as she slowly traces around my nipples with her forefingers. I feel her smile as she kisses my cheek, pinching at me gently. Out of instinct my body shies away, pushing my back further into her body and I can feel her nipples are rigid against my back. She pins my nipples between her fingers again and my hips buck back into hers.

She stops and I feel her breath hit the back of my ear as she asks, "Does that hurt?" 

I snap, relaxing against her as I shake my head, "No, it doesn't hurt but..." I slide my hand over hers and turn myself around to face her. 

Our hands locked together I start to blush as I say, "...I just would prefer something else." She smiles and leans in kissing me deeply, and I let her hands slip out of mine. Happily letting my hands meet her outer thighs and I can't help but smile as I reach behind her to cradle her ass. As she draws away from me she doesn't remove her lips from my body, instead she glides them from my lips trailing under my neck and finally between my breasts. She takes both of my breasts in the her hands and I arch back grabbing the shower curtain as her lips starts to hover over my left nipple. I lock eyes on her every movement and watch as she just simply waits for what seems like ages. She smiles up at me before standing to meet my eyes again, giving me a kiss before pulling back the shower curtain and motioning me to follow as she steps in. 

I almost trip over the step as I follow in behind her, the warmth of the shower is welcoming and I watch as she walks into the water, her back facing me. I watch for a second longer as the water flows from the hair that rests between her shoulder blades gliding down her perfectly round ass. I can't help but smile as I step close to her pushing my body against the back of hers and hugging my arms around her stomach. I draw her in close for a second before loosening my grip and stroking up her sides with my finger tips, stopping at the curve of her bust. 

I let my hands slide over her breasts, running them over her nipples, when my hands meet in the middle I slide my right hand down her body letting it rest over the crevice between her upper thighs. I hear her moan and her body wiggles against my chest as she steps aside letting her legs part. My hand falls into her and I feel her lips lingering underneath my fingers. I take a second to catch my breath before stroking her; the feeling of her shuddering again urges me on. I slide my forefinger between her slit, I instantly catch myself wondering if she was this wet from the water or me.

Her body sighs down into my hand, pushing her clit against my fingers. I hear a groan of ecstasy escape her lips when I begin to rub her clit in circles. Her body's movement gives me the green light and I find it hard to keep from stroking her as fast as I can. I decide to take my time though, kissing her shoulders and neck while I press her clit hard with my fingers. The sight makes me moan into her ear and I almost lose my breath as she catches me by surprise, grabbing my hand away from her clit, running it up her chest before kissing and licking at my fingers. Her tongue sliding between my fingers sends my body on edge and I delight watching her body move. 

I patiently watch wondering what she might be up to as she turns around, her body within an inch of mine. She smiles, make-up running a bit but seeing her slightly messy makes me smile and puts me at ease with her seeing me tousled as well. She wraps her arms around my shoulders and pulls my neck down for a kiss; she tugs at the nape of my neck and once our lips meet they linger tenderly together. I realize quickly though that the tugging hasn't ceased and she is pushing me to my knees in front of her. She watches as I drop slowly at first but her hand works its way into my hair, her fingers working their way through it.

I find myself sitting up on my knees in the puddle forming at the bottom of the shower. The tiles feel cold at first but I am grateful for the warm water. I feel her hand loosen its grip and I lean my head back looking up her body, as water slides its way down her shoulders and stomach. She flashes a smile before I feel that hand rest again, ushering my face toward her, slowly encouraging me. I feel her stop and I push my neck forward a little but feel her pull my hair back. I take a second, confused, and look up at her, readjusting my knees, feeling the hard floor take its toll. 

She gently pulls my head back and I notice she is smiling. I cock my head puzzled but she moves her hand from the back of my head, tracing my lips with her forefinger. I stare watching her watch me and am almost shocked when she finally speaks, "You are just going to watch Honey, understand?" 

I just nod and she pulls her finger away from my mouth. I push the wet hair off my forehead and watch as her red nails make their way to her body. I feel my clit twitch as she spreads herself in front of me, sliding her forefinger around her clit. Her pussy is a dark shade of pink and I watch her finger trace its way around it again and smile when I hear her moan as she runs her nail from the bottom to the top of her clit. I feel warm water run down my chest and between my legs; I silently giggle knowing it was already soaked and just getting worse. She leans back allowing a better view of not only her pussy but her chest. I fidget frustrated knowing I can't lick her and decide to lean up and try to touch her breast. She instantly catches my hand and pushes it away effortlessly. I know I frown, apparently noticeable, because I hear her tsk at me. 

She keeps working her clit faster and bucks gently into her fingers while her other hand cups her left breast. I notice her finger is lightly tracing her nipple and want to tell her I would prefer that my tongue do the work for her, but I don't. I sit in almost painful silence, except for the water hitting the ground and my own breathing. She leans back and closes her eyes readjusting her feet even further apart and working even harder on her clit. I can't help but play with my own nipples briefly, squeezing my breasts in my palms. 

Since she doesn't seem to notice me attending to myself I slip my hand between my legs and trace my clit gently at first letting my body adjust and not get overwhelmed. The sight of her is becoming too much though and the fact she doesn't seem to be looking at me drives me even crazier. I moan and it catches her attention, her eyes look down and I know I am caught. The same wicked smile I saw earlier crosses her face and I know she is going to make me move my hand. 

She slowly leans down; water falling off her hair down my chest and when she makes a move for my hand I push her thighs back and hear her ass hit the shower wall. Her gasp at first scares me and I stare up praying I haven't offended her. Her face looks confused and startled but after a second the shock seems to subside and I see the small trace of a smile start to cross her lips. I dart my hand between her legs and begin rising slowly myself to meet her eyes.

I push my body against hers and love the feel of her chest on mine again. I push my fingers between her pussy lips quickly finding her wet hole and slip my forefinger in deep. I feel her nails drag into my shoulder blades and it just encourages me to push into her deeper pulling out and slamming my knuckles back into her. I hold her up against the wall harder, kissing her neck and quickening my pace inside of her and I can feel her hand move her hand between us. The movement of her arm between us lets me know she is rubbing her clit fast and I feel my own clit grow harder at the thought of her doing it to me. When my finger slides out of her again I notice she is growing more open and I manage to slip another finger in causing her nails to push further into my shoulders and urging me on.

I hear her moaning in my ear over the noise of the water and it pushes me over the edge. I stroke in and out of her wet cunt and soon realize I am pounding her. Her moaning doubles when I enter her and her body starts to depend on mine to stand. I feel she is getting close as she moans loudly. Her nails on my left shoulder dig deep and she shudders crying out, practically collapsing into my neck. I push her back against the wall allowing her to still work her clit before finally I feel her legs quake and her body give full way to orgasm. 

Her breathing is heavy and labored. She rests her head in the crook of my neck. I slide my hand out of her gently and run my hands up her arms, pushing my palms gently against her shoulders, pulling myself away enough to be face to face. I have to lower my head a little to meet her eyes and notice they are happily glazed over with satisfaction. I kiss her lips, feeling her body sway under my palms. The water hitting my spine is welcome warmth. She takes a second and after the pause lifts her head and nods before pushing her lips against mine. She almost throws me off balance and I catch myself against her shoulders. Before I have the chance to readjust I feel her finger on my clit and moan instantly. 

Her arms lock back against my shoulders and she rubs her finger around my clit teasingly, tracing her way down to my soaked hole. I gasp when I feel her enter me so quickly with two fingers and I find myself leaning into her as she slides in even deeper. The feeling of her thumb hitting my clit is too much of a tease and I buck into her hoping for it to hit again and again. She seems to hold my body up and gathers her ground, planting her feet and stroking in and out of me even quicker. All of the previous build up hits my pussy at once and I feel myself let tense. I hear her panting into my ear while urging me to cum down her fingers before creating a slight gap between us. Her mouth descends down to my tit and I feel myself grow rigid anticipating her mouth around my nipple.

The contact of her mouth is almost too much for me and I moan watching her tongue push flat against my nipple before her lips wrap around it, she sucks gently. All of my muscles tighten and I feel my cunt do the same around her fingers, but she keeps driving into me. She gasps in surprise and stops moving inside me just letting her fingers sit inside of me. I almost drop to my knees when I feel myself squirt down her fingers. I almost collapse into her body as mine strains to recover from her aggressiveness. I feel my heart pound and try to catch my breath, praying that I will be able to properly stand. I try to pull away but realize quickly, praying did not work. I sigh back against her and she giggles and puts one of her hands against the back of my head, petting gently through my brunette waves. 

"Give yourself a second, Honey. We are in no rush." She giggles again and I find the words reassuring. 

I nod into her and take a few more deep breathes before kissing her neck gently, eventually pushing myself up. I continue kissing up her neck and trace my way up the middle of her throat letting my lips stop at her chin. She looks me in the eye before rolling her forehead against me smiling and nuzzling into me. My heart soars a little and I kiss her nose before pulling away. 

"I suppose we really do need a shower now," I say with a laugh and a quick look down our bodies.

She giggles and nods, "I am sure we do. Do you mind if we make it quick though? I would love to sit down."

I sigh grateful for her bringing up a quick shower, "I completely agree; here, you have been against that wall for some time." I graciously offer her the warm water and back out from underneath the shower head. She quickly steps into my place and happily revels in the water, shaking her hair out a bit underneath it. I see her catch me just simply observing her and she seems to get a little self conscious. She gives her hair another few strokes and smiles. "Well I am done and warmed up," she says with a bit of a bounce of urgency. 

I smile and lean forward to wrap my arms around her, squeezing her in a light hug. "I have to say after all of that we are more than warm," she chuckles in my ear and reciprocates the embrace. I lean her forward and motion to the knobs, "If you don't mind..."

She nods, "Please do." A smile crosses her lips as I reach behind her to turn the water off and she pecks her lips against my cheek. 

As I pull back I slide the curtain out of the way and offer her my hand. She accepts it, hops out, and walks after me quickly as I make my way to the towels hidden in a closet next to the sink. The mirror is covered in fog and the air is so thick that I try to make quick work of digging the towels out. I turn to hand her one but instead of taking it she lifts her arms up and stands dripping before me. I almost blush as she motions me with her hands and I open the towel and throw it over her head, closing it at her breasts. She wriggles underneath me and lowers her arms, grabbing the top of the towel. I take my own towel and start to dry myself, "Care to get out of the steam?" I say nodding towards the door.

She giggles before quickly saying, "I know where the bedroom is."

She walks past me almost briskly and opens the door fully. A wave of cold hair hits me as I wrap myself in my towel. I watch her silhouette make its way out the door and cross the room to the clothes thrown about the floor. I walk to the door frame still attempting to dry off a bit and notice her reach for her jeans. 

"Do you need to leave?" I ask watching her move about collecting some clothes.

"I just need to make a quick call." She flashes me a smile over her shoulder while bent over picking her bra up and I smile back. "Do you care if I run I run downstairs to talk?"

I wave my hand towards the bedroom door before saying, "Sure, but know your clothes aren't needed in my living room." I wink and she seems to find it truthful enough that she only puts on her underwear.

"I will make sure to remember that," she says excitedly before making her way out the bedroom door. 

I hear her feet make their way down the staircase and I look around debating on what to do. I settle for cleaning up my clothes and finding my own set of underwear, red with little black hearts on them. I look myself over in the mirror assuring myself that the red is a good choice before walking over to the open doorway. I stop and lean against the inside of it, bending down to dry my hair out and I can hear her voice carrying its way up the staircase. I hear her mention that she went out last night to the bar and went home with someone. I smile, wringing my hair with the towel knowing I was the lucky chosen one. I stop messing with my hair when I hear her utter, "I know. I love you too, honey. I'll be home soon."
