 This is the continuation of The Nightingale, for those of you who have not read the introductory chapter. This will contain a portion of the sex, but I would best describe it as foreplay. Enjoy. Feedback, comments and criticism are welcomed.



"I am sincerely sorry about disturbing your slumber, Elisif," Serinee said in a hushed tone. The sudden realization that she was being held captive sunk into her mind. Her expression changed to one of worry and anxiety. Then, without a second passing, her brow furrowed and she glared at the young thief. Serinee chuckled to herself and lazily rolled her eyes. Too often had she seen the mental state of her marks vacillate between foolhardy courage and almost pitiful fear. The Jarl did not offer much of a change in her usual encounters. 

"Do not bother with trying to call for your guard," she said, as if to herself. She glanced over to the door, covered with the red glow of a muffle spell she had placed upon it moments before. Instinctively Elisif followed Serinee's eyes to the door. "Rest assured we have our privacy." She removed her hand from the Jarls mouth. She wasted no time in letting the words in her head find a voice. 

"What is it you want from me, thief? My money? Or perhaps my jewelry? Take it all and go, and leave me at peace," She spat, her voice flaring with growing contempt for the woman standing above her. "I am in no mood. My husband is taken from me. The Stormcloaks have seen their desires sated. Let me be." She sat up in her bed, supporting herself on her elbows. 

"I grieve for Torygg. He was a good man, and a righteous leader. However, the state of things politically no longer interest me. I am a woman of... simpler needs, so to speak," Serinees gleaming blue eyes fixated upon the Jarl. "I believe in Quid pro Quo. If you help me, I can help you. I seek information, you seek consolation." Her voice was stern and unwavering. She noted the sullen look upon the Jarls face at the mention of Torygg. Perhaps it was too soon for Serinee to prey upon Elisifs grievance.

"What information? And who are you to tell me what I seek? You're but a petty thief. You will never know of the love I have lost."

"You're right. I would not wish the loss of a love on even my most hated enemies. I should just get to the purpose of this visit then, shouldn't I? I'm with some very important people. As such, what I'm after is of equal importance. Your cooperation would be most welcomed." As she said this, she reached for the hilt of an Ebony dagger, lacing her fingers around the leather-bound handle. "You were in the company of the Dragonborn very recently. Weeks, I have been told. He was here on business with the late General Tullius. I am aware that you have talked to him about a very important subject, the same subject that has brought me here today. The Elder Scroll." She paused to let her words sink in to the Jarl. She had decided to pull over an ornate chair from the tables along the wall, and maintain level eye contact with her captive.

"I would be a dishonest woman if I denied any of your claims, thief, and it is fairly obvious of your intent. However, what does this information have to do with me?" She asked, curiosity sufficiently piqued in the Jarl. 

"Oh, it has everything to do with you. In short, all I truly need from you is the current whereabouts of the Dragonborn. I have ears in many places, Elisif, and I am aware he has told you of his future travels. After you divulge what I require, your reward; yes there will be a reward, will be substantial." She shook her head lightly to her side, pushing away the locks of brown hair that had fallen into her face. 

She allowed herself to gaze at the Jarl for a moment. The woman she was merely inches away from was one of elegant beauty. Her voluptuous body was concealed by the blankets she hid under, but she was in plain view of her face. Long, smooth strands of fiery orange hair was in a tangled mess on her head. Her pale blue eyes reflected the lingering sleep that she was interrupted in, and her full, rounded lips were sealed tightly in her pondering of the words Serinee had spoken to her. Simply, she looked beautiful.

"He... he was headed to High Hrothgar. I had told him that the Greybeards would assist him in his search for a Scroll. That should be enough for you, thief." She said shortly, clearly indicating she thought her usefulness was complete. 

Serinee sighed and lifted her body onto the edge of the Jarls bed. She hesitated at the sudden advance of the thief, but her resolve refused to falter. 

"I believe you, Elisif. You truly are as beautiful, and as fair, as they say you are. Your husband was a lucky man," She whispered, placing a hand softly on the Jarls thigh. Again, a small pang of sadness swept over Elisifs face as mention of Torygg reached her ears. But this time, a look of quizzical wonder was mixed with her grief. Serinee began to slowly massage the Jarls leg, as a mother would if she were soothing a crying youth. She slid herself upward, closer to Elisifs face.

"You don't know of the hardships that I have seen, being the way that I am. But I have embraced it. I am different, and I am proud of that difference." She raised the Jarls hand and lightly kissed her knuckles. She quickly drew her hand away.

"What in Oblivion...? What are you suggesting?" She scooted herself towards her pillows, not used to the treatment and compliments she was receiving. Her unease was fueled largely by the giver of these treatments.

Serinee removed her hand from the warmth of Elisifs thigh. She reached behind her back, unhooking the Nightingale armor she donned on her journey to the capital city. She slid her feet easily out of the ancient Nightingale boots she had acquired in her services to the Daedric god, Nocturnal. In a moments time, she was down to her black lace bra and matching underwear, which she picked up from a harshly gossipy High Elf merchant in the Solitude markets. Elisif could not help but be stunned at the flawlessness of her captors figure.

Serinee was not as slender as Elisif was, but the curves of her body were more than enough to silence anyone who dared criticize her frame. Her breasts, cupped perfectly in a 36D bra, were full and youthfully perky, adding more elegance to her already flawless figure. Her hips were round and beautifully curved, leaving any lover with the perfect place to rest their hands. Elisif could only imagine the perfection of her behind, as the partial darkness of the room had nearly concealed it. The Jarl could not help but feel jealous of the thief.

In a swift motion, Serinee had swung her body on top of Elisifs, in a motion that even she admitted to be instantaneous. She took both of Elisifs hands in hers, pressing her arms firmly down onto the bed. Her waist was at even level with Elisifs as she pressed herself down onto the young Queen. Their breasts, nearly perfect matches, were inches from contact. 

"What is this?! Get off of me, girl!" She cried to her captor, but to no avail. Serinee had seemed to give up on speaking. She had a fiery look in her eyes when Elisif decided to look at the woman on top of her. It was a look she had seen often in Torygg's eyes, a look that she had been described as having in their most intimate of moments. This realization did nothing to soothe Elisifs nerves.

In another moment that seemed to blur by as if faster than light, Serinee's lips were inches from the Jarls. Her hair was dangling freely in her face, tickling her cheeks and teasing her lips. Playfully, she grazed Elisifs bottom lip with her tongue, tracing her lips with her tongue and stopping with a kiss to the tip of her nose. Without hesitating, she kissed her bottom lip softly, her soft lips barely touching her captives. She allowed the sensations of the moment to control Elisifs reaction. She was strangely confident in the result of her advances. She would not be let down.

Elisif closed her eyes slightly, enough to barely make out a visage of the young woman on top of her. She leaned upward, her lips ready to lock with her lovers. She had consigned herself to the realization that she was lonely and sought desperately a new love. She had no idea it would come at the hands of a young woman who had held her captive for information. When she felt her lips meet Serinee's, she let her eyes shut completely as she pulled her body down onto hers. Their figures meshed perfectly on the soft bed, as if one fit the other in an erotic puzzle. The Jarl had on only a linen nightgown, that teasingly exposed her now hardened nipples through the soft fabric. She wrapped her arms around her new lover and held her tight in their embrace, their tongues intertwining now becoming the central focus of their attention.

Serinee had stolen a quick glance at the Jarls body before she had slung herself onto it. Elisif was a gorgeous woman in her own right. With 34C breasts not held by a bra of any sort, she was modestly framed, however smaller and more petite than the thief. This did not curb her desires, however. She had dreamed of the moment when her lips could meet Elisifs elegant body. She intended to turn those dreams into reality.

She had let her hands guide themselves down Elisifs body, exploring every inch of her fair skin before resting upon her breasts. She noted how her hands nearly cupped them perfectly. She bit her lip eagerly in between caressing Elisifs tongue, her desires now taking physical form. She massaged her lovers breasts delicately, making sure the palms of her hands played with her nipples. She could hear, and see, the effects of her touch. Elisif had let out a soft moan, their lips finally unlocking from each other as she looked down to her body. Serinee had taken the subtle hint, crawling down her body, her head now on level with her breasts. Elisif ran both of her hands through Serinee's hair, and leaned her head back on her pillow. Pushing her body upward and her lovers head downward gently, Elisif closed her eyes and invited Serinee to do as she pleased.

Serinee did not need to be asked. She let her lips come down upon Elisifs left nipple, her tongue exploring all around her areola, teasing Elisif by not focusing on her nipple. With a more urgent moan, Serinee suckled on the now completely hard nipple in her mouth, stopping to leave long trails of licks along her breast. Her left hand was now playing with Elisifs free nipple, teasing and gently rubbing as she continued her attention with her tongue. Her other free hand had found its way into Elisifs, their hands clasped tightly together as they savored the unity and passion of the moment the two of them were now bound to...

Part three to come.