 It was light when Emma next awoke, and she was aware of movement close to her. With her eyes still closed she imagined Gellir had returned to her and when she felt her skirts lifted up towards her waist she purred gently and rolled onto her back.

When fingers gently touched her thigh her eyes flew open and she gasped to see her roommate, with whom she had not yet shared a word, crouched over her, gazing at her pale, exposed legs.

"What are you doing?" Emma moved swiftly up her bed and covered her legs, angry and afraid.

"Just having a look." the girl smiled a disingenuous smile, and Emma was stunned to hear her speak the same tongue.

"You...you're an Angle?" she stammered, amazed that this stranger would hide their shared origins, the stranger nodded smugly "Northumbrian?"

"I hail from Murcia – my name is Amity" she paused and smiled again, her eyes harsh like flint "I believe it means 'friendship'..." 

There was a pause as Emma was caught between her suspicion and anger at being hoodwinked by this girl, and her desire to grasp at the sense of kinship and belonging. 

As if sensing her hesitation, Amity pushed playfully against her legs and said,

"Go on then...let me see," and seeing Emma's puzzled expression "there was plenty on show last night, and you weren't being shy then – so let me see what the Master was after!"

Emma's mouth fell open in shock; she could not believe this woman dared to speak openly of such things. She pulled her skirts tight against her ankles and stared defiantly at her. With her hands at her ankles and the element of surprise she was unable to defend herself from the unexpected blow Amity dealt her. She crashed her fist into her shoulder and sent Emma sprawling back against the bed.

"Don't play with me, I saw you last night – ripe for his picking – and I know you saw me" she crowed "you didn't feel the need to cover your pretty self then, when he was dipping like a beast between your legs."

Amity positioned herself above Emma, straddling her with surprising strength.

"Now listen, it is time to be nice – you help me out and I'll keep your filthy secret." Putting her hands down between them she tugged once again at Emma's skirts, lifting them up to expose her thighs. 

"I want a taste of what the Master had, and without it I'll be sharing your little night time visit with his Lady."

Amity reached towards her to loosen the already slackened ties of her bodice, exposing her breasts as Emma hunted for an escape.

"She wouldn't understand you...you bitch – you can't speak her language!" Emma felt momentarily triumphant.

"She's a Mercian, been here for many years but she can understand me just fine. And that..." she gave Emma a sharp slap across her face "is for calling me names."

Amity bent her head forward and flicked her tongue across Emma's left nipple, seeing it tighten immediately at the sensation.

"I want to see you, see what was so special that the Master should choose you for his pleasure, over all the other women who might want him." She yanked hard to bring Emma's skirts up above her waist and gazed with lewd excitement at her exposed flesh. 

"Let me taste him within you and I'll keep your secret nicely." She licked her lips "It's an age since I've had a man in me, and I have to take my pleasure where I can," she laughed, slipping her fingers down amongst the soft hair nestling over Emma's sex.

Emma pushed up with her hips in an attempt to unseat Amity, but succeeded only in driving her fingers against her sensitive nub. 

"Be silent!" Amity hissed, her voice harsh and her eyes threatening "I'm warning you! I'm not scared to hurt you, and it is nought to what the Lady would do – so do as I say."

Sensing defeat Emma laid still and Amity wriggled down to allow herself better access to the sight of her interest. She stared intently down at her, and pushed hard against her soft thighs, forcing her legs apart. Emma saw her breathe in deeply, lingering over the heady cocktail of Emma and Gellir's scent, mingled deep within her. Lightly she stroked her outer lips, savouring the softness, then gently she parted them to allow herself to gaze upon the soft pink folds, delicate as petals, glistening with moisture and sticky with the residue of their nights' passion.

Emma wriggled in embarrassment and Amity gave a sharp nip to her thigh, reminding her of the threat and keeping her still and silent. Dipping her head forward Emma felt for the second time in her life, the delicate flick of a tongue against her and covered her mouth to prevent her gasp escaping. The horror and shame of this strange woman with her head between her legs, was entwined in her mind with the heat of Gellir's breath against her and the feel of his hardness deep inside. Despite the strangeness of the circumstances the girls tongue began to urge life into her, opening the folds of her sex and igniting a hunger in her belly. 

Amity tasted the fresh tang of Emma's own flesh and the salty reminder of Gellir's presence and she dipped her tongue deeper and deeper to savour the taste and urge life into her new roommate. She felt Emma tilt her hips to allow her softly stroking tongue better access deep inside the hot, slick centre, and she knew then that Emma had been hooked in by the shameless probing. She had known that Emma had the passion in her, she had witnessed it when she watched them last night, like animals here on this very spot – fused together pushing in unison to get further and deeper – their bodies consuming one another in desperation. She had seen Emma, head thrown back, mouth parted, clawing at his clothes and hair as he thrust deeper inside her.

Amity had a fancy for the man herself and had wondered what it would be to have him bury himself within her, it was indeed some time since she had been taken and frustration was her constant companion. Today she would enjoy having a partner, one who seemed, after some reluctance, to be entering into the spirit. 

Suddenly Amity withdrew her tongue and she heard Emma utter a soft howl of frustration, she wiped her mouth and spoke.

"A gift is as good to give as to get..." her eyes flashed with a dangerous mix of lust and challenge, and as she clambered up the bed she lifted her skirts high to reveal herself. 

"It's my turn – put your tongue in me or the truth will out."

Emma's mouth twisted in disgust, and she backed towards the wall, which simply invited Amity to move closer still until her sex was right there before Emma's face. 

"Do it!" she snarled.

Fighting the revulsion and shame, yet fearing the consequences, she darted her tongue against Amity, a hard stab with no passion, just a desire to end the torment quickly. Amity reached down and grasped her head, tightening her fingers in her hair and pressing her face against her hot, moist mound. Emma wriggled to free herself, but seeing no option and fearing the strength of this strange and unpredictable foe, she allowed her tongue to reach out again, finding the softness within and tasting the sweet tang of her juices.

Hearing Amity breathe deeply, shuddering with pleasure, Emma felt her own heat return. She had been amazed that another girl could bring her pleasure, but to see Amity, her lithe legs parted and her moist lips opening, dewy and red with the dark centre tempting her, she could not help but appreciate the beauty and feel it stir her deep inside.

Instinctively she drew a finger forward and slipped it into the slick darkness, feeling the odd contours deep within her and hearing her muffled cry of appreciation. She moved her fingers slowly; slipping them in and out she gently eased another finger in there, thinking once again of Gellir fitting so tightly within her. Amity opened her legs still wider, making soft throaty noises with each push of her fingers and each laps of her tongue. Emma reached down to touch herself, until she heard a noise just to her side and she jerked herself away from Amity, covering herself and wiping at her mouth in horror.

The woman before them was the same one she had seen with Gellir in the Great Hall. She was fine woman, with the kind of beauty that came from an easy life, and an august, superior air that left Emma in no doubt of her status. Glancing at Amity she was astounded to see that she had remained in place with her skirts raised and her sex on show and looking from woman to woman she began to sense that all was not as it had seemed. 

"Well, Amity – I see you have started without me?" the woman admonished her playfully "are we to show her how we amuse ourselves when our men are at sea?." 

The woman lifted her own skirt to reveal fair skin on slender legs and a neat, dark thatch of hair nestling between her legs. 

"I hear you have been playing with my husband" she paused to give her softly spoken words their full significance, and Emma shot a furious glance at Amity, who seemed to be revelling in her mischief. 

"Perhaps now you may do me the same service."

To see this woman open her legs before her seemed unreal and unbelievable; her sex was engorged and red, with glistening moisture clear on her inner lips. Emma moved forward, uncertain, but sure of her self-protective urges. Her tongue snaked into the folds of this woman tasting her unique flavour and feeling her slippery contours. 

The woman spoke once more.

"Amity, you owe this woman some satisfaction, I watched you from the door, and you teased her near to coming." 

She glanced down at Emma, with an almost benign kindness in her eyes. 

"She needs an end to it – we can at least send her off satisfied."

Emma tried to make sense of her words at the same time as she pleasured the woman with her tongue. She felt Amity raise her skirts and, with Emma kneeling in front of the mistress, she began to slip her tongue between the folds of Emma's engorged and dripping sex, she wriggled and arched her back to allow Amity to probe as deeply as she could. She craved to feel what she had the night before – the full length of a heavily veined shaft pounding into her tight space, filling her entirely.

She heard the mistress making noises in her throat, urgent, desperate sounds that sounded both frustrated and excited. She began to mew and cry out as Emma quickened the pace of her tongue against her sensitive nub. Responding to the quickening of Amity's attention at her own place she proffered her finger to the lady and slipped them between the folds to fill her as she wished to be filled herself.

The Lady writhed on the fingers, crying out in a mixture of her own language and the language of the Danes she bucked against the fingers, moisture flooding her sex and coating Emma's hand and mouth. Emma drank it greedily, grateful finally to feel the mistresses satisfaction, captivated by the softness and the heady scent of the woman.

Behind her Amity's hand was working fast between her own legs and as her breathing quickened her fingers moved to a blur, her mouth still pushing against Emma even as she bucked and writhed against her own hand. Taking a few moments to recover Amity smeared her fingers, wet with her juices across Emma, from the apex of her outer lips, to the curve of her behind, raking her fingers across the puckered entrance to her anus.

As if an agreed and familiar game the Lady dropped her skirt and stepped forward, rubbing her hands across the ripe curve of Emma's rump. As Amity slipped her fingers roughly into Emma the Lady ran her fingers through he mingled juices and brought it to her second hole. Before Emma had acknowledged what was to happen, and giving no time to protest she pressed down hard against the entrance and her finger pushed up the her knuckle into Emma's anus.

Emma cried out in shock and pain, but the combined feel of the fingers deep inside her and the intrusion of the movement in her anus felt oddly exciting, and as they moved in unison she felt orgasm approach almost instantaneously. She found herself pushing back against the hands to feel as filled as she could and as the knot of tension grew in her belly the mixture of pain and driving pleasure mingled until she was swept by orgasm, her body wracked by spasms so powerful that she could barely keep upright.

As she quietened the woman removed their fingers and stood over her. She could feel nothing except the heat and moisture between her legs – it was as if the shame she should feel, the soreness in her loins and the embarrassment at her noisy climax were all meaningless, the only thing that mattered was getting this satisfaction, feeling filled and feeling replete.

"I have some news for you, my dear" said the woman, distant and formal once again. 

"My husband informs me that you are to go, he is tired of you and he thinks you will do well as a gift for his brother." 

The words stung and Emma gasped at the thought of being cast off by the man she still longed for. 

"Today you will be taken to him. He is a fine man, and will make a suitable Master." she smiled with satisfaction "He will make good use of your talents, I am certain, and he has a fine reputation for some pretty dark pleasures." 

Seeing the look in Emma's eyes she bent down low and hissed, 

"Did you think I would let you have him? Let him fill you when it is I who have waited for him? Nobody takes my husband from my bed..." she straightened "and now you will pay for it."