 Synopsis: This story is about a 18-year-old girl named Lana who is going for a hike alone in an upstate New York nature preserve. She decides to explore down a certain trail she’s never explored. To her surprise, she stumbles across a women’s group having a gathering in a special clothing-optional area of the preserve. They invite her to join them and Lana begins to explore the thrill of nudity.

If you enjoy this story, please let me know by emailing me at the link below.

*****

-1-

On a warm, sunny day in June, 18-year-old Lana Cooper decided to go for a hike through the woods. She’d been on vacation in upstate New York with her family for about a week, staying in a cabin they owned at the edge of Minniwaska Lake in the Minniwaska Nature Preserve. It was a popular place. The lake was always filled with swimmers or people on sailboats. But it was the woods Lana liked most. The nature preserve had dozens of trails covering acres and acres of unspoiled wilderness, perfect for a young girl to get some exercise, see some scenery, and be alone with her thoughts.

She was walking along a dense section of the trail. The canopy of the trees overhead let only small trickles of light through. She could hear crickets buzzing in the distance. The air smelled lush and full of life. She was dressed in tiny, white shorts and a pink t-shirt, with white sneakers. Her honey-blonde hair was tied back in a pony tail. She was a little small for her age, with breasts that had recently grown to about a B cup, but she had a pretty face which dimpled when she smiled. She also wore braces, which she hoped to lose next year.

The trail she was walking on was blazed with an orange mark on a tree every fifty feet or so. This was her favorite trail, the one she usually hiked. Eventually, she came to an intersection, with a smaller trail marked by white blazes, leading to another part of the woods.

Lana had never been down that trail. She’d passed it countless times but never bothered to explore. It seemed small and uninteresting to her. Plus she was happy with her trail. Still, Lana felt strangely intrigued that day. Something was pulling her towards that trail. Shrugging her shoulders, she hoisted her backpack on to her shoulders, and began to climb the new, white-blazed trail.

She explored the trail for about twenty minutes. It was actually nicer than she had expected it to be. She also found that it eventually ran along a stream. She followed the path along the stream for a few minutes when suddenly she heard voices ahead.

Lana moved forward more slowly and, as she did so, the voice became louder. Also, she could hear the sound of water rushing down a waterfall. Finally, she came to a steep drop-off. The water from the stream fell into a valley and was pooled at the bottom by a natural dam. The swimming hole was surrounded on all sides by soft grass which eventually gave way to trees. The trail, Lana could see, snaked down around the drop-off to the swimming hole.

The view was gorgeous, but that wasn’t what surprised her. Swimming in the water, lying in the grass, talking near the trees, playing Frisbee . . .

Were over two dozen naked women.

Just then, Lana noticed a sign on a tree next to her. It was a laminated, blue sign, which read: “Caution: You May Encounter Nudity Beyond This Point”. Her jaw still wide open, she turned back to stare in shock at the gathering below.

She had never seen anything like this. She was old enough to know what nudist camps were and that they existed, but she never expected to find one out in the middle of the Minniwaska Nature Preserve like this. The women seemed so casual, so normal, but they were all buck naked.

“Hello,” said a woman’s voice behind her.

-2-

Lana whirled around, heart pounding. A woman, thirty years old or so, stood in front of her with her hands on her hips, smiling. She, like the women below, wasn’t wearing a single item of clothing. At first, Lana was afraid she was in trouble, but the woman’s warm smile let her know she wasn’t.

“Uhh, hi . . .” the 18-year-old replied.

“Are you lost, hun?” the woman asked.

“Not really,” Lana replied. Her eyes darted everywhere. She looked at the woman’s feet, the trees, the sky, the ground. She looked anywhere to avoid looking at the woman’s exposed breasts or vagina.

“That’s good,” said the woman.

Lana smiled weakly and continued averting her eyes.

“It’s OK to look, you know,” said the woman.

“What do you mean?” Lana asked, looking her in the eye.

“A naked body is a natural thing and I’m not ashamed of mine,” she said. “Plus it’s kind of hard to talk to someone when they’re looking every which way.”

Embarrassed, Lana finally took a real look at the woman. She was actually very pretty. She had a warm, open face with only the faintest hints of wrinkles. Dark brown hair with gold streaks highlighted hung to her neck in a neat cut. She was in good shape. Her body was trim. Her breasts were larger, a 36DD or so, and put Lana’s small tits to shame. Her skin was a pale white, marred only by the black fur of her pubic hair.

“I’m Barbara,” said the woman.

“I’m Lana,” said the girl. 

They shook hands. Lana felt weird shaking hands with a naked woman in the middle of the woods, but tried not to let it show.

“What is this place?” Lana asked. “I was just walking and I saw this trail and thought I’d check it out. Then I see all these naked women. I was kind of shocked.”

“I would be too,” said the woman, smiling. “The preserve has this stretch of the trail designed for nudist, or naturist, hikers. Basically, as long as you stay within this stretch of the trail, you don’t have to wear clothes.”

“Who are all those women?” Lana asked.

“We’re all members of the Albany Women’s Naturist Society,” Barbara answered. “We come here twice a week during the summer, on Mondays and Thursdays. It’s just a group for women of all different ages and interests to enjoy being nude with other women.”

“Cool,” answered Lana vaguely.

“You can come down and hang out with us if you want,” Barbara suggested. “They’re very nice.”

“No thanks,” said Lana, shaking her head brusquely. “I wouldn’t feel comfortable being naked around people I don’t know.”

“You don’t HAVE to get naked,” said Barbara. “It’s clothing optional, not nudity required.”

Lana took another look at the women down below. They really did seem to be having fun, enjoying the freedom of being naked. Lana could understand. When no one was home, she would often emerge from the shower and not bother to put clothes on until someone came home. She even slept in the nude on hot nights back home. There was something very satisfying about not being burdened by clothing.

“I’d feel silly going down there wearing clothes if everyone else was naked, though,” said Lana.

“So what do you want to do?”

Lana thought this over for a minute, then got an idea.

“Well,” she said, “I’m wearing underwear under my clothes. Would it be OK if I went down in just my underwear? Or would I look stupid?”

“That would be perfect,” Barabara said, smiling. “A lot of women do the same thing their first time until they feel comfortable being naked.”

“Cool,” said Lana, smiling.

She shrugged her backpack off her shoulders, put it on the ground, and unzipped it. It only contained an apple and a bottle of water, so there was plenty of room for her clothes. First, she untied the laces of her sneakers, pulled them off, and stuffed them in along with her socks.

She reached for the hem of her shirt and suddenly felt nervous with this naked woman watching her strip down to her bra and panties. Sensing her discomfort, Barbara turned away, showing her perky, bare ass to the young girl.

“You can watch,” said Lana. Barbara turned around, smiling.

“You’re sure?” she asked.

“If I’m going to be walking around in my underwear, you can see me take off my clothes,” said Lana, chuckling. Barbara smiled again.

Swallowing her nervousness, Lana grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled it off over her head, revealing her white bra. She put it in the backpack and stood for a moment, breathing softly. It felt just like being in a bathing suit on a beach. Except, of course, that she was about to join a group of nude women instead of other people in bathing suits.

Next, she grabbed the elastic waistband of her shorts, and pulled them down to her ankles. She stepped out of them, picked them up, and put them in the bag. She stood up again to absorb the feeling of being outdoors in only her underwear.

“You look very nice,” said Barbara.

“Thanks,” Lana replied.

“I’ll lead the way,” said Barbara.

Barbara turned and began walking down the path towards the swimming hole. Lana quickly zipped up her backpack and slung it over one shoulder, following the nude woman through the woods as they slowly descended to join the group.

-3-

Lana and Barbara emerged from the trees into the clearing. All eyes immediately went to them. For a moment, Lana felt very self-conscious in her near undress, but seeing so many women who didn’t have a scrap on made her less awkward. After a moment, they went back to doing whatever they were doing.

Barbara led Lana to a group of three women were standing together in a small circle, talking as normally as three women on the street. They turned when Barbara approached and smiled warmly at Lana.

“Who’ve you found?” asked one woman, an older lady perhaps in her fifties. The other two women were both young and pretty, in their twenties, Lana guessed.

“This is Lana,” Barbara said. 

She then introduced the three women. The older woman was Maggie, the president and organizer of the Albany Women’s Naturist Society. The two younger women were Tina and Sandy. Maggie had short, salt-and-pepper hair. Her skin was darker than Barbara’s and her breasts sagged, but she was still a very attractive woman. Tina was a slight, Chinese woman with brown eyes and black hair. Sandy was blonde, a little on the heavy side which added to her voluptuousness, but also very pretty.

“Nice to meet you,” said Lana.

“A little shy, are we?” asked Sandy, smiling, and noting Lana’s underwear.

“Don’t tease her,” said Barbara. “Remember how nervous you were the first time?”

Sandy blushed slightly, smiled, and nodded.

“Want to play Frisbee, Lana?” she asked.

“OK,” the girl replied.

The plump nudist led Lana away from Tina, Barbara, and Maggie and towards an empty spot on the clearing where someone had dropped a Frisbee. As they walked, Lana stared openly ten or so women who were sunbathing nude by the water. She was so intent on them that the Frisbee nearly hit her in the head.

“Sorry!” called Sandy.

“My fault,” Lana replied.

They tossed the Frisbee back and forth for a few minutes. To play the game, Lana had no choice but to look at the naked woman across from her. She found that, the more time she spent among these women, the most comfortable she felt with their nudity and her semi-nudity.

“So how old are you, Lana?” Sandy asked.

“Eighteen,” she answered. “You?”

“Twenty-three,” Sandy replied. “I’m a graduate student at NYU but I’m home for summer vacation.”

“I’m in high school,” said Lana. They both shared a laugh.

“Do you like it here?” Sandy asked.

“Yeah,” said Lana. “It’s pretty cool.”

“Why don’t you lose the undies?” Sandy asked casually.

Lana caught the Frisbee and stopped. She looked around at the women having fun in the nude. No one even seemed to be looking at her, except for Barbara, who waved and then went back to talking with Maggie and Tina. Lana set the Frisbee down and took a deep breath.

“I’m gonna do it,” she said.

“Awesome!” said Sandy, grinning. “Take your time.”

Lana stood there for a moment, gathering her courage. Finally, she grabbed her bra, and slowly pulled it off, shivering as her nipples were exposed. Once it was off, she let her arm hang limply at her side. She stood there for another moment, half-exposed, basking in the feeling.

Finally, she dropped the bra into her backpack, which was on the ground by her feet. She hooked her thumbs around the elastic waistband of her panties and paused. She looked at Sandy, who smiled and nodded encouragingly. Lana pulled her panties down slowly, first exposing her hairless mound. The panties slid down past her thighs, knees, shins, and finally to her ankles.

Lana kicked the panties towards the bag and stood up straight. She had finally done it. She was completely naked, out in the woods, surrounded by other naked women. She took a deep, shuddering breath. It felt wonderful. Her hands caressed her young, nude body. Unconsciously, they moved from her breasts to her stomach, then around to her back and ass.

“So are you gonna throw the Frisbee or what?” Sandy asked.

Grinning, Lana quickly zipped up her backpack with the clothes inside, tossed it aside. The naked 18-year-old girl threw the Frisbee to the naked college student across from her.

To be continued . . .