 It was 9 am when you woke to the smell of fresh coffee. You smiled as you got up and walked towards the coffee pot. Even though you were still half asleep, you noticed propped up against your cup was a piece of paper folded in half. 

"Hmm, I wonder what this is?"

You grabbed your cup and started to pour your coffee and put the paper to the side. Making sure your coffee was just as you liked it, you reached for the paper while sipping your coffee. 

You walked back to the bed, fluffed up the pillows and crawled back under the covers. Reaching for the tv remote, you turned it on to the local news channel. The paper sat on the night stand waiting for your attention. As you sipped your coffee and listened to the news, you kept glancing at the paper. The coffee was waking up your senses and your curiosity. 

You decided to refresh your coffee before opening the paper. Once you were again settled and comfortable back in bed, you picked up the paper and unfolded it. Looking down you read:

First I'd like to say, Good Morning babe. I hope that you slept well and that your coffee is the way you like it. You have the morning to enjoy as you wish but when I return, I want you wearing your short skirt, your red panties and your red bra. Before you put on your panties or your skirt, I want you to stroke your clit the way I stroke it. You will stroke yourself and not stop until you cum for Me. You will also play with your nipples for Me. Play with them the same way I do. I want you to pinch, pull and roll them between your finger and thumb. I want you to be very wet and very ready for Me today. Once you are soaked the way I like you to be, only then can you put on your panties and skirt. Make sure your wetness soaks your panties very well because I want to see it, when I tell you to lean over the counter and show Me your panties. When I am finished admiring what's Mine, you will pull your panties down past your knees. With your skirt lifted and held high, you will then fully expose yourself to Me - for Me. Then I will come over to you and spank your ass hard. I will make it red, let you feel the heat and the wetness of your pussy that I know will be aching for My attention. I will reach down between your legs and with My finger and thumb, pinch and pull your hard clit. Then with your clit still between My fingers, I will stroke your clit hard and fast and you will cum for Me. You will give Me what's Mine. And after you have cum for Me, I'm going to fuck you with My hard dick from behind like you've never been fucked before. Enjoy your morning and your coffee My sweet love, because when I return, I will be enjoying you!" 

       ~Karen~

You can feel your heart racing now and you are very aware that your breathing has deepened, along with the familiar ache that you feel between your legs. Checking to make sure you read correctly what you thought you read, you look back down at the paper and start to re-read the note.

As you're re-reading it, you can feel that ache-that need-pulsating between your legs. It almost shocks you at how turned on you are and you realize your nipples are hard. You peek over at the clock thinking about the note as you get up to get more coffee. Now you're wide awake and all your senses are very alert. Not really knowing what time I will return, You decide you should take a shower and bathe to prepare for what is to come. Your mind is still spinning and thinking about the note as you wash your body and hair. After toweling off, you get out your favorite lotion and slowly rub it into your skin. It's the scent you know I like. You rub it into your feet, thighs, your oh so smooth pussy lips, your ass, along your ribs, up and over your breasts and into your hard, long nipples, then up along your neck and over your shoulders. You make sure you look and smell very good for Me, as you always do. You're very aware of how sensitive your body is, how wet, how turned on and how very excited you are. You decide then, that you've had enough coffee to drink and even though it's a little early in the day, you would very much like a nice, cold glass of wine. 

You make your way back to the bed and set your glass of wine down on the side table. With both a nervous smile and a jolt of excitement, you take out your red bra, panties, and skirt, and lay them on the chair next to the bed. Before heading back to the bathroom to fix your hair, you take a sip of wine. When you're finished fixing your hair, you walk back to the bed wrapped simply in a towel. You drop the towel to your waist as you put on your bra. This is the bra that fits your breast perfectly, lifts them just right, shows your dark, hard nipples and always makes you feel so sexy. The ache between your legs has only increased now and really can't be ignored any longer. Taking another sip of wine, you put the glass down and reach between your legs. 

You can feel how wet and hard you are as you lay down and gently start to stroke your clit. Using your finger and thumb, stroking the sides up and down just how I stroke your clit. Just the way you were told to stroke your clit. I know how it excites you to be told to masturbate for Me. You stop stroking for a second, moving your hands up to your breasts, pulling on your bra, you expose your nipples to your waiting fingers. Softly you run your fingertips over your nipples, you inhale deeply. Using both hands, you take your nipples between your fingers and pinch each hard, then you begin rolling your hard nipples, it feels so good when you do this, it excites you and you pull hard. Alternating between rolling and pulling, your nipples grow long and you feel your clit twitching.

Releasing your nipples and giving them a flick with your fingers, your hand goes back to your aching pussy. You slide your fingers over your wet lips, opening them wide with one hand while the other grasps your clit. You feel your clit getting harder as your fingers slide along the sides, you feel yourself getting wetter too. You take the finger of your other hand and softly rub the exposed tip of your clit in little circles, while still stroking your clit up and down with your eyes closed, hearing My voice, imagining My fingers. Pinching a little harder, you stroke faster and faster you can feel yourself building to that wonderful point. Your breathing becoming more of a need to catch it- as you have built yourself up to the point of orgasm. The release you've wanted washes over and through you like a rushing river, your nipples so hard they ache. You feel your whole body tighten and Ohhhhh Yessssssss, you cummm for Me.

As you lay there quietly recovering and catching your breath the phone starts to ring. "Hello" 

"I want you to be ready for Me when I get there. I will be there in about 15 minutes. I can't wait to see you babe." 

And with a click the phone goes dead. 

Your heart starts to race again with both anticipation and nervousness. Reaching for your glass of wine you take a long, slow swallow, as you reach for your red panties. 

As you slide the panties up your smooth legs to your now very, wet pussy, you knew there would be no disguising how soaked they were when I saw them. You put your skirt on standing in front of the mirror. You turn around checking yourself out. The bra fits your breasts just right. You can see your dark nipples pressing against the sheer fabric. The short skirt hugs your ass so perfectly, while hiding those wet panties so well. You softly run your fingers over your nipples, feeling them so hard you lightly pinch them. You smile to yourself, thinking how pleased I'll be when I walk through the door and see you.

The tv is mumbling something about a Washington scandal, but all you can really hear at the moment is the pounding of your heart. Your breathing quickens as you hear the key turning in the lock. The anticipation, the waiting is finally over and now just excitement and nervousness, is pumping pure adrenalin through your veins. 

After stepping in, first closing then locking the door behind Me, I take a long look at you. You could tell by the look on My face that I was very pleased indeed by what I saw.

"Hello My sweetness. I take it your morning was a good one?"

All you could do was nod and smile at Me as I leaned down to kiss your warm lips. I picked up your glass from the table, refilled it and poured a glass of wine for Myself. I gave your glass back to you and I walked over to the counter sipping Mine. 

Smiling at you, I reached down grabbing the top button of My jeans and with one quick pull I had undone every button. I kick My pants off and having not worn anything under them, I was standing before you half naked. I sat down on the chair, while opening My shirt and spreading My legs wide, never taking My eyes off of you.

"Come to Me babe, come lick Me and make Me cum." 

I didn't have to tell you twice, you were quickly out of the chair and kneeling between My legs. I stroked your hair and the side of your face as you began to slowly run your tongue along My lips. Your eyes met Mine as you pushed your tongue in deeper, tasting Me and reaching for My clit.

I have always loved the way you lick My pussy. The way your tongue caresses My clit. The licking, the sucking and the biting, oh yes the biting.

"Bite Me babe, I want to feel it." 

Your teeth go to My very exposed and hard clit and you gently bite. The feeling rushes right through my entire body. "oohh Yesss." Your tongue continues to work My pussy and clit.

Your tongue quickly flicking My clit as you continue to suck it harder-holding My clit between your teeth, pulling it deeper into your mouth, not allowing it to slip away. My breathing deepens, My need growing fast as I look down to watch you worshiping My pussy. You reach up into My shirt, your hands searching for My hard nipples. Finding them, you grip both tightly between your fingers, first pulling then pinching hard, rolling them both. I moan out loud as you bite down on My clit and suck it sooo hard. This sends Me right over the edge.

"Ohhh god Yesss babe don't stop. Ohhhh Yessss I'm cumming."

You're hunger was a big one because even as I tried to close My legs you stayed right there, licking Me clean, sucking My lips back into your mouth, holding onto My thighs tight. With a slight struggle, I finally convinced you to stop and come up to My mouth and kiss Me.

"Mmm, My baby is very hungry today. Thank you babe I needed that." 

"You're so welcome, it's always my pleasure, I love making You cum." 

I stood up then and looking down into your eyes I said, 

"Now My sweetness, it's time for what's Mine." 

"Show Me what is Mine." 

You get up from your knees and walk slowly over to the counter. I continue to sit in the chair watching you. You lean over the counter and teasingly begin to pull your skirt up. You take your time looking back every so often to make sure you have My full attention. Your skirt makes it up past your hips and leaning fully onto the counter, You push your ass out towards Me, wanting Me to see just how wet you are for Me. 

I sit there in silence for a bit, admiring the wetness I see on your panties. I feel My breathing increase and deepen.

"MMMMMM, I see My sweetness is very ready for Me."

"Yes I am, I'm very ready for You. I have been all morning, since I read Your note.

"So you've followed and understood all the instructions I gave you this morning?"

"Yes, I did everything; I was really excited doing as You asked. I enjoyed it."

"Babe, Do you remember what else I asked you to do for Me after your skirt was pulled up?"

"Yes, yes I do"

"Well babe, I'm waiting"

I sat watching you as you slowly reached for the top of your panties and put your fingers under the lace bows. There was a slight moment of hesitation before you leaned over and slowly started to pull your wet panties down past your knees. You slowly straighten up and standing in front of Me with a slight blush on your cheeks, you fully exposed your smooth pussy to Me and then opening your legs wider you offered yourself to Me. MMMM I do love it when you're showing and exposing yourself to Me that way.

I got up then taking My shirt off, letting you watch as I pulled my dick into place. I walked toward you stroking it in My hand. As I got closer to you, you let out a low moan, to which I just grinned back at you. 

My hand rubbed gently across your bare ass. I always loved your perfect ass. I made sure not to miss a spot, gently rubbing every inch of both cheeks. I pulled My hand back and spanked your ass hard and quick. You jumped. I spanked it again. I could hear your breathing quicken as I spanked you a few more times. Your ass was nice and red-starting to feel warm. I spanked you four more times hard and fast. You jolted and I said,

"That's for teasing Me. Don't tease Me with what's is Mine," 

I spanked you hard one more time. I knew you wanted to say something but before you could; My hand went between your legs and was stroking your pussy lips. God you felt so good-so very wet. I knew you would be wet after I spanked you, you always are. Reaching between your lips, I took your clit between my finger and thumb and started to stroke it.

"You belong to Me babe and this is Mine," 

Then I pinched your clit hard enough to make you moan out loud. I loved stroking your hard clit. Your clit responds so well to My touch-to My stroking. I kept stroking your clit faster and a little harder, giving it a good pinch every few seconds. I reached up and started rubbing your hard nipple through your bra. I just love how hard and long your nipples get for Me. I pulled your bra down allowing breasts to fall free. With your nipple now between my fingers, I pinched it hard almost to the point you couldn't take it. You wiggled your ass and shifted your weight from one foot to the other. Keeping My hand between your legs, I continued stroking your clit fast and hard. 

Your moans, your sighs, you pushing your ass out to Me, giving Me better access to your clit. The way your nipples were so long and so hard, it all turned Me on beyond belief. I felt My own nipples harden as they rubbed against the soft, warm skin of your back. I wanted to fuck you so badly, but it wasn't time, not just yet but very, very soon it would be.

I knew you could feel My dick rubbing against your inner and upper thigh. I kept stroking and pinching your clit knowing you were going to cum. I wanted you to cum so I could lick your smooth pussy clean before fucking you. The more I stroked you, the harder I pinched and twisted your nipple. Then you sighed, you made that sound I know and love so well. You were breathing harder now and I could feel your body tensing. I knew you were there. Yes, you were ready to give it to Me.

"Ohhh I'm cumming, Ohh god yes I'm cumming."

"Yess babe, that's it, give it to Me, Cumm for Me baby." 

I felt your cum flow over My fingers as your hips rocked and you rubbed your smooth pussy over My hand. I quickly moved down between your legs and started to lick you clean. God I love how sweet you taste. I could spend forever between your legs. I took My time licking you, letting you recoup a little before I was going to fuck you so good. I had waited all day to have you and to feast on your pussy. Now it was Mine, all Mine. 

When I was finished enjoying My feast, I got up making sure My dick rubbed your thighs and your lips. I gave you another hard spank on the ass as I moved to the side, so you could watch Me lube and stroke My dick. I watched your eyes get wide with excitement, which made Me grin. You knew what was coming. Moving behind you, I spanked you a few more times bringing the color and warmth back to your ass.

"Turn around and face Me with your back against the counter babe. I want to look at you now" "Play with your nipples for Me baby, roll them between your fingers, make them nice and hard for Me."

I watched you rolling and pulling your nipples. I knew how turned on you were. I saw it in your eyes. I wanted to play with you a little while longer, making you wait and want and need even more. With your skirt pulled up around your waist and your smooth, wet pussy fully exposed to Me, looking at you from head to toe, I softly and slowly ran My fingers over the lips of your smooth pussy.

"Spread your legs wide for Me and put your hands on the counter behind you," "Show Me how wet you are for Me. Show Me those hard nipples babe."

I stood very close to you, smelling your perfume, feeling the heat of your skin on Mine. I brought My lips down against your ear and softly whispered,

"mmm, You're My slut, so wet, so hot, so exposed for Me. "I know what you want and I'm going to give it to you."

I didn't give you time to reply, I raised My arm high and brought My hand down quickly giving your pussy a hard spank. You gasped then tried to move away but I told you to stay standing still. I spanked your pussy hard, several more times. The last few smacks hitting your clit making you moan and squirm and cry out. I ran My hand over your mound, it felt so smooth and hot to My touch. Looking at you, your nipples stood out so long and hard and your pussy lips were red and swollen. Standing with your legs still spread for Me, I could see your thighs glistening, and you were so wet now.

"Tell Me what you need now babe? Tell Me who's slut are you?"

You looked at Me, Your eyes full of need and lust, your breathing heavy.

"I'm Your slut, only Yours, I need You to fuck me, Please fuck me"

I grinned wide at hearing you say those words to Me.

"Yes you are Mine and you're My slut, only Mine. "Now turn around for Me baby and show Me that beautiful ass of yours."

You let go of the counter smiling and turned showing Me your ass and pushing it out toward Me. Wrapping My arm around your waist and gently pulling you against Me, I ran My finger along your lips. You were so wet and so ready for Me. Taking My dick in My hand and pushing My hips slightly forward I let My dick open your lips, sliding slowly from your ass up to your clit. Letting the smooth head rub your clit in small, tight circles before moving it back down. You were pushing back against Me, so ready, so needy, just the way I wanted you to be.

"Ohh yess, Please fuck me now, I need to feel You deep inside me now"

Looking down I took hold of both your hips and held you tight and pushed My hips forward, allowing just the tip to enter you, then I pulled out again and quickly pushed back in deeper. You moaned so loud grabbing onto the sides of the counter as I started to fuck you slowly. A low growl came from deep inside Me as I watched My dick sliding in and out of you. You were moving with Me, pushing yourself harder against My dick as I picked up the pace. Moving My hands from your hips I reached up to your breasts pinching both your nipples. Every time I'd go to slightly pull out you'd push yourself back so I'd be in you even deeper. The harder and deeper I fucked you the more you'd moan and grab the sides of the counter tighter. 

"Yess, fuck me harder, take me I'm yours"

I could feel you building, your breathing so heavy and getting ready to cum for Me. I leaned against you My hard nipples rubbing on your bare back as I fucked you harder and faster. I knew you were ready when you let go of the counter and reached back digging your nails into My sides. I didn't stop. I push harder, deeper, faster until I heard you scream out loud,

"Oh my goddd don't stop, don't stop, fuck me, fuck me, yess." 

The harder I fucked you the deeper you dug your nails into Me. God I loved fucking you. I leaned forward opened My mouth and bit you between your neck and your shoulder. That sent you over the edge. That one spot at just the right moment always does. I kept on fucking you and you kept on moaning. I knew you were cumming for Me again. I was breathing hard and watching as you drenched My dick with a flood of your juices. Soaking My pussy and legs as I continued moving in and out of your tight, smooth pussy.
