 Author's note: Hi dear reader! This story marks my first ever attempt at writing erotica! I welcome all sorts of feedback, especially the constructive feedback. I'm always looking to improve. Thanks, and enjoy! 

***

"Do you like women? Cuz I think you're like, really really pretty, and I'm really hoping you like women."

Those were my very first, very drunken words to Dani. We were at a mutual friend's party, and she caught my eye almost immediately. I'm not the exactly the most bold person in any room, but after encouragement from my friends, and a lot of encouragement from my best friend Tequila, I was feeling confident enough to approach this very attractive woman. She had this style going on that was like a mix between sporty and butch, and this slim, cut body that I was really digging. Think of the female version of Adonis, all muscles and tanned skin. She was a little taller than me, 5 feet 7 inches or so, the same age at 23, and she had her long dark brown hair in a ponytail. At the party, she was wearing these athletic leggings (which made it impossible for me to not stare at her butt) and this slightly large black t-shirt with the sleeves rolled up a little. Her face was surprisingly soft, with a small, rounded chin and an immensely cute nose that seemed, like her shirt, almost a little too big for her face.

I found her whole energy to be somewhat contradictory: she stood tall and proud, yet her soft features and long shirt made her look smaller and more vulnerable. I felt like I wanted to cuddle with her as much as I wanted her to just fuck my brains out.

Turns out, she did like women, and I got to both cuddle with her and have her fuck my brains out. Win-win.

Dani's personality fell quite in line with my first impression. She's a very confident, independent woman, definitely an alpha personality in many respects. Despite that, however, she could also be quite reserved. She somehow is so casually able to delicately balance being commanding and reserved. For instance, she would say something like "would you kindly get me a drink?" with a tone that was mostly polite, but I could always detect this little kick. It would be as if she had commanded me to get her a drink, and asking it as a question was just foreplay. I like to joke with her that she doesn't quite fit the stereotype of the invariably nice and polite Canadian, and I've nicknamed her my Not-So-Nice Canadian, due to her dominating, commanding personality. And yes, she was also the bedroom kind of commanding.

She was so effortlessly good at sex, and she always looked me straight (or lesbian?) in the eyes, no matter what we were doing. Obviously she'd close them or look at what she was doing every once in a while, but it would only be a quick glance before she'd look back at me. She has these amazing brown eyes, and they, like my first impression, gave off this weird contradictory energy. Her irises were huge, leaving the white parts to occupy only the corners of her eyes. Yet her pupils were small, and this dichotomy between large and small was like her whole deal. Small hands, but long fingers; tiny ears but big nose; long legs and arms, but small frame.

Ugh, I could just describe her body forever honestly. But what's even better than describing her body is being under it. She's the perfect dom to my sub. I'm still kind of embarrassed to admit this, but I'm a bit of pillow princess. Luckily, Dani was more than happy with that arrangement. A perfect "top" to my "bottom," you might say.

And you should. Like, you really should, because the sex was life-changing.

I'm even more embarrassed to admit this, but Dani was the first and only girl who's made me squirt.

It went like this: around four months into our relationship, after a particularly stressful week for both of us, we were at my place and eating dinner. We were both complaining about work and how we oh so wanted it to be the weekend, but then more complaining about how far away the weekend was (it was Monday). Not exactly riveting conversation, or stuff that gets my pussy wet. What did get my pussy wet was what Dani said to me after we had finished cuddling and were saying our goodbyes as she left: "I'm gonna fucking ravage your pussy this weekend," she said in that sexy, raspy voice of hers, and then she just left. The sudden shift from soft cuddling to talk of ravaging my pussy left my head swirling a bit, and then it settled into my stomach and below where I could feel my arousal heightening. I smiled and bit my lip as I imagined what my sexy girlfriend meant by "ravaging."

After regaining my posture at my front door, I had a choice: do I entertain my arousal, or do I let all my tension get released during my ravaging? In the end, I decided on the middle ground. I glided to my bed, hand already down pajama pants. Some light petting wouldn't ruin what was to come, I thought.

The week went on as expected. We both were stressed but we kept flirting, which added to our sexual frustration. Well, it added to mine, I have no idea if it ever added to hers. The whole week, anytime we were together, she'd look at me the way she does during sex. Constant eye contact, always looking at me, and with a kind of smoldering sensuality that makes me shiver just thinking about it.

And then it was finally Friday. Dani and I had been texting each other all day. I kept asking her to tell me what she was going to do but she stayed tight lipped. I even sent her a boob pic as a bargaining chip, and still she kept silent. There goes my Not-So-Nice Canadian, keeping a girl in suspense.

When I got off work, I drove like a crazy lady back home to get ready. While standing at my closet, I realized I had no idea what one wears for a ravaging. I settled on what I knew she liked: super sexy leather pants, Calvin Klein thong, black lacy bra, tight fitting crop top. Simple, but effective. I continued to text flirtatiously with Dani as time slowly dragged on. I was about to call her asking her where she was when I heard a knock on my door. I knew it had to be her. I was so excited, I ran to the door and swung it open. Dani just stood there, staring at me. You know what kind of eyes she had on. And she had the biggest smirk on her face I have ever seen.

Before I had a chance to say anything, Dani swept me into her arms and pressed her lips against mine so forcefully I thought I would get whiplash. Her tongue smashed and battered my tongue, eager to taste. We stood there like that for a long time, just making out. Dani broke off and whispered "Bed."

"Yes ma'am," I said coyly before skipping to my room. As I turned, Dani gave my butt a hard smack before sinking her nails into my flesh through my pants. I yelped a little, so titillated was I.

Dani plumped up all of my pillows so that when I laid down, I could easily see whatever she might do to my pussy without craning my neck. She may be a dom, but she's still a sweetheart!

She crawled on top of me, tore my shirt off, cupped my face and resumed her invasion of my mouth. She slid one hand down to my hip and grabbed a firm handful of flesh, a small thing really but one I know turned her on, which then turned me on.

While our kissing had started out frantic, Dani had really slowed the pace down. We'd share a kiss, she'd pull away, we'd kiss again. Every once and a while, she'd pull away further so I'd have to move to catch her and she'd pull away again. She loves to tease me like that. And of course those damn eyes of hers were just igniting my whole body.

The suspense was killing me when Dani sat up. "Get up. Your bra is in the way." I sat up to meet her and she came to kiss me while one hand expertly wrapped around me and unhooked my bra. My breasts, of which I'm quite proud to say are fantastic, spilled out as Dani's other hand tickled one of my nipples. I giggled as she threw my bra over her shoulder like a bride throws the bouquet at the end of a wedding.

Dani pushed me back down and roughly grabbed one whole breast in her hand. God, it was so hot. Her hand kept squeezing and teasing and pushing and pulling. I kept moaning in between kisses as her hand moved from breast to hip to breast again. She interrupted our kissing to suck on and tease my other nipple. I purred in response. I love it when she sucks on my nipples.

More kissing, more groping, more sucking. I knew Dani was teasing me. I was enjoying what we were doing, but this in no way amounted to a ravaging. I found myself oddly patient, probably because I finally had her on top of me.

Her hand eventually drifted from my nipple to the button on my pants. As she unbuttoned it, she sat up to get a better grip on my zipper, which she promptly unzipped. Dani attempted to pull my pants off, but, well, she couldn't quite get them over my hips.

"Lift your fat ass up," she said. I happily complied, and Dani rather aggressively pulled my pants off, and the sound of the crinkling leather excited me. Dani just threw them across the room this time while I giggled underneath her. She hovered over me as her hand started to rub me through the cotton of my thong. Her touch was soft and gentle, once again teasing me and drawing me out. I let out little moans and whimpers when she stroked the length of my slit, then moved upward to my clit. When she started rubbing that, my moans and whimpers were no longer little. I threw my head back as my body had a mini convulsion. Once I leveled my head, I opened my eyes and Dani came down and kissed me, this time a little more intensely.

It's fair to say that at this point, I was incredibly wet. Dani continued to massage my clit through the fabric of my thong. We locked eyes, and she alternated between a hard and gentle touch. She swirled my clit around with her fingers, spinning it in slow circles. She looked down at me, eyes dead set, mouth slightly open. I shivered, bucked, and moaned, to which Dani gave a small smile.

But I was beginning to get impatient. Where previously I was happy to just to have her, I was getting super horny and wanted her inside me. I tried bucking harder to send the message, but Dani pulled her fingers away from my clit like she knew I was going to do that.

"Stop," she whispered, with her signature mix of command and gentleness.

Which only made me whimper and plead with her.

"Please baby?" I begged. And Dani slapped me.

Now, I'll admit I'm into some rough stuff, but Dani had never slapped me before, nor had I ever asked for it. But damn, I wish I had.

Her slap was so unexpected, so sharp, that for a split second I was offended. But looking back at her face, her mouth open and completely still save for her eyes, made me fall in love with her even harder.

"Hush," was all she said. And that dominant act turned me on.

I knew my thong was soaked. I felt it, I totally leaked onto the bed. Dani ran a finger down my length and caught some of my juices. She brought it up to her mouth a licked it. She made a tiny "mmm" sound, then tucked her fingers into my waistband. I obediently lifted my hips up so she could remove the last bit clothing I had.

My dignity displayed, Dani came back down on top of me to kiss me like before. I wrapped my legs around her waist and grinded my pussy on her leg. I soon found one of my breasts being roughly handled by a hand while my other one was inside a warm and wet mouth. I started panting, eager for release.

"Please baby? Please?" I knew it was pointless to ask, but I wanted to taunt her. I wanted her to slap me again, and she did not disappoint. This time, it was even harder.

"Don't speak," Dani said in a hushed, soft whisper. Just as she finished her last syllable, however, she ran a finger in between my lips, up and down, before settling at my entrance.

I gasped for air. I cried out in frustration, wanting what Dani would not give me. She chuckled before sliding down my body, coming to rest just between my legs. One arm wrapped around my leg and grabbed my thigh while her other arm pinned my other leg and my stomach down. Dani didn't want me moving or squirming even an inch. She looked up at me as she blew hot breath onto my pussy. I shivered, trying to reach her mouth but was unsuccessful.

And then I felt her tongue. Oh god, her tongue. For only a few seconds, Dani's licks were small, probing expeditions. Then it was full force, like she desperately trying to lap up all of my wetness. After only a few more seconds, I reached my climax. I had a body shaking orgasm, crying out and gripping my sheets, the pillows, her hair, anything. All the while, Dani kept eating me out, eventually sucking my pussy into her mouth. I felt her laugh against me as I was coming down from my high. After a week of sexual frustration and all of the teasing Dani had done since coming over, it was one of my biggest orgasms.

But our night wasn't over quite yet.

Once I had had a moment to regather myself, Dani pulled her face away. I whimpered, sad to see her go, but the look she gave me reassured me I wasn't done cumming yet. She removed her arm that had been wrapped around my leg and cupped my pussy with her hand. She gave me a few playful slaps, eliciting some giggles from me. She teased my entrance with one finger before pushing through. I felt myself tighten around her digit and moaned. Finally, I thought.

Dani fingered me at a slow pace and with just the single digit, building me back up. My mouth was dry, and my cheeks were flushed when Dani started going faster. Then it was a second finger, faster, harder, flying in and out of me. I screamed, I wanted it so badly, and just as I was about to orgasm...she stopped.

I snapped my head down to look at her and she was frozen in time. I searched her face for some reason, some kind of nonverbal clue as to why she would bring me so close to only deny me. I found nothing and finally exclaimed "Why?!"

"So I could do this," she said smugly. She held of the hand that had just been inside me and held up three fingers. The realization took me a minute, but it occurred to me that Dani meant to finger me with those three fingers. My realization must have shown on my face because Dani gave me a wide grin. She coaxed her fingers at my entrance, begging me to let her in. I relented, and felt her fill me. I threw my head back and cried to the ceiling, the sky, the stars, the moon, my neighbors in the next apartment above, below, and next door. Dani was pumping her fingers harshly in and out. The sound was delicious, and felt divine as I was finger fucked. I moaned in increasing octaves as I felt the power of my rising orgasm. When I came on Dani's three fingers, I screamed, howled even, as I felt euphoria take me over. My body tensed and violently thrashed around on the bed.

It took me a while before I was even able to open my eyes. By then, my breathing had slowed and I was taking in long, deep breaths. I looked down at Dani. She hadn't moved and her fingers were still inside me. It felt nice as my pussy clenched down on them even then. I smiled and laughed, tilting my head back as my joy moved its way down my body. When I looked back at Dani again, she still hadn't moved. I started to get concerned.

"What happened?" I asked in between breaths. She smiled back at me. Then I noticed her face had a shine to it. Well, specifically, it was more like above and below her right eye there was a certain shine. Then it hit me.

"Holy fuck, did I pee on you?!" I screamed, horrified and embarrassed.

Dani let out a sexy laugh. "No, babe," she said as she rose to put her head above mine. "Taste it," she whispered. I did so. I ran a finger along her cheek, collecting some of the not-pee and put it in my mouth. It was very sweet tasting. It was good, in all honesty.

I know that at certain parts of this story I was a little slow to realize things, but come on, I had either been desperate for an orgasm or had just had a colossal orgasm, so cut me some slack. I felt the need to interject because yes, it did take me a moment before I truly understood what was on Dani's face and how it got there.

"Holy shit..." I trailed. I put my hand over my mouth.

"Yup," Dani enthusiastically replied. She started laughing. "You just fucking squirted." I joined her in her laughter at the undeniable truth. "Now clean me off," she teased, and I licked the side of her face before she brought me into a hard kiss. She even licked my lips. "God you taste good," Dani said as she pulled away from me. We laughed some more, as lovers who make each other squirt do.

"Well, my Very Nice Canadian, thank you for a very nice ravaging," I said once our laughing had died down. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her.

"You're welcome...Squirtle."

And so that's the story of the first time I ever squirted...and how I got my brand new nickname.