 This is another in a series of real-life stories recounting some of my early sexual experiences. 

My steady girlfriend, "Anne" and I were relaxing at one of the local parks beside the river that runs close to the city where we grew up. We were both eighteen and were very sexually active for our age at that time in society. We enjoyed sharing experiences with each other, as you know if you've read my other stories.

As we lay on our blanket looking up at the cloudless blue sky, she asked me, "Do you remember that I told you that I was going to the doctor yesterday for my first mammogram and get my female plumbing checked?"

"Sure, so?" I said.

She looked at me out of the corner of her eyes gave me one of her mischievous grins and said, "Well, it turned out to be quite an exciting experience. Do you want to hear it?" 

I said, "I guess, but I don't really see what could be exciting about old Doc Winters poking around."

She said, "It's not Doc Winters that I'm talking about. It's Sherry his nurse. Now are you interested?"

"Good grief, you mean that twenty-something redhead with the big tits? I saw her when I went to my dentist last week. His office is right next-door. Yeh, you bet I'm interested. I get a boner just thinking about her. What the fuck happened?"

"Well, my appointment was for 2:00pm but I got there early about 1:30pm. I signed in at the front desk and took a seat in the waiting room. I got a magazine and settle down for a long wait. But just as I got into an article, Sherry came out and called my name. I looked up and answered, and she said, "Come on back and we can get started. There's some information we need and I can explain what we're going to do, okay?'

"I said, 'Sounds good to me.' and followed her to an examination room.

"When we got in the room, she smiled at me and asked, 'This is your first mammogram and big-girl gynecological exam, right?'

"I said, 'Yeh, I've never had my breasts checked and only the usual period-related exams and questions. My mom wanted me to start now so I'll get in the habit. Her family has a history of breast cancer, so she wants me to be careful.

"She went through a long health related questionnaire. Then said, 'Okay, let me tell you about the mammogram so you won't be surprised. Then we'll get that part of today's exam out of the way. I'll do the mammogram, and the doctor will do the pelvic exam.' She showed me the equipment and explained how my tits would be squished so the x-ray could be taken. She said. 'It's not very comfortable, but it doesn't take that long. Okay, go ahead and take off all your clothes and put this gown on.' She handed me this silly little gown that was completely opened in the back and tied together with a little string around the waist. I got naked and put it on. She watched me while I was doing this. I was a little uncomfortable, but I sort of enjoyed her watching me. I smiled and made a joke about the gown.

"I noticed that she was looking a little longer than she needed to, and was breathing a little deeper and licking her lips."

"She said, 'Well, let's get started. Pull the gown down around your waist and I'll show you how to examine your breasts." I should interrupt here and say that Anne had incredible tits herself. They were C cups, perfectly shaped with large, pointy nipples. The stood out and up from her chest naturally and were very firm. I have seen a lot of breasts in my life, but I've never seen a better, sexier pair than Anne's. In addition, they were very sensitive and Anne would go bonkers when I played with them or sucked on her nipples. She could have an orgasm just from me tonguing her nipples and massaging her tits.

She continued the story. "I did as she asked and slipped the gown down around my waist. Then she did something that I did not expect and shocked the hell out of me. She unbuttoned her uniform, slid it off her shoulders and down to her waist. She unfastened her bra and released her boobs. I gasped as they fell out. They were huge and beautiful. I'm sure my eyes were bugging out and my mouth gapping open as I stared."

"She just smiled and grasped her left breast with her left hand and said, "Okay, I want you to do exactly as I'm doing. This is a self-exam and you need to learn how to do it right. You should do this at least once a month.' She grinned at me, lowered her voice a little and said, 'Actually, I do this a lot more than that and I bet you do too, right?' She began massaging her breast and said, 'Go ahead, do like I'm doing.'

"I thought, this is really weird, but took my boob in my hand and stared doing what I saw her doing. I was really getting turned on watching this gorgeous woman playing with her tits while I was doing the same thing. You know how sensitive my boobs are and how I get turned on. I was getting wet and started really getting into it. I looked in her eyes and saw that this was turning into something more than an exam.

"She returned my look and said, 'Here, let me show you.' She reached out and gently started massaging my breast. She said, 'God, your breasts are beautiful. I love them!' She bent down and stated licking and sucking on my nipples. I was totally surprised and very nervous, but it felt so good, I didn't stop her. I just closed my eyes, leaned back on the examing table, and started to moan.

"She looked up and said, 'We should hurry, the doctor will be here soon, but I've just got to eat you out. I'm so hot, I've can't stand it. You're the most beautiful, sexy girl I've ever seen. Please let me do you!'

"I just grabbed her face with both hands and gave her the deepest French kiss I've ever given. I took her tits in my hand and squeezed her nipples as hard as I could. She gasped and moaned and pulled my gown off. She pushed me back on the table, spread my legs and dove in. Her tongue was going a zillion miles a minute over my clit. I was in heaven! She was finger fucking my pussy and asshole as she ate me out. It only took about thirty seconds for me to cum. I thought I would pass out! I was trying to keep quite by putting my hand over my mouth. My whole body went tense. I was shaking and could hardly breath.

"I pulled her head out of my cunt and said, 'Get up here quick, I've got to do you!' We swapped places and I pulled her dress up to discover she was pantiless. I found myself staring at the hairiest pussy I've ever seen. It was covered with beautiful red pussy hair. The lips were puffy and her clit was sticking out. I dove in and started licking and sucking. I couldn't get enough! She grabbed my head and pushed it into her cunt. She came faster than I did. Her body tensed up then began to shake. I knew what was coming. I jammed my fingers up her pussy and asshole and finger fucked her as fast as I could. My mouth never left her clit. I could her screaming into the pillow she'd placed over her head.

"She calmed down, got down from the table, and said, 'Oh my god, that was unlivable! You've got to know this is the first time I've ever done anything like this at the office before, but you're so gorgeous, I had to have you.'

"She hurriedly got dressed and said, 'Get the gown on and lay back while I get your feet in the stirrups before Dr. Winters comes in.'

I said, "Good grief, that's incredible! What the fuck happened when Doc Winters came in?"

She laughed and said, "Well, he talked to me for awhile, asked me if I had any questions about the mammogram. I said that everything was just fine, and he got down on the stool and looked at my pussy. I could feel his fingers slip in and heard him say, 'I see that Sherry remembered to lubricate you. That always makes my job easier.'

"It was all I could do not to laugh out loud. I looked at Sherry and saw that she was having the same problem. As soon as the doctor was though, Sherry did the mammogram that we'd had forgotten all about so there would be something for Dr. Winters to look at."

Needless to say, Anne's first trip to the gynecologist was a memorable one. Rest assured that she and Sherry became really good friends as well.