 Friday morning was tough getting up. I wasn't hungover but I felt like I hadn't slept a wink. Memories of Julie flooded back to me as my alarm went off, I reached to hit the snooze button and checked to see if there was a text from her. Nothing. I was hopeful but didn't really expect anything.

I rolled over, cuddled Kisa, and smiled as I remembered our kiss. Yesterday seemed to blur by, almost surreal, like a dream. I could still feel the shape of her body, smell her scent, hear her whimper as I tasted her kiss, see the look in her pretty eyes as she gazed at me when we said good night. My heart felt heavy, not with sorrow but with something new and exciting with an unforeseen future. I miss her already and wanted to see her again, and soon. I had no idea where this would lead and I smiled at the possibilities. My sleepy imagination started to run with it, the things we could do, the places we could go.

Stop.

What am I doing? This seemed to be going way too fast. I'm still healing from my last relationship with someone. I still feel anger, hatred, resentment, and I still feel like crying sometimes. That was different, it was a relationship that ended up being based on ego, self-importance, and control, or attempted control. I need to take this one step at a time. I need to know what she wants and expects.

The alarm went off again and I sleepily reached over and turned it off. I seriously contemplated calling in sick but I got up anyway. I slid my feet out from under the covers and sat on the edge of the bed trying to gather the strength to stand up. I managed somehow and stumbled into the bathroom, found the shower and turned it on.

After the shower I felt alive again, got dressed and made the bed, brewed coffee and made my lunch, and was out the door at my normal time feeling more human-like. I checked my phone again when I got in the car, no text message from Julie.

Once in the office I logged into my machine and checked my phone. No text. I headed for the break room for some fresh coffee and passed Kelly on the way. She smiled her pretty smile and said good morning. I replied back with a guilty, unfaithful feeling that really had no business being there.

I poured a cup of coffee and went back to my desk. No text. Well, someone should start this and Julie's probably waiting for me.

I picked up my phone and texted her.