 This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author. This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached, as long as no charge is made for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived or displayed, it is done so with the understanding that the author will have unrestricted access to the archive or posting. 

Disclaimer: This story is a work fiction. None of the characters or events herein is based on real people, either living or dead. It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex. If you are not an adult, or if reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult 21 years of age or older. You also certify that you are NOT a city, county, state, or federal law enforcement officer, a law enforcement officer of the United Kingdom, and that, to your knowledge, this material does not offend the standards in your area, nor is it in violation of any of local, state, or federal law. 

* * * * *

In the late 90's I worked in an Insurance company office in South London. My work was as a computer systems programmer and my duties meant I was often in the office late in the day. Most of my colleagues would normally have left the building by 17.30 and I would normally depart sometime between 18.30 and 19.00 hrs. The reason I write this story is to tell readers of my experiences I had with the office cleaners who would arrive at 17.30 each day to generally tidy up, empty the trash and polish the desks.

As I said most days, soon after the arrival of the cleaners, I would be the only member of staff left. The regular cleaners we had were two women in their late thirties. Now I don't want to be disparaging in anyway to them; they were real nice people, but they were, as we say in England, 'the dirty sort'. By that I mean neither of them was anything other than you might expect; working class, good natured women who both looked liked they had been about a bit and certainly knew how to handle themselves. The short of women that you wouldn't want to get on the wrong side of, but always fancied shagging like hell!

Like I said, I thought they were real pleasant and as soon as they arrived we would swap hellos, ask how they were doing and then they would get on with their work whilst I returned to mine. As I sat at my terminals I would watch them go about their work and often fantasise about them; what they looked like naked, being fucked by their men, giving head etc. However when I finally and actually got to find out what they were about sexually, I was in for a fantastic surprise.

It was one evening in August and I happened to notice that having quickly dusted round my part of the office they had both gone into the stair well area. There was nothing particularly unusual in this since they also cleaned the toilets that were located in this area. However what struck me this particular evening was that they seemed to finish the office very quickly. I hadn't even had time to get a good look at what they were wearing let alone let my imagination run wild. I decided to wander out onto the stairs, partly out of curiosity and partly out of concern in case anything was wrong.

As I made my way past the lifts, I heard a strange muffled sound from the ladies toilet. I walked to the door and listened. It was unmistakably the sound of sex. They were fairly loud groans of excitement most definitely coming from the toilet. I thought who it could be and decided that as far as I knew it was only the cleaners and me in the building so it had to be them. But it couldn't be! What was the chance of the two cleaners having sex at work let alone together. I thought again; what if it was one of them and a bloke. Perhaps their boyfriend or husband had come in to meet them. I listened again at the door and was sure that it was the sound of two women I could hear. I decided to take a chance and gentle push the door open. If I were lucky they would be out of site of the door and would not immediately see me. If they did see me, well then I figured they would hardly have a leg to stand on. Sure they may be pissed off at me catching them but they could hardly complain too much if I had caught them fucking each other.

I gently pushed the door of the toilet open and immediately saw the two women. They were in a cubicle with the door open and slightly round the corner from the door but I was getting a superb view in the large wall mirror opposite the door.

At this point I should describe the women. Both, as I said, were in their late thirties, maybe early forties. One was dark haired, with large hips, good firm breasts and a tendency to dress perhaps ten years younger than she actually was. Her name was Karen. The other was smarter, again with full hips but much smaller breasts. She was the more forceful of the two and her name was Angie.

Back to the view before me. Karen was stood in the cubicle, straight legged, with her back to the open door, bent at the hips with her hands resting on the toilet seat. Her jeans and knickers were round her angles but other than that she was fully dressed. Angie was still fully clothed, stood behind Karen and had three fingers of her left hand firmly inside Karen's pussy. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. As I stood staring, Angie started to pump her fingers in and out and as she did so was trying to get her whole hand into Karen's cunt. She was being quite rough and holding Karen's hair with her other hand.

"Come on you fuck bitch!", shouted Angie, "come for me, come on, come for me you slut. You love this don't you! Don't You! You dirty bitch!"

Angie was obviously running this little show and seemed to be greatly enjoying her dominant position. In response to her harsh prompting all Karen replied was a gentle "Yes, yes I want to be fucked. Please fuck me". as she approached a orgasm. Suddenly her head bucked backwards, her leg muscles contracted and her arse checks closed tight. She groaned in delight.

Angie, realising Karen was coming, thrust her hand fully into her wet cunt and started spanking her arse checks as if trying to wring ever last drop of orgasm out of her. When Karen was spent, Angie pulled her hand out roughly and wiped it on Karen's sweatshirt.

I expected them to turn around at this point and was just about to let the door close when Angie spoke.

"Stay exactly as you are!" she instructed, "Don't stand up and don't turn around. I want to look at your wet slutty pussy while I wank".

She moved a couple of paces back from Karen and then dropped her track trousers to her ankles. Without dropping her panties she put her hand to her own cunt, crouched down, to get a better view of Karen's pussy, and started to 'wank' herself furiously. Again she started to talk dirty, chastising Karen for being a dirty slut and shouting, "fuck, oh god fuck me!" over and over.

At the site of this I could control myself no more. I opened my fly, pushed the top of my shorts down and grabbed hold of my rock hard dick! It took no more than three or four pumps for me to shoot my load straight in through the toilet door and onto the tiled floor. A few more pumps to empty my load and I let the door start to close as I walked away to the sound of Angie screaming to her own orgasm.

Having returned to my desk, I was obviously entranced by what I had just seen. There was no way I was going to let this be a one off and decided that since Karen seemed to be submissive to Angie, it was her I should tackle first. As luck would have it Karen walked back onto the office floor. I decided that I should strike immediately rather than have to wait for a future chance that may never come.

Karen proceeded to a group of desks in front of mine and set about tidying them. I took a deep breath and blurted out, "So you're Angie's fuck slut, are you?".

Karen paused for a second, I held my breath, then she swung round to look at me and simple said "What?"

I could see from her embarrassed look that she had instantly recognised I knew something or had seem something and she look so scared.

"What?" she said again.

I held my nerve, "I said, so you're Angie's fuck slut are you!", and continued before she had chance to respond, "I just saw your little show in the toilets. You've got a real nice pussy there Karen, I'm not surprised Angie likes to look at it whilst she frigs herself!"

Karen, giving up all pretence at innocence, said "It wasn't a show and certainly not for you to see!"

"Well I did see it Karen", I said, "and I can tell you it was one hell of a show from where I was standing".

At this point Karen's demeanour changed and she went very sheepish. She approached my desk and sat herself in a chair just a few feet from me.

"Look, please don't say anything", she begged, "I can't have anyone else know, please"

Before I responded she started to spill everything to me.

"Angie made me do it! A few months ago I was going through a rough patch with my fella. I told her I had had an affair thinking that she would offer me the support I needed, but instead of acting like the friend I thought she was she just got nasty and said she would tell my husband if I didn't do what she wanted. I couldn't believe it. I really thought she would understand and help".

"And what did she have in mind for you to do?" I asked.

She continued, "At first she just made me do more of the cleaning work whilst she sat around reading magazines and drinking coffee".

"So what didn't you just tell her to fuck off and leave?" I said.

"I thought about it but I'm trapped. I need this job and couldn't afford just to walk away from it. Even cleaning jobs are not easy to find at the moment. Also, I couldn't take the risk that she wouldn't tell my husband. All in all I decided that doing the extra work was a price worth paying, at least until my husband and I started getting along better. Then perhaps I could tell him myself that I had made a mistake and that I was sorry".

"Doing some extra cleaning is a long way from what I just saw", I said.

Karen continued, "The sexual stuff started a few weeks ago, when we were cleaning. Angie told me to go into the toilets. I didn't have a clue what she wanted as I walked in in front of her. The out of the blue she said that she wanted to she my tits. I couldn't believe what she was asking. She insisted and repeated her threats. I begged her not to humiliate me like that but she said it was a small price to pay not to tell my husband about my affair and anyway if I obliged her with a show then she would pick up her share of the work again. I caved in and slowly lifted my top, removed my bra and showed her my tits. I thought it was just Angie's way of showing me who was in charge but as soon as she saw my breasts I realised she seemed to be getting very excited".

"Did she make you do anything else?" I asked.

"Not on that occasion. She just looked at my tits touched each of my nipples, then told me to get on with my work. I got dressed and that was that. However a few days latter she made me go into the toilets again. I thought if she just wanted to see my tits again, but this time she instructed that I strip completely. I got a little worried but at the same time there was something very exciting about the situation. Not just the risk of being caught but the humiliation of being submissive to Angie. As I slowly stripped I could feel my nipples hardening and my pussy getting wet. Once naked, she told me to spread my legs wide and frig myself!"

"And did you?", I asked.

"Yes I did". She answered.

"Did Angie do anything?" I asked.

"No she just watched, but she did stay in the toilet after I had finished and left so I reckon she probably masturbated herself". She replied.

"So when did she actually do something to you?" I went on. At this point Karen got defensive and told me that it was none of by business anyway and she wasn't going to tell me anymore. Okay, I may have caught them at it but that was that, and it certainly wouldn't happen again.

I decided to push her, "Look Karen, I can help you here, help you get even with Angie but in return I want to know everything".

"How are you going to help me?", she asked.

"First you tell me how masturbation turned to sex and then we'll discuss how I may help you".

"Okay", Karen went on slightly reluctantly, "it was really just the same as previous times. During our work Angie would suddenly announce that it was time for 'the toilet'. I knew what she meant and followed her. It had happened enough times by now that I just started to undress as soon as we got into the toilet and having done so started to masturbate for her. But a couple of weeks ago it was different. For the first time Angie removed her clothes. Not all of them, but she stripped to her bra and panties and later her bra came off aswell. As I started to masturbate she told me to kneel on all fours. This position of exposure seemed to add to the humiliation and to her enjoyment".

"So what did she do?" I asked.

"She knelt down behind me and started to rub my cunt and around my arse hole with her fingers. It was just a gorgeous feeling to know it was another women doing it", she said, "Then she pushed two fingers into my cunt and the end of her thumb into my arse. I turned my head to see her. She had her eyes closed and was rubbing her own tits with her other hand. She looked like she was in ecstasy. I turned away and concentrated on the finger fucking I was getting. I started to come within a couple of minutes and rode backwards onto Angie's fingers as hard as I could. It was so fucking dirty, just doing it on the toilet floor like that. I came streams. Cunt juice running down my legs. There was so much I was knelling in puddles of the stuff by the time I had finished. The strangest thing of all was that when it was over and I was gathering up my clothes I thanked her. Can you believe it, I actually thanked her for humiliating me!"

It seemed to me that if Karen enjoyed it as much as she said, then why on earth would she want my help to get even with Angie. I put this to her and she said that she couldn't go on with Angie holding all the cards. Whilst she did enjoy the sex and even being submissive she wanted to feel safer knowing that it was by choice she did it and not wholly under Angie's control.

"So", she said, "I've told you everything, so now you tell me how you will help me get even".

"First things first!" I said, "there's one more thing you have to do for me before I help you".

"What's that?"

I didn't need to answer. I just stood, dropped my trousers and shorts and sat back down. My cock was standing fully erect as a result of Karen's story. She looked at me, looked at the glistening head of my cock and sank off her chair onto the floor. She crawled over to me and, without hesitation, sank her mouth over my cock.

I can't pretend we had a really good long session. We didn't! I was so excited that after just a few moves of her head and tongue my prick started to spurt. I pulled out of her mouth and directed maybe four or five good shots of cum into Karen's face and hair. She looked disappointed, so I told her there would be plenty more opportunities for us to enjoy each other. She remained sitting at my feet as I passed her a box of tissues to clean herself up.

"Now as to Angie", I said, "is she honest?"

"Yeah generally, I suppose" said Karen, wiping as much of my spunk out of her hair as possible.

"Suppose?"

"Well she doesn't rob banks if that's what you mean! But I've known her take a few bits and pieces from offices we clean. Nothing much you understand, office supplies, that sort of thing", said Karen.

"Right!" I said, "that's how we start. Tomorrow when you clean this area I shall be in the print room. From there I can see my desk. It the top draw I shall leave a £20 note and the draw will be half-open. If Angie goes for it and 'lifts' the money we've got her!"

"Then what?" asked Karen.

"Oh, then we shall have some real fun but as to the details of what I have in mind for Angie, you will have to wait and see!" I said. 

The Office Cleaners – Part2.

The next day when Karen and Angie arrived I gave Karen the nod and, as arranged, put a £20 note partly on view in my desk top-draw. I then retired to the print room, which had a good view over my desk area. I had previously lowered the venetian blinds and angled the slats to offer a good view from inside the room but little or no view into the room from the office floor. I could therefore see what Karen and Angie were doing without much chance of them seeing me.

Karen made sure to clean desks away from mine to ensure that it was Angie who approached my desk to clean. Angie started to tidy things around and then spotted the money. At first see took a quick look up to see where Karen was and then closed the draw a little. She was being careful not to take it when Karen was around. Karen, cleverly, moved away still further to the other side of the office floor. At this point Angie dusted my desk top and then very quickly slide my draw open grabbed the money and half closed the draw again. I wanted to rush out but kept my cool. I needed her to put it in her pocket to make sure I had her. Sure enough having had a further quick glance to make sure Karen hadn't noticed, Angie stuffed the money into her jean's pocket.

I immediately walked out of the print room and sat straight down at my desk. Angie was by this time a few paces away and started for the door, obviously surprised at my entry. I acted immediately.

"Angie", I said, "can you come back here a minute please".

Angie turned round and confidently walked back to my desk. She was very cool.

"I think you may have something of mine there!" I said.

"Like what?" she replied gruffly.

"Like some money from my desk".

"Do be stupid! Why should I have money from your desk for God's sake!" she responded.

"Because Angie", I said summoning as much authority as I could, "I saw you take it. You took it from my top drawer and placed it in your jean pocket which is exactly where it will be now if we look".

"Fuck off!" she said, as quietly as possible obviously hoping not to attract Karen's attention.

"I don't think so Angie. I saw it all and I can recognise the money you took because I happened to jot a word onto it earlier".

Angie started to look a little worried. "Listen" she said, "Don't let Karen know. I'm sorry and I'll give it back. I won't ever do it again. Honest!"

"Not good enough!", I shouted loud enough to make her jump. "Karen come over here please", I shouted across the office.

Karen duly came over.

"Karen", I continued, "Sadly I have to tell you that I have caught your friend here stealing from my desk and I want you to witness what happens next".

I turned to Angie and said, "Take the money out of your top left jean pocket and pass it to Karen". Angie did as instructed. "Now Karen, unfold the note and you will see the word 'Oracle' written in the bottom left corner in red ink. Correct?"

Karen looked at the note and confirmed what I had said.

I continued, "So Angie, Karen has witnessed that you are a thief. What is your response".

Angie looking quickly back and forth between myself and Karen and started to stutter. "I really don't steal. I'm not a thief. It was just there and I just took it, and…and …".

"Shut up!", I shouted, "Stop trying to excuse yourself.".

"Well what are you going to do. If you report me I'll at least lose my job and if the police are involved I may even go to court. I can't have that. The shame for my family……"

I interrupted her again and told her that I might be persuaded not to report her.
