 Sunday morning I woke up with the most wonderful feeling. The sun was streaming in through the window, I could hear birds singing in the trees outside, Kisa was not pestering me to feed her, and I was warm and snuggly with my lover lying next to me. I know, very cliché.

Julie was still sleeping and we hadn't moved an inch since we fell asleep, still snuggled together. Her breathing was slow and even, I felt the rise and fall of each breath as she slept. I wanted to lay in bed with her but I had to pee really bad and had held it for as long as I could. I nuzzled her behind her ear, inhaled her lovely scent and kissed her gently. I managed to sneak my arm out from under her without waking her and went into the bathroom. 

After flushing I figured I was up for the day and took a shower. When I got done I wrapped a towel around myself and took another one out of the cabinet plus a spare unopened toothbrush I remembered I had in the drawer. I placed those on the vanity and went back into the bedroom to check on my gorgeous guest. 

Julie was awake and sitting up in bed, her hair was tangled and she looked a little sheepish as I sat next to her. 

"Good morning, Lover," I said caressing one cheek and kissing the other. "Coffee?" 

"Please," she said smiling and nodding. 

"I put a towel on the sink for you if you want a shower. If you're quick there may be some coffee left." I smiled. 

She smiled back and I left her to her morning routine. Kisa found me and was making figure eights around my legs as I set a pot of coffee on to brew. I poured a bowl of crunchies for her and heard the shower turn on as I set the bowl on the floor. 

Our T-shirt's were still laying next to the table and I smiled at last night's memory as I picked them up. I found Julie had made the bed and I picked our clothes up, folded them and put hers on the bench at the foot of the bed. I checked my blouse and smiled when I confirmed that a button was missing and there was a little tear in the armpit. Nothing that couldn't be repaired. I hung up my towel to dry and put my panties and T-shirt on, folded Julie's and put them on the bed. 

I cleared the table from our desert last night, put the plates in the sink and the rest of the cheesecake in the box. I dipped a finger in, it really was good cheesecake, and I smiled as I put it in the fridge. I opened the curtains in the living room and looked out. Such a beautiful day, a nice day for a walk at the nature sanctuary, I mused with lustful thoughts. 

I heard the shower turn off and a few minutes later Julie came out looking adorable in her damp hair, T-shirt and panties. 

"Good morning, Lover," she smiled giving me a hug. 

Her close body and braless boobs under her thin T-shirt immediately aroused me. I kissed her meaning for it to be quick but she kissed me back, passionately. I wanted so much to take her back to bed. 

"We better not get too busy here," I said, breaking our kiss and smiling. "We've got places to go today."

"At least after coffee," Julie smiled back. 

I poured two cups and wasn't surprised when she took it the same way I did, just cream. We had a simple breakfast of rolls, butter, and jam. 

"Lori, I feel I need to confess something to you," Julie said, putting down her cup and taking my hand. "This was something I dreamed about for a long time. I've been curious for a while but never really had an opportunity. I've been watching and lusting after you for months, wishing and wondering how to approach you. It was often torturous to come into your building, at one time I even considered changing my route so I wouldn't have to. I glad I didn't. Last night was just amazing and now I'm here the next morning with you drinking coffee. In a way, it's a dream come true. I still can't believe I'm here. I guess I don't expect you to understand."

I put my hand on top of hers and realized I hadn't thought of Kelly at all in the past couple of days. I looked into those pretty brown eyes and saw that there was really something there. For some reason I knew that no matter what our future held we were friends for life. 

"Believe me," I replied, smiling. "I understand more than you know."

I felt like an open book with Julie and was tempted to tell her about Kelly but I didn't think now was the time to be volunteering that kind of information. 

"But, I guess it depends on where we want to go from here," I said, looking at her as I sipped my coffee. 

"I know," Julie replied, taking a sip. "I never thought this would happen so I never really thought about the what after, you know.

"I'm not into one night stands," she said looking at me over the rim of her mug. 

"Neither am I," I smiled, taking the hint. "Perhaps we should take this one day at a time."

"That's exactly what I was thinking," Julie smiled back. She leaned over the table and gave me a long, wet, passionate kiss. 

"I'm sorry I was so rough last night," Julie said looking down in a sheepish voice. "I'm not like that, I don't know where that came from. I'm really sorry about your blouse, I hope I can fix it."

I leaned forward, tilted her chin up and gave her a wet kiss on her lips, "It's OK, Little One. You let loose all that pent up sexual frustration. I really liked your animal side, it was very arousing. Don't worry about it, and I hope to see more of it"

Julie gave me a sheepish smile, but didn't look entirely convinced. 

"In fact, I have to admit I'm going through a bit of a sexual awakening myself and I've been exploring and trying some new things."

"Like what," Julie asked. 

"Remember the pic I sent you where I wasn't wearing any panties?"

She nodded, taking a sip of coffee. 

"Well, I've been doing more than that at work," and I proceeded to tell Julie about the supply room and the racquetball workouts at my desk.

"Wow, you naughty little bitch," Julie laughed. "I have a feeling the two of us are going to have some fun."

"Oh, I hope so," I smiled. 

"The pics I sent you of me in my van was the first time I'd ever done that," she confessed. "Although, I do have to admit I've masturbated in the back of it a couple times after seeing you at work."

"Mmmm... really?" I smiled coyly. "I was really surprised by your pics, wonder what would happen if I was to see you around town somewhere."

We both giggled at that thought. 

"So what's the agenda for today?" Julie asked. 

"Unless you have any plans, I have a fun place for us to go to. It's still early so if we want to have some naughty fun there we should get going soon," I said with a twinkle in my eye. 

"Sounds good," Julie said with a curious smile. 

We cleaned up from breakfast and went back to my bedroom to get dressed. I pulled out my denim skirt and found a blue, pleated mini skirt Julie could wear. She looked cute in it and a pair of flip flops. We both kept our T-shirt's and decided to go braless. 

I grabbed my knapsack and filled it with a couple water bottles, small towels, my hairbrush, my bra plus Julie's, and a couple extra pairs of panties for the two of us. I was already getting excited and aroused knowing Julie had no idea where we were going, let alone what we were going to do. I figured now would be a good time to find out what this girl is made of. 

We arrived at the nature sanctuary early enough that there was only one car in the lot. We got out of the car with the knapsack, locked the doors, and we held hands as we headed down the trail toward the clearing. 

Once we were out of sight of the parking lot I stopped, squatted down in front of Julie and said, "These gotta go."

I reached up under her skirt and pulled her panties down. Julie giggled as she stepped out of them. 

"Well," Julie decided. "If mine gotta go, then yours gotta go, too." And she reached up under my skirt and pulled my panties off. 

The panties got stashed in the knapsack and we stood in the trail kissing and feeling each other's bare butts. 

We started down the trail and I rolled my T-shirt up over my boobs, my nipples were rock hard in the slightly chilly air. Julie stopped, grabbed one and started sucking on the nipple. I took my phone out of the back pocket in my skirt and took a couple pics of her. She really played it up and I got several point of view and selfie pics of Julie sucking on my tits. 

She took her T-shirt off and I took a couple pics of her dancing around topless, grabbing her boobs and pulling on her nipples. I took my T-shirt off and Julie grabbed her phone and took a few pics of me. I took some good close ups of her tiny, erect pink nipples, so sweet looking and suckable. I sucked on her nipples while she took pics and I got some selfies in, too. We rubbed our boobs together, taking pics from up top and the side. 

We were both getting real horny playing with each other's boobs, sucking on them, and taking pics. 

We walked down the trail playing grab-ass, our naked boobs bouncing with each step we took. Occasionally Julie would grab one of my nipples and I'd squeal as she dragged me along. I love watching Julie's little boobs jiggled as she walked, they were so cute and sexy. We both walked along the trail hand in hand, wearing nothing but our skirts and keeping a sharp eye on the trail ahead of us for other hikers. 

We stopped at one of the many rest benches. I sat down and Julie sat on my lap, straddling me. She kissed me deeply, then fed me her boobs. I sat on the bench in the middle of the woods, caressing her naked back as I sucked and bit her nipples making her quiver. I'm not sure but I think I made her cum. 

We continued on down the trail. At the next rest bench I made Julie sit and prop her leg up on the bench, exposing her pussy to the world. I squatted down and proceeded to lick her as her hands caressed the back of my head, then took some pics of her while she showed off her freshly licked pussy. She made me sit while she licked mine and I snapped a couple pics until we heard someone coming. We quickly put our T-shirt's on and continued down the trail. Once we got past the hikers we took our T-shirt's off again and were soon out in the large glade where the observation platform was. 

The clearing was huge, a couple acres, mostly tall grasses with a few bushes dotted here and there. It took us a minute to walk the travel trail to the platform in the center in the glade, still topless, and climb the stairs to the top. The platform wasn't very high but it gave us a good view of the glade and both ends of the trail where it disappeared into the woods. Once at the top I dropped the knapsack and T-shirt in one corner and took off my skirt, throwing it in the pile. I was naked and so horny, I propped myself in the corner and fingered myself while I watched Julie take her skirt off. 

"This is so nice!" She exclaimed as she came over and hugged me, rubbing her naked body all over mine. She kissed me deep, passionately and her hand was on my lower back pulling me in close. Her hand slid down my butt crack and groped its way down to my wet pussy. I shuddered as she reached a finger inside and massaged me from behind. 

Watch the trail," I moaned between wet kisses and the stroking of her finger. 

"You watch the trail," she replied as she wet kissed her way down my neck, bit and sucked on my rock hard nipples and wet kissed her way down to my pussy. 

I moved to the opposite corner where I could see both trails entering the clearing, jumped up and sat down on the railing. I held Julie's hand while I put a foot on either side, my legs spread wide and my bare pussy exposed to the world. 

I reached out for Julie's face, kissing her and moaning as she sucked my tongue. I guided her down to my soaked pussy, she kneeled and began lapping, kissing, and tonguing me. 

"Hold me down," I gasped. 

Julie moved her hands under my legs and reached over to grab my knees holding me in place. That left my hands free while sitting on the railing to massage and play with my tits while she tongue fucked me. 

I so wanted to take a pic of Julie eating my kitty but my phone was with my clothes, she was doing a sweet job with her tongue inside me that there was no way I was gonna stop. I almost wished someone else was here to take pics. 

I felt the orgasm approaching and I let it come washing over me, Julie sensed my orgasm and started sucking my clit. 

"Oh, fuck, oh, fuck!" I cried out, squealing and cumming on Julie's tongue. She held me tight on the railing as my body shuddered through the orgasm. I jumped down on shaky legs as it faded, Julie looked quite pleased with herself at making me cum. I kissed her and sucked my taste off her tongue, spun her around, pushed her to the other corner and bent her over the railing as I squatted down with both hands on her butt checks and licked her pussy from behind.

Her ass was winking at me as if inviting me and I gently probed it with my tongue. Julie gasped and grabbed her butt cheeks, spreading them to give me better access to her ass. I probed it deep with my tongue and stuck my thumb in her pussy, massaging her g-spot. I felt her legs quiver and bang into the walls of the platform as she came, cursing and crying. 

"Turn around," I said as I pulled my thumb out. 

Julie obeyed and I began lapping and sucking her clit as my hands roamed up and down her silky smooth thighs. She grabbed a fistful of my hair In each hand and pulled, mashing my mouth against her pussy and squealed as she came again. 

I stood up and kissed her, she greedily sucked my tongue as she grabbed my tits and brutally squeezed them. One hand founds its way down to my pussy and she began finger fucking me. 

Julie grabbed my nipple, pinched it hard and pulled on it as I moaned and tried sucking her tongue out of her mouth. Her finger pumped in and out of my pussy and I came in an explosion of orgasmic bliss. 

My orgasm was ebbing when I realized we weren't watching the trail. I panicked, cursed, and looked around, Julie too, when she realized our lack of observance. 

All was clear and we giggled and hugged, kissed and caressed each other's naked bodies. 

"This is a fun place," Julie laughed as she kissed me. "How did you know about it?"

"I found it a few years ago when I went for a walk out here, but last weekend I came out for a fun hike," I replied, smiling. "I wish you could have been there too, but I had fun all by myself.

"We should go, though. This place is popular and gets a lot of people as the day goes on."

Julie put both hands on my face and kissed me deeply. 

"Mmmm... thank you for bringing me here," she whispered with a smile. 

I pulled the towels and water bottles out of the knapsack and gave one to Julie so we could wipe down. We got dressed and headed back to the car to find some place to eat. 

We decided on a Thai restaurant in a strip mall that we'd both been to before and liked. Although the tables were small and the service a little slow, especially around lunch, the food and atmosphere was excellent. 

We were seated right away next to the wall and we looked through the menu, although we both knew what we wanted. The place was about half full and our waitress was busy.

The restaurant was filling up and I could tell Julie was in a playful mood. She had a sly, erotic grin on her face and looked like she was up to something. I was really curious as to what she was thinking and was about to ask her when I felt her foot making its way between my legs and into my crotch. 

The tables had tablecloths but were very short, Julie used her leg that was next to the wall but anyone who was paying attention and looked could probably figure out what she was doing. I put my hand down on her foot when she wormed it down to my pussy with the intent of pushing it away but my hand wouldn't obey. I grunted a little moan and made a pleasure grimace as her toe made contact with my panties. 

"Right there?" Julie asked with a sly grin. 

"Stop that," I said to her. I looked around to see if anyone was watching. 

"Stop humping my toe," she grinned at me. The guy a table next to us and behind Julie looked over, I couldn't tell if it was coincidence or because he actually heard her. 

Julie continued to wiggle her big toe under my clit. Fuck, she was hitting me just right, it felt so good and erotic in such a public naughty way. I was getting more and more into it. I scooted closer to the edge of my chair, looked around and pulled my panties to the side so she could get her toe in better. Julie was totally having fun, watching me squirm while I tried to mask the look of obvious pleasure on my face. She leaned forward and squeezed one of her boobs for me as she looked around. A pleasure wave would roll over me and I had to put a hand to my face to try and hide. 

The waitress came up to take our order, Julie straightened and up told her what she wanted as if there was nothing else going on in the world while she continued to work my clit with her toe. 

"Lori, what about you? What would you like?" she asked in total innocence while she wiggled her toe. 

Fuck, I would like to cum right now, I thought to myself. I spewed daggers through pleasure filled eyes at Julie while she toed my clit, she was obviously enjoying my pleasured sexual discomfort while the waitress waited for my order. I tried my best to act natural. 

"I'd like the, oh!" I exclaimed when Julie gave me an extra wiggle with her toe. I tried to give her a "knock it off" look which just made her giggle. 

"Number 14, mild spicy please," I blurted out before Julie could tease me again. 

Her toe hit me anyway, and I jumped a little as I handed my menu to the waitress. She thanked us and headed back to the kitchen. 

"Fuckin' bitch," I smiled to Julie as I squirmed. She just smiled back and continued working my clit with her toe while I tried not to hump it. 

"You OK?" she cocked her head and asked with mock concern. 

"Mmm... fuck...," I whispered a moan. I could feel the orgasm approaching and didn't dare edge it. I tried to appear normal and looked around as my sexual arousal rose. Pleasure waves would roll over me and I had to put a hand up to hide my O face from everybody.

Fuck, the pleasure sensation felt so good, masturbating in the middle of a crowded restaurant, people walking by, murmured chattering from nearby tables, a shout from the kitchen, Julie's toe working my clit, dishes and silverware clinking, a busboy clearing a table nearby, waitresses rushing by with full dishes. A waitress sat a couple two tables opposite to us, the girl eyed me and I tried not to look at her. I took a sip of ice water to try and help calm my sexual discomfort. 

I was so ready to cum and Julie knew it. I snuck in a nipple squeeze and moaned a pleasure frown at the sensation. She leaned forward, looked around, snuck a thumb under her T-shirt and pulled it up over her wall side breast showing her lacy bra. Fuck, her boob looked so sexy in it. She shielded it with her arm while the other hand pulled the bra back exposing her pink little nipple, all the while working my clit with her toe. 

That was all I needed to push me over the edge. Looking down, I half covered my face, squeezed my eyes shut and pursed my lips as I came. I fought to keep my body still and grunted a couple times as the orgasm passed over me. Julie smiled the entire time. 

"Damn, I should have taken a picture," she smiled evilly. "Next time I will!"

"You're a brat," I said with smiling sigh, when I could finally speak. 

"My toe feels like it's soaking wet," she smiled back. 

"It is, trust me," I replied back with a sly smile. 

Our lunch arrived and we settled in to eat, but Julie still had a sly little smile on her face. I doubted we were done for the day, which was fine with me. 

Julie paid the bill when we got done and we headed to my car. I started backing the car out of the parking space when Julie spoke up. 
