 Karen rolled out of bed at 4:10 and looked back at her sleeping husband. Last night after sharing a drink and a cigar with the owner and another guest of the Oasis he had fucked her nearly unconscious and came in her ass.

Anal sex was a rarity for them but last night it was spectacular and Karen came as hard as Jim. She wandered into the bathroom and turned on the light and started to get her hiking clothes on.

She caught sight of her naked body in the mirror and gave out a little gasp as she remembered shaving her pubic hair the day before as a gift to Jim. This was turning into an interesting trip.

She quickly pulled on her short hiking shorts, laced up her boots and wrestled her breasts into a sports bra and headed out just as Debbie silently pulled up in an electric golf cart.

"Right on time," the small dark woman said. "We are getting a good early start so the hike should be great. Jump in."

Karen studied Debbie as they glided toward the outskirts of the compound. She was a small dark woman with thick black hair and piercing light blue eyes. The stark difference between her complexion and eye color created a fascinating unique beauty that made you want to stare. She was just 5 feet tall and weighed just 100 pounds and was very fit. Her shorts rode high on her firm thighs as she drove the golf cart. Her breasts clearly needed no support and clearly had none. Her tight white tank top outlined her breasts with her dark nipples visible though the material.

They rounded the corner of the compound and pulled up to the airplane hangar. "We are taking the little Piper out to the trailhead" Debbie said as she slid the large hangar door open. "You aren't afraid of little planes are you?"

"My dad was a pilot," Karen replied as she helped push the large door open. "I grew up in a Cessna 182 and could fly before I could drive so I am good with little planes."

The two women pushed the small Piper out of the hangar. "This is a Super Cub with a 125 horsepower," Debbie said as the plane rolled to a stop. "The large balloon tires are for landing on sand. We can take the upper doors off if you want to feel the wind in your hair."

Karen agreed and soon they were rolling down the runway and lifting off into freshening daylight. It was already 80 degrees and the wind felt wonderful. As soon as they were airborne Debbie turned the plane and headed straight for the mountains in the distance. They only climbed to a couple hundred feet off the ground and Karen was fascinated by the desert below.

"Do you want to fly her?" Karen heard Debbie say through the bulky headphones. "We have to go about 45 minutes on this heading to the trailhead. Shake the stick if you want her."

Karen flew for what seemed like 10 minutes and Debbie was telling her that it was time to land. Debbie circled a flat spot in the desert and softly landed the plane on the firm desert floor.

They rolled toward a steep rock wall and climbed out after the engine stopped. They quickly reinstalled the doors and locked the plane after they had tied it down to cleats hidden in the sand.

Debbie was unloading the plane and called over her shoulder "Have you ever fired a hand gun?" "My dad made me fire a 22 when I was 12," Karen answered. "But not since then."

"Then you're going to learn something today," Debbie said as she walked up with a small black pistol in her hand. "There are lots of animals out here and if I get hurt you need to know how to use this. You're going to get the 5-minute class."

Debbie expertly showed Karen how to tell if the gun was loaded and how to load a shell in the chamber. She then told her to point it out in the desert and fire a couple of rounds.

The gun felt great in Karen's hand and her heart was racing as she pulled the trigger. The report was quieter than she had expected and the recoil felt great. It was a real rush and a feeling of power she had never felt before. She turned to see Debbie smiling broadly.

"Cool huh?" she said laughing. "I probably didn't need to do that but somehow I thought you'd like it. Let's get going so we beat the heat to the top. You have to carry your own water but I'll carry everything else. We're going up about 2500 feet in just over 4 miles so some parts are pretty steep. Keep up baby!"

"Let's do this!" Karen responded with genuine enthusiasm. She could do 4 miles in her sleep, how tough could this be? Karen strapped on her fanny pack with the two water bottles and headed out after Debbie who had moved between a nearly invisible opening in the rocks and headed up a trail.

If the hill was a constant 11% grade it would not be too tough, but as with all mountains, this one was not consistent. About half the hike was relatively flat and the other half was very steep. An hour later when Karen reached the top she had answered her own question -- it could be very tough.

As she crested the hill she saw Debbie walking toward her motioning to be quiet. Karen approached quietly and saw that Debbie had pulled out the gun and had it at her side.

"There is a big snake just around the corner of that rock," she whispered as she handed the gun to Karen. "You take the gun and I am going to try to get it to leave. If it makes a move to strike shoot it." 

Karen's heart was racing as she moved around the corner of the rock and looked down at the ground about ten feet in front of her and saw a large snake coiled at the base of a rock staring up at her and making a soft rattling sound almost like a purr. Karen's heart was already racing from the excitement but managed to add a few beats per second as she pointed the gun at the coiled snake.

Debbie came around the other side of the rock with a long stick and slowly approached the viper. The snake looked back and forth between the two women several times calmly flicking its tongue in the air then focused on Debbie and reared back to strike.

Karen felt the gun kick twice and was shocked that the noise was so much louder than in the desert below. Time slowed as the bullets kicked up sand as they struck. She saw pieces of snake and sand flying in different directions. The gun felt light as a feather in her shaking hands as she kept it trained on the dying snake.

"Nice shot," Debbie said as she took a deep breath and stared at the quivering sections of dead snake. "It was a big snake. It could have hit me from where it was. You probably saved my life. Are you OK?"

"I feel a little shaky," Karen said as the adrenaline rush subsided. "Between the hike and the snake I think I need to sit for a little while." Now the gun felt like it weighed a ton as she handed it to Debbie.

Debbie engaged the safety and stuck the gun in her waistband as she walked to the face of the rock and reached around into a small crack in the back. Karen could hear the tones of a key pad being pushed and with a click the side of the rock popped open. Debbie pulled open a door the size of a refrigerator and stepped inside the rock. Karen followed her inside the dimly lit musty room.

"This is a Terrain Inserted Tactical Station. It was developed for Afghanistan and tested out here," Debbie explained. "The Army places these at strategic locations throughout the mountains and then our Special Forces guys who are operating way behind the lines have a place they can hide and restock. They call them TITS. The radio signal when they are safely inside and everything is working is that they are tits up. There is a story about three guys who hid in one of these while several hundred Taliban camped all around them. The Taliban used the rock to dry clothes and hang out and our guys just hunkered down inside until they left. This one is a little more comfortable than those."

Debbie pulled back a sheet revealing a skylight. Karen looked around the interior of the rock and saw a couple of comfortable looking chairs, a fan and a rack with some blankets and towels stacked on it. Debbie turned on the fan and quickly the musty air was replaced with the clean smell of the desert. Karen walked over and shakily lowered herself into one of the chairs.

"This is quite the place," she said as she threw her head back and closed her eyes letting the warm air from the fan caress her overheated body. "Complete with electricity. How do you manage that?"

"Solar panels are hooked up to a trickle charger for the batteries," Debbie explained as she moved over in front of Karen. "Sometimes we come up here for overnights and we can start up the refrigerator. For day trips though we don't fire it up. Let's get those boots off and let you relax a little. We will hang out here for awhile and then head back down."

Debbie knelt in front of Karen and removed her boots and socks and started massaging her feet. Karen sank a little deeper into the chair and let out a moan of pleasure as Debbie moved from her feet up to her calves pushing her legs wider apart. Debbie could feel the older woman relax as she applied her best massage techniques to both stimulate and relax her. She was gradually pushing Karen's legs wider and wider as she slowly moved higher. Debbie could catch fleeting glimpses of Karen's cunt through sheer panties as she pushed her legs apart with each massage stroke. She could feel her young pussy getting wet fantasizing about what might happen with this beautiful older woman.

Karen was in heaven. Her mind was completely alert yet completely relaxed at the same time. She could hardly believe that there was a stunning young woman kneeling between her legs massaging the insides of her thighs and she not only wasn't resisting she was getting very wet anticipating her next move. She gasped as Debbie slid her hands inside her shorts and began massaging the very tops of her thighs with her hands surrounding her cunt. Each time she pushed forward the lips of Karen's cunt pressed together creating a wonderful pressure on her clit.

Debbie felt the tension building in Karen's loins. She could feel her pushing back against her hands to increase the pressure on her clit and knew she was building to an orgasm. Debbie could feel her own cunt getting that heavy feeling when her lips were swelling and the juices building inside her in anticipation of sex. She loved the feeling of control over Karen. She pushed a little harder on her clit for two strokes and knew Karen was over the top.

Karen felt Debbie push closer to her core and the pressure on her clit was overwhelming. All at once she knew she was going to come and felt her hips begin to buck of their own accord. Her hands instinctively went to her breasts and she pulled her nipples through the thick jog bra. She felt the orgasmic wave hit and the simultaneous gush of cum into her panties.

Debbie couldn't believe the intensity of Karen's climax. She was a strong woman but Karen's thrashing nearly knocked her over. It was all she could do to hold on and keep pressing on Karen's bucking cunt. As her orgasm waned Debbie could feel and smell Karen's cum. It was thrilling and Debbie's cunt throbbed with anticipation as she gently pushed two fingers inside Karen's soaked panties and scooped up some of her thick juice. She took her sticky fingers and moved them to Karen's lips and pushed them inside. Karen sucked greedily savoring her tangy flavor.

Karen was in a daze as she felt Debbie tug on her shorts and panties. She raised her hips and in a second they were off exposing her newly-shaven cunt to the small dark woman's eager eyes. Karen shuddered as Debbie leaned forward and pushed her tongue between the swollen lips of her cunt and into her soaking wet vagina. Karen let out a moan and gave herself over to Debbie's ministrations.

Debbie loved the feel and taste of all women but really loved this woman. Her juices were thick, syrupy and tangy. Just the way she liked it. She worked her tongue deeper into Karen's cunt until she felt the older woman start to cum again. She smoothly pulled her tongue from her frothing hole and sucked her erect clit into her soft mouth. This set off Karen's second bucking thrashing orgasm in less than 5 minutes.

Karen saw spots in front of her eyes as she felt her body take off on its own again. She was completely out of control as the climax swept over her and crashed on her convulsing body. She collapsed in the soft chair and felt drool running down her cheek and cum running down her thighs.

Debbie stood as Karen's thrashing subsided and she melted into the chair. Her cheeks glistened with Karen's cum and her cunt throbbed with her own desire.

Karen slowly opened her eyes and saw Debbie standing a few feet away. She was completely naked except for her hiking boots. She was a stunning little woman with small athletic breasts topped by nearly black inch-long nipples one of which was pierced and sported a gold stud. Her small patch of pubic hair was jet black and nearly straight. Debbie slowly approached the side of Karen's chair and gently stroked her honey blonde hair.

"I thought I'd lost you there," she said softly. "You did for a minute," Karen replied. "I've never experienced anything like that before." Karen ran her hand up the back of Debbie's thigh and stroked her tight butt. "It's my first time with a woman. I can't believe what I've been missing."

"And we've just started, Lady," Debbie said as she pushed back against Karen's hand. "You have a lot more to learn." Debbie leaned down and kissed Karen passionately.

Karen suspected that women kissed differently than men and she was right. Debbie didn't force her tongue down her throat the way Jim did but rather it was a mutual joining of the two women each giving and each taking in a soft but firm dance with their lips. As they kissed Karen insinuated her hand between Debbie's thighs gently pushing two fingers into her dripping cunt. She felt the younger woman tense and gasp as her fingers delved deeper and deeper into her swollen and ready pussy.

Debbie felt Karen's fingers work their way into her cunt and she couldn't stop the force that was building inside her. She pushed back against the invading digits and knew her orgasm was imminent. Her legs began to quiver as she broke the kiss and moved slightly forward to push her fully erect nipple into Karen's eager mouth.

"Bite it," Debbie said breathlessly as she forced the hard black nipple into Karen's mouth. Karen clamped her teeth onto the eraser-like nipple being shoved in her mouth and immediately felt Debbie's cunt spasm around her fingers. She could hear Debbie panting and feel her cum flowing over her fingers, pooling in her hand and running down her wrist. In an instant of pure clarity she understood why Jim always told her that feeling her cum on his cock was the most erotic thing he had ever experienced. This was power, pleasure and passion all rolled into one exquisite moment. It was pure intoxication. It was a high unmatched by any drug.

Debbie had experienced much in her 28 years but nothing compared to this moment. Her body was primed from the hike and still had some adrenaline from the encounter with the snake which combined to make her orgasm incredibly intense. Her body was on fire and she felt as if it would explode with sensation as the wave passed and she slowly sank to her knees using the chair for support.

Karen felt Debbie start to sink and slipped her sticky fingers from her convulsing cunt. Without thinking she moved her hand to her mouth and started licking the creamy goo from her fingers, hand and arm. She felt like a lioness cleaning her claws after a satisfying kill and knew in that moment she was a changed woman.

Debbie recovered from her orgasmic stupor and helped Karen from the chair. They quickly removed Karen's athletic bra and spread one of the self-inflating air mattresses on the floor. The two very different women -- one small dark Afghani and one tall blonde American - lay down together on the pad and gently, naturally entwined themselves together.

They slowly worked on each other until their passion could not be contained. Karen rolled Debbie onto her back and agonizingly slowly worked her way down the small brown body until her mouth clamped onto her soaking wet cunt. Karen had never performed oral sex on a woman but knew instinctively what to do. She knew what she had always hoped Jim would do and how he would do it and she did that to Debbie. It was less than a minute before she heard Debbie panting and moaning and felt the younger woman's little hands grab the back of her head and pull it tighter against her now-pulsing cunt. Karen moved her hands to her trembling cunt and roughly buried three fingers into her dripping pussy and felt herself cum quickly.

Debbie screamed and cum flooded Karen's mouth as the little woman came again. Karen crawled back up the nearly-comatose Debbie and kissed her sharing the flood of juice that she held in her mouth.

The two spent women lay entangled on the floor of the enclosure for a few minutes before Debbie spoke. "We should get back soon," she said quietly. "I'd love to stay here all day but I'm afraid one more of those and I'd couldn't hike down the mountain."

They quickly dressed, closed up the tactical station and moved down the trail to the airplane. The trip down the mountain was much faster and uneventful although Karen could feel her legs tremble from time to time. She wasn't sure if it was from the hike or the sex but she knew she had never felt this alive before in her entire life.

They untied the airplane and flew back to The Oasis, aided by a tail wind. The pushed the small plane into the hangar and secured the door and headed to the golf cart.

Just before they got to the cart Debbie approached Karen and threw her arms around the taller woman's neck and kissed her deeply grinding her cunt into her as she did so. "I have never felt like that before Karen. Thank you."

"I'll never be the same," Karen responded. "I hope that's a good thing but I know it's a fact. I'm the one who needs to thank you." They kissed again and climbed in the golf cart.

Neither woman said a word as they pulled up to Karen's room and she climbed out. They stared at each other and smiled.

Karen turned and walked into her room unsure of what awaited next but excited about the future in a way she hadn't been since she was a young girl.