 And so we roll on finding out more and more about our stars, the uniform and how clothing can influence and enhance sexual activity.

Regular readers can probably skip the rest of this intro, newcomers need to read it and, preferably, some of the earlier parts. But then, hey, that's up to you.

This is a story about doctors and nurses, and a few other people. It is a long story, a complicated story and a fucking horny story, even if I do say so myself. It was horny for me writing it and I hope it will be as horny for you reading it.

We are now well into the story. So a lot of water has flown under the bridge, along with lots of steamy scenes between the amazing set of characters. 

In an ideal world, a new reader to this story would start at the beginning and read Part 1 first. We aren't in a real world though are we? So, as the story jumps around from character to character and fuck to fuck, I thought a brief synopsis here might be helpful.

The story revolves around sex in many forms. The theme of it is how a doctor treats people who are, in one way or another, sexually dysfunctional, so on one level it is a medical story. All the characters in the story who are not his patients, however, are as equally sexually dysfunctional somehow, so on another level it is pure erotica. On yet another level the story looks at how clothing promotes, influences, affects and conditions sexual behaviour; there are lots of descriptions of sexy nurses uniforms and ladies panties.

The two main female characters are Sammi and Emma, the male lead is Mike. Sammi is a blonde, twenty five year old, beautiful nurse. Emma is in her early forties, she is awesomely good looking with dark, olive skin and absolutely gorgeous, full, heavily nippled breasts. She runs an agency that supplies nurses to hospitals throughout the Middle East and to upmarket clinics in the UK. Mike, a psychiatrist and one of the leading sexual therapists in the UK runs one of those clinics and he employed Sammi though Emma's agency. That is how they go to know each other.

A main theme running through the stories is will they or won't they? Will Mike shag Sammi, who he fantasises about as he has sex with his long-term partner? Will Emma seduce Mike, or Sammi, and will Sammi and Emma get it on?

At the same time, Ronni, Sammi's flat mate, has a series of dogging, forced sex and other extreme 

adventures with her older actor lover and sleeps with Sammi. Claire, Mike's live in lover, seduces his partner, as she has previously his brother and one of his financial backers, even wearing her barristers, black silks and wig, and nothing else apart from black hold-ups to do that. Sammi's great friend Mel has a secret that is being revealed as she and her brother Gordy embark on the ultimate taboo. And Emma's continuously more intriguing role with the Saudi Arabian Al Korensi, family is examined as she sleeps with both the father and his two sons and acts as their whore and the business fixer.

See what I mean about being complicated?

This part is about one topic and two characters, bisexuality and Emma and Sammi.

*

Chapter 1

It was early afternoon when they landed in San Diego after an easy and quite enjoyable flight. They were staying at the Pacific Terrace Hotel, just north of the city closer to La Jolla, and the limousine that Mike had ordered, quickly whisked them up the freeway. As he was having a number of meetings and conducting some interviews at the hotel, he had a suite on the lower ground floor looking out onto the beach. Sammi and Emma shared a two bed-roomed suite on the ground floor. 

After they checked in they all went to the girl's suite and stood looking out over the pool.

"Now that really does look inviting," Emma said.

"Yes it's been ages since I've been in the sun," Sammi chimed in as they stood in the fair sized lounge. "Not like you two lucky buggers."

"What about Barbados?" Mike asked.

"That was ages ago, or seems it."

"Anyway I have loads of calls to make, a meeting at five and I might meet Brad for dinner."

"Oooo get you," Emma explained, "The real tycoon aren't you?"

"Oh fuck off," Mike smiled playfully pushing Emma who stumbled against Sammi. She held her arms out and for a moment the two women stood there holding each other, their breasts almost touching.

"I think we'll be alright alone,....... together, don't you Sam?" Emma asked quietly her eyes lingering on the younger woman, her hands resting on her slim hips.

Sammi felt a surge of feelings. The pang of want, which Emma had intended. Mike stood transfixed; he was absorbed. He had felt that there might be something between them, for he knew that Emma was bi; the threesome in Saudi with the two Thai girls had joined proved that.

"Er, right, I might as well check my suite and get on then," he said being pretty much ignored by the girls as he left their suite his erection growing.

"Well," Sammi said, "which room do you want to sleep in Em?"

Emma had wanted to get Sammi by herself for some time, but circumstances had prevented that. She was determined to have her, control her and dominate her; to make Sammi dependent on her. She had big plans for the nurse. She needed a successor, Sammi was who Emma had chosen to take her place as the whore to the Al Korensi family. 

Emma looked deep into Sammi's green eyes. She didn't move away, her fingers were still resting on Sammi's bare arm, her full breasts just inches from the younger woman's far smaller tits. She smiled and said softly as she pressed her fingers against Sammi's wrist.

"How about yours Sammi?"

"Erm what, um, how do you mean?" The very flustered blonde stammered.

Smiling even more broadly, Emma replied.

"Just joking," as she leaned forward and brushed her lips across Sammi's cheek. "Nice thought though. Come on let's unpack, you take that one." She nodded towards the door behind Sammi. 

After the trip to Heathrow, the seemingly endless tedium of passing through security, despite the club class fast track, the ten hour flight, the, equally endless tedium of the US immigration, the ride to the hotel and the eight hour time difference they were both tired and agreed on an early night.

"How about a quick shower, swimsuit and hit the pool?" Emma said when they had breakfast at 5.30 the next morning, the jet lag messing up their sleep patterns.

Sammi agreed, knowing that they had nothing arranged until the evening.

She had been flustered when she had unpacked the previous afternoon.

There wasn't that much to put away for it was a short three day trip and during the training she would wearing her nurse's uniform. Not the new one, that was not ready yet, but the tight white coat one, the one under which she now pretty much all the time just wore hold-up stockings and a bra. Knowing that, in all probability, during the training, where the parts of patients would be played by actors, that she would be undressing, Sammi had, at Emma's suggestion, brought a fairly wide range of underwear with her. So there were panties of various types: thongs, shorts, French and full, matching bras, most of which were flimsy and diaphanous, in a range of colours from white, through several pastel shades to black. There was even a deep red set, which Emma had got for her, saying as she handed it to Sammi the day before the trip.

"Some people have a fetish for that sort of colour and," she had paused looking right into Sammi's eyes, "you'll look lovely in it."

Sammi hadn't replied as she stood there holding the red bra, thong and suspender belt in her hand. Emma, still smiling and still also holding the lingerie, had gone on here eyes twinkling. "You'll have to model it for me some time."

All this flew through Sammi's mind as she unpacked the red stuff.

Emma had been turning the heat up on her for some time. Sammi was aware of that, in fact she quite enjoyed it, but then what girl with a bi side to her would not? Emma was gorgeous, successful, sophisticated and quite open with her desires. Sammi guessed, though not being that experienced with other women and never having really been "pulled", and particularly not by a much older woman, she wasn't sure, that Emma was bi. 

"But then," she had thought to herself, "what sexually adventurous female wasn't nowadays?"

What she found most odd, though, was that over the past few months as the pair of them had worked more closely together, Emma had not really pushed it. Sammi knew full well that if she had, then she would sleep with her, but Emma seemed to get very near, then pull away. It frustrated Sammi. She was a much more straightforward person then the older woman; to her black was black, whereas to Emma it was merely another shade of grey. To Sammi, if you wanted something, you either had it or, if you couldn't get it, you forgot about it. As with modern youth, most things for her were now, instant, for the moment. Emma, being older, more business-minded, more sophisticated and with some Serbian blood in her from her great grandmother, was a manipulator. Everything was negotiable, you can have whatever you want, it's all up for grabs, at a price, and she had the patience of an expert arbitrator. 

Whilst Sammi was inclined towards casual sex with Emma, Emma wanted more than that from her. Emma wanted total devotion, adoration, almost full on love. She wanted to have Sammi completely and utterly dependent on her. She wanted Sammi to become her total submissive.

For years, Emma had worked for the Al Korensis; an immensely wealthy Saudi family very close to the King and a number of Princes. The Sheikh had helped make her nursing employment agency hugely successful by putting all his recruitment through it. At the time, the family operated five hospitals in Saudi, were expanding rapidly and recruited around a thousand nurses a year. That had made Emma rich, and all she had to do in return was fuck the Sheikh when she visited Saudi and when he was in London. 

Over the years, her involvement with the family had grown. She had helped the Sheikh on numerous acquisitions and other negotiations by "cosying up" to his business opponents and gaining valuable information that he used to secure better deals. In return, he pushed more and more business through La Crème, including putting all the doctors and ancillary staff on its payroll as well as all the nurses. This provided the agency with a multi million pound turnover and a safe and solid as a rock 20% profit margin. She had played a key part in the deal involving Mike's new venture by bringing in some German money from a right bastard of a financier called Korlen Günter. A complete sadist, he had hurt Emma by both beating her and raping her arse with a huge dildo. The fee for finding him, though, made those minor inconveniences well worth while, she felt. 

Emma had provided other favours to the family over the years; the main being, educating the Sheiks two sons, Ahmad and Sunni, in the ways of sex with Western women. She had, as with everything she takes on, done that well, so well in fact that now she was being fucked by both of them as well as their father. 

Now in her early forties, Emma was acutely aware she was getting too old for that side of her occupation. Too old for being both the family's whore and fucking their business contacts, and for fucking the two brothers and dad. Both parts of her job spec called for a more youthful persona and that was precisely where Emma knew Sammi would come into the picture; it was that for which she was grooming the young nurse.

Sammi was totally unaware of Emma's intentions for her, although she did feel that Emma fancied her and wanted to have sex with her, a thought that was quite appealing. Sammi had been playing around as a lipstick les or, as Emma termed her, a dolly dyke, for some time, but had only had real sex with a few girls. Well not real sex really for she had not received or given oral sex with any of the girls and with Roni, who she had been with twice, they had kept their panties on.

She heard a knock on her door as she got out of the shower before the breakfast had been delivered.

"Hi Sam, are you decent?" Emma called out as Sammi came out of the bathroom holding a big, white fluffy towel round her. The older woman was in Sammi's bedroom. She gazed at her. "Mmmmm yes you are decent aren't you?" Emma said smiling, her gaze running up and down the young blonde's body behind the towel.

Emma was wearing a shorty, white, silk dressing gown tied at the waist. It had lapels that plunged down across and over her breasts displaying her awesome cleavage outside the material and the fullness of her great tits inside it. The hem was mid thigh and, or so it seemed to Sammi, she was showing masses of tanned, toned and lithe bare flesh. Looking at the swells of Emma's breasts and the lengths of her legs made Sammi shiver slightly, she could feel the goose bumps starting on her own flesh.

"Have you got any of that cream stuff that sort of melts your pubes, I completely forgot to do my bikini line before I came away?" Emma asked Sammi.

"Er no sorry I haven't."

"Fuck, I'll just have to trim them with scissors then won't I? I won't be a tick."

About fifteen minutes later they were both ready for the pool. Sammi was wearing a yellow bikini with an almost thong type pair of panties, Emma a white miniscule bra, that really hid little of her breasts and a pair of black panties that were cut fashionably high at the waist. Both girls were wearing thin, sun dresses, Sammi's was white and Emma's black and white, neither hid that much, but were, just about, opaque..

"You look lovely, Sammi," Emma said as they stood in the lounge about to go.

"Thanks Emma, so do you."

"I don't have your youth, though darling," she said moving closer as she added, "or your gorgeous slimness," as she took Sammi's hand.

Sammi gulped. She was close enough to Emma to be able to smell her strong perfume, see the outline and slight mound of her nipples inside the tiny bra and almost, it seemed, hear the pounding of her heart. It was happening again. Emma was doing it to her again. She seemed to be able to do it to her so easily. Surely she was aware of the effect she has on me? Sammi often thought. 

The two women stared at each other for a moment or two.

Emma was still holding Sammi's hand. She was doing that on purpose. She was also softly rubbing the palm of the girl's hand with the tip of her finger. She could see the effect she was having. She knew she was arousing Sammi, that was planned, it was exactly what she wanted to do.

"Come on darling let's go." She suddenly announced turning towards the main door and pulling Sam with her.

Emma knew exactly what she was doing, why she was doing it and what she would do next. She always did, her planning was impeccable, her attention to detail total. She foresaw every eventuality, never left anything to chance and covered all angles. Her plan today was to keep on arousing Sammi, taking her to a new level each time, raising her hopes, expectations and receptiveness and then slipping away. Well most of the time, but then one of her advances might well not stop; she wasn't quite sure.

At the almost deserted pool, Emma asked Sammi to put sun lotion on her back. 

Sammi sat on the edge of the recliner where Emma was laying on her front. She poured some of the oil onto Emma's back, mid-way between the waist of the bikini and the bra strap, right on the other woman's spine. Just as she went to start rubbing it in Emma said.

"Hold on a sec, luv," as she reached round her back with both hands and unclipped her bra. She looked over her shoulder at Sammi and went on. "Don't want the oil on my bra do we?"

Sammi had watched with rising excitement as Emma had undone the clasp on the bra and had let the strap fall away from her. She had gazed with even greater rising excitement when her boss had turned to look at her. That had meant that Emma had to raise and turn her body. And that, of course, had meant that most of her breast was revealed to Sammi's eyes. 

Emma was, naturally, aware of what she was doing, what Sammi would be seeing and how the young woman would be feeling. She moved her leg a tad so that the outside of it pressed against Sammi's hip. She kept her body turned, her breast half bare as she went on.

"Do I Sammi?"

That jolted her out of her reverie, nudged her to stop looking and urged her to stop the lurid thoughts going through her mind.

"What? Er no, no of course not."

Rubbing the oil into Emma's back ranked alongside anything that Sammi had ever done for sheer sensuality. The feel of the older woman's skin, the smoothness of the oil, the softness of the flesh and the gracefulness of the curves of Emma's back all combined into one amazingly sensual experience. The movement of her hands up towards the rounded shoulder, across the back and slightly down the sides, near to where the start of Emma's full breasts were now squashed firmly against the bed, sent shivers through the youngster. These were even more pronounced when Sammi slid her hands downwards through the small of Emma's back into her waist and then up the flare of those gorgeously rounded hips and the deliciously full cheeks of her bum. 

The feelings for Emma were equally wonderful. Although this was all calculated on her part, as indeed was nearly everything she did sexually, she still got pleasure from sex. She got it equally from hetero as she did from bi sex, but seducing a woman probably ranked as her most pleasurable activity.

And having such an attractive and sexy young woman as Sammi rub oil into her gave her considerable pleasure. Almost as much as when Sammi had "oiled her up" and Emma had said.

"My turn, er no I mean your turn now Sam."

Sammi was lying on her front. As Emma had said that, Sammi had glanced to the side and saw her standing up holding her undone bra against her breasts, just about covering them as she edged herself onto Sammi's sunbed. Emma perched on the side of it as Sammi had earlier. 

"Keep still," the older woman said her fingers going straight to the younger woman's bra and quickly undoing it. That sent a jolt of sensations through Sammi. Not just because her bra was undone, the sides of her boobs were on show and her back was naked, but also because of the way that Emma had taken control. The way she had assumed she could do that and that Sammi would not object. The way she could dominate Sammi and the way that the blonde would submit to her. And she was absolutely correct with her thinking.

The hands sliding up and down her back were sublime. Sammi closed her eyes and simply gave into the wondrous feelings surging through her. It was like the feelings she'd had with Birgitte, but about a hundred times more powerful. 

Emma really turned it on. She knew this was a key moment. She knew what Sam would be feeling as her hands slid near the waistband of the panties, as they glided up the smooth, slender inner thighs going so close to the patch of material covering the young girl's pussy, as they massaged the outer edges of the cheeks of Sammi's delicious bum and the sides of her small beasts. And she was right. Sammi felt exactly what Emma wanted her to feel and Emma knew that.

But as canny as Emma was at knowing when to turn the temperature up, she was equally adept at knowing when to stop. She knew exactly the right time so that her quarry would be left yearning for more.

Abruptly, Emma stopped. She lay down on her lounger on her back; her undone bra draped across her boobs and pretended to doze off. 

Later they swam, the only ones in the pool. They frolicked like two kids, giggling as they swam round.

"Come on luv," Emma said standing beside the pool, leaning forward and offering her hand to Sammi as the blonde struggled up the slippery ladder.
