 [This story was written for a dear friend with a huge heart and tits to match. It is posted with her permission and deals with her favorite pastime, breast play. If you are into this too, please read on. If you are looking for something with more plot and story line, this one probably isn't for you. CT] 

* * * * *

Leilah's cup of coffee sat on the small table before her next to an opened book. She had already read the page three times and had given up on it. Her mind was just not into the romantic novel. The small coffeehouse was nearly empty this early in the morning and she usually enjoyed being the only customer.

Today; however, Leilah's mood was black. She had been planning this day all month. Her husband was out of town and her son away for the weekend with friends. She had been coming here regularly and had caught the eye of a dark haired waiter. They had talked a lot and joked around about having sex on several occasions and lately their conversations had become so thick with innuendo and double entendre that she had decided to do something about it. She had planned on meeting him here today and when he made his usual joking pickup line, she was going to take him up on it. One could never be positive, but she suspected he would be more than happy to take her to the hotel down the street and spend the day fucking her brains out. She had been fantasizing about it for the last two weeks and she was so horny she didn't know what to do.

Leilah was happily married, but she had a great love of sex and her poor husband could not satisfy it. She was very discreet, but enjoyed sex with younger men and the odd fling with the right woman. She was older now, but still attractive, and her large tits never failed to catch the interest of men and women alike. Today she wore a black scoop neck sweater with rhinestones. It was tight across her bust and cut low enough that an observer could just see the top of her pink push up bra. She had made an early appointment at the salon and her hair was freshly colored and styled. She had taken extra care with her make up and chosen her fashionable black jeans. And all for nothing, she thought bitterly.

It turned out that Rob, her planned companion for the day, had taken the weekend off to go to some concert at Jones Beach. She had toyed with the idea of driving up, but she didn't have a ticket, was unlikely to find him in such a crowd, and even if she did she wouldn't have time to seduce him and get back home in time for her husband's traditional late call, not to mention she hadn't driven anywhere in quite a while.

She took a sip of her coffee to find it had gotten cold and tasted awful. That's the last straw, she thought. She slammed her book closed, tossed a dollar on the table and started to rise when she saw a woman walking into the café part of the shop. The woman's auburn hair was thick and long, and she wore it over her left shoulder, held by a black bow. Leilah really liked a woman with a full head of hair and she eased back into her seat. It was a long shot, but maybe today wouldn't be wasted after all. She had nothing else to do, so she decided to take a few minutes and see what would happen, if anything.

She watched the woman get a cup of coffee and take a seat at a small corner table. The redhead was dressed in a jade green business dress and was out of place among the Beatniks and Goths who usually frequented the place. Leilah racked her brain, but the closest place this woman could have come from was an office building that was several blocks away. She glanced at her watch, wondering if maybe she had lost track of time, but it was still too early for lunch. The woman's face was pretty and she had nice legs and a good figure. Her chest was large for her size, which Leilah found exciting. 

Leilah was still staring at her when the woman looked up. Their eyes met and held for a long time, before the redhead smiled shyly and blushed. She quickly looked back down at her book, but Leilah kept her eyes on the woman and was rewarded furtive glances the attractive woman threw her way. 

Very interesting, she thought, but how to proceed from here? Leilah enjoyed both being seduced and pursuing someone. In this case she realized she would have to make the moves. First, because she didn't have time to get to know the woman and let her make the first move. Second, because the shy smile and quiet demeanor led her to believe that this woman never would make the first move on anyone. That brings me back to what to do now, she thought.

Leilah put her own book in her bag and sauntered towards the bookstore part of the shop. Her route carried her close to the woman's table. The woman glanced up as she approached and Leilah felt a thrill when she realized the redhead's eyes were glued to her breasts. She changed her course and moved to the side of the table opposite the woman. Leilah leaned on the table; purposefully keeping her arms below her ample breasts, she knew at this angle the girl would have a magnificent view of her cleavage. Leilah had planned to make some comment on the book the woman was reading, but the way the girl's green eyes were drinking in her breasts gave her a better idea.

"Hi, my name's Leilah,"

"Umm... Hello, Rachel, nice to meet you" she said in a quiet voice. She tried to return her eyes to her book, but they just kept rising to Leilah's chest.

"I haven't seen you here before,"

"No, I am not from around here. My car broke down on the parkway and I had to get it towed, the attendant at the garage said I could relax here while he worked on it,"

"So you are stuck here all day?" 

"I'm afraid so," she said with a pretty smile.

"So you just going to read and drink coffee all day?"

"I don't see that I have much choice. There isn't anything else to do around here, according to the mechanic"

"I have a suggestion," Leilah said lowering her voice.

"Yes?" she replied. 

Leilah dipped her thumbs into the sweater's neck line and pulled it down to reveal most of the huge expanse of delicate pink satin of her bra cups. The woman's eyes got as big as saucers and she licked her lips nervously.

"We can go get a room at the Holiday Inn down the street and you can spend the day sucking on these instead," Leilah whispered seductively. 

The woman glanced nervously about and Leilah was afraid she might have overplayed her hand. She watched as the woman blushed furiously and then nodded. The redhead closed her book and rose to follow Leilah out of the shop and down the street. Leilah was surprised at her own boldness, but happy with the outcome. Rachel had full and apparently soft lips and imagining them on her breasts sent a shiver through the married woman. 

Leilah was mostly straight; her bisexual leanings were predominantly centered on her love of breast play. Leilah had large, sensitive breasts and she adored having them worshiped. She had discovered that women seemed to give them more of the attention she loved quite by accident, but since then she went after women when she really wanted to have hers adored. The way this girl had stared at them left her feeling like she was in for a real treat today and she quickened her pace.

She led the way down the street one eye on traffic and the other on her companion's tits. Leilah not only loved having her breasts played with, but she loved to play with another woman's as well. Rachel's swayed under the jacket she wore and seemed to be full and heavy. Leilah was pretty sure they were large, but with all today's contrivances you couldn't tell sometimes. Rachel seemed nervous and unsure of what she was doing and Leilah was glad there was a lounge in the hotel, a drink or two might be just the thing to loosen her up.

Leilah was very hot, but she was still very cautious and discreet. She explained to the man behind the counter that she and her friend had broken down, they wanted a room with two beds so they could sleep while the car was being repaired, and they did not wish to be disturbed unless the garage called. He was sympathetic and gave them a room on the back of the building where it was quiet. He accepted cash without the slightest hesitation and gave them both an electronic key card for room 105. 

Leilah led the way into the small and darkened lounge. She selected a booth in back where they were totally out of the bartender's sight. There were only three other people in the lounge at this hour. One man looked to be a business traveler and was nearly asleep at his table. The other two looked like locals, they were drinking beer and playing powerball. Both of them watched her and Rachel until they were seated and then returned their attention to the game, only occasionally glancing towards the booth and the two women.

"Do you drink?" Leilah asked.

"Sometimes,"

"What would you like?"

"Long Island Iced tea, please,"

Leilah got them both drinks and returned to the booth. The more she was around this small woman the more she wanted her. Leilah realized the girl wasn't really that much smaller than she was, perhaps less than an inch shorter, but she carried herself in such a way that she seemed tiny. Leilah made small talk and let Rachel sip her drink and relax. It wasn't long before the woman's blue eyes returned to Leilah's bust.

The adoring, almost reverent expression on her face, sent Leilah's blood racing. She moved closer to the petite woman, until their hips were touching, the whole while acting as if she were trying to get a better view of the television over the bar.

"That's better."

"Can you see now?" Rachel asked. Leilah turned slightly and the outside of her breast pressed against the outside of Rachel's. The girl's eyes shot instantly to Leilah's neckline. 

"I was making sure you could," Leilah said and smirked when the girl's face went crimson. Even when blushing Rachel could not seem to tear her eyes away from Leilah's chest.

"You like these don't you?" Leilah said as she moved her upper body causing her heavy breasts to sway.

Rachel could only nod and take a large gulp of her drink. She looked as if she was aching to just touch them and Leilah glanced around the room. The businessman had left, and the two locals were now watching sports center.

"Want to go someplace more private?"

"Yes, I would."

Leilah nodded, tossed a tip on the table and led the way around to the back of the hotel and room 105. The hotel room was furnished in typical style. Two large beds with ugly green comforters, two nightstands, two dressers, beige walls and green carpet made it seem very ordinary, but Leilah was too excited to admire the decor. Her entire attention was focused on the redhead who was standing in front of her. Rachel had her back to Leilah and was surveying the room. Leilah moved closer and wrapped her arms around the woman's waist, pulling her close she gently nuzzled the soft skin of her neck. 

Rachel started at her touch, but moaned softly and relaxed in her arms. Her skin was soft and she smelled faintly of strawberries. Leilah continued to nuzzle her neck and brush her lips over the sensitive skin while her hands slowly slid under the jacket. Leilah was pleasantly surprised to find that the blouse underneath was silk, her fingers moved ever upward until they encountered the domes of the girl's breasts. Leilah could feel the material of her bra under the blouse, it was heavy, but judging by the way the blouse slid over it, it was satin. She gently nibbled on the redhead's shoulder where it joined her neck while spreading her fingers to cup her breasts. The jacket restricted her movements somewhat, but she easily found the rapidly hardening nipples with her palms.

"Why don't we get you a little more comfortable?" she whispered in the girl's ear. Rachel nodded but made no effort at all to undress so Leilah reluctantly released her breasts and slipped her hands out from under the jacket. The three black buttons gave easily and as she pulled the jacket back Rachel let her arms reach back so it would slide off easily. The redhead's blouse was a cream color, Leilah noticed as she tossed the jacket onto the nearest bed and transparent enough to see the straps of her bra through. Rachel turned to face her before the married woman could get her arms back around her. 

Leilah stood and watched, wanting to know what the smaller woman would do. Rachel's nipples were hard, making small tents in the creamy fabric of her blouse. The brief contact had caused Leilah's own nipples to harden and she noticed that there were similar tents in the fabric of her sweater. The redhead stepped hesitantly forward, her eyes glued to Leilah's chest. She started to reach out, but her hands hesitated and then withdrew.

"It's all right baby, go ahead," Leilah coaxed. The girl's hand moved out again, and her fingertips brushed Leilah's sides. The contact was so soft the married woman could barely feel it, but in the state she was in it still felt wonderful. 

"Mmmmmmmm, that's nice."

That little bit seemed to put the girl over the top, her fingers became bolder, stroking up Leilah's sides and then brushing the outsides of her large breasts. Leilah felt herself shiver, the woman's touch was incredibly gentle. Leilah reached out and gently stroked Rachel's arms. Leilah delighted in the silken texture and found the contrast between her olive fingertips and the girls pale arms highly erotic. She moved closer and the girl's arms slipped around her waist, while her own moved up to Rachel's shoulders. They were standing close now and their breasts were so close a deep breath on either of their parts would have brought contact. Leilah traced her fingertips along the girl's shoulders and then behind her neck where she applied a gentle pressure. 


Rachel moved against her then, pressing her breasts into Leilah's and causing a wonderful sensation to shoot through her. She could feel the shorter woman's hard nipples pressing against the undersides of her own breasts and wished there was not so much cloth between them. Rachel looked up expectantly and Leilah dipped her head to bring their lips together. Rachel's lips were as soft as they looked and parted when Leilah thrust her tongue out. Her mouth was warm and wet and tasted of coke-a-cola. Leilah probed and explored with her tongue, while the smaller woman's tongue slipped back and forth over her own.

Leilah let her hands slide down to the girl's ass and gently squeezed the soft globes of flesh. Her fingers explored a bit and then she moved along the waist of the jade skirt. When she felt the cool metal of the zipper she eased it down. Rachel's hands were busy as well, stroking Leilah's back and shoulders. The skirt slid down, caught for a moment on her garters and then fell to the floor around her feet. Leilah's hands returned to the girl's ass, with the skirt out of the way she could feel the heat radiating through the soft, silky material of her companion's panties. Leilah also felt the lace of Rachel's garterbelt on her wrists, she longed to take a look, but wasn't about to break the sensuous kiss.

Leilah took a step forward, the motion broke the contact of their lips, but Rachel moved her head forward and captured Leilah's lower lip gently between her teeth. A stab of white-hot pleasure shot through Leilah's system when she felt the girl's tongue swirl over the captured lip. Leilah forced her own tongue against Rachel's lips and the kiss was reestablished when the redhead released Leilah's lip and sucked the larger woman's tongue back into her mouth. Leilah took another tiny step, but this time the girl seemed to know what she wanted and allowed herself to be maneuvered to the edge of the bed. Their tongues continued to swirl around one another producing warm feelings in Leilah's belly. The girl's calves were pressed back against the bed now, but she seemed oblivious of it and continued to suck and lick at Leilah's tongue.

Leilah gave Rachel a gentle push and she sat heavily on the bed. The married woman smiled and stepped back so she could get a good look at Rachel. The smaller woman's legs were indeed beautiful, encased in sheer black stockings with lace at the tops. Her garterbelt was green satin, trimmed in a fine black lace and green French cut panties covered her mound. These were damp and clung to the woman's vulva making it seem very prominent. 

Leilah caught the hem of her sweater and tugged it over her head, tossing it in the general direction of the other bed where she had thrown Rachel's jacket. The redhead's breath caught in her throat with an audible gasp when Leilah's large breasts, covered only by the pink satin bra were revealed. The married woman smiled, moved to the edge of the bed and placed a knee on one side of the smaller woman. When Leilah leaned forward to put her other knee on the bed, Rachel fell onto her back, allowing Leilah to straddle her hips. 

Leilah's hands ended up on the bed, one above each of Rachel's shoulders. She had a perfect view of her companions face and the absolutely rapt expression on it. Rachel's hands tentatively moved to Leilah's breasts, gently tracing along the outsides of them with just her fingertips. The contact was electric, gentle but sensuous and it fueled Leilah's lust. She wanted to rip off her bra and feel those small hands on her bare skin, but refrained. Leilah had the feeling this could be an encounter she would long remember, if she could just be patient. Rachel's gentle touch and obvious love of her tits could mean a lot of pleasure, if she didn't let her hormones run away with her and ruin the mood.

Leilah's affairs were usually spontaneous things and she always felt the underlying urgency in them to do the deed, escape and avoid being caught. This time she had planned it carefully and although this was not the person she had hoped to be with, she did have the whole day. Something told her that she would be glad of it, for the smaller woman seemed to be the type who would take a lot of time.

Rachel's hands slid under her breasts and gently hefted them, apparently reveling in their size and weight. When she gently squeezed them with both hands Leilah gasped in delight. Those small gentle hands began to knead her breasts through her bra and Leilah felt herself begin to get wet. She removed one hand from the bed and caught the hem of Rachel's blouse, she tugged it up until it was bunched around the smaller woman's neck. Rachel's hands and eyes never left her breasts, and Leilah had trouble taking hers off the girls face. She had a faraway expression that was wistful and at the same time captivating. 

When she finally did manage to take her eyes of the girl's face she wasn't sorry. Rachel's breasts were full and round, sculpted into twin domes by the jade green satin of her bra. Her skin was milky white and the green set it off beautifully with her auburn hair and blue eyes. Leilah wanted to reach down and touch them, but the smaller woman's hands were in the way so she closed her eyes and concentrated on the sensation instead.

The redhead's hands continued to gently squeeze the tender flesh of her tits. At first she would work deeply into them and then just lightly squeeze. Her hands slipped slowly around the outsides, to the tops of Leilah's breasts and when the older woman felt the warm, bare flesh of her younger lover she shivered. Rachel's hands slid slowly down the slopes of her tits, until the heels of her hands raked across Leilah's sensitive nipples. The hard buttons felt as if they jumped and Leilah gasped. Rachel settled her palms over Leilah's aching nipples, making tiny pockets in each palm and when she squeezed this time it felt to Leilah like her nipples were being pulled from all sides at once. The younger woman continued to gently squeeze and Leilah thought she might come right there, it felt almost as if tiny, satiny mouths were sucking her nipples.
