 It had been two weeks since Amanda had fucked Sean. She had always wanted to fuck him in high school, but she was not sure if he was into her. She had the hot mom and most guys would go gaga over her mother and would date her. Sean did not though. He never mentioned her mother. She had always wondered though because of the way he would look at her. She had often thought to that time that they were in chorus class and had danced. She felt there was more to it. Then there was the cheering he had done, but she was raised in a traditional manner and he had never asked her out.

The last three years of her marriage had been rocky. She had given birth to an amazing daughter. Her husband though had pulled further away. Keith was very into golf and good at it. He worked a 9-5 and spent most nights and weekends at the golf course. This was never what she had signed up for. She couldn't even remember the last time they had fucked and could hardly think of when she had last been touched, well that is by Keith. 

She kept playing the final conversation back and forth in her head from last week. The words that echoed into her mind as she could recall feeling Sean's warm cum leak from her very satisfied pussy. The words that along with the mind-blowing fuck session had made her soul feel satisfied too. Being raised Catholic, she had always thought the relationship that would fulfill her was having a husband and kids. Now, what was she thinking? The slight confusion of it all had been why she had waited two weeks, but that damn conversation just kept playing back in her mind.

"We should have done that years ago," Amanda said.

"Yes, we should have" Sean agreed. "What do we do now though?"

She answered, "I don't know. I have not loved Keith in a while now and we have not been able to have a second child. Now I will get to see if it is me or him."

"Cleo and I have often talked about having another person in our relationship and that if we did it would have to be like a permanent thing and live in" Sean answered. "I would want it to be a situation where we could fuck together as three or just two at a time, to include you and Cleo if you wanted."

"I would be ok with that" Amanda answered.

"Yeah, I'm just not certain how Cleo will feel especially with this happening first" I responded.

Amanda said, "Let me handle that I think I have a plan."

She did have a plan and she was not sure how she was going to go about it. She was not sure if it would work, but she had to move now. She was currently a few days late for her period and she wanted to at least enact the plan before she knew if she was pregnant or not. She had Cleo's number and had wanted to call her before to get together with Cleo and her daughters to let them hang out. 

The part not too many knew about was her times when she was in college, those nights that while intoxicated she had become intimate with other girls. Keith didn't even know of those nights. Her plan was to call Cleo set up a time to hang out and then get her to make love with her. Sean had mentioned their interest in a threeway, if she could only get Cleo to fuck her, then she could mention what had happened and propose a modern different type of arrangement. 

The next day

She held the phone patiently to her ear as it rang. Finally, it sounded as if the person on the other end had picked up.

"Hello!" Cleo answered.

"Hey, girl! It's Amanda!" she replied.

"Oh hey how a doing?" Cleo responded.

"Not bad! Hey I had a question. What are you up to tonight?" 

Cleo answered, "Nothing! Sean has to work tonight and the girls are going to their grandmother's house!"

Amanda was a bit relieved, "Well what do say to dinner tonight and then going back to one of our places? I know we don't know each other well but I need someone to talk to and I kind of need someone who will not be biased."

Cleo responded, "Sounds great! Maybe 6 PM."

"Perfect!" Amanda responded.

They hung up and Amanda thought to herself, phase 1 complete.

Cleo arrived at Amanda's house at 5:45 PM. Amanda suggested maybe they Uber as she could really use some drinks. They went to a great local joint that made the drinks just right and Amanda was buying and made sure Cleo was just a little tipsy. When they were finished with dinner, they rode back to Amanda's house. 

Cleo said, "I don't think I am going to be able to drive home. Hey, by the way, didn't you have something on your mind."

Amanda responded, "Well you can stay here. It's not like Keith is coming home. He is out of town with golf. That is what I wanted to talk to someone about. For three years now I have been in an unsatisfied marriage. My mom and everyone else just wouldn't understand."

Almost on cue, the tears began to flow. Cleo grabbed a tissue from the box on the table and leaned in to wipe a tear and hug Amanda. Amanda accepted the hug and the tissue. 

Amanda said, "I just want to be held and loved! I saw those photos of you and Sean and they scream love!" 

Cleo hugged her tighter. Amanda could feel herself getting wet and she was almost sure that Cleo's nipples, who she had not realized before was braless, had stiffened. She sighed a happy sigh into Cleo's chest and began to play in her hair. She heard Cleo's breath catch a bit and what she thought might be a biting of her lip. Cleo shifted and her nipples were now poking through her shirt quite prominently. Amanda slid a hand up Cleo's torso, up the side of her core and lightly rubbed across her front and against the nipple. This time there was definitely a moan. Amanda took this opportunity to move in for a kiss, rubbing fully Cleo's right breast. She reached up the shirt and touched bare skin and Cleo slightly tried to hesitate. Instead, she reciprocated by kissing into Amanda and beginning to play with Amanda's boobs. They moved to Amanda's bedroom and began to undress. Amanda walked up rubbed Cleo's pussy making sure to rub hard against her clit. She slid a finger into her pussy and began to finger her. Cleo responded with lying down on the bed and they began to rub their pussies together, tribbing. Cleo then turned Amanda over and began eating her. She had felt Sean do this 1000 times. Amanda was writhing in pleasure. They both took turns orgasming and fucking until they passed out.

Cleo woke to the sound of clanking in the kitchen. She could smell breakfast being made and the distinct smell of bacon and coffee. As she sat down, Amanda walked over and she said, "Ok we have to talk after last night!"

Cleo nodded!

Amanda continued, "That was amazing. Truth be told that and the experience I had two weeks ago is just mind blowing. You see two weeks ago Sean and I fucked. I had gotten to talking to him same as we did and one thing led to another and we fucked. He came in me and I honestly have not gotten my period yet. I am excited because for three years, when I could get Keith to have sex we have been trying for another kid. I want to become another wife to Sean. I want us to forge a modern family. I want to be your partner in crime and I want to have another baby if it is possible."

Cleo sat in shock and when Amanda finished, "YOU FUCKED MY HUSBAND!!"

Amanda replied, "Yes!"

Cleo calmed down and she thought about the night before and how amazing it had been. She had never thought she would enjoy being with a woman. Growing up religious you just didn't fuck women. But even now as she thought about last night she shivered and felt her cheeks flush. She was so conflicted as she thought about the night her slit moistened and she could feel Amanda's tongue move between her lips. At the same time she was angry and betrayed feeling, but how could she feel betrayed? She too had done the betraying because Sean didn't know about this.

Cleo asked, "So last night was planned?"

Amanda nodded, then she cleared her throat and began to tell Cleo everything. As Cleo listened she really understood, Sean had loved Amanda since childhood and she knew that was never extinguished. The pain of him not telling her still stung. She was almost not listening to Amanda right now as she recounted in semi-graphic detail their sex. She was also getting even more turned on by the way it was being described. She knew how Sean fucked and he wasn't a bad fuck, never had been. She could almost see it in her mind, she was really fucking wet right now too and could feel her cheeks flushing more and more as her passion built. Then she heard the end of the story where Sean had asked what to do and Amanda said she thought she had a plan. Amanda began apologizing for taking so long to call her. She said she had tried and just chickened out. Cleo then heard Amanda chuckle a little, she was almost upset and then she looked at Amanda who had been turned around before and now had eyes locked on Cleo's pussy. Cleo did not realise it but she was full on rubbing one off right there at the breakfast table. Cleo watched as Amanda started rubbing her pussy too and in minutes they had both pulled the sleep shirts they were in to the side as they furiously rubbed their own clits and began to moan.

After they orgasmed, Cleo looked at Amanda and said, "I think this can work, I wish it had started out with more openness and honesty. To be fair Sean never stopped loving you, so I am not surprised it happened. On top of that you are beautiful so why not fuck you when he had the chance? I think though what should do is surprise him with a three-way. We will make him think..." Cleo went on with the full plan.

When she was finished, Amanda was grinning from ear to ear and she nodded. "She responded with that sounds fucking amazing! He is never going to know what hit him!"

The two went back upstairs for one more romp. They both found that they liked tribbing as it gave good engagement with each other and the smooth thighs rubbing against each other's pussy was perfect! Cleo was surprised at how comfortable she was going down on another woman as she had never thought she would enjoy it. She noticed how intoxicating the scent of Amanda was with that spicy, floral smell. She now understood what Sean had been saying all these years about her scent and how he could just breathe it in. She also now understood how Sean could know she was excited just being close even with clothes on. She couldn't wait to try licking his cock as it was sliding in and out of this pussy,. She was just hoping she could pull off the plan they had worked out. If not it would still be fun!