 Kim switched lanes and decelerated quickly while her eyes searched for some sign to indicate which exit she was approaching. She hated driving in Jersey and avoided it whenever possible. Between convoluted roads, a state government that was too idiotic to place road signs and drivers who got their licenses from a cereal box she always ended up frazzled by the time she got where she was going. Her job required her to travel, but for the most part she only had to brave the rude drivers in New York. At least they knew how to mark exits in her adopted home state while here she was forced to go on a wing and a prayer most of the time.

She switched back into traffic and the big SUV accelerated smoothly. Kim flipped on the console light and leafed through the three-page print out from the computer. Thank god for the Internet, she though as she read through the step-by-step instructions. She slowed again at the next exit and finally found a sign that she could read, the exit number was wrong, but she could see the tall hotel already so she tossed her instructions into the passenger seat and exited. It still took her twenty minutes to get to the hotel, but she finally found her way into the parking lot. Snow was piled into miniature mountains and it took her a few minutes to find a space where the plows had been. The parking lot was full of cars with New York plates, many she recognized as friends and co-workers from her facility.

Kim grabbed both of her bags and climbed out of the big SUV. She was thankful that she had managed to get a room for the night, the annual party usually lasted well into the morning and she did not want to have to make the three-hour drive back home. She was also able to wear warm clothes on the drive down rather than her party dress. As she walked out of the lot the cold wind whipped and swirled around her and she was thankful for the thermals and her heavy coat. Her boots made scrunching sounds as she trudged through the knee-deep snow towards the hotel lobby. By the time she entered the sliding glass doors she felt like a Popsicle.

The lobby was filled people who were milling around or sitting in the comfortable chairs near the giant fireplace. The women wore everything from beautiful formal gowns to dresses that would have been more appropriate to a Manhattan strip club. Some of the men wore suits, but the vast majority wore jeans and button down shirts. Kim reached the front desk and handed the clerk her reservation, id and credit card. With her union discount the room was under 100$ for the night. The woman behind the counter gave her the room key and a small brochure with all of the hotel's amenities listed on it. Kim headed towards the elevators greeting friends as she went.

Kim rode the glass elevator up, watching the snow covered ground fall away beneath her. In the distance she could see the lights of the George Washington Bridge. Somewhere across that bridge her husband Burt was probably just now getting dressed to go to his company's office party. Burt was a successful lawyer and his firm always held their office party in a swank hotel in the city. Kim worked for the state and was never comfortable around his ritzy friends, she was much happier among the working class members of her union.

Seven years of marriage and two children had slowly killed their passion for one another. She woke up one day to realize her mother had been right, they really had nothing in common. The fact that they were going to be apart this new years, each with their friends caused her not an inconsiderable amount of anxiety. Burt seemed unaware of her restlessness and it only served to fire her growing anger and feeling that he simply took her for granted and paid her no mind most of the time. Arguments had become a daily occurrence with him and he had grown ever more distant over the last year. Time and again she had tried to spice up their love life and each failure to capture his interest became another blow to her self-esteem.

The elevator glided to a halt and Kim stepped off onto the 15th floor landing. It was beautifully decorated in marble tile and red carpets. Several tasteful landscapes in gilt frames were hung along the hallways that led off in opposite directions from the lobby. Kim found 1517 and slipped her key into the electronic lock. When the little light flashed green she opened the door and stepped in, carefully closing it behind her.

The room was beautiful and almost too tasteful for her liking. A chestnut armoire held a large television and game console with built in VCR. The queen bed had a soft green comforter that complimented the deeper green of the carpet and walls. A writing desk and comfortable looking recliner sat in front of the large plate glass window that made up one entire wall of the room. The view was magnificent, if you liked parking lots and air conditioners. What did you expect for a hundred bucks? she asked herself.

Nightstands on either side of the bed held lamps and writing pads along with a room service menu and phone book. On the table next to the recliner she found a bucket for ice and four glasses with paper tops. Kim sat her bags down and opened the door to the bathroom. It was finished in faux marble tile and beige walls with gilt molding. The tub was huge and she looked at it longingly, for the chill of the night was still on her.

Kim turned the brass handles and watched for a moment as steaming water began to fill the tub. She unwrapped one of the red bath beads and tossed it into the hot water before going to unpack. Kim carefully hung up the black dress she intended to wear and tossed her underwear and the clothes she planned to wear on the drive home into the middle drawer of the armoire. She carried her makeup bag and bathroom bag into the bathroom with a smile on her pretty face.

The small room was already full of steam and the delicious aroma of strawberries. Kim killed the water and retrieved her bath gel, squishy and shampoo from her bag and set them on the edge of the tub along with her razor and shaving cream. Kim eyed the luxurious bubbles with an expression that bordered on euphoria. She loved a hot bath and actually kept her health club membership for the Jacuzzi more than anything else. Something about the total relaxation of soaking in a hot bath always turned her on and made her feel sexy and refreshed.

Kim sat on the toilet and quickly pulled off her heavy boots and wool socks. The floor was damp and warm and felt good on her stiff feet. She pulled off the fleece top and thermal undershirt at once and peeled off the tight jeans she wore. Next her panties and thermal bottoms hit the floor and lastly her bra. The mirror was covered in steam so she didn't even have to look at her reflection before she turned back to the inviting tub.

The water was so hot it felt like her feet were on fire but she quickly squatted and sat down heavily. Her butt and lower back immediately began to itch from the hot water but she gripped the side of the tub and slowly laid back. As the warm water covered her body she felt the pins and needles sensation that preceded the deep relaxation she knew was coming. She felt the tension, the frustration of the drive down, and the remnants of the bone chilling cold melt away leaving her feeling utterly limp and content.

Kim soaked for over an hour until the water was only luke warm. She then lathered up her legs and carefully shaved them. Kim's legs were long and still muscular from her years of playing volleyball and since she planned on wearing stockings she wanted them to be as smooth as possible. Once done she let the water out of the tub and turned on the shower. Under the hot spray she shampooed her hair and thoroughly rinsed it before shaving her pits and washing herself once more with the bath cloth and soap the hotel provided.

She dried herself briskly before wrapping a towel around herself and another around her long dark hair. She walked out and layback on the bed, utterly relaxed and almost fell asleep right there. Unbidden the memory of the argument with her husband came back to her mind. He was so stubborn, insisting she come to his office party even when she tried to explain she would only be miserable there. When she flatly refused to give in to his cajoling he got all huffy and stormed out of the house. Twice during the day she almost called him at work and relented, but some spark had been touched off in her and she managed not to give in. She checked her cell phone and frowned, he had not even called to make sure she had arrived safely. For a reason she couldn't put her finger on that pissed her off even more. She thought of the papers she had asked her lawyer to draw up. How many times in the past year had she started the process only to chicken out? So many that she suspected Becky no longer even started the process when she called.

Becky Jones had been her father's Lawyer and now represented Kim and her sister anytime they needed legal council. She firmly believed Kim should leave Burt, but had never pushed her to do so. Becky and Burt had never gotten along and over the years they had become bitter antagonists. Burt had tried, unsuccessfully, to gain control of the trust funds her parents had set up for the kids. That fight had really been the one that had opened her eyes to how mean spirited and greedy Burt could be. He was a very selfish man; even his wanting her to come to his office party had an ulterior motive. He just wanted her there so he could show her off as his. His jealousy had flattered her at first, but over time it became old.

"It would serve him right if I met someone here tonight," she said aloud and then smiled. She knew that wasn't going to happen and he did too. She had been raised in a small town and the idea of having an affair was anathema. Her self- mocking smile faded into a frown as she realized he did know she wouldn't. It aggravated her to think he was so sure of his place. Well, maybe I will just show him, she though and then the smile returned. She knew she would never go through with it, but there were several available men here and she thought maybe some flirting would be good for her.

She grabbed her dryer and returned to the bathroom, the steam had cleared by now and she unwound the towel from her hair and began to dry it. Kim was almost done with her hair when her cell phone rang. She darted into the main room and grabbed it. She expected it to be Burt, but the number was her sister on Hoboken.

"Hey Cath," she said as she turned it on to answer.

"Hey sissy, just calling to make sure you made it all right,"

"Fine, just the usual crap. Is everything all right?"

"Sure is, Megan and Laura are out back with little Timmy and Bill. They are all having a blast on the trampoline,"

"Thanks for watching them for me,"

"No problem, you know I love them and so does Bill. Have a good time tonight, I will bring them home around six unless you get in earlier,"

Kim said goodbye and hung up. Cathy was so lucky to have a man like Bill. He was steady and easy going and the two of them had so much in common. Thinking of their happiness made her even more angry with her own situation and then she felt ashamed for not being happy her older sister was doing so well. She went to the dresser and took out a pale pink box. She debated for a moment and then tossed it on the bed. Returning to the bathroom she finished with her hair and removed the towel before looking at herself critically in the mirror.

She was thirty-seven now and her body was just beginning to show her age. Her legs were still long and well muscled but she had never managed to shed the last of the weight from having Megan. Her hips were wider than they had once been and her shapely ass was no longer tight, but had filled out to a shape that reminded her of an inverted heart. Her tummy was still flat, but she could no longer see the muscles that had once stood out under her skin. The two scars from her C- sections stood out pink against her skin, these had healed nicely, but were still visible. Her breasts had always been large for her five foot seven inch frame, but they no longer stood proudly out from her body. They did not sag yet, but seemed to sit on her chest rather than standing out. Her once pink nipples were now a dark reddish brown and were longer than she remembered. Her face was still pretty and the piercing blue eyes were just as bright, but she could see the first wrinkles around her mouth and eyes. Time is catching up with you, she thought. Rather than dwell on these thoughts she padded back into the bedroom and eyed the pink box again.

The clock showed she had less than an hour to get ready and she considered the box for the final time. Inside was a very racy bra and panty set with matching garter belt. The set had been her Christmas gift for Burt,another attempt on her part to spice up their love life, but as yet she had not worn it for him. She was still sore that he had not called and on a whim decided she would wear the set tonight. He was acting like a jackass and didn't deserve to see her in the set before she wore it she decided.

Kim opened the box and hesitated once more. Frustrated by her indecision she dumped the contents on the bed and threw the box across the room. The bra was a push-up model in jade green and trimmed with delicate black lace. Kim was surprised and pleased at the way it pulled her breasts up and made them stand out. The matching thong was also green and was so tiny it barely covered her pussy. The garterbelt was black, with two panels of green satin and matching ribbons over the garter clips. She rolled black stockings up her legs and attached them before standing up. She caught her reflection in the mirror on the closet door and smiled. She might be getting old, but she wasn't there yet and she knew she looked damned good. Still smiling she wiggled into the tight sheath dress and managed to zip it. She went and did her make up carefully and spritzed some of her perfume behind her ears and on her wrists and chest. Returning to the bedroom she donned her strappy five-inch black heels and put her id, some money, her compact and a few odds and ends into her little black handbag.

Walking down the hallway to the elevator she felt sexy and alive, the velvet dress hugged every curve and she knew she had a nice wiggle to her walk in the heels. There were several people in the elevator on the way down and all the men had their eyes on her. It felt good to be appreciated and she headed toward the check in table feeling better than she had in many months.

The union sure knew how to throw a party. Serving persons in tuxedos were stationed at tables all around the entrance to the ballroom. The food smelled delicious and Kim felt her tummy growl. There was a bar set up, but wine, coke or coffee were free with the meal. Kim filled her plate from the seafood table, shrimp, oysters and a lobster tail with a fillet of cod. She stopped at the bar and pondered, she really should get water. Soda was too full of sugar and she was trying to watch her weight. Wine on the other hand had a very strong effect on her, not only did she loose inhibitions quickly, but it also made her randy. She rarely drank it and then only with Burt when they planned on making love as soon as they got home. Remembering her promise to herself to try and flit and have fun she decided a single glass would do her a world of good. Taking one of the deep red goblets she made her way into the ballroom.

The ballroom was filled with people and tables. She recognized several people from work and spotted Theresa and Jinny at a table in the back. She maneuvered through the crowd and joined them. Theresa was a petite black woman in her mid thirties and the office secretary, she was also Kim's best friend in the world. She was married to a Hispanic man named Raoul, but seated next to her was a tall black man Kim recognized as her boyfriend David. Jinny was a petite blonde and also married. She was sitting alone, but her eyes were scanning the crowd and Kim felt sure she wouldn't be alone along. While she had never had an affair she knew that the party was generally a fuck-a-thon, and she did not hold it against her co-workers that they were not so faithful. Deep down she envied them both for the way they could have fun, have sex and not feel guilty at all.

Theresa stood up as she approached and gave her a big hug.

"Hey girl, glad you made it," she said excitedly. Her breath smelled like wine and Kim felt pretty sure that Theresa was already feeling no pain. "You know David right?" she said while pointing to him.

The tall man stood and wrapped Kim up in a hug. Kim felt her breath catch in her throat, David was such a powerful, elemental man and he always made her feel small and helpless. Jinny smiled and waved but did not rise as Kim sat down.

"Hey Kimmy, where's Burt?" she asked between bites of her filet of sole.

"He didn't come," Kim said taking a sip of the rich red wine.

"You mean you're here alone?" David asked in his deep rumbling bass.

Before she could answer several more of her co-workers showed up and after rounds of happy new years the table was full. Conversation was brisk and everyone seemed to be feeling good. Kim was scanning the crowd for people she knew when her eyes stopped on someone in a tux.

It took her a moment to realize it was a woman. She was tall, easily as tall as David and she was big. Not fat, but big boned with wide shoulders and a heavy musculature. She wore a tuxedo that must have been tailored to fit and had short blonde hair, close cropped to her skull. Her face was rugged and she wore no make up, only her massive chest and wide hips gave away that she was a woman.

Kim was staring and was about to move on when the woman seemed to feel eyes upon her and looked directly at Kim. Her eyes were a piercing gray that seemed to hold the smaller woman's. She stared intently at Kim for a few moments, as if trying to remember her and then smiled and nodded. Kim felt a blush rise to her cheeks and quickly looked away, she took another gulp of her wine and looked furtively about the table to see if anyone had noticed, but no one had.

The food was delicious and Kim finished her wine and most of the plate of food. She left the empty goblet before her, intending to get some water when she went to get more shrimp. David returned from the bar with a second glass and placed it before her as he handed Theresa a goblet. Why not? she though as she took another sip, it was cold and very heady, but she wasn't feeling anything from the first glass so she finished this one as she ate.

People continually stopped and spoke to people they knew at the table and Kim got some very hot looks from some of the guys there. The waiters came and took all the plates away and began filling coffee cups. The hubbub of conversation died down as the speakers took the podium. Kim took the opportunity to retire to the smoking room; she hated the long boring speeches.

The smoking lounge was a small room behind the bar. Where the dining room was elegance the lounge was plain and dingy. Small round tables with metal folding chairs and cheap metal ashtrays. The carpet was beige and stained and the paneling looked to be older than she was. Kim spotted Dan Fishburn and his wife Monica and sat down at the table with them.

"Kim, have you met Monica?"

"Yes, hello Monica, how are you?"

"Bored to tears, I can't wait for the speeches to be done and for the band to crank up," the dark headed woman said. She was taller than Kim, but heavier and her dress was baggy hiding her figure. Monica was known as one of the most jealous of the wives and Kim made sure she sat well away from Dan. Dan excused himself to go to the restroom and Kim felt a little awkward sitting there with Monica. The brunette was chain smoking and killed her drink off in a single swallow. Monica worked in accounting and was perhaps the biggest bitch working for the state of New York. Everyone hated her, although she had only been rude to Kim on a couple of occasions.
