 I don't think that I knew what to expect as I sat outside of the bus terminal waiting for her. It had been five years since I had seen her. It had been five years since I had heard her voice. Five years since I had loved her. I suppose that after graduation the novelty of the "tough tom boy" had worn off to her and she went on to marry and have children and become a well behaved house wife. I had gone on to one night stands with "curious" college girls in bars, working 80 hours a week and living alone. I knew what I wanted in my life, and every night I kicked myself for falling into the trap of lies that she did too.

I sat in my car and lit another cigarette. She told me that I would recognize her, that she hadn't changed. I lifted my eyes from my freshly lit Marlboro and there she stood. God was she right. She was still as beautiful as ever. And even from a distance I could still see her piercing green eyes full of mystery and intrigue. The way the sun cut through her red highlights. She was still as perfect as night she left my room for what I thought was forever.

I stepped out of my car and held up a hand. I realized then maybe I should have worn something a bit more classy than blue jeans and a white tank top but was frankly in to much of a trance to care. She picked up her bag and walked towards me. She threw her arms around my neck and suddenly I was engulfed in the smell of coconut and citrus. It swept threw my senses and brought a smile to my face.

"Thank you for coming to get me. I didn't know who else to call. I just needed to get away. I can't handle him anymore," she said to me with tears forming in her eyes.

"It's okay, I'm here," I said putting m arm comfortingly around her shoulders as I had so many nights before. I picked up her bag and walked her to my car.

Not much was said the entire ride back to my house. She looked out the window and occasionally cracked a joke about how things hadn't changed. If she only knew...

When we got back to my house, we were met by the sound of dogs barking. "Sounds like you have a full house," she said with a smile. I took her bag from the back seat and began walking up the drive. She reached forward and took my hand. I glanced over my shoulder in slight shock, but enjoying the touch. She let go as quickly as she had taken my hand realizing she may have crossed a line. It was late, and I could tell she was tired. I led her to my guest room and asked her if she needed anything. "No, I think I am going to try to get some sleep. Will you be offended if we don't talk until the morning? The bus ride was horrible and I am exhausted."

"Not at all. I'm right down the hall if you need anything," I said taking one last look at her from head to toe. I couldn't help but notice how child birth had swelled up her already large breasts and filled out her already full hips. She wreaked of beauty and grace from every pore of her body. I resisted the temptation to take her in my arms and kiss her good night. Knowing something was wrong at home I didn't want to risk upsetting her escape for safety and let the temptation rest.

I walked to my room, turning back to the now closed door only once. For some reason I thought that maybe she would open the door. She did not.

I stripped down to nothing and climbed into bed. The satin sheets against my bare skin always felt so nice. I lit a cigarette and began searching through late night television shows hoping to find something to fall asleep to. I settled on the 11 o'clock news, put out my cigarette and rolled over. I had just begun to doze off when I heard my bedroom door open. Figuring it was one of the dogs coming in for the night, I paid it little mind. Then my room smelled of coconut and citrus. It was her!

"I haven't slept alone in years, would you mind some company?"

I didn't roll over. "No, not at all. Just let me put some clothes on." I reached for my shirt on the floor beside my bed.

"Don't," she exclaimed putting her hand on mine. I looked up and finally saw her. She was standing in front of me wearing nothing but her panties and a tank top that was too small. Her breasts were pouring out of the top and her tight ass was pouring out from the edge of her panties. I met her eyes and saw a desire I hadn't seen from her in a long time. Even when we were still together. She looked like she had the first night that we made love. I ran my hand up her arm and down her side. She shivered at the touch. I took her hand and pulled her into the bed beside me.

I kissed her, gently at first, until she seemed to take the lead. I decided it might be nice to let her. She kissed me deeply, she tongue exploring every inch of my mouth. I hadn't had a kiss that made me wet in a long time. She moved from my lips to my neck. She sucked and nibbled gently. I felt her teeth just once and smiled in pure ecstasy. She moved on to my breasts, sucking each nipple until they were erect. She cupped my left breast and continued kissing down my stomach. She teased just above my pubic line before moving her lips to my now dripping crotch. She teased my lips for a minute with her tongue and brought her hands down. She gently traced my trimmed mound with her finger tips. She spread my lips with her left hand and gently blew on my clit. I was melting!

She gave a gentle lick to my clit before moving to my hole. She circled it with her tongue and without warning slid in two fingers. I almost came at the sudden touch. "Someone's a little wet," she said with a grin. I could do nothing but lay there and smile. She continued to finger fuck my cunt harder and harder. She smiled as every inch of my body tensed and then I came all over her hand.

"Bring that sweet cunt up here," I said to her smiling. She removed her fingers from me and licked them clean. She turned her body and lay on top of me. She buried her face in my still dripping crotch and began eating me like she was starving. She licked every inch of me. I found it imperative that I return the favor. I spread her lips to find she was as wet as I was. I licked and sucked her clit as I fingered her. She was moaning between licks as she began to finger my hole. Using my other hand I decided to test the boundaries. I gently tickled the outside of her tight asshole and she shivered. I ran my tongue up and down her entire southern region and made sure that her little asshole was nice and wet. Gently I slid in one finger and she moaned. I continued to finger fuck her cunt as I began to finger her asshole. She continued eating me as I played with both her holes. Slowly I inserted my finger into her asshole in its entirety. She began to finger me harder. I could feel she was close to coming. Her tense muscles and loud moans let me know I was pleasing my angel.

"I'm going to come," she screamed between moans.

"Sit on my face," I commanded her. She was happy to oblige. She sat up, turned to face me, and straddled my face. I held both her ass cheeks in my hands and pulled her down to my mouth. I buried my tongue inside her alternating between her hole and her clit. Suddenly, without warning, I tasted a flood of he sweet juices in my mouth. I lapped up every drop like a thirsty dog. When she finished coming, she rolled off of me and placed her hand on my mound. Slowly, she inserted two fingers into my still wet hole and began to finger fuck me hard. Reaching down I began to rub my clit until I was close to climaxing again.

"I want to hear you," she said to me. Moments later, I let out a loud scream as I came on her hand again.

We fell beside each other. She rested her head on my chest as I reached for my cigarettes. Lighting one I smiled. "Welcome back baby girl," I said as I exhaled a cloud of smoke. She kissed my lips.

"Can I stay?" she said in a begging tone. "Can you forgive me for everything I did and take me back?"

"I don't want you to ever leave," I said kissing her forehead.

She kissed me again and slowly drifted off to sleep with a smile on her face...