 I awoke the following morning still feeling a little tender after the party the night before with David and his mates. I rang Mellor and explained the situation, and as I had no appointments that day, he suggested that I rest. "You need to be in good form for next week," he explained. "It's your last week and I have got a full diary for you for next week, and also there is the annual sales conference at the weekend." It was the first time I had heard about the sales conference and I wondered just what part I was to play in that. 

By the weekend, I was again fully recovered, and I was back in my office early Monday morning. Mellor came into see me and to go through my appointments for the week. As it was my last week, it seemed that everyone wanted to see me. 

There was to be a board committee meeting that afternoon with Mr. Hinkerman and his two co directors, at which I was to attend to take notes and provide refreshments. Martin had made arrangements for me to attend a sales meeting with him on Tuesday. On Wednesday and Thursday, a couple of senior staff members had booked me, and on Friday and Saturday, apparently it was the sales conference. 

When Rose came in with coffee and refreshments, she stopped and chatted for a while. I had not seen much of her since the last board meeting. She said she was sorry that I was leaving and that she would miss me. We got on to chatting about things in general, and as usual, the conversation led around to sex and what we liked and disliked about it. 

Then for some reason, it came around to the subject of personal fantasies, and what we fantasized about. I told her about my ongoing fantasy about being interrogated, where I was stripped naked by my captors and had to endure their depravities during a long interrogation. She was looking a little thoughtful as she left. I did not realise it until later in the week that our little get together and chat had all been set up by Martin. 

I ordered a light lunch as my appointment with Mr. Hinkerman was timed for one p.m.. I had rung and spoken to him earlier about what he wanted me to wear for the meeting. I realised from the tone of his voice that he was smiling when he spoke. "I don't think we will bother with anything, Samantha," he said. "It is possibly the last time we will see you as your little arrangement with us finishes at the weekend, so I want to make the most of it." 

I finished my lunch and had taken a quick shower in preparation for my one o'clock appointment. I was standing naked in front of the large mirror putting the finishing touches to my hair and make up when there was a tap on the door and Mellor walked in. He smiled when he saw that I was naked. I thought for a second or two about grabbing something to cover myself, but I did not see the point. Although I spent so much time naked with guys looking at me, I still felt a little awkward and even slightly embarrassed when I was caught like this. 

"What can I do for you?" I said, turning to face him. 

He smiled. "With a body like that, anything you want to, but I know you have an appointment with Mr. Hinkerman, so we will have to leave that till maybe later. It's just that I have another appointment for you. Ken Buyers, our I.T. consultant, wants your company as an escort for a party he is going to on Thursday evening." I told him that I would add it to my diary. With another longing look at my body he left. 

Again, as I made my way down the corridor to Mr. Hinkerman's office, I still got that strange exciting feeling being naked. There still had been only one occasion when I had encountered anybody. I stopped at the door and got an instant response to my knock. I then pushed the door open and walked in. All three men were already there. They turned and looked at me, and I noted their approval. Mr. Hinkerman suggested that we get down to business straight away. I picked up my note pad and sat in a chair opposite the two co-directors. Although they did talk business, I realised that my being there and displayed naked as I was caused more than a little distraction. I had met one of the co-directors before at the board meeting, but the other one was a stranger to me. I noticed that throughout the meeting he hardly ever took his eyes off my body. Whenever I altered my position in the chair I would catch him watching me. 

Mr. Hinkerman must have observed this as well, and true to his usual form, he passed over a folded memo to me. I opened it up. It said in his neat handwriting, "Show him your pretty pussy." I looked across the desk at Mr. Hinkerman. He smiled at me. 

Not wanting to be too blatant about it, I took my time before I slowly parted my legs. The new guy must have thought all his birthdays had come at once as the delights of my pussy became clearly visible between my open legs. He, then, much to Hinkerman's amusement, began to sweat profusely and kept dabbing himself with a large white handkerchief. 

I think he was glad when Mr. Hinkerman called a halt to the proceedings and told me to serve the refreshments. When I had served everyone, Mr. Hinkerman called me over and told me to sit on his knee. He put his arm around me and gently ran his hand over my bottom. "You know, guys, Samantha leaves us this weekend," he said. "We shall all miss her. I think you will agree she has been one of the most attractive and willing girls we have ever had." 

He smiled at me. Then he began to gently caress one of my breasts, toying with the nipple that was already quite erect. "I am glad you could get in today, Alan," he said, looking across at the guy who had taken a lot of interest in me. "It would have been a pity for you to have missed your chance to meet her." 

The guy smiled at me and nodded. Hinkerman moved his hand from my breast and eased my legs apart. Then he began to run his finger along the moist cleft of my pussy lips. "If either of you would like to take this opportunity, I am sure Samantha will be pleased to indulge your every need." He slid his fingers inside me, opening me up, and began to tease my clit. I moaned slightly and writhed on his knee. I could feel the hardness of his erection under my legs. 

He eased me off his knee and indicated that I should move across to where Alan was sitting. I stood in front of Alan. He looked me up and down hungrily for a moment, then he roughly pulled me towards him, his mouth clamping on to one of my breasts while his hands began to explore the wetness of my pussy. 

"She gives excellent head," I heard Hinkerman call from across the desk. His slobbering mouth left my breast and he looked at me. 

"Oh, yes, please!" he said. 

With some effort, I managed to extract his already hard cock from his trousers, and much to his obvious pleasure, I went down on it. He was in such a state that almost before I had gotten him into my mouth, he came, shooting great globules of creamy cum into my mouth. I swallowed it happily and sucked his weakening cock clean. Then Jerry, the other co-director, wanted to fuck me, and I leaned obligingly over Hinkerman's desk while he stuck his cock into me from the rear. 

Hinkerman smiled at me as he reached over and pulled painfully on my extended nipples as my breasts hung like ripe, inviting fruit over his desk. Alan wanted his turn with my pussy when Jerry was done with me, but although he tried, and I did my best to help him, he could not get it hard enough to get it inside me. He was a spent weapon. 

After the two guys had left, Hinkerman took me himself. He perched me on the edge of his desk, spread my legs wide, and thrust his extremely large cock into my well prepared hole. He as always screwed me in the most satisfying position. He used my breasts as playthings, which had me pleading for more well before he had finished with me. 

Afterwards, he allowed me to use his shower room and sat watching me and chatting to me as I washed away the tell tale signs of our lust off my body. He thanked me for what I had done over the last few weeks, and said that he hoped that we would have the opportunity to meet again sometime. 

Back in my own office, I dressed and made my way down to the car park. I was ready for a rest and maybe an early night. I was going to need it if this were a sign of what was to come this week. 

It was Tuesday and today I was booked to provide my services for Martin. I liked Martin and we got on well together. I think in different circumstances we could have become good friends and maybe even lovers. He had asked me to wear sexy undies and a dress for our meeting, and I duly obliged. 

We sat and chatted until his phone rang; the person we were meeting had arrived. I was very surprised when the office door opened and a well-dressed woman in her early forties entered the office. She greeted Martin with a smile and looked me up and down with more than a little interest. 

During their meeting, I kept them supplied with drinks and snacks. Over the next hour, as I listened to their conversation, I thought Martin got an extremely good deal out of her. When they had finished their business, Martin told me to open a bottle of white wine. I uncorked a bottle and brought it in with two glasses. Martin poured it and passed it over to his visitor and they toasted the deal. 

Martin was taking a phone call and I was just clearing up some plates when she came over to me. "So you are Samantha?" she said. "I have been looking forward so much to meeting you." She looked me up and down. "You are very attractive and I bet you have a stunning body." She reached out and much to my surprise she cupped one of my breasts in her hand. I looked uncertainly across at Martin who was still on the phone. He shrugged and smiled. 

While still caressing my breast with one hand, she began to slowly open the buttons of my dress with the other. When she had unbuttoned it down as far as the waist, she parted the material and revealed my skimpy bra. "She's very nice," she said, turning to Martin as he put the phone down. 

"She sure is and she's so very obliging," he said. 

"Do you eat pussy, Samantha?" she suddenly asked. I looked at her and nodded my head slowly. "Good for you, girl," she said. "I need some urgent relief after dealing with that young man." She indicated Martin who just shrugged his shoulders and grinned. She hitched up her skirt to reveal black lacy-topped stockings held up by thin black suspenders trailing up across creamy white thighs. Above that, she wore a brief black lace thong barely concealing her pussy. "Get rid of that thing," she said, indicating the thong, as she pulled her skirt higher. "And then we can get down to business." 

I did as instructed and eased the thong over her hips and down her long stocking clad legs. She stepped out of it. She stood there blatantly displaying herself naked from the waist down. She seemed totally unconcerned that Martin was there watching. I saw she was clean-shaven and her pussy lips were slightly open, displaying the pink wet interior a little. 

She unceremoniously pushed Martin's papers out of the way and sat with legs spread wide apart on his desk, resting herself back on her arms. There was no question of what she wanted. I knelt down in front of the desk and went down on her. She tasted musky and sweet and pleasantly perfumed. 

I held her apart with my fingers as my tongue explored her depths; she cried out and thrust her hips towards me. I teased her clit, nipping it with my teeth, before sucking it into my mouth. I worked on her using my years of experience learnt mostly in my early days at a girl's boarding school. 

I felt her body respond to several smaller orgasms before she cried out with her body contorted as a major orgasm shook her body and she collapsed gasping onto the desk. Martin poured us both a glass of wine. She took it in a shaky hand and drank it down quickly. I slowly sipped on mine, watching her as she slowly recovered. 

At last she got to her feet and held her glass out to be filled again. She smiled at me. "You certainly know your job, young lady, and if you ever need a job, you just come along and see me." She dropped into a chair and took a mouthful of wine. "That was quite an experience," she said, "but I'm not leaving here until I have had a look at that body of yours and got my hands on it, so you can strip for me, young lady, and do it slowly." 

I loosened the belt on my dress and unfastened the rest of the buttons. I slipped the dress off and stood there in just my brief lacy bra and panties. She smiled as she took in my scantly clad body. "I bet the guys here love you," she said. I reached behind and unclasped my bra. I drew it off my shoulders exposing my breasts to her. I stood there for a moment letting her get a good look before I hooked my fingers in the waistband of my panties, and easing them over my hips, allowed then to drop around my feet. 

"You have got a great body, little lady. Get yourself over here and let me get my hands on it." I moved over to where she was sitting and stood in front of her. She reached out and grasped my breasts, pulling on my nipples, stretching them painfully. Then she ran her hand between my legs and fingered my pussy. She withdrew her fingers and I could see they were wet with my juices. She slid them into her mouth and sucked on them. 

"You sure are tasty, young lady," she said, smiling up at me. "I think I would like some more of that; get yourself down on the floor and spread those legs." I did as instructed, lying on my back on the carpeted floor in front of her. I spread my legs as she got down on her knees between them. 

She fingered my pussy before spreading my pussy lips and going down on me. Oh, God, was she good! Her exciting tongue snaked in and out of my juice filled hole, and flicked across the already hard bud of my clit. She sucked the loose folds of my tender inner pussy flesh into her mouth. I cried out as she nipped it gently between her teeth. It was at that precise moment that I came. I squealed and my body heaved, but she did not stop, even though I pleaded with her. Then she drove me on to yet another incredible orgasm. 

She stood up, wiping her mouth on her arm, and looked down at me lying there exhausted, and smiled. She turned to Martin. "I want to thank you for that," she said. "It was certainly worth giving you the extra discount." 

After she had left, Martin wanted his share of my body. As I leaned over his desk and he thrust into me urgently from the rear, I realised that I was going to be one well-fucked young lady before the week was out. 

My Wednesday appointment was scheduled for 8:30 a.m., an unearthly time for any girl to be at work. The note from Mellor said that I was to meet up with a Carl Goodman in the sales communication office. I have to admit that the place took some finding and I was a little late arriving. The sales office was a bright, airy room, in which were located about twenty or so workstations that were set out in a circle around a raised central area. As I walked in, an attractive receptionist whose nametag told me she was called Annie greeted me. 

I told Annie that I was looking for Carl Goodman and she directed me towards the central area. I walked down between the twenty or so workstations where the young guys in the stations were busy on the phones, most of them stopping work as I passed by, giving me admiring glances, some even giving a low wolf whistle before going back to inputting information into glowing computer screens. 

When I arrived at the central area, I found a tall good looking guy seated at a desk, surrounded by several screens. He informed me that he was Carl. He looked me up and down with an interested look on his face. He smiled. "I guess you are Samantha," he said. 

He pulled up a chair and invited me to sit down. "Has anyone explained why you are here?" he asked. I shook my head. "Well, what it is all about is a sales drive. Every so often we have one. We set figures for the day and give the guys a nice bonus or a prize for whoever contributes the largest amount of sales towards that total." 

I smiled to myself. He did not have to go any further as I could guess what was coming. "Today I am the prize?" I asked. 

He looked at me and smiled. "You have hit the nail on the head, girl." Then he went on to tell me the whole story. It turned out it was another one of Martin's bright ideas. I might have guessed. 

The idea was a target had been set for the day, £200,000 worth of business; the guy who contributed the most business to this total was to be the winner. His prize: an evening out with me, all expenses paid. 

"There's one other thing," he said, with a slight smile on his face. "Just to make things a little more interesting, Martin suggested that you should work here for the day as a gofer for the guys, fetching and carrying for them so that they can concentrate on their work. Also, just to make them work even harder, for every £50,000 worth of business they get, you will have to remove one article of clothing." 

I looked around, seeing several expectant faces looking over their screens at me. So here I was on my next assignment, having to strip in front of the 20 or so tele sales operators; then I had to spend the night with one of them. I smiled to myself; this could be quite an interesting scenario. 

Carl pointed out a large screen on the wall. "Keep an eye on that screen," he said. I looked up to where he pointed. In bright red figures the amount read £10,140, "When that figure reaches £50,500, you will have come over to the central area here and remove one item of clothing, OK?" 

I said, smiling at him, "You're the boss." 

I found the guys a friendly crowd. I made my way around them supplying them with drinks, and any other things that they required. I kept my eye on the large screen as the figure passed the £50,000 mark and I could hear the first buzz of excitement as the first milestone approached. 

A cheer went up around the room as the figure tripped over past the first £50,500. I made my way to the centre of the room. Carl took my hand and helped me up onto his desk so that I was visible to everyone. I slowly undid the buttons of my blouse and slipped it off. There were murmurs of approval as my breasts were revealed encased in a rather skimpy bra. I passed the discarded blouse down to Carl and stood there for a moment letting everyone get a good look before I stepped down and continued with my work. 

It was just after lunch when the halfway figure was reached, and I found myself on the desk removing my skirt. The guys were more attentive and more demanding now that I was down to my brief revealing undies. Even I was beginning to feel the excitement of being at the beck and call of these guys who all wanted to get a closer look at me. 

My bra went halfway through the afternoon, and now I could feel the urgency in the air as I made my way around the cubicles clad only in just my brief thong that I could feel was already becoming rather damp. It was just after 4 o'clock when I had to make that final climb up on to Carl's desk, slip out of my thong, and reveal every detail of my naked body to the wildly cheering crowd. Carl took the thong off me, and there was a cheer as he held it to his nose, a look off extreme pleasure on his face. I then had to work the last 45 minutes totally naked much to everyone's delight. 

At the close of business, the target was well passed with a finishing total of £220,545, much to everyone's delight. When the final figures had been totaled up and the winner announced, there was a loud whoop, and a guy came running forward. He was a good-looking guy called Darren; he grabbed me in his arms, crushing my naked body to him. He let go of me long enough to collect his prize from Martin who had joined us for the presentation. I noticed Martin saying something to him and they both grinned. I found out later that Martin had told him what a good night he was in for. 
