 This is a story about a very special club that I and three other women participate in. However, to properly explain the club, I'll have to give some background on the participants and how we came together.

My name is Jen Gladstone. I'm 34 years old and married to Barry, my high school sweetheart. We've been happily married for 7 years, and I'm currently 4 months pregnant with our first child. I'm on the petite side; 5'5", 110 lbs. My breasts are smaller than most, a modest B cup. On the plus side, they are as firm as they were when I was 16. I keep in shape by playing tennis 3 times a week. Until the pregnancy caused my belly to start swelling recently, I had prided myself on having a body that was toned and hard all over. My blonde hair is usually cut in a boyish bob.

The story of the club actually starts many, many years ago, before I met my husband. It begins with my best friend then and now, Jill. I met Jill in 3rd grade, and we became immediately inseparable. From grade school through high school we were always by each other's side.

When we graduated high school, we applied to and were accepted by the same University in downtown Toronto. We had both applied for Residence and got into the same one. However, the assignment of rooms was random, so we would end up living down the hall from each other instead of in the same room.

The summer before we went to University, Jill and I both celebrated our 18th birthdays, hers being a month before mine. On my birthday, Jill took me out for dinner and got me drunk, then ended up taking me to bed. While I resisted at first, I quickly realized how right it felt to have Jill as my lover. For the short remainder of the summer, we were naked together as much as possible.

September came, and Jill and I arrived at University together. Upon entering my room I noticed that my roommate had already moved in. She obviously liked beer (a small fridge was already full of cold bottles), and judging by some of her artwork (Jimi Hendrix, Bob Marley) I guessed that she might enjoy the occasional smoke. I was still sizing her side of the room up when she walked in. 

"Hi," she said. "You must be Jen." 

"Yes, I am," I answered. "That would make you Melanie?" She laughed and nodded. "Want a beer?" she asked, reaching down to grab 2 cold ones out of the fridge.

Melanie was a very striking girl. She had jet-black hair framing a face with light olive skin. I guessed she might be Greek or Middle Eastern. Her body was outstanding, round and generous compared to my tight boyish frame. Her hips were the right width, and her breasts were large and round. She had a little bit of a belly protruding over her jeans, but that only seemed to accentuate her sexiness.

As we talked and drank out beer, we gave the requisite background info; where we were from, etc, etc. Aside from Jill, I had never been sexually attracted to another girl, until now. As she was talking about growing up in British Columbia, all I could think about was how her pussy would taste. When I started talking about my background, my mouth was moving but my brain was focused on her beautiful tits.

We cracked another beer just as Jill walked in. Jill is about my height and has a similar build, although she is a little curvier. Her breasts are a medium C cup, and her ass has a perfect shape. She plays tennis with me when she's not running or swimming. Her light brown hair is usually pulled back in a ponytail.

I introduced Jill to Melanie as Melanie handed her a beer. We all kept chatting for a while, and the conversation was fun and easy. I noticed Jill sneaking glances at Melanie and knew what she must be thinking. I felt myself grow wet, and suddenly hoped that Jill and I would be alone very soon. She must have read my mind because she stood and asked me to come and see her room. Mel (she asked us to call her Mel, because only her mom still called her Melanie) came with us, but I was hoping she wouldn't stay. 

Jill's room was identical to ours, except her roommate had not arrived so one half was bare. Apparently Kim, Jill's roommate, had been delayed by bad weather in Chicago and wouldn't be arriving until Monday. Mel looked around a bit and then said she was going back to our room. We said we'd see her later. As soon as she left, Jill locked the door behind her. 

"Jesus," she said. "I'm so fucking horny right now." She undid her jeans and with a quick wiggle of her hips they fell to the floor. She wasn't wearing any panties and her shaved pussy was in plain view. As she pulled her shirt over her head, I quickly undressed as well. We met and kissed deeply. 

Within seconds we were in a 69 position on her bed, side by side. We were both dripping wet and we came almost right away, within seconds of each other. This was par for the course, and we usually got to the first orgasm right away and took our time with the second. This is what we did next, gently licking and sucking for a good 10 minutes. As I approached my second orgasm, I felt Jill's finger slide into my asshole. I groaned loudly and then returned the favour, sliding my index finger into Jill's tight pink asshole. I felt her hips start to buck immediately and locked my mouth onto her clit. When her orgasm started it drove me over the edge and I came with her. We took a minute to come down, and then she moved to lie beside me. We gently stroked each other's bellies, both fully satisfied.

"So what brought that on?" I asked. 

"I don't know," Jill replied. "Well, you know just looking at you is enough to get me going. But I think it was Mel. I think she emits some kind of crazy pheromone that makes me want to fuck right away."

I laughed and told her I had the same reaction. We talked about what we liked about her, and speculated about how her pussy would taste. As we talked, our hands drifted lower and within seconds we were bringing each other off again.

As we enjoyed the afterglow of our third orgasm, we both agreed that this was going to be one fun year.

After a few weeks, Jill and I had settled down into life at school. We still managed to get together and fuck each other about once a week, and I was busy fucking a lot of hot guys too. While I put out a lot, guys learned quickly that I wasn't a slut and would not be treated as one. The few guys that did, or that tried to spread the word that I was easy were very quickly cut off by me, and since I knew almost all the hot girls on campus, the guys would find themselves out in the cold. 

Just before Thanksgiving weekend, Mel told me she was going to see her boyfriend up north. His family had rented a cottage the weekend, so she was going to stay with them. Both Jill and I were going to our homes for Thanksgiving dinner, but would be staying at school otherwise. We gave the pretense of needing to study, but in reality we were looking forward to a weekend of getting naked and fucking each other senseless. 

Mel left Friday afternoon, and by early evening the residence had pretty much emptied out. Jill's roommate was also staying, as she was American and didn't need to go home for Canadian Thanksgiving. Jill let her know that she would be spending most of her time studying in my room.

I made a sign that side "Quiet -- Studying", taped it to the door, which I then shut and locked. I turned around to find Jill naked, lying on my bed with her legs spread and bent. 

"Dinnertime, " she said, smiling. "Who's hungry?"

"Mmmmmm..." I said. "My favourite." 

*****

We spent that entire night licking, stroking, and kissing each other to countless orgasms. We both agreed it was the single best night of sex we had ever had. We fell asleep in each other's arms sometime after 4am, and I woke up to the indescribable feeling of Jill licking my pussy. I quickly had her swing her ass up over my face and we licked each other to orgasm.

I felt Jill start to come, and her thighs tightened around my head, and I felt mine do the same. I guess our legs acted as pretty good earmuffs, because neither one of us heard Mel's key in the lock or the door open and close. After we came down, Jill climbed off me and I saw Mel stating there, staring at us. I felt myself go red with embarrassment, and Jill grabbed the sheet and tried to cover herself.

"God, Mel, I'm sorry," I said. "We thought you'd be gone, so, well..." I just sort of trailed off. Jill was staring at the floor, her face flushed with embarrassment and her body flushed from her orgasm. 

Mel didn't say anything, and just stood there staring. Slowly, without taking her eyes of mine, she popped the button on her jeans, hooked her thumbs in the belt loops and teased them down over her hips. There were no panties underneath, and soon her jeans were around her ankles and her dark bush was in plain view. She quickly scooped her sweater over her head, freeing her braless tits. She threw her sweater on her bed, stepped out of her jeans and walked over to the bed. I was sitting on the edge, and her pussy was now at eye level.

"Do you want to eat me?" she asked, almost in a whisper. I answered by grabbing her ass and closing my mouth on her mound. She had a musky aroma and a salty taste, and it immediately turned me on. As I continued licking her pussy and clit, I felt hands circle my waist and felt familiar fingers start to work my own clit. Jill was behind me, kissing my neck as she played with me.

I remember feeling like it was a dream, and as Mel began to pant and her legs began to shake I felt my own orgasm growing. I began to lick her clit furiously, and she started to shake harder. She started cumming and I felt her lean on my shoulders as her legs almost gave out. I came, my cries muffled by her pussy. Mel collapsed on the bed, glistening with sweat. My face was glistening with her juices, which Jill quickly started licking off. Her licking turned into kissing and soon we were making out in earnest. She hadn't come with us, so I pushed her down on the bed, and she ended up lying beside Mel. I lowered my head into the sweet valley between her legs. As I licked her swollen lips and hard clit, I watched Mel start to kiss Jill's breasts. Jill started writhing, and I knew she'd come in seconds. I decided to push her over the edge, and pushed one finger into her pussy and another into her ass. She screamed and bucked as I fucked both her holes with my fingers. Her orgasm didn't end like it usually does, and she kept shaking and groaning for 20 or 30 seconds. I kept going, and Mel was licking one nipple while pinching the other one. Eventually Jill's orgasm subsided, and she shivered with aftershocks for a few minutes. 

I looked at Mel and she smiled, and pulled me up to lie beside Jill. The three of us lay there and eventually fell asleep. 

I woke up a few hours later. Jill and Mel were sitting on Mel's bed, drinking beer and passing a joint back and forth. They were naked with their backs on the wall, so I could see their pussies between their bent legs. I felt my pussy start tingling. I wondered if it was possible to have too many orgasms, and suddenly felt the urge to masturbate. I started rubbing my pussy when Jill stopped me. 

"Nuh-uh," she said. "Not yet. Come here and sit with us," she said. I was disappointed, but I figured the 'not yet' part was good news. I grabbed a beer then sat beside Mel, who was now in the middle. The heat from her body was electric, and the tingling in my crotch felt like it had been turned up a couple notches. Mel passed me the joint.

"Here," she said. "This will take a bit of the edge off." I took a hit, then another, and felt my body mellow. I wasn't any less horny, but the sharp urgency was gone, and I was content to mellow in my excited state.

As we sat, Mel told us a couple stories. First, she told us about her weekend and how it was cut short. She went to stay with her boyfriend and his parents at a cottage on a small lake. Friday night her and her boyfriend had fucked, then he passed out. He was snoring so badly that she went to sleep in the other unoccupied bedroom. She woke up in the middle of the night feeling something pushing at her pussy from on top of her -- she was sleeping nude and on her belly. She assumed it was her boyfriend, so she opened her legs and let him push into her. That's when she realized something was wrong -- whatever was pushing into her was much bigger than her boyfriend and it was hurting. She turned and saw the father holding himself over her. She tried to scream, but he pushed her face into the pillow. He kept trying to push his gigantic cock into her. She thrashed and tried whatever she could to get him off her, and finally managed to kick him in the balls with her heels. He howled and rolled off her, and she got a proper look at his equipment. She said he was about 10 inches long and as thick as her forearm. His balls were the size of oranges.

While he was clutching his groin, she ran back to wake her boyfriend. He finally woke up and she told him what had happened. He was shocked, but when they went back to the other room, the father was gone. They opened the door to his parents' bedroom, and his father was lying beside his other, snoring gently. The boyfriend whispered something like it must have been a bad dream, and Mel went ballistic. She screamed that his father had just tried to fuck her, and that woke both parents. The father denied everything, and the mother said that he hadn't left the bed all night.

Needless to say, the boyfriend sided with his parents and Mel was out the door immediately and a few hours later walked in on Jill and me.

Her second story was about her friend Lexi, who we all knew. Lexi lived in the same residence but in a different wing. She was a complete, 100% lesbian, and did not make any effort to hide the fact. She was completely pleasant and even girly, and both Jill and I got along well with her. She had never come on to either of us, but apparently she had managed to seduce Mel the very first night she was here.

"I arrived before almost anybody else," Mel said. "I was downstairs doing laundry and Lexi came in. We were chatting and I was folding my clean whites and waiting to put in a load of dirty darks. My panties were on top of the pile." She paused to take a sip of beer and a hit off the joint, which she then passed along.

"As we were talking, I noticed Lexi staring at my panties. She moved over closer to the basket of dirty clothes, and I remember thinking that she was trying to catch a whiff. After a few minutes, I didn't have to guess if that's what she was doing, because she asked me if she could sniff my panties. 

"I didn't answer, so she did. I watched as she held up my most recent pair to her nose. I remembered I had masturbated on the bus on the way here while wearing them, so they must have smelled pretty ripe. 

"She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, then opened them and looked at me. Then she said to me 'I'm sorry, but this is making me so fucking hot, I just have to get off right now.'

"Then, she pulled off her track pants and started to finger herself with one hand while keeping my panties pressed over her nose with the other. I was dumbfounded. I had never been with a woman before and had definitely never watched one masturbate, but I couldn't look away. I watched as she brought herself off twice. When she was done, she pulled her pants back up and shoved my panties in her pocket. 'I hope you don't mind,' she said. 'I'm going to keep these. If you want them back they'll be in my room.' 

"Then she left, and I was standing there with a dripping pussy. I threw all the laundry into the basket and rushed upstairs -- I planned to get to my room and get myself off as fast as possible. As fate would have it, my route back took me right by Lexi's room. Before I knew it I was knocking on her door. She opened it and kissed me without saying a word. We spent hours fucking, and she taught me how to eat her pussy properly, and she ate me to orgasm a dozen times.

Mel finished by telling us that when she first met me and Jill, all she could think about was getting into our pants. We told her the feeling was mutual. By this point, the joint had been snuffed and our beers were finished. Jill looked at me.

"Jen, what was it your were about to do before storytime?" she asked, a mischievous smile on her face. I smiled back and let my hand drift down my stomach. 

"No, no, no," Mel said, pointing to my bed across the room. "Over there. I want a good view." I stood and crossed the small room, and laid on the bed with my pussy facing Mel and Jill, my feet planted on the floor.

"Fuck that's a nice view," said Jill. Her hand had made its way between Mel's thighs, and Mel's hand was similarly engaged. I started stroking my clit as I watch Jill and Mel finger each other. I felt my body start to tingle all over. The pot was having an awesome effect on me. I could almost see my orgasm gather itself, and I could feel it rushing from my toes up to my pussy and from my tits down. With my other hand and started rubbing my nipples. My whole body felt like it was vibrating. I watched as both Jill and Mel started squirming, and I knew by her heavy eyes that Jill was seconds away from orgasm. Suddenly Mel threw her head back, her mouth open in a soundless scream, and that did it for me. I exploded, thrashing on the bed as my orgasm tore through me. I watched as Jill completed the sequence, her body spasming as Mel worked her to climax.

The three of us spent the rest of the weekend being naked as much as possible. We decided that we'd start keeping a count of our orgasms, more out of curiosity than anything, and by the end of the weekend (including Monday, which was a holiday), I had cum 47 times, Jill 46 and Mel 44. Monday night I decided that I would even things up, and made Mel cum 5 times, and Jill 3. I was now 2 orgasms behind, and Jill and Mel both worked on me to bring me up to 49. We then decided to make it an even 50, and we got in a circle on the floor and licked each other to simultaneous orgasms.

That night I slept for 14 solid hours. When I woke, Mel was gone to class and my pussy was aching. The muscles in my groin were tight and I had trouble walking. I managed to make it to the shower and winced as the water washed over my raw pussy. As I was getting out, I saw Jill coming in, and the way she was walking told me she was feeling the same way.

While we needed a few days to recover without any sex, Jill, Mel and I began a routine of amazing sex. The orgasm count became a common occurrence, and whoever was ahead at the end of a session would have to bring the other two even. The rule became hard and fast: we all had to have the same number of orgasms. Not surprisingly, none of us had a problem with that.

*****

During our first year, the three of us spent a lot of time together, but we still managed to have sex with other people. I had started seeing a guy regularly, as did Jen. Mel had started 'dating' Lexi, though she made it clear to Lexi that she still wanted to fuck the occasional guy. Nobody outside of us knew about our threesome.

One day, after we had just finished fucking each other to a dozen orgasms, Mel brought up Lexi.

"I think she thinks I'm getting some on the side," Mel said. 

"But you are, " I said. "Didn't you tell her you still fuck guys?"

"No, not that," Mel said, taking a pull on a joint she had just sparked. "She's fine with that. She thinks I'm fucking another girl. That would drive her nuts."

"Really?" Jill asked. "Why?"

"She sees me as her girlfriend, as far as girls are concerned," Mel explained. "As long as I'm fucking a guy, she's fine, but if she caught me fucking another girl, that would be cheating and it'd be over."

"Wow," I said. "Why does she think you're cheating?"

"She says I'm getting better at eating pussy," Mel said. "Which I am, but I try to tell her it's because she's a good teacher."
