 "Your Organizer is here!" Emma places her purse on the entry side-table.

"Mmm, I need to be sorted-out!" You say, emerging from behind a corner wearing a lab coat, lace knickers and medical gloves. "Shut the front door!" You snap your gloves.

Emma slams the door on command and opens her wool trench. Pockets in the liner reveal neatly arranged lubes and vibrators.

You see a French maid's uniform before she tauntingly closes her trench, and sassily paces her way to you. Her fingers vigorously run through your hair and pull your neck back for a long lick.

"Mmm, I love cleaning. Anything you want me to dust?" She whispers in your ear as she slides a hand beneath your lab coat and runs her fingertips along the lips of your lace-covered crotch.

You slip your hands under her trench and pinch her nipples.

"Naughty girl!" She says, slapping your hands and pinning them between your back and couch. "Spread your legs!" She kicks your feet apart and presses her hip to your clit.

You devour her in a long, lustful kiss. "Mmm seems like you have some more learning to do." You win the tongue tug-of-war.

"Maybe the student will teach today." Emma locks you against the couch with her body. A strange vibration buzzes from her crotch.

"That's different." You say, puzzled.

"Vibrating Chastity Belt."

"Isn't that an oxymoron?" You ask, laughing. Your hands begin to search the pockets of her liner.

"UH uh uh. Later you can pick which dildo you want." Her smile traces your neck.

She nips you. GASP. You pull her coat over her shoulders for a better look at her scrumptious uniform.

"Cute, Emma!" You say as she growls hungrily into your collarbone.

"I love collarbones!" Her tongue outlines your trapezius muscle. The vibrations grow stronger and she pounds your cunt playfully to hear your musical giggles.

Suddenly she nails you hard, preventing you from moving. The vibrations increase. Your eyes widen with delight. She holds you tightly, rocking you, pinned against the couch. You are unable, nor wanting to block the building pressure. You are at the peak, about to tip.

She pulls away in spite of your frustrated whine.

"That was mean." You say, but before you can truly finish the sentence you've a mouthful of tongue and she's toying with your butt, still refusing to release your hands. You try to wrestle, but Emma's youthful muscle wins. She bites your neck swiftly and rams you with such intent that the vibrations send you into machine gun orgasms. One blissful moan shrieking beautifully after another.

Crumbled in her arms, she whispers in your ear, "I've wanted to do that since I took your class two years ago."

You rip her coat off, intent to regain authority. She picks you up behind the knees and gently tosses you onto the couch. Then jumps over the back, chasing after you. Together you toss and turn, wrestling, kissing, nipping, sucking everything within reach. She pins you again, her mouth at your jaw while you bite your lips in ecstasy as the vibrating chastity belt presses against you. Mmm.

"Which Dildo do you want?" She asks.

You see her Trench strewn over the back of the couch and reach for it, grinning.

The selection of stainless steel vibrating strap-ons is astounding, all perfectly astute for the lock-and-load hole in front of Emma's Vibrating Chastity Belt. There are labels, names for each unique device. You withdraw The Peacock, a long, 1-1/2 inch-thick elven-crafted dildo, engraved with peacocks whose beaks are strategically placed to help dilate your hidden caverns of bliss.

"Wow, you've really gotten good!" You praise your ex-student, running your hands along the flawless craftsmanship.

"I can't take all the credit. If it hadn't been for your metal smithing course, I wouldn't be this good."

"With your unbreakable determination, you can absolutely take all the credit. Well-done, Emma!"

Your hands caress the steel, bring it to your lips for a playful peck, then sassily pull her cunt forward and shove the dildo into Emma's chastity hole, twisting it into lock mode. The twisting turns the vibrator on. "Don't give it to me when I ask. Make me want it." You say, lingering before her lips. Just when she leans in to lick your lips, you pull away and laugh.

"Oo!" She says reproachfully, grinning as she shoves you onto your back and pins your hands above your head. She withdraws a chain with handcuffs from her trench and applies them tactfully, commandeering your vain composure.

You lay smirking, hands cuffed behind your head. "Now what, Emma?" You ask cheekily.

Emma winks and rubs your clit with the steel rod of power until you're so needy you try arriving by bucking.

"No no no." She croons to your whimpers, spanks you, pulls the chain taut and rolls you onto your side.

She continues to attack your clit, rubbing it with vicious intent. Your breathing is overwhelmed by the tantalizing vibrations buzzing stronger than you imagined. This dildo is indispensable. You must add it to your collection! The engraved peacock beaks are precision-experts, grazing your clit from one unsuspected angle, only to surprise you again, and again, and again..

The head of the vibrator slowly slips into your teased cunt, poking in and out. "Are you flustered?" She prods your ego, facing you to a mirror so you can see your red cheeks and chest.

The head pokes in and remains. Right when you try to squeeze its titillating vibrations, she pulls out. A groan involuntarily erupts between your lips.

"No complaining!" She pinches your nipples.

"Emma, please! I need to come!"

Soft, breaths hover against your ear. "No." She says flatly and pulls you from the couch to the windows. You stumble across the floor, not realizing your clit was so aroused your legs slipped into a well of tingles.

Emma rips open the blinds and pushes you against the large full-body windows. Your body is smeared across the windows, exhibited to any walker-by, nipples proud and pressed against the glass.

"Well, this is new of you." You laugh, smile and turn your head to its side so Emma can flutter your face with tiny kisses.

She doesn't want to stop kissing you.

The peacock enters your cunt from behind. No matter how tight you want to clench, achieve orgasm, you can't. Its beaks spread you, massaging the stress from your cunt.

A vengeance strikes your eyes. Emma recognizes it in the reflection of the glass and braces her hands aside yours, leaning in with all her might.

You pound against The Peacock, desperate, when the strap-on does something unexpected. It thrusts repeatedly, wrenching gasps and squeals as a riptide of ecstasy rushes through you. It raptures your body, rendering you limp.

Emma licks your ear, enjoying your irrepressible shudders. "It's calibrated to trigger when you pound." She whispers.