 This is thus far my first and only erotic tale. I want to continue this but that may or may not happened depending on feedback and time/creativity! Enjoy!

Pt. 1 - The Preparation

----------------------------------------------

The massive cathedral stood tall and proud, a seemingly ancient and holy building to anyone who took a glimpse, not a frequent occasion due to the heavily wooded area in which it was located. However, the young Sara knew, this was far from any typical place of worship.

For one thing, it was almost always closed off to the public. Save for special occasions, not a soul that did not belong to the Order of Natural Pride, an old Order of nuns that had recently revived during the past few years, was allowed within its halls. Even then, men in particular were rarely allowed within its walls. For the remainder of the year, only the sisters of the resident Order would be seen coming and going to the Chapel from the living quarters not far from the aged building.

For another, it was one of the first few religious buildings to be re-purposed after having been abandoned due to a lack of staff and patrons from the previous Christian inhabitants. Over the recent decades the faith had sharply declined as earthly desire began to be more and more celebrated, rather than hidden away.

Indeed, all the crosses, statues, and what-have-you had been replaced with sacred objects that would have given the previous owners of the establishment an absolute fit.

Where there was once a statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary, there was instead a statue of the adulterous woman Jezebel, nude and in a scandalous pose, her breasts open to the viewer as she bent down ever so slightly, her nails almost digging into her thighs in apparent ecstasy as she moved to present her body to be groped. A presentation of The Nativity Scene had been replaced with a woman nursing two fellow grown women, the detailed work even showing milk leaking from the mouths of the nursed, breasts squeezed by their hands.

Instead of icons of the Holy Family and various saints adorning the walls of the cathedral, there were illustrations of women, alone or in groups, touching and caressing each-other.

Stained glass windows had been completely redone, replacing depictions of the Stations of the Cross with various images of three different women, nude as expected, one presenting her lactating breasts, another spreading her lips and producing a stream of piss, and the last woman spreading her cheeks to shit, all three shown with legions of worshipers straining for every drop and load. Sara could barely recall their names, only remembering that they were the "Patron Maidens" of their devotion, the founders of the Order.

Not even the pews had been neglected in this transformation, kneelers being fitted with wooden wedges every few inches, so as to allow any devout patron to kneel with their legs spread apart at the knee to expose their genitalia instead of closed firm.

Mind lingering over the thought of when she would get to kneel and reflect with her knees set far apart, rules of the convent dictating that the other sisters may touch and feel her as they pleased at all times, Sara fell further into her distracted state as she stared out the window by her desk in a fairly small classroom. She failed to notice the bereaved Sister Quinn, the woman who minded the education of the initiates, standing right beside her.

"Miss Sara!" snapped the older woman. Sara spun around in her chair, her pale face already beet red at the embarrassment of having been caught distracted, the other initiates around her suppressing their giggles. "Having fun staring into space, are we?" asked Sister Quinn.

The woman was in her late thirties, the oldest woman in the room of older teens and young adults, although not less attractive than her students in the least. There was not a wrinkle to be seen on her face, in turn surrounded by the healthy blonde hair peaking out of her habit. Her robe, typical of all the Sisters living at the Convent, able to be adjusted to expose the breasts and pussy if desired, fit tightly around her large breasts and firm rear. Often a distraction to her students, they were currently a show of authority as said breasts were shoved in Sara's blushing face. She couldn't help but think back to the day before, coming in early for help with her studies and the Sister allowing her to suckle on them while she went over the material again. The tutoring session had ended in perfect timing with Sara finishing off the milk in both her teacher's breasts.

Quickly thinking up an answer to the rhetorical question, Sara replied, "Why, Sister Quinn, I was only admiring the architecture of our dear Cathedral...and looking forward to our first reflection period inside it!" She finished off her play of innocence by twirling a bit of her black curls with a finger.

The other girls in the classroom, admiring the quick comeback, visibly relaxed when Sister Quinn seemed to approved of what she had heard.

"Very well, my dear. I certainly cannot blame you for doing what all our Sisters here did when they were initiates, myself included! Just be sure to keep the daydreaming outside of the classroom in the future. Right, Miss Sara?" Showing her approval, the Sister had stepped behind the girl's chair and began to caress the younger girl's breasts, sending shivers down the spines of Sara and several other girls watching.

Their teacher had often used physical means of both positive and negative reinforcement, groping and rubbing when positive, spanking when negative. This was easily accomplished as initiates were always required to be naked, save for sandals protecting their feet, to show submission to their Sister superiors. Sometimes, if she was pleased enough, she would invite the rest of the class to feel and caress an initiate's body, which would often last the rest of the class period.

Sara smiled and nodded, realizing that she was not really lying. Keeping her arms at her sides and leaning forward just a bit to allow her teacher better access to her breasts, as she had been taught at orientation weeks ago, she remembered her excitement for the seasonal event in which the entire Order would join in the cathedral for an entire day of reflection and prayer, spending sunrise to sundown with legs spread apart on the kneelers and hands clasped together between their breasts, drawing attention to and presenting their bodies as they prayed, robes adjusted to expose their breasts and pussies as they meditated.

Sister Quinn finished her praise of the girl's body and returned to the front of the class, sitting behind her desk. A few initiates sitting near Sara took the opportunity to feel her breasts as well, bring forth a few quiet moans from the girl and leaving lingering touches as they turned to pay attention, Sara adjusting so as not to leave too much slick wetness on her seat.

"As your first reflection period is tomorrow, I suppose I should go over again what you are expected to do, and the standards we expect you to reach..." the Sister pondered openly.

A good number of the initiates nodded in agreement, and Sister Quinn began to reiterate the duties of every initiate during the times in which they would serve the Sisters reflecting in the Cathedral.

"To begin, the reflection period is a time of great reverence, in which the Sisters here at the Order of Natural Pride expose themselves during prayer in order to further connect with their own inner desires and needs. I need not remind you that not only are you to be bare as usual, but you are to also leave your sandals at the door upon entering the Cathedral, so as not to separate yourself from the holy ground, as well as each other."

The class, Sara included, nodded again in understanding.

The Sister continued, "As we pray, you are all to service us throughout the reflection period. You must carry water to Sisters who are thirsty, and trays of bread to Sisters who are hungry. However, as you know, your duties do not end there."

Sara felt a familiar shiver go down her spine as her favorite part of the explanation drew near.

"Each Sister will need to relieve themselves throughout the reflection period, and to interrupt this time of prayer would surely disrupt their meditation. As initiates, your duties extend to allowing them to relieve themselves both on, and into you, so they may be able to remain kneeling. Are there any questions so far?"

One of the younger initiates, a small, bespectacled brunette girl that Sara knew by the name of Ashley, rose her hand timidly.

"Yes, Sister." asked Ashley, "How are we to properly move ourselves so we may relieve the Sisters?"

"A good question, Ashley." replied Sister Quinn, "If you would like to come up to the front of the class, I find it would be much easier to demonstrate it to your fellow initiates, rather than explain it."

Attempting to hide her excitement, Ashley stopped herself from shooting up from her desk, choosing rather to slowly rise from her chair and steadily walk towards the Sister's desk.

"Now, I will kneel as the Sisters will in the chapel," explained the older woman, "and you will move yourself as I instruct. Make sure that your fellow initiates can see how you are positioned!"

Sister Quinn got up from behind her desk and went to the corner nearest to her, bringing to the front of the class a mock kneeler, wedges and all. She then began to adjust her robe, nonchalantly unbuttoning the cloth covering her breasts and the section over her crotch, revealing both and instantly having the full attention of her class, as if she did not have it already. She lowered herself and knelt down on it, spreading her legs so they were on the outer sides of the wooden wedges, and motioned her head to beckon Ashley closer, who obeyed and moved next to her.

"Now, as to remain in meditation, for the most part we Sisters will remain silent in prayer. As you make your rounds with pitchers of water and trays of bread, a Sister will simply gesture towards it with her head or hand and you will serve her. If she requires relief, she will only make eye-contact. Now, there are a few things she may wish for you to do, so pay close attention."

Sara wondered if this was Sister Quinn making some sort of a joke, as every pair of eyes in the room was practically welded to her.

The woman continued, "As you may have noticed, some of the Sisters in the Order, including myself, are currently experiencing the pleasure of lactation. As such, we may need relief from our breasts. If a Sister needs this, she will present her breasts to you to suckle."

With this, Sister Quinn straightened up in her kneeling position and stuck out her breasts to Ashley, who quickly knelt down in front of her, practically salivating only a few inches away from her teachers breasts that were already leaking stray drops of milk.

"You need only set your pitcher or tray down beside you, and kneel in front of the Sister like Ashley has done, then simply begin to suckle on either breast the Sister has presented." continued Sister Quinn.

Taking the cue from her teacher, Ashley began to suckle on Sister Quinn's right breast, resting both her hands on her teacher's chest both to steady herself and to extract more milk. The older woman did not react too visibly, but her pussy was visibly moist, and her face had become flushed. Ashley moved to the other breast, suckling and enjoying every moment on her teacher's tit.

When Sister Quinn was satisfied, she pulled her breast from Ashley's mouth and smiled at her, beckoning her to stand beside her again. As she began to show her approval by feeling between the girl's legs, she continued her explanation.

"Now, you will also have to assist the Sisters by allowing them to piss in you, as well as shit either in, or on you. Although to some it may not be as enjoyable as suckling, it is crucial in learning your connections to not only the desires of the Order, but the desires of your own body." Ignoring the moans of the young student beside her as she continued to feel her pussy with her hand, she continued, "If a sister needs to urinate, she will use her hand to spread her lips apart, like so."

Sister Quinn demonstrated a fluid motion in which she used two fingers to spread the lips of her cunt apart, waiting a moment as the initiates craned their necks for a better angle at her glistening pussy, while the teacher's other hand still moved back and forth, spreading and feeling the folds of Ashley's own sex, while the young girl closed her eyes and relished the pleasure.

"Again placing your jug or tray beside you on the floor, you are to lower yourself so that your mouth is directly below the Sister's lips."

Saying this, she pulled her hand away from Ashley and placed it on her rear, smearing her own wetness on her ass while she guided her to stand behind her, then lower herself between her legs. Ashley moved her mouth to be under Sister Quinn's urethra, taking care to avoid knocking against the kneeler.

"Remember, you are expected to drink every drop of piss that falls from a Sister. Even if you do, you are to lick it from the floor. Every drop you drink will bring you closer to your earthly desires, and completing your initiation.", continued the teacher.

Saying this, she released the muscles around her bladder and began pissing directly into Ashley's mouth. The young girl quickly began swallowing, not wanting to have to lick the floor, although she realized she might not mind if it was Sister Quinn commanding her to. The torrent of piss continued until it was a small stream, ending in a drip. Ashley swallowed one last mouthful of her teacher's piss and got ready to stand back up, until she realized she had missed a few drips. Sister Quinn noticed as well, although not because it splashed on the floor, but because she felt it drip down her own legs.

Beaming with excitement, Ashley did not wait for her teacher to instruct her to clean her thighs, instead quickly licking the woman's legs until not a drop of the golden liquid remained.

Sister Quinn was doubly pleased at the obedience of her young initiate, and turned her head to smile warmly at her, again beckoning to return to standing at her side. Ashley obeyed, enjoying the return of her teacher's hand to her young pussy, which was, in turn, practically dripping.

Meanwhile, Sara was sitting in the back of the room, both her hands at her own sex. It took all of her self-control not to finger herself into oblivion at the sights she was seeing, resigning herself to feeling her lips and stroking at her clitoris. Glancing about, she saw she was far from the only girl to surrender to the heat burning between her thighs. In fact, the only girl not touching herself that she could see was Ashley, who was being touched instead by Sister Quinn.

Her teacher's voice snapped her back to reality. "Now, we often have initiates who have difficulty assisting with this particular relief. As such, you do not necessarily have to consume the Sister's shit for her relief. However, if you do not choose to do this, you must allow her to shit on you instead, smear it on yourself, and continue your duties as normal. It is often a preferable option, in fact, as it shows your pride and faith in the carnal desires and passions of the Order to present shit on your body, particularly on your breasts and pussy."

Sara thought of how it would feel to have shit from various Sisters smeared all over her body, her skin turned into a smooth brown. The thought of the smooth feeling of smearing it on her chest and cunt almost kept her from seeing Ashley finish the demonstration.

Sister Quinn showed the class the position in which a Sister will spread her ass in order to signal a passing initiate that she wished to shit in, or on her. Ashley opted to move her entire body beneath the older woman, her chest being directly under her puckering anus. With a grunt, the teacher began to push a large log of shit out of her and onto the young student. As it fell on Ashley's chest, she hesitated to touch it until Sister Quinn gave her the same warm smile. With new confidence, she began to smear it into her breasts and stomach, giving herself a smooth and even layer of brown on her front, even smoothing some to her thighs. Sister Quinn helped her up, but instead of allowing her to sit down, she had her lay face-up on her desk.

The teacher explained, "Now, class, another aspect of your lives here that you must learn is cooperation. I expect you all to help each other out during this. An example of teamwork that can be shown during your service in a reflection period is to assist an initiate who has opted to smear instead of swallow to smear the Sister's relief nice and evenly over her body, to prevent any from dropping to the floor, and to increase the effect of the service. I want all of you to come to the front, now."

Ashley had a look of anticipation on her face. She had never had the pleasure of pleasing Sister Quinn so much that she had the experience of all the hands in the room on her body, but now not only would she have that, but they would be spreading the Sister's shit on her skin! Sara couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy, but ignored it as she moved to the front of the class with the rest of the initiates, choosing to enjoy the sight rather than feel envious.

Each girl rested their hands on Ashley's body, slowly starting to work in the smeared shit the teacher had given her. To their shock, Sister Quinn climb up on the table, and stood over Ashley's chest!

"Be prepared for some Sisters to need multiple visits in one reflection, my dears. Some may need more assistance in relieving themselves.", the woman instructed. With that, she effortlessly excreted another thick, long log of shit onto the younger girl's chest. Ashley showed her thanks by quickly licking her teacher's small anus clean, met by a long groan by Sister Quinn, who stepped off the desk, buttoned up her robe, and covered herself while observing her students.

"Very good, class! I've no doubt that you'll all do fine in serving the Order during the reflection. However, as you will see, you will also be unable to use the facilities for the day while you serve us. Another aspect of teamwork and cooperation you must show is being able to assist each-other in relief."

The girls, just having learned this now, looked almost shocked! They hadn't even thought about their own needs for the reflection, and that they too would need to relieve themselves throughout the day.

Sister Quinn continued, "Yes, if a fellow initiate is having trouble containing her own fluids, you must assist her as you would a Sister, though said initiate will remain standing as she relieves herself into you as opposed to kneeling as a Sister would."

During this, Sara and the other girls smeared the new pile of shit over as much as Ashley as they could. Her breasts and stomach were completely covered, as well as her thighs and most of her arms. Ashley clearly enjoyed the feeling, as her small cunt had begun to drip upon the desk, following one of the older initiates smearing shit over the small pink lips.

Sara's mind was reeling. The sight before her, as well as its scent, had been driving her crazy for the few short minutes it had continued, but now not only was she to serve her Sisters, but her fellow initiates? The scenarios in her mind threatened to bring her to orgasm without her even touching herself. She had already dripped down her thighs, wondering what it would feel like to allow her own piss to do the same as it flowed into the mouth of any one of her fellow classmates.

Bringing Sara and the entire room out of its daze, a bell was heard ringing in the distance.

"The afternoon bell!" exclaimed Sister Quinn, "I suppose class is adjourned. I will see you all in the dining hall for dinner then!"
