 "I don't believe this! I mean, don't get me wrong...I'm kinda shocked...Let me think a second," said Wendy Hollander, as she stood there with all kinds of thoughts running through her head. 

Then a smile crossed her face, a big mischievous smile; "Sure, oh my God, I'm getting hot thinking about it. Great! But you and your sister are sworn to secrecy. Nobody, like NOBODY, else can know. You trust Mandy? Right?"

"I trust her, maybe more than I trust you; I saw that smile. She's a sweet kid and I want her to love this, and want it more and more," responded Karen, "and just wait till you see her body! OK, I'm sure we'll talk, but come over Saturday around four o'clock. Mandy and I have it set up that our parents will be going to some hotel over Saturday night, they wont be back until some time later on Sunday.

And Wendy, bring your friend Mr. D!"

Wendy paused, and then she caught on, " Really? Oh, this is going to be one great party! Why don't we get some beer or something, to loosen us up? It's only Wednesday, I can't stand this; look, I've got to got to the little girl's room, my twat's aching already!"

"Bye, Wendy; see you Saturday."

"Oh, you bet" was all that Karen heard as Wendy trotted down the hall to the bathroom. 

Wendy was thin and of medium height with long blonde hair. She had a pretty face with fine features but her legs were her best assets, long and lithe with just the right amounts of muscle and softness. Karen stared at Wendy's ass, covered by a short flaring skirt, and had to bite her lip to keep from letting out a sigh. 

After dinner Karen told Mandy that everything was set. And Mandy nearly squealed in anticipation of the upcoming fleshfest. Karen also showed her the three bottles of wine she bought on the way home. One of her friends had a brother that worked in the liquor store, she stopped in and luckily he remembered her. He recommended the wine as a better way to get buzzed than beer. She thought the wine was more erotic and sensuous than beer anyway, done deal. EVERYTHING was ready... Mandy left, she had papers to deliver.

But there were three days to go. And all these plans for the threesome were now getting to Karen. Later, as she came up from hiding the wine in the basement, she heard the shower running and saw Mandy's motor scooter in the driveway. Mandy was home from the evening paper route... and in the shower!!

Karen flew up the stairs, dropping her shorts and tee-shirt on the way. She entered the bathroom in silence and peeked around the shower curtain. Mandy was standing there relaxing in the warm spray. Her left hand was gently rubbing her pussy; she had her back to Karen. Karen watched for a few seconds and thought, "Well, it looks like she's finding it hard to wait also. Perhaps a little foreplay would do us both some good." 

She reached in, slowly, aiming her fingers at the place where legs, ass and vagina meet. She hit her mark perfectly; Mandy jumped up and back toward Karen and let out a gasp. Karen took advantage of the closeness of Mandy and her fingers slid between Mandy's nether lips.

Mandy was in fantasyland when her sister touched her, her surprise was short lived as she melted at the more insistent handling of her needy pussy. Karen's fingers opened and rubbed her wonderfully, she felt herself being pulled back until suddenly she felt soft lips kissing and a tongue licking her young backside. The feeling was so sensuous and gentle as her sister mouth massaged her butt cheeks that she could have stayed there for hours. Mandy felt Karen's tongue begin to enter the cleft between her half-melons and she instinctively opened her legs. Karen took the cue and pressed a single finger upward through the wet slit of Mandy's pussy and gently, oh, so, gently tickled the under side of her sister's bulging clit. A ripple of pleasure immediately poured outward from Mandy's sex and she bent over at the waist pushing down harder; trying to stimulate her now desperate sex organ. This motion separated her asscheeks and allowed Karen access to that previously unexplored cleavage.

Karen's tongue gently licked and tickled deep between her sister's sweet buttocks.

Karen had shimmied out of her panties and was now kneeling, straddling the edge of the tub. She was applying pressure to her pussy and humping the cool white porcelain. Her girl juices were making the tub edge slick and matting her pubic hair. A raging need was getting to her and she was now running on 'automatic pilot'.

Mandy felt her sister tonguing her way down the crack of her ass right to her puckered asshole. The lips and tongue felt unbelievable and she remained bent slightly at the waist with her butt jutting out so her sister could give her the full treatment. As Karen touched that taboo orifice with the tip of her tongue Mandy's legs turned to jelly, and her insides began to tremble. She grasped both breasts in her hands and squeezed the pert mounds; she circled with her fingers just around her nipples. Her sister's finger was firmly planted in her slit and the fingertip was rubbing her clit sending waves of pleasure down through her thighs. The probing tongue began to move in wet, warm circles around her sensitive anus; and she could take it no longer. She brusquely kneaded her breasts and pinched her nipples and she felt those spasms of need rise in her belly. The sources of pleasure converged, the pressure of imminent orgasm sent her brain reeling and her pelvis rocking. She quivered in need as well as delight as she went over the edge... Mandy shuddered and convulsed; her thighs clenched Karen's hand and poured musky liquid over it. She dropped to her knees in the tub and shook uncontrollable as her orgasm overcame her completely. It was unbelievable. As the orgasmic spasms began to subside she looked back at her sister, who was holding her by the waist, and simple smiled; she could do little else.

A few minute of warm water spray brought her back. She turned around and found Karen with her fingers in her own pussy.

"Now you shouldn't have to do that all by yourself" said Mandy, "let me help."

Mandy pushed Karen onto her back in the tub and she moved down and started to kiss Karen's belly button. She grasped Karen's knees and pushed them upward and outward as far as the tub would allow. Karen's pussy was open for Mandy to savor. Mandy dropped her head and sensing the stage of readiness of her sister, immediately began licking the full length of that open slit. Karen's clit responded quickly by poking out from its covering and Mandy's satiny tongue was there to meet it. Waves of pleasure poured out from Karen's vulva and her toes began to curl. The jets of water from the shower were hitting her directly on her nipples; causing them to grow and harden. This made them so sensitive that she wrapped her hand around the meaty part of her C cups and squeezed for all she was worth. 

Mandy spread her sister's pussy lips and sucked her clitoris between her lips. She ran her tongue rapidly over the turgid end and pressed her lips over the engorged mini-shaft. Karen was on the verge...

"Mandy, do it!!... Harder!! YESS!"

Karen was shaking and she pinched her distended nipples HARD!

"Lick Me, YESSS, Make me cum, Ohhh Yeah, Yeah...It's happening, don't stop...don't STOP, OH MY, OH MY, I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING, AARRGGHH"

And a gush of girl juice poured from her insides as her hips involuntarily humped Mandy's face. Mandy lapped up as much cumjuice as she could. Karen's pent up release was powerful and long. And she savored each sensation.

When it was over Karen sat up, took the soap and said "maybe it time we clean something besides the pipes."

Mandy wasn't so sure that either of them was completely sated, but their parents would be wondering how a shower could take so long, "yeah I think so."

Saturday took forever to get here. But finally their parents tossed two suitcases into the trunk of the car and waved goodbye. Before they left they warned the two girls about not having a party in the house. Karen assured them that only Wendy was coming over "to finish a project that would keep them very busy". They seemed satisfied with that.

As soon as their parent's Taurus disappeared around the curve Karen flew to the phone.

"Wendy, Oh, Wendy; the coast is clear. It's 2 o'clock. When can you get here?"

"I'll be there by 4. I'd be there sooner but my father needs the car, so he'll drop me off in a couple of hours, AND he'll pick me up TOMORROW MORNING! I think my parent are glad to get me out of the house for the night."

"Damn, that's great, this is going to be the best," said Karen, " we'll see you soon, bye."

Karen and Mandy got their chores out of the way just as a knock was heard at the door. Mandy let Wendy in as Karen was off somewhere finishing some chores. Wendy had an overnight bag that was stuffed full and a grin that went from ear to ear. She kissed Mandy hello and came in. Mandy noticed that she was wearing a silky pink minidress that buttoned down the front and strappy sandals on her feet.

"So what do you have to drink?" started Wendy, ready to get things going.

Karen appeared as if by cue, from the basement with two bottles of wine in her hands and wearing, to the girls' astonishment, a red skintight catsuit with matching high heel pumps. "So, did I hear somebody say 'Let's start this party'?"

"Holy Shit" gushed Wendy.

"Wow" was the only word that stunned Mandy could utter.

The wine was opened and glasses were filled as the girls giggled, talked and teased each other as they stretched out on the living room carpet. Most of the conversation centered on Karen's new outfit. As their inhibitions started to drop, Karen explained.

"I just bought it yesterday, the lingerie shop over in Greenwich. It's 90% Lycra and 10% Latex. I saw it on a mannequin and asked to try one on. It was so small out of the package that the salesgirl had to explain how to shimmy into it. After a few minutes she came into the dressing room to adjust the fit; but she pushed it around on my breasts and rear; I think she came in just to cop a feel and get something going. I think I may have to go back there soon," Karen laughed.

Wendy starting to feel that need deep in her belly and ran her fingertips up Karen's legs and round buttocks; sampling the fabric and the pliant girlflesh. Mandy began to get curious and got into the action by giving her sister a back massage. Wendy unbuttoned the top of her minidress and sidled up next to Karen. She planted a big wet kiss on Karen's mouth and then rolled to her back. Wendy was lying at Karen's side; she lifted her knees and wrapped her long legs around Mandy, who was kneeling next to her sister. With this Wendy's dress slid up her thighs showing Mandy that the only thing between the two of them was Wendy's tiny pink g-string. Mandy didn't know what to do with her hands; continue with her sister's massage or go for what Wendy was offering. She picked up her glass of wine and drank deeply, twice.

Karen and Wendy were making out and groping each other, so she decided to watch for a while. A short while, it turned out, as the two girls below her reached up to get her involved. 

Mandy felt arms slip upward along her back, wrap around her ribcage, waist and ass and pull her toward two eager faces already flushed with lust. Her body was pulled down onto the bellies and breasts below her. The softness of the contact was welcoming as she relaxed and turned her face up to meet the waiting lips and tongues. Karen began to kiss her lips deeply as Wendy used her tongue to tenderly tickle Mandy's ear. Mandy kissed her sister back and began to probe her mouth. Wendy reached under Mandy's shirt and found Mandy's right breast covered by a sexy brassiere; she rubbed and caressed the supple flesh through the silky cup material. The kissing and groping continued as Mandy found her shirt unbutton and pulled out from her short-shorts. Karen hugged Mandy's waist as Wendy reached around and unhooked Mandy's bra. As her bra fell off her, two wet soft mouths immediately recovered both breasts; both began sucking and licking her nipples and areolas. 

Mandy was not conscious of her surroundings anymore. These girls were sending her off into a place where only sensation is needed. She closed her eyes and felt hot, moist sucking and smooth, pressing and pinching fingers all over her body. She was holding each girl, one on each of her breasts totally lost in pleasure. 

The next actual thought she had was of her shorts being lowered over her thighs. They had managed to unsnap and unzip them without notice. She had no will of her own and no choice; she was rolled onto her back and her shorts were pulled off her legs. A skimpy bikini panty was the only thing keeping her from total nakedness. She was determined to keep them on a bit longer and get someone else in that room naked also. She gathered her will, opened her eyes and focused on Wendy. She reached forward and began to unbutton Wendy's minidress. When she had nearly all the buttons undone she peeled back the silky fabric and pushed the dress off Wendy's white shoulders. She pulled Wendy up and began to kiss Wendy's neck and face. It was just then that Mandy noticed that Wendy was not wearing a bra.

Wendy's breasts were full and round. They reached outward, pert and ripe, tipped by an exquisite pink nipple. Mandy's hand moved to them and began to caress the creamy flawless skin, on the side and then under. Wendy responded by pressing her tongue into Mandy's mouth and probing gently. Mandy increased the pressure on Wendy's right breast and squeezed the pliant flesh. Wendy responded by kneeling up and popping her nipple into Mandy's mouth. Mandy eagerly swirled her tongue around the areola and then directly onto the stiffening teat. It grew thick and long and Mandy sucked it until she heard Wendy sigh for the first time. She then turned her attention to the left breast...

Karen, who had stopped her ministrations to Mandy's breasts to watch the action, saw that Mandy was lost pleasuring Wendy and took the opportunity to get behind Mandy, grasp the thin side straps of her bikini bottom, and ease them off her sister's bottom. Karen had them as far as they could go, down to Mandy's knees. She then got Wendy's attention and signaled to her to flip the teen onto her back. Wendy pressed her breasts against Mandy's face and held a shoulder with each of her hands. Karen grasped Mandy's hips and... FLIP!!... she was turned onto her back before she knew what had happened. Karen immediately tore the panties from Mandy's legs, and ran her tongue over her sister's moist vulva. The young girl, taken by surprise, didn't know what hit her. Her legs shot up and her sister pushed them outward opening her sex to greater stimulation. Wendy, her breasts needing more attention, straddled Mandy's belly and dropped her firm orbs in front of Mandy's face. This placed her ass, covered only by the pink g-string, about six inches from Karen's face. 

Mandy began kissing and licking Wendy's tits, sending pulses of desire through her body. Mandy could hardly focus on pleasuring Wendy as her vagina was getting a good licking of its own, but they soon fell into a rhythmic pattern of licking, kissing, rubbing and nibbling pleasure. Karen, however, faced with that trimmed blonde pussy just inches from her nose; decided to get things going. She reached up with her free hand and gently slid a saliva-moistened index finger under the g-string at a point between Wendy's vagina and rectum. She ran her finger down and right into Wendy's wet slit. 

Wendy responded, "Ooohh!" but then humped down on Mandy's belly obtained greater pressure from Karen's finger. Karen pulled away, ripping the thin lingerie string and exposing a puckered pink sphincter. Karen smiled at the view but decided that one more naked girl was needed to complete the scene. She kneeled up over the top of Wendy pulling her unbuttoned dress down off her arms, leaving it puddled around her waist. Karen looked lustfully at the scene; Mandy was totally naked and spread-eagle; Wendy, with a wisp of a dress around only her waist, was lying on top of her. Here, now, were three girls desperately in need of orgasms.

Karen sat lightly across Mandy's hips rotating her pelvis down so that the sisters' pubic mounds could rub. Her spandex cover pussy must have felt good to Mandy as her sister immediately began to grind back. Karen leaned on Wendy's back, reached around and squeezed handfuls of breastmeat. She was careful not to cover the large areolas and directed the bulging nipples into her sister's mouth. Mandy licked and bit and sucked on Wendy's turgid flesh sending waves of pleasure through the girl. Mandy grasped the breasts from Karen, licking and sucking them and squeezing from them all the pleasure that they could yield. Karen, her hands now free, went to Wendy's wet vagina. She eased Wendy up and spread her vaginal lips with her right hand. She then began to lightly tease the slick wanton pussy with the fingers of her left hand. Probing the flowing opening and running her fingers up to Wendy's swelling clitoris. Wendy began to quiver from the attention to her pussy and breasts. A few moments of this and Wendy needed more.

She raised her backside up exposing her sex to Karen's view and pushing her breasts onto Mandy's face. Mandy doubled her efforts on the orbs, biting and licking the areolas and squeezing them from the underside. While Wendy was enjoying, Karen thought, "Enough; time to get serious."

She turned over, wiggled up so her head rested on her sister's belly and the back of her neck was on her pussy. This put her mouth just inches away from Wendy's dripping vagina. Karen grasped Wendy's ass with both hands and pulled the wet pussy to her waiting tongue. She immediately swirled and twirled the entire dripping slit. Up and down, around and in; Wendy began to moan and shake; the sensations were sending her into a state of frenzy. She responded with moans and an increased flow of pussy nectar; Karen lapped at this juicy hotbox.

"Oh, God, YES; that's it. Right there, more, YEESS", Wendy cheerlead. 

Karen found that by twirling her tongue around Wendy's clit, the girl's thighs would shake and she would push her pelvis down against the face below. Karen then moistened an index finger in girljuice and circled and probed Wendy's anus. Just once...

This took Wendy right over the edge as she spasmed and twitched as an orgasm took control of her body.

"Oh, OH, Yeah, OOHH, AAAHH, YEESS, OH GOD, OH GOD, I'M COMING, OHH, NNOOOO..." as she came, and came hard. Wendy shook as she pressed her turgid tits into Mandy's mouth and pushed her swollen cunny to Karen's mouth. Karen allowed Wendy to rub her juicy pussy into her face until the orgasm ran its course. Wendy shook in total bliss.

As Wendy came down from her ecstatic experience, she felt her friends holding her and a gentle suckling at her nipples; she could have stay there for days it was sooo...perfect. Karen had pulled out from between the girls and was lying next to and embracing them both.

"Well, I think that that was a pretty good start", said Karen, "but I need a drink". She went to the kitchen, brought back three glasses and a bottle of wine. They all relaxed for a while and talked (about sex, after all two of them were naked) while they finished the bottle. Mandy, who was eager to get her sister at leased partially out of that red catsuit, started things up again by rubbing Karen's shoulders and then her back through the thin stretchy red spandex. It didn't take long for the thin straps to be slid off of Karen's shoulders and Wendy to take notice of a possible new nakedness.

Mandy began to kiss and lick Karen's thin neck and smooth shoulders; Karen began to tingle. Mandy's hands circled her sister's ribcage and began teasing the perky mounds. Karen, who was enjoying the attention, closed her eyes and relaxed under the ministrations of her sister and the effect of the wine. She was so under a spell that she didn't notice Wendy creep up in front of her and gently take hold of the top of her catsuit. Wendy eased the slippery material down, and further down, the straps where hanging at Karen's elbows and in front the top half of her ample breasts were showing. Karen's eyes began to flutter as she felt the fabric slide over her areolas, but Wendy was quick and pulled the top of the catsuit down to Karen's waist. Karen instinctively moved to cover her orbs with her hands but they got caught in the shoulder straps and Wendy moved in and lathed the magnificent tits with her tongue. Karen quickly fell back under the spell as these two girls licked and kissed her into nirvana.
