 Before I let you read this, I would like to send out a very special thank you to Rowan Elizabeth for all the editing help. Thank You sooo very much hun, You're the Best!!!

Now, Onto the Story... Enjoy!!

*

It's a fall evening and there is nobody walking in the park at this time of night. No one except this beautiful lady walking toward me.

She sees me looking and moves towards me. I start to panic. I move my gaze from her and look beyond the park. I'm trying desperately to calm the pounding of my heart. 

"Baby," she whispers. "You're beautiful." 

It makes no difference that we barely know each other, but there is something about this woman that banishes all reason from my mind.

She wraps her arms around me and hugs me so close. I can feel her breasts push against mine. I slide my hands down her back and pull her closer to me in anticipation she would kiss me. 

"A little late for walking," she says. 

"I missed you and I just had to see you," I said.

She spins out of my arms, reaches for my hand and leads me down a path. She plays softly with my fingers as we walk. Every once in a while we look and smile at each other. 

We reach a little opening in the foliage and she pulls me to sit down under a big oak tree. Her hand never leaves mine as she gently guides me back against the tree. She slides her body down mine and turns her back to me. We sit with her between my legs and my arms wrapped around her chest. 

We stir to each others movements until she turns her head toward me and kisses me so softy on my lips. A little giggle comes from her as she turns back around and presses in closer to me. She wraps her arms around my arms and pulls me tighter. If she only knew what her little tease was doing to me, I am sure she would not have been giggling. 

Then again I am sure she knows just by how she pushes harder against me.

As her grip loosens on my arms, I lift my hands to her shoulders and trailed them down the length of her arms. My hands come to rest on her hips and I moved my fingers in small circles. No words are needed as she reaches for my hand and slides it to rest on her breast. She gently squeezes my hand. As I squeeze her breast, a low sound comes from her. Her body melts closer to me. My free hand moves under her shirt and up to her other breast. She's not wearing a bra. My body responds to the thoughts flooding my mind.

She pushes her breast into the cup of my hand and I'm thrilled. I have always been attracted to the size of her cleavage, but I was not aware of how soft her breasts would be. It all puts me over the edge. I can't stop touching and feeling every inch of her breasts.

She must sense my anticipation. She turns her body around and sits on my lap. Her legs wrap around my waist. She places a finger under my chain to look into my eyes. She leans down to touch my lips with her tongue and slips it into my mouth. Her hands are behind my head and she pushes her tongue deeper into me as if to taste every inch. She slides her tongue out, licking my lips as she backs her head away from mine. 

She reaches down and pulls her shirt over her head, exposing all of her to me. I reach with both hands and caress her breasts. Her response to my touch is electric. She turns her head to the side and licks her lips. I bend down and bring one of her breasts to my lips and start to lick and play with her nipple. I work my way to other nipple and then back and forth between the two. She starts rocking her hips against me to the beat of each lick of my tongue. 

She now places both of her hands on my chest, moving them to the rhythm of my licks. I had been so caught up in the moment I was unaware of how she now had my shirt open. She leans down and places one of my breasts in her mouth. The touch of her tongue on my nipple almost makes me lose control and I feel the wetness of myself run into my pants. If I'm feeling this wet how wet is she? 

I need to know if she is as wet as I am. I reach down and place my hand between her legs. Her jeans are so wet I can hardly contain myself. She places her hand over mine and starts to rock back and forth on my hand. Just as I feel her body shiver, she moves my hand away and, before I know it, she's standing up looking down at me. 

I'm so surprised and start to wonder what I did to make her want to leave. 

At that moment, she reaches down and pulls me up. She has me against the tree and pushes her body into mine. She places her hand behind my head and kisses me like I have never been kissed before. Our arms wrap around each other so tight. 

She moves so she's leaning against the tree, never letting go of this kissed. I slide my tongue in between her lips and run it across her lips to the roof of her mouth. Her body responds by moving in closer and pushing me up against her until there's no room between us. My breasts touch hers. I can feel how hard her nipples are as they shift with the movement of our kiss. 

As she pulls away from our kiss, I look into her eyes - and the look of her eyes begs me to continue. She pulls my head down to her breast, begging me to taste them. As I leans down to place one of them in my mouth, she pulls it away, teasing me with her giggle again. 

"If you want them," she says, "you will need to work for them." 

I look up at her and she has a sparkle in her eyes and her eyebrow rolls up. Every feeling I have in my body shocks with desire. My legs become weak and I'm unsure if I can keep standing. This is until I see her reach and touch her nipples with her own hands. I feel my wetness run down my leg, my lust for her so strong. I fear she's not going to allow me to continue this ecstasy. I feel I can't stop if she says no. But I would stop. 

With that smile on her lips I know she's just teasing me just to see how far I will go. 

Only if she knew. 

I need to taste her wetness. I move in closer and this time I grip her nipple with my mouth and gave it a little nibble. Her body falls into my arms and her knees become as weak as mine. I catch her and I can't help but give a little evil laugh. She giggles and tries to hit me. I catch her wrist and pin it to the tree. The look in her eyes is of surprise, but I start to see a small smile come across her lips. 

She keeps trying to kiss me but this time the game is mine.

She becomes frustrated because I will not let go of her wrist. I didn't allow her kiss me. I lean in and give her a quick kiss and then back away. She tries to lean in for another, but I'm not about to let her kiss me. I want her to see how it feels to be teased. 

Her lips start to pout and turn down after three kisses of this type. My heart starts to melt just from the look on her face. This time I let her have her way as she kisses me with everything she has in her. I place my leg in between her legs and she starts moving her hips to the rhythm of her kiss. My hands travel down her sides and rest on her hips. I place my fingers in her belt loop and pull her into me with each movement of her kiss. I slide my hands along the top of her jeans until they rest on the buckle of her pants. 

As we break off the kiss, I bend down and take her breast in my mouth in the same movement that I unbuckle and unzip her jeans. 

Her body starts to shiver as I kneel down on one knee and pull her jeans down below her hips. I run my hand ever so softly across her pussy. She grips me by the hair and pushes my face so close to her. I have no choice but to taste her. She is so wet and I need to taste all of her. I pull her jeans down and she steps out of then without missing a beat of my tongue. Here she is, no clothes on, leaning against the tree, legs spread open for me to love, holding on to my hair pulling me back and forth with each lick of my tongue and moaning and turning her head from side to side. 

I reach for her leg and place it on my shoulder so I can have better access to her clit. I spread her lips open and I can see how beautiful she really is. She's no longer hidden from my eyes. I can see her wetness as the moonlight hits her clit. I place the tip of my tongue on her clit and you would think her whole world had just ended. As my tongue played, I place one of my fingers inside her and she moves her body like nothing I've ever seen. 

As I pull my finger out of her and slide another finger inside her, I feel the muscles inside her tighten around my fingers. Her grip in my hair becomes tighter and she pushes my face into her. She's begging and daring me to make her come. Her wetness flooded into my mouth and the taste and smell of her drove me over the edge. I was teasing her clit with my tongue with little nibbles while my fingers were fucking her. Her hips are rocking, rocking to each stroke of my fingers. I'm making sure with each stroke of my fingers I hit that special spot inside her. 

As I look up to her eyes, I see tears coming from her eyes. Was I hurting her? 

She must know what I'm thinking and in between her labored breathing, I hear her whisper, "Hun I love you. Please show how much you love me. Please make love to me." 

My heart starts to beat faster and harder as I replay each word she said to me. I want to please her more then ever. 

I continue to love her like I have never loved anyone before, stroking her with my fingers and teasing her with my tongue. 

She starts saying, "Oh, My God!" over and over until her body shakes with desire under the touch of my tongue. Her orgasm continues rolling until she can't hold her own weight and starts to slide down the tree. I stand up and pull her body into mine. I look into her eyes. She smiles. 

Without even thinking I say, "Baby I love you too."