 Hello my name is Sarah, I've been working for the company for five years now, three of those years have been as a PA to my boss Sam. I love my job, I'm always made to feel appreciated and complemented on my appearance. When I found out my fiancée was seeing other women behind my back it was Sam who picked up the pieces and gave me time off to recover. As well as being a great boss Sam is also a respected and rising star in the company, because of this Sam has broken through the glass ceiling that hold some women back. Yes, that's right, Sam is Samantha and she is an inspiration to me, I guess you could say I have a school girl crush on her. Then, three months ago, all Sam's and my hard work finally came to fruition, in more ways than one...

It was a Friday, and because it was a nice day, I was wearing a light floral dress. Underneath I was wearing a pale blue lacy bra, panties and suspender belt with tan lace top stockings and white strappy sandals. I had my long blond hair in a fishtail plait. My fiancée got me into stockings, although he's gone I still wear them because they are cooler and I feel feminine and sexy in them. As usual Sam complimented me on my appearance, then announced the partners were taking her out to lunch and she may be out for some time. This could only mean one thing, she was being promoted. Lunch time came and she stepped out of her office. She was wearing a burgundy skirt with matching jacket and a cream blouse with black court shoes and black seamed tights (stockings?). Her long black hair was tied in a pony tail and she looked stunning. "Will I do?" she asked nervously.

"You look great, I replied, good luck."

"Thanks" she smiled and got into the lift.

The rest of the day I typed reports, letters and tied up some loose ends, I was in no rush to go home. I only had a ready meal, glass of wine and the soap operas to look forward to. About six I was the last in the building apart from the doorman and decided to pack up when I heard the lift door open. I looked up to see Sam walk out a little unsteady. "Oh good you're still here," she said, "I wanted you to be the first to know. I've been made a partner, I'm going to the top floor!"

"That's fantastic, I replied although I was pleased for her I was sad inside because it meant she would have one of the executive PA's.

"I've asked that you come with me, she said, because I couldn't have got it without your help" With that she flung her arms around me and gave me a big hug. I was a bit taken aback, I was even more surprised when she started to kiss my neck. She suddenly stopped and pulled back "Oh God Sarah I'm so sorry, it must be the wine"

Now it was my turn to surprise her, I don't know what came over me but I felt suddenly aroused. I kissed her full on the lips, she seemed to melt and we started kissing passionately, our tongues exploring each others mouths.

She broke away "The office", she gasped, and let me to her office where she locked the door and drew the blinds. I was perched on her desk, she came over to me and soon we were kissing passionately again. I felt the zip of my dress being pulled down, Sam started to eased my dress down following it with her lips until she came to my breasts. She unclasped my bra and soon she was kissing and nibbling my nipples. My head was swimming, I'd never done anything like this before, unless you count a drunken fumble as a teenager. Sam on the other hand had clearly done this before as she eased my backside away from the desk so my dress could fall to the floor. As she kissed and sucked my nipples her hand slowly slid down my tummy and slipped into my panties. I gasped as her fingers found my clit, my knickers were soaking as she worked on my pussy sending waves of pleasure through my body. Sam straightened up and gently pushed me back so I was laying on her desk with my legs over the edge. She started to kiss my tummy working her way down as she peeled off my panties, I let out a groan as she started to lap at my wet pussy. In the refection of a glass display cabinet I could see her skirt was pulled up and her hand was in her panties working on her pussy. By now I was flat on the desk my legs spread wide as she kissed, licked and sucked my pussy. I suddenly came with a shuddering orgasm like I've never felt before, I thought I was going to pass out.

Sam got up and kissed me, I could taste my juices which I found strangely arousing. Smiling at me she started to undress until she was standing in just her stockings and suspenders and shoes. She went round to her desk and opened a bottom drawer from which she produced a dildo. "I have to use this on myself sometimes when you're looking particularly sexy" she said. I was stunned, my boss was having sexual fantasies about me and bringing herself off in her office. I thought when she locked the door and said she wasn't to be disturbed she was on a conference call! "My turn" she continues and lead me to the couch. She laid down and pulled me on top of her we kissed again and I started to move down her body as she did to me until I was sucking and kissing her breasts and nipples. My hand slipped between her thighs and I started to rub her pussy which was soaking. Odd that it felt so natural to me. She let out a sigh "I've wanted to do this with you since the first time I saw you, she said, and you're a stocking wearer like me which makes it even better!"

I slid down until I was licking her pussy "Oh yessss!" she groaned as my tongue found her clit. "Turn around, she ordered, I want to taste you again", so we were now in the 69 position lapping at each others pussies. I felt her tongue being replaced by the dildo and threw my head back and moaned as she push it in and started to fuck me with it. I buried my head between her thighs feeling the sheer nylon against my cheeks, licking and sucking her pussy pushing my tongue deep into her as she continued to fuck me with the dildo. We were both gasping and moaning, it's a good job we were the last in the building!. Suddenly we both came with massive orgasms, my hips bucking pumping at the dildo while her legs clamped around my head pushing it harder against her spasming pussy. I don't know how long we laid there afterwards exhausted kissing gently swapping our pussy juices in our mouths. Eventually we got dressed and went back to her place where we spent the weekend making love. And that's how it's continued except the time when we had a threesome in a hotel room. But that, as they say, is another story.