 You know all the other details...dinner, conversation, what we were wearing. This is the other part of the evening...

It has been incredible to share this with you. You must know how it excited your slave to write this all out. And even more exciting to know you are going to be reading it. And hopefully it will bring you the pleasure I experienced...

...thank you for sharing this with me...

It was all so perfect...

I'm not even sure how it all started. One minute we were sitting on the couch chatting. Then we got a little closer, brushing against each other, exchanging casual touches. It was just like old times...the comfort, the feelings, the attraction.

We didn't even bring the topic up, it just happened. She reached to brush a piece of hair off my cheek and her hand lingered. I held her hand against my face before I turned and kissed her palm. We looked at each other and smiled, before we brought our lips together. Those perfect, full lips that I've always loved...they were pressed against mine. So soft, so full, so warm. I could taste the strawberry juices still on her lips, I could feel the warmth of her body, I could smell her familiar scent. It was intoxicating.

She ran her fingers up into my hair as I slid my arms around her shoulders, pulling her closer to me. Parting my lips very slowly, and feeling my heart jump as I felt her respond. I actually felt something inside of me flutter as our tongues touched ever so briefly..at first...then slid against each other. Stroking, caressing, probing. Tasting as much of her as I could.

I could have stayed just like that...locked in her arms, in her kiss. My nipples strained against the thin material covering them...and I felt myself getting wetter with every heartbeat. But I didn't want this moment to end.

I don't know how long we drank each other in. Hands caressing each other...hair, faces, necks, shoulders, legs. It was sweet torture. So was pulling away from those delicious lips...now a little swollen as were mine. Her gaze was dropped and as I followed it I realized she had her hand on my hip and was slowly moving it up my side. I sat back just a little to allow her to continue her explorations. Up my side, around the curve of my breast, and cupping the fullness of it in her hand. My nipple instantly hardened even more with her hand that close. And she looked up at me before running her fingers across it, sending shocks down my spine. First brushing it lightly, then stroking it with her fingertip, then flicking it a little harder...and when she pulled it between two fingers my head dropped back and I know a soft moan came from me.

As my eyes closed, my hands dropped along her body. And I realized my hand was on her thigh. So warm, so firm. I gently stroked it back and forth with my fingers. Digging my nails just slightly into the soft flesh under the slacks. Each time moving a little higher...and a little higher. The higher my hand moved the harder and quicker her fingers moved on my breasts. I knew I had to get her and myself out of these clothes.

We didn't talk, we didn't have to. We can finish each other's sentences, we know each other so well. I stood up and held my hand out to her. She just gave me that beautiful smile of hers as she took my hand and followed me...down the hall and into my bedroom.

We've seen each other's bodies countless times. We've admired each other's bodies. Now we wanted each other's bodies. We stepped into the dimly lit room...the sunlight from dusk pouring through the windows. As we stood in front of each other, I slid my dress up and over my head, tossing it aside. And I watched in awe as she undid every button, revealing her delicate skin to me. Her shirt and slacks quickly added to the pile of clothes on the floor. I reached out to stroke the beautiful lace cups that held her perfect breasts...and carefully dropped my gaze down and over her body. The lace bikinis barely covering her, and obviously damp.

At the same time we each slid the other's straps down of her shoulders, and folded the material down to free our heaving breasts. we wrapped our arms around each other, to reach and unhook the now annoying material. Pressing our breasts together as we stood and held each other. Neither of us could let go and we brought our lips together again...pressing them together almost as hard as our breasts danced against each other. We are a perfect fit...her firm breast pressed tightly against mine...our nipples grazing against each other as we pulled ourselves even closer together. Like we were trying to get into the same skin.

I pulled away long enough to step back, and sit down on the bed. I slid across the soft comforter and pulled her down along side of me. Making the pause of our kiss as brief as possible, I devoured her lips with mine again.

Her body stretched out against mine... completely intertwined ...hands, arms legs...it was almost as if we had become one body.

I left her lips to trail across her pink cheek, and down her neck... nuzzling the spot where I know she always puts one dab of perfume. My hands met my lips on the top curve of her gorgeous breast.... covering it with kisses as I lifted her hard nipple up to my mouth.

We both moaned as I slid my tongue across the hard nub...teasing it and making it stand even harder in the cool air. Lapping at it as I held her other breast in my hand, caressing that nipple in rhythm with the strokes of my tongue. Wrapping my lips gently around it as I drew it into my mouth and sucked it.

I felt her hands wandering over my back, through my hair as I continued to lavish her breasts with loving attention. I twisted my body so I was at her side...her body stretched out in front of me. Her one hand was gently stroking the wetness between her legs...I could see the lace wet and glistening. I looked at her as I took that hand and brought her fingers to my lips...first gently kissing them...then licking them...then sliding them into my mouth as I reveled in the taste of her.

I leaned over and slid the bikinis off of her hips as the pulled them down and off of her legs. I gently kissed and stroked her hip...resting my cheek against it to feel her soft skin against me. Then the delicate skin of her tummy...as I slid my hand between her legs, and she opened them for me. 

I gently brushed my hand against her wet pussy... the warmth, the smell, the wetness ...it was amazing. Each stroke pressed a little harder against her...her clit poking through and rubbing against my hand. She moaned my name against my pillow. My other hand gently parted her swollen lips to reveal her dripping wet pussy to me. And I quickly explored it with my fingers. First sliding along the wet slit, then pushing against it. So easily my finger slid inside of her, and I felt her clamp down on it. It was soon joined by another...as I slid them very slowly in and out of her. Deeper each time.

Her hips lifted off the bed as my next finger slid up inside of her... rubbing her clit against my hand. I happily gave her the stimulation she wanted. I dropped my mouth to her hard little clit and rubbed against it with my lips... gently pulling at it...then gently lapping at it.

Her hips continued to move and squirm against the bed. And I couldn't believe how much wetter and hotter she was getting.

I was so focused that I almost didn't feel it when she lifted my leg and placed it on the other side of her. Even as she slid her fingers inside the strap of my thong, as I was lost in the pleasure I was giving her...my fingers slipping and sliding in and out of her, my tongue catching every drop of her juices as they ran out of her.

I cried out as I felt her fingers slide against my clit, and my hips instinctively bucked towards her hand. Using the strap of my thong, she pulled me down towards her...and slid her tongue along my slit. Back and forth with constant strokes. It was the only thing that made me stop my stroking for a moment...it was exquisite pleasure. I felt her lips wrap around my clit, and her tongue slide up inside of me...where my fingers were buried in her. And it started. The most perfect rhythm. As she licked, I slid into her...and again...and more...our moans muffled against the sweet pussy each of our mouths was tasting.

The pleasure swelling up inside of both of us was so intense. I heard her beg me to stop...not yet...wait. And as much as I hated to leave that behind, I sat up from her and turned to look at her.

The lust in her eyes made my breath catch. She slid out from under me, and gently pushed me over... pouncing on top of me and covering my body with hers. We eagerly slid our wet tongues and lips against each other... mixing our juices... sharing them... drinking them both in.

Our bodies sliding against each other... our hips rubbing together... our clits stroking against each other. She settled one leg between mine, and pressed her beautiful thigh up against my throbbing pussy... as she lowered hers down onto the top of my thigh. I was happy to raise it off the bed, and hump it up and into her pussy... the juices flowing down my leg. And we quickly found that perfect rhythm again. This time facing each other as we stroked and humped against the other. Her head dropping only to suck one of my nipples into her mouth.

I pressed my leg harder against her cunt and her thrusts into mine came quicker. The sweat from our bodies sliding between us... the juices from our pussies running together... the taste of each other on our lips and fingers... the smell of each other hanging in the air.

We clung tighter to each other as we moaned and panted. The pace so quick it almost wasn't quick enough. Thrusting against each other. Watching her face as the wave of pleasure came over her... and feeling her body tense against mine as I felt her come against me...an explosion of heat and juices against my leg. Her screams quickly drowned out by mine as her I felt my clit throb and my lips quiver as she brought me to a powerful orgasm.

She collapsed on top of me, and we snaked our limbs around each other as we caught our breath. Our bodies slowly returning to earth... just to find pleasure wrapped in each other's arms.

And the sun hadn't even set yet...