 Julie peeked around the corner. Susan was almost naked. Jules knew that the other woman chose to wait to change and take her shower after everyone else from their Aikido class had left due to the rumors. She also knew that the rumors were true. Many of the other women in the self defense class were afraid that being naked around Sue would inspire the woman to molest them, or else that her 'taint' would somehow rub off on them like some damned communicable disease. Julie understood the first fear, after all, many of the women were taking the class because they had been overpowered and forced against their will. That didn't mean she liked it or even agreed with the sentiment however.

Jules and Sue were both there for the confidence, exercise and emotional balance that came from learning a martial art. Jules knew that the same way she knew Sue's showering preferences; the two had become good friends in the years they had been taking the class. She sat through Sue's explanation of the recent breakup in silent, inscrutable exultation. It had only been a few months, half a year at most, since she realized she was bisexual, and it was the perfect form of the body now standing naked in front of her that had first inflamed her passions.

Discreetly she watched Sue's lithe body slide towards the showers. The moment she was out of sight Jules quickly stripped off her remaining clothing and walked to the doorway leading to the showers. She waited a minute, back pressed against the wall, and listened as the echo of the water changed from the clack of it hitting tile to the soft patter against silky skin. She already could imagine the feel of that skin sliding underneath her fingers, the slight taste of salt not fully washed off. A fire had been ignited deep within her and need instructed her to rush into the room. She resisted, waiting for the right moment.

Jules gave in slightly, holding her hair she peered around the corner. She told herself it was simply to confirm which shower and what stage the woman was on. She knew she was lying to herself the moment she caught sight of the supple curves glistening with star-shine of water running rivulets around the side of a barely seen breast and between the round cheeks of her pillowy butt. Quickly she whipped out of sight as the other woman's head turned to ensure her hair complete exposure to the unnatural rain.

She heard the water again echo from the tile and began counting. By ten the shampoo would be on her hands. By twenty most of her hair would be lathered. At thirty she shifted around the corner. As she had suspected Sue's hands were entangled in her short, dark blond, soapy hair. Her eyes were screwed shut against intruding suds. Provided Jules could remain silent the other woman would not know she was there. Ten feet, five feet, two feet. She held her breath as she moved within inches of her prey. Her hands grasped the air in anticipation as they moved around to enfold Sue.

Contact was bliss, even as Sue jumped and screamed. Jules' hands cupped Sue's perfect breasts and her head came forward to lean a cheek against the woman's bare shoulder. Sue's head dodged forward to quickly wash the soap from her face and turned to look at the intruder. "Julie?!? What are you doing here?"

Jules refused to answer. She was afraid of her own mind and mouth. Instead her hands ran up round breasts and lightly across nipples hardened by temperature and water. The skin was as flawlessly smooth and supple as she had imagined, possibly more so. What's more she felt the body quiver under her touch when she brushed past sensitive, erect flesh. This was what she had finally realized, this was what those boys could never understand, they could never share the utter torture associated with a body that betrays with paralysis even while in constant motion. She wanted to share the sensation she was causing the surprised woman, her body shifted backwards and she let her own nipples, engorged by lust more than environment, trace lines across a prefect back. Sparks shot at random through her chest, the warmth that had consumed most of her groin now leapt to an inferno and raged into her torso. She stood apart from the shower, blocked by her captive, but she felt her inner thighs grow moist.

Somehow Sue managed to break the trance and turn around. Jules left her hands encircling the more experienced woman and nearly collapsed when their nipple collided briefly. "Oh Jules," Sue was panting already, "I never knew. How could I have never known?" Jules silenced her with a kiss. She knew Sue was surprised but her head quickly began to float as pressure increased against her lips. Her mouth opened, as one tongues shot out and entwined. Her arms, still on Sue's back, slid tight pressing bodies firmly together. The inferno raged across her skin heightening its sensitivity. Every small movement of flesh across flesh sent a fresh wave of shudders through her muscles.

Reluctantly she brought her arms to Sue's shoulders and pulled her away, breaking the enervating kiss. There were no more questions, no more cautions, no more concerns. Their smiles were sheepish, two kids caught with their hands in a mutual cookie jar. Jules pushed the other woman back against the wall, well clear of the still running water. Hands still confining arms, she leaned forward and took a flushed nipple in her mouth. Her tongue darted across it as she allowed her mouth to widen to cover an entire precious areola. Tongue still moving she inhaled drawing the skin tighter into her mouth. Sue gasped, then moaned.

Jules released an arm, her hand sliding across the soft muscle of a shoulder before listing down to contact the other breast. Her fingers lightly scraped against the very tip as it passed before circling and crossing it again. The shudders told Jules all she needed to know, the inferno would soon be raging as fiercely through Sue as they did through herself.

As one fingers pinched gently while teeth gripped. Both rolled firm skin to heighten the electric sensation. Sue's moaning was nearly constant. The other hand released and began a slow path downward. She started by traveling a short distance along the arm until she could cross over to the breast her mouth worked. Down the side until it was comfortable to shift. Still crouched she moved her body away from the breast she tenderly sucked and nipped. Her hand reached a soft stomach, well-muscled but not too thin. Destination not yet reach the hand slid further until it reached the treasured junction of the beautiful woman's legs. Slowly, cruelly, her hand slid between brushing across the clitoris without any pressure. Back out the hand came in the same manner.

This would be the easy part. It was no more or less then masturbation and she knew a woman's body as no man ever could. With the next succession she added the slightest amount of pressure, knowing well how to prolong the buildup. She knew equally well how powerful the release was when it was finally permitted. Slowly the hand moved in and out. Fingers, mouth and teeth pulled and played with nipples. The hand moved in with infinitesimally more pressure, this time however it moved further. Weakened legs offered no resistance as fingers curved, tracing ever more sensitive flesh. Pressure increased dramatically at the fingertips to rub against interior nerves and muscles.

Sue gasped then screamed softly with pleasure. Her hands came forward to grip Jules' head pulling it tighter against her breast. After a moment she seemed to realize her position when her hands loosened, running through long brown hair, caressing the source of the sweet agony.

Unsure of the meaning Jules took this as her cue. The time was about right anyway. Her mouth reluctantly slid away from the beast leaving a trail as she slowly crouched. Sue lashed out and gripped a showerhead to each side as her legs betrayed her when Jules' tongue darted its first experiment into the unknown. Flowing forward and back she pressed against the shaved skin. Her tongue piercing between lips to find the overly sensitive mound even as a finger traced its way forward across her quivering buttocks. Jules was surprised by how quickly the tremors came, she had no experience with this, merely attempting what she liked most on those all to rare occasions a guy had done this for her.

Sue was gasping for air. Her entire weight hung from arms supported by feeble pipes. Jules felt the trickle of water run down her face onto her naked body from the hand supported by the still running shower. Her finger continued forward and pressed firmly against the front of Sue's inner sanctum as her other arm wrapped around soft, firm buttocks pulling her closer, adding pressure to her ministrations.

Sue's body roared with passion. Her nerves were ablaze as no one had caused before. Her lust flowed freely down her legs, Jules' chin and dripped onto now coveted breasts. All strength left her body at once, only her hands remained clinging desperately to the pipes.

Jules felt the pause and redoubled her efforts. She knew the moment time stood still and worked harder for the inevitable and instant resumption when every muscle would tense and shake. Her own body quivered with anticipation when the moment arrived. Her own need drove her deeper into the other being. Souls colliding briefly before beginning to merge. Hand's released and the women collapsed in a tangle on the wet floor but still Jules refused to relent. Her finger had slipped free and was unable to maneuver in once more but her mouth sucked and teeth gripped. Sue screamed for her to stop.

Together they lay intertwined feeling the passion, fire and electricity that had been caused. Both knew who experienced the actual physical aspect of it but they shared the sensation. They needed more, but Jules was content she had demonstrated her desire, her need. They could now become one again and again without fear.

She was basking in a contented glow when electricity shot from her lust throughout her body. She couldn't move. She knew the feeling well, had anticipated it minutes before in her new partner but couldn't understand how it was occurring now. Somehow her eyes managed to peer through the layers of intertwined bodies to discover Sue's head between her legs, her mouth already closed around its desire. Sue's cheeks sunk slightly together as a fresh wave of ecstacy crashed through nerves spent with vicarious emotion.

In their twisted state, Jules' muscles didn't know which direction to move. Sue held her hips but otherwise her body flailed as it filled. Her hips were numb with pleasure but electricity shot from unknown stimulus to careen throughout her body. A haze filled her mind and vision even as it felt it overfill her body. She needed release, she needed to explode. The other half of her soul seemed to sense this. One hand found its way to her breast and began to knead roughly while the other, nothing more then a shaking finger, slid deep within. Jules' body reacted and for the second time in moments she experienced time standing still, now from the frozen perspective.

She couldn't remember when her body began to buck. She didn't know how long she floated, mind numb, soul rejoicing, in a world of sensation. Her world consisted of an endless fire that pressed outward at every pore but could only be released by her screams for the gods and goddesses of creation, and through one tiny point between her legs. That wasn't enough to relieve the pressure and, knowing this, Sue continued to plug and prod at the one opening it could flood from.

Jules knew not when her world turned white. She only remembered coming back to herself, leaning back against perfect breasts, warm arms wrapped comfortingly around her. She had misplaced her soul, only to discover another within her. Reaching out to brush Sue's cheek she found her ephemeral form within the other woman.