 Sybil kissed her way over to Kit's neck, slowly making her way down to her breasts, stopping and paying attention to each one. Licking and sucking her nipples while rubbing her hands all over Kit's backside. Meanwhile, Kit was running her fingers through Sybil's hair, caressing her head gently as she became more and more aroused. 

Sybil nibbled her way down Kit's torso and let her hands delicately trail behind. When she reached Kit's vulva she breathed her in deep, the smell of a woman was sweet and inviting to her, and she had missed this so very much. Kit was shaved smooth and moist from their light petting, and as Sybil got closer, Kit raised her leg so she could give her guest better access. The man was watching intently at what was unfolding before his very eyes, and was now rubbing himself through his jeans. 

Sybil took her time in acquainting herself with the beautiful, plump, and very soft vulva that was presented to her. The lips of her vulva where thick and smooth, protecting her clit and vagina. She pealed back the inner labia and it was a beautiful pink, so soft and moist, and in the center was the tender and very warm vagina. From it a creamy discharge was flowing and it gave off a wonderful aroma. From his window the man could only see Sybil's head in front of Kit's privates, but he could imagine what was happening. 

Sybil held the lips apart so that she was able to get to the clit and vagina easier. She let he tongue ever so gently run across Kit's clit, making her giggle and squirm. "Oh Sybil, your tongue tickles, but it feels amazing." She wriggled around until Sybil reached her vagina and licked it gently, making sure to take in all of the discharge that was flowing from her. Kit let out a moan that could be heard from the man's apartment. He was amazed at how loud her moan was, and could only imagine what kind of pleasure was being given to her from this woman. 

Sybil reached up and took Kit by the hand, gently pulling her down to the floor and laying her on her back. She spread Kit's legs wide so that everything about her was exposed, even her perfectly positioned rosebud was exposed; nice and moist with an inviting reddish hue to it. Sybil started with her clit and let her tongue wander and meander down Kit's privates, stopping at her vagina to play and get a taste before continuing on to her rosebud. 

Once Sybil reached that she discovered that Kit was surprised and possibly a little unsure. She glanced up at her face, Kit smiled and nodded at Sybil, giving her the okay to continue. Sybil realized that this was going to be a first for Kit. "I will be gentle and only go as far as you want me to", Sybil assured her and continued on. She let her tongue trace the outside rim before getting close the center. 

Once she was there she began to lightly probe. Kit had been moaning gently the entire time, but as soon as Sybil's tongue began to lightly penetrate, her moans went from soft and meek to groans that where deep and load. The man could hear this from his living room, and by now he had his penis in his hand, gently rubbing and stroking to the erotic sounds of his neighbor. 

Sybil placed her thumb over Kit's rosebud, gently massaging it while she turned her attention to her vagina. By now she was very wet and very aroused, and cum was flowing effortlessly and everywhere. Sybil gently licked her until Kit was grinding on her face. Sybil allowed her tongue to slip deep into Kit's vagina, darting in and out, making it impossible for Kit to lay still. She reach down and held Sybil's head in her hands, grasping at her locks of blondish colored hair as she began to work intensely at her mounting orgasm. 

Sybil's thumb slipped into Kit's anus and Kit let out a yelp, this startled the man for a moment, Sybil held still until Kit was used to it. It was an accident, but since it happened, Sybil went with it as long as Kit did. Soon Kit began to buck against Sybil's face and hand, writhing all over the floor. She began to whimper and moan, and her clit began to swell with the increasing sensations. And then it hit, her orgasm washed over her and her whimpering turned to screaming, her moaning turned to panting, and her grasp strengthened around Sybil's head.

When Kit came down from her very boisterous, very intense orgasm Sybil lifted her head and smiled. She crawled up Kit's panting body and stopped at her breasts for a nibble, before continuing on to her full and wanting lips. She kissed her gently, and Kit returned it with a passionate kiss. Making sure that she kissed away all of her sweet cum from Sybil's face. Kit did not waste any time, and she rolled Sybil onto her back and began to work her way down her body, making stops along the way to prolong the inevitable. By this time the man is on the edge of his seat, panting and out of breath, having spent his load, dispersing it everywhere when Kit climaxed. 

Sybil laid there and closed her eyes, listening to the sound of the music in the background and enjoying the gentle touch of Kit's soft lips, and wet, extremely talented tongue running down and across her wanting body. It had been a long while since anyone has paid this much attention to her body, her needs, just to her in general. Even Sybil was guilty of not taking the time to satisfy herself in any fashion. Kit reached Sybil's privates and spread her legs wide, exposing her vulva and releasing more of that sweet, sweet smell. 

Sybil was drenched from all of the orgasms she had while pleasuring Kit. And while her clit was swollen in excitement, it was still small and tucked away, her vagina glistened in the soft light, and it was a pale pink. The contrast of her neatly trimmed bush made the pale pink stand out ever so slightly from her pale body. Her cum dripped down her long taint leading Kit to her pink rosebud, so small, so tight, it was intriguing to Kit. She had never allowed herself to be touched there until now, and she had surely never played with anyone in this way before. 

Kit was hesitant and Sybil could tell she was nervous. She reached down and lowered Kit's head to her anus, Kit could smell her cum, and the erotic smell of woman emanating from Sybil. Kit lowered her head the rest of the way and began to gently kiss Sybil's buttocks, making her way inward until she reached the rosebud. Her lips gently grazed the rim and then were parted by her tongue. This gentle sensation made Sybil moan loud enough for the man to hear her for the first time. His ears tuned in to this new sound and he began to pay closer attention. Sybil allowed herself to relax and settle in to the moment and enjoy everything. 

Kit licked the cum from Sybil's buttocks, up the taint, and to the source; her hot and milky vagina. Sybil kept the lips around the vagina smooth and hair free, but allowing for the hair to surround her hood at the top, though keeping it short and well-trimmed. This is the part that Kit was most familiar with and loved to lick, tease, eat, and finger. She allowed her tongue to glide deep into Sybil, and then strategically place her lips around the opening, allowing for an intense suction. Kit begin to work her tongue inside while her lips worked the outside, drawing out Sybil's cum and increasing the blood flow to the vagina. 

Making it more heated and sensitive. Sybil began to buck her hips against Kit's face while she pleasured herself, rubbing her petite fingers over her own clit; something that she did not do for herself very often. While she rubbed her clit with one hand, she massaged her breasts with the other, pinching and squeezing her nipples. Her moans became louder has the sucking and licking grew in intensity. Kit grasped onto Sybil's hips and buried her face deeper, she could feel Sybil getting ready to climax, she was eager with anticipation. 

The man was intrigued by this woman and was waiting with baited breath to hear her in her own throes of passion. He wanted to hear the growing desperation in her voice release in sweet melodious tones. Sybil began to move her fingers across her clit with more purpose, and she clasped on to one breast while she bit her bottom lip. She was getting close and released her clit and breast to hold onto Kit's bobbing head. 

She bucked fiercely and moaned with such intensity that the man, now standing, was practically pressed to his sliding door. His breath was fogging the glass, so he had to open it slightly, this allowed the enticing sounds to come to him more clearly. He stroked himself faster, almost to the same tempo and movement as Sybil's hips. 

Suddenly a wash of intense heat fell over Sybil and she went wild. She bucked so hard that Kit had to wrap her arms around Sybil to keep her in one place, and she had to release her hold on her vagina. Sybil was known for squirting and creating a flood where she laid. Kit moved to Sybil's clit to keep the orgasm going and help her achieve her maximum climax. Sybil whimpered and writhed on the floor as she began to come down from her climax. Kit inserted two fingers into Sybil's vagina and was able to get her to squirt once more and release a final orgasm. Sybil screamed in utter desire that the man noticed several lights in the complex turn on shortly thereafter. 

Sybil finally started to calm down and Kit licked away the final bits of cum from Sybil's vagina. She went to the couch and grabbed a large body pillow and over-sized blanket that the two women used to cover themselves with. The light went out, and the soft music played in the background. The man realized that while it was dark out, he was standing at his back patio door, and there was no wall to shield him from the outside world. He closed the door and headed inside for the evening. It was late, and it had been an interesting first night for him in his new apartment. Satisfied sexually but exhausted mentally, he too went to bed.

The next morning Sybil woke up with a pounding headache, and a little confused as to where she was. Kit was sitting on the patio smoking, and next to Sybil was some coffee, water and a few aspirin. And then it dawned on her what had happened. She was naked, under a blanket, and in a woman's apartment. One who she barely knew, and she herself had no idea where that actually was. Kit came inside and crawled under the blanket with Sybil, and began to kiss her again.

The man was awakened by the sound of the women and smiled, "At least someone is having fun", he muttered to himself softly as he laid naked under his covers, pleasuring himself. About an hour later he was sitting under the awning when one of the women walked out the front door. James choked and spilled hot coffee all down his front, it was his soon to be ex-wife...