 I would like to thank my readers for taking the time to read my stories. Please, contact me for your comments and leave feedback. I enjoy hearing from you! QC

Seville

Soon it was time for the next leg of our journey. Alyssa wanted to show me Seville where she lived as a child. The high speed train took us there in just a couple of hours. The city seemed a little brighter and cheerier than Madrid, plenty big, but just a little less hectic. The old city was gorgeous with its white washed walls. In the summer heat, the cool of the shadows were wonderful to explore. We hauled our bags up the second story of a little pension. A fountain in its courtyard cooled the building in Moorish fashion.

Seville offered a whole new set of attractions. Its cathedral was astounding, one of the largest in Europe. It had a tower with a ramp wide and tall enough that a person could ride a horse to the top. From there you could overlook the Alcazar nearby, an architectural wonder of Spain, one of the fortresses left behind by the Moors, and now a royal palace.

Even though I was not completely comfortable with the idea, we attended a bull fight. She said that it was a part of Spanish culture, and that the bulls were honored in life and in death. It still seemed cruel to me. I dragged her out midway through.

Alyssa loved Flamenco dancing. We went to several performances. The melodramatic motions and music absorbed me. But what really captured my imagination was a particular style called Baile por Sevillanas, which was performed by a couple. The couple danced in synchronicity, quickly and in perfect harmony almost as if they were looking at each other in a mirror. The dance had four acts representing stages of their relationship such as "they meet", "they fall in love", "they fight" and "they reconcile". It was intense for me to watch, and every single time I was disappointed when it ended. I whispered to Alyssa that we should become the world's first gay Sevillana dance couple, which resulted in a burst of laughter.

Near the end of our stay, Alyssa said she wanted to take me somewhere special. It was Plaza de España, built for the Ibero~American Exposition in 1929. A short walk from the old city, the monument was clearly visible. The building was a gigantic semicircle, a stately multi-storied structure wrapping a grand courtyard. We wandered through the courtyard and up one of the staircases.

We stood up on the second level balcony and surveyed the view of the park. It was a beautiful day. The shade provided some respite from the Spanish sun. Below, parents pursued their little ones, frolicking around the fountains. Pedestrians walked the pathway in the center of the plaza, weaved through by the occasional bicycler. It was a perfect scene.

I felt Alyssa move up behind me as I leaned over the railing. She cupped my shoulders, laying her head on the back of my neck. She massaged my arms, slowly and thoroughly. Then her hands dropped to my side. My temperature started to climb. I closed my eyes. She pampered my midriff, teasing up under my chest. I arched back into her subtly, conscious that other tourists were strolling mere feet away, but wanting more. Her hands slid down to my hips, then just close enough to the front of my legs to send their message. I failed to control the squirm that she induced.

I turned my torso to face her halfway, sighing, "God, you're getting me so hot. You'd better stop."

She said nothing, shifting her hands back to my belly, pulling me close to her. "When I was a child, my parents used to bring me here on special occasions. It was my favorite place growing up." She rubbed her nose on my ear. "I want to make a new memory here with you." Then, my ear hot from her breath, barely able to hear her, "I want to make love to you here." Jeez, that sounded wonderful!

Wait - did I hear that right? Here at this monument? In public? The place was packed!

I came to my senses and peered behind me to see if she was really serious about this. Her look told me that clearly she was.

She had the most mischievous grin, and chucked slightly at the comical look I gave her.

"Are you kidding?" I said.

"Not in the slightest."

"How do you propose we do that?"

"You should know by now never to doubt me." She playfully feigned a sad look. "What? Don't you trust me?"

I suppose it would not be our first public sex, recalling the movie theater. This might become a regular thing with her. She appeared to be exhilarated at the prospect.

I softened. "Now, how can I deny that face?" I said.

"You can't," she teased, "and you don't want to. I'll make it very worth your while."

I turned and kissed her there, feeling a mix of anticipation and nerves at the crazy stunt we were about to attempt.

Alyssa surprised me with a special gift, a simple black A-line dress that just covered my knees. Since I only packed pants and shorts for the trip, the dress came with strappy shoes to match. It also came with matching string panties. I wore my onyx earrings. I hadn't dressed up like this since before we were together, and I felt truly beautiful, like a grown up woman. Here and there I caught Alyssa looking at me when she thought I wouldn't notice. It energized me, made me feel sexy and desirable. Alyssa couldn't have tailored the evening better.

As we were getting ready to go out for dinner, she smiled and approached me. "You look so dazzling. I'm tempted to take you right here." Funny, I'd had that same thought. "But it would ruin my plan. I'll have to make you dress like this more often."

"You just might."

For her part, Alyssa looked as gorgeous as ever. She had on her lavender dress that I liked so much. She wore the perfect amount of makeup. She'd fixed her hair, one side brought back over her ear and held with a broach. Every hair was in its place. Her lilac aroma emanated extra strong like a Heavenly aura around her. She was divine.

"You're always stunning, but twice so tonight," I countered.

"You always have my heart."

She smiled and kissed me. "Thank you, sweetie."

Then arm in arm, we left.

We had dinner at a small tapas restaurant that was one of Alyssa's favorites on the outskirts of the old town. The atmosphere was cozy and personable. Antique Spanish culinary tools adorned the walls alongside photos of the Spanish people and countryside. We spent time talking about the highlights of the day and what we were going to do tomorrow. But there was too much sexual electricity between us to enjoy it fully. Our hands would gravitate to meeting in the center of the table, fingers dancing, then crossing, that is until someone came to serve us, and we'd pull back, compose ourselves again. Normally, we wouldn't be conscientious about holding hands in public. Obviously, we'd done much more than that before. But tonight, that touch meant so much more. We both felt it. Alyssa's kit sat discreetly on the floor next to the table. So we ordered very little, and when the tapas arrived, we took care of business as quickly as possible.

It was well after dark before we returned to the Plaza de España, holding hands as we casually strolled onto our stage. There was one couple we could see upstairs and another few young people sitting in circle next to the pathway. We walked to the opposite side as the couple and went up to the balcony.

I walked up ahead of Alyssa to the railing and leaned on it. She was making a quick change in the stairwell. She came up behind me in just the same positions we'd had our encounter earlier that day. I studied the view. It was dark and serene, just cooling to the perfect temperature right about now. The couple at the far end of the balcony appeared to be romantically self involved. Luckily, the curve of the building allowed us to obscure ourselves partially behind some columns. Maybe it was safe to get a little intimate.

I'd been stimulated all day since she first caressed me, anticipating this very moment. And now as her hands found my waiting body again, I wilted under her touch. I rubbed my behind up and down against her dress, pressing into her leg, arching for that arousing angle of exposure, even though we were both still fully dressed.

She rubbed my shoulders, softly, but firmly. Then the hands moved inwards to caress my shoulder blades. Then she brought her hands next to each other on my spine, and pressed a line down my back to its natural conclusion, the small of my back. From there, her hands spread out again to grasp my waist. She leaned over and kissed me on the back, one, twice, three times. Tingling sensations echoed under my skin each time.

I desperately wanted her to take it to the next level. But when I looked up, that couple was still too near, about fifty feet away. I wondered how long they were going to be. At some point in this process, I might lose control and give them a show they'd never forget.

But Alyssa wasn't even that patient. I felt her hiking my dress from behind, inch by deliberate inch until I felt the soft breeze blow between my legs and up my back, causing my hair to stand up. I perked, waiting over the sound of my labored breath for the touch of her hands on me again.

They made contact on my waist as she leaned into me. I could feel the tool under her dress push between my cheeks against my craving pussy. I pushed back into her, grinding myself with relish. She cupped my cheeks on either side and held firm as I pleasured myself on it.

"Sweetie, you are so sexy, so dynamite." She pulled the top of my panties back and let them snap onto my skin. "These look absolutely steamy on you. I chose well."

She ran her hand up my back under the dress, and with her other hand, she inserted a finger under the elastic of my panty leg and ran it up and down again, lifting and causing them to crawl. I felt them pull up against my wetness, spreading it around. I suppressed a groan. I peered around the column, and saw that the couple was just making their way to the stairs. Finally!

"They're leaving," I said.

She looked over. "Good." Then turning back to me, "Let's get you out of these wet clothes." I felt my panties pulled down to my knees. I worked them the rest of the way off myself. I arched as high as I could for her. She held my dress up with one hand, and fondled me with the other. She lifted, stretched, pulled, and probed me. I groaned constantly, trying to keep the volume to a minimum. My hands grasped at my chest and my head lay on the cold concrete of the monument. I felt her thumb sink into me, eliciting a twitch and visceral grunt. She probed me, in and out, in and out, my knees swinging inches together then apart in rhythm with her motions. Then I felt her tongue make contact, my eyes rolled as I groaned again. It was Alyssa's wonderful one-two punch, the finger plus the tongue, and it never, ever got old. My hips began to gyrate of their own accord. I was in Heaven.

Then she stopped, and I froze, waiting for the moment. I lifted my head just a bit, rubbed my breast and heard her dress ruffle. She dragged the dildo tip up from mound over my clit, up across my vulva, the vagina and then over my anus. My hips pivoted gently under it in hungry anticipation. My empty pussy ached to be filled. As she dragged it back down, I willed it to penetrate me, visualized it, but was denied. The next rise up, the coated tip glided across my supersensitive surface. She stopped on my anus again, pulled my cheeks wide and rimmed it around and around. She just loved to tease me, and she drove me crazier each time we made love. I had half a mind to turn around and slap her. But this was her show. Nevertheless, my pussy was demanding attention. My hand flew down between my legs and clumsily struggled to find its way through my dress. With a slap it made contact with my crotch. I rubbed myself furiously. My body vibrated. I gave out an "Ah!" through my panting.

"Somebody's a little eager tonight," she said in her most innocent voice. Good grief! How could she be so blithe? I was about to have an aneurism down here. I had to get some relief already!

I rubbed faster. The sound and feel of wet smacking around in my hand filled my ears. Then I climaxed. Liquid gushed through my fingers. My body convulsed in a wave that rolled down from my ribs to my legs, once then again, then a third time. My legs gave out and I squatted down.

"Wow," Alyssa said. "That was wonderful. Now, it's my turn." Already? Who was this she-devil?

Without giving me more than a few moments to recover, she grabbed me by the hips and lifted me back into position. The rapturous moment of entry hit me and she was inside. She pushed in, and I jumped as I felt a bump on the dildo, almost like a second entry.

"What was that?"

"That's part of my little surprise."

Whatever it was I could feel it make its way deep inside my channel. Thrusting began immediately, and I braced myself on the railing and column, holding on for the ride of my life and savored every push from behind. Alyssa slid her hand over my ass, caressing from side to side. I was groaning continuously.

Sweat dripped from my brow onto the concrete. My hips rotated up and down in rhythm with her penetration. The ecstasy went on and on.

But then Alyssa stopped and inserted the dildo fully into me.

"Ow, ow." I winced. She stood me up, holding my chest and kissed me on the neck.

She said to me in a soft voice, "Hey, there, sweetie, how are you doing? Having a good time?"

A soft ghost of "yes" was the only thing I could offer.

"Good. Tonight, we're going to try something new. I want you to tell me when this feels best on your G-spot, okay?"

I nodded.

She leaned me back down again, and started to extract her appendage very slowly. I wanted to her to resume thrusting. But suddenly as the bump moved over my G-spot, I lit up inside and said, "There. Right there."

"Good." She seemed to be doing something back there, adjusting?

She gripped me firmly on the hips and said, "Ready?"

"Yeah."

I felt her tense up and she began to give me tiny, fast thrusts as if her whole body was vibrating. All the motion was right on top of my G-spot with maximum friction, and the effect was mindblowing.

My G-spot caught fire. My whole mid-section seized and within seconds, waves of orgasmic euphoria erupted from my pelvis. Unconsciously, I cried at the top of my lungs. It was a hurricane of an orgasm. It went on and on, contractions squeezing my invader. Alyssa leaned over me and gently held me in her arms, kissed my back.

"Well, I guess that technique's pretty effective after all," she said as I only started to come down. She waited patiently as I caught my breath again and relaxed on the cold cement. She took off the dildo and put it in her bag. She lifted up my panties, put them back on, then sidled up to me and kissed my numb lips. In fact, my whole face was numb.

"That was the best orgasm I've ever, ever had," I breathed, eyes still closed.

She ran her finger down my the ridge of my nose. "You're welcome."

I opened my eyes and looked at her. "Now you."

She beamed at me for a few seconds. "No," she said. "This was just for you, my special gift."

I was about to protest, but I could see how serious she was about her plan. "You're an angel. I love you." I gave her a deeply passionate kiss.

"I love you too. Besides, I think we've worn out our welcome," she added.

I peered over the edge of the railing to see the circle of young people looking up our way. I cringed. There was no mistaking that cry I'd made.

Retreating to the shadows, I chuckled in embarrassment. Alyssa giggled with me.

We snuck to the far side of the building and down the stairs there, hoping to escape unseen.

Now Plaza de España was a special place for both of us.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To my readers, please feel free to leave feedback for me so that I know that you liked my stories, what you would like to see, and perhaps maybe suggest one. Please, also vote on how you liked it. Every vote does count! If you'd like to read it over and over again, favorite it and come back to enjoy it like an old friend. I look forward to hearing from you! - Quinn