 Maxine, sometimes called Maxie, was 5'6", blonde, 45 and divorced. This morning she was also very frustrated and angry, another relationship had turned sour. It wasn't that he had tried to take over everything, she avoided men like that especially since she had found how selfish they were in bed. It wasn't that the sex was bad, he was better than average at that. It was more subtle, the guy had started to defer to her in the same way her husband had used to do

Her men did that to her, expecting her to make all the decisions and she loathed it. She ran her own company all day and when she came home she didn't want more of the same, she wanted the burden lifted a little. Jokes, surprises, a meal occasionally and good sex were all she really needed. Her marriage and her affairs all started well but gradually the guys turned into wimps. She ended up having to do everything except wipe their snotty noses. Last night Ted had asked what he should wear out tomorrow and the row had started. It had deteriorated into a one sided slanging match where he just accepted what she said but did nothing about it. That was how she had woken this morning about 5 in a large, but lonely, bed.

Lying there she decided to run off her frustrations early, she enjoyed jogging and when she got back she could have a nice shower with a bit of masturbation thrown in. By 5.30 she had changed into her running things and was headed out to her favoured spot, a country park on the edge of town. She knew she would be there by 6. Because the British are all chronically late risers she knew she would have the place to herself. But not this morning, there was another car parked.

About 10 minutes down the path she stopped to do some stretches and noticed someone else back from the path in a clearing. Curious she went to look. It was a young woman running through the slow and apparently effortless movements of a T'ai Chi set. Maxine had played T'ai Chi after she'd had her boobs tightened and knew that the effortlessness was an illusion. Looking at this woman she also knew that here was an expert. The form and way that it was done was on a completely different level to anything Maxine had achieved. She forgot her own plans watching the sheer beauty of the thing. Maxine found she could recall the strange, almost sensual names of some of the movements.

(Grasp birds tail, single whip, brush knee, needle at sea bottom)

The woman Maxine watched was Chinese and had a face which seemed ageless. Somewhere between 18 and 40 was Maxine's best guess. In the half light of the morning the ivory skin seemed to glow brightly and was framed by long, dark hair and the traditional loose black suit. That same suit made judging the build difficult but the jacket did not lie flat.

(Fan through back, carry tiger to mountain, snake creeps down, parting the wild horses mane)

Maxie's nipples were tightening. At first she thought it was the cold or the frustration. The vagrant thoughts ("better get back - I really need to come off - I don't do women,") floated through her mind but her mind and body were not one. She found she could not move, she had to watch to the end of the set. It was as if a spell had been cast.

(Golden cock stands on one leg, white snake turns and puts out tongue, stand up to form seven stars, conclusion)

There was a moment of complete stillness as the form ended with the two women standing nearly touching. Everything was in balance for that instant. Maxie wanted to speak but the other woman held one elegant finger to her lips commanding silence and fixing the western woman's eyes on their moist fullness. The only sounds were bird song and the shallow, gasping breaths coming from Maxine. The oriental lifted the top of Maxie's jogging suit but did not touch her skin. It was removed and discarded revealing the tight sports bra that chafed at Maxine's nipples. The slanted eyes regarded the flesh so far revealed and then looked into Maxie's eyes.

"Continue," a faintly accented voice said,

Maxine slipped off her jogging bottoms and stopped but the woman she needed did nothing. Unfastening her bra was difficult but once that restriction was removed it seemed right to slide down her panties. Maxie stood naked but for her running shoes. One slender hand reached out and weighed a western breast then the other ran over Maxies stomach. The nipples were played with and brought to full hardness. Maxie leaned into the touch wanting more. The pain of one nipple twisted cruelly brought her upright.

"No," was the command and Maxie stood, waiting

The examination continued. Her desired tormentor posed her like a doll and everywhere the dancing hands moved was sensitive. Maxie gasped only when a finger was pushed into her rectum and a hand passed tantalizingly over her sodden mound. Her punishment was to have the tender flesh of her perineum pinched roughly. At last only one hand played with Maxie, with a nipple now tighter than at any other time in her life. The hand fell away.

"Continue,"

"but what . . ." Maxie began to be silenced by the stinging slap to her cheek and the single finger raised again to oriental lips,

Maxine began simply, just running her hands over her waist and stomach. She ran one hand upwards teasing her breast, mauling them harder than she ever normally did. The other hand went back and down sliding into the tight crack and touching the secret hole so recently violated. That hand then rose up, to stroke Maxie's hot flushed neck and face. She sucked her finger tasting the faint musk that clung to it.

Her pace became faster. She lifted her breast and though it hurt managed to touch her nipples with her tongue. She shivered and started to scratch her body leaving faint reddened wheals. One hand descended massaged and marked her inner thigh. Feeling the lubrication that had dribbled down between her legs. Her lower lips were gaping and when she found her clitoris it was already clear of it's sheath. It was harder to breath especially when she began to pinch the little nubbin. Soon she would cum and nothing would stop it. The hand that slapped her breast sent a bolt of pain/pleasure down her body.

"Soon - now kneel," said that even voice,

When Maxie knelt the woman stood in front of her so close that the scent of sweat and sex drifted out from under the clothing. With her legs apart and knees slightly bent she moves her sex closer still. Maxie didn't care that twigs and stones dug into her knees - she wanted this woman.

"Continue,"

Hesitantly Maxie raised her hands to the tie at the waist of the pants, half expecting to be stopped. She wasn't. The black silk cloth slid down a little way revealing no panties just a thick mass of dark hair and a hint of pink half hidden beneath. The creamy hands grasped Maxine's head, tangling themselves in Maxie's hair, she pulled the westerner to her. Wet pussy was rubbed all over Maxie's face, the pubic bone crushed against her nose. Maxie was used to masturbate her dominatix. Pussy juices smeared and dried on her face. The wonderful smell overwhelmed her. The hands disentangled from Maxie's hair and opened the sweet oyster in front of her. At last there came the desired command,

"Lick," and Maxie did taking her beloved over the brink and having her mouth fill with juice. But there was no loss of control, no collapse, no cries or whimpers, only the wave of liquid.

The woman stepped back, "Good, continue,"

Maxie obeyed and plunged her fingers into her twat, her hand flashing back and forth. She did not have the control of her mistress, her cries filled the clearing, her body twitched and fell on her side. Two fingers, three, here other hand squeezed down to manipulate her clit. She thrashed, wanting release but could not make it happen. Her mistress meanwhile tied her pants and looked disinterestedly at Maxine. She turned as if to leave, stopped and said,

"Finish,"

Maxie howled at the release. She writhed, wanting to stop so she could follow but unable to do so. She blacked out.

When she awoke there was no sign that anyone else had ever been in the clearing. Maxie brushed the leaves and sticks that had stuck to her skin. The slime that had covered her face had largely dried and would have to wait for her shower. When she went to pick up her clothes, her bra and panties were missing. Even after dressing she felt more naked. Maxine started back on the path she had begun a long hour ago. She tried not to think about what had happened, telling herself it was an aberration born of her frustration.

Back at the car park the other car had gone but on the hood of Maxie's was a small bundle. She undid it. the cloth tying it together were he won panties but slashed about so they resembled a G-string. The other items were a pair of flat canvas Chinese shoes, the sort you practise martial arts in.

"What does she think I am," thought Maxine, "her slave?"

But she already knew the answer. for instead of discarding the gifts in the nearby waste bin she laid them gently on the seat beside her.