 The Reverend and Sheila dropped me off at home after spending 5 and half days breeding me with an unknown number of preachers in their remote cabin in Mississippi. I wouldn't know for weeks whether their plan to impregnate me had worked. My parents met me at the car and my dad grabbed my bag from the Reverend and asked about his trip. I listened while the Reverend spun a story out of thin air about the conference he had attended and the connections he had made that led to him extending the trip.

"I'm happy Kristen could join us and keep Sheila company while I was meeting with other ministers," the Reverend told my parents.

"It was nice she could get out of town for a few days. Must have felt like a vacation!" my mom said.

I tried not to roll my eyes at the discrepancy between the story he fed my parents and what had really happened on our trip. If only they knew the truth about their beloved pastor. 

Sheila got out of the car and gave me a hug. "I enjoyed our time together," she whispered in my ear. Then speaking out loud she said "I'll see you at Bible study tomorrow!"

The next few weeks were mostly back to normal. My accounting practice was starting to take off and I knew I'd be busier in a few months when tax season began. I focused on work and finally found an office space to lease in town so I could meet with clients other than in their homes, which was mostly how I had been working.

I continued my atonement sessions with the Reverend and Sheila on Thursday nights and Sundays after services. But they also wanted me to start coming over on Tuesdays, too. Sheila was checking in with me every day, sometimes calling or texting multiple times a day. 

I felt like I was in limbo those weeks after the trip. By the time we returned from our trip, it was too late for me to take emergency contraceptive, and I couldn't do anything else without knowing if I had actually gotten pregnant. I tried not to think about whether I was pregnant or not. But I couldn't stop thinking about being bred. I got wet thinking about all the men who had cum in me. I started to ignore the Reverend's prohibition on masturbating. I couldn't help myself. I was so horny and the few times a week he fucked me wasn't enough.

Just over 3 weeks after we returned, I went to the Reverend's house after Sunday services as usual. After undressing me, Sheila took me into the bathroom and pulled out a pregnancy test. I felt nervous as I peed on the stick. Sheila set a timer on her phone and when it went off, we looked at the results together. When I saw the two pink lines, my heart sank. I was pregnant.

Sheila was ecstatic. She shrieked and hugged me tight. "Oh, Kristen, I'm so excited. We're going to have a baby!" Then she cuffed me to the bed and took the pregnancy test and went to find Mike.

When the Reverend came in, he had a reserved smile on his face. "I hear congratulations are in order, Ms. Ingram," he said. "Our prayers have been answered. That little miracle growing inside you is going to help you become a respectable woman."

I didn't see how being single and pregnant was going to make me respectable. If anything, my reputation was going to be ruined. Would I lose my clients? What would my parents say? No, this was crazy. I couldn't go through with it. I had already researched my options and knew if I went soon, I could terminate the pregnancy with a medical abortion. Just take a pill and my problem would go away. But in Tennessee, it was going to take 2 visits to a clinic at least 48 hours apart. And the nearest clinic was over an hour away. It would take a little planning, but I had a few weeks to work with. I just didn't want to risk going too close to the cutoff for a medical termination and have to undergo a more invasive procedure. Especially since I didn't have anyone to go with me.

The Reverend uncuffed me and told me to get dressed. "We will skip your atonement today, in honor of this development."

I was disappointed he wasn't going to punish me and fuck me today. I had been looking forward to it. But I also had other things on my mind, so I didn't complain. Once I was dressed, both the Reverend and Sheila went to drive me home. Usually just Sheila drove me home afterwards. I had gotten a ride to church with my parents. I thought maybe they were going somewhere after taking me home. I didn't ask. I didn't really feel like talking to them right then.

When we pulled up in front of my house, the Reverend parked the car and turned it off. I started to get a sinking feeling about what was happening. 

"We are going to come in and talk to your parents," the Reverend said.

"What? Why?" I asked, incredulous. I wasn't even going to tell my parents because in a few weeks, I wouldn't be pregnant anymore. They didn't need to know.

"We know this is difficult news for you to share. We want to make things easier on you."

"Thanks, but I'd rather deal with this myself," I said.

"I insist," the Reverend responded.

I felt sick to my stomach. I couldn't move. What was he going to say to them? What were they going to think of me? Sheila came around and helped me get out of the car. I was in a daze. They walked up to the house with me and I opened the door. 

My parents were sitting in the living room and started to say "You're back early," when they saw the Reverend and Mrs. Ward. "Hello, Reverend! We weren't expecting you," my dad boomed. My mother patted her hair and looked around nervously to make sure the house was in order for company. It was always neat and tidy, but she worried about what others thought. Especially someone with as much influence as the Reverend.

"I'm afraid I have some news that I felt was best discussed in person," the Reverend told my parents.

I had been standing, staring at the floor in the entryway. The Reverend turned to me "May I speak with your parents privately for a few minutes, Ms. Ingram?"

I was happy to leave the room. I went to my bedroom, but kept the door cracked open so I could listen to their conversation.

Once my parents and the Reverend and Mrs. Ward were settled in the living room, the Reverend began, "It has come to my attention that your daughter, Ms. Ingram, is with child."

I heard my mother gasp. My father was silent. I could only imagine the look on his face. I was the youngest of their 3 children and had always kept out of trouble. I was a straight A student. I graduated university with honors. This was probably the last thing they expected to hear. 

After an uncomfortable silence, I heard my father ask in strained voice "Who is the father?" I imagined he wanted to punch the guy.

"She hasn't said. I understand from Sheila that Kristen isn't seeing anyone, so I imagine the child is the product of a..." and the Reverend seemed to struggle for the right phrase. "Of a casual acquaintance."

"Maybe she was raped," my mother blurted out. I was 28. Did they really think I was still a virgin? This was the 21st century. Women had sex before marriage. But apparently not in Tennessee. At least not outside of a committed relationship. Rape seemed the most logical explanation to my mother.

"I think she would have told me if she was raped," Sheila said softly. Oh, the irony, I thought, listening to her.

"I know this is a lot for you to process. It's not something you want to find out about your own child," the Reverend continued. "But Sheila and I have prayed on this and talked it over. As you know, we have been unable to have a child of our own. We would like to adopt Kristen's baby and raise it as our own."

I stopped listening then. I knew my parents wouldn't fight them on that. Maybe if it were their first grandchild. But they had grandchildren from my older brother and sister already. Having the Reverend adopt my illegitimate child would make an intolerable situation easier for them. 

I lay in bed thinking things through. I could still go through with my plans to terminate the pregnancy. It was more complicated now because my parents knew. And if they found out I had had an abortion, they would disown me. But I could pass a medical abortion off as a miscarriage. My thoughts were racing, trying to decide what to do.

After a few minutes, my father called me out to the living room. I came out, unable to make eye contact with anyone. My mother was crying softly and Sheila was sitting next to her comforting her.

My father spoke first. "The Reverend and Mrs. Ward have offered to take you in and support you through your pregnancy. Go pack your things and the Reverend will help you load up the car."

My eyes snapped to my father. He was staring at a spot on the floor and wouldn't look at me.

"But I want to stay here!" I blurted out.

"Your mother and I took you in when your life in Colorado fell apart. We wanted to help you get back on your feet. Instead, you have shamed yourself, and us by extension. Perhaps the Reverend and Mrs. Ward can help you turn your life around. I think it's best if you take them up on their offer," my father said. His tone left no room for negotiation. My mother began to cry harder.

Feeling stunned, I went back to my room and began to pack up my clothes. Most of my possessions were still in boxes in their garage, waiting until I could afford my own place. But I packed up what few things I had, mostly books electronic devices and my clothes. Sheila came in to help me pack after a few minutes. I heard the Reverend speaking in low tones with my parents in the living room.

It dawned on me that the Reverend had removed all my options now. I couldn't afford to live on my own and my parents were kicking me out. If I had an abortion, I would lose the support of the Reverend and Sheila, too. I would have nowhere to go. But support aside, I realized I didn't want to lose them. I couldn't imagine my life without them now. Not only was I not dating anyone, but I had no interest in dating anyone. I craved the control they had over me. As I finished packing up my things, I finally accepted my fate. I was going to have a baby. And the Reverend and Sheila were going to adopt it. I collapsed on the bed and started sobbing.

----

The Reverend and Sheila moved me into the guest bedroom next to their master bedroom. The reality of my life was starting to sink in. The life I had imagined for myself 10 years ago when I had moved away from this town was gone forever. I belonged to the Reverend and Mrs. Ward now. But as I contemplated this new reality, I decided I wasn't going to blindly accept things on their terms.

We settled into a domestic life, eating meals together and Sheila and I sharing household chores. They made me sell my car to save money since they had two cars already and didn't think we needed a third. In the mornings, Sheila dropped me off at my office before joining the Reverend at church where she worked most days. She or the Reverend picked me up in the afternoon and brought me home. It occurred to me that this arrangement served to prevent me from traveling to a clinic to terminate the pregnancy. I had already given up on that plan, but they were probably covering all their bases. I now had no real freedom. I was either at work or at their house, nearly always under their supervision.

After a few days in my new home, when we were having dinner, I brought up the subject I had been thinking about. "You have completely upended my life. You impregnated me against my will and got me kicked out of my home. Now you expect me to carry a baby for nine months so you can have a child."

"Let's be realistic, Ms. Ingram," the Reverend interrupted. "You brought this on yourself with your wanton ways."

"I wasn't finished," I said, letting my anger guide me before I let him destroy my resolve. "I'm willing to go through with this charade, but I have some conditions."

The Reverend and Sheila looked at me, waiting to hear what I would say. 

"I am willing to keep up appearances within the community as the prodigal daughter, taken in by the devout Reverend and his wife," I said, pronouncing 'devout' with all the sarcasm it deserved. "But within this house, I want to be treated as a sister wife. There is precedent in the Bible for a man taking multiple wives. You have already lain with me as a man lays with a wife. If I am to remain single, I expect to have my conjugal needs met within this house."

When they didn't interrupt me, I boldly added "And that includes with Mrs. Ward. I want our relationship to continue as it did at the cabin." I was sure the Reverend was aware of the time I spent with Sheila alone in the room. It was a small cabin and I had no doubt he had given her some leeway to keep me happy.

Sheila and the Reverend looked at each other, considering my demands. Although they had the upper hand in the relationship, they also knew I was carrying their child and would need to sign over my parental rights once the baby was born. That unspoken threat was a hollow one since there was no way I could raise the child on my own, nor did I want to. But it was the only real leverage I had.

Finally, the Reverend responded "We'll talk it over." And that was the end of the conversation.

Since the positive pregnancy test, my atonement sessions had been suspended. I was masturbating in secret and very sexually frustrated. Late that night, after my conversation with the Reverend and Sheila, I was lying in bed naked, fingering my pussy, when there was a knock at the door and Sheila came in. She closed the door behind her and came over to the bed.

"Mike and I talked it over," she said. "He is not comfortable having sex with you while you are pregnant. He thinks it could jeopardize the pregnancy. I told him it is perfectly safe, but he won't change his mind. I think in his mind, the pregnancy has transformed you from whore to Madonna and he doesn't want to defile the mother carrying his child. But he understands you have needs and he is willing to turn a blind eye to me helping you out. He won't condone it, but he won't stand in my way," Sheila explained.

She was wearing a sheer nightgown and she lifted it over her head and dropped it to the ground before crawling into bed with me. My heart leapt. I hadn't been alone with Sheila since the cabin and I had missed her so much. I pulled her into my arms and we kissed. All my emotions from the last few weeks flooded over me and I started to cry. She wiped my tears away with her fingers and began kissing my face, then my neck and my breasts. I moaned as her lips found my nipple. I thought about how a year from now, I would be lactating and the thought of her sucking milk from my breasts increased my desire for her.

Our movements were urgent and needy. She needed me as badly as I needed her. I reached down and caressed her breasts as she suckled me. I felt her hand between my legs and I cried out. I was already wet from having fingered myself earlier and she wasted no time sliding her fingers into me and rubbing my clitoris with her thumb. Her mouth on my nipple and her hand in my pussy were driving me wild. She could sense I was desperate for release. She pumped her fingers into me, overtaken with her own desire. I grew wetter with each thrust of her hand. She slid three fingers into me, then four, her thumb still on my clit.

"Oh fuck! Mrs. Ward. Yes, please!" I cried out, my hips bucking against her hand. I felt her fingers probing my insides, spreading me open. There was no lube in the room, but I was so horny and wet. Taking her cue from my reaction to her, she tucked her thumb into her hand and slid it all the way into my pussy. She pushed in quickly to compensate for lack of lube and as the widest part of hand passed through my opening, the pain was intense and I muffled a scream. But the pain mixed with pleasure was intoxicating. In my emotional state, I craved that pain. The Reverend hadn't whipped me since finding out I was pregnant and I couldn't stand going so long without punishment. 

"Do it again," I begged. And Sheila withdrew her hand, and pushed it into me again. "Again," I cried. And again she slid her hand out and pushed back into my pussy. Each time the widest part of her hand slid in or out, stretching me, I muffled a cry of pain. But each time, her hand slid through more easily as my muscles accommodated her. The third time she pressed her hand into my cunt, my climax overpowered me and I screamed out in pleasure. She held her hand inside me, riding out the waves of my orgasm as the contractions squeezed her hand. When I began to relax, she twisted her hand inside me, making my body jump as she stimulated my sensitive nerve endings. She slowly slid her hand out and rubbed my clit with her wet fingers, sending aftershocks of pleasure through my body. I shivered in ecstasy until I was too sensitive for any more touch and sensing this, she withdrew her hand and wrapped her arms around me.

The powerful orgasm combined with my overwhelming emotions brought me to tears again. We lay in bed holding each other until we fell asleep.

The next morning, I awoke and looked over at Sheila sleeping beside me. Her dark hair was spread out around her face and she looked so peaceful. The events from the night before came flooding back to my mind and I began to trace my fingers over her skin. She sighed in her sleep. My fingers moved down to her mound and began circling her clit. She moaned softly. I dipped a finger into her and found she was wet. My pussy tingled at the thought of making her come. I ran my fingers over her slit, feeling her grow wetter at my touch. She started to stir from sleep.

I moved down between her legs and ran my tongue over her vulva. I wiggled my tongue into her wet folds and drew it up to her clitoris. She moaned and wrapped her legs around me. I sucked her clit as I slid two fingers into her pussy. I wanted to bury my face in her. I lapped up her juices, pressing my tongue as far into her as I could. I massaged her clit with my thumb. She was moaning loudly now, with no concern for whether the Reverend heard her or not. All I wanted was to make her come on my face. Her arousal was making me hot and I moaned as I licked her pussy, knowing that the vibrations drove her wild.

Grabbing her ass in my hands, I pulled her against my face, my nose pressed against her engorged clit, my mouth alternately sucking and licking her sweet lips. I felt her tense as she neared her climax and altered my pace to what I knew would push her over the edge. "Yes! Kristen! Oh God, yes!" she cried out as her legs tightened around me, holding me against her sex. I continued to stroke her clit with my tongue until her spasms died down. Then I gently licked the juices from between her folds, enjoying the taste of her pleasure. I drew my tongue up over her sensitive nub again, making her shudder, then lay back on the bed next to her.

We were both breathing hard, looking up at the ceiling. I wished we could stay in bed all day, but after she caught her breath, she said "I guess I should get up and make breakfast."

I looked at her with raw desire in my eyes. Don't be greedy, I thought. This is just the beginning. "I'll help you," I said, and we got up to start our day.