 She was sitting on the bed. I hadn't met her, and I was pretty sure I wasn't going to again. I could see in her eyes that she wanted me. It was a hungry look, full of sexual tension. And as for me, well, she was fit, and I hadn't had a girl in a while. It's something you miss, once you've had it. 

She leant in to kiss me, and I responded. At first it was slow, sensuous. We stood, at the same height, and it felt natural for our lips to meet. Every so often, our breathing would hasten, and our bodies and kissing would become heated. Our tongues played with each other like dancing flames, while our lips carried on touching, moving, gently brushing against each other. Our hands were all over each others bodies, one hand of Emily's running through my curly blonde hair, forcing our lips even closer together, while my hand travelled down along the length of her back, over her ass, to the hem of her short dress, and then back up underneath the fabric, caressing the back of her thigh, causing her to moan. She moved one hand to my breasts and played with my hidden nipples, causing an electric feeling in my spine. I moved my other hand to her ass, stroking it gently. She seemed awkward at first, but as her confidence grew, she began to explore my body more. Her legs began to give way and, with our lips still together, we sank down onto the bed. I was soon on top of her, gently pinning her body to the bed. I felt a patch of wetness form in her crotch, and I pulled back, so that if Emily had been a guy, her cock would have been right in my pussy. 

She reached up and began to slowly undo the hooks on my corset-top, then threw it across the floor. She lay on the floor, staring up at me, realising that I had no bra on underneath my top. She was glancing from my breasts to my lust-filled eyes, and I bent forward, and grabbed hold of her hands. I brought them up to my chest, and she moved her thumbs over my exposed, nipples. I rubbed her hands over my breasts, then leant down on top of her, and kissed her hard, our eyes staring deeply into each other, as I did so. I broke the kiss, and brought each one of my breasts down into her mouth in turn, and she used her tongue to lick around each nipple, before flicking and gently nibbling each one, and I felt them harden in her mouth. "You sure you haven't done this before?" I said breathlessly, letting her know that her actions were turning me on. 

"Well, I know how this feels on me, so it must be doing wonders for you."

"Really?" I knelt up and smiled mischievously. I reached behind me, and unzipped my skirt, which immediately fell to the floor. She gasped, as she saw that not only was I not wearing a bra, but I was without panties as well. I was wearing a pair of black suspenders, holding up stockings and a black lace garter belt. I sat back, opened my dripping wet pussy lips with one hand, and used the other to gently rub my clit. I took out my fingers from my own pussy, and moved my fingers up to my mouth, tasting my own wetness, before I began to slide down her body. 

Her breathing seemed got even more frantic, as she knew what was coming, but didn't quite know what it would feel like. I moved my hands up her back, and found the zip to her dress. I undid it, and eased it down her body, to reveal a lacy white bra, and a white thong. I gently moved the material to one side, and slowly inserted two fingers into her throbbing pussy. I used my other hand to unhook her bra, and slide it off her, then started to lick all around her breasts, ignoring her nipples as they stood erect. Instead, my tongue raced gently around them, passing closer and closer each time, her escaping moans making me even more horny. Eventually, I took each nipple into my mouth, and flicked my tongue around them, as I withdrew my fingers from her dripping pussy.

I moved down her body, kissing her breasts, her stomach, and then lower. I reached around her waist, and slid her thong down, as she moved her legs out of it. I ran my tongue over her pussy, stroking her pussy lips. Her moans grew ever louder, and I gently spread her legs, so that my mouth could gain better access, and I started to lick the wetness from Emily's pubes, tasting her for the first time. I moved my hands up the sensitive skin on her inner thighs and came to rest upon her pussy lips. I glanced down and saw the lust in her eyes. I began to slowly lick upwards against her clit, then changed the movements so that my tongue would flick across, along, up, down, and around her clit, each touch causing her to arch her back in pleasure. We were both breathing heavily, and moaning in ecstasy. I moved a hand down to her pussy once more, and teased her entrance with two of my fingers, then moved down lower. I took one finger and began to tease her ass, then pushed a finger tip inside her, already wet through her own juices. Her breathing became so erratic that it seemed to almost stop, and with a loud rush of breath, she came. Her whole body began to shake, her eyes closed. I continued to lick her clit, driving her orgasm onwards, making it last for what seemed like an eternity. She grabbed the headboard of the bed for support, and I ran my tongue up her slit, drinking in her cum, savouring her sweet taste. Her ass released my finger tip, and I gave her pussy one final kiss.

We lay in silence for a while, then Emily spoke. "That was the most amazing feeling. I have never come like that before. Now let me give you something back." She was the one to kiss me now, teasing my pussy with her tongue. She sucked my pussy lips gently, causing a shot of pleasure to run through me. I felt my clit respond to her touch, as she licked my burning pussy. She delved deeper into me, exploring places that she had never been before - a woman. After everything that we had already done together, I was on the point of climax already. I knew I was going to cum soon, as I felt my orgasm slowly bubbling up, from deep inside me. The feelings ran through every part of my body, and I screamed in ecstasy as I felt my pussy explode, and my cum dripping into Emily's waiting mouth. My breathing came harder, and I buried my face in a pillow to stop my moans reaching to the party downstairs. Eventually I subsided, and we lay together again. She laughed and said "I can't believe we just did that." 

"Yeah. Isn't lesbian sex just so underrated?" I sat up.

"And I can't believe that you two just did that, without realising that I was standing here filming you the whole time." I looked up, and saw Kris, a guy from the party, standing in the doorway, holding a video camera.