 I just got back from my schoolies trip at Tangalooma Island; it was great being the only 18 year old girl there from my group of high school friends, I made the most of it. My thoughts can't help but go to the second night I was there with my friends. "This is still a good schoolies week." That night we all planned to go to the jetty and feed the dolphins. We all got a good seat down front watching the creatures come in from the ocean. A group of people in yellow shirts came down the beach with several buckets. There was this marine scientist called Andréa and my god was she sexy. Andréa had a South African accent which had such a sound that it lingered in my ears! She is at least 5"9' with a gorgeous tan, and sexy defined legs joining to a mesmerising shapely figure. A figure very similar to my 5"10' toned figure, slightly paler, but still quite enticing -- or so I'm constantly told. 

Andréa's talking to the audience about the dolphin feeding that's about to commence, and I'm sitting up on the stands just staring at her outstanding beauty. She catches a glimpse and stutters on her current sentence, blushing slightly. She looks down and tries to refocus, and mean while I have a mischievous smirk on my face just watching her every movement, her facial expressions, her hand gestures, just everything in general, and I'm feeling this immediate attraction with every second that I'm staring at her.

Constantly, Andréa keeps glancing back in my direction and I swear I could have seen a small smile on her face, for just a split second, and all the sound is gone except her voice. It's just reverberating in the background like a distant echo. I'm getting goose-bumps just watching her steal a gaze when she can. That's when I got up and walked down the jetty and got in line for the tourists who are going to feed the dolphins. 

Once I got through, I saw Andréa taking those in the line before me with a distant look on her face, and she headed back to the water for the dolphins, not noticing me, so I waited patiently in her line even though all the other lines were shorter. Slowly, one by one the line grew shorter, and she's looking like she's alone and there is no one there to even hold her hand. And then, it's my turn. I bent down to the buckets to wash my hands then I grabbed a fish to feed the dolphin. When she turned around farewelling the tourists in front of me, she slowly walked back up and then, between heads of passing by figures, she saw my face and all I can do was smile. With Andréa mirroring that same smile of glee, she took the wrist of the hand that had the fish, and we walked slowly down to the water.

My skin felt like it was on fire, like her hand is the source of this magical warmth. I stole a glance at her face which was flush, I'm hoped she was feeling the same heat I was otherwise I'm going crazy. And then there's her voice again, introducing the dolphin Tinkerbell to me. She asked for my name unable to hide that gorgeous smile on her face. Calmly I said "Fiona" and her face just glowed with a sensual smile, and I couldn't help but smile widely as well because I swear it's the most beautiful sight ever. Nothing could ever come close let alone compete against it, it was just amazing. Andréa was telling me a bit about Tinkerbell, then she lowered my hand and gently Tinkerbell took the fish from my hand and swallowed it whole.

As we stood back up straight, I asked "What time do you finish?" Her face just lit up and she replied "Meet me on the jetty here at 9, I should be done by then, if not wait, please?" All I could do was smile, I felt like a little kid getting a Christmas present because I just couldn't stop smiling! So I simply nodded and said "I'll see you then." As her hand slowly slipped from my wrist, travelling up my arm, there was a sudden chill down my spine and after that I was longing to feel her skin on mine once again. 

Time until 9pm went as slow as time could possibly go, like fate was tormenting me, teasing me, as if it knew that I longed for her so bad that it would take its sweet ass time getting to 9pm. But when it came, all the nerves in the world came crashing down on my heart, I suddenly felt shy, I felt like I had no chance, no hope in hell with this perfect goddess from heaven, and the longer I waited at the jetty, the worse the feeling got. But when I saw her figure coming and the smile on her face, and the way she walked, swaying those sexy hips, exposed legs, hair laid down, blowing in the wind; all the doubts, all the fears, all the nerves just flew out into the open ocean and dissipated with every wave that crashed on the beach. I was utterly lost for words but found some in time for her arrival, it sounded like royal trumpets sounding in the distance, but then it all stopped with one simple word, "Hey" and that was it, she had me there and then. 

I don't even think she knew just how much she had my heart already, so I held out my right hand - craving her soft, warm skin and then she took it and already I felt like we were somewhere no one else would ever interrupt us. She is so enticing on her own, then when she speaks its like a the world is in a daze and I cant do anything but think of her, feel her touch, hear her voice, and I couldn't be happier. 

All we did was walk along the beach for an hour or so talking and I never wanted to let her out of my sight, out of arms reach for the fear of her leaving forever was something I'd never want to feel. But then my thoughts just shattered, the world spun so fast I felt dizzy, all because she asked the question I thought she wouldn't. "If you got nothing planned, did you want to come back to my place? I do great hot chocolates." As those words flowed into my head I felt my heart melt and for some unknown, otherworldly reason, I leant over, my left hand on the other side of her head and kissed her, not hard, not fast, just slow and loving. That was when I felt her hand slip from mine again but only to feel to those hands wrap themselves around my waist, my right hand went straight to the small of her back gently pulling her closely and all I felt is this perfect body press against mine while experiencing a kiss from which I could faint from.

To my surprise I felt a tongue slip between my lips and it was just mind blowing. She really was a goddess because a kiss like that could bring you back from the verge of death. Her fingers were clawing gently at my back but soon became violent which only turned me on more. Already this girl has blown all dreams, fantasies, wish's, hopes even fabrics of reality out my head, never to be thought of again. I just had to have her, I had to feel her completely and experience her whole body before I woke up from this unbelievable dream! I felt like slapping myself for even thinking about pulling away from those luscious lips but I had to have her. 

"Your place, now!" Andréa grinned evilly and I swear I nearly came just then. She grabbed my hand again and dragged me back to her place. As we were on the stairs and Andréa was trying to find the keys, my hands had a mind of their own, feeling her hips, her waist, her stomach, the light outline of her ribs moving fast from her panting. I lightly kissed her neck, her collarbone, her cheek, nibbling on her ear lobe and then we both jumped at the sound of the keys hitting the floor. Andréa sighed and got the keys, opening the door and shoving me up the stairs as fast as I could go. From behind she started to pull off my shirt and once that was off, I turned around tugging at hers while she started at my pants. I was kicking off my shoes and started working at her pants and in no time we were both naked on the bed, a trail of clothes leading from the stairs to her bedroom. 

Andréa rolled me over but I would have none of it, I rolled her back, pinning her hands above her head, kissing her hard and then moving from her lips to her ear, down her neck, only to hear her whimper as I crossed her pulse point. When I let my tongue trail from her neck to her breast I heard a gasp, so I gently bit down on the tip of her nipple, then took it into my mouth for a split second to get it moist and pulled away to blow on it, giving her goose-bumps. I did the same to the other, each a few times, and then when she was thrusting beneath me I slipped a thigh between hers for some friction. Andréa was rocking her head from side to side, on the brink of orgasm, and I pulled my thigh away, letting go of her hands, and trailing my tongue along her stomach, straight down to her clit. I gave a small bite then I wrapped my lips around the engorged bud and sucked like I was dieing of thirst. As soon as I did she exploded, the smell was intoxicating, the taste was sensational, addictive, I just couldn't get enough of her - her taste, touch, smell, I wanted it all and I was going to get it all.

The aroma was driving me nuts, so I drove my tongue into her and lapped up all the juices I could find and then gently at first, I thrusted two fingers into her sweet warmth, and started slow, going faster and harder, with my tongue back at her swollen and sensitive bundle of nerves working for more of her sweet nectar, the very same which could be the fountain of youth because the more I had, the more I wanted, and the more I felt alive. Soon Andréa came again, screaming out my name accompanied by moans and groans, one of the sexiest sounds I have ever heard. 

This girl was not going anywhere, in fact about a minute after I swallowed as much as I could she grabbed my head and brought me to her face and we kissed with tongues travelling half way down each others throat. I'm guessing she loved to taste herself in my mouth, but while she was kissing me I felt fingers exploring my warm wetness. I was so hot and so ready for her I almost burst there and then, but when she dove in three fingers and started thrusting I lost my self in a euphorious daze and don't know how many times I came but it felt great. The best feeling that I could ever experience was just here, at my centre, and as I screamed in ecstasy.

Andréa was kissing and nibbling my neck and collar bone, and I couldn't take it anymore, I collapsed to her side, and before I knew it she was on top of me and going down to the throbbing flesh between my legs to work more out me. I felt her hot tongue go everywhere, exploring, collecting, exploring more, and her fingers were back inside me, obviously not finished. I was so sensitive that I came again so easily and she absorbed it all up, and came up to my face kissing along the way. When her mouth met mine we were lost in all space and time, it was just 2 lovers experiencing their first, and when her luscious lips left mine to be replaced by those magical three fingers I didn't complain too much, but I soon had her mouth again. My arms wrapped themselves around her, massaging her soft cheeks while Andréa was leaving her mark by scratching my rib cage down across my stomach, but we were out of breath, out of energy, so Andréa just lay upon me and the only warmth needed was generated from our two naked bodies entwined.