 Meghan needed a new bra. Two weeks ago, her favorite pink underwire bra had broken, leaving her with only a lavender demi bra; a black underwire bra; and two plain white ones. While the demi bra lifted and offered her half-covered breasts up as if on a tray in a very sexy way, it was way too uncomfortable to wear for a whole work day. The black one squeezed her D cups together very nicely, and looked very good against her white skin, but just wasn't as comfortable as her pink one. As for the white ones? Well, who looked sexy in white? No matter how much lace they had, they were just too plain. And Meghan did not like feeling plain. As she tried to focus on her work, the ordinary, white one she wore that day started pinching under her left arm, and she reached up to stretch it out. Jenny, her co-worker and best friend noticed as she was walking by. 

"Meghan, is something bothering you today?" 

"Oh, it's nothing," Meghan replied. The truth was, Meghan wanted to go into the restroom and remove that uncomfortable undergarment, but the thin, white top she wore that day would have let her pert nipples show through. They always got excited and swelled a little when she took her bra off and the white shirt wouldn't hide that at all. That simply wasn't an option. 

"You should really go to see Jackie at Victoria's Secret," Jenny offered. "I always leave her feeling completely satisfied," she said with a smile. Something in that smile made Meghan look twice. It was the look her husband used to give her when she wore her lavender, demi bra under her favorite plum top. There was something about that top that made him stare at her with the same, lust filled look that Jenny had just then. Meghan shook it off and told Jenny she would think about it. But as the day went on, the white, plain bra started digging into her side more and more and she decided Jenny was probably right. 

"Hunnie, I am going shopping on my way home, so take care of yourself. No, I don't know how long I will be, just go to the bar and get a burger if you want. I will be there when I am done," she said to her hubby on the phone. She hung up and sat there wondering when the last time was her husband had given her that look. It seemed like years ago. Although she loved her husband very much, life with him had gotten old and predictable. She wasn't complaining, lord no, but it just seemed like she needed something extra. Something a little fun. She couldn't quite put her finger on it, but it was there in the back of her mind, just the same. 

When the work day was over, she got in her Toyota and drove the short distance to the Victoria's Secret in the near-by mall. She parked and locked her car, noticing that the parking lot was conspicuously empty. "Must be that not many women shop here on a Tuesday night," she thought to herself as she made her way up to the doors and into the store. 

"May I help you?" Jackie asked as Meghan walked thru the door and into the empty store. 

"Oh, I'm just browsing," Meghan said as she took a second look at Jackie. She stood about the same height as Meghan, but had raven dark black hair that fell around her shoulders. Meghan looked a little lower and was embarrassed to realize that she was focusing on Jackie's breasts. Jackie was probably a double D, but why was she even looking there? She shook her head and looked back at Jackie's face. 

"I was thinking I might use a new bra," Meghan finally managed to say. 

"What size are you?" Jackie asked. 

Good question, Meghan thought to herself, she really didn't know for sure. "Um, I think maybe a C?" She managed. 

"Well that's the problem," Jackie said. "You probably aren't wearing the correct size for you. Here, lets just go into the dressing room and I will measure you." 

Meghan thought to herself. She had never ever really been measured for a bra since she was in high school, so Jackie was probably right. Maybe that's why the bras she had didn't seem to fit right on her. 

"Ok, sure, let's go then", Meghan said. Jackie smiled at her, and for the second time that day, Meghan saw that look again. She felt her tummy flip once, and felt her mouth go dry as Jackie took her hand and led her to the back of the store. 

Meghan followed Jackie into the first dressing room. "Go on in, and take your top off" Jackie said. "I will find some bras that you will like, and then I will be right in." As Meghan listened to the door click shut behind her, she could feel her heart start to beat harder. What was she so nervous for? She was going to get measured for a bra and pick a few out. The door clicked shut behind her and she started to unbutton her blouse. She looked down at the plain, white bra under her top, and thought to herself, time for a change. Little did she know how right she would be. 

"Are you ready for me?" Jackie said as she opened the door and walked into the dressing room with Meghan. Meghan had removed her blouse as she had been told, and stood there in her bra, her arms crossed, trying to cover up as much as she could. "Here are some bras I picked out for you, but first, we need to get this old one off of you and measure." Meghan took a deep breath, and started to reach behind her. "Here, let me." Jackie said as she reached up and turned Meghan's back to her. Jackie's hands felt warm on Meghan's back as she unhooked the white bra. She pulled the sides apart, and off of Meghan's nice breasts. Picking up a tape measure, she went around under the bust line, her hands brushing against the bottom of Meghan's breasts. With a shiver, Meghan closed her eyes and waited. "Just as I thought" Jackie said. "38.........38D for sure."

"How do you know I am a D?" Meghan asked. Jackie just pulled the tape from around Meghan and softly cupped both of her breasts from behind.

"I know. These are a D, a very nice, very full D cup." 

Meghan gasped at the physical contact. Jackie held both of her breasts in her hands. She could feel Jackie's breath on her neck and her nipples suddenly became very hard. Jackie felt Meghan's nipples respond to her touch and started to rub them between her fingers. This caused Meghan to tremble slightly and back into Jackie's arms. Jackie turned her head to the side and started to kiss on Meghan's neck, very softly and so very sensual. Meghan thought her knees would buckle as she tried to remain standing. The kisses became harder and moved up to Meghan's ear lobes, then back down to her neck. All the while, Jackie was rubbing Meghan's nipples harder and harder, making them stand out from her breasts, as if they were asking for even more attention. Jackie wanted to give them just that and walked around to the front of Meghan, taking her left nipple full into her mouth as both of her hands held her left breast up to her mouth. 

"Oh my god," Meghan thought, "What is she doing?" But it felt too good for her to say no, too good for her to say stop. Her mind was going a mile a minute, but she couldn't form any words. She felt her pussy get wet and wondered if Jackie would taste it. Meghan felt her body slide down to the floor, where Jackie was suddenly on top of her, kissing her full on the mouth. Jackie then kissed her way down, spending lots of time on each of Meghan's breasts and nipples, before moving lower with her mouth. Jackie unzipped Meghan's slacks and slid them down as Meghan involuntarily lifted her hips so they could be slid off. Now all that separated Jackie's warm mouth was Meghan's thin thong, and Jackie reached up and pulled it aside, revealing a very warm, very wet pussy. 

Meghan thought she might die as she felt Jackie's lips caress her inner folds and her clit started to swell, sticking out from her wet pussy. Jackie found it and softly sucked on it while licking the tip at the same time. Meghan started to moan, a low soft moan that started to get louder and louder as Jackie sucked on her clit harder. 

"Don't stop Jackie.....don't stop....please god, don't stop," Meghan gasped as Jackie latched her mouth over her swollen clit and sucked even harder while taking both her hands and pinching Meghan's swollen nipples. "I'm cumming," Meghan said as she felt her orgasm start. It built up from her insides, bellowing out to her toes and back up. Her thighs and arms started shaking as her climax overtook her body. Then she was limp. 

Jackie eased her sucking off of Meghan's clit and turned her head to the side, resting her raven black hair on Meghan's tummy. "Another satisfied customer," she thought to herself.