 Author's Note: This isn't my first story, but it is my first short story and has involved a change in my writing style. As such I would be very interested to receive any feedback, comments or criticisms from readers.

Sculpted and muscular bodies loitered around the large marshalling area behind the main auditorium stage. A very serious group of male and female bodybuilders were putting final touches to their bodies and swimwear before they were called on to the stage in front of hundreds of spectators who had gathered for the national bodybuilding championships

In amongst the nearly one hundred competitors in the marshalling area were two very lost women. Jenny, a 21 year old competitor in her very first competition stood in her bulky sweats carrying her gym bag looking for an organizer who could point her to the right sign in table. 

Jenny was a trim five foot five woman, tall by bodybuilding standards, she had a flowing mane of soft brown hair, with the slightest twinge of red running through it. Her youthful age and eagerness was matched by her nervousness as strutting her body in front of hundreds of strangers. But after much goading from fellow gym goers and friends she decided to enter and see how she stacked up against the rest. 

What had started as a part time fitness kick to get herself into reasonable shape had taken over her life in a very short space of time. She had become obsessed with improving her body and pushing herself. Before she knew it she was a “lean and mean machine” as her trainer called her. The bulky sweats she wore covered a well honed young body. She sported a firm tight rear and svelte pair of legs, cut by the ripples of her quadriceps and calf muscles. Her torso was immaculate, a taught chest which still looked feminine but was tightly packed, and a deep cut set of abs which anybody would be proud of. You could literally bounce a quarter off any part of her body. Her body fat index was a ridiculous two and a half percent. 

She topped off her near perfect physique with an olive tan and perfect unblemished skin from a life devoted to one skin cream or another. She looked at some of the hunks and fellow female competitors who posed around her. Nobody outwardly glanced her way at all, bodybuilders before a competition were always totally wrapped up in themselves, only casting a cursory glance at their competition now and then. 

Jenny didn’t want to interrupt anyone but didn’t want to heave her gym bag around the auditorium looking for a marshal to get her in the right place. She had entered the open ladies contest because she had decided to tackle the best first up. Her heats didn’t begin for nearly three hours to come, but she wanted to make sure everything was just right.

She stepped towards the closest muscle bound hunk she could see. His tight little blue g-string threatened to cause Jenny to laugh, she couldn’t get used to the idea of a guy wearing so little in public. She then realized that her own bikini set had been described by her boyfriend as one step away from pornography. That memory brought a smile to her face, particularly the way he reacted immediately after he saw it, Jenny had never been fucked so hard in her life that night. 

Jenny was about to tap him on the shoulder to ask for directions when she felt a hand gently grab her around the arm. Turning around she saw a well tanned woman in black bike pants and a tight fitting workout shirt. She had all the hallmarks of another bodybuilder, from the deep brown tan which must have taken hours in the sun and solarium to perfect, well rounded upper arms and shoulders and the angular form of her tight legs. 

“You look lost,” the woman offered to the surprised Jenny. She nodded her approval and the woman still holding her arm led her a couple steps into the centre of the marshalling area. “First time is it?”

“Well, yeah, I was wondering where I signed up for my event,” Jenny offered. She wasn’t shy but neither was she a terribly outgoing person, and being in a totally different State and far away from friends and family led to more apprehension over the situation she had found herself in. 

“I’ll show you, us vets owe it to you younger pups coming along,” she said with a smile, releasing her grip on Jenny. “But one word of advice, people around here, just before they go on stage tend not to like being interrupted for anything. They won’t bite your head off, but if you want to go to other contests your going to run into them a few times a year and they can make things feel a little daunting.” 

Jenny wasn’t sure what to say to the stranger, she felt like she was being lectured by her mother. The woman must have been in her early thirties, 35 at the oldest. Her dark tan and supremely chiseled features, right up to the rigid lines of her neck could only have been gotten by slaving away in the gym for years. 

“Thanks for the tip, I didn’t want to disturb anyone, it’s just I didn’t want to miss sign in or anything, and I didn’t know …” Jenny offered almost apologetically to the woman. She looked around the room for somewhere to skulk off to and hide out of everyone’s way. 

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to come off so badly,” smiled the woman. “My name is Paula, I’ve been going to these contests for over 12 years now, so I sort of act like a run the place. Tell you what, my event isn’t for a while yet, how about I show you around and get you settled in. What event are you entering?”

“I’m entering the open ladies contest,” replied Jenny. She had a sudden rush of fear, that most of the people around her were years older than her, and all of a sudden it seemed a little cocky to be entering the biggest of all the competitions. Especially when someone like Paula had been doing this for over 12 years. She had only been serious about the gym for nearly two years.

“The open ladies. That’s the same event as me, you’re a little early,” responded Paula. Paula was about five foot six tall, with a bleach blonde head of shoulder length hair. She wore it roughly tied back, having probably just come back from a jog by the look of her clothes. 

“Well I could say the same about you,” Jenny said cheekily followed up with a devilish grin. That brought a smile to Paula’s face, she could see Jenny’s hidden eagerness to get out there. 

“Well I like to get in early and have a few hours to mingle with people and a bit of self reflection time before I go on stage. You’ll find that you develop a system that you follow as you get more experience. But the big reason I like to get in early is because I don’t like competing in the change rooms for time and space while I get dressed and do my makeup. There can be a fair crowd come in right before the event is set to start. I prefer to get everything done and then rest up before I go out.”

“That sounds pretty smart, I might have to copy you,” Jenny said absorbing everything the older woman was sharing. 

“Tell you what, let’s go get you signed up and then I’ll show you around and give you the odd tip on how to prepare for the competition,” smiled Paula, she reached down and grabbed Jenny’s wrist and led her out of the marshalling area to a very noisy room right next to the main auditorium stage. A huge crowd had already filed in and the early lightweight competitors were strutting their stuff in front of them. Jenny was shocked at the true size of the crowd and her knees felt a little weak.

“It’s not as bad as you think,” Paula said when she saw Jenny’s reaction to the crowd. “You have to look at it this way, they came all the way here to look at your body, so you must be doing something right. You just get out there and have some fun, show them how sexy you are, and a bit of attitude. By the way you sign in just down here.” 

Jenny leaned over and quickly filled out her details, the bored clerk in front of her seemed like he could have cared less. Paula again grabbed Jenny this time by the hand and led her back through the marshalling area and to the rear changing and stretching rooms.

The stretching room was virtually empty, only a couple of people plying themselves on the exercise mats and the basic gym equipment and weights left lying around, in an effort to pump themselves up. Paula led Jenny around the corner and into a long cold cement hallway which had doors every couple of feet. These were all the change rooms and bathrooms for the competitors. Paula led Jenny down the hall to the furthest change room. 

“I’ve already got all my stuff stored down here,” said Paula as they walked in, clearly a few other competitors had also left bags and makeup lying on the counter in front of a massive mirror which nearly stretched the length of the wall. Bright light bulbs around it illuminated the sheer white walls. “Just put your gear down there.” 

Jenny did as told, placing her bag on the bench which ran along the opposite wall. “How do you know that nobody will steal your stuff?” 

“Most people in this circuit know me, they know they wouldn’t want to get on my bad side,” answered Paula. She followed it up with a wink to take the edge of her comment. “Don’t worry, we all get a little bitchy sometimes, but by in large part, most people are civil and rarely does someone go through your bag to sabotage your swimsuit.” 

“Oh, okay, thanks for the tip,” Jenny had a million questions but didn’t want to see prying or rude. Paula unpacked some of her cosmetics from her bag, sweeping aside all the other junk on the counter to make room. Next she pulled out a small purple sequined one piece swimsuit. The rear consisting of nothing more and a string up her backside and a string around her neck, there was no material covering her stomach or much of her chest. Jenny suddenly realized that her tiny bikini wasn’t going to be the only revealing piece out there. 

“So tell me about yourself, what’s your name?” Paula asked. 

Jenny was suddenly embarrassed, she had forgotten in all her nervousness to even introduce herself to this kind woman who helped her. “My name is Jenny, I’m 21, and as you know, this is my first contest, and well I’m really nervous.” To add emphasis to this fact she led out a giggle.

“That’s okay, so where you from? Tell me about yourself.” The two of them seemed to be the only people present in the change rooms, something which seemed to make Paula happier. She continued to unpack her stuff, next was a spray bottle of oil which she would grease herself up with before going on stage. 

“Well I’m from Arizona, so I’m a bit far from home here in California. Ahhh, I have a boyfriend who would have liked to have been here but couldn’t get off work, and well I’d like to surprise myself and hopefully do something I’ve never done before.”

“That sounds interesting,” Paula said with a wry smile on her face. With that she began to pull her workout shirt over her head, thrusting her tight rear and bike pants towards Jenny who sat on the bench three feet away watching. Paula revealed a body which had stood up to years of workouts and competitions. Her tan was so deep that it contrasted sharply with her blonde nearly white hair. Her abdominals were deeply etched into her torso, her obliques gave her a slim yet sturdy side on view. Her super tight black sports bra let only the faintest amount of flesh spill out the top and side. Paula’s rib cage was visible between her deeply tanned breasts, which were much closer to a guys pecs than a woman’s breasts. Jenny marveled at where years at the gym might see her go. 

A single diamond stud pierced her belly button, something Jenny knew sure was catching on now in these sort of events, she had thought of getting her naval pierced but decided against it. She had to admit it made Paula somewhat more alluring, like someone who really contemplated their look, and really wanted to draw attention to all their hard work.

Paula faced the mirror and flexed her arms, first behind her, then over her head, each time she thrust her firm ass towards Jenny. Paula took a cursory glance in the mirror to gauge any reaction from what was now her competitor.

Jenny couldn’t help but admire the older woman’s sharp physique and well toned muscles. Paula turned to face Jenny as she stretched further. “So you’re here all alone. That has to be a little nerve racking. Don’t worry everyone gets butterflies before they get out there, you just have to find a way to cope with it and settle yourself.” 

Paula bent over stretching her hands down to her feet and holding the pose. Jenny could see down Paula’s rigid chest and angular shoulders, her delts were as if they were cut from stone. She broke her gaze so as not to look rude, but found herself drawn to the sight of Paula’s body. “What do you do to calm yourself before going out there?” inquired Jenny.

Paula smiled as she stood upright and then suddenly gripped the sides of her bike pants and slipped them down around her ankles. Jenny was shocked to see she wasn’t wearing any underwear whatsoever. Her hips and mound were smooth and well defined, not a hint of pubic hair to be seen, Jenny averted her eyes quickly.

“Well I don’t know if I should share my secrets with another competitor,” hinted Paula, “preparation in this game is everything, but I suppose I could show you a couple of techniques to relieve tension and nerves, get you nice and loose for the contest.” 

Paula stepped towards Jenny like she was about to sit on her lap but stopped and spun slowly. It gave Jenny an unprecedented view of her firm ass, her cheeks clenched firmly together as if she was posing, her vertebrae dotting their way up her back, her back and shoulders clean cut and broader than they looked before. Before Jenny knew what was happening Paula slid her sports bra over her head and threw it to the ground with her bike pants, she now stood totally naked in front of the younger woman.

Jenny didn’t know what to say, she couldn’t get her eyes off Paula’s back but felt uncomfortable about looking at a stranger’s, and another woman’s, body. “Ummm, I think I should probably start getting changed as well …” Jenny’s voice quivered and she grabbed hold of her bag and stood as if she were about to walk out of the room. 

Paula had been watching Jenny’s reactions in the mirror and turned before she could step out the door. “Here, I’ll move some of my stuff so you can use this half of the counter,” Paula said catching Jenny before she could leave. Jenny felt as if she was caught between a rock and a hard place, but didn’t want to offend the woman who had helped her so much, so she placed her bag on the counter and began to unpack her swimsuit and makeup. 

“Now techniques to relax, well …” Paula said as she faced the mirror, examining her body and continuing some light stretches. “Well, first you can do some stretching and breathing exercises, they help a lot. But I like to get away by myself for a little extra special attention.” 


Jenny didn’t know what “extra special attention” meant, and didn’t know if she wanted to find out. She swallowed to clear her throat and clear her mind. This was a bodybuilding competition after all; everyone was there to display their bodies, so it shouldn’t be unusual for regulars such as Paula to freely display themselves in front of strangers. With that in mind she tried to focus on what she was doing. Next to her Paula was now pulling on her swimsuit. As Paula bent over to straighten herself out, Jenny caught a brief glance through the mirror of her tanned tight chest, Paula’s nipples stood hard on edge, they were dark brown which drew attention from her bronzed body. Jenny shook her head and again tried to focus on her own tasks.

“So you get away from everyone else and chill out, meditate or something?” asked Jenny trying to break her uneasiness. She opened her sweat top and pealed it off over her shoulders. Her sweet young body catching the light and casting a deep shadow across her taught stomach. She wore a tight low cut red sports bra which showed ample cleavage. It was a number which often elicited a few looks at the gym from guys working out. Jenny’s chest was still very lady like, but under her breasts were well defined strong pectoral muscles which had taken a lot of work to develop.

“Yeah I like to find a private space away from view and do some, how do you say, personal exercises, to get me in the right state of mind,” beamed Paula. Jenny bent over to pull her sweat pants off; it was Paula’s turn to admire her new friend’s young body. Jenny had a tight rear, and was super cut, all her major muscle groups were well defined, and she still sported a very feminine chest and hips. But it was her cut abs which drew a hint of envy, and interest, from the older woman.

Jenny stood back up and revealed a tight red g-string to match her sports bra; her young body had an aura to it, which brought a sense of energy to the room. Jenny looked at her form in the mirror from a few different angles. Paula had just finished straightening out her swimsuit, it was very revealing, covering the bare essentials. “Can I say, you have a magnificent body Jenny, you must have really put some effort into it,” offered Paula.

“Thanks, I could say the same about you, I hope I look as good as that in a few years time …” Jenny stumbled. “I’m sorry I didn’t want to say that you were …”

Paula cut her off, “that’s alright, I didn’t take it as an insult, it’s nice to think someone as young as you could find a woman like me attractive.” 

Jenny didn’t know if that was exactly what she meant, but didn’t want to make a big deal about it. “So these personal exercises, do you want to share any of them with me?”

“Ummm, I think I do, but let’s get ourselves sorted out first and then I might just show you a couple,” Paula said with a devilish smile. Her face probably added a couple of years to her real age, the beating effects of sun and solariums did that to the human face. But still her features were impeccable and her skin terrific.

Jenny unfastened her sports bra and cupping her breasts threw her bra down, trying to retain some modesty. She quickly pulled her tiny red bikini top over her breasts, tying it before adjusting it to cover her nipples. She found that they were at a low state of arousal, she didn’t know if it was the cool air or the close proximity of Paula which was doing but hoped they wouldn’t press through her top too obviously.

Paula caught a glimpse of what Jenny was doing, her firm round young breasts an alluring sight. Paula could feel her swimmers begin to bunch up around her ass. She licked her lips; the thought of showing her “personal exercises” to such a hot young woman brought a sense of arousal to her nether regions. She clenched her legs tight to quell her thoughts and get back to applying her eye liner. 

Jenny stripped her g-string off, again trying to retain some modesty and not flash her privates to Paula. The bikini bottoms she had consisted of nothing more than a couple of strings tied at the side and a tiny patch of material which just covered her pussy. Paula felt a rush again to her nether region, at the sight off the tiny bikini, it left just enough to the imagination. 

Paula began to do some of her more basic poses in the mirror, tightening her abs and chest and then flexing her biceps. She sung a quiet song to herself as she did so. Jenny just smiled as she began to apply her lip liner and get her makeup in order. The older woman’s poses were much what Jenny intended to do, but it was good to see a veterans form as she went through them.

“Ahhh, look at that!” Paula said with some false disgust, she was glaring down at her pubic area, pulling her swimsuit aside a little. “I think I missed some hair when I shaved this morning.” 

Paula looked up to see if Jenny had heard her and was interested in what she said. Jenny had stopped applying her lipstick to turn and look at the imaginary hair that Paula was pointing to between her legs. Her white false nails made for a strong contrast from her bronzed skin and drew Jenny’s attention immediately.
