 My friend Katie and I booked a long weekend to go to a yoga retreat early last year. We're former co-workers and social friends but we'd never really done much outside of work together. But one Saturday with a group of people we'd met for drinks she mentioned that she was looking to get away to a yoga retreat; I'd been thinking about it, too. The thought of spending a few days doing nothing but yoga sounded amazing, and I was happy to go with a friend rather than by myself.

The spa was in Utah and we flew there early on a Thursday afternoon, ready for our first classes on Friday morning. The rooms were nice with little kitchenettes and huge baskets of fruit that were waiting for us when we'd arrived. And though we hadn't planned it, we ended up getting rooms right next door to each other.

We settled in that first night and ate at the cafeteria, talking about what we were most looking forward to.

"I'm excited for my run tomorrow," said Katie, as she sipped her water and dug into her dinner. "The idea of someone leading me and challenging me on a long run through hills sounds intense."

"The run is all yours," I said, smiling. "I've signed up for two different yoga classes tomorrow and then I'll be by the pool. This is part vacation, right?"

"It is for sure," she responded, "and you'll find me at the pool next to you after the run."

We finished our dinners, signed for the bill and walked back towards our rooms. It was early but we decided to turn in and be rested for tomorrow.

I went into my room, turned on the TV and opened the door to the closet. I was relaxed, had so far liked being here, and was excited to spend some time on myself. Being with someone like Katie was a nice treat, too, and I hoped the time together could solidify our friendship. She's well read and intelligent and fun to talk to so I was glad we'd decided to take this trip together. 

I changed out of my clothes, removing everything except my panties and fell into the bed. I stretched and moved across the smooth sheets, as the warm air in the room passed through me. I was finally starting to relax, with no obligation to deal with or anyone else to worry about. It was exactly what I'd wanted this weekend.

Quickly realizing that I was alone in my room (something that doesn't happen often for me!) my thoughts drifted to one of the many fantasies that filled my head, as my right hand casually passed over my chest and my fingers lightly pulled across my right nipple, pinching it and making it longer as I tensed up my midsection. 

Just so you know, I have three main fantasies: Being with two men at once; having sex in a public place; and having sex with a woman—and not necessarily in that order!

Being at a resort that was mostly full of women, I naturally started thinking about the sex-with-a-girl-fantasy. I slowly began to pinch my nipple between my fingers, as it stiffened. I think I have the most sensitive nipples in the world and my bits started to get wet almost immediately. I ran my other hand to my other boob and then deliberately moved my fingers across my chest, squeezing and pulling at both nipples, wetting my fingers with my mouth as I continued to play with my own chest. 

I closed my eyes and reached down under my panties, rubbing my middle finger lightly across the top of my pussy while the fantasy began to play out in my head. 

I keep my pussy smooth, with a regular Brazilian wax and a thin landing strip up top. It makes sex more slippery and soft and also makes me feel more clean and fresh. 

The scene was starting to bloom in my head and I was getting more and more wet as my fingers began to push against my labia and as my clit started to grow and throb.

My fantasy girl lay on her back and I leaned over her, as she leaned her face forward and kissed me on the mouth. I pulled at her nipples with my thumbs and index fingers and we kissed harder, with her pushing and grinding her naked pussy hard against my thigh. 

My fingers picked up speed under my panties and my legs spread further as my breathing grew deeper, while the fingers on my other hand aggressively pulled at my nipples. 

She went to put her own two fingers inside of me and they slid in easily, as her free hand slid across my stomach and up to my boobs.

I became wetter as the scene in my head continued to play and I took my hand from myself and reached with both hands to pull my panties off in one quick motion. 

With my panties off, I spread my legs wide open and my knees bowed as the balls of my feet touched and I rhythmically and quickly rubbed my clit with my index and middle fingers, while my head continued to play the scene of me sliding down her chest to her stomach, with the goal of going down on her. 

I started to come as my mouth pressed against her trimmed pussy, squealing quietly as I pictured it in my mouth, as I exhaled and released the tension that had built up inside of me. It lasted longer than usual as I melted into the bed, falling asleep quickly with thoughts of a full day tomorrow.

When I woke up I made my way to the bathroom, washed my face, put on my yoga pants, and headed out the door. Katie was already out on her run and I sipped tea and ate fruit at the cafeteria as I waited for my class to start. It was a beautiful day and I was excited to get it all going.

When the class had finished I realized that it had been everything I'd wanted: Challenging with good energy and a variety of personalities making it fun. I was practically bouncing as I walked back to the room for a shower and to read for a while until lunch. My second class was still two hours away and it was great to have nothing to do. Katie was still out running but I knew we'd meet up at the pool later.

My second class was better than the first and I walked back to the room feeling really good. I changed into my bikini, grabbed my book, and headed for the pool. As I walked past Katie's room, I saw that her door was cracked open and that the light was on. I poked my head in and saw that she'd just returned from the run, standing in the kitchen and drinking water in her sports bra and shorts.

"Hey, how was it?" I asked.

"So good" she said, with thick breathing as she leaned forward and stretched out her legs. "But I am going to be sooooo sore tomorrow!"

"I can only imagine...I don't know how you just ran eight miles!"

"Ah, it wasn't so bad. How was Yoga?"

"Really good," I said. "I already love this place!"

"Me, too. Are we ready for the pool?"

"Was on my way there now," I said.

"I need to shower—I'm gross," she said. "Do you want to wait or meet me there?"

"I'm in no hurry; I'll wait for you."

I moved to one of the armchairs and reached for my book. While I sat there, I couldn't help but noticing what great shape that Katie was in. I mean, I knew she was relatively fit but had never had this view or seen her body this exposed. Her legs were toned and lean and her stomach was flat, with a tight butt that was petite and obviously firm. As she continued to gather her things for the shower, I realized I was leaning my body towards the bathroom door and hall, curious about seeing her change out of her clothes.

My head immediately went back to my fantasy from the night before and my heart jumped. As much as I hated to admit it to myself, I realized that I was hoping that I was going to get to see Katie naked! I'd been turned on since we arrived, for no particular reason, and I suddenly found myself intrigued by seeing my friend out of her clothes. 

She took off her shoes and socks and went into the bathroom, closing the door behind her as I heard the water turn on. Not this time.

We eventually made our way to the pool and found a good spot right in the sun. The warmth felt great and we both ordered drinks to continue relaxing.

Katie looked amazing in her bikini and I have to admit that I would have killed to have her body. Don't get me wrong, I'm not overweight, I'm just not as petite and toned as Katie is. I was absolutely looking at her body and found myself trying not to get turned on by it or stare at it—and I didn't do either very well. Thank God for sunglasses!

"Yea...going to be really sore in the morning," she said lazily, rubbing her right thigh with her fingers as we both continued to soak in the sun.

"I thought you run all the time," I said. "How far do you usually go?"

"It wasn't the distance," she said, "it was the hills—both up and down—that made it so hard."

"How far did you go again?"

"It was only eight miles but our guide said that if you factor in all the hills, it was more like 13. My legs may literally fall off!"

"Ha!" I laughed. "You should get a massage while we're here."

"Oooh, I didn't think of that...that's a great idea," she said. "I'm going to finish this drink and go try and book one. Are you up for one?"

"No, I'm good with Yoga and the pool...plus I didn't run like you and Yoga doesn't make you that sore!"

Indeed, Katie got up a few minutes later and headed to the spa to schedule a massage. She returned straight away and took off her long shirt, sitting back in her pool chair.

"All set?" I asked.

"Sort of," she said, somewhat dejectedly.

"Why...what do you mean?"

"Well, the spa appointments were all full for the next two days but they have masseuses on contract that come to your room and do it there so I signed up for that."

"Well that's fine...it's still a massage."

"I know," she said. "I just like being in the spa—it's so much more relaxing than a hotel room."

"I bet it will be great. When's it for?"

"Tomorrow at 2, which is actually good since I have a short run at 10."

We sat by the pool for a couple of hours and alternated between swimming and reading and drinking, in no particular order. With dinner just an hour away, we decided to go back to our rooms, shower, and start planning for tomorrow.

She knocked on my door just before six and we headed to the cafeteria, relaxed as the warm Utah air filled the grounds. We sat for dinner and ordered wine and salads, as we talked about nothing in particular.

"OK," I said, "Tell me something about you that I don't know."

"Um, let's see...how about the fact that I literally hate horror movies?"

"Really?" I said, somewhat surprised. "I love them...they get my blood going!"

"Ugh, they are not for me. I get terrified! What about you? Tell me something I don't know?"

"Well," I said as I thought. "I was a nerd in high school, straight As as a student, manager of the women's basketball team...I did it all. Huge dork stereotypes!"

"God, me too," she said. "My husband makes fun of me. I did play basketball though—didn't quite play manager."

"I know, it's bad," I said, laughing. "I thought I wanted to work in sports—in fact I was a Sports Medicine major my two years in college until I switched to Business—though I did get a minor in it."

"Really?" she said surprised. "That's fascinating—I wouldn't have guessed that! Why did you switch?"

"I got into it because I didn't know what I really wanted to do but quickly realized it wasn't very mentally challenging. I still like sports...just decided working with athletes wasn't for me."

"I get it," she said. "I was a BioChem major for a while until I decided it wasn't for me, either."

"Are you serious! Well at least we figured it out early!"

"True story," she said.

We finished eating and went back to the rooms, as Katie invited me into hers for another glass of wine and some TV. 

"Do you mind if I organize my clothes for tomorrow?" she asked, moving towards her closet.

"Not at all...I'm just going to sit here and continue melting into this chair if you don't mind.

"Works for me," she said.

Katie moved over to her bag and began pulling out shorts and sports bras and socks, stacking them on the dresser as she prepared for her run tomorrow. She was dressed casually in a yellow linen shirt and shorts with flip-flops. She looked comfortable and she looked good.

As she continued laying things out, I couldn't help looking at her and thinking how attractive she was. Wine at dinner or not, I knew that it was wrong for me to be feeling like this about another woman but I was miserably horny. I was looking at her ass as she bent over and quickly realized that when I got back to my room tonight, my girl-on-girl fantasy was going to have a face!

Wait...What was I thinking? I had always considered myself very straight. A big dick is all I've ever needed, I thought. But, there was something about this girl on this weekend that stirred this thing inside of me that had always just been a fantasy. I still thought that it would stay a fantasy but there was something erotic about being in the moment and imagining that it could happen here with her.

I woke up the next morning and gently knocked on her door as I moved towards breakfast. She answered dressed and ready for her run and we walked out together. Breakfast was good and we came back to the room briefly so that Katie could get her IPod and I could get my water bottle.

When we opened the door to her room, there was a folded table and some sheets waiting just past the door.

"What's all that for," I asked.

"My massage!" she said excitedly. "I literally cannot wait...you have no idea."

"Oh...I forgot about that. Have a great run...what time are you back?"

"Around 11:30, I think."

"To the pool at noon?" I asked.

"See you there..." she replied.

My morning class was long and good and I could feel my endorphins flying through me as I walked back to the room. I showered and put my bikini back on as I grabbed my book and sunglasses and headed back out.

Katie walked up about 20 minutes after I'd sat down and rolled her things into the chair next to me.

"Well, how was it?" I asked. 

"Really good again—these instructors are tough, though. Oh, and get this, my masseuse cancelled on me! I'm so bummed."

"What? What do you mean?" I asked, surprised. "How did that happen?"

"I guess she's sick and they don't have anyone else available...ugh, I was so looking forward to it. I'm sad!"

"That really sucks...I'm sorry."

"Not much I can do and, like I said, the run was great. Next time I know to sign up for that stuff when we book the trip."

Katie pulled off her top and turned over on the chair, lying on her stomach. I could tell she was disappointed and I felt bad. And then I realized that she didn't need to be.

"So what would you say if I told you that your massage was still on for 2," I asked her.

"I'd say great but what do you mean?" she said inquisitively, lifting up her neck and turning towards me.

"Well," I started. "Remember how I told you I was a Sports Medicine major? One of the classes was Physical Therapy and it included course work in massage. I used to loosen up legs of the basketball players. I was pretty good at it, too."

"Wow, that's really nice. But do you really know how to do it or are you just offering it to make me feel better?"

"Well, I am trying to make you feel better because I know how much you were looking forward to it but I absolutely do know what I'm doing, so, just say yes."

"My legs are so sore right now that even if you didn't know what you were doing I'd take you up on it and it's really thoughtful, thank you—let's do it."

"Then your 2 o'clock appointment stands," I said confidently, as Katie smiled a satisfied smile at me and put her head back on the chair.

It had been a while since I'd performed a real massage but I knew I could do it. I'd hoped that there was some oil waiting in the room with the table to make things easier and thought that I could use the radio to play some relaxing music.

The other part of me, the deliciously horny part of me, felt my sip of water go down the wrong tube as I coughed when I realized that I'd be putting my hands on Katie's body. Katie! The girl that I'd fantasized about going down on last night while I masturbated! Katie, the girl with the perfect body, the tiny butt and the toned legs that I'd been admiring for the past 36 hours!

I tried to push the perversion from my mind but I couldn't stop thinking about it. I even admitted to myself that I was hoping that she'd be naked and that I could finally see the parts on her that I'd been fantasizing about.

I felt like I was looking at my phone clock every 30 seconds as 2 o'clock finally started to come in to view.

At about five minutes before, I turned my head to her.

"You ready to go back and get to it," I asked, somewhat nervously.

"I am," she said smiling. "Should I call you doctor or is there a special masseuse name?"

"Haha," I responded as we both started gathering our things. 

We arrived back at the room and she let us both inside, as we dropped our things and Katie clicked on the light. I looked around the room for the best spot for the table and decided that the space on the other side of the bed was wide enough.

"I'm going to set the table up and get everything ready," I said to her.

"Can I help?" she asked genuinely.

"No, you're the client, just relax and I'll let you know when I'm ready.

"Fine. But is it OK if I take a shower and rinse off?" she asked. "I feel sweaty from the sun and chlorine-ey from the pool water."

"Sure," I said. "I still need a few minutes anyway."

"K," she said, as she walked towards the bathroom. "Um," she hesitated as she turned towards me. "What should I wear?"

"Well, what do you usually wear for a massage?" I asked.

"Nothing, normally," she said almost as a question.

"Then you should wear nothing," I smiled. "You're going to get a real massage."

She went into the bathroom and I heard the water turn on. I could feel my heartbeat growing under my chest. This was so exciting in such a naughty kind of way. And it was so unlike me but I'd come this far and was willing to feed this perversion of seeing her naked! I was excited at the thought of touching her skin and even more at the thought of getting myself off thinking about it in my room tonight!

The table was set up and I put the bottom sheet on, tucking the top sheet underneath and then adjusting the height. I looked in the pile of things for oil but there was nothing there but one extra sheet and three extra towels.

I looked around the room to see what I could use but there was really nothing visible. Just then Katie came out of the bathroom wearing her robe.

"Do you have any lotion," I asked. "I was hoping that they'd left some oil but there isn't anything here."

"I do, actually," she said, as she turned to go back into the bathroom, returning seconds later with a container of white skin lotion. "Will this work?" she asked as she handed it to me.

"Yes, perfect," I said. "It will make things softer. You ready?"

"I am...do I just nude up in front of you?"

I laughed a little at her question, pulling back the top sheet in front of my face as I said, "Nude away and get on your stomach between the two sheets."

I heard her lay down and sigh, as I brought the sheet up to her shoulders. It hugged her body and I could see the outline of her underneath, along with some water drops on the sheet from her shower.

I went to put some of the lotion on my hands and realized that my long sleeve pool shirt was going to get in the way.

"Are you OK if I take my shirt off?" I asked. "It's flow-ey and loose and is going to get in my way."

"Sure...why would I care if you took it off?"

"I didn't think you would but I'm in my bikini so I thought I should ask," I said with a laugh.

"Well, I'm completely naked...so, a bikini doesn't feel like a big deal," she laughed back to me.

I folded my shirt and set it on the chair and went back to the lotion, pulling more out and onto my hands as I slowly rubbed them together. 

"So what areas do you want me to hit?" I asked her, as her face was looking through the hole in the chair and at the carpet.
