  I would like to thank all the editors who helped with me this and inspired me to write this piece.

*

Kate 

It is really easy to be the boss when you have a great team behind you, I have always known this and it's something I have always strived for. Having taken on the senior management role 2 years ago, I finally feel happy with my team of 12, and with a high flying graduate scheduled to start next week I am pretty smug that things are only going to get easier.

It has not been easy getting to this stage; I have had to work to build on the average team I inherited. I added some big players early on; George, an economic expert; Charlotte, a financial wiz, and Lucy, who seamlessly keeps everything running smoothly.

Yet none of these compared to Jessica James. I met Jess at a conference almost a year ago where she had presented on an acquisition she had landed for her firm back in Manchester. She was tall and athletic, with short brown hair that was slightly longer on top and swept over her forehead, gel holding it in a slightly messy look. She was wearing a well-tailored grey suit with a tight navy t-shirt underneath. At first it was her androgynous appearance that seemed intriguing, but it was the way she spoke that held my attention. She spoke about the acquisition in a manner that would suggest it was a run-of-the-mill achievement; she was self-assured and confident yet not overly arrogant, a rare combination in the finance world.

I had been interested enough to go home and google the 28-year-old; a news article had quickly revealed it wasn't just any acquisition. It had been worth almost £5 million and had sent the companies' shares skyrocketing; confirming my thoughts that I needed her in my team.

It was disturbingly easy to get Jess to Bristol and to join CQ investments; I had expected a much harder contract negotiation and almost wondered if I had offered too much money. However, I stopped worrying when I saw the impact Jess had in her first few weeks. She was bold in her investments; using sound judgement and strong intuition, she helped the company's bottom line significantly.

--

I did eventually learn why it had been so easy to get Jess to Bristol. We had been in London for a business meeting and Jess, following a few glasses of wine, had let her guard slip. She explained that the day my LinkedIn offer had arrived she had originally dismissed it. Until she had gone out for dinner with girlfriend, Natalie. Natalie had given up on dropping hints and chose that moment to bluntly asked Jess when she was going to get her an engagement ring. This in turn caused an impulsive knee-jerk reaction in Jess, who had blurted out her new job opportunity, insisting timing wasn't right to get married and this was too good to turn down.

I can't remember the conversation as well as I would have hoped due to the Malbec working its way into my blood stream, but I remember laughing at the ridiculousness of it all and asking why she didn't want to get married. Jess had shrugged, 'I do one day. It just seems quick, no? Don't they say getting married before 30 is like leaving a party at 9?'

I had laughed and honestly replied, 'Isn't that something people who want to sleep around say?'

'Ughhh, maybe,' Jess had paused in thought. 'I know I am stupid. Natalie is good for me. She has it all planned out: a house in the suburbs and a sausage dog named Bert. We will work in the week, Saturday will be date night, and Sunday will be spent with her parents. Two holidays a year, one to catch some sun and the other skiing or a city break.' Jess gestured with her wine glass as the liquid threatened spilling over the rim. 'It will look great on her Instagram,' Jess had added, her tone had slipped from reluctant to mocking.

I remembered laughing and commenting that it didn't sound a bad life to me, but let the topic drop, not wanting to be too judgmental.

A few weeks later, we were grabbing a morning coffee and Jess confessed that she had cheated on Natalie. Over the coming weeks these 'slip-ups' became more frequent and less guilt-ridden. While Jess remained adamant she didn't want to end things with Natalie, it was no surprise that the relationship was getting rockier and rockier. I can't say I understand what goes through Jess' head, but it's obvious she likes to do what she was told she can't or shouldn't. This attribute was helping the business but perhaps wasn't the most beneficial to Jess' personal life.

I tried my best to neither berate nor congratulate Jess whenever she mentioned her latest speed bump in her relationship with Natalie. I met my husband at 17 and my love life never saw the same scandals that Jess' has.

Something about that trip to the pub had let me see a side to Jess that she didn't display often. I grew to feel protective over her, more like an older sister than a boss. While I can't say I ever approved of Jess' antics, her general charm and dry sense of humour usually made me look favourably on her character flaws. There was no denying that she made the working week more fun.

April 

Jess

My god, am I glad it's Friday. I sit back in my seat as I try stay awake in the weekly round-up meeting; listening to George waffle on about risk registers. I pull my phone out of my pocket for the fourth time in the past 15 minutes. There are two notifications. The first is from Natalie talking about her weekend plans. The second's from tinder and gives me a significantly bigger buzz. For a split second, I contemplate telling Natalie that I plan on spending my weekend fucking a blonde girl. It would definitely end things, although it's probably not the best way to do it. She deserved better than that, although apparently not faithfulness. I hate myself a little.

People start to get up, the meeting is over. 'Do you always have to check your phone in the middle of a meeting?' Kate says jokingly, but I know this is on ongoing underlying bone of contention.

'Sorry boss... Did I miss anything important?'

'Not the point,' Kate rolls her eyes.

I decide to change the topic 'Want to see what I am doing this weekend?' I ask, bringing up the girl's tinder profile on my phone and holding it up for Kate to see. A petite blonde with her head tilted to the side innocently, even straight-as-a-ruler Kate can see she's attractive.

'Jessica, I do not approve,' Kate frowns as she sighs. However, she is nosey enough to take the phone from me and have a read of the blondes' bio ~Buy me a drink and we will go from there...~ 'Wouldn't you rather see your girlfriend?' she asks.

'She is seeing Uni friends this weekend and she says she doesn't want me there, so I have made other plans.'

Kate doesn't push the issue too much, but sighs again as she looks at me. I can tell she wants to rant at my behaviour but I'm grateful that she opts for a light-hearted comment instead. 'Well, have fun breaking hearts. You're off on Monday, right?'

I take my phone back and slide it into my pocket as I smile, 'Yeah, so if you could try and keep the company running without me that would be fab'.

'It ran smoothly long before you.....' Kate starts but it's too late, I miss the end of her sentence as I pop in my headphones. I give her a friendly wave and make a swift exit out of the office.

Harri

I sit at my new desk, familiarising myself with my job for the next six months. This is my 5th posting on the graduate scheme, I am very much over the 'new posting' hype. New boss, new colleagues, new lunch spots. Week one was always the worst, all the 'introductory meetings' to sit through and look enthusiastic for. This is your last rotation and you finish the scheme, the last time you are doing this. 6 months, 26 weeks, you can do this. I yawn a little as I read through the CQ welcome pack.

The division head, I think her name is Kate although I have shaken so many hands today I might have be wrong, stops by my desk, casting a shadow and causing me to look up. 'Hi Harriet, I am going to grab a coffee then we can chat, do you want one?'

I shake my head 'No thanks, I am good, I have got this.' I gesture to the diet coke can on my desk.

'Ok, I will meet you in a booth in five then and we talk through things.'

Something about Kate has me just a little bit scared. She is nice enough, don't get me a wrong, but you don't get as high as she is by luck. I stand up, smoothing down my skirt and grabbing a notepad and pen before making my way to the spare meeting booth. I run my fingers through my long brown hair, pulling it forward over my shoulders as I wait, nervous.

The chat goes smoothly enough; Kate explains that while George is my manager the majority of my analysis is to support the sectors that Jess oversees. I am to analyse the data and look for where we can make progress.

'Sound good?' Kate starts to end the conversation.

'Yeah, shouldn't be a problem. Jess is in tomorrow?'

'Yes, it would have been helpful if she'd been here today, but one day won't matter. She really has a knack for financials; I think you will learn a lot from her Harriet, even in 6 months.' Kate smiles.

I try to smile back through my dislike of being called Harriet and nod. 'Sounds good. I will try to make the most of it.'

'Fab, it's great to have you on board,' she basically dismisses me.

Kate

I left the office thinking about Harriet. She seems bright and intelligent; I am happy with her addition to my team. It also isn't lost on me that she is very attractive and I am excited to see what Jess thinks tomorrow. It is awfully cliché, but I always find it more exciting hearing about Jess' take on things than any of the men in the office. Perhaps this a sign that I have lacked any friends in the LGBTQ+ world for far too long. I decide to drop a text to Jess, but not wanting to give the game away, I keep it professional.

Kate: Your new data analyst seems very competent. Now you can do all the work you keep telling me you don't have time for?

Jess: No promises! Maybe she can do it for me?

Kate: No dice! If she can do it all, we are definitely overpaying you.

Jess: You pay extra for my charm?

Kate: Looking forward to seeing this charm at 8 am tomorrow for the board meeting.

Jess: Ugh!!

Jess

The meeting runs over and it's almost 10.30 before people start to file out of the board room. I head back to my desk, my to-do list already too long for the day. Putting down my papers I hear a laugh that makes me look up. Who... I see her then, her long brown hair cascades down her back. As she laughs she tilts her head back so uninhibited, exposing her neck ever so slightly. Fuck, I want to kiss that neck. She is tall-ish, not my 5ft11, but possibly 5ft8. I can see just the right amount of curve to her body, her waist slim and her bum pert. Her body hugged perfectly by her tailored dress which ends just above her knee, there her smooth, toned calves continue to reel me in. I can feel myself lose my train of thought as I mentally run my hands over her seamless curves.

'Jess?' I turn, pulling my eyes away from the distraction in the kitchen. Kate has followed me out the meeting and is clearly questioning what has caused my sudden halt.

'Yeah?' Fuck, my voice sounds weird. I clear my throat a little as Kate raises an eyebrow.

She follows my line of sight and laughs a little. 'That's your analyst...'

'Oh, cool,' I shrug, recovering, pulling my eyes away.

Kate moves past me to her desk, playfully whispering as she does 'You are drooling.'

'I am not!' I snap back a little, but my hand goes to my mouth as if to check and Kate laughs louder at gaining the reaction she had been aiming for.

I sit down, putting in my headphones, not wanting to be disturbed as I think about the primal instinct that just hit me with all the force of a ten tonne truck. Why had my reaction to the brunette been so strong, so gravitational? I hadn't even seen her from the front, just a side glance as she laughed. I sigh, shaking the feeling, I know when I meet her properly she will have something that will ruin it, a weird smile or an annoying voice. I had had a lot of sex this weekend; I was clearly still in that mind-set, time to snap out of it. I was not about to start shitting where I eat, if you excuse the crude expression.

Harri

25 weeks and 4 days to go. I know I shouldn't be so pessimistic about it, but I am in day two and so far nothing is grabbing me about this posting. I'm just going to have to endure it. I go to make myself a coffee, stopping to talk to Charlotte in the break room. She asks if I can tell she is hungover. I can because she has a slight smell of Captain Morgan about her, but I laugh and politely lie. I think we will be friends.

Picking up my coffee I head back to my desk. The office is far busier now; the meeting must have kicked out. Sure enough, there are more papers and mugs littering most of the desks.

My eyes are drawn to her. Leaning back in her chair, she has her headphones in. One hand on her mouse, the other resting on the desk, tapping her fingers slightly. I take a deep breath. Her tailored suit frames her broad shoulders perfectly. I notice her strong jawline and my mouth goes a little dry. Her hair is longer on the top, tied at the back with the underside shaved short; it's a very strong look. Her eyes are fixed on her computer screen as I stare from a few desks down. She is in her own little world, totally unaware of the shockwave she has just sent through mine.

I sit back in my chair and I am instantly grateful for the computer screen blocking my blushing face. I let out a deep breath I didn't realise I had been holding. What was that about? Now all I can see is her hand as it taps her desk, it seems so strong and assured. It is so simple yet enough to captivate me.

The next hour flies by. I sit there questioning everything I just felt. She has to be gay, right? Like, you don't look like that and are not gay? But wait, I am not gay, so what does it even matter?

I had once wondered about my sexuality before and kissed a girl or two in Uni, but I had concluded I was straight. I had rationalised that if I was gay or bi or whatever, my type was feminine, blonde with legs for days. Not a suit wearing, chiselled-out-of-stone goddess. But why then... had that moment filled me with such lust? Head fuck.

I had started to get my mind back on work and was replying to an email when she stood up and stretched. She was tall, her T-shirt stretched tight over what looked like solid abs. Her trousers were so low on her hips I could imagine the sculpted line that would run from either hip down to her... the thought made me blush all over again. I looked up and she was looking at me with deep brown eyes, seeing straight through me. The amused smile playing in her lips softened her jaw a little.

Jess

I stand to stretch, still feeling the effects of my Sunday gym session. The brunette from the kitchen is sat a few desks down. She looks up and smiles slightly, a blush filling her cheeks. No funny smile, nothing funny at all in fact. She is pure temptation, her blue eyes looking up like a deer caught in the headlights.

There is a moment where neither of us speaks as I let my arms fall to my side slowly. Say something. 'I don't think we have met. I'm Jess,' I half wave awkwardly.

Wait, did she just gulp? She opens her mouth to speak, and my eyes trace her lower lip...

'Harri,' she says.

I nod. 'We should probably talk at some point,' I try to say causally but quickly add, 'About work.' I cringe; of course it was about work what else would it be about?

She smiles, 'Sure, sounds good.'

'Sounds good,' I echo, wondering if I am looking at her too much. I busy myself picking up some papers and leave to go to my next meeting. Smooth Jess.

I know fancying the new girl is not a good move and with this in mind during the next meeting, I resolve to make a conscious effort not to get to know her, or at least not forge a friendship. I didn't want friendship after all.

Later that night...

I lay back on my sofa; I have just finished yet another argument with Nat about my lack of visits to Manchester.

I can't get Harriet out of my head. I take my phone out and search for her. Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, everything is private - infuriating. I even scrape low enough to check her LlinkedIn. Nothing listed, only the University she attended. I am about to put my phone down when I stumble across an Instagram page for her netball team, and it's public. A little buzz runs through me. Jesus Jess, you fucking stalker. I can feel my heartbeat getting faster as I get a little glimpse into her life.

Flicking through, I look for any photos with Harriet in, finding one of her. She has her hands on her hips as she looks exhausted in gym kit. I read the caption 'our captain smashing the bleep test this AM.' I continue to scroll, there is a comment: 'That's my Harri'. I click on it, some guy named Jack, a pang of jealousy hits me. His Harri?.

I scroll some more down his page. Deeper and deeper into stalker territory. He Instagram's Harri a lot: there is one of her dancing in the kitchen as she cooks, one of her laughing at the zoo, one of her asleep and more and more insights into her life. I didn't know whether to be Jacks biggest fan for indulging me or to hate him for his clear closeness to Harriet, or "Harri" as she apparently goes by outside of work.

Fuckkkk, get over this! You are behaving like a school girl.

I make a point of turning off my phone and go for a run. Though, it doesn't stop me from checking again later. Or in fact, at regular intervals over the next few weeks. I can tell you the score of every netball game Harri plays in, and how she spent her weekends, if indeed it was with Jack, who I have determined isn't a boyfriend but very much wants to be. I also decided I didn't like him.

May

Harri 

My conversation skills around Jess don't get any better. I seem to just forget how to construct sentences when she is looking at me. It doesn't help that she appears to never want to talk to me, either. She largely emails me work, direct and distant instructions signed off with a single J. She is almost always sporting headphones and she never joins in the general chat, no matter what the topic was. Nothing seems to draw her in, nothing from idle gossip about Love Island to heated debates about Brexit.

There is one notable exception, though. She is quite the conversationalist around Kate. The two always appear to have a private joke going on; it really get's under my skin.

Over the next few weeks, I became more and more aware of how much I want Jess to notice me. I check her work calendar as much as my own, it saves the disappointment of coming in to find out she isn't working that day, or else was off out to meetings.

It was one of these searches that totally ruins my Wednesday. Jess hasn't turned up yet, I had quickly learnt that she wasn't a morning person, but this is late even by her standards. I am flicking through her calendar when I spot the multiple entries relating to someone called Natalie. 'Nat's place', 'Natalie in Bristol', 'Nat's parents' house' and the final blow 'Paris with Nat'. I am so annoyed no one has thought to tell me about whoever this Nat is. Why would they tell you? It would be a weird thing to announce, no? None the less, it ruins my week. I had sort of assumed she was single. Of course she wasn't single, look at her. I very much realise I am jealous of 'Nat' and it is not a nice feeling.

Jess 

I was impressed at how seamlessly she fitted into the office. You'd have thought she had been there years the way she bonded with colleagues, seeming to know just the topic of conversation to get almost anyone talking. I so frequently find myself muting my music to listen to her on the sly.
