 WEDNESDAY 3:00 PM:

For over a year, Mistress' trusted K-street lobbist had worked to close a lucrative government contract for her, and the deal had finally been closed. Grant had been to her home many times during the negotiations, and never had she hid her lifestyle from him. He met all eight of her Petgirls at one time or another, usually as nude waitresses serving him drinks or refreshments. He had heard the moans from other rooms as they enjoyed one another's attentions. He had seen the way they anticipated Mistresses' every need and desire. So in his contract was a stipulation that upon successful conclusion of business Mistress would loan him the Petgirl of his choice to accompany him on a well-earned vacation to Europe with his friends. Mistress knew that the middle-aged man fantasized about all eight of her Petgirls but the sultry redheaded 30-year-old Nyomi and the 20-year-old blonde Jillian caught his attention most of all - each well-tanned woman sporting voluptuous hips and tiny flat waists below gigantic chests with fat pierced nipples. Nyomi was already booked to a prior engagement during the weekend in question, travelling to Bimbofication Labs on Mistress' orders for another genetically engineered breast expansion and some work on her lips. And so it was agreed that sweet Jillian would be Grant's fuckdoll, waiting for his limo outside Mistress' front door on Friday at 6:00 PM sharp for the trip to the airport. This was a win-win for both Grant and for Mistress. 

____

Originally one of Dr. Bantham's graduate students, Jillian joined the harem about a year ago, yet another woman falling under the spell of Dr. Bantham's powerful charisma. Soon the relationship went much deeper. Now, like all the other Petgirls, she no longer addressed Dr. Bantham as such, but only as Mistress. Per standard procedure, Mistress had sent Jillian to Bimbofication Labs for several months of 'fine tuning' to body and to mind. Genetic engineering allowed changes in the new Petgirl to meet Mistress' demanding specifications. Jillian's chest was gradually ballooned beyond 44D, areolas made big and very dark. Nipples big, rubbery, always hard, and pierced for whatever jewelry Mistress wanted to display in them. Her hips were flared to voluptuous proportions, her pussy rendered permanently bald and juicy. The labia and clitoris were grown as well, then the labia pierced. Her already submissive nature was enhanced to a desperate need to please Mistress, and her sexual drive enhanced to the point of wanton sluttiness. 

Her sweet face was already beautiful but was changed subtly until she held much more than a passing resemblance to Jennifer Lawrence. Indeed, some of the other Petgirls began fondly calling her 'JenniSlut' and Mistress gave her a diamond-encrusted collar that said exactly that. (She spent the next several nights with every Petgirl, thanking each one personally and very thoroughly for the new nickname. Later Ginger and Nyomi took her to a tattoo parlor and had 'JenniSlut' emblazoned permanently on her pussy mound. The incredible tits, the jeweled collar around her neck and the blonde hair bleached and grown to cascade over her delicate shoulders provided clear indication of Jillian's nature and purpose, even when not being led around in public on her leash.  

She became a natural exhibitionist, and shuddered knowing that even when wearing her favorite dresses in public the material cupped tightly around her immense bust to enhance the bulge of her nipples and piercings. But Jillian disliked her body being concealed under clothing. The months of genetic modifications, Mistress' patient training, and Jillian's lusty enthusiasm had led her to become a true slut as good or better than the other Petgirls, obsessed with lesbian play, rarely ever wearing anything but her 'house uniform'. 

She found herself unable to pass one of the other naked and bald Petgirl pussies without lusting after it, desiring to touch it, kiss it, drink from it, and feel it squirt between her fat lips and directly into her mouth. Nor (again like the other Petgirls) could she keep her hands to herself, always pinching a nipple, pulling a ring, or absent-mindedly sitting with legs up and spread wide, legs draped over the arms of her favorite chair, high heels pointing to anything but the floor while dipping her fingers from pussy to mouth, slurping at her own juice, over and over. 

But her experiences with men were extremely limited. Mistress needed another enthusiastic cocksucker to help beautiful Bobbi in servicing male guests who stayed overnight. Bobbi had already been a cumgurgling heteo when she came to Mistress' attention and required detailed training in the fine art of pleasing cunts, but the other Petgirls were mostly natural lesbians. 

In contrast, when talking about sex Jillian seemed equally enthusiastic regardless of gender, despite her severe lack of actual experience with men. In loaning the Petgirl to Grant, Mistress hoped Jillian would soon learn to please men in every way. Then she and Bobbi would be paired together.

You see, when not pleasing Mistress or one of the other Petgirls during group playtime, Ginger and Salina spent most of their time between each other's legs. Likewise with Kiara and Lisette. Most recently Mistress had paired off Nyomi and Tawny together.  

Now her two remaining Petgirls would each have a cuddle partner.

FRIDAY MORNING 10:00 AM:

Mistress called Jillian to her office and explained the upcoming festivities. The petgirl was wearing standard 'business hours' attire: a corset around her waist, a necktie between her massive tanned tits, white stockings, heels, and a tiny pleated skirt that made no attempt to cover her pussy or her 'JenniSlut' tattoo. She curtsied daintily, then stood at attention in front of Mistress' desk and thrust out her massive tits. The necktie had flopped over and covered part of one nipple. Mistress stood, straightened the tie, and tugged at the rubbery nipple.

"This is the perfect opportunity for you to develop a taste for sperm. You will do whatever Grant asks."

"Of course, Mistress, I will please you by pleasing him."

Mistress took JenniSlut's other nipple in hand and began toying with both.

"For two weeks you will be the perfect lady when he wishes. You will be the lusty whore when he wishes, just as you are for me."

"Yes, ma'am. Being the lady is difficult. Being the whore is not."

"I understand. You will suck his cock with the same gusto with which you suck my cunt. If he wants you to suck him in front of his friends, you will do so. If he wants you to wear his cum on your face in public, you will do so. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am. Sucking...I love that word. Suckingsuckingsuckingpussysucking." 

Jillian looked up at Mistress, lust in her eyes. "May I suck on Mistress' pussy now? Please?" Jillian stuck a finger between lips perpetually covered in lipstick and her own sweet cream. Mistress caught a whiff of Jillian's pussy breath and nearly lost control to an orgasm just watching her favorite petgirl. 

"Perhaps...in a moment..." 

Mistress sat down uneasily. "I'm afraid there will be no women for you to play with this weekend my pet, unless Grant hires an escort or two", Mistress explained. "His wife isn't going this time. Just a few men. Despite Grant's assurances of his honorable intent, I know for a fact you will become quite familiar with the taste of cock over the next couple of days."

"Wonderful, Mistress. But I probably won't be able to resist begging him to hire a slut so I can lick her in front of him. Maybe even more than one."

Jillian's eyes brightened as her imagination began to run away. Her fingers went to her tits and began to pull the big nipple rings. "Or his wife AND a slut! I wish his wife was going. I would try to convince her to let me and her husband suck on her pussy at the same time and share the juice with each other. He could rub her cunt cream all over my face and lick it off of me. That would be so much FUN! Would that make you proud of me?"

"Indeed yes. But this weekend you're to make me proud by sucking lots of mansperm into your tummy. Go pack your things and spend some time in your tanning booth. I will come by and see you off this afternoon."

Jillian turned to leave, her gorgeous ass walking away.

"WAIT...my slutty little Petgirl. On second thought, come to my lap first." Mistress spread her legs across the desk and pulled aside her panties.

Jillian stopped in her tracks, looked at Mistress over her shoulder, and smiled as she licked her lips.

FRIDAY AFTERNOON, 4:00 PM

Two hours before the pickup Mistress went to Jillian's suite, leaving the door to the common area wide open. It wasn't hard to find the Petgirl. A squishing noise and low moan emanated from the the tanning booth installed in the exercise room. 

"Jillian, At attention, please."

The naked 20-year-old woman immediately climbed out of the booth and again stood at attention, jutting out her incredible tits and ass. Out of her purse Mistress pulled out a new 'JenniSlut' collar, jeweled nipple rings, and six golden labia rings. Jillian held her long blonde hair out of the way as Mistress attached the collar. Their two tongues worked together, flicking over Jillian's big pierced nipples in order to stiffen them for the jeweled rings to be slipped through. Mistress ordered Jillian onto the bed and slid a pair of spiked heels onto the petgirl's sexy feet. Roughly grabbing the heels, she pulled Jillian's long legs up and apart. 

"Hold them there, my slut." 

Jillian beamed at Mistress and did exactly as she was told, using her hands to pull her legs as wide and high as they would go. Mistress then carefully attached each of the six gold labia rings. Difficult work, given the aroma and moisture. Unable to resist, Mistress took the opportunity to push her hands hard down against the inside of each lucious white JenniSlut thigh, her thumbs pulled the pretty pussy wide open, and she pushed her face deep into the bald pussy, holding her breath while soaking her cheeks in the plentiful juice, tongue lapping deeper and deeper. Mistress' hair hid the entire pornographic scene as she returned the favor to Jillian from this morning. 

Moaning, Jillian looked down at her cunt-licking Mistress and jerked in orgasm, covering Mistress' cheeks, chin, nose, and forehead with syrupy JenniSlut cuntcream. Savoring every drop of Jillian's taste on her lips, Mistress pulled her face away and ordered the slut to her feet, standing her in front of the wall-high dressing mirror. Jillian licked Mistresses face clean and they kissed and sucked each others tongue while watching themselves in the mirror. Mistress held her precious Petgirl by the collar and nibbled at her ear.

"Have you been using Bobbi's fat dildos to stretch you pussy in the tanning booth as I instructed?", Mistress whispered.

"Yes, Ma'am. You said I need to be ready for men." Jillian turned and licked her Mistress' cheeks some more.

Mistress traced a finger around the other womans fat lips. "And your mouth?"

"I need more lipstick. It keeps smearing it off my lips and all over the dildos", the slut pouted.

"Excellent, my cuntpet. That's not a problem, believe me. What about the spurting dildo. Can you swallow everything when it ejaculates?"

"No, ma'am. I'm trying really, really hard, though."

"I'll send Grant a text asking him give you some personal one-on-one training in that regard."

"Thank you Mistress!"

Inspecting the slut from every angle, she tapped her fingers over skin and decided that since "stuffing" would no doubt be the theme of the upcoming weekend, Grant and his friends might enjoy seeing Jillian oiled up and stuffed into one of Nyomi's long rubber dresses. The pink one. On the somewhat shorter Nyomi it fit tight like a velvet alien lover, following every curve and bulge from her shoulders all the way down to her knees, but it was doubtful that same outfit could possibly cover the genetically enhanced massive tits, tiny flat tummy, wide voluptuous hips, and the puffy, permanently bald, perpetually wet pussy atop the athletic long legs all thrust obediently at attention before Mistress now.

Definitely worth a try, however.

Mistress glanced through the open door at two other Petgirls, clad in their own house uniforms of collar, heels, and body jewelry and who had been loudly sucking each others nipples and watching the fun from afar. They squealed when Mistress winked at them and jumped up, eager to assist in Jillian's 'preparation'.

"JenniSlut time!"

Kiara sauntered in front of Jillian, pulling her close, then to her mouth for her a deep french kiss while roughly twisting their nipple rings against each other. Lisette eased in behind on her knees, pushed the long legs in front of her apart, and tugged on her labia rings with thumb and forefinger to let the pussy cream run down her hand. Kiara then concentrated on sucking Jillian's pussy from the front as Lisette held the the labia rings open for her from the back. Kiara feasted on the sweet, dripping JenniSlut pussy and licked the rings and Lisette's wet fingers. Meanwhile Mistress applied Jillian's makeup and did her blonde hair into a formal updo held by an emerald barrette as the gorgeous beauty gushed delicious cuntcream into Kiara's mouth. Once Mistress finishing applying the mascara and a thick red lipstick to her pet, Jillian was a stunning vision ready for the red carpet - except for her nakedness and the two other ladies ravashed her pussy. Mistress shuddered in lust, using all of her resolve not to take the woman again herself, but time was short. Grant would be here in less than an hour expecting the achingly gorgeous Petgirl bimbo to be willing and ready.

As Mistress painted Jillian's nails to match the pink dress, the two Petgirls began squirting oil on Jillian's nude form and rubbed thoroughly across every square centimeter of skin below the JenniSlut collar. The slut's skin held a lustrous sheen. Lisette and Kiara made sure no spot was missed, checking each other's work down to last detail including between the rings of Jillian's various piercings. 

Finally the pink rubbery outfit was removed from the rack,lowered over Jillian's head, and onto her deeply tanned torso. The three women pushed, pulled, and tugged with all their might but just as Mistress had feared, no matter how hard they tried it simply wouldn't fit. If they pulled it down around her hips comfortably, the fabric would hang up for a moment on her nipple piercings but then her breasts would pop completely out, nipples bouncing and the pink fabric hanging uselessly below her huge dark areolas. If they pulled it back up over the nipples it would tighten unmanageably around her hips and legs, binding her so that she couldn't walk.

Time was short - it was almost 6 o'clock. Clearly the dress would not fit. Looking around for another outfit, Mistress suddenly stopped, a devilish idea in her mind. "I don't want to do your makeup again. Let's just make a few quick alterations instead". Picking up a pair of shears she began snipping at the pink material. The scissors were terribly cold against the oily skin. Jillian shuddered, partly because of the cold metal but mostly because of the exciting debauchery of Mistress' imagination. Strips of pink fabric fell to Jillian's feet as her pussy leaked down her labia rings and onto the floor. Mistress finally gave up on the top and simply cut away everything above Jillian's waist. With such immense tits, finding tops that fit were always a challenge and today Jillian would simply have to go out with them uncovered. 

"Don't worry JenniSlut", teased Mistress. "Just think of your tan and your nipple rings as your top." 

The scissors then slid across her ass and pussy, snipping the dress as they went to free her thighs enough to walk. And a bit more...for fun. Kiara and Lisette ripped a few spots as well, then tugged and twisted Jillian's thick dark nipples and lapped at the delectable cunt as Mistress cut away the fabric covering it. More baby oil was squirted liberally on her body. Finally the three ladies stood back and admired their handiwork, just as the clock struck 6:00.

Jillian was panting but ready. Two-thirds of the dress was at her feet in ruins. The little bit of shiny, oil-soaked pink fabric still wrapped tightly around her was tucked under her tits and managed to cover one thigh. The back graced over the curve of her spine and stopped halfway down her ass. Oil and slutcream dribbled down her thighs and into her heels. When she turned just right in the bright lights, the bottom of her JenniSlut tattoo could be seen. Her bald wet pussy was covered only if she held a loose flap of material over it. As a final touch, Jillian's tanned arms and hands were covered by elbow-length white lace gloves.

Lisette jumped up and down, clapping her hands together excitedly. "Mistress, she is truly a wet dream cumslut-to-be! Are you sure she has to go? I want a turn with my face in her pussy too!"

Mistress had to agree. "Cumslut-to-be indeed! But yes, she has to go. This Petgirl is ready for a whore-style honeymoon. Think about the stories she'll have when she gets back." 

One last time she put the fingers of one hand into Jillian's mouth to be sucked, the fingers of her other hand deep into the luscious, always sticky JenniSlut pussy. Oil dripped from Jillian's tits onto the floor. 

"Oh, my wonderful fuckable wet pet, you are no doubt about to be filled with what will seem like miles of cock and gallons of mancum. You'll be flying across the ocean with dick buried in you the entire time." 

Jillian closed her eyes and moaned around the fingers in her mouth.

"You will swallow it all, and lick up what you spill. You will gurgle in cum. When you return, tell us everything in exquisite detail, about every cock you jerk off, rub between your tits, suck, fuck, and clean with your tongue."

"Of course, Mistress." Jillian paused. "What does sperm taste like?"

"I certainly don't know dear, but I am sure you are about to find out. Go now. Have a fine time, my sweet toy." 

Mistress, Kiara, and Lisette each smacked her ass then joined hands as Jillian turned and strutted wantonly out the door, tanned hips rolling, oily tits swaying side to side, pussy lips and rings dangling below the ruins of the pink rubber dress. Her toes squished in the oil and cuntjuice that had dribbled into her heels. 

"That gorgeous pussy will be pumped full of cum in less than ten minutes, I wager." 

Mistress turned towards Bobbi and Kiara. "And in the meantime I have my other slutty Petgirls to play with." She snipped the scissors playfully in the air. "That's right, my sweet cunts. That means you. Each of you put on one of Nyomi's rubber outfits."