 "Yes, like that...now move your left arm over your head" he said in a distant quiet tone that was barely heard above the quiet rhythmic click of his camera. I strained to comply, and arched a bit more over the chair one hand holding on to the chair the other overhead. The position pushing the limits of my flexibility and my tits pushing the limits of my white blouse. I quickly readjusted my crisp white blouse. 

The rhythmic clicking seemed to skip a heartbeat. "Another camera please." It was less a request as it was an order. The assistant stepped forward and handed him another camera. She was beautiful. Long red hair that hung in light waves down her back tied back in a loose black ribbon. She moved quickly in her dark blue suit and heels and replaced the camera in his hand with another. Her eyes avoiding both his gaze and mine. "I want to try something new. Touch her up please." Another polite order. This time, I could not help but smile and meet the photographer's gaze. His face remained calm but his eyes...his eyes betrayed him...so did his growing erection.

She walked to me, blue heels clicking on the floor and echoing in the room. I tore my deep brown eyes from his blue and watched her hips sway toward me. She was intoxicating. As she straightened my dark brown locks, I closed my eyes and drank her scent: citrus, lily, and rain. I opened my eyes at the sound of the click. He had snapped a picture. I looked past her to his blue eyes again and smiled. 

I looked back to her. She was close to me. Leaning into me. I could see just inside her blue suit to her alabaster breasts. Pink nipples pert and inviting. I bit my bottom lip to stifle the escaping moan. Another click. This time closer. "Open her shirt a bit please. I want to see how her skin responds to the light." Another command. She complied quickly and silently. Her fingers lightly brushing my skin as she unbuttoned my shirt past the confines of my bra. I took another deep breath as I heard another click. 

My breasts bloomed with a red flush as met her gaze and then turned my head to the direction of the rhythmic clicking . I could not see his blue eyes now. Only the camera and the erection through his khakis met my gaze. She again ran her fingers through my hair and this time I leaned forward. Bolder now. Perhaps by the scent. Perhaps by the moment. But emboldened, I leaned forward and lightly brushed my lips across hers. This photographer's assistant who was dutifully fixing my hair and clothing. This photographer's assistant whose name I have never known, yet every curve I had memorized and scent whose scent had intoxicated me for so long. I felt her lips against mine. She lingered and then returned my kiss. Slowly at first and then opened. 

I tasted the red hot charge of electricity as our tongues met. Asking silent questions of one another and our passion. "Click" the rhythm continued but this time I did not care. I knew he was on the other side of the camera. I also knew that he was directing the passion. I did not care. This time I wanted to taste..."click" This time the sound brought me back for a moment. It felt closer. 

I bent my head and traced a row of kisses down her neck to her alabaster breasts. Her breathing came in ragged gasps. I smiled as I licked between them. Teasing her with my lips and tongue. Her skin tasted as she smelled...sweet and fresh...simply intoxicating. I unbuttoned her crisp shirt as she ran her fingers through my brown curls encouraging me to continue. I kissed her breast once more and looked at her face, into her eyes which were looking into mine with a hot flame. As my mouth met hers, I again heard the familiar sound "click...click...click". Always the observer...always the artist...he still watched and recorded our every move.

I smiled through our kiss. Tongues battled for dominance as she pulled herself closer to my body and released my breasts from their confines. I pulled away from her and took her hand. Running it across my face I allowed her to feel my skin as I looked into her eyes almost daring her to look away. She held my gaze as I licked her fingers lightly and brought her hand to my blackberry sized nipples. She continued to hold my gaze as she slowly ran the now erect nipple between her fingers, playing and teasing with the feel of them. Almost reverently she bent and kissed my breast and a bolt of electricity ran down my body. "Click"

Her tongue traced the heaviness of my breasts expertly and I leaned back to enjoy her passion. "Click" this time closer. Right beside my face this time. I closed to enjoy the feeling as her lips and tongue traced my breast and nipple. He mouth sent a wave of electricity down my spine and I moaned slightly to the beautiful assault.

I lifted her head and kissed her lips with veracity that I believe startled her because for a moment she stopped breathing. I ran my fingers along her leg and under her blue skirt. I was greeted by the most delicious feel...the top of thigh high stockings and garters. I moaned as I felt where the fabric met her skin and traced my way to her panties now wet her own delicious honey. Her eyes popped open when I ran my fingers along her silk covered opening. And then I felt her moan into my mouth and lean into me. Surrendering. I smiled through my kisses.

I kept my fingers above the fabric and continued to rub back and forth almost absent mindedly. Enjoying the feeling of her growing wetter beneath my hand...the feeling of her body shivering to my touch...the feeling of the beautiful tension growing in her body. "Click" I pulled my mouth away from hers and traced my tongue down her neck nibbling and teasing her skin as I tasted her. I felt her shiver slightly beneath my mouth and smiled in the knowledge that I was the one causing it.

I continued using my mouth to tease her neck and breasts as I moved my hand inside the silkiness of her confines to the moistness that it contained. She tried to move away from me but my arms and lips held her still. This time I knew my prize. I knew what I wanted and how to obtain it. "Click"

I put one finger into her warm wetness and looked into her eyes. She looked back with a hunger that I could almost taste. I pressed up my entire hand against her and rubbed hard. My finger deep inside her body moving in rhythm with my palm. I inserted one more finger and kissed her with my eyes open still looking straight into hers. Her eyes threatened to close but as she did I stopped moving against her completely. Her eyes opened again and she met my gaze and intensity. She understood. I wanted to watch her. I wanted to watch the passion grow and explode in my arms and know that I was the cause.

I broke my hold on her mouth to watch her eyes flutter. "click" Her breath came in ragged gasps and I could feel she was so close. So close to where I wanted her. I smiled and pulled her closer still and then felt her shudder...and then hold her breath. She started to close her eyes "Don't" I breathed the word into her mouth half a command and half a plea. And she opened to me. Allowing me to see into her soul.

"Click" I kissed her lightly on the lips and then her eyes. Removed my hand and licked her from my fingers and closed my eyes to enjoy the taste..."Click...thank you. I believe we have the shot now." The photographer, ever the professional, smiled as he walked away removing the SD card from his camera and striding in long confident steps to his laptop.