 The two women walked hand-in-hand over to the large window at the street side of the building. The widow was large enough for each woman to stand with her back to the side, reach out and barely touch fingertips, and tall enough to have to stand up on tip-toes and stretch to reach the top edge. They would be in full view of any person who might take the moment to look. The colourful dying light of the day was intermingling with the lights from the city buildings and street lamps. 

"We won't have light long..." Jonathan stated as Freja and Ailis started to kiss.

"Never mind the camera," whispered Freja to Ailis. "It's just you and I and no one and nothing else." They kissed again. "I want to give you such pleasure..."

The first few flash pops startled Ailis, but her passion and lust for Freja soon overtook her and made all else fade away. The only things in her Universe were Freja, herself, and their lusty need. Ailis moved behind Freja, kissing her neck, her shoulders, down her back. Freja grabbed the window frame, facing the city and the street below, her torso was bent with her arse pressed back towards Ailis. Ailis got to Freja's hip and lightly bit down, causing Freja to give out a small yelp, only to be smoothed over with licks and kisses. Ailis massaged the smooth skin of Freja's shapely arse and then down between her open legs until she found what she was searching for: The opening between Freja's dripping wet inner lips. Freja pushed back as she felt two of Ailis' fingers enter her. Ailis slowly stroked the velvety wetness of Freja's tight canal as she kissed her way back up Freja's back. As Ailis reached her ear, she reached around Freja with her other hand and began kneeding her ample tits while kissing and sucking on an earlobe. Ailis quickened the pace in and out of Freja's hot pussy as she entered a third finger.

A couple walking hand in hand below looked up to the window overlooking the street to witness the two lovers locked in their feverish embrace. "They're fucking," she says as she stops her companion. "I want to watch to see if she cums."

"They'll see us," he said as she continued to watch in rapt fascination.

"They obviously don't much care about that," she pointed toward the window, flash pops appearing frequently. "They're being photographed."

Freja saw the couple in the street watching her and Ailis. That sent her over the edge. She pushed back several times to meet Ailis' fingers as they drilled her slickening inner walls. A few more thrusts and her knees buckled as her entire body started to quiver in blissful pleasure. Ailis held her firm as she continued the pound her fingers into Freja's now spasming pussy. Freja's orgasm was loud and hard, and was even met with applause from the couple in the street. Her breasts heaved as she tried to regain her breath, but she maganed a wave to the couple as they walked down the street and into the night.

"I need to change cameras," came Jonathan's voice from a world away. Ailis and Freja were cuddled together on the floor, Freja sitting in Ailis' lap, kissing and cooing and sharing the wetness that covered Ailis' fingers.

"I can't remember ever having an orgasm like that," smiled Freja, her accent much thicker and heavier.

"I hope Jonathan got some good photos," smiled Ailis, also trying to catch her breath. "When he comes back with the new camera, I want to masturbate for you." She kissed Freja, their tongues twisting, darting, and dancing together. "Then, I want to make love with you all weekend."

"Oh, yes," hissed Freja as their mouths once again found each other, and Freja's hand found Ailis' sensative breasts. "There is nothing more," she smiled as she broke their kiss, "that I want to see right now than you totally abandoned in masturbation."

A flash pop caught Ailis and Freja in a tender moment, but also caught Ailis by surprize. 

"I'm sorry," said Jonathan as he lowered the camera from his face. "I didn't mean to startle you."

"No, it's alright," smiled Ailis. "I'd just forgotten you were even there." She turned to Freja, "I was lost in falling in love with your wife." Ailis kissed Freja in a long, sweet, tender kiss.

Another flash pop, but the women continued their kiss uninterrupted. As their breathing became more laboured, Jonathan continued to snap photos.

Ailis finally broke the kiss. "Wait!" she panted. "I want to masturbate! I want you to see me... to watch me... Oh! I'm so fucking horny!"

With some effort, and several kisses, she got herself untangled with Freja, stood and surveyed the room for the place where she wanted to be photographed, where she would be the only object in the photo, her and her masturbation. Years of fantasy photos poured through Ailis' mind, reminding her just how intense this whole fantasy was. And with each rememberance, her lust and her need grew.

Her eyes finally fell on the area with the white backdrop and platform, and no other props, and marched a bee-line for it. "Here," she said, pointing to the platform. "I want to do it here."

"Mmmm..." smiled Jonathan. "Very good choice. Do you want colour or black and white?"

Ailis could barely keep her hands from herself. "Colour, please."

"Yes. Your red hair will show up wonderfully here." Jonathan paused for a moment, looking intently at Ailis. "Let's start off with a few simple portraits, alright?"

A slight whimper came from Ailis.

"I know how turned on you are," cooed Jonathan, "your beautiful hard, pink nipples and the wetness on your inner thighs give you away. That's the reality that I want to capture, so you need to control yourself for just a little bit longer."

Ailis felt very sexy while Jonathan talked and snapped picture after picture. Her exhibitionistic fantasies were flooding her head, and her pussy. She didn't pose so much as just stand in casual positions and flirt a little while Jonathan stood a metre or so away, his face partially covered by his camera. She was having the most difficult time trying to not touch herself, so much so that she could barely concentrate on Jonathan's directions.

"Look at me..." she heard Freja's voice huskily beg. Ailis tried to focus beyond the flash of the lights until she saw Freja just beyond Jonathan, sitting in an armchair, one leg thrown over the arm of the chair, one hand cupping a breast while the other hand caressed her blonde pubes and swollen sex.

Suddenly, she felt her knees weaken and at the same instant, she was blinded by the flash of the lights. What little willpower she had left to keep from total abandon was quickly eroding away. She heard Jonathan's voice "Oh, yeah! Brilliant! Just like that! Too fucking sexy!"

"I don't think I can hold out any longer," Ailis said, mostly to herself. She felt her hand cup her breast as the electricity jolted in her clit. She almost came from that simple touch, but she so wanted more.

Ailis slumped to the deck of the platform where she had been standing, flirting with the camera, and moving about. On her knees, she spread her wet thighs to expose the wetness pouring from within her. She inserted a finger and her eyes fluttered and her breathing became very laboured, causing her breasts to heave. The ever-present pop of the lights, though they actually had sped up with Ailis' new position, seemed to fade away into nothing. She held her breast up and bent her head to suck her own nipple as her wet finger found her engorged clit. Her nipple released with a slight pop, her head bent back, as did her spine, eyes again fluttering, as the overwhelming first wave of orgasm flowed through her like a tsunami. 

She rolled off her knees and onto her back, only to plant her feet and arch her back as the second wave burst through before the first had completely finished. Small cries and moans escaped her throat as both of her hands worked feverishly between the folds of her labia and over her diamond-hard clit to hasten in shuddering wave number three. Her face, alternately in glorious agony and excruciating bliss, becoming ruddier as her whimpers and cries became more gutteral and growling. 

Wave number four arrived announced with a scream that left Ailis on her back on the platform, tears streaming her face, gasping for breath, and limp as a rag doll, with visible post-orgasmic shudders. The dreamy look on her face could have explained it all.

Jonathan snapped a couple more photos while Freja applauded. Ailis' breathing became more normal, interspersed with a bad case of the giggles.

"Fantastic!" lauded Jonathan as he finally removed the camera from his face. "Absolutely fucking fantastic!"

Ailis, buzzing incredibly on her self-induced endorphin high, kept her head on the platform, but managed to turn and smile at Jonathan and Freja.

Freja got up from her chair and went out of Ailis' vision to the back of the room, moments later returning to Ailis with a bottle of water. Ailis groggily sat up to receive the bottle. "Thanks," she managed.

"After that, I thought you may need it," smiled Freja with a kiss to Ailis' forehead.

"You were amazing!" chimed Jonathan. "I've not seen anyone with that level of intensity in a very long time! Are you alright?"

Ailis' eyes widened as she nodded her head while taking a long gulp of the much needed water. "Yes, thanks," she managed after a swallow. "My pussy is still quivering..." she giggled and paused for another sip of water. "I can't wait to see the photos!"

"Trust me, there are plenty of very good ones there," smiled Jonathan. He clicked off one more surprize candid shot of Ailis and laughed. "Good! That killed the roll. I'm going to get this in the soup!" Jonathan hurried to the back of the studio to the darkroom.

"He'll be in there now for hours," laughed Freja. "He'll probably put his favourite ones in a row and masturbate to them. He may even cum on his favourite shot. He simply loves to do that. I loved watching you and I can't wait to see how Jonathan has captured your moments. I'll probably want to masturbate to them, too!" She laughed again.

"I guess we should all just sit in a circle and enjoy ourselves, eh?" laughed Ailis.

"We have all weekend," replied Freja with a laugh.

"Mmmm..." Ailis kissed Freja. "We most certainly do..."