 It was early afternoon and Melissa had been nervous all day. That evening she had her first photo shoot with a local magazine. The magazine showcased events and real estate and happenings in and around Houston. The shoot was for the cover and it was a big deal to Melissa, as it was her first opportunity to showcase her talent for a wider audience.

For the most part Melissa photographed people. She liked style and fashion and her work reflected that. This shoot was to be a little different. The idea was to photograph a local news anchor in her home.

Melissa was nervous not only because it was her first big shoot, but also because the subject happened to be something of a local celebrity. There was a lot of pressure on Melissa to get it right, and not only please the editors at the magazine but the newscaster as well.

Because of that Melissa suggested she work alone. She didn't need a big crew or a bunch of people following her around. She knew that would just make her nervous and add to the pressure. Instead the plan was for an intimate shoot, just her and the newscaster alone in her home.

Melissa had never actually met the newscaster in person. She had just seen her on television and as a result really had no idea what to expect. The editor didn't tell her much, except that the woman had recently been divorced and that she would be very particular about how she was portrayed.

Melissa's hands were shaking as she pulled into the driveway. As soon as she pulled in the newscaster stepped out the front door to greet her.

She introduced herself as Jill and seemed outwardly friendly. She said how much she looked forward to the shoot. Melissa was surprised by how tall she was. She'd heard how most celebrities were shorter than they appear onscreen, but Jill was at least a head above Melissa.

Jill's dark hair was immaculately styled in her trademark bob, and her face was much prettier than Melissa had realized. Melissa had always assumed that her looks were nothing but a facade, a trick of makeup and camera angles. But in person, Jill's face wasn't caked with makeup. Melissa realized it didn't need to be.

After a bit of small talk, Jill suggested Melissa photograph the outside of the house while the light was still good. After all, that was the reason for shooting in the evening.

So Melissa went about photographing the house exterior with Jill closely in tow. As she did so, Melissa found herself intimidated and uncomfortable in Jill's presence. There was just something about her. Melissa couldn't quite put her finger on it, but was constantly aware of her presence.

Once the outside was photographed they moved inside. There was a bit of a awkward vibe with just the two of them alone in the house. It was strange, because even though Melissa was the photographer, Jill was the one calling the shots.

Jill talked non-stop as they toured the house, pointing out various items and suggesting angles and shots Melissa should get. Melissa found herself oddly compliant to Jill's requests. She had come to the shoot with ideas of her own but found that she quickly acquiesced to Jill's desires.

They spent several hours photographing the house interior. By then it was nearly 9pm and Jill brought in the rest of her lights for the cover shot of Jill herself.

As Melissa setup she had images in her mind of what she wanted to capture. Portraits after all were her forte. She felt confident and comfortable photographing people and knew exactly what she wanted to walk away with.

The pictures started with Jill on the couch in her living room. She had on a sharp black dress with large silver buttons down the front. Everything about her was immaculate, from her hair, to her makeup, to her shoes, to her smile. Years of being on television had clearly made her comfortable in front camera.

As Melissa took pictures Jill seemed to instinctively move the right way and have the right look for the shot. It just seemed natural for her. As she posed, she struck up a conversation with Melissa. She asked about her camera and mentioned how photography was a hobby of hers.

Melissa gradually grew more at ease as the shoot and conversation continued. They spent about thirty minutes shooting on the couch before Jill suggested that perhaps a shot in her office would be good.

Melissa agreed and started moving her equipment and lights to the office. As she did Jill asked if Melissa wanted her to change. She said she knew black could be difficult to photograph and wondered it another look would work better in the office, and Melissa agreed that changing outfits might be a good idea.

Jill disappeared for a couple of minutes as Melissa continued setting up. When she reappeared she was holding a blue blouse with a short tweed skirt.

But instead of the black dress she was wearing before, she showed off the new outfit in nothing but her bra and panties. Melissa was taken aback to see Jill in next to nothing. It took her a few moments to get her composure back and focus on the new outfit.

As it was, she only glanced at the outfit, unable to take her eyes off of Jill and her body. In her bra and panties, her longs legs seemed to go on forever, and her large breasts had nowhere to hide. Melissa tried to focus on the outfit, but her eyes betrayed her by glancing repeatedly toward Jill's toned body.

Finally Melissa managed to blurt out how she liked the new outfit and thought it would work well. With a smile Jill turned and disappeared into the other room to change. Melissa's eyes couldn't help but fixate on her ass as she walked away.

Melissa was completely distracted as she finished her setup. She kept thinking about Jill's body and how it compared to her own. As it was, Melissa felt inadequate, her short legs, her small breasts, her slender hips didn't compare to Jill's raw sexuality. Her mind wandered. She tried to focus on the task at hand but couldn't.

Ten minutes passed before she regained her composure just as Jill returned. Again she looked immaculate in her new outfit. Once again it fit perfectly, with her hair and makeup perfectly complimenting it as well. The only difference was now the blue blouse seemed to accentuate her large breasts in a way that the black dress didn't. Still Melissa wondered if it was just her mind playing tricks on her after having had a clear view of Jill's large breasts in nothing but a bra.

Melissa started taking pictures again, with Jill propped up against the edge of the desk and her hands leaning back to brace herself. She smiled and seemed to be in a good mood enjoying being photographed.

Again, she started talking as the shoot continued. But instead of talking about cameras Jill asked about Melissa's love life. She inquired into her current situation, and if she had a boyfriend. Melissa said she didn't and that she had broken up with her last boyfriend about six months ago. She asked about him and why they broke up, and also about various details of the relationship.

As the questions continued, Melissa never stopped taking pictures. As she did, Jill's poses started to veer away from conservative and professional to more blatantly sexual.

At first it was just Jill turning to highlight her breasts or to arch her back. Instead of smiling, she began to let her mouth hang open. Melissa didn't stop her, but instead just kept photographing.

The poses slowly became more and more erotic and the talking stopped altogether. Jill bending toward the camera to accentuate her cleavage, unbuttoning a button on her blouse to allow a bit more skin to show, spreading her legs to offer a glimpse of her panties.

All the while, not a word was spoken, just the click of the camera for shot after shot.

After five minutes of non-stop shooting Jill stood up and simply said that it was her turn.

Melissa froze, unsure of the situation and how they got there, and what to expect next.

Jill clarified that it was her turn to take pictures of Melissa. Melissa was nervous, unsure. She had never had the tables turned on her like this. After all the times she'd been hit on by men she'd photographed, she'd always been able to handle herself and the situation. But here she felt completely out of control.

She didn't know what to do. There was nothing she could do really, except the obvious.

Soon Melissa was the one leaning against the desk with Jill behind the camera. Instead of everything happening in silence like before, now Jill was actively directing Melissa.

At first the poses were benign, with Jill directing Melissa to turn a certain way, or hold her arms at a certain angle.

Gradually though, Jill's direction grew more explicit, more sexual.

She had Melissa unbutton her blouse, or slip her hand down her pants. She said things to Melissa as she directed her, telling her what look she wanted, what she wanted her to imagine.

Soon Melissa's blouse was off, in a pile on the floor. Her pants came next.

Melissa felt exposed. She felt on display in nothing but her bra and underwear. She felt so vulnerable being photographed by a woman she saw on the news every night. Still she couldn't say no and did exactly as Jill said.

Jill kept photographing. She kept directing, taking pictures of Melissa with her hand in her panties, touching herself. Jill asked if she was wet, but she already knew the answer.

With that Jill stopped clicking the shutter and moved out from behind the camera and toward Melissa. Melissa froze, completely taken aback, powerless to say anything and powerless to stop it.

Melissa eyes never moved as Jill stood before her. Seductively, Jill began unbuttoning her blouse. Melissa's mouth hung open as she watched Jill's blouse drop to the floor.

Jill continued, reaching around to unzip her skirt, pushing it to the floor.

They both now stood face to face, in nothing but their underwear.

Jill reached around to unfasten her bra. Melissa fixated on her breasts as she did. They seemed to spill out as the bra came undone, Jill's nipples so succulent, and so pink, and so hard, on full view before her.

Jill cupped the bottom of her right breast and stepped toward Melissa, bringing it to her mouth. She asked if this is what she wanted. Melissa wrapped her mouth around her hard nipple without saying a word.

Jill let her suckle her breast for a few moments before she pulled away. As she did she took Melissa's hand and brought it close to her. Down she pushed it, deep into her panties.

Melissa felt the warmth and wetness of Jill's pussy. Hesitantly she ran her fingers through her soft manicured hair underneath her panties. She could tell Jill was wet and that she wanted so much more.

Jill took both of her thumbs and slipped them under the waist band of her panties and slid them down over her hips onto the floor.

Now Melissa stood in front of Jill, with Jill completely naked and exposed. Melissa couldn't help but imagine her as a newscaster, seeing her on TV, and now the shock and excitement of seeing her right now, naked before her.

Her body was perfect, slender hips, toned stomach, shapely ass. Her dark pussy was precisely manicured in a simple thin strip. Melissa looked down to see her pussy glistening with wetness.

Jill walked around her desk with a purpose. Melissa remained where she was turning to watch as Jill went by.

Jill opened a big drawer on the side of the desk. Without an expression on her face, she reached down into the drawer and emerged with a harness and a dildo. With precision and efficiency she wrapped the harness around her, the straps molding to her shapely ass. She took the dildo and slipped it into the harness.

Once in place she looked up and across the desk at Melissa.

Her cock swayed as she walked around the desk. It was flesh colored and lifelike, about six inches long, thick, and circumcised, with veins bulging just like a real cock.

Jill came around and stood where she had earlier, directly in front of Melissa. Melissa reached forward and wrapped her hand around the cock, taking her place on her knees in front of Jill.

Slowly she took the cock into her mouth sliding it in as far as it would go. Up and down the shaft her mouth moved, taking in as much as she could, savoring it as she did.

Jill looked down and smiled. Melissa looked up into her eyes.

It turned her on to suck the cock. It felt good in her mouth, her lips moving around it. It gave her this strange feeling, intensely erotic, to be on her knees, sucking the cock of this intensely desirable public figure.

She felt Jill's hands on the back of her head and heard Jill telling her what a good girl she was and how good she was doing.

Jill pushed her head away, and reached her fingers down under Melissa's chin, forcing Melissa to tilt her head and look up at her.

"Are you ready?" Jill said.

Melissa nodded and deliberately got up from her knees.

Instinctively she turned around, and bent herself ass up, over the desk.

There she laid splayed open, exposed vulnerable. Her pussy was sopping wet and throbbing. She wanted so badly to be fucked, to be fucked hard.

Her body jumped when the cock first slid in. It felt so big, she felt stretched, full. She wanted nothing more than that cock deep inside her.

"Please," she whimpered as she felt Jill's hands move to her hips.

Soon Jill's cock was slowly moving into her, deeper and deeper, filling her more and more.

Melissa whimpered please again and again. She groaned when she felt the end of the thrust deep inside her and Jill's pelvis slam against her ass.

Slowly Jill pulled her cock out, and then slowly slipped it inside again.

Over and over again the cock pumped her, with Melissa's pussy aching with desire, squeezing around the cock, her mind everywhere.

"Oh God," she screamed.

She became louder and louder as Jill continued to fuck her. Melissa begged for more, over and over again.

She came right away, and then again, and again. The orgasms seemed to come in waves, one right on top of the other. She screamed, she whimpered, she moaned.

When Jill was done, Melissa's pussy was red and swollen, and she knew she'd been fucked like never before. As her body lay spent ass up across the desk, Jill looked down and smiled. In that moment, Jill wanted nothing more than to fuck her, again and again, and that is exactly what she did.