 Melanie stood nervously in front of the door, trying to gather her courage and ring the doorbell. Her hands were sweaty and she hoped they wouldn't leave a mark as she smoothed down her skirt and straightened her jacket. She was so worried about making a good impression – after all, this was the first time Melanie had been invited to Diana's apartment, an invitation she knew was pivotal to her career at Keegan and Brand. Taking a deep breath, Melanie steadied her nerves and pressed the buzzer.

Diana answered the door with a smile.

"Right on time! Two points for you, Mel!" She took Melanie's hand and pulled her into the apartment, closing the door behind her.

"I was so worried I'd be late" Melanie stammered as she looked around the stunning apartment. Diana's taste was impeccable, of course. The modern décor of her loft was just the foreground to a panoramic view of the city lights. Melanie tried hard not to gape at her surroundings. The last thing she wanted to appear as was a tongue-tied bumpkin who had never seen a sophisticated city loft before. But she couldn't help showing her admiration.

"This is the most beautiful apartment I've ever seen! Did you decorate it yourself?"

Diana laughed as she relieved Mel of her suit jacket and motioned for her to sit. "I wish I had the talent for decorating, but I'm afraid my skills are all in advertising. Even if I had the talent, I wouldn't have the time. Why don't you make yourself comfortable and I'll pour us some wine."

Melanie tried to do just that, but she was still nervous. She watched as Diana glided across the room to the bar. As ever, she was in awe of how beautiful Diana was. She was tall but with a lush body that she highlighted to it's best advantage with a low cut blouse and silky, clingy trousers. Her feet were bare, making Melanie feel a little less formal herself. Diana usually wore her glossy auburn hair in a french twist at work, but tonight it flowed down her back in a russet wave. When she bent to hand Melanie the wine, Mel could clearly see Diana's bountiful breasts spill forward unfettered by a bra. Mel felt her face flush and quickly gulped her wine to hide her embarrassment. Diana laughed softly and sat down beside Melanie, tucking her own feet under her.

"Let's cut to the chase, Mel. You're a damn good associate and we're lucky to have you at Keegan & Brand. But you're not here because you're a good advertising agent."

Mel looked confused.

"I'm not? But...I thought you wanted me to work with you on the DeRossi Vineyards account."

"Oh, I definitely want you on the account. In fact, I'm giving the account to you. You're the project leader on that one Mel. Congratulations!" Diana tapped her glass against Mel's and took a sip.

Melanie was struck dumb.

"I...I...but...oh my god, Diana! Thank you so much! I don't know what to say! But...if that's not why I'm here, then why did you invite me over?" Melanie looked at Diana quizically.

Diana chuckled again and set her wineglass on the coffee table.

"Melanie...you must know that I've seen you watching me, seen the way you look at me. It's obvious that you're attracted to me."

Melanie, in the process of taking a drink from her own glass, choked and sputtered.

"Wh...what? What are you talking about?" She could feel her cheeks burning as she stumbled over her words. In a million years she never thought that Diana would realize the crush that Mel had on her. She thought she had been so discreet, so subtle. Watching Diana in meetings. Thinking about what it would feel like to kiss her, to run her hands over her body. Had that all been right there on Mel's face all this time? She was mortified. And now Diana was calling her on it.

"Di...Diana...please...I don't have...I mean, I don't think of you..." Melanie struggled to regain some composure. She drew in a deep breath and continued with a steadier voice. "Diana, if I gave you the impression that I had any more than a professional interest in you I am so sorry. I hope we can get past this and continue to have a good working relationship." This time Diana threw back her head and laughed out loud. She leaned over and took Melanie's glass from her, wiping her eyes and giggling.

"Oh my God...if you could just see yourself right now! You look so prim and proper! Now...get that horrified look off of your face. I didn't invite you here to reprimand you. I invited you here because I feel the same way about you."

Melanie's mouth dropped open as she stared at Diana in shock. In one fluid move, Diana slid across the couch and placed her hand behind Melanie's head. Mel didn't even have time to react as Diana pulled her towards her and fastened her mouth onto Mel's. At first they were both still, Melanie immobile with the shock of what was happening and Diana in anticipation to see what Mel's reaction would be. When Mel didn't draw away, Diana shifted a bit, opening her mouth slightly and using her tongue to softly outline Mel's lips. Mel closed her eyes and gasped. Her lips parted and Diana slipped her tongue between them, finding Mel's tongue with her own. Mel felt herself melt back into the couch, her entire focus now on the marvelous sensations of Diana's mouth on her own.

Diana continued her exploration of Mel's mouth, using her teeth to nip at Mel's swollen lips, using her tongue to soothe them. She could feel Mel relax and shift her head to deepen the kiss. Diana shuddered slightly as Mel moaned softly into her mouth, and felt the throbbing ache begin in her cunt. She knew she had to go slowly with Melanie, not rush her. But she was getting so hot at Melanie's responses that it was hard to hold back. She pulled slowly away and looked into Melanie's eyes. Mel's mouth was slightly open, her lips swollen and pink. She knew there was no turning back, and she didn't want to.

Diana unbuttoned Mel's blouse and pushed it aside. Her eyes widened when she saw the sexy pink lace demi-bra under the conservative business blouse. It turned her on even more to know that this surprise was hiding under all that professionalism. Mel's breasts were straining against the lace fabric as Diana placed her hand over the soft fullness. Mel closed her eyes and groaned as Diana's ran her thumbs over the tight buds of her erect nipples. With a practiced motion Diana flicked open the front clasp of the bra, releasing Mel's breasts. She moved down and Mel gasped as Diana began sucking and licking her nipples, moving between each hard nub. The sucking and tugging sent exquisite bursts of pleasure through Mel's body and she arched up, pushing her breasts against Diana's busy mouth. She almost cried out when Diana suddenly sat up, but it was only for a moment as Diana stripped off her own blouse. She threw it on the floor and returned to Mel's luscious breasts, laving them over and over with her hot wet tongue until Mel was writhing in uncontrollable pleasure.

Moving further down, Diana unzipped Mel's skirt and pulled it off. She was delighted to see Mel had tiny pink lace panties to match the bra. She felt Mel tense up when she removed her skirt so Diana moved back up and began kissing Mel again. She used her fingers to tug at the hard points of Mel's nipple as Mel found Diana's breast with her own hands, stroking and teasing Diana's nipples as well. As she felt Mel relax again, Diana began moving her hand down Mel's body, lightly stroking her belly and thighs. She brushed tentative fingers over the silk-covered mound of Mel's pussy, almost moaning out loud to feel how wet the fabric had become. Instead of tensing up again, Mel parted her legs slightly. Diana took the signal and slipped her hand beneath the fabric and into the silky warm wetness of Melanie's pussy. Melanie gasped out loud and arched as Diana's finger found her clit. Diana began stroking the hot button of Mel's pleasure, watching Mel's face as she gasped and sighed. It was all Diana could do to keep from ripping off her own clothes and grinding her engorged cunt into Mel's. Melanie began to move her hips as Diana's stroking became faster, harder. She was gasping and moaning and Diana knew that she was about to come. Never stopping her rhythm, she slid two fingers deep into Melanie's cunt and bent them into an upward "come here" motion. Melanie rose up suddenly and cried out as Diana found her g-spot and began to stroke it rapidly. Intense shock waves of pleasure began to ricochet through Mel's body and she gasped and cried out as her climax burst through her. Melanie's pussy tightened convulsively around Diana's fingers with the waves of her orgasm and she fell back onto the couch gasping and panting. Diana slowly pulled her fingers out of Mel's pussy and brought them to her own lips, tasting the salty sweetness.

Standing up, Diana swiftly removed her trousers and panties and lay down beside Melanie. Mel's eyes were closed, her chest still heaving as she tried to catch her breath. Diana smoothed Mel's hair away from her face and kissed her gently on the mouth. Melanie could taste her own juices on Diana's lips. Diana drew back and looked down at Mel.

"God you are so beautiful. How do you feel?"

Mel opened her eyes.

"I feel like I'm in a dream and I never want to wake up. Do you know how many times I fantasized about you, about doing this?"

Diana kissed her again.

"Yes, I do. Because I was doing the same thing. Didn't you see me watching you in the board room? Sometimes I got so hot I'd have to dash to the ladies room and masturbate, imagining my finger was your tongue."

Melanie laughed softly.

"Well, you won't have to imagine any more."

Diana's eyes widened in surprise and delight as Melanie suddenly flipped them over until she was on top, looking down at Diana. She moved down slowly, kissing and nibbling Diana's neck and breasts and tummy. When she slipped her tongue briefly into Diana's bellybutton, Diana moaned in anticipation and spread her legs. Melanie moved down between Diana's legs and, using her thumbs, parted the moist lips of Diana's pussy. Diana's clit was swollen and pink, protruding from the inner lips. Melanie began to lick Diana's clit, using the tip of her tongue to stroke and tease the sensitive bit of flesh. Diana began to moan and push her mound up toward Melanie's questing tongue. It was obvious that this wasn't the first time Melanie had gone down on a woman and the licking and tugging at her clit was making Diana wild. Her legs were spread far apart and she pushed up on her elbows in order to watch Mel's mouth work on her eager cunt. Still laving her tongue over the tight little nub, Melanie worked three of her fingers into Diana's pussy, moving them in and out. Diana's head fell back and and she placed her hand behind Mel's head, pushing her face more firmly into her pussy. She could feel her orgasm starting to build, the warmth starting at the tips of her toes and fingers. She was moving her hips, her ass lifted up off the sofa as Mel began sucking faster on her aching clit. She was fucking Diana with her fingers and Diana began to gasp and pant like a lioness in heat. Her eyes were closed as she focused on the intense pleasure coursing through her body. She jerked convulsively as her orgasm slammed into her and send electric sensations throughout all her nerve endings. She threw back her head and screamed as a burst of hot juices spurted from her cunt and into Mel's mouth. Mel held onto Diana's hips as she came, sucking and licking the warm honey that was pouring from Diana's cunt.

As Diana's orgasm subsided, she fell back, panting and gasping for air. Melanie moved up and kissed her deeply, Diana's juices still on her lips. Diana ran her tongue around Melanie's lips, reveling the taste of her own pussy juices. Melanie lay down next to Diana and they wrapped their arms around each other, whispering and kissing until their pulses returned to normal.

Diana chuckled softly.

"And here I thought I was seducing a little virgin! I was trying to be so careful not to frighten you. It took everything I had not to just attack you!"

Melanie laughed as well and kissed Diana deeply.

"Oh, you haven't seen anything yet! Wait until I get you in the shower --- you do have a shower massage attachment don't you?"

Diana jumped up and pulled Melanie up with her.

"Last one in has to be the slave girl!" She threw over her shoulder as she raced into the bathroom. Melanie ran after her, laughing out loud. This was turning out to the be the start of a very good working relationship!