 The full time whistle blared out and the two teams made their way off the court, one a lot happier than the other. Leading her team back into the changing room, Shannon pushed the door so hard that it nearly came off its hinges; such was the level of her anger.

"What the fuck was that?" she raged at her team mates, who were now slumped on the benches, waiting for the usual post match bollocking.

"39-15.....39-15....I mean....for fuck sake, we must be one of the worst teams they've ever had in this league!"

This was probably true, so far this season Bifflewade Arrows had not exactly covered themselves in glory. Sitting rock bottom of the league and with this latest hammering being their ninth straight defeat in a row, it was hardly surprising that morale was low amongst them. This wasn't really helped by Shannon, the team's goalkeeper and rather overbearing captain; she was a buxom blonde in her mid twenties, about size 16 who stood around 5' 9''. The rest of the team were getting a little fed up with her attitude, her constant bitching, the way she blamed everyone else but herself for the team's poor performance and how she thought she was the only decent player. The problem was no one really had the guts to stand up to her, apart from Bethany, the team's goal shooter, but even she wouldn't push it too far. She was about the same age as Shannon, a slender brunette, about 5' 6'' in height with pretty features and brown eyes. Her and Shannon had never really hit it off ever since the team was formed, with her resenting the fact the big girl had appointed herself captain without any real discussion, referring to it as 'her' team. As Shannon continued her latest tirade of abuse, Bethany quietly slipped out of her yellow and black uniform and went for a shower.

"As per usual, I'm left trying to fend off a shit storm because I've got virtually no fucking defence in front of me," she scowled, throwing a dirty look at Rachel.

Rachel played goal defence; she was a small shy 20 year old with mousey hair which Shannon seemed to take great pleasure in picking on, it was a mystery to the others why she hadn't quit.

"Sorry," she said quietly, looking down at the floor, "I'll try harder next time."

"Oh that's fucking big of you!" Shannon scoffed, "I shall look forward to that!"

"Oh come on Shan, it wasn't all her fault," said Naseen, "We were all equally to blame."

"Really Naz?" the big girl said, slightly softening her tone, "because from where I was standing, she was bloody hopeless."

Naseen played centre; a beautiful Indian girl in her early twenties, she seemed to be the only one that had a sort of calming influence on Shannon. She had played peacemaker between her and Bethany on more than one occasion and her patience was now starting to wear a little thin, with both of them if she was honest; although she had noticed that the big girl never really picked on her and had even caught her looking at her in the shower a couple of times, quickly averting her gaze. Standing at about 5' 7'' and a slender size 10 with black shoulder length hair, seductive brown eyes and beautiful dark olive skin, she really was quite stunning.

"I just don't think you should place the all the blame on one individual," she said, slipping out of her uniform.

"Alright, if that's the way you want it Naz, I thought you were all shit, I don't know why I fucking bother!"

"No, neither do we," said a voice behind her.

Shannon turned round to find Bethany leaning against the wall with just a towel wrapped around her.

"And what the fuck do you mean by that remark?" the big girl challenged.

"Well, as usual you can't wait to slag everyone else off, but you won't take any responsibility yourself, like a real captain would."

"Why should I? I worked my arse off out there; it could have been twice as bad if it wasn't for me!"

"Bullshit!" Bethany laughed, "My Nan could have stopped half of them shots that got past you!"

"Well if you'd have scored a few more down the other end, it might have helped!" Shannon scowled.

"I could have done, but they had a goalkeeper, unlike us!" the brunette sniped back.

"You fuckin..."

"Oh for God sake you two, give it a rest!" Naseen moaned, "Do we have to have this after every game?"

"Don't blame me Naz, blame our glorious leader here, she always starts this shit," smirked Bethany.

"Oh and I suppose you think you could do better job than me heh?" Shannon said menacingly, squaring up to her rival.

"A fucking chimpanzee could do a better job than you!" Bethany mocked.

The big girl tore away the brunette's towel and pushed her, sending her sprawling to the floor, catching a glancing knock on her face from a locker on the way down. Rubbing her cheek and trying to hold back her tears, she picked up her towel, put it back on and sat down.

"Anyone else?" Shannon asked, stripping off.

"Shan please, don't," said Naseen.

"No, I didn't think so," she smirked, "you gutless bitches, I'm going for a shower."

With that, the big girl grabbed her towel and went into the shower.

"Bloody hell Beth, are you alright?" asked Lauren, the team's wing attacker.

"Yeah yeah, I'm fine, fuckin' bitch," replied Bethany, still rubbing her face.

"Jesus, you've got a really nasty bruise there."

"Honestly Loz, I'm fine," she said, trying to reassure her friend.

Lauren was the baby of the team, a pretty little 18 year old who wore her hair in dreadlocks dyed yellow and black, the team's colours. She was a happy go lucky sort of girl and was actually quite a good player, not that it saved her from Shannon's vicious tongue, who said she was a skank because she had a different boyfriend every five minutes. This, of course wasn't true, Lauren had only ever had two boyfriends and she just put Shannon's attitude down to jealousy. As far as the rest of the team knew, Shannon had never had a boyfriend, which wasn't that much of a surprise, I mean, who would want to go out with a bitch like her?

"I'm sick of her thinking that this is her team!" stormed Bethany.

"What can we do?" said Rachel quietly, still looking down at the floor.

"Plenty, if you lot will help me, what about you two?" the brunette asked, turning to Kelly and Julie.

The two girls looked at each other and shrugged. Kelly was a skinny redhead in her late twenties who played goal attack, whilst Julie was a stocky little 19 year old with brown hair in pigtails and was the team's wing defence. The pair were quite close and spent a lot of time together away from the team, leading to Shannon labelling them a pair of dykes; they weren't really that bothered what she called them, just shrugging it off as another example of Shannon being her obnoxious self, saying anything to try and get a reaction. They actually thought she kept saying it to try and cover up her own leanings, which had been the subject of much discussion and rumour amongst the rest of the team.

"Hmm, I don't know, we don't really want any trouble," said Julie anxiously.

"It won't be any trouble, there's six of us, I just think it's about time that bitch was taken down a peg or two," Bethany huffed, "she has upset each and every one of us at one time or another."

"What exactly have you got in mind?" Naseen asked cautiously.

"Don't worry, it's nothing too cruel, just enough to humiliate her a little and perhaps confirm or dispel our suspicions." the brunette smiled wickedly, raising her eyebrows.

"As long as you don't push it too far," said Rachel.

"Well I'm up for it," chirped Lauren, "should be a good laugh."

"Well, what about the rest of you, are you in?" Bethany asked.

As she looked round the room, one by one they all nodded.

"Right, this is what we'll do"............

************************************************************

Shannon turned off the shower and dried herself down with the towel; wrapping it round her, she strolled back into the changing room and over to her locker. Looking round, she found the room to be empty, or at least she thought it was. Shrugging, she was about to open her locker when she felt hands grabbing her arms and legs.

"What the fu.......get...off me!" she shrieked.

"Get her over to the bench!" ordered Bethany.

Ripping off her towel, the now naked girls dragged her across the room. Un-surprisingly, this was easier said than done, even with six of them the big girl put up a lot of resistance. Eventually they got her face down on the bench, Julie and Kelly held down her arms, whilst Naseen and Lauren held down her legs.

"You fucking bunch of tramps, let me go!" the big girl growled.

"Shut the fuck up, bitch!" Bethany hissed, kneeling down in front of her.

"You are so fuckin' dead when I get off here!"

"Oooooh, I'm soooo scared," the brunette laughed, "for the moment Shannon dear, you are going nowhere."

Looking up, Bethany saw Rachel standing awkwardly in the corner; sensing she might back out, she smiled at her reassuringly.

"Come on Rachel, like we agreed."

"Erm....I...just."

"Do it, now!" Bethany ordered.

Picking up a plimsoll, the shy girl came over and tapped Shannon on her big jiggling ass cheeks.

"Don't tickle her," Bethany laughed, "fuckin' hit her with it!"

"You haven't got the guts, little girl," Shannon mocked.

"I told you, shut the fuck up!" scowled Bethany, grabbing the big girl's hair and pulling her head back, "Do it properly this time."

Rachel raised the plimsoll and brought it crashing down hard, a loud 'thwack' echoing round the room.

"AAAAAOOOOOWWW.......OHHHH...FUCKIN JESUS!"

The girls all laughed as Shannon tried to wriggle free.

"Yeah, you fuckin felt that one didn't you?" Bethany whispered.

"Again!" said the brunette, turning to Rachel.

Thinking of all the times the captain had belittled and humiliated her, Rachel landed four more blows across the big girl's rear, making her scream.

"AAAAAAGGGHHH.....FFFFUUUUCCKK.....YOU LITTLE BITCH!"

"Yeah, go on Rache, thrash her ass!" Lauren whooped.

The mousey haired girl really started to enjoy herself, thrashing the big girl harder and harder, so much so that Bethany had to get her to stop.

"AAAAAAGGGHH....OH GOD.....PLEASE.....PLEEEASE!"

"Woah, that's enough Rache, stop a minute," said Bethany, taking the plimsoll off her.

"Oh thank God," Shannon gasped.

"We're not finished with you yet!" said Bethany coldly, "right, who'd like a go next?"

"I will," beamed Lauren.

Swapping places with Rachel, she took the plimsoll and gently tapped Shannon's big chunky ass.

"You fuckin bitch!" the big girl groaned.

A devious smile spread across Lauren's face as she crashed down blow after blow on to her trapped victim, her screams getting louder and louder.

"AAAAAAAGGGHH......FUCK.....NO....NO....NOOOO!"

"We need to quieten her down," said Bethany, stroking her chin and looking round.

"Hang on, I've got it," smiled Lauren, going over to her clothes and picking up her red satin panties. Strolling over to Shannon, she then knelt down by the big girl and grabbed her chin.

"Open your mouth!"

"Oh God no....no...you skanky bitch!" Shannon wailed, desperately trying to pull her face away.

"Open your fuckin mouth, bitch!" snarled the young girl, pushing the panties in.

"Ohhhhh....fffuck....mmmffffff!"

"You'd better keep them there!" Bethany warned, "Or I'll hold them in."

The big girl nodded and whimpered, almost in tears.

Lauren went back around and resumed her assault, raining down blows on Shannon's bright red, burning ass cheeks.

"AAAAOOOOWWWFFF........FFFUUCCK......NNNOOOO!"

"Fuckin' dare call me a skank, you venomous bitch!" Lauren scowled, landing six more hard blows, much to the delight of the others.

"AAAAAOOOWWWFF.......MMMMFFFFF.....UUUUUUHHHH!"

Unable to take the pain any longer, she spat out the panties; coughing and gasping as the tears rolled down her face, she begged her captors.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please no more, pleeease!" she sobbed.

"Awww, did the nasty girl hit you too hard?" Bethany teased as the others laughed.

"Please stop, please," she groaned softly.

"Oh that's not really fair is it? Not everyone has had a go yet," the brunette smirked.

"Please," Shannon begged, "I'll do anything you want."

"Anything?" asked Bethany.

"Anything, I promise."

"Hmm, okay then," the ringleader smiled, "turn her over."

Picking her up off the bench, the girls turned her round and laid her back on the bench, holding her down by her arms and legs once more.

"Now, they always say that the best captains earn the respect of their team mates," said Bethany, pacing round the bench, "so we're going to offer you the opportunity to do just that, okay?"

"Okay," the big girl nodded, wincing at the burning sensation in her ass cheeks.

"Right, go on Rachel, you're first," the brunette smiled.

Slowly pacing over, the mousey haired girl straddled the bench and positioned herself so that her pussy was directly over Shannon's face.

"Oh God, what are you doing?" Shannon asked anxiously, her blue eyes widening.

"Shhh, you'll put her off," Bethany whispered, gently stroking the big girl's hair.

Rachel slipped her hand between her legs and began to rub her pussy as she smiled down on her trapped captain, the look of helplessness on her face making her clit swell and throb as she rubbed harder.

"Oh no," Shannon groaned, realising what was about to happen.

"Ohhh yes," said Bethany softly.

Rachel moaned lustfully as she rubbed her clit faster, bringing her ever closer to release; closing her eyes and throwing her head back, she cried out as the climax totally engulfed her.

"Ohhhh yeah.....yeeaah.......yyyyeeeaaahh!"

"Open your mouth, now!" growled Bethany.

The big girl obeyed, closing her eyes.

"Ohhh yyyeeaaahh....drink it bitch!" Rachel gasped as she squirted over and over, completely drenching Shannon's face. The big girl coughed and gagged as the cum trickled into her mouth and hit the back of her throat.

"Oh fuck," Shannon groaned as Rachel got off the bench and planted a kiss on her lips.

"Thank you," she whispered, stroking the big girl's soaked hair.

"Right, come on Kelly, your turn," Bethany quipped.

Rachel took Kelly's place, holding Shannon's arm as the redhead straddled the bench.

"Keep your mouth open," Bethany warned Shannon, gripping her nipples and twisting them.

"Aaaahh, ow ow okay okay!" the big girl winced.

Kelly was now in position, her pussy just inches above Shannon's face. Smiling wickedly down on her, the redhead began to stroke her clit, her pussy getting wetter as she tormented the trapped girl.

"You want this? You want this heh bitch?" she whispered, thrusting her fingers inside.

Shannon closed her eyes and whimpered.

"Answer her!" barked Bethany, twisting her nipples again.

"Aaaaggh....ohhh God....yes...yes I want it!" the captain sobbed, her mouth wide open.

"Oh fuck yeah that's it!" Kelly wailed, thrusting her fingers harder into her throbbing snatch.

"Go on Kelly, drench the bitch!" whooped Julie, spurring her friend on.

"Ohhh...oh God....it's coming.....yyeeah!" she gasped, moving closer to Shannon's face.

"Oh no, no!" the big girl moaned, "please!"

"OOHHHHHH...HHAA.....HHHHAAAA....FFFUUUCK......YYYYEEEEAAAAHH!"

Unable to hold on any longer, Kelly screamed ecstatically as cum burst from her pussy, splashing on to Shannon's face. The big girl gasped and coughed as she swallowed the sweet juice; as her climax subsided, the redhead got off the bench and kissed her captain passionately on the lips.

"Right Julie, you're next," smiled Bethany.

"Oh God, can we stop for a moment? Please!" Shannon groaned, cum still dripping from her face and hair on to the floor.

"Hmm, is that alright with you Julie?" the brunette asked.

"Okay Beth," the little stocky girl shrugged, adjusting her pigtails.

"You've got two minutes," Bethany whispered, giving the big girl a peck on the cheek.

"Thank you."

As the girls held her down, they slid their hands all over her body, gently massaging her soft voluptuous curves. The big girl groaned wantonly as she felt one of the girl's hands slip between her legs and begin to rub soft moist folds of her pussy. A few moments later, Julie straddled over Shannon's face. The sight of the pretty pigtailed girl stroking her clit just above her, mixed with the sensation of the fingers being thrust into her rapidly wetting snatch sent the big girl's senses reeling.

"Oh God yes, give it to me," she groaned lustfully, as Julie moved closer.

"Ohh yeaah, you like that?" Julie whispered, rubbing harder.

"Yeah, come on give it me, squirt it!" growled Shannon, thrusting her hips on to the fingers torturing her dripping cunt.

"Oh God yeeah, here it comes bitch, open your mouth!"

The big girl opened her mouth as Julie threw her head back and let out a guttural roar, squirting a flood of cum straight on to her face.

"OOHHHHHHHH........YYYYEEEEEAAAHH.....SWALLOW IT BITCH!"

Shannon coughed and gargled as she tried to swallow as much of the sweet juice as she could, trying to prove she could meet any challenge the bitches set her.

"Oh fuck yeeaah," she groaned as Julie got off and kissed her.

"Good girl," she whispered, running her fingers through Shannon's cum soaked hair.

"Me next," chirped Lauren eagerly.

"Yeaah, come on bitch, show me what you've got!" the big blonde hissed, still thrusting on to the fingers.

Julie took Lauren's place holding down Shannon's leg while Lauren straddled the big girl, slowly inching her shaved pussy towards her face.

"You want this, bitch?" the dreadlocked girl teased, "You want my pussy?"

"Yeeah, yeah.....oh God," Shannon groaned, trying to lift her head.

"Come on, kiss it," Lauren whispered lustfully, sliding her fingers over the moist lips.

Lauren slowly moved closer until the big blonde could reach and then grabbed the back of her head, forcing her mouth on to her swollen clit.

"Hmmmffff......mmmm!"

"Yeeaah, lick it!"

"Oh God, please!" Shannon gasped, fighting for breath and trying to pull her head away.

"Let her go Loz," said Bethany softly.

Reluctantly, Lauren released the Shannon's head; the big girl gasping as her tormentor smiled down and pulled at her drenched hair.

"Oww...bitch!"

"Yeah, who looks like the skank now?" laughed Lauren, smearing her wet fingers over Shannon's face, "come on, lick them!"

The big blonde obeyed, licking feverishly at the young girl's fingers before she took them away and started to rub her pussy, massaging her clit with her thumb.

"Open wide."

"Yeah come on bitch, give it me, give it me all!" Shannon growled, opening her mouth.

Thrusting her fingers deeper, Lauren closed her eyes and let out a euphoric moan as she felt the orgasm surging within her. Unable to hold back any longer, the young girl screamed as she showered the big blonde's face.

"OHHHHH.....YYYYEEEEAAHHH.............YYYYEEEEEAAAAAHH!"

Shannon groaned wantonly as her face was drenched for a fourth time; her mouth eagerly swallowing Lauren's warm torrent as the young girl continued to humiliate her captain.

"Yeeeaah, fuckin drink it you skank!"

"Oh God, yeeeaaahh," the big blonde groaned, "more....please."

Lauren got off and kissed Shannon's drenched lips, pushing her tongue deep into her mouth; the big girl responded, groaning lustfully as their tongues entwined. Eventually the young girl broke off the kiss and went over to her locker.

"Okay Naz, your turn," said Bethany, beckoning to her.

"Oh no," Shannon groaned knowing she wouldn't be able to stop herself. As Lauren took her place holding the big blonde's leg, Naseen stood hesitantly by the bench.

"Erm...I'm not...sure...I..."

"Come on Naz, we all agreed, didn't we?" smiled the brunette.
