 Melanie lay naked and oiled on a chaise lounge, feeling the heat of the Mexico sun toasting her skin a golden brown. She knew it was bad for her but thought, what the hell. She had been cooped up under the glare of fluorescent office lighting for the past six months and she figured she could use some vitamin D.

Without opening her eyes, Mel reached over to the side table to retrieve the glass of sangria Diana had poured for her. She took a few sips and settled back against the cushions of the chaise. She was supremely relaxed and couldn't help almost feeling guilty. Of course, there was no reason to. The DeRossi campaign launch had been a huge success and the partners had all acknowledged that it was because of her hard work and dedicated. She deserved this vacation. Even so, it was taking awhile to really relax and realize that she hadn't left anything undone.

She was sound asleep when Diana came back from her swim a half hour later. She stood drying herself with her towel and watching her lover sleep. She smiled and then looked a little pensive, thinking that this vacation was exactly what both of them needed. She had booked the private villa in Cozumel months earlier, surprising Melanie with it after the launch party. But although their relationship was still going strong, Diana felt like their sex life had become a bit stagnant. The months up to the launch and the weeks between it and their vacation, sex had become a once or twice a week thing. Despite Diana's trying of new bedroom tricks, Melanie sometimes seemed almost bored. Diana bit her lip. It was probably just her imagination. After all, when they made love last night, Melanie had come twice, crying out Diana's name each time.

Diana finished toweling off and leaned over to kiss Melanie's slack mouth. The villa they were staying in was extremely remote, with a private beach all their own. They had taken to swimming and sunbathing naked and Diana's skin was also tanned a burnished gold. At Diana's kiss, Melanie murmured sleepily. She opened her eyes and shielded them against the glare of the sun. Diana was leaning over her with her hands on the arms of the chaise, her glorious tanned breasts tipped with raspberry nipples hung temptingly in front of Melanie's face. She leaned forward and took those perfect globes in her hands, squeezing them together and flicking her tongue over the taut nubs. Diana submitted with purring pleasure. She loved it when Melanie sucked on her tits and she loved the delicious ache that it created that radiated down to her cunt. But sooner that she would have liked, Melanie released her breasts and sat back against the chaise, once again picking up her drink.

"Nice swim?" she asked languidly, putting her arm up behind her head and closing her eyes again.

"Ummm...yeah. The water's great." Diana replied, a bit sulkily. She was beginning to think it wasn't just stress, that maybe Melanie was losing interest. She sat pouting for a moment, mentally willing Mel to look over and see that she was pissed. But Melanie appeared to have drifted off again. Diana stood.

"I'm going to go shower." She said shortly. "Mmm 'kay" replied Mel. Diana grabbed her towel and stalked into the house.

As she entered the open living room, she was a bit startled to see Amelia, the maid that had come with the villa, cleaning the kitchen. Amelia turned around and, seeing that Diana was completely nude, cast her eyes down embarrassed.

"Disculpe, Señora! I did not know you would be....here." Her cheeks were red and she was making a valiant attempt to look anywhere but at Diana. Diana wrapped the towel around her torso.

"It's okay, Amelia – I'm sorry to have startled you." Diana looked thoughtfully at Amelia as she returned to her cleaning. She was a gorgeous Latina with rich black hair and dark flashing eyes. Even in her prim maid's uniform Diana could see that Amelia had a beautiful body with large breasts and a round firm ass. Diana had caught Amelia once or twice, watching she and Melanie kiss each other, or caress on the couch. She even thought that Amelia might have been watching them the day after they arrived, when they had made love outside on the lounge. She could swear she saw a movement in the glass door, but couldn't be sure. She put her finger up to her lips and tilted her head thoughtfully. Maybe Amelia was just what they needed to get out their sexual rut.

"Amelia," she said, perching on a barstool at the kitchen counter. "Are you doing anything special tonight?"

"N-n-no, Señora." Amelia replied, blushing again. She was horribly shy around the Señora, having harboured a little crush on her since they had arrived. Diana's red hair and lush body had tantalized her and, after indeed seeing them having sex on the patio, she had been fantasizing non-stop about them both. She knew it was wrong, but she couldn't help it. The night before, she had lain in bed in her parent's house, masturbating frantically and biting her lip to keep from crying out and waking everybody. Although she wasn't a child anymore, and had had sex with a couple of boyfriends, Amelia had never had sex with another woman. But she thought about it constantly.

"Did you need me to cook tonight for you in the villa?" Amelia asked, hoping her face didn't betray her as much as she thought it did.

"No, no!" Diana replied. "I was thinking you might join us for dinner tonight! You've done such a wonderful job taking care of us that I wanted to thank you by cooking for you for a change!" Of course she had seen the look in Amelia's eyes. She knew it wouldn't take a lot of work to get through any qualms she might have. The only thing was, she wasn't sure how Mel was going to react.

Amelia at first didn't know how to respond. She didn't know whether she was supposed to socialize with the quests, and she had never been asked before. But the thought of spending a social evening with these beautiful women overcame her hesitation.

"Muchas gracias, Señora. I would love to have dinner with you."

"Excellent! We will see you around 7:30 then. And it's just casual!" Diana slid off the barstool and headed off to the bathroom. She smiled, thinking of the fantastic direction this evening might take. Amelia smiled as well, shyly, and thought about what she would wear.

When Diana told Melanie that she had invited Amelia to join them, Melanie was at first puzzled. But then she just shrugged and said that she thought that was a great idea. Amelia seemed like a sweet girl. And when she commented to Diana how hot she thought Amelia was, Diana just smiled broadly and agreed. As Diana worked on a roast chicken and vegetables, Melanie picked up her wine glass and wandered over to switch on some music. Barefoot, sipping her wine, she began to dance slowly, moving her hips in time to the music. She saw Diana watching her and she made her movements a little more seductive. Melanie had noticed a change in Diana lately. She seemed snippy at times. And frankly, their sex life had become a bit pedestrian. She felt like an old married couple and she really wanted to get the spark back they had at the beginning. As she swayed around the room she thought maybe they should try some new things to liven up the routine a bit.

Amelia arrived at 7:30 and was ushered in by Melanie. She shyly allowed her coat to be taken and to take the glass of wine Melanie offered. She still wasn't sure what to do with herself and felt odd not being the one behind the stove or in front of the sink. Most of the vacationers who rented the villa barely acknowledged her existence and most thought she could not speak English. They would speak slowly and loudly to her in English, or in some twisted form of Spanglish, as if that would help. Although she spoke English like a native, it amused her to pretend to not understand , just to hear them make fools of themselves. Amelia was in college, with the goal of someday becoming a lawyer. She worked as a maid in her off hours in order to put herself through school.

Diana greeted her warmly and the three of them chatted while Diana finished preparing dinner. It wasn't long before Amelia had lost her constraint and was talking freely about her life, her studies and interests. Melanie and Diana listened, enchanted. This girl was not only beautiful, but she was smart and utterly charming as well. By the time the meal was over, they all felt as if they were old friends. Diana wandered around, turning down the lights and putting Sade on the cd player --- the seductive sounds of Sade never failed to make her feel sexy. Amelia was sitting on the couch next to Melanie. Diana took her own glass and sat next to Amelia, tucking up her bare feet. For her part, Amelia was feeling fantastic. The combination of good wine and the admiration she was feeling from her hostesses was making her lose any residual shyness. Even so, she couldn't help noticing that both Diana and Melanie often gazed at her with more than just friendly interest in their eyes. The thought of it both scared and excited her, and she wondered what might happen next.

Diana twirled her hair around her finger, sipping her wine and watching Amelia and Melanie chat. She was wondering how she could move things along. There was definitely a vibe, but she didn't want to just jump the gun. She might scare Amelia off and although she didn't think so, she was a little unsure of how Melanie might react. She suddenly had an idea. She started to stand up from the couch and "accidentally" spilled her red wine down the front of Amelia's white blouse.

"Oh my god, Amelia! I am so sorry!" Looking aghast, Diana quickly set down her wine glass and pulled Amelia to her feet. "I can't believe how clumsy I am!"

"No, no...it's all right, Señora! I will just get a towel." Amelia was dabbing at the stain with a cocktail napkin but it was futile. Melanie was trying to help her.

"Wait – some club soda will take that out. Just give me your blouse and I'll rinse it out in the sink." Diana gestured to Amelia to remove her blouse. Melanie's eyes lit up.

"Yes! That's the only way to get out the stain before it sets!" She was thrilled with the turn of events. She had been trying to figure out all night how to get Amelia naked so the three of them could get to know each other better. This was the perfect opportunity. Amelia unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off, handing it to Diana. She was in a plain white bra that had a pink splotch on it from the wine soaking through.

"You'd better take off your bra, too, Amelia...we can put that in the sink with the blouse." Diana couldn't believe how well her ruse was working! Amelia reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra and slipped it off. Her bountiful breasts spilled free, the dark red buds of her nipples a contrast to her cappucino skin. She crossed her arms self-consciously and looked at Melanie and Diana. Diana had to make sure she didn't actually lick her lips and Melanie looked as though Amelia were a delicious bon-bon and she was ready to take a bite. They both got hold of themselves and as Diana took the garments to the kitchen, Melanie led the girl back to the couch.

"You don't have to be shy," she said. "It's just us girls. Amelia, has anyone ever told you what beautiful breasts you have? I wish mine were as big and firm as yours! Mine are so small I feel like a boy sometimes!"

"No, Miss Melanie! You are a very beautiful woman!" Amelia was acutely aware of the attention her naked breasts were getting from both of the other women. Diana had come back and sat on the couch, Amelia between her and Melanie. Amelia felt heat rising to her face as she realized what was about to happen. She was a little scared, but more than that she was tremendously excited. She squeezed her thighs together as she felt a tingle start in her pussy and her panties become wet with her juices. Diana and Melanie glanced at each other and smiled. They both realized that they were completely in synch with what was about to happen.

"Amelia, why don't you relax and get comfortable." Diana said, pressing Amelia's shoulders gently back against the cushions. Amelia's arms were still crossed over her chest, but not as tightly as before. Diana brushed the hair away from Amelia's forehead and then leaned forward.

"Have you ever been kissed by a woman, Amelia?" Amelia shook her head slowly.

"Don't worry...I think you'll like it."

Diana took Amelia's face gently into her hands, pressing a light kiss to her lips. She drew back to see the girl's reaction. Amelia's eyes were closed and her mouth was slightly open, waiting for what was next. Diana smiled at Mel and brought her mouth back to Amelia's, this time with more pressure. She tentatively explored Amelia's soft lips with the tip of her tongue, thrilling when the girl whimpered in response to Diana's kisses. Diana shifted now, increasing the depth of the kiss until she felt Amelia's tongue slip between her lips. She sucked gently on the girl's virgin tongue and Amelia moaned. She had never been kissed like this before. It was like drowning in syrup.

As Diana continued to teach Amelia the wonders of kissing, Melanie was stroking their hair and watching, enraptured. Diana had not touched the girl at all, other than with her lips. But Melanie could see the red buds of Amelia's nipples tighten and rise to hard points, simply from the sensations of kissing. Melanie couldn't hold back. She bent and took one of the luscious tips into her mouth and began to suck steadily. Amelia's eyes flew open and she arched her back as the sensations of Melanie's sucking coursed through her. Diana bent then and captured the other nipple, both of them sucking and licking at the rigid nubs. Amelia was moaning, completely lost in the feeling of her breasts being worshipped by the two women. Without realizing it, she was writhing on the couch, moving in such a way to stimulate the delicious ache between her legs.

Melanie and Diana alternated between Amelia's luscious breasts and her swollen, tender lips. At times they all were kissing each other, Amelia's arms around each of the others, their tongues intertwined. Diana stealithy let one hand slip lower and lower until they finally were at the waistband of Amelia's jeans. With the other she was gently squeezing Amelia's nipple. Amelia was hardly aware of Diana undoing the snap and lowering the zipper of her jeans. It wasn't until Diana slipped a hand under the waistband of her panties and found the hot wet center of her sex did she become conscious. But she was past the point of protesting. All she wanted, all that was important, was for Diana to continue her exploration. She gasped against Melanie's mouth when Diana's fingers found her firm clit. She almost went out of her mind as Diana pressed the button of flesh firmly, knowing exactly how to touch Amelia.

"Ay dios mio...por favor...por favor..." Amelia moaned, thrusting her hips and pressing her cunt against Diana's hand. This only enflamed Diana. She slipped off the couch between Amelia's legs and removed her shoes and pulled off her jeans. Melanie was watching Diana, enthralled by her lover's excitement. As Diana threw the clothes aside, Melanie stripped off her own clothes and positioned herself behind Amelia. Amelia allowed herself to lay back against Melanie's chest, thrilling as the more experienced woman slipped her hands around and cupped the young girl's swollen breasts. Diana had also removed her clothes and was kneeling on the couch between Amelia's legs. Amelia's eyes fluttered open and gazed at Diana.

"Please, Señora...I cannot wait. Please....touch my pussy..." she whispered urgently. Her excitement had completely wiped away her shyness. She spread her legs in invitation.

Diana sighed in delight to see the girl's pussy, hidden beneath the virginal white cotton of her panties. For a moment she only looked, loving the way the girl's light line of pubic hair was just visible. She ran a finger lightly over the mound, feeling the wetness that had gathered there. Amelia's eyes were closed, waiting for Diana's touch. She wasn't even aware that she was moving her ass up and down, willing Diana to begin. Diana slowly pulled the crotch of Amelia's panties aside, revealing the swollen pink lips of the girl's pussy. Her clit was already erect, ready to be pleasured. Diana bent her head and inhaled the heady fragrance. Blowing lightly on the soft curls framing her pussy lips, she then slowly took the tidbit of sensitive flesh into her avid mouth. Amelia arched her back and cried out. Diana licked at sucked at the girl's clit. She went lower and thrust her tongue as far as it would go into Amelia's opening. She wet her finger with the girl's pussy juice and inserted it slowly into Amelia's asshole. She was making love to every part of Amelia's pussy and ass. As she sucked again hard on Amelia's clit, she glanced up at her face. She was gasping and crying out with pleasure. No one had ever eaten her pussy like this. Her boyfriends at the most had paid perfunctory attention, but only a moment before they went right to fucking her. This was different. She was gasping and thrashing around --- her pussy was on fire and she was terrified that Diana would stop before. She felt the tingle of her very first orgasm begin in her toes. As it freight-trained through her body, she suddenly screamed and arched up from the couch. It was as if her entire body was electrified and her cunt was pulsing as she came. Diana's fingers were buried in Amelia's cunt and she could feel the muscles convulsing as Amelia came. The girl fell back against Melanie, gasping and panting to catch her breath. Diana bent again to lap at the warm honey dripping from the girl's pussy as Melanie stroked the girl's hair and forehead.

"Oh my god...oh my god....Señora...I've never felt like that before...how did you..." she was almost incoherent. Diana moved up and kissed the girl's tender mouth.

"You're so beautiful, Amelia. I hope I didn't frighten you, but I couldn't help it."

"No, no! It was wonderful!" Amelia looked up at Diana with an expression of satisfaction. "Perhaps...there is something I can do?"

Diana smiled and glanced up at Melanie. Amelia followed her gaze, looking back at Mel also. She turned over so that she lay on top of Melanie. Smiling shyly, she moved her head down and began to suck and lick Melanie's taut nipples. She flicked them rapidly with her tongue, as they had done to her and she was delighted when what she was doing made Melanie moan and made the nipple rigid. Stroking her hand down Mel's arm, Amelia took her hand in her own and slipped Mel's index finger into her mouth. She sucked lightly on it also and Melanie was shocked at how erotic it felt. Releasing Mel's finger, Amelia moved down her body, kissing and stroking. Diana had slid to the floor and was sipping her wine, watching her lover be pleasured by this lovely Latin beauty. She was loving watching Mel's excitement building and she could feel her own temperature rising.

Amelia was kissing Melanie's tummy and flicking her bellybutton with her tongue. Melanie moaned softly and pushed her pelvis up toward the girl in invitation. Amelia smiled and continued her exploration of Melanie's body, lifting her leg to press warm kisses on the insides of Melanie's thighs. She could clearly see the glistening pink lips of Mel's delicious pussy, swollen with desire, and she could hardly control herself. She placed Mel's leg up on the back of the couch and pushed her other leg to the floor. Mel's cunt was completely exposed and she almost couldn't stand the torment of Amelia not touching her.

"Please...for god's sake...." She begged, moving her hips. Amelia bent forward and lightly touched the deep pink node of flesh. Melanie groaned louder and reached up behind her, arching her back. Amelia rubbed Mel's clit harder, knowing how it felt when she did this to herself. She slipped her finger into Mel's opening, coating her finger with the warm juices and bringing it to her lips. This was the first time she had tasted another woman and found that it was salty and earthy, not at all unpleasant. Emboldened now, she lay between Melanie's legs and held the lips of her pussy open with her fingers. She began to flick Mel's clit rapidly with her tongue, forming it into a hard arrow point to tease the bit of sensitive flesh. She was moving her head back and forth, alternately licking and sucking. Melanie's hips were moving as well, pushing her cunt into Amelia's mouth. She was gasping and moaning and Diana couldn't stand it any longer. She moved up to Melanie's head and slid her tongue into Mel's mouth while her fingers sought Mel's rock hard nipple. Melanie reached between Diana's legs and caressed her firm clit rapidly, mirroring what Amelia was doing with her tongue. Amelia had knit three finger of her hand and was moving them in and out of Melanie's pussy, the knuckes pressing against Melanie's g-spot. Melanie's began to buck her hips as she could feel herself starting to come.
