 For the last few weeks, Julie was desperately lonely. Her husband Michael was away on business four days a week for the next few months. For her there was just the repetition of work, cooking dinner, looking after the children, watching television and then bed. A monotonous and boring routine. She needed some adult company. She needed stimulation. And she needed sex. Sure they had lots while he was home. But four days was a long time to wait.

She needed something to occupy herself; something adult to do. She wandered around the house, looking for inspiration. Suddenly, it hit her, the piano! They bought it for the children, but the piano lessons never lasted. How about lessons for her? She had lessons for a few years when she was younger. She was sure she could pick it up again. It would be fun. It would give her something to do. All she needs is a teacher.

She looked through the local service directory and saw what she was after. Stephanie, Piano Teacher. Basic and advanced students. There was a mobile telephone number. She rang the number and left a message on Stephanie’s voicemail.

A couple of hours later, Stephanie rang back. Stephanie explained that she was a University student, half – way through her music degree, and she had a number of students. She tried to visit students in their own homes if possible. Julie thought that was perfect. She made arrangements for their lessons to be each Monday at five o’clock for an hour. Julie was so excited, she couldn’t wait.

LESSON ONE

Just before five and the bell rings. Julie answers the door and her breath is taken away. It was Stephanie. Wow, she’s a knockout. Tall, slim, beautiful. A long slinky dress emphasises her height; she must be l80cm. The voice is Australian but the face is Asian. That explains her slimness, but her height? In any case it’s straight to business. “Let’s get started”, Stephanie said. Julie showed the piano to Stephanie. She hadn’t used the electric ones much, and she tried it out. Pretty good she thought. Julie was amazed at her playing. If only she ever could be half as good as that…

They sat side by side on the black seat. As Stephanie took her through some basic exercises to gauge her experience, Julie had trouble concentrating. It isn’t everyday that you sit up close to a young Goddess. Stephanie is quite pleased that Julie was right, she did remember quite a bit of piano from her younger days. They tried a few simple tunes together and Stephanie marked her lesson book with the items she should practice over the next week.

Julie quickly grabbed her bag to pay for the lesson. She hands the money to Stephanie and kisses her. “My word, no-one has ever kissed me for a lesson before.”

“Same time next week?”

“Sure,” with that typical accent. Stephanie was more Australian than Julie would ever be.

Julie practiced her pieces most nights. It was good to have something to do while Michael was away. Every time she sat at the piano, she thought of Stephanie sitting beside her. It was hard to stop her mind from wandering.

LESSON TWO

Same time next Monday and Stephanie is back. Her clothes are more casual. The latest low hipsters and a short top, exposing and emphasising her flat brown tummy. The young girls have all the luck. Again it was straight to business. The lesson makes more progress; Julie’s practicing had helped. Stephanie is quite pleased. Despite this, Julie’s mind keeps drifting to what she would like to do with this beautiful girl. She would strip her, she would kiss her from head to toe, she would worship her and she would make love with her. She could feel wetness between her legs.

After the lesson was over, Julie paid her and then asked her if she wanted to stay for a cup of tea. “That would be lovely,” Stephanie replied.

They drank some tea together and talked about nothing in particular. Julie found that Stephanie was in the second year of her music degree and that she was 19.

After their tea was finished, Stephanie suggested that it was time for her to go. Julie got up, put both arms around Stephanie’s waist for a light hug and again kissed her on the lips. Stephanie said nothing, she didn’t pull away, she didn’t seem embarrassed. But it was time for her to go.

LESSON THREE

The next Monday and Julie was looking forward to her lesson all day. Just before five and the bell rings. Stephanie has arrived and she doesn’t disappoint. Toady she is dressed in a simple t-shirt and short shorts. The shorts emphasise her long legs and slim but rounded bottom. Indignantly, Julie thinks that no girl should look so perfect.

Julie feels decidedly awkward sitting close to Stephanie when she is dressed in such skimpy clothing. She can feel her skin rubbing against Stephanie’s soft legs. Accidentally, she brushes Stephanie’s thigh with her hand. No response. While Stephanie makes some notes on Julie’s lesson book, Julie rests her hand on Stephanie’s slender leg. Stephanie takes Julie’s hand and puts it back where it belongs. Oh well.

Julie offers tea and again Stephanie accepts. This time, Julie steers the subject around to Stephanie’s personal life. She was born in Australia and her parents were from Hong Kong. Her mother is Chinese and her father is European. That explains her height, Julie thought.

“That means you’re like me,” Julie suggested.

“In what way?”

“Well, my Grandmothers were African and my Grandfathers were European,” Julie clarified.

“Oh, I see. Yes, I suppose we are alike in a way.”

“Any boys in your life?”

“No, not at the moment. I had a boyfriend a year or so ago, but I don’t think either of us were ready then.”

“Any girls?”

“Definitely not!”

The tea is finished and it is time to go. Again Julie loosely hugs Stephanie and kisses her; this time the kiss lingers longer, more passionately. Stephanie doesn’t resist. Julie needs to make her move. “I would like to show you something that an 18 year old boy couldn’t”

Stephanie left Julie’s comment unanswered.

LESSON FOUR

Monday was hot. As she answered the door, Julie mused whether or not her clothes were for her benefit. In any case, Stephanie was wearing a bikini top and another pair of short shorts. Stunning was the only word that Julie could think of.

“It’s so hot and my car is not airconditioned,” Stephanie offered as an excuse.

“That’s okay,” Julie drooled.

During the lesson, Stephanie asked if Julie went to University. 

“Yes,” Julie replied.

“Did you study University level English?”

“Yes”

“Could you help me with an English Assignment, please? I like the music subjects, but the other subjects…”

Julie said she would be happy to help, but she is a bit rusty. “When do you need it by?” Julie asked.

“This week sometime,” Stephanie replied. “Now?” Stephanie asked hopefully, “I have it in the car.”

“Okay. I’ll cook dinner for all of us and we can look at it later.”

Little did Stephanie realise that this was just the thing that Julie had been hoping for. Some casual time for the two of them.

Julie put together a meal for four. Julie, Stephanie and the two children. Later they encamp to the comfort of the lounge room to start on the assignment. Julie put on some relaxing music to help with the atmosphere. They toiled away for a few hours; much cross-referencing with Stephanie’s books was required and this slowed them down quite a bit. Stephanie sold herself short, or maybe she was only interested in perfection. She had the assignment principles well under control and Julie offered very little to what she already knew.

After a couple of hours of work they were both tired and there was at least an hour to go.

“Let’s finish tomorrow,” Stephanie suggested. “My parents are in Hong Kong and you can come to my place. Are your children going to be alright at home or can they come?”

“No, they’ll be fine at home. They look after themselves”

“Good,” Stephanie was reassured.

“You know I said that I could show you something that boys couldn’t,” Julie changed the subject. “I would dearly love to.”

“I don’t know,” Stephanie sounded tentative.

“Please think about it.”

“Okay. I’ll think about it.”

Julie was unsure as to be happy or disappointed. Maybe tomorrow will hold the answer.

THE ASSIGNMENT

This time it was Julie’s turn to make an impression. Up until now she had dressed smartly but casually for the lessons. She didn’t want to overdo things. Tonight was going to be different. She found the long black dress that was both formal and casual at the same time. It fitted well, emphasising Julie’s well – toned curves. She needed something else. Ah, the gold chain Michael bought for her birthday. She found it and clasped it around her waist. Oh yes, he is clever when it comes to what suits me.

Julie arrived at Stephanie’s house just after six. Stephanie had already prepared dinner. They eat in silence. There is more than the assignment to consider tonight.

They move to Stephanie’s room and continue on the assignment for an hour or so. After re-reading the work they did the previous night, Julie is confident it is as good as it is going to get. All Stephanie needs to do is type it on the computer. Julie is satisfied that it is a job well done and Stephanie shares the view.

“Did you think about what I could show you?” Julie asks, her hands feeling sweaty with nerves.

“Yes.”

“And?”

“Yes, please show me.”

Julie stretched, “Before we start, can I use your bathroom to freshen up?”

“Sure, two doors down on the left.”

Julie switched on the light in the bathroom and it hit her. The bathroom was huge, and in the corner was a large spa bath; big enough for three people or more. She turned on the taps. With the water running, she made her way back to Stephanie. Almost breathlessly she took her hand. “Come on,” was all she said.

Stephanie was puzzled as Julie led her to the bathroom. She saw the water was running and the steam rising. Julie knew what to do. She removed the chain and placed it to one side. “Please unzip me.” Nervously Stephanie unzipped her dress. Julie kicked off her shoes and peeled away the dress. Stephanie admired her; she is cute. The black bra and g-string are very becoming. Julie grabbed the gold chain and clipped it around her waist again. “Your turn.”

Stephanie can feel her heart pounding now. She loosened her jeans removed her t-shirt. Her firm young breasts stand free in the warm air. She sits on the edge of the bath to pull her jeans away. Her briefs are plain white with her black hair is visible through the material. Julie moves up close, places one arm around Stephanie’s waist and reaches up to kiss her. Stephanie is clearly nervous; her arms hang loosely by her sides. Julie holds Stephanie’s head, bringing her closer for a kiss; a kiss for passionate lovers. Willing Stephanie to relax and enjoy the pleasure to come.

Julie quickly removed her underwear. Stephanie was a little stunned, she was perfectly hairless. Julie followed Stephanie’s eyes and smiled. Stephanie followed Julie’s lead and removed her white bikini briefs. Julie sprinkled some bath salts into the steaming water. “Let’s bathe.” She climbed into the steaming water. Stephanie tied up her long hair and followed her into the froth. “Relax darling, this is going to be fun.” Julie was beside herself with excitement.

They sat beside each other. Julie found a large soft sponge and gently soaped Stephanie’s slim body. Washing her clean, washing her tension away. Julie cupped Stephanie’s head and brought her close for a kiss, wrapping her arms around her slim body. Stephanie could feel herself relaxing. The warm water, the soap the kiss, Julie’s smooth skin pressing against her; it all felt so good. She liked the feel of Julie’s soft breasts pressed into hers. This must be what Julie meant. The boy she had been with had never felt as comfortable as this. She responded by gently hugging Julie. She could feel Julie’s curves, her arms and hands rested nicely into her waist, just above her hips and bottom. So soft, so smooth, so sexy.

Julie smiled. "Don't worry." She gently began to stroke Stephanie's breast with her hand, palming at it and then running her fingers over the hard nipples. "Doesn't that feel good?" Stephanie's breathing became harder, and she nodded her head wordlessly. "This will feel even better." Julie leaned her head down, taking Stephanie's nipple into her mouth. As her lips closed around it, Stephanie moaned and arched her back, easing her breast into Julie’s face. Julie began to gently suck, her tongue flicking across the sensitive little nub. She pulled back slightly, letting the nipple fall back before she captured it again. This went on for a couple of minutes, Julie teasing Stephanie’s nipples. All the while, Stephanie moaned softly

Stephanie looked into Julie’s eyes. "Can I touch yours?"

"Please do!"

Stephanie began to slowly stroke Julie’s breasts. Her brown nipples responded, hardening, standing out, the areolas enlarging. They're so soft, Stephanie thought, staring at them for a long time, rolling the thick nipples between her fingers. Julie gently murmured with pleasure. "Stephanie, yes.”

I can't believe I'm doing this, shaking her head in disbelief as she watched her own hands stroking the breasts of another woman. Finally, she could stand it no longer, and she leaned forward, sucking the thick, brown nipple of Julie’s breast into her mouth.

It was a perfect fit between her lips. It felt warm and soft, but solid. She rolled it gently, sucking all the while, occasionally licking it with her wet tongue. Julie began moaning, which only turned Stephanie on more, so she moved to the other nipple and did the same to it.

Julie made her move. Below the water, she ran her hand up Stephanie’s thigh. All the way up to her pussy. She used two fingers to rub her pussy lips. Stephanie shivered with the sensation, releasing Julie’s nipple and moaning slightly. Julie continued to rub, softly and gently. Stephanie wanted her to press harder. She grabbed Julie’s hand and pressed it towards herself. Julie knew she was ready.

“Darling, sit on the edge of the bath.” She climbed out of the water and did as Julie asked. Julie spread her legs and knelt between them. She started on Stephanie’s pussy with her tongue. Stephanie shivered again with the change of feeling. Julie ran her tongue up and down those gorgeous pussy lips, allowing her arousal to build. She circled her tongue and slipped it inside the tight love tunnel; soaking up the young girls juices. Drinking in her nectar with delight. Then she moved her tongue to Stephanie’s clit, pleasuring her with a nice, gentle circular motion. Stephanie felt the ecstasy start to build inside her. No, this is what Julie must have meant.

Julie took Stephanie’s clit between her lips, sucking on it. Stephanie can feel the change now. The sensation is much firmer. She isn’t going to be able to take much more of this. Still Julie continues to suck and to rub with her tongue at the same time. This is bliss; Stephanie can feel it building. It wouldn't be long. She could feel it.

"Julie...oh, I'm gonna come. Oh…yes…

Stephanie gasped as the spasms tore through her cunt; the rhythmic throbbing of pleasure. The energy discharged from her very soul and enveloped her body. She felt the total bliss of the biggest orgasm of her life. She closed her eyes and relaxed as the bliss settled on her. After a couple of minutes, she opened her eyes and saw Julie looking at her.

“Julie. I want to explore you?”

“Do you know what to do?”

“No.”

“Be careful. You can’t be too gentle.”

Julie raised herself out of the water and positioned herself on the edge of the bath, spreading her legs. Stephanie knelt and tried to repeat Julie’s moves. She kisses her pussy and gently runs her tongue around every part of it. She inserts her tongue, tasting Julie’s juices, sweet and bitter at the same time. Her clit is easy to find. She circles it with her tongue, the way Julie did. She remembers what Julie said, she goes very gently; just touching it.

“Harder darling.” Stephanie increases the pressure. Julie takes Stephanie’s head and gently presses it toward her pussy. Stephanie licks her harder again. She continues to stroke it harder and harder. Julie’s passion is building. Stephanie is getting her closer. “Oh… Stephanie.” Stephanie keeps it going, she wants to make this woman come; she wants to see what it is like. “Oh… Fuck,” Julie cries out, “Oh God yes,” as her orgasm envelops her. The waves of pleasure throb down toward her cunt. She feels her orgasmic bliss start to descend. Stephanie looks up at her smile of contentment. Julie opens her eyes with the young girl looking up at her so disarmingly. She smiles back.

Stephanie turned on the hot water as they sat in the bath beside each other for a while. They were both satisfied beyond their wildest dreams. Stephanie realised that although she had sex with her boyfriend twice; she may as well have been a virgin compared to the heights that Julie took her to. She felt so foolish. How is it that this woman knows so much and she knows so little? She is surprised when Julie whispers “I haven’t shown you anything yet.”

“What do you mean?” Stephanie is puzzled.

“I mean something that a 19 year old boy couldn’t do.”

“That wasn’t it?”

“It was, sort of. But I have a surprise for you, it will have to be at my place.”

“When?”

“Can you make it for dinner tomorrow?”

“Yes, I can be there at six.”

As the water got colder again, they both climbed out of the bath, hand in hand. They took turns in lovingly drying each other. They were teacher and pupil at piano, but they were lovers now.

THE SURPRISE

Julie knows exactly what she wants to do. She has some toys at home that she and Michael sometimes play with. But she needs something special. She calls into an adult store and quickly finds what she wants.

Stephanie arrives at six. Only Stephanie, dear Stephanie could make simple jeans and a t-shirt look so sexy. After dinner, they talk and relax for a bit. Then Julie takes her into the lounge room. It has been transformed. There is a big orange sheet on the floor and several cushions of various sizes scattered around. The room is perfumed with scented oil and there is a box with a lid in the corner. They quickly get naked, underneath her clothing Julie is wearing her gold chain again. She leaves it on, the gold glinting against her dark brown skin.

“Lie down Stephanie and let me massage you.”

Stephanie complies, laying down on two of the largest cushions. Julie uses some scented massage oil on her young body; expertly easing the tension from her muscles. She starts on her back, moves down to her soft buttocks and finishes with her long and shapely legs.

“Roll over darling.”

Julie massages Stephanie’s pert little breasts, one at a time. She then moves to her legs, gently stroking and massaging the strain away.

“Julie, can I massage you?”

Julie takes Stephanie’s place. Stephanie starts slowly, trying to copy Julie’s moves. She uses a nice firm pressure on Julie’s shoulders, she can feel the young girls massage making a difference. She moans gently in satisfaction. Stephanie feels Julie’s bottom, it is so much larger than her own and yet it is so tight. This woman is in fantastic shape, she must work out or something. Same with her legs. Her thighs are in proportion to the rest of her and again they are so firm and tight. How does she do it?

Stephanie pauses, Julie takes the opportunity to roll over. Stephanie massages her breasts and legs. But she is fascinated by Julie’s shaven pussy. She runs her fingers over the smooth skin. Her fingers explore the folds of Julie’s womanhood. Yesterday everything happened so fast she didn’t have the opportunity to take it in. Today she was going to take her time. She explores Julie’s clit. Julie murmurs with pleasure. Stephanie continues to stroke, feeling it grow beneath her fingers. Before long it is clearly larger and ready for something.
