 Note: 

This Story contains explicit description of sexual acts. If this type of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.

This is a work of fiction; all persons in this story are fictitious and over the age of 18.

Authors appeal:

This story and all parts of it are the property of the author. You are allowed to download and save it for personal reading and pleasure. But if you want to publish it on a website or post it on a forum / news thread, please be fair and ask. I am sure that permission will be granted, but I want to know where my stuff is being published.

----------------------------

Introduction: 

My name is Evelyn and I am a 24-year-old physiotherapist. I live in a small town in Austria. I am single since about 3 Years. My sexual experience is very modest. Sure, I had some one-nighters and longer relationships, my repertoire of positions includes riding, doggy-style and missionary, some oral, a lot of playing with myself lately, but in my opinion I am on the lower scale of experience compared to most others at my age.

You can imagine me the way it fits your fantasy or you ask me over email. If there is need for a description of me, please tell and I will deliver it with my next story. It's not because I am ugly, but for me personally it is always a extreme pleasure to imagine the main character the way I like him / her. 

This is the first part of the story about my experiences while applying for an opening as a massage therapist at a health facility in Switzerland. I read the ad online, filled out the application form and got invited for a trial work-week. I drove the 200 kilometers (120 Miles) over the boarder to a very lovely remote standing health-spa called "The Pleasure Parlor" on a mountain overlooking Lake Constance. On the reception I received the key to a "personal lounge" where I could deposit my luggage. 

Shortly after my arrival I had a job interrogation with a beautiful and charming lady called J. It was a very personal questioning about my skills as a physiotherapist, my sexual attitude, my current sexual relationship and so on. I was very close to leave the room and drive all the way home, but J. got me very curious by telling me this offer: 

"If you do not try it, you will forever regret. Besides, you can always walk out whenever you really want. Just give it a try, you have nothing to lose! I promise you will learn a lot about your own desires and you get the chance to fulfill your deepest wishes."

Above all, I really could use the rise in earnings. They offered to double my income if I pass the lessons they provide. 

And this is my tale about LESSON 1:

  ***

I am standing in front of a white door. Taped on the door is an envelope with my name, Evelyn, in red types on it. I'm unsealing the letter with trembling fingers to find a rose-colored sheet of paper with my instructions:

_______________________

EVELYN:

Lesson 1 – To Give Pleasure

This is your first lesson on your way to your new engagement. In this room you will find one of our prime-customers, a young Lady full of expectation. You must not see her face or her upper body. She will be covered with a blanket from waist up. You have to follow ALL of these rules as soon as you take the step inside:

1. Wear always gloves

2. Do not talk

3. Do not remove the blanket

4. Do not touch yourself

5. Use only your hands and your fingers (but use them good)

You can use lubricant, but I do not think you will need it, you are allowed to touch every part of the body which is not covered by the blanket. 

The Lady has no special preferences, she only wants to be pleasured – but this she wants throughout! 

Make her enjoy, you have 30 minutes!

J.

P.S. My hint for you: do what you would have to be done to you – in your inmost dreams.

____________________



OK, this is a first for me. But now I am really getting curious for what will happen. I'm opening the door, slowly. As long as I do not step over the step I can always run back, I'm thinking.

The room is dimly lit by a red shiny light and some candles. It smells very good, roses, vanilla, some herbs I do not recognize. The walls are painted in earth-tones, brownish red. On the wooden floor are hand-woven carpets, the temperature is warm, cushy. In the center of the room, absolutely dominating it is a really big and cozy massage-table, with this infrared thermal lamp hanging over it. There is one stool and a nightstand with some stuff on it. Otherwise it is empty.

Empty? Not really. On the massage-table lays someone, covered by a white blanket. All I am seeing is the up and down of her breathing and some very long hair – brunette or dark blonde – hang down the sides of the bed. Everything is gleaming red due to the lamp. 

Now I am taking the step into the room – curiosity takes over. The door is closing behind me, my 30 minutes begin. 

Where to start? First I am taking stock of the things on the night-stand: two boxes of powder- and latex-free examination gloves, one size S, the other size M – whoa, in black. Nasty. And assortments of different lubricants – from baby-oil to K-Y Jelly till Durex-Play Warming Gel, even a bottle with Durex-Play Cherry. Yummy. 

This is it, all I have, besides my imagination and my fantasy. Remembering rule 1 I am slipping into a pair of size S gloves - they fit like a glove, ha-ha. 

Actually I like the feeling of the rubber-like material on my skin and believe me: the black is looking unquestionably exciting. 

But stop, enough. 

My task now is to give pleasure, not to receive it. Even though that I am feeling a little tingle between my legs - just because of the anticipation for the coming (double meaning ha-ha) events.

I am all set, so I am circling around the couch. A massage-couch is more like an upholstered table with all kind of adjustable levels and this one is adjusted only to comfort the person laying on it. As I am coming around the table I am discovering the fact that she lays face down, arms under her head. She is easily breathing because her face is comforted in this hole in the head-board. The head and the chest boards are adjusted slightly downwards, the middle board is elevated and the leg boards are spread and downwards as well. Her pelvis rests on a cushion roll –longitudinal. The blanket is wrapped up her waist to gain me full access to her private parts. 

Now here I am – Evelyn, 24 years, no lesbian experience, even not a hell of a lot sexual experience – and my task is to give pleasure to this marvelous woman. And what a woman she is. I am laying my eyes on her naked lower part: she has the legs of a girl who likes working out or jogging, slender but not scrawny like the anorexic models, seamless tan (for what I can see). Because of her spreaded legs the cheeks are also apart and I can see nearly everything: her brunette pubic hair is short trimmed, no piercings visible (thanks, because I do not like them, especially in this area), her anus is like a brown rose-bud shortly before blooming, her outer lips are slightly open, her vagina is resting on the cushion-roll and there is a little spot of wetness on the fabric – a sign of her pleasant anticipation. 

Now what? How much time is already gone? Five minutes? Ten? If only I could ask what to do, what she likes – but I think of rule 2: Do not talk.

And I remember the tip from J.: Do, what you would want to be done....

I am moving closer between her legs, hmmm, that smell of her sex, she is aroused. I am sitting down on the stool. It has exactly the right high for me: I am on eyelevel with my customer's body and can reach the night-stand easily, if I need something. 

How should I start? 

Okay, here we go: first a little foreplay to warm up, I think. I'm massaging her thighs, but it's more petting than a massage. It's feeling funny due to the gloves – but as I am getting accustomed to it, it is beginning to feel nice – no, in fact extreme lascivious. My hands wander upwards on both of her inner thighs, slowly, always petting. She likes it, she purrs like a cat. The closer I am getting to her treasure-box, the more she grinds on this cushion between her legs and the bigger the wet spot grows. And the smell – it is a real turn on. 

I am noticing something between my legs: there is being a wet spot too, and it is growing. 

But remember Rule four: Do not touch yourself. 

My caressing hands are wandering higher, my fingertips are touching her outer lips – she moans quietly and spreads her legs even more. Her lips open in front of me like a blossoming orchid. The glistering of her juices in the red light of the heating lamp – this looks so hot. 

Trust me; going hotter is what I did every second - and definitely getting wetter.

She grinds her clit on this now really moist cushion-roll – but I'm putting my hand on her buttock to stop her. Because it is my responsibility to get her off – not hers! Now I am fully into my assignment and I want to solve my mission.

Her lips are now fully splayed out in front of me – did I mention how hot I am feeling now and how horny I'm getting by smelling her pussy? – and I dip into her juicy slit. She is moist like a swamp – randy like a cat. I can see her liquid flow out between the folds of her inner lips – this tiny wrinkly pucker. I am hearing her moans – no more purring cat but prurient, almost meowing.

My breathing is going faster, my pulse is beating higher and because of rule 2 I have to grind my thighs for bearing at least some release. I bite my lips to avoid loud moaning. 

With the fingers of my left hand I am reaching her clitty, the knob already is raised out of its protecting foreskin. I'm feeling my way to her love-button, my right index finger is fumbling at the very moist entrance to her vault. While it's slipping into her like nothing she is squirming and moaning loud. 

She lifts her bottom in order to gain me more space for playing. It's feeling really hot and tight around my finger, and believe it, the black-gloved finger in her red, swollen pussy is a sight I will never forget. By now she is dripping her love-sap like an open faucet. 

I have to gathering myself with all of my willpower to obey rules number 2 (no touching myself) and number 5 (use only your hands) due to the fact that in the first place I am horny like hell and in need for a release of the fire between my own legs and second I am having this deep desire to stick my tongue into her and taste her juicy love tunnel.

My forefinger is now inside her as deep as it gets, and the temperature in her dripping hole is like 102 degrees. In this case hot is not only metaphorically speaking ;-). 

While I am exploring her inner tunnel I begin moving my forefinger in and out and playing with her clitty. You cannot imagine how wet it is everywhere! 

Meanwhile my middle finger is joining my forefinger in the density of her vagina. Slowly I'm fingerfucking her. She wants more; she is squirming and pressing her bottom against me so that I can penetrate her deeper. My whole black gloved right hand is glistening from her wetness, my fist is pressing between her folds every time I am thrusting my fingers into her hot, moist, narrow opening, simultaneously my thumb is standing up and meets her perineum, that is this dam between vagina and anus. 

Even with the hotness in the room and of my customer, my own randiness and the in the meantime really loud moaning, nevertheless I notice that the rose of her anus is slightly poking out every time my thump thrusts into her dam. Interesting. Because of her natural wetness I smear some pussy juice upwards her crack on every outwards move. Now there is a nice little trace of glistening wetness up her crack, it even reaches her bum. 

Can you imagine how hot it looks: the cushion between her legs is wet and slippery by now, my black gloved right hand thrusting into her pussy, the little finger stretched out for her clit. She is meeting my thrusts with force, liquid flowing and spraying around, she is howling like a wolf – the cat is gone, I think *g*. Now I am going for it and try something that I only dreamed about in my deepest secret dreams: with her own drool I am lubing the fingers of my left hand and I prepare for touching her anus. Oh, how she likes it. Now it is glistening from her own wetness and it blooms outwards, a sign for me that she is relaxing her sphincter. 

Despite the wild movements of her body I can easily insert the first two joints of my forefinger. Now she is going wild. I have to stand up from my stool to meet her force. The result of this action is that my finger glides completely into her rose. Did I talk about hotness and narrowness in her pussy? Her bum is even more so: hot like hell and dense like what? Well, I thing I describe it this way: dense like a Chinese finger trap. Regardless the fact that my finger is not lubricated in whole, or is it because it is not, she takes it all in and roars like a bear. 

I am intruding her bum with my left forefinger and thrusting two fingers of my right hand in and out of her pussy while my pinky stimulates her clit and the rest of the fist bathes in her moist swamp. She bucks like a horse now and moans like a wounded animal. But she forces her backside against my penetrating fingers and fist like she wants to swallow me whole into her womb. 

I tell you something: I will never forget the delightful sight of this scene. The whole upper body of this young woman under this red shining blanket, bucking like a wild horse, pressing against my black gloved hands, the finger of one hand going in and out and in and out her bum, imagine my black finger in this red glistering, tight hole. It doesn't even smell bad – either because she is empty down there, maybe had washed really well down there in wise foresight or it is because the smell of her (and mine!) fluids overlap. 

Doesn't matter! 

Imagine my black finger poking into her arse hole while two, no, now three fingers of my right hand (black gloved – this is a real turn-on) thrust into her red, swollen, moist, no, flooded love tunnel, droplets of cum sputter around, most of them on my cloth and in my face (I even taste some of it, she tastes delicious), my thumb caresses her dam and my pinkie takes care of her clit. I realize that she is now laying on her elbows so that she can play with her titties – but I can only see the shape of her thru the blanket. 

I am hornier than ever in my life, the bottom of my working gown (why did they give me a light blue one?) is dark from my flooding juices, and I am grinding my thighs together in speculation that I will receive just some release. I am feeling how drops of my fluids are running down my legs – that is the reason why I wasn't getting any underpants. My nipples are hard as a rock and rubbing against the fabric of my top. But enough of me, she is the leading character.

I can feel the growing heat in her tunnels – oh yes, in both of them. She is now whimpering for release, but nonetheless she is pressing against me to meet my motions. I am picking up the pace of my fingerfucking now, even put a second finger in her bum – oh this black fingers in this red, glistering, awaiting hole. Faster and harder I am thrusting into her love-box, she is flooding. I am sensing that her temperature must be nearly 104 degrees now, and growing. 

Faster, I begin to twist my fingers in her arse. 

With almost my whole hand shoved into her vagina now I cannot move fast enough in and out for her. She is thrusting against me, by now I am only wiggling my fingers in her cunt. She is crying out loud, I can feel the heat, the walls of her tunnel contract even more, almost pushing my fingers out. But I'm budging towards her. Her bum is getting tighter and tighter, it feels like she will press my fingers out so I am pulling my forefinger out but continue to fingerfuck her ass with my middle finger.

She is tensing her body, howling out loud, there she comes: her pussy-temperature gets up, it contracts that my hand is pressed out, whew, she even squirts a load of cum into my face. 

My finger remains in her anus. 

She is relaxing her body, thinking she is done. But count me out; I am not finished with her: I am pulling the finger out of her ass, changing the glove and start shoving my right middle finger again into her still wet love box. "No", she cries, but not really meaning it. When I begin stimulating her clit with the palm of my left hand she is already jamming against my thrusts to deepen the impact. 

Quick and dirty: I am fingerfucking her really flat out like a sewing machine and at the same time I am playing with her clitoris. In no time she is cuming again, this time more intense than the first time. She even squirted again – maybe peed as well.

Imagine what I saw (and what I imagine very often when I am playing with myself):

I am standing between her parted legs, dripping from her cum, oh it tasted very good, my stiff nipples are poking against the fabric of my wet T-Shirt, a dark blue stain of pussyjuice on the bottom of my light blue working-pants, even the trails of the drops that are flowing down my legs are now visible. The smell is one-of-a-kind; I didn't know that sex smells this good. Still I am furious about inserting my tongue into her. But I'm just trying to satisfy my desire by liking my face with her cum on it.

The black gloved fingers of my right hand are shoving rapidly in and out her still moist glistering pussy. With my left hand I palm her pubic hill and she is squirming with her clitty into my hand. Her bum is still slightly open, looks like a rose ready for blooming. She builds compression against my inward-movements because that doubles the intensity. 

It takes only 20 something thrusts - she cries loud - her vulva tightens - her asshole expands even more (interesting!) – she pulls away from my fingers – they slip out – the rosebud of her anus opens outward – she bends forward to get me full access – she comes like a hurricane – more cum sprays in my face – she howls – she squirts – and squirts again – it doesn't stop – one last time I poke my finger into her – she spasms – and a very hot, golden stream hits my front – whoa. 

She collapses, whimpering, tucking her legs up under the blanket. Whoa, that was so hot; I even came without touching myself when the hot golden stream hit me. That was the sexiest thing I ever experienced - till now ;-)

While I am standing there, my thighs pressing together and trying to suppress my own moaning by biting my lips, recovering from an intense orgasm and from the exhausting work (I hope I do not get sore muscles – how do you explain this to your friends?), J. is walking in and guiding me out of the room. "You did a good job – exactly in time. Now, I bring you into your personal lounge. Take a shower, drink some of the tea I served there, rest a bit and wait for your next lesson."

The tea is tasting good, I am pulling my clothes of, putting them into the laundry basket and I am taking a long shower, even when I liked the feel and smell of her cum and pee an my skin.

While washing my privies I achieved another couple of orgasms. After toweling myself I just take another mug of tea and rest myself on one of the easy-chairs in the personal-lounge, tired but curious for my next lesson. 

But that is another story...

------------------------------------

Feel free to write any opinions and critics through the link below.
Yours, 

Evelyn