 Isabelle was the modern day pinup; she always had her strawberry blonde locks curled to perfection, decorated with some sort of flower. Her clothing on this particular day consisted of a vintage style dress, complete with five inch heels with an inch and a half platform. The woman was a vamp, her blue eyes outlined in black liner with wings and her full lips glossed over with a seductive red lipstick. 

I oftentimes found myself staring whenever she came into my library. Whether from envy or lust, I wasn't entirely sure. In comparison I was just typical librarian: conservative, bland clothes; hair pulled back in a lifeless, dull brown ponytail; thick-rimmed glasses; and about as much makeup as a teenage girl just starting out.

Usually, aside from a gorgeous smile and a quick, "hello", Isabelle normally didn't pay me any mind. Today, however, I caught her glancing my way under heavy lashed eyes several different times as she lounged on the library's sofa, pretending to read a western which I knew she had no interest in. I felt my face flush at the mere thought that I actually paid attention to what she read and checked out. I haven't memorised any other patron's likes nor dislikes, but obviously hers stuck out for me. 

"Miss Lara?" Her lilting voice was music to my ears and I looked up from cataloging books into the system. Her smile was almost mischievous this time, and I wondered what the hell was going on. 

"Yes, Miss Malloy? And please, just Lara." I returned her smile, attempting to hide the flush of my cheeks. 

"Only if you call me Izzy. I require assistance in genealogy." She flashed me a smile, and I did my best to remain poker faced. 

"Our genealogist isn't in today-" 

"Actually, I was hoping you would help instead," she interrupted me, and a lump caught in my throat. I mindlessly nodded and rounded the desk, walking her to the genealogy room. I wasn't really concerned that I just heard the lock click behind me, as I knew many patrons looking up family history wanted privacy. Regardless, I felt my pulse quicken at the mere thought of being alone with her.

"So are you looking for Malloy or-" I began to ask, but was stopped when I was abruptly shoved against an empty table. I felt her breasts press against my back, her breath against my neck, and I shivered.

"I'm looking for you. I've noticed you watching me every time I come in. And I can tell beneath those dull clothes you're a gorgeous woman." I felt her small hand grab my arm and turn me around to face her, our noses almost touching. "I'll bet you've even gone home at night and played for me, haven't you?" Her slender fingers undid the buttons on my blouse and I suddenly felt a cool breeze against my skin. "Bet you picture me naked and wet, waiting for you to take me. Don't you?" I bit my lip, remaining silent. Taking that as a confirmation, she smirked and continued stripping me of my clothing. "I wonder, have you imagined tying me up and teasing me to the point of orgasm, only to stop and make me beg?" To this, I shyly nodded, averting my gaze. 

Her cherry lips met mine, and I melted at their softness. I felt pressure between my legs as she pushed a hand between them, her finger pressing hard against my clit through my panties, which were soaked through by now. Removing her hand, I gave a small whimper in protest and within seconds, my plain, white bra went flying to the floor with the rest of my clothing. Izzy stepped back and admired my C-cup breasts, running her tongue over her luscious lips. Gently she pushed me on my back, then slid my panties down my hips. Now all that I was left in were my shoes, which came off soon after.

"I hate to break it to you, Lara, but I'm no beggar. Instead, I think I'll make you beg." Isabelle came around the table to my side and bent over my chest, taking one nipple into her mouth and biting hard. A sound tore from my throat, first from pain, but soon from the pleasure it brought as she suckled on it, reaching over to the other to pinch and twist it.

"How badly do you want release?" She asked as she switched sides.

"I need it."

"Enough to beg for it?" Her free hand slid between my thighs and her fingertips lightly grazed over my skin over my mound. I nodded, and she slid one finger inside of me. I bit my lower lip, squirming as she slowly thrusted it in and out. "Then beg for it, my sweet pet. Tell me how badly you want to come."

"I want it, need it so bad." My fingers curled as she slipped another inside of me, my inner walls tightening around her fingers as my first climax began to build up. Her thrusting became quicker, and I was nearly at my peak when she stopped. A moan left my lips in disappointment, but then I felt something wet and spongy tracing shapes on my clit. "Please, let me come." My voice was nearly a whisper, and she shoved three fingers inside my love hole, eliciting an even louder moan than the one I just did. I twisted my hips, pushing them against her face and fingers, almost crying out when my first orgasm hit.

But she didn't stop.

Izzy continued going at the same pace with her mouth and fingers, and soon enough another climax rocked my body into oblivion. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, oh god." I whispered breathlessly, my body wracked from the pleasure. After my third orgasm, I felt her slide in another finger, and at that point I knew she was going for her entire hand. I wasn't sure if I could take that much, but I was too high on the endorphins she was giving me to care. I just wanted her to fuck me until I couldn't move anymore. I cried out again as another wave hit, and she stopped tonguing me for a moment to look up at my face with a devious smirk.

"Ready for my entire fist in you?" 

"Fuck, yes." My back arched, pushing my hips into her hand and suddenly I felt her punch my G-spot with a force that had me screaming. I didn't know if there were patrons who could hear me, and frankly I didn't care. Her fist pistoned in and out of me so quickly, that every time I thought one orgasm was finished, I went to the top again. 

I was in a hazy state when I realised she had finally stopped and was standing over me, a wide grin on her face. She licked her fingers seductively one by one, groaning and closing her eyes. "You taste wonderful. Here, try." She held out her hand and I lapped up my juices, my head falling back down to the table with a light thump in satisfaction. 

Slowly I pushed myself to a seated position. I dared not stand yet; I could feel my legs were weak and would collapse under me if I tried. Isabelle placed her hands on either side of me and kissed me, biting lightly on my lip and tugging at it. A shiver ran down my spine when she pulled back to give me a lust-filled look.

"Next time, I want you to serve me." She said in a husky voice. I didn't know why she wanted there to be a next time; I was nothing special. But I don't care. I want to give her what she gave me.

"When is next time?" I asked, my voice strained.

"Tonight. When you get off work. I'm bringing you home with me, and I'm going to make sure you take really good care of me. It's only fair, don't you think?" I nodded in response, still in shock over what just happened. And I was going to get more of her tonight.