 A few days later Beth was telling Anne about her wonderful days off. Instead of complaining about Martin being away, as she was wont to do, Beth spoke gloriously of being alone and of the terrific date she had enjoyed that night. Anne was intrigued that a woman could give herself so much pleasure, and for such a long time.

"Three and a half hours of fucking yourself?" she said incredulously. "How can you possibly do that?"

"I wasn't fucking myself every minute, silly. I took it slow and easy and made sure I had lots of juice, mostly my own, too! It doesn't hurt to have enough fantasies to carry on that long, either," answered Beth.

Their conversation turned innocent as they discussed their plans for the coming weekend. Anne told Beth that she had been invited to a pyjama party at a her neighbour's house out in the country south of town. It turned out that the party was in celebration of the woman's son moving out of the house. He had just turned eighteen and had moved into town. His mom, Charlene, had decided that she wanted to have a party and thought that by inviting over some girlfriends she could use the theme of being young again.

Beth thought this was a great idea and asked if she might join in for the night. It took one phone call and Anne told Beth that Charlene would be happy to have them both come along. After all, "the more, the merrier," she had said on the phone.

"So it's a deal," confirmed Beth.

"Yes, but you have to bring something," replied Anne, "how about that wicked cheesecake you make? And bring your bathing suit, too. She has a big hot tub on the back deck." With that the plan was set for the following Saturday night.

Saturday arrived sooner than Beth expected, but was no less welcome. The week had been great in the store, but the price was exhaustion by the weekend. She and Anne both were ready for a little diversion, and a dip in a hot tub, of course.

Beth drove out to Anne's, and left her car in her driveway. They then walked over to Charlene's together. They arrived early with their overnight bags and some goodies for dinner. Charlene greeted them warmly and showed them into the downstairs play room where everybody would sleep tonight. There were foam mattresses and pillows spread all over on side of the big room. On the other side was a giant screen television and a wet bar. Beside the bar were french doors that opened up onto a big cedar deck upon which sat an immense hot tub.

"What a great setup you have, Charlene," complimented Beth. "You are sure equipped for a great party."

Anne followed up by asking who else was expected. Charlene answered that she had invited about six women, but that only three others had been able to get away. "There's Geri, one of my best friends, and we'll probably see Cara-Lynn and Kayla, too."

"Anne, you might know Kayla, she's Jason's girlfriend. And Cara-Lynn is her best friend from school. They both graduated last June." Anne cast a subtle glance over to Beth who responded with a sly one of her own. This was going to be one fine party.

"I'm going to get some snacks ready upstairs. Why don't the two of you get your swimsuits on and make yourselves a drink at the bar. I think I've got just about everything," offered Charlene.

Beth and Anne each tossed their bag into the corner near the largest foamie and headed right for the bar. They soon decided on a big pitcher of margaritas, though choosing blackberry was a tougher decision aided only by an agreement that this was only the first pitcher.

By the time Charlene had returned with a tray of fruit and goodies, Beth had already changed into her bathing suit, a rather conservative purple number that showed only a bit of her buttocks but was very generous with her cleavage —just the way she liked it. Meanwhile, Anne had mixed the drinks and was only now suiting up. As she came down the stairs, Charlene realized that she had walked in on Anne half-naked as she was putting on her bikini top. She quickly apologized for not having knocked first.

"It's your house, silly. Besides, we're all big girls here and a breast of two shouldn't be too shocking," replied Anne. This proved to be rather prescient, it turns out.

All three women walked out to the deck and took up spots on the lounge chairs near the hot tub. The sun was warm and inviting, as an early September sun can be in this part of the world. It was hot enough for the bathing suits but not so bad that they needed shade for protection. Little was said for the first few minutes as all three enjoyed their cold drinks. Anne broke the ice by asking when the others would be arriving.

"Geri should be here any minute, but the girls will be around after they get off work around seven o'clock."

With two hours to go before then, there was lots of time left in which to anticipate the arrival of the teens. Somehow both Anne and Beth were having the same thoughts; and each had the same expression on her face. It was a bit anticipation mixed with no small measure of hope.

Geri arrived just a bit later. She was already wearing her bathing suit, a revealing two-piece covered up with a short terrycloth robe. Her knapsack went into the corner with the two others and she made her entrance to the deck with a brash "Ta-da!!"

"With an entry like that, you deserve a drink," offered Beth immediately, and poured her a margarita.

The four women sat around the deck, sunning themselves and enjoying the idle chit-chat and gossip that seems to always find its way into conversations. The talk was mostly about gardening, sewing and a variety of complaints about the men in their lives, or missing from their lives. They also spent time debating the relative merits of the technology IPO's that were the rage of the market, but that died down when the liquor started to work its magic. The four of them were starting to get a bit tipsy now that they were finishing up the second big pitcher. The snacks had pretty much disappeared, too.

Sandwiches and a veggie tray were the ideal dinner fare for the deck and all enjoyed the light meal. Geri joked about being careful not to eat too much before getting into the hot tub. "After all, we don't want anyone getting a cramp and drowning, do we?" she kidded.

"That's no problem. I know CPR," chided Beth.

"But would you give mouth-to-mouth?" quizzed Geri.

"You'll just have to find out when the time comes!"

Though Charlene took that to mean Geri might have to be drowning, Geri picked up on the underlying meaning, or so she thought. Naturally, Beth and Anne each knew the reality, and looked forward to the possibility that it might just happen.

It was Anne who took the first step into the hot tub, but Geri was right behind her. Beth preferred to take her time in order to get a really good look at the two women's butts as they climbed in. "What an incredible ass that Anne has," she thought to herself. "Of course, Geri's is certainly something you would write home about…."

Charlene and Beth climbed into the tub together, bringing along a fresh pitcher of icy drinks. There they all sat, the water churning and foaming around the four of them. Charlene, the tallest, was sitting rather upright in her seat and hers were the only breasts showing above the water line. Her conservative one-piece suit did little to hide the size of her chest, something the other women noticed. Anne was the first one to make a comment, "you know, Charlene, you have really great boobs," she complimented, completely sincere.

"They're too big," replied Charlene, "I'd do anything to have smaller ones."

"You're kidding," replied Geri. "I have always thought you had great boobs and wished mine were that big. I've even considered getting a boob job to be as big as that."

The other two women jumped in as well, complimenting Charlene on her figure and her wonderful breasts, as Anne called them. There was little doubt about the direction that the conversation was taking. A little drunk, Beth asked Charlene if her nipples were as big as they looked through the wet fabric of the bathing suit. Charlene's reaction was to blush and slide down under the water to her neck. It was time for a refill on the drinks and the subject was dropped for the moment, but it was clear where everyone's mind was going. Within a few minutes Geri had once again opened up an interesting bit of conversation. She had innocently mentioned that the bubbles and the jets from the tub were tickling her, "you know, down there."

Beth and Anne laughed out loud almost simultaneously and Beth retorted that the tickling was the main reason for even buying a hot tub, "right Charlene?"

Charlene's response was a bit more forthcoming this time as she smiled knowingly, a look interpreted by the other women as meaning it would not be the first time any of them had used the jets as a source of pleasure. Geri watched the others snickering and asked, "what's of funny?"

"You mean you don't know?"

"You've never tried it before?"

"You have got to be kidding!"

All three friends seemed astonished that a forty year-old woman would never had tried the clitoral pleasures of the hot tub jets. Even Charlene seemed surprised.

"Well, I've never owned one of these before. Besides, there are always kids around when I come over here," replied Geri.

"Maybe you should just turn around and slide down a bit right now," suggested Anne.

Though she was blushing beet red, Geri was game and she turned her back to the others and sat facing one of the rushing water jets. It took but a few seconds for her to exclaim "WOW! How could I have waited for that?"

Despite the effect, she quickly turned back to the group a few seconds later, as if deciding that this was not the time or place to be masturbating in the tub. Though the others encouraged, even teased her about continuing, she just sat with a big smile on her face and enjoyed the tremendous feeling that was rushing through her body.

Being good friends, and with all the liquor that had been consumed, the conversation took on an altogether more hospitable tone from that point on. The girls joked easily about their own special techniques for reaching orgasm, about the men in their past. They talked a lot about the cocks they had seen and played with. Although neither Anne nor Beth named its owner, Terry's bulbous cockhead seemed to be one of the highlights of the conversation. As Anne talked about it, one of the women asked how it felt. Before she realized the implications, Beth had piped up with "great, especially as it first goes in!"

It took a moment before everyone realized that it meant both Anne and Beth had been with Mr. Crab-Apple, although no one chose to ask how and where. The chat turned increasing daring and they dared each other to skinny dip in the hot tub —no one took up the challenge. As the four friends played and chatted, the final two guests arrived at the party. Kayla and Cara﷓Lynn arrived at the house and made their way downstairs to the family room, looking for the others. Seeing that everyone was already in the jacuzzi, the two youngsters changed right into their own swim suits and made their way out. To call these swimsuits would be quite wrong. They would more accurately be described as tanning suits since clothing this small was never intended to hit the water.

Kayla was a short, petite girl with small, but very firm young breasts. Her build was solid and athletic, testament to her years on her high school volleyball, soccer and swim teams. Extremely outgoing, she made friends easily and quickly. She was still a virgin though she and Jason had recently started to fool around more and experiment with oral sex. Jason was completely inexperienced and spent most of his time fumbling around looking for her clit. However, she certainly appreciated her boyfriend's efforts at cunnilingus. Her own skills at fellatio were not much better, but she was always game to try, something Jason also appreciated.

Her best friend, Cara-Lynn, was the true opposite in many ways. She was tall, 5'-10" and built much more broadly. Big-boned, they would have said in the old days. She was not skinny by any means, but neither was she overweight. Her light brown hair hung straight down to the middle of her back and was silky to the touch. Her breasts were substantial yet she never seemed to wear a bra. They sagged slightly, but that just seemed to make them look bigger, somehow.

Cara-Lynn was also a virgin and had had little experience with boys. Not that they were not trying, but she was too serious a student to spend the time developing her relationships with boys. It was too important that she get grades that would get her into the university program she wanted, pre﷓med. There was so much competition that she had considered her schoolwork to be the only worthy activity during high school. Now, that was over and it was her last summer break before she buckled down to her university career.

The two young women hit the deck skipping together happily. Kayla wore a brilliant red bikini that was almost a thong. Her firm teenaged breasts pressed hard against the lightweight; most of her boobs were visible as the flimsy triangles of fabric barely covered her nipples, let alone her breasts.

Cara-Lynn wore a similar suit that seemed no larger than her friend's. The bikini was at least two sizes too small so the lush flesh of her breasts flowed around the fabric enough to shame any bra that claimed to be a push-up. The suit was a pure white, lacy fabric that promised transparency should it ever get wet. It would, and it did.

The girls bounded towards the older women, surprising them with their arrival. They were soon plied with drinks and what remained on the snacks. Invited to jump in, the teens both declined saying that they only wanted to lie back and get some sun.

Having introduced the girls, Charlene explained that they were best friends and had been ever since grade school. "They are inseparable. One won't do a thing without the other, it seems."

Anne and Beth exchanged lusty looks of anticipation, though neither said a word. Beth motioned to Anne with her eyes to look over at Geri who was openly appreciating the firm new flesh of the younger women. Beth whispered "I thing we've got a partner in this one." Anne nodded in agreement.

For quite some time the women sat around the deck, in the tub and on lounge chairs, soaking up sun and having a fine old time visiting. Eventually, the two younger women found the sun becoming too hot even for them and decided to give the jacuzzi a try. Only Geri was still in the tub and she watched appreciatively as first Kayla, then Cara-Lynn stepped gingerly into the water. As expected, Cara-Lynn's suit instantly became transparent and her tiny nipples shone through the fabric, right in front of Geri's eyes.

It was also the time that Anne and Beth chose to return to the tub so now there were five of them. Charlene joined them a moment later. The conversation soon returned to masturbation and the strong jets of water in the tub. A little looser now, Charlene asked the new arrivals if they'd ever heard of using jacuzzi jets as playthings. Clearly the liquor was working its magic in reducing inhibitions and building up libidos.

Blushing, Kayla nodded slightly. Cara-Lynn's response was less muted and she piped up, "we have one too. I love it in there." The meaning was clear to all six, but Anne had to ask "do you do yourself with it?"

Hesitating, Cara-Lynn replied with some confidence, "yes, I do. What about you?" This was no wallflower teenager.

"I sure do," came the reply quickly.

The talk continued on the topic of masturbation and the special toys and techniques that Anne used. She was being quizzed by the younger women, but Charlene also had a few questions of her own. Beth stepped in and offered her own opinions and experiences easily, though she seemed to leave out the lesbian sex she and Anne had enjoyed, as well as some of the more exciting toys she had used. "There's no use telling them about cucumbers if they've never done it with a plain old vibrator," she thought.

As the conversation progressed, Geri went inside for some reason or other. When she came out, she did so with a flourish. She had taken a peak into Beth's overnight bag looking for some sunscreen and had found her strap-on dildo. She came out onto the deck wearing it over her bathing suit crying out "look at me! I'm a lesbian!"

Of course, there was an uproar of laughter from the crowd outside. But at the same time all of them knew something had just happened which would change the whole flavour of the party.

"You don't have to be a lesbian to use one of those," retorted Anne, "you just have to be horny!"

It seemed that none of the other women, and certainly not the teens, had ever seen such a contraption and all were admiring it on Geri. That she had put it on over her suit seemed so ridiculous to Anne that she offered to model it properly. No one argued, but the group went silent as Anne hopped out of the tub towards Geri.

Geri, unhappy to lose her new toy, replied that no, she could model it just as well. And with that she slipped off the harness, quickly followed by the bathing suit. She then slipped on the dildo once more asking, "is this how it goes, Beth?"

Beth's reply was that the only thing missing was a hot pussy to try it out on.

"Who wants it?" called out Geri, bluffing. Her shock at getting a response was total as both Beth and Anne offered to be her testers. Her bluff had been only to the women, actually. She was entirely ready to try out the contraption; she had been ready for years to try it, in fact, and had never found the right moment or woman. This was her chance.

Almost as if demonstrating for a class, Anne and Geri stood together and hugged each other tightly. Beth looked on wondering when she should make her move. Kayla and Cara-Lynn watched, mouths gaping, silent. But their eyes never left the scene of these two beautiful, older women holding each other and fondling each other's breasts and buttocks.

Charlene's reaction was not much different. She watched intently from deep in the water. Unnoticed by the others, her left hand had dropped into her lap and was sneaking into the crotch of her suit. Beth, too, was slowly inching her fingers closer to her pussy, not ready to announce her actions just yet.

Geri had no trouble holding Anne closely. The feelings of lust and desire that coursed through her body had been hobbled for years by a strict upbringing and social pressures, but it was time. Her pussy was soaking from the anticipation, and the flush of excitement coursing through her body. She had been wet from the moment she first strapped on the dildo and had only become more aroused as she stripped for her friends on the deck.

Anne lost no time removing her bikini. Two quick tugs at the ties and her body was free of the constricting fabric. Her beautiful, perky tits pressed up against Geri's; their hips pressed one against the other. Anne's slipped a leg between Geri's who responded by thrusting her pelvis against the petite brunette's thigh.

"Do you want me to fuck you?" asked Geri lustily.

"Do you want to fuck me?" replied Anne. The others watched in silence, not wanting to interrupt the event that was unfolding before them.

Without a word, the two made their way to the bench nearest the hot tub to give the others a clear view of the action. Anne sat back on the bench with her ass just hanging off one end. Her thighs were wide open; her pussy close-cropped on top and nude below, was open to the audience. Geri stepped forward, hesitating a bit as this was something completely new to her. Slowly, she approached and stood between Anne's outspread knees. She seemed a bit unclear on the role she was playing but Beth found her voice and gently called out "just put it into her, Geri. You can do it."
