 It was a very hot lazy afternoon and I welcomed the chance to join my neighbor, Susan, in a swim and some sun around her backyard pool. My husband and I had often remarked at the miracle of landscaping that her yard represented; her backyard was completely screened from the surrounding houses. Between stands of poplars and ivy shrouded trellises, every inch of her pool deck was invisible to prying eyes. And Brian should know since I had caught him more than once straining to catch a glimpse of Susan sunning or swimming. It was only natural, I guess, since Susan was absolutely stunning and wore very little whenever she could get away with it.

Susan and I had been nodding acquaintances for the past year since we moved here from the Midwest. California was completely unlike Iowa. I had been having a very difficult time adjusting to the changed social mores, the behavior others took for granted I still found scandalous. At a dinner party at one of Brian’s partner’s home, Susan had unexpectedly invited me to join her some afternoons for sun and a swim. Today she had called to remind me of her invitation and I had agreed to come.

With more than a little trepidation, I had gotten myself ready for the afternoon. Not wanting to be considered out of touch, I used a depilatory to remove all the hair from my legs, under arms, and bikini area. I donned my bikini and looked in the mirror, adjusting my breasts in the cups. Considered scandalous when I bought it in Iowa, the white bikini was modest by California standards. Shrugging into an overshirt of light cotton and sliding my feet into my sandals, I grabbed my towel and sunglasses and went next door.

I was still nervous when Susan opened the door, but her overwhelming friendliness soon put me at ease. Susan showed me around her lovely home, and then ushered me out to the secluded deck around her pool. I draped my towel over one of the chaise lounges and then looked around at Susan as she took off her short terry robe. Her swim suit made mine look like a Mother Hubbard. The bottom was a micro-thong in white, the tiny white string disappearing between her buttocks and the miniscule cloth patch barely covering her pubes. The top was not any bigger, the two tiny triangles actually smaller than her areolas. Susan gave me a big smile and then she dove into the swimming pool, her strong sleek body knifing through the water. I also dove in, not nearly as gracefully and slowly swam the length of her pool. The water was surprisingly cold, almost taking my breath away at the sudden shock from the change in temperature. 

After swimming two laps, Susan pulled herself from the pool, a nymph rising from the sea. I followed her out, using the ladder, and then laid down upon my towel covered chaise lounge. Susan started to talk about the dinner party we’d attended, and I listened with half an ear as I let the sun warm my chilled blood. I was also admiring Susan…her lean body, tight buns, high firm breasts. I felt dowdy in comparison. No wonder Brian drooled over her, I thought, as my eyes moved along her frame. Suddenly I could not believe my eyes; the tiny white thong of her suit was almost transparent with the water from the pool. I could clearly see the outline of her thick pussy lips. It was obvious she was shaved completely smooth, too.

The breeze across my body made my nipples stand erect in reaction to the sudden chill. At least that’s what I told myself as I stared at Susan’s displayed body. When she reached up and removed her top, I was fascinated by the color of her nipples. They were a dark coral pink, and they stood erect at least three-quarters of an inch. I could see them standing tall, like strawberries atop her golden breasts. I wondered what they would feel like, taste like. 

What was wrong with me? I’d never fantasized about a woman before and yet here I was staring at Susan like some lovesick teenage boy, dreaming of kissing her breasts and sliding my hands inside that tiny thong. I groaned as I felt that inner wetness building. I was actually becoming aroused! Susan picked up her sunscreen and poured a large amount in her hands. She began to spread it along her legs and then over her stomach and finally her breasts. My eyes were glued to her movements as she rubbed the lotion around her gorgeous breasts and jutting nipples, seeing her pulling and tweaking those nipples just a tiny bit as she finished. Recognizing that I needed lotion as well, I poured some on my legs and began to spread it evenly up my body. My hands brushed my aching crotch in passing and electric shocks went through me. I spread more lotion up my body and onto my own breasts. Taking a cue from Susan, I pulled off my suit top and liberally rubbed oil into my breasts and nipples. I admit it; some of that attention was just to bring myself along. I could see Susan watching me so I prolonged it a tiny bit and then lay back on my towel.

Susan complimented me on my body and I replied that next to her I felt like a frump. She laughed, a delicate musical sound, and replied that being able to swim and work out every day had its blessings. I agreed, telling her she had one of the most beautiful bodies I’d ever seen. She surprised me by telling me how her husband had left her for another man about six months before. She’d skinned him in the divorce, but just didn’t trust men right then. In fact, the dinner party had been first time she’d been out since the divorce and she’d only gone since my husband’s partner had handled the divorce. Susan said she was enjoying her independence and wasn’t sure she ever intended to let a man have control in her life again.

I laughed and told her that she’d best keep her single status secret because all the neighborhood wives would be very nervous with her around. I went on to tell her how I’d caught Brian trying to peak over the fence on several occasions. Susan told me that I had nothing to worry about as she was not interested in Brian or any other husband.

Susan then asked if I would mind putting sunscreen on her back. I moved over next to her as she lay face down upon her chaise. As I started to spread the oil on her warm back I became very aware of the tactile sensations involved. The firmness of her skin, the slippery oil and the sensuousness of the situation. As I stretched to reach her shoulders, the tips of my bare breasts touched her back, reminding me of my own state of undress. My hands moved further down her back, enjoying the strength of her muscles under her taut skin. As my hands passed over the tiny waistband of her thong, I was suddenly conscious of what I was doing. I was massaging and stroking the beautiful ass of this vibrant woman. 

I was on fire. The sensation of my hands gliding over her silky skin was turning me on in ways I’d never felt before. I let my thumbs drift between her buttocks along the cleft, slipping beneath the insignificant string of her thong. I strove to make it look like an accident as I brought my hands lower on her buns and my thumbs slipped over her anus. Shaking I moved my hands out and along her thighs, down her legs, and finally to her feet. Finishing I moved back to my chaise and lay face down upon it, my head turned away from Susan as I tried to sort out the feelings raging inside me. What was I doing? I was a married woman. I’d never thought about being with another woman. Okay, okay, perhaps when Brian and I watched those silly porno movies and they had some lez couple working out, some part of me had wondered about it. Sure I got turned on but wasn’t that what those movies were supposed to do? Now I wondered whether that arousal had been caused by my husband or by the images I’d been seeing… 

Susan’s strong hands started rubbing the oil into my shoulders and neck. I relaxed under her touch, feeling the tensions drain out my muscles as she rubbed the oil into my body. She moved my arms up over my head as she finished oiling them, exposing my sides to her ministrations. The poured the sun-warmed oil along my spine and then began to spread it around. Her hands curled along my ribs, even moving underneath me slightly to brush my breasts. Her hands moved down my back and soon I felt her hands tugging at my suit bottoms. Without thinking I raised my hips and let her draw them off my body. Her hands now spread the lotion over my ass cheeks, sending shockwaves throughout my body. Her fingertips brushed across my anus, drawing a gasp from me as well as an involuntary push back from my hips, seeking to prolong the contact. 

She shifted her attention to my feet, rubbing the lotion into the soles and between my toes. Slowly she worked her way up my legs, over my calves, behind my knees and then along my thighs. By the time her hands reached the inside of my upper thighs, I was completely helpless. There was no doubt about my condition when she reached between my thighs and touched my slit. As her thumb caressed my clit, she slid two fingers into my vaginal passage. Using her other oil slicked hand, she slowly pushed a finger into my ass. I was crying out in animal noises as she brought me higher and higher, ever closer to the peak of orgasm. I lifted my hips into the air, raising my butt high and giving her complete control over me. She had three fingers filling my pussy and her thumb rubbing firmly on my erect clit while that hard finger filled my ass in ways nothing every had before. 

I couldn’t stop cumming. Rational thought was gone; my entire reason for existence was focused on the overwhelming sensations she was creating. She pulled free from me for a moment and made me roll back onto my back. She introduced her thumb into my ass while her lips locked around my clit, her tongue dancing a merry rhythm on my clit and her fingers once again filling my passage. Wave after wave of pleasure crashed over me as she licked my pussy. My hands tangled in her hair, pulling her face tighter against me. Oh God it felt so good! She gently scraped her teeth on my clit and another wave crashed down on me. My legs were spread as far as I could open them to get her all the access she wanted. As she continued to suck and nibble at my clit, I could feel her pushing move of her fingers inside of me, filling me, and opening me to more. My husband never stretched me like this. My husband never made me feel like this. Her whole hand was inside me now, pumping slowly, fucking me with her fist. I could feel her thumb and her fist, separated only by the thin membranes inside me. My hands grabbed at my breasts, pulling and twisting my nipples. The sensations overwhelmed me, plunging me into the darkness of unconsciousness.

I awoke to being held in her arms, my head on her breast. As my lips sought her erect nipple, Susan reminded me of the time, saying that it was late and my husband would be home soon. Reluctantly I let go of her nipple and sat up. Susan kissed me, the taste of my juices still upon her face. Then we stood and walked back to the pool. A quick dive and swim sluiced the sweat and residue from our bodies. As we toweled each other, we made a date for the next morning.