 Chapter 7: A new discovery 

[Note: Kayla is (was at the time this happened) 19 and visiting her friend Beth during a break from University] 

Life went on for several weeks after Beth and Paul's liaison. Though both had been concerned about some fallout from their tryst, the friendship seemed only to grow stronger. Their discussions became more and more personal as they talked of fantasies, preferences and histories. Yet, nothing more intimate than an occasional squeeze or brief kiss was exchanged between them. Nonetheless, they continued to get closer. It would only be a matter of time before something else came up.

Out of the blue one day, Beth had a surprise visitor drop in to the shop at the end of the day. She was just closing and about to take the deposit over to her bank when who should come through the door but Kayla. She of the summer girls' only party! It turned out that Kayla had been home from university for a week of reading break and was about to return to school in only two days. Pleased for the company, the two women chatted a bit and eventually walked out together to do the banking.

Although the conversation was very light, Beth could tell that Kayla had more on her mind. Always comfortable with young people, Beth offered to take Kayla out for a bite so they could get properly reacquainted. The younger woman accepted eagerly. "Very eagerly," thought Beth.

Over dinner Kayla told little more than a story of her hard work, good grades and a love of sports on campus. They talked about roommates, staying up late, partying and more than a little bit about boys. But still, there seemed to be something more behind this visit.

It was Kayla who suggested she drop by Beth's apartment for a drink before going home. Beth was happy to oblige and they drove home together. The silence during the drive was almost ominous as neither seemed ready to admit that there was more on her mind than she was admitting. Beth hoped for a rematch; Kayla needed someone to talk to about something very serious, she thought.

Finally home, Beth and Kayla kicked back on the comfortable sofas in the living room, each with a coffee spiked generously with Kahlua and a dollop of whipped cream. About half way through the drink, Beth turned to Kayla and flatly asked her, "what is it you really want to talk about?"

"I can't fool you, can I?" replied the young woman. "All night I have really been enjoying your company, but I could not get over the idea that there was more to your visit than you have been telling me. Is there something wrong at school? At home?"

"I can trust you, can't I?"

"Of course you can, hon! You know I'm on your side," reassured Beth.

"I have been having some problems at school, in residence, actually."

"Tell me."

"Well, I have this roommate, Samantha. And she is really good looking! The problem is…"

"Go on, Kayla. I am a great listener," offered Beth in support.

"The problem is that I can't look at her without remembering that party last summer. There! I've said it!" announced the teen.

With gentle questioning and a patient manner, Beth discovered that Kayla had enjoyed the lesbian experience so much that she was starting to think about her beautiful roommate "in that way," as she explained it. And this was causing her to worry that she was turning into a lesbian. "But I really like boys," she pleaded, "I even go out on dates!" she added, as if that would prove something.

It took little more than an inquisitive comment to elicit more information about Kayla's sexual activities at university. She went on to describe how she dated regularly but was not ready for a boyfriend yet. "It's too serious at this age," she explained, "but I've fooled around quite a bit." This, she said with some pride. "I decided not to fuck any of the boys but I give them handjobs and blowjobs, and I let them eat me out sometimes."

"I'm glad to see that you're taking care of your needs, too," complimented Beth.

"But none of them seem to know what to do. None of them is nearly as good at getting me off as you were last summer." The admission was nearly complete, now. "You have to know that only a woman, and maybe a very special man on occasion, can really work a pussy properly. But you already know that, don't you?"

"I guess."

"Tell me more about your dates."

Over the next half hour Kayla told her new friend about going out to floor parties in residence where the only uncertainty was who would be going home with whom. Life on campus seemed to offer open season on cocks and pussies. Kayla told of how she had heard from a close friend that she'd developed a reputation for not putting out, but that it was okay with the guys because she also had a reputation for giving great head. There was pride in the young woman's voice as she explained that. Or was it just bravado?

"See? I do like boys. Honest!"

Her pleading was rather endearing, though Beth. "So what is the problem, then?"

"Well…." Again she shyly dragged her answer out. "Every time I see Samantha getting ready for bed, or returning from a shower…"

"Every time she's naked, you mean?" prodded Beth.

"Yeah. Every time I see her naked, or running around in one of her sexy t-shirts or nightgowns I get this urge. You know, the urge for some pussy! There!! I have said it! It's finally off my chest!"

Upon hearing this, Beth felt a tingle in her pussy. Her urge for fresh pussy was always there, but this was altogether different. It was teen pussy of the best kind! But rather than taking advantage of the young woman, Beth reached over and took Kayla's hand in hers. "I know exactly what you mean, dear. I often have the same feelings, too."

"You do? But you're not a lesbian; you're married!"

"You don't have to be one to enjoy another woman's touch, Kayla. Trust me. In fact, if it was true, then I would be one great lesbian, too," assured Beth.

"But what about my feelings for Samantha? For her body, actually."

Beth explained that lust and passion were simply the products of a well-developed libido and had nothing to do with the labels demanded by society. Her reassuring words did much to put Kayla at ease and the conversation soon flowed easily.

Kayla asked Beth innumerable questions about sexuality and about relationships. Her trust in the older woman's responses was evident. Without noticing, the two had moved closer as they talked, almost as if sharing secrets. Occasionally, one would reach out to touch a hand, a shoulder. Once, Kayla stroked Beth's long, blonde hair in complimenting her. These actions were all very natural and flowed simply from the conversation, but each time Beth felt a hand on hers, or on her leg, she would tremble with anticipation. Little did she know that her own touches were having a similar effect on her young confidante.

Partly from the liquor, partly from Kayla's need for reassurance, and partly because she had never told anyone else, Beth slowly began to tell the tale of her own bisexual awakening. As she began to talk, Kayla became entranced with the story she was hearing. For it was the story of a girl exploring her desires and discovering sex at a young age, along with her best friend.

[. . . and Beth regaled Kayla her early adventures and exploits . . .]

"Was that the only time you two got together?" asked Kayla, hoping that there was more to the story.

"Oh, there were a lot of other times, Kayla. Lots more!"

A silent but sensual nod was her only answer.

The apartment had grown quite dark as various candles had burned low, but the music held out, continuing to play softly in the background. The two women were getting more turned on by the minute. Kayla was pressing a hand against her mound whenever she thought Beth would not notice. Beth, for her part, was less physical but her excitement had completely soaked her crotch and a dark patch was forming between her legs. Beth offered Kayla an idea to help her out of her situation. "If you want, I won't mind if you do that a bit more openly," she said, motioning to the hand Kayla had pressed against her crotch.

Embarrassed at getting caught, Kayla softly asked, "is it okay?"

Beth took the girl's hand between her own and replied, "honey, that is the most sensual thing a woman can do with another woman. I would love it if you would pleasure yourself while I tell you stories." She pushed the younger woman back onto the deep pillows of the sofa.

Blushing, Kayla nodded her agreement. She unbuttoned the top button of her slacks and unzipped them slowly. Without taking them off she slipped her hand into the open space, beneath the elastic of her panties and smiled up at Beth. "Tell me more, Beth."

As she began the next portion of her tale, Beth was trembling with anticipation. Her eyes never left Kayla's hand as it slowly moved beneath the sheer fabric of her panties. Occasionally she would look up to her face. Kayla's eyes were closed tight as she imagined the scene opening up before her. That she was masturbating in front of Beth demonstrated the soothing effect of the older woman's voice, and of the trust that had already developed between the two in the previous hours.

No longer embarrassed, Kayla replied, "I'm glad, because it's your stories that are doing this to me. Do you mind that I'm doing this?"

"Of course not. How can I help?" replied Beth, her own cunt screaming for attention.

"Tell me more stories…"

[. . . ] 

Beth continued her tale. She had been saving up the best part for the end, and it was coming up on the end now. She wanted to bring Kayla to orgasm, then herself. They would do it right there in the living room, too, she planned.

[. . . ] 

Kayla's response was a loud moan and a hand moving in a blur at her cunt, then a scream as she reached a tremendous orgasm. Her whole body shook as she thrust almost her whole hand into her cunt. Her eyes were wide in ecstasy, staring but seeing nothing. Kayla's body continued to vibrate in orgasm as Beth watched. Her own hand was still pressed up against her mons, but was not moving. She did not need to move at all. Her nipples were rigid against the fabric of her top. Slowly, Kayla regained her senses. She looked across to Beth and told her, "that is the most incredible and erotic tale I have ever heard. Will you fuck me?"

Then they were running off into the bedroom hand in hand, aiming for the toy chest with Beth leading the way.