 "I'm sorry. I obviously mis-heard you," Kris tried to clarify, looking from Diane back to the counsellor. With a confused look, she started to shake her head. "We've all agreed here today that Diane and I are close to being back on track again as a reasonably healthy relationship, and that this should be our last session together. But you're recommending now that we go on as a couple to have some hypnotherapy?"

Diane watched the woman lean forward to her strikingly beautiful partner. The impatient side of her musician lover was all over her face and her arms were tightly folded. "It's not compulsory," the woman repeated, leaning towards Kris. "It's just I seem to recall something you both said we should set out to fix if we could. And we have barely scratched the surface of it, that's all." 

"Our sex life," Diane guessed aloud. The woman nodded and continued. "You both mentioned missing that zing, zest, the surge of lust, that it was nowhere like the way it was at the beginning."

"Isn't it just a problem because we have got used to each other over the past four years? If so, how can hypnosis possibly help?" a disbelieving Kris came back again. 

"This hypnotherapist claims to specialise in that side of lesbian relationships," the counsellor explained. "Every couple I've sent there has raved about the improvement in their sex life, that one area you both admitted needed an improvement. The most suitable candidates for it are couples where one person's life seems too busy, or very career-minded, or has a huge scarcity of quality time."

"Well, we have a 3 out of 3 match there between the pair of us," Diane chimed in wryly.

Two days later, she almost literally dragged a reluctant Kris into the waiting room. But even her own spirit drooped when the small bespectacled man in his shabby white coat came out. He had a droopy beagle look about him.

"Come in,come in," his shrill voice squeaked. As he picked up a file, Diane saw Kris' eyes roll as they followed him. As they took the offered chairs, he clumsily tried to sit down and read at the same time.

He pored for what seemed like ages over the notes from their counsellor, a shrill "aha" or "hmm" the only occasional noise. The two young women shuffled about as they watched him finish. Kris' patience snapped when he returned to an earlier page and began to read it again.

"How long will it be before we notice a difference?" she impolitely interrupted. Diane suppressed a giggle, knowing that her cynical girlfriend probably really wanted to ask what year they might in fact be finishing this appointment. 

He looked over his huge black rims at her, then down at the front of the page. "By 1.30 this afternoon if you both have the afternoon off," came the firm, high-pitched reply.

They both looked at their watches. It was 12.30 now, and he must have noticed from their address they lived 20 minutes away. 

"And by when would our sex life makesa full recovery," the skeptical Kris again chimed in.

"Oh, 1.45," was all he said, then bounced off his chair to his feet and handed each stunned girl a Post-It note pad and a pencil. "Just jot down the best erogenous zone sensation you have ever felt in your life, both of you, thanks," he trilled as he hastened a chair to Diane's side. "Be brief and 100% honest? I've seen them all by now," he added, as they hesitatingly began writing. 

"Good," he enthused reading when the first pad was handed back from Kris. "Very good," he reinforced scanning the second. "We're nearly done."

Both stunned girls briefly looked at each other and then at him. 

"You first," he indicated to Diane. He then waved his wrist at Kris. "As for you, turn your chair to face your friend's while I put her under. You'll be fully awake while your friend is being hypnotised, and vice versa, so there's no chance for any hanky-panky on my part."

As Kris watched in amazement, he put his fingers to Diane's forehead and began whispering intensely into her ear. Kris was unable to hear a word but almost instantly the attractive face became groggy and heavy-lidded. He kept up his soft and inaudible chanting then paused. Looking over at Kris, he grabbed her arm, slid his grip down to her hand, then isolated one of her fingers.

"You can speak now," he murmured turning his gaze back to Diane's obedient face. Kris just sat there thoroughly bemused. "Take hold of this. It's one of your girlfriend's fingers. Encase it in your palm and just gently hold it there."

Kris felt Diane's soft hand wrap around her finger. 

"Now, say yes," he instructed Diane. 

"Yes," Kris heard her literally droll.

"Tell me everything you noticed?" he enquired.

"I could feel the finger getting longer and slightly bigger. And it's making my palm tingle." Diane slowly replied. "God, the palm feeling's so delicious!" Kris sat there perplexed. Nothing had changed from her end.

"The inside of your palm feels exactly like your nipples did when they were kissed for the very first time, doesn't it," the small intense man suggested. Diane nodded. "Now, just say yes once more and tell me everything you feel again," he urged.

"Yes! Oh, God!" Diane gasped. "That's amazing. I can feel the finger getting even longer and thicker. And there's even a more of that amazing tingling in my palm if that's possible. Jesus, that feeling's so unblievable!" A confused Kris frowned. There was again nothing she had remotely felt or noticed just then. 

"You control the thickness, the length and the level of the inside sensation just by saying yes. But try saying no and tell me what happens, what you feel," the squeaky voice commanded.

"No." Diane paused "The finger seems to be getting smaller and shrinking, and the sensation level has dropped back, though it's still amazing," Diane continued.

"Exactly right! Yes," he beamed into her dazed eyes, then looked over his glasses at Kris. "And if you, my friend, withdraw your finger, it instantly turns off all these effects. Now, when I touch your forehead, you'll come out of this. All you'll remember is that you have the ability to do this any time with this partner. Just her. The trigger words to set you off are "I love you"."

"Now, your turn," he said, getting up and sweeping the chair around to sit beside Kris. "Exactly the same thing will happen, except the sensation in your palm will be exactly the same as the first time a girl teased your clitoris."

He reached across and touched Diane who sat up, fully alert. Then as she watched, he put his fingers to Kris' forehead and as her head drooped, he began the excited whisperings into her ear. 

Kris awoke. She knew from the smiling faces she had been under. A look at her watch told her it was just before 1 o'clock. And that she knew something she wanted Diane to try something out with her the moment they got into the car.

"That's it?" she asked. The diminutive eccentric doctor was nodding and smiling, almost comically indicating the way out.

Both girls somehow knew they had to race to the car outside, Diane flicking the remote when they were still metres from it. She was in the driver's seat only seconds after Kris had hastily pulled the passenger door closed.

Kris gripped Diane's finger, and both excitedly exclaimed "I love you". Then Kris eagerly said "yes" and paused. Diane rejoiced in the look of sheer ecstasy that started to fill her girlfriend's lovely face. "Yes," she heard Kris softly repeat, and saw her start squirming as the secret tingling increased on the suface of her palm.

Letting go and feeling the sensations subside, Kris leaned over and kissed Diane's mouth warmly in pure joy. Her tongue entered Diane's and began to dance inside her mouth. Leaving it there, Diane adjusted her mouth slightly to breathe. 

"Oh yes", Diane uttered gratefully, then begin to almost wail. "Yes! No!" a surprised Kris heard her as Diane fought to adjust the sensations in her mouth.

Kris felt Diane's tongue slip by hers into her own mouth. 

"Mmm, yes," she responded, then felt it unexpectedly widenen and grow. Her mouth was instantly filled with the most beautiful erotic tingling. She remembered that sensation. It was the same as that in that dark cinema when her first woman fondled her clitoris for the very first time.

"Yes," she cried again and almost swooned. "Too much! No!"

They broke apart wildly panting, laughing and looking excitedly at one another. Buckling up, they sped home. On the way, Kris began to analyse what had just happened and thought she now knew the essence of the trick they had just been taught. She had to test her theory though.

They tore from the car and into the bedroom, both excitedly pausing to scream "I love you". Diane turned to Kris with a wild look in her eyes and greedily presented both her palm and a slightly open mouth. 

Kris saw the disappointed look when she refused both, instead pushing her back onto the bed. Kris ripped Diane's panties in two as she tore them off. Falling between the shapely thighs she'd just forced apart, Kris sank her face into the hardness under the soft yielding curls. As her tongue forcefully thrust its way in, she heard Diane's instinctive "yes".

After the third yes in a minute, it seemed to Kris that Diane's mound was trying to grind itself on her mouth. She heard the earthy scream erupt from her lover an she felt the shuddering on her face as Diane climaxed.

Five minutes later as Diane's breathing started to come back to normal, Kris could finally free herself from the grip of the shapely legs that had stayed so tightly locked around her back. 

Looking down at the wild look beginning to take shape in Diane's eyes, she could tell she had now worked it out too. The trick seemed to work on any human body part inserted by one lover into any opening of the other. 

As her hands feverishly worked on lowering her slacks for her own turn, Kris looked at the time.

It was 1.43.

She guessed it had taken Diane just two minutes to explode. In the future, they'd no doubt try taking their time and eking their pleasure out over a longer timespan. 

But right now, Kris knew she needed a two minute, wham bam, 'four yes' wonder. 

Kris wryly smiled as Diane's excited hovering face lowered between her thighs. Their sex life had gone from nowhere through the roof.

That mad hypnotherapist had almost been right to the very minute!