 Alternative Medicine

Tanya Winters stared at the red light and then glanced at her watch. She was running late and was angry with herself, since it was her own fault. She was usually very punctual and, even with two kids, managed to get them both to wherever they needed to be on time. Band camp, football practice, recitals, swimming, school, boy scouts, she put more mileage on her minivan in the first year than the total that its five-year warranty allowed. She was almost never late, but here she was; still three miles from the dentist's office and already five minutes late.

She couldn't help it. She absolutely hated the dentist. She had a low tolerance for pain and dental work had scared her since she was a young child. The fear was unreasonable but unrelenting, and probably explained why this was her first visit in five years. Nothing short of the excruciating pain that her abscessed tooth was causing would have ever driven her to willingly go to a dentist. Even with the pain, she was dragging her feet.

She had chosen the dentist at random from the yellow pages. Dr. Kelly Taylor, DMD. Tanya had been drawn to the small ad with the words 'guaranteed pain-free dentistry'. She didn't believe it, but, then again, she didn't have anything to lose.

Dr. Taylor's office was located in a small complex in the old section of downtown. Tanya remembered reading somewhere that, since the renovation project had been approved, some politician or other had started a ruckus because the new area was being taken over by gays, but it seemed nice enough. As Tanya pulled into the parking lot, she noticed the variety of shops that made the strip mall: a tattoo parlor, a health food store, an adult bookstore, an ice-cream parlor.

She steeled herself and marched into the small office, fighting at every step the powerful inclination to just leave.

The reception area and waiting room were painted in a soothing pink, and the wood furniture was complemented by deep maroon upholstery. In the corner, a large television was quietly playing one of her favorite soaps. The receptionist was a dark-haired girl, whose body, despite her conservative attire, was shown off provocatively. Her brown eyes were what caught Tanya's attention, though, huge and expressive as a deer's.

"May I help you?" she inquired in a soft voice.

"Yes. Winters, a three o'clock appointment, I think?"

The girl opened the appointment book, and then went back to the bookcase filled with neatly stacked colored folders. Tanya noticed how short her skirt was, and when the girl bent over and her white lace stocking tops and the pretty pink garter clasps were revealed, she couldn't help but blushing. She wasn't in the habit of 'checking out' girls, but lately she had found herself appreciating feminine beauty more than in years past. The girl had some quality about her that was captivating.

"Is this your first visit?" she called over her shoulder.

"Yes," Tanya replied. The pain in her mouth flared up and she cradled her jaw in her hand.

"I'm sorry. You must be in real pain, but I need you to fill out these forms," she said, passing the redhead a clipboard. Tanya's hair was actually brown, but the summer sun had brought out so many highlights that it looked red. She pulled several stray strands back out of her face, and examined the clipboard.

They looked very much like standard fare, listing prior medical history and release forms. One thing did catch her eye, though: along with questions such as height, weight, etc., they had added a field for sexual orientation. She shrugged, finished the forms, and took them back to the window. The girl told her to have a seat and that the doctor would be right with her.

After a very short wait, she heard her name being called. She turned to the door behind her to find herself staring at a remarkable woman.

Dr. Kelly Taylor was tall and lean. Her lab coat was open, and she wore a blue, button-down men's oxford shirt and khaki slacks. Her face was chiseled and angular, but, behind her elegant glasses, the large blue eyes were soft and managed to give her a dreamy expression, framed by her blonde hair, pulled back in a ponytail.

"Right this way, please," she said, holding the door for Tanya.

Tanya had her face in her hand, and stumbled when she reached the threshold. The doctor immediately understood the urgency of the situation, and before the redhead knew it, she had a firm arm around her small waist and guided her into an examination room. Tanya practically collapsed into the dental couch as the dentist reached for a package of instruments. 

"Open," she commanded, but Tanya was petrified and didn't respond.

The dentist's face was set and she looked ready to scold her, but then the expression dissolved into one of almost motherly concern.

"Is it hurting that bad? Or are you just scared of dentists?" she asked softly.

"It's killing me. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't," Tanya whimpered.

"It's all right, baby. I'm not going to do anything to hurt you, but you are going to have to open up and let me look," she said in a soothing tone.

Tanya didn't even resent the overly informal address; it was actually very comforting. Despite being Super-Mom, she really wanted nothing more than to be babied when she was in pain. Dr. Taylor seemed to know that instinctively.

The doctor held up a long, gleaming steel instrument. Tanya involuntarily cringed.

"It's just a dental mirror, baby, not an instrument of torture. I won't even touch your tooth; I'll just hold the mirror behind it so I can see all around. Now, be a good girl and open wide for me," she said in a soft, soothing tone.

Tanya opened her mouth as wide as she could, and closed her eyes. She felt the cold steel brush across her upper lip, but nothing touched her sore tooth. After a few seconds, the doctor removed the implement and reassuringly squeezed her shoulder.

"You can close now, baby. Momma's done," she said as she placed the mirror back on the tray and pulled a prescription pad from her breast pocket.

Tanya laid there with her eyes closed, steeling herself for the torment she just knew was coming.

"You've got a nasty abscess," the dentist began, her voice strong and professional again.

"Is it going to have to come out?" Tanya asked, tears welling in her eyes.

"No, but I'll have to do a root canal on it," the dentist replied.

Root canal. At the mention of the dreaded words, Tanya broke into a cold sweat and cringed.

"Don't worry. Dental science has come a long way, and it isn't as painful as you have always heard," the tall dentist said, her voice once again soothing.

"I can't," Tanya whispered.

"Yes you can. In fact, you don't have a choice. If you let it go much longer it'll require dental surgery, and that is far more painful to recover from. Now, I am giving you a prescription for a heavy-duty antibiotic. You'll need to take them all and schedule an appointment in two weeks."

"You mean you aren't going to do anything to it now?" Tanya asked in confusion.

"Of course not, silly. All the lidocaine I have wouldn't be enough to deaden it right now. I do my best not to cause any pain to my patients. Once the infection is controlled and the pain is gone, we'll fix it. But I warn you, don't think that because the pain is gone, it's fine and skip your appointment, or it'll be back, and far worse."

"Can you give me something for the pain?" Tanya begged.

"Of course. Twelve Percocet tabs should be plenty," the dentist said as she scrawled another prescription.

"But it will be fourteen days before I come back!" the distraught woman exclaimed.

The dentist gave her a long, measuring look.

"You won't even need all twelve. You'll be out of pain by the end of the first week. You seem to be really terrified of pain."

"I am. I've been scared of coming to the dentist since I was a small child. I had to have an extraction done, and the dentist, Dr. Groves, promised me it wouldn't hurt. But it did. Terribly. He said the novocaine he had used doesn't work on me, but I've never trusted dentists again."

"Well, you're going to have to trust me," Dr. Taylor said contemplatively. She examined Tanya carefully, and then started to speak, but stopped herself. 

"What?" Tanya asked, feeling her fear rising again.

"Well, I practice a very radical technique in pain management. It's not AMA-approved by any stretch of the imagination, at least not yet, but it's scientifically valid, and I have had a one hundred percent success rate with it so far. Let me be clear, that is one hundred percent pain-free dentistry reported by each of my patients who have tried it. Like all pilot programs, it requires a lot of release forms and waivers. I don't want to be sued. After checking your medical history, and... other facts, I hadn't considered you a candidate, but if your phobia of dentistry is as severe as it seems, I might be persuaded to give you one of the timeslots for it. You failed to mention here you don't respond to regular anesthetics," she said, tapping the clipboard on the counter and scrawling a note on the forms.

"Please, let me try it. I never think to mention that, there's no slot for it on the medical thingies," Tanya responded instantly.

"Well, before you volunteer... It's more expensive than a regular root canal, because it requires more hygienists, and since it's experimental, your insurance won't cover it. But if you agree to allow me to use you as a case study, and to print the results when the experiment is done, I'll waive the cost above and beyond a regular root canal. That's going to mean regular visits and follow-ups for two years afterward, and taped interviews, as well as a lot of paperwork to be filled out."

"I'll try anything, if you only promise me it won't hurt."

The tall doctor's face softened again, making her seem more like a concerned mother than a medical professional.

"I can't promise you that, honey. Every person is different, and you are already outside the parameters of my preferred test subjects. I can promise you that no one has had any pain thus far. And you have my word: if you experience even a tiny bit, I will stop immediately, and we will go with some lab work to find an anesthetic that works for you," Kelly said soothingly.

"Sign me up," Tanya said after only a moment's hesitation.

"All right. Come on back to my office, there are a lot of forms you need to sign. Just take a seat, while I give these scripts to Mandy to call in... What's your preferred pharmacy?"

"Taggert's, on East Main," Tanya replied.

Kelly watched her walk back into her office, admiring the housewife's shapely behind. She stepped into the reception area, handed Mandy the scripts, and hastily scrawled out one more. The doe-eyed girl gave the dentist a look and arched an eyebrow.

"You sure about that?" she asked.

"Mandy, she's perfect. Doesn't react to regular anesthetics, and is absolutely terrified of pain," Kelly gushed.

"Yeah, but she isn't a lesbian."

"I know, I know, and I promised to keep it strictly to gay women during the first phase, but damn, you know I planned to move to het patients, and eventually even to men."

"And you agreed to keep it to our gay clients until we had the data to present a monograph to the American Journal of Medicine. If she goes nutso and reports it to the authorities, it could ruin everything. Why take that risk?"

"Because we'll never find one like this again. A straight woman who is so afraid of pain she won't complain about anything if it keeps her pain-free. I saw her face, lover. She's terrified. If we can present the endorsement of even one straight woman, it will mean the world to us in getting it published. I think the risk is worth it."

"You're the doctor and I'm just the receptionist, but I don't like it."

Kelly glanced out the glass window to see the waiting room was empty, then slipped her arms around Mandy, and gently cupped her breasts. She leaned over and began to nibble on the girl's ear.

"No fair!" Mandy giggled, while leaning back into Kelly's body.

"Mmm-hmm, totally fair," Kelly growled in her ear as she roughly pinched the girl's suddenly stiff nipples. She glanced at the appointment book and saw Tanya was the last patient for the day, and then pulled the girl to her feet and kissed her deeply.

"Now be a good little girl and call those scripts in. As soon as Mrs. Winter's leaves, close up and come back to my office for some dictation."

"Fucking me isn't gonna make me shut up about this you know?" the girl said in a breathy whisper.

"I know, that's why I keep the ball-gag in my desk, next to the strap-on. Now, get to it," Kelly said, slapping Mandy hard on the ass.

