 Veronica's car had come to a stop, and she couldn't get it to start again. She sat, frustrated and upset, inside her BMW on the side of a deserted country road, miles from any town. The skies were growing darker by the minute as storm clouds rolled in from the west, and the setting sun cast an eerie light on the horizon. "At least I'm near a house," she thought to herself. She grabbed her purse and her small suitcase and started walking towards the solitary wooden house which sat a few hundred yards back from the road. "I'll find out where the closest mechanic is, call them, and then get out of here," she said to herself as she opened the creaking iron gate and headed up the cement path towards the front porch. Veronica didn't notice any light coming from inside the house, which was run down and could have been abandoned. But it was her only option, and she hoped for a friendly face and some help.

She lifted the rusty door knocker and banged it three or four times. The wind was growing stronger and stronger, and it tousled her long, brown hair. She stood there in front of the door wearing only a lightweight wool suit jacket, silk blouse, and skirt. Veronica shivered, both from the chill of the wind and from a momentary sense of fear; The dark, dilapidated house was giving her the creeps. She was about to turn around and go back to her car when she heard the click of a lock, and the door slowly opened. "Hello?" she said quietly as she leaned to her left to peer into the doorway. Veronica gasped when she caught sight of her. In the doorway stood a wrinkled old woman. She was the ugliest woman Veronica had ever seen. Her face was misshapen with a large, crooked nose, deep sunken eyes, and a long, pointed chin. Her skin was covered with warts and moles, and her hair was a tangled mess of brittle gray strands. She stood there, hunched over, in a tattered black dress that mercifully hid from view the rest of her gaunt body. Her hands were skinny, with long, crooked fingers. The woman looked at Veronica, eyeing her from head to toe in a second, and then in a craggy, high-pitched voice said, "Can I help you?"

"Umm... yes. Yes, I hope so," Veronica stammered. Part of her thought she should just turn around and leave, but another part of her tried to overcome her fear and revulsion and get the help she needed. "My car broke down, and I haven't seen a phone for miles, and I need to call someone to come fix it, so..." Veronica spoke quickly and nervously. "You see, there's a storm coming, too, and I was hoping I could use your phone. I didn't mean to disturb you."

"Oh, dear, that's alright. I'd be happy to help you. Please come in," the woman said as she stepped back and opened the door wide to invite Veronica in. 'Oh what a perfect opportunity this is,' she thought to herself.

Veronica took a deep breath to gather her courage and stepped inside. She stood meekly aside as the decrepit, ancient woman slowly closed and locked the door. Veronica - a young, lovely vision with her pretty features, dressed in her tailored brown suit, tan stockings, and brown high heels - was a stark contrast to the wretched figure next to her. The old woman turned and hobbled towards the living room. "Come this way, dear. Make yourself comfortable and relax. You seem very upset."

"Thank you," she replied quietly, "I don't want to be any trouble. I'll just call a mechanic and go wait in my car."

"Don't be silly. You can certainly wait here. It's no bother at all. I don't have the pleasure of company very often," the woman said as sweetly as she could. "I'll make some tea for us."

Veronica decided not to argue. She figured she'd make her call, sit with the old woman for a few minutes, and then be gone. The woman turned on a lamp to light the room, and pointed to a phone in the far corner. "The phone is right there. I'm sorry but I don't have a phone book or the number for any local mechanics. You could try the operator I suppose," she told Veronica. "In the meantime, I'll be in the kitchen. Why don't you put your things down and have a seat on the sofa. I'll be back in a few minutes." Then she turned and walked through a doorway at the back of the room. Veronica looked around the dusty, shadowy room. There were several antique arm chairs in the corners, and two more in the center of the room which faced a coffee table and the sofa. Veronica set her purse and case down next to the sofa and walked over to the phone.

The old woman stood at a counter in the kitchen, two teacups and saucers in front of her. Into one of the cups she sprinkled powders from dark brown glass bottles while she mumbled incantations. She then poured tea from a pot into the cup and stirred the contents to dissolve the powder. Into the other cup, she put 3 drops of a liquid and then added tea to it. She carefully placed each cup onto a silver serving tray, the first cup furthest away from her and the second one closest to her. In between them she placed the teapot. She cackled to herself and then lifted the tray and walked back to the living room.

Veronica lifted the receiver but heard no sound. "Damn it!," she said in a muffled voice as she tapped the button on the phone cradle, hoping to get a dial tone. At that moment, the old woman slowly shuffled back into the room. "The phone's not working," Veronica said with frustration.

"Oh, it must be the storm," the old woman replied, knowing that it hadn't worked in years. "Well, I'm sure it will be fine in just a little while." She slid the tray onto the coffee table and placed the teacup furthest away from her on the end of the table nearest the sofa. "Come sit down, dear. Some tea will make you feel better. By the way, dear, what is your name?"

"Veronica. I'm sorry I didn't introduce myself," she replied blankly. Her mind was working on what to do next and how to get out of the house as quickly as possible.

"What a beautiful name; perfect for such a beautiful young girl. My name is Glenda." Veronica nodded and mumbled "thank you" in response to the compliment. She turned to the window and stared out into the darkness, transformed a moment later by a flash of lightning. "Please come sit with me, Veronica. I'm so happy to have you here."

Veronica sighed, and walked over to sit on the sofa. Glenda sat in one of the chairs across the table from the sofa, and she watched Veronica intently. Veronica did not notice Glenda's stare as she consciously avoided looking at the grotesque woman. She also had no idea as to Glenda's evil intention, which was to poison her with the potion in her teacup. The powders mixed into the tea would transform the beautiful brunette into a hideous old hag as soon as she drank it. "You should try the tea. It will soothe you, dear."

"Oh, thank you, but I'm really not thirsty," Veronica protested gently.

"It's a special variety I make myself. I think you will really like it. Please try it," Glenda persisted. 'Oh, I almost have her now,' Glenda thought to herself. 'Drink it, drink it, my pretty little miss, drink it. Then I will watch as my spell is cast and you become a horrible, wretched creature. You will see your precious mortal beauty melt away and you will beg me to remove the spell, to change you back, and I will only laugh as you look at yourself in horror. You can not stand to look at me... well, you will certainly never be able to look at yourself again!'

Veronica shrugged and slid forward to pick up the cup and saucer. The tea was still steaming hot, and she softly blew on it to cool it. As she was about to bring the cup up to her lips, a loud crack of thunder rumbled overhead and shook the house. The electric light flickered, and then went out. Veronica sat perfectly still in the total darkness, frightened and very uncomfortable. She heard Glenda stand and shuffle across the floor. "Don't worry, Veronica. I have some candles. I'll have them lit in a minute," she told her.

As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, Veronica set the cup and saucer down on the table and watched Glenda strike a match and light 3 candles in a candlabra at one end of the room. As the old woman moved slowly to the other side of the room and lit several more candles which were on the mantle of the fireplace, Veronica reached again for the cup and saucer. She made a split second decision and took the one from the tray and silently replaced it with the one she had held just moments ago. Glenda could not see this as she was busy lighting the candles. Something inside of Veronica made her switch them, but she didn't know what it was. Before she could think about it any further, Glenda returned and stood by her chair.

The room took on a warm, soft glow from the burning candles with muted shadows cast from all directions. "There now, that's not too bad, is it?" she asked of her guest, and watched intently as Veronica brought the cup up to sip from it.

"Aren't you going to have some, too?" Veronica asked her as she glanced up at Glenda.

"Oh, yes, I certainly am," she replied as she bent forward and lifted the cup and saucer from the tray. Veronica paused as Glenda lifted the cup with a shaking right hand and then they each silently drank the tea. 

Veronica thought she saw a tiny, wicked smirk come across Glenda's lips as they both swallowed the last of the tea. A moment later, a deep, gasping groan escaped from the old woman's mouth, her eyes opened wide, and in the next few moments, an incredible metamorphosis took place. 

This horribly ugly, old hag was transformed into a stunning, sensuous, feminine beauty. A mane of long, golden blonde hair now cascaded onto her shoulders and down her back. Her complexion was flawless as if she were a porcelain doll, and the features of her face were radiantly beautiful. Gone were the crooked, rotted teeth, and in their place were perfect, straight white ones that would form a sweet, radiant smile framed by tender, pouty, red lips. Her large doe-like eyes were deep, sparkling blue and possessed a look of gentle innocence and wonder. Her smooth, slender neck led down to her two perfect, full, round breasts which nearly spilled out over the plunging neckline of a tiny, black dress. The skin tight dress clung to every inch of her body, especially her sleek waist and womanly hips and ass, while the hem barely came down to the middle of her thighs. It did conceal the lace bands of the sheer black seamed stockings that adorned her long, exquisite legs. Her statuesque figure and shapely legs were accentuated even more by the simple yet utterly feminine, black leather, stilletto-heeled pumps on her feet. Her hands, once so gnarled, were now soft and smooth, with long, delicate fingers and sculpted deep red fingernails. Where only moments ago stood a hideous, repulsive old woman, now was a breathtakingly beautiful young woman.

Veronica gasped at the sight of Glenda and dropped the cup and saucer she had been holding in her hands. As they crashed to the floor, Glenda looked down at herself and gasped, too.

"Oh no! What happened?!? Oh no, no, no!" she cried out in horror as her cup and saucer fell to the floor.

Veronica could not respond, still stunned by what she saw. Glenda touched her face, hair, and body in shock and disbelief as she sobbed, "What have you done?!? This wasn't supposed to happen!" Her voice was now sweet and melodic, but Veronica could hear anger and despair in it. "And look at you! You haven't changed! Oh, you tricked me, didn't you? You switched the cups!," Glenda wailed. "How could this happen to me?!? Oh, I must find an antidote," she moaned desperately.

"But why?..." Veronica finally whispered. "What did you try to do?"

"I wanted to cast a spell on you, to rob you of your beauty and make you ugly and old. The potion was to completely transform you," Glenda replied.

"And that's what made you so... so beautiful?", Veronica asked in awe.

"Augh!," Glenda cried out as if the word 'beautiful' caused her great pain. "Yes! I mistakenly drank it and was transformed into THIS!," Glenda said with disgust. "Oh, I must do something!" With that, she turned and ran into the kitchen. Wearing the tight dress and high heels, Glenda ran with short, graceful, feminine steps that only emphasized even more her amazingly beautiful new body. She began searching frantically through dozens of bottles on the shelves. Veronica followed behind, growing more curious by the moment and struggling with how the now young and gorgeous Glenda could be so repulsed by her beauty.

"I don't understand. You were so ugly, and now you're incredibly beautiful. Why does that upset you?," she asked. "Women have always searched for ways to possess beauty, and now you, you have that!"

Glenda glared at Veronica. "I am a sorceress. A witch. I am wicked and evil, and my form gives me the power of fear and intimidation over mere mortals. I cannot lose that!" Glenda replied harshly.

Veronica paused and then said softly, "But, beauty and desire are very powerful, too." She felt a warm glow inside herself, and was a bit lightheaded. She found herself reaching out to gently touch Glenda on the shoulder. "A beautiful, seductive woman can have great power over others, and with the beauty you now have, no one could resist you. No one."

Glenda stopped her search again to turn and look at Veronica. There was a look in her eyes Glenda had never before seen in anyone's eyes. The brunette sighed and asked innocently, "Haven't you every experienced real sensual, physical desire? Some people would say that it makes them feel… wicked." As she spoke, Veronica tentatively reached out and lightly ran her fingertips over Glenda's cheek and stroked her hair. "I can't believe what's happening...," she said, a confused, dreamy look on her face. "Was there something in the tea I drank? Did you cast a spell on me?", Veronica whispered.

Glenda smiled as she heard this, a familiar feeling of power returning to her but in a new, different way. It was mixed with physical sensations of her altered body. She was aware of strange stimulations she had never felt before - they were different, but not unpleasant. She realized that the liquid she had put in her own tea seemed to have had an effect on Veronica, and Glenda was becoming less upset as every moment passed. 'Well, perhaps this isn't so terrible,' she allowed herself to consider. Now she wanted to see how much control she had over Veronica.

In a coy, innocent voice Glenda said, "No, the only spell cast was on me."

"But, I've never felt this way towards another woman before," Veronica replied.

"What way is that?" Glenda asked softly, trying to draw more from her.

"I, I can't explain it. I'm drawn to you. I can't take my eyes off of you. I want to be near you, and touch you..." Her fingers glided down through Glenda's golden locks and lingered as her hand reached the end of those silken strands.

Glenda now sensed that she possessed a growing power over Veronica. Wanting to test it, she coldly replied, "That makes no difference to me. Leave me alone now so I can create the potion that will return me to my former self."

"Oh, no. Please don't," Veronica pleaded with an aching voice, "That would be so terrible. There must be something I can do to convince you. Please, Glenda, please stay as beautiful as you are now." She paused and then added, "For me." Veronica moved closer to face Glenda, and gently placed her hands on the firm hips of the beautiful sorceress while looking longingly into her blue eyes.

"Why should I remain this way?" Glenda asked softly but indignantly. "I want to return to my natural form."

"But you're now so young and beautiful, and there are so many pleasures you could experience now. A soft, warm kiss… a gentle caress... all of the pleasures that a woman can feel," the brunette answered. Her breathing was deeper now, and her cheeks blushed as she spoke. "I've never done this before, but, I know I can please you!"

Glenda was very curious now. She had never cast a spell before where someone had begged her in this way - not to remove the spell, but to keep it. And there was something very pleasurable about the way this beautiful young woman touched her. Glenda no longer wished to rob Veronica of her beauty. She now found herself strangely excited by the pleas of this pretty female mortal. 'Hmmm, this attention is very nice,' she thought.

"Why do you say that I'm so beautiful Veronica?," she whispered in a teasingly innocent way. She spoke with such vulnerability and sweetness that resisting her would be impossible. Glenda had possessed this body for only a few minutes, but she was already learning to use its beauty and eroticism.

Veronica's lower lip trembled, and she sighed once more. She was overcome by desires she had never felt before, and words that she had never spoken or even imagined began to come forth without a second thought.

"Everything about you is so perfect... your beautiful face, your hair... your body is so incredibly sexy, especially in these clothes... Glenda, you've become the most desirable woman in the world! It would be such a shame for you to change that." Her voice was now no more than a whisper as she continued. "I have never seen a more beautiful, more feminine woman." Veronica's hands gently stroked Glenda's hips for a moment, then slowly slid up her sides. Her fingers toyed with the neckline of the dress and the soft skin of Glenda's chest. "This dress is so revealing and so seductive... those black stockings look fabulous on your long legs. Even the high heels you're wearing! A beautiful woman in high heels is so sexy..." She sighed and stared down at Glenda's legs and feet as she said this. "If you stay this way, I will do everything I can to bring you all the sensuous pleasures you could ever imagine. I know what arouses and satisfies a woman. I know you will love the way I can make you feel." 
 Veronica brought her face up to Glenda's, and hesitantly, gently pressed her lips to Glenda's in the most soft, erotic kiss she could give. The beautiful blonde wanted to resist, but she could not ignore the sensual, sexual arousal stirring inside her. She had never kissed anyone before, but she tried to duplicate what Veronica was doing, and in a moment, she was returning the sweet, passionate kiss. Glenda realized that she could learn so much about these physical pleasures from Veronica.

As the kiss ended a few moments later, Glenda softly said, "You really do think I'm beautiful, don't you?"

"Oh, yes," Veronica replied earnestly, and then asked, "And do you find me attractive? Do I arouse you at all?"

Glenda thought about it the questions for a second or two, and then nodded, saying, "Yes, I think so. What else can you do to arouse me?"

Veronica smiled and blushed again, then said, "I can undress for you." Her hands slipped away from Glenda's hips, and she shrugged off her brown jacket, tossing it aside on the floor. She stared at Glenda as she began to unbutton her white silk blouse. "I hope you like what I'm wearing underneath this," she whispered as she tugged the blouse out of the waistband of her skirt and revealed a white lace bra which strained to contain her full breasts, now heaving in excitement. She dropped the blouse on top of the discarded jacket, reached around her back to unzip her skirt, then moved her hips from side to side to slide it off. Veronica let the skirt drop to the floor around her feet, and carefully stepped out of it before bending down to pick it up and toss it onto the pile of clothes. She stood in front of Glenda wearing a beautiful, matched set of lingerie - the white lace bra, a white lace garter belt attached to her tan stockings, and tiny lace bikini panties. Her perfect body was made even more erotic and alluring by the fine, feminine lingerie. Veronica felt even more aroused now, and looked carefully at Glenda's face to see her reaction.
