 Veronica's car had come to a stop, and she couldn't get it to start again. She sat, frustrated and upset, inside her BMW on the side of a deserted country road, miles from any town. The skies were growing darker by the minute as storm clouds rolled in from the west, and the setting sun cast an eerie light on the horizon. 

"At least I'm near a house," she thought to herself. She grabbed her purse and her small suitcase and started walking towards the solitary wooden house which sat a few hundred yards back from the road. "I'll find out where the closest mechanic is, call them, and then get out of here," she said to herself as she opened the creaking, iron gate and headed up the cement path towards the front porch. Veronica didn't notice any light coming from inside the house, which was run down and easily could have been abandoned. But it was her only option, and she hoped for a friendly face and some help. She lifted the rusty door knocker and banged it three or four times. The wind was growing stronger and stronger, and it tousled her long, brown hair. She stood there in front of the door wearing only a lightweight wool suit jacket, silk blouse, and skirt. Veronica shivered, both from the chill of the wind and from a momentary sense of fear. The dark, dilapidated house was giving her the creeps. She was about to turn around and go back to her car when she heard the click of a lock, and the door slowly opened. "Hello?" she said quietly as she leaned to her left to peer into the doorway. 

Veronica gasped when she caught sight of her. In the doorway stood a wrinkled old woman. She was the ugliest woman Veronica had ever seen. Her face was misshapen with a large, crooked nose, deep sunken eyes, and a long, pointed chin. Her skin was covered with warts and moles, and her hair was a tangled mess of brittle gray strands. She stood there, hunched over, in a tattered black dress that mercifully hid from view the rest of her gaunt body. Her hands were bony, with long, crooked fingers. The woman looked at Veronica, eyeing her from head to toe in a second, and in a craggy, high-pitched voice said, "Can I help you?" 

"Umm... yes. Yes, I hope so," Veronica stammered. Part of her wanted to just turn around and leave, but another part of her struggled to overcome the fear and revulsion and get the help she needed. "My car broke down, and I haven't seen a phone for miles, and I need to call someone to come fix it, so..." Veronica spoke quickly and nervously. "You see, there's a storm coming, too, and I was hoping I could use your phone. I didn't mean to disturb you." 

"Oh, dear, that's alright. I'd be happy to help you. Please come in," the woman said as she stepped back and opened the door wide to invite Veronica in. 'Oh how perfect this is,' she thought to herself. 

Veronica took a deep breath - both a sigh of relief and to gather her courage to enter the house - and stepped inside. She stood meekly aside as the decrepit, ancient woman slowly closed and locked the door. Veronica - a young, lovely vision with her pretty features, dressed in her tailored brown suit, tan stockings, and brown high heels - was a stark contrast to the wretched figure next to her. The old woman turned and hobbled towards the living room. "Come this way, dear. Make yourself comfortable and relax. You seem very upset." 

"Thank you," she replied quietly, "I don't want to be any trouble. I'll just call a mechanic and go wait in my car." 

"Don't be silly. You can certainly wait here. It's no bother at all. I don't have company very often," the woman said as sweetly as she could. "I'll make some tea for us." 

Veronica decided not to argue. She figured she'd make her call, sit with the old woman for a few minutes, and then be gone. The woman turned on a lamp to light the room, and pointed to a phone in the far corner. "The phone is right there. I'm sorry but I don't have a phone book or the number for any local mechanics. You could try the operator I suppose," she told Veronica. "In the meantime, I'll be in the kitchen, brewing some tea. Why don't you put your things down and have a seat on the sofa. I'll be back in a few minutes." With that, she turned and walked through a doorway at the back of the room. 

Veronica looked around the dusty, shadowy room. There were several antique arm chairs in the corners, and two more in the center of the room which faced a coffee table and the sofa. Veronica set her purse and case down next to the sofa and walked over to the phone. 

The old woman stood at a counter in the kitchen, two teacups and saucers in front of her. Into one of the cups she sprinkled powders from dark brown glass bottles while she mumbled incantations. She then poured tea from a pot into the cup and stirred the contents to dissolve the powder. Into the other cup, she put 3 drops of a liquid and then added tea to it. She carefully placed each cup onto a silver serving tray, the first cup furthest away from her and the second one closest to her. In between them she placed the teapot. She cackled to herself and then lifted the tray and began to walk back to the living room. 

Veronica lifted the receiver but heard no sound. "Damn it!," she said in a muffled voice as she tapped the button on the phone cradle, hoping to get a dial tone. She tried again, and then a third time as the old woman slowly shuffled back into the room. 

"The phone's not working," Veronica said with frustration. 

"Oh, it must be the storm," the old woman replied, knowing that it had been years since it worked. "Well, I'm sure it will be fine in just a little while." She slid the tray onto the coffee table and placed the teacup furthest away from her on the end of the table nearest the sofa. 

"Come sit down, dear. Some tea will make you feel better. By the way, dear, what is your name?" 

"Veronica. I'm sorry I didn't introduce myself," she replied blankly. Her mind was working on what to do next and how to get out of the house as quickly as possible. 

"What a beautiful name. Perfect for such a beautiful young girl. My name is Glenda." Veronica nodded and mumbled "thank you" in response to the compliment. She turned to the window and stared out into the darkness, illuminated a moment later by a flash of lightning. 

"Please come sit with me, Veronica. I'm so happy to have you here." Veronica sighed, and walked over to sit on the sofa. Glenda sat in one of the chairs across the table from the sofa, and she watched Veronica intently. Veronica did not notice Glenda's stare as she consciously avoided looking at the grotesque woman. She also had no idea as to Glenda's evil intention, which was to poison her with the potion in her teacup. The powders mixed into the tea would cause the beautiful brunette to be transformed into a hideous old woman as soon as she drank it. 

"You should try the tea. It will soothe you, dear." 

"Oh, thank you, but I'm really not thirsty," Veronica protested gently. 

"But it's a special variety I make myself. I think you will really like it - Please try it," Glenda persisted. She was so close now, Glenda thought to herself. 'Come on now, you vain, little pretty girl - drink it. Then I will watch with delight as you are transformed into a horrible old creature, and you will beg me to remove the spell, to change you back, and I will only laugh as you look at yourself in horror. You can't even stand to look at me. Well, you will never be able to look at yourself again!' 

Veronica shrugged and slid forward to pick up the cup and saucer. The tea was still steaming hot, and she softly blew on it to cool it. As she was about to bring the cup up to her lips, a loud crack of thunder rumbled overhead and shook the house. The light flickered, and then went out. Veronica sat perfectly still in the total darkness, frightened and very uncomfortable. She heard Glenda stand and shuffle across the floor. "Don't worry, I have some candles. I'll have them lit in a minute," she told her. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, Veronica set the cup and saucer down on the table and watched Glenda strike a match and light 3 candles in a candlabra at one end of the room. 

As the old woman moved slowly to the other side of the room and lit several more candles which were on the mantle of the fireplace, Veronica reached again for the cup and saucer. Something - fear, intuition, a feeling - made her stop, and then take the cup from the tray and silently replaced it with the one she had held just moments ago. Veronica's heart began pounding, and her hands trembled ever so slightly. Something inside of her made Veronica switch them, but she didn't know what it was. Before she could think about it any further, Glenda returned and stood by her chair. 

The room took on a warm, soft glow from the burning candles with muted shadows cast from all directions. "There now, that's not too bad, is it?" she asked of her guest, and watched intently as Veronica brought the cup up to sip from it. "Aren't you going to have some, too?" Veronica asked her as she glanced up at Glenda. "Oh, yes, I certainly am," she replied as she bent forward and lifted the cup and saucer from the tray. Veronica paused as Glenda lifted the cup with a shaking right hand and then they each silently drank. Veronica thought she saw just the slightest hint of a smirk come across Glenda's lips as she watched Veronica finish her tea. Glenda then swallowed the last drops from her cup. A moment later, a low, pained moan escaped from the old woman's mouth, her eyes opened wide, and in the next few moments, an incredible metamorphosis took place. 

This horrible, ugly old woman was transformed into a stunning, feminine young beauty. A mane of long, golden blonde hair now cascaded onto her shoulders and down her back. Her skin was flawless and her face had perfect, beautiful features like a porcelain doll. Where crooked, rotted teeth had been moments before, now radiant white teeth sparkled, surrounded by full, moist, red lips. Her large doe-like eyes were deep blue and possessed a gentle innocence. The lines of her smooth, delicate neck led down to her chest and two full, round, perfect breasts which nearly spilled out over the plunging neckline of a tiny, black dress. The sexy, skin tight dress clung to every inch of her slender waist and sleek, curvy hips and ass, while the hem scarcely came down to the middle of her thighs. It did conceal the lace bands of the sheer black seamed stockings that adorned her long, shapely legs. On her feet were a pair of simple yet utterly feminine black leather pumps with stiletto high heels that accentuated her statuesque figure and alluring legs. Her hands, once so gnarled, were now soft and smooth, with long, feminine fingers and fingernails that were perfectly shaped and coated with deep red polish. Where only moments ago stood a hideous, repulsive old hag, now was this perfect woman, possessing the most alluring, most beautiful features imaginable. 

Veronica gasped at the sight of Glenda and dropped the cup and saucer she had been holding in her hands. As they crashed to the floor, Glenda looked down at herself, and gasped, too as she realized for the first time that she had been changed. 

"Oh no!" she exclaimed in a soft, sweet, innocent voice. Her cup and saucer slipped from her grasp and fell to the floor, then Glenda brought her hands up to tentatively touch her face. Her fingertips lightly grazed the smooth skin of her cheeks, then ran gently through her luxurious hair and down to her breathtakingly beautiful body. She touched her breasts as if they were fragile and foreign to her, but then stroked her sides and hips more firmly. Glenda turned her hips ever so slightly back and forth, softly brushing her stocking-covered thighs and knees against each other. She stared down at herself all the while, and then looked up at Veronica. There was an expression on Glenda's face that was unlike any Veronica had ever seen. Soulful blue eyes, opened wide in wonder, shock, and even fear; cheeks blushed red. In a quivering voice, she hesitantly asked, "Am I ... pretty?" 

Veronica was stunned. First overwhelmed as she watched Glenda transformed into this gorgeous woman, and now, she couldn't believe her ears as the beautiful blonde standing before her asked with such uncertainty if she was pretty! 'My god! You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life!,' thought Veronica. She was so overcome by what had just happened that she stood motionless, unable to do anything. She was aware of her pulse pounding through her body and her head, and her chest heaved in and out as she nearly gasped for each breath. But at that moment, despite her own fear, Veronica was touched by Glenda's question as she sensed the genuineness in this stunning but somewhat frightened young woman. Veronica could see it in her eyes - Glenda really wanted to know if Veronica thought she was pretty. Her heart went out to Glenda, and she slowly nodded her head while trying to swallow. Veronica licked her lips and managed to whisper, "Yes... very pretty." 

Glenda's face was radiant now, blushing even more, eyes sparkling, and smiling sweetly. Veronica's response pleased her very much, and Veronica could see that in her reaction. There was something about her that was drawing Veronica in, something Veronica had never felt before in her life. She wasn't aware of it, but inside of her there was a longing to know more, a longing to touch Glenda and see if this beautiful vision before her was real. Veronica too was frightened, but her curiosity gnawed at her and she was compelled to ask what had happened, and what was going to happen. Although a hundred questions whirled around inside her mind, Veronica could only manage to softly say, "Why?" 

Glenda knew what Veronica was asking, and she cast her eyes down ashamedly. "I'm sorry, Veronica. I need to explain so much to you," she began. Looking into Veronica's eyes for just a moment before looking away again, she sighed and quietly said, "I am a sorceress, a witch, and I tried to give you a potion that would take away your youth and your beauty. In some way I was jealous of you, and that evil jealousy drove me to try to transform you into a horrible old woman like me." Her voice grew more emotional as she continued. "I am so sorry that I tried to hurt you. I promise I won't ever try to harm you again." 

There was an aching sorrowfulness to Glenda's words, and as she lifted her head to look at Veronica, the expression on her face clearly showed shame and sadness. "I hope you can forgive me." 

Veronica's head was spinning again as she tried to comprehend this confession that Glenda was a witch who had tried to poison her. A confession that was even more amazing coming from the now young and gorgeous Glenda, who stood there asking, genuinely and emotionally, to be forgiven. Veronica listened to the words again in her mind while staring intently at Glenda, and battled with her own emotions. Part of her was terrified and wanted to just turn and run from this house, while part of her found Glenda to be sincere in her confessions and her apology. Veronica felt her heart aching to comfort the contrite beauty, and felt a tingling in her belly, a tingling of arousal. By drinking the tea meant for Veronica, Glenda had cast a spell on herself, but had she also cast some kind of spell on Veronica? She felt lightheaded, and wondered if there had been something in the tea that Glenda had intended to drink that was now affecting her. Veronica continued to gaze at Glenda, and then whispered, "So, the potion transformed you instead?" 

"Yes. I drank from your cup and..." Her voice trailed off. 

"Will it wear off?" Veronica asked. 

"The spell is eternal, and only if I drink an antidote could it be removed. But," Glenda quickly added, "now that I have taken on this new form, I don't want to be that evil, old woman again. I don't ever want to try to hurt you again." 

"Are you angry that I switched the cups?" Veronica whispered hesitantly. 

"Oh, no. No, Veronica, I'm not angry with you." Glenda's voice conveyed a gentleness and sincerity that comforted Veronica as she listened to the reply. Veronica began to realize that not only had Glenda's physical form been completely changed but her personality and mind seemed to be totally different, too. She was no longer wicked or evil. The innocence and sweet emotions she now displayed were real. 

"I would love to stay like I am now, if you want that too, and if you'll stay with me," Glenda whispered. "Everything is so new and different to me now, I've never felt this way before." She looked into Veronica's eyes and said, "Please show me how to be a beautiful woman, Veronica, and to know the pleasures of it." Glenda's pleas were swaying Veronica. The urges to be near Glenda, to comfort this sweet, vulnerable woman were growing stronger, and they were mixed with intense sexual attraction. Veronica was shocked and frightened as she realized that she was experiencing erotic, physical feelings for this incredibly sexy female, but she could feel herself being drawn to Glenda as if it were out of her own control. 'It must be a spell...' she thought to herself as she struggled with these feelings. 

"I don't know what I could do," Veronica whispered. 

Glenda slowly walked around the table that separated them and stood to the side, just a few feet from Veronica. She reached out her right hand and said, "You can show me how to feel the pleasures that a pretty, young woman feels. Won't you please stay here with me?" 

"But... A man could... You could have anyone you want..." Veronica spoke in halting whispers as her left hand moved just slightly towards Glenda's outstretched hand. 

"But you're here with me, and I want to learn from you," Glenda whispered in an innocent yet seductive way. "Veronica, please don't be afraid of me." 

Veronica took a step forward and slipped her hand into Glenda's. They stood only inches apart, looking into each other's eyes. Veronica was aware of how soft the skin of Glenda's hand was, and she breathed in the lovely, perfumed scent of the blonde. Her heart was beating hard and fast now, and her mouth was so dry. "Please tell me if you really think I'm beautiful, Veronica. No one has ever said that to me before." 

"You are. You are very beautiful, Glenda," she said softly but emphatically. Veronica's longing for her was now almost too much to bear, and she started to speak again, pausing to try to put into words what she was feeling. "Very, very beautiful... I, I've never..." 

Glenda interrupted by whispering urgently, "Oh, please." Veronica embraced Glenda and their lips met in a soft, sweet, erotic kiss. Veronica shivered from the electricity of the moment - her first passionate taste of another woman. She held Glenda close to her, left hand cradling the back of the blonde sorceress' head and her fingers intertwined with the luxurious mane of hair while her right hand caressed the firm, arched small of her back through the slinky black dress. Veronica kissed her deeply, and gently slid her tongue between Glenda's tender lips. Any reservations she had were now gone. Veronica was completely aroused by this erotic female who possessed supernatural powers, and she gave in to every sexual urge she now felt. 'Oh, this is incredible!,' she thought to herself as they continued to hold and kiss each other. 

After several minutes, their lips parted and each woman softly gasped for breath. Glenda's eyes were closed, and with her head tilted back slightly, she seemed to be lost in a dream. She pursed her lips and cooed, "Ooh, Veronica, that was fantastic." She opened her eyes and looked longingly at Veronica while saying, "I've never experienced anything so wonderful before. I want more. Hold me and touch me. I want to feel even more of the pleasure of this body... my new body." 
