 Part 06

Note: This is a work of fiction and any resemblance of any characters to any persons, real or fictitious, is purely coincidental and unintentional. 

Note 2: This work includes themes of a graphic sexual nature and involves person who, although entirely fictional, are all above the legal age of consent. This story is set in the slightly historical, but primarily imagined world of Ancient Rome, however, no offense is intended to any persons or cultures if I have mis-portrayed any historical, factual, or cultural aspects of the setting; the setting is used solely for its exotic and romantic attributes. If you find anything in this work objectionable or offensive, please move on to other content.

Note 3: This work is my own personal intellectual property. Copyright © 2017 Audrey07. All rights reserved.

**************

Chapter 5: The Harvest

By the time Cassia and her handmaidens made their way to the dining hall, the house was abandoned. All of the household staff had gone out to the vineyard to work the harvest. Gaia had left behind some fruit and lambs milk flavored with honey for their breakfast with a note that a servant would come to fetch them shortly. They ate in relative silence. None of the three were ready to discuss the previous nights' adventure. For some time, they had difficulty even making eye contact with one another, but, eventually, they settled into their ordinary routine.

About an hour later, the old woman who ran the kitchen came to them with orders to bring the three out to the vineyard to assist with the grape harvest. She brought them old tunics to wear instructed them to go change out of their finery. When they were all ready, the woman brought them out to the vineyards.

A large crowd had assembled at the low stone wall that bordered the vineyard. The household staff was present, as were numerous other workers, some of whom Cassia recognized from the village. Harvesting the grapes was labor intensive and was therefore handled on a cooperative, community basis. Each house would lend their staffs and servants to help the others in turn. Gaia was at the head of the crowd walking up and down giving instructions. Cassia noticed a well-dressed man standing off to the side that she did not recognize. The kitchen servant explained that he was an official from the emperor's palace and that he was there to oversee the operation. He was, as it turned out, their master, the official to whom Gaia reported.

When Gaia was finished addressing the crowd, they each took a large reed basket from a stack by the wall and dispersed among the rows of vines to begin their work. Gaia then came over to the girls and led them to a tent with a long wooden plank table. She explained that their job would be to inspect the grapes as they came in from the fields. She had several bunches of grapes with her and she carefully showed the girls how to tell if the grapes had any rot or insect damage, which ones to discard and how to handle them without damaging them. 

When she left them. Athalia and Cassia were relieved. Instead of toiling in the hot, dusty fields all day, they would be permitted to stay in the tent, under the shade. "This will not be so bad," Athalia said. "We might even make a game of it to entertain ourselves."

"Well," said Cassia, "It will not be a difficult task in any event. Besides, it is not as if there is anything else to do. All of the villagers are here to work -- I'll bet not even the shops or food stalls are open today."

Ligeia, who was more worldly than her companions, said nothing. She did not want to upset her domina unnecessarily. 

Before long, the first of the workers returned with his basket of grapes. He dumped them on the table and then departed for the field once more. "See," said Athalia, "How easy this will be! Here," she said, dividing the pile of grapes into three separate piles. "I will wager that I can finish mine before either of you!"

"Oh?" replied Ligeia, "What will you wager? You have nothing. At least I have these!" She giggled, exposing her breasts to the other two.

"Whoever is last" decided Cassia, "must try to seduce Gaia."

"No, not that!" Ligeia complained. "She is impossible! She is like a eunuch. No one can seduce her."

"Whoever loses," said Athalia, "Must wash the feet of the others." They all laughed and agreed to the terms. They were in good cheer as they set about sorting the grapes. They had each managed to reduce the piles before them to a few clusters when the next worker showed up and dumped a fresh basket of grapes onto the table. Still, it was not an insurmountable task, and their mood remained light. They chatted and jested with each other as they worked. But before long, more workers began returning, each dumping a fresh basket of grapes on the table. Before the sun had reached the zenith, the long table had been piled high, and the girls were falling behind. Faster and faster they tried to work, but to no avail. They could not keep up and there was no sign that the workers were about to let up.

A while later, Gaia rang a bell signaling that it was time for the midday meal. The workers began filing in from the vineyard, each looking more hot and tired and weary than the others. Wine and bread and cheeses were distributed to them and they each went off to find some shade where they could consume their repast. The Aminean grapes grown in the vineyard only grew in proximity to elm trees, and so elms had been planted at regular intervals up and down the rows. These low, squatty trees provided ample shade for the workers.

Cassia sent Ligeia to go retrieve some nourishment for the three of them, but she returned sullen and empty-handed. "The witch told me that we could not eat until we were caught up with the morning harvest and that we'd better hurry because the workers will start up again in a little while."

Cassia was too exhausted to be outraged. Instead, she threw up her hands in despair. "We will never be finished. This is impossible!" She threw a bunch of grapes at Ligeia, who shrieked and ducked. 

"This is not MY fault," she said, "SHE probably did something to anger the evil witch, Gaia!" She threw a bunch of grapes at Athalia. It hit her on the shoulder and left a wet splatter on her tunic.

Athalia made a face and threw a bunch of grapes at both of the other two. "It's YOUR fault" she said mockingly at Ligeia. "You're the slutty one!" In an instant, all three were facing off, clutching handfuls of grapes and lodging them like missiles at each other. They ducked and dodged and chased each other around the tent, laughing and playing. They were so engaged that they did not notice the figure enter the tent behind them. 

Cassia threw a handful of loose grapes at Athalia. She watched, almost in slow motion, as Athalia dove evasively to her right and the grapes arced through the air, striking the face and head of Gaia, who had appeared behind Athalia. Cassia and Athalia gasped in horror as Gaia's face twisted in surprise and rage. The three girls froze in place as if they had been paralyzed by the medusa.

"YOU.... YOU..." Gaia was so enraged that she could not even form coherent words. She was physically shaking as she combed through her hair to remove the grapes that had been lodged there. "You absolute philistines!" Gaia looked around the tent. The neat piles of grapes were now spread over the entire surface of the sorting table in a jumbled mess. The ground was covered in a slurry of mushed grapes and leaves and stems. Even the girls were covered in mess, with stained tunics and each had leaves and stems caught in her hair. "THIS... This is the job we give to children to keep them busy while we work. You three fatuas can't even manage the job of a child! You are useless!!!"

Gaia gave them each a reed basket and sent them to work in the vineyard for the afternoon as a punishment. The sun had risen to its full height in the sky and its oppressive heat bore down upon them. They did not suffer in silence, choosing instead to whine and complain to all who would listen, a fact that soon had the other workers avoiding them

About halfway through the afternoon, a messenger came to the vineyard and sought out Gaia. From where they stood, none of the three could overhear what was said, but Gaia immediately turned to look in their direction with a strange expression. They watched as she turned, gathered some of the men and spoke to them. The men put down their tools and baskets and left in a group. Gaia then gathered the rest of the workers and announced abruptly that the ork was suspended for the day. She sent everyone home with instructions to return in the morning.

Gaia then marched up to Cassia and her servants and said, curtly, "You two are to go directly to your chambers and stay there until I return!" With that, Gaia turned on her heel and followed after the group of men.

Cassia and her handmaidens returned to the house to find the rest of the staff gathered there. They were all whispering among themselves, but stopped as soon as the girls entered. Cassia gave them the evil eye as they stood there, frozen and clearly waiting until she left the room to continue talking. Cassia gave the barest of nods to Athalia and then they continued to the upper floor. Athalia, taking her cue, circled back around the other side of the house and eavesdropped on the household servants.

When she returned, she saw that Ligeia had drawn a bath for Cassia and they were both undressing. "Domina!" Athalia said in a hushed tone. "The washwoman..." She said no more. Instead she conveyed her message with her eyes alone, in a way that she and Cassia had learned to communicate when they were still children. It is difficult to have any privacy when you live in a house with servants. There are always eyes and ears about and, if you are going to be a devious child, you learn to speak in ways that cannot be heard or intercepted. 

Cassia's eyes went wide when she grasped what Athalia was telling her. Ligeia knew that something was afoot between them, but she was not privy to their secret, nor did she have knowledge of Cassia's rape and humiliation at the hands of the washwoman.

Nothing more was said. The three of them were hot, sweaty, dirty and tired from their day toiling in the fields. Their bodies were sore and their hands were raw and blistered, none of them having ever done any sort of manual labor before. So, they took turns bathing each other. First, Ligeia and Athalia washed Cassia, taking care to be gentle with her. Athalia washed her hair while Ligeia went over her body meticulously, removing the day's grime. Ligeia and Athalia then took turns washing each other while Cassia dried off.

When they had bathed, Ligeia laid out a sheet across Cassia's bed. She had Cassia lie on it, face down. She positioned Cassia so that her head nearly hung off one end. Then, she retrieved a small bottle of perfumed oil. She poured a little onto the small of Cassia's back. Cassia startled at the sudden chill, eliciting a smile from her handmaidens. But, as soon as Ligeia began working the oil into her skin, Cassia settled down. 

Ligeia started at Cassia's lower back, running her fingertips up either side of her domina's spine, spreading the oil all the way to Cassia's shoulder, and then lightly as a feather, back down to the base of her spine. She repeated this twice, each time, fanning her fingers out across Cassia's shoulders as she reached the top of each stroke. On the third pass, she pressed a little bit harder, allowing the weight of her hands to apply a gentle force. The next pass, she added the weight of her arms, and then, after that, she leaned into the stroke, adding the full weight of her upper body. She repeated this several times, her fingers and thumbs rubbing deep into Cassia's sore muscles, eliciting a satisfied murmur on each pass.

Athalia stood at the edge of the bed, placing one leg on either side of Cassia's head. She placed a hand on either side of her neck right at the base of Cassia's skull. She lifted and pulled lightly, stretching her master's neck and then released it and ran her thumbs from just behind Cassia's ears all the way down her neck and across to the tips of her shoulders. She repeated this again and again, working the sore trapezius muscles. Then, Athalia leaned forward and placed an elbow above each of Cassia's shoulder blades. Using her weight, she allowed her elbows to massage deeply, rotating in slow circles. Athalia could feel the tightly knotted fibers and tissues resist her massage.

Ligeia, meanwhile, moved down to the other end of the bed. She oiled her hands and then took each of Cassia's feet and gently, but firmly stretched and turned each one, rolling the soles between her palms. From there she worked upward, working the oil into Cassia's ankles and up to her calves, which she kneaded and rolled with her knuckles and thumbs. After, she spread Cassia's thighs and climbed up onto the bed, sitting on her knees between her master's spread legs. She drizzled more of the oil onto the backs of Cassia's thighs and began to run her outstretched hands over them, working the oil into her skin and massaging her hamstrings. 

Each pass up and down Cassia's thighs brought her hands further and further to the inside of each leg. Finally, and the top of the last pass, Ligeia's thumbs made contact with the sensitive skin on either side of the girl's vagina. She let her hands linger there, her thumbs making small circles over her flesh, before pressing onward to Cassia's buttocks. These, she pressed and kneaded hard, with her full weight behind her. Her massaging opened Cassia up, exposing both her tight anal ring and her vagina. 

When Ligeia was done, she allowed her hands to slide down the curve of Cassia's ass and rested her thumbs in the crease where her cheeks joined her thighs. Using her thumbs, she parted the flesh once more and allowed her thumbs to slip closer to Cassia's womanhood. She grazed her right thumb over the tender lips. They glistened now in the soft candlelight, whether from the massage oils or relaxed arousal, Ligeia couldn't tell. She applied a slight pressure and the tip of her thumb slipped between the lips, barely parting them. She could feel Cassia press ever so slightly back into her hands and her legs parting ever so slightly wider. Ligeia smiled at her Domina's not-so-subtle encouragement. She pressed the tip of her other thumb inside of Cassia. She marveled at how the skin was slightly darker in color here, yet Cassia's lips themselves were a light, dusky pink, normally hidden beneath the tight curls of black pubic hair, but exposed now in this position. 

Using her thumbs, she pulled her master's cunt open wide and bowed her head. The sharp aroma of pussy hit Ligeia's nostrils. She smiled. It was a smell that she knew well and treasured. It was the perfume of love; proof that her domina was ready for her. She reached out with her tongue and placed it at the opening, lingering there for a moment to savor the taste. Then, she pointed her tongue and drove it into Cassia, covering her opened pussy with her mouth.

At the other end of the bed, Athalia was still leaning over Cassia's back, working at relaxing her tight muscle fibers. She had her legs on either side of Cassia's head, which was just at the level of the tall servant's cunt. Cassia's had let her head droop over the edge of the bed, but when Ligeia began to fuck her with her mouth, she turned her head and placed her own mouth on the smooth, taut skin of Athalia's inner thigh. Closing her eyes tight and locking her lips on Athalia's skin, she used Athalia to muffle her moans of pleasure. She began to kiss and lick at Athalia's inner thigh and it was not long before Athalia's pussy was heated and wet.

Athalia stood and stepped back for a moment. She motioned for Cassia to roll over on her back. When Cassia had done so, Ligeia resumed ministering to her pussy. Athalia again place one thigh on either side of Cassia's head and lowered her own cunt so that Cassia could taste her. She felt Cassia's tongue snake up inside of her and swirl around before Cassia withdrew and latched on to her clit, suckling it with urgency. Athalia grasped Cassia's breasts and began to massage them. She felt the nipples go rigid against her palms and so she took them between her thumb and forefingers and rolled them, causing them to stiffen and lengthen. 

Athalia looked down the length of Cassia's outstretched body made eye contact with Ligeia, who was happily lapping at Cassia's pussy. Ligeia raised her eyebrows in a silent question, which Athalia answered with the slightest of nods. She could see Ligeia's smile widen just with her eyes. She watched as Ligeia slipped three fingers of her right hand inside their prone master and begin to rigorously fuck her with her hand. There was no build-up. Ligeia took Cassia's clit between her lips and rammed her hand deep inside the girl's pussy, over and over, harder and harder. 

1

Athalia felt Cassia grab onto the backs of her thighs and hold tight to brace for the orgasm that would arrive any second. She felt the vibrations as Cassia moaned into her own pussy. The moan and its vibrations rose and then became grunts. Cassia's body went stiff. Athalia watched as the girl's abs flexed hard under the silky skin. She watched Cassia arch her back, at first in an attempt to shove her cunt further into Ligeia's mouth and hands, and then in an attempt to pull away as her body became overwhelmed with sensation.

After that, Athalia saw nothing as her own vision clouded over. Her own orgasm seized her suddenly, like a tide rising rapidly from her clit up her spine and out to her extremities. Her head went back and her mouth formed a silent "O" as she allowed her body to rock with the waves of her cumming. With a sharp intake of breath, she clenched every muscle in her body and went over the edge. A moment later, she realized that she still held Cassia's head between her thighs. She eased herself back off of the girl and sat down on the floor, breathing hard and trying to catch her breath.

Ligeia had crawled up onto the bed and now lay on her side, spooning with her Domina. Cassia, still in a foggy, dreamlike state, draped her arm over her handmaiden and found her large full breast. She cupped it and held its weight in her hand and allowed her fingers to lazily stroke it. 

"That is a first for me," said Ligeia, "Two make two girls cum playing with only one pussy." The others giggled at her jest. 

Finally, Athalia managed to get to her feet and she held out her hand to Ligeia. "Come sister," she said, "We must leave Cassia to her sleep. It will be another hard day for us all tomorrow."

But neither girl stirred. "No," said Cassia. "Ligeia has not been satisfied. It's not fair." She was still stroking Ligeia's breast. "You must take care of her. Come, I want to watch."

Athalia bowed her head and placed her hands together in front of her chest in a show of supplication. She grinned and joined the two on the bed.

Just outside the chamber, a figure stood in the hallway peeking through a crack in the door. She had been standing there for some time. She had originally intended to spy on the girls, to eavesdrop to see if she could catch them discussing the death of the washwoman. She was certain that they were involved somehow. They must be... 

But when she arrived, she saw the girls bathing each other. They worked in silence, and so the figure had settled in to wait. But when the two handmaidens had begun to massage one another, she found herself growing interested for different reasons. She could not stop staring as these three beautiful young women ran their hands over one another's naked bodies; bodies that were young and supple and smooth and curved and covered in silky skin that practically glowed with youth and vitality.
