 Note: This is a work of fiction and any resemblance of any characters to any persons, real or fictitious, is purely coincidental and unintentional. 

Note 2: This work includes themes of a graphic sexual nature and involves person who, although entirely fictional, are all above the legal age of consent. This story is set in the slightly historical, but primarily imagined world of Ancient Rome, however, no offense is intended to any persons or cultures if I have mis-portrayed any historical, factual, or cultural aspects of the setting; the setting is used solely for its exotic and romantic attributes. If you find anything in this work objectionable or offensive, please move on to other content.

Note 3: This work is my own personal intellectual property. Copyright © 2017 Audrey07. All rights reserved.

**************

Chapter 4: Athalia's Story

Cassia did not emerge from her chamber in the morning and skipped the morning meal. She would not even admit her handmaidens. After the household staff had eaten and cleaned up, Athalia sought her out. After begging at the door, Cassia finally let Athalia enter. She was still in her disheveled clothes from the night before and Athalia could see that she had been weeping.

"Domina!" she exclaimed. "What has happened to you?" She sat her master in the chair and began to attend to her, undoing her tangled braids and brushing out her knotted locks. "You must tell me what has happened."

Cassis sighed heavily and related her tale of the previous night. Athalia was outraged. She offered to go straight to Gaia and have the washwoman beaten and thrown out of the house, but Cassia pleaded with her to say nothing. "You can't. You must promise me to keep my secret. First, I would be shamed. Second, she will tell Gaia that we were out and Gaia will believe her own servant over us. She hates me. WE will be evicted, not the washwoman, and then what will become of us? What if it is an embarrassment to my father? What if it puts him at risk?" She paused. "No. We must accept that this summer will be over soon and that we will be home, back in Rome and out of this miserable little village with their backwards ways and simpleton lives forever."

Athalia agreed to keep her master's confidence. She would not even tell Ligeia. But silently, she decided that she would take the matter into her own hands and settle it privately. 

The girls did not leave the compound at all that day, choosing instead to lounge in the courtyard by the fountain. They had their mid-day meal brought to them and made a picnic of it. There was not much to do in the village and the food stalls had little more to offer than peasant bread, cheap wine and dried fish. It was difficult to speak freely and the girls feared that they were being spied upon by the household staff. Still, they managed to conspire in hushed tones about their plans for that night. The moon would be full the night after, and they needed to find the grotta azurra.

"I can't leave. There is no way that I can go out again," said Cassia. "If the..." She hesitated and then corrected herself, saying, "I think the washwoman is spying on me. I swear I saw her out of the corner of my eye last night. If it is her, she will know. I cannot risk it."

"We will be careful," insisted Ligeia. "We can..."

"No," interrupted Athalia. "Domina is right. She is at risk. Here is what we will do instead: After supper, we will go up to Domina's chamber to prepare her for the night. Domina, you will insist that Ligeia stay with you for comfort. I will retire to my own quarters. If you are being watched, you will never leave your room and the servants, if they ARE spying on you, will know why."

Cassia frowned at this. "Gaia doesn't approve of getting comfort in this way. The servants will tell her and they will gossip about me."

"Precisely, Domina," replied the handmaiden. "You will give them something else to gossip about so that they do not suspect that you are breaking curfew. Meanwhile, I will be free to slip out into the night. I will not be missed, and so I can remain out nearly until the dawn, if need be. I WILL find the grotta azzurra, and I will see what this nonsense is all about. In the morning, I will have a full report for you."

In the afternoon, it became quite hot out in the courtyard so the girls retreated into the cool shade of the stucco covered house. It's thick stone walls acted like an insulator, keeping the cool inside air from becoming heated throughout the day. Cassia retired to her chamber and soon fell asleep. When she was called for supper, there was some commotion. One of the household staff was missing. Cassia soon decided that it didn't involve her and so she fixed her mind on setting their plan into motion.

They ate a large meal and then remained while Gaia entertained the house with songs and poetry. The girls lingered late into the evening, putting on a good show for their host. When it was time to retire, Cassia's handmaidens assisted with getting her ready for bed. They bathed her and then carefully did her hair and dressed her in her sleeping gown. As planned, Athalia eventually withdrew and, as she made a show of returning to her own quarters, she instead hid behind her door, waiting to see if members of the staff were keeping watch over Cassia. The missing servant had been sent to the market to buy supplies for the house, but had not returned and there was just the beginnings of rumor and suspicion. The focus of that suspicion was Cassia. Sure enough, several other household servants took turns passing by the corridor and peeking through the crack in the door to her chamber. 

Within Cassia's chamber, there was certainly a show to be had. 

"Well, Domina," said Ligeia once they were alone. "You are prepared for bed. What more can your servant do for her Domina?" She had a sly look in her eye as she said it.

"I want you to dance for me," replied Cassia in a hushed tone.

"Dance?" asked Ligeia, almost surprised. "It is late, and we must be quiet. This is no time for dancing, Domina. We will surely wake the house."

"No," replied Cassia. She paused, blushing. "I want you to dance for me the way that you danced for that boy."

Ligeia's face broadened into a knowing smile. She slipped her tunic over her head and stood naked before her master. Then, slowly she raised her arms above her head and began to sway her hips in a slow, taunting circle. "But, Domina," she said, in a heavy, breathy voice just above a whisper, "This dance is forbidden. I mustn't..." He body began to writhe and undulate to a music that was only in her head. Cassia, still seated in her chair, was mesmerized. Without interrupting her rhythm, Ligeia worked her way closer and closer to Cassia until they were but the width of a hair apart, yet not touching. Cassia could feel the heat radiating off of Ligeia's body and could smell her light, floral perfume. She was intoxicated; utterly transfixed by the smooth undulations of the full, toned, naked body before her.

Ligeia twisted and turned so that every part of her body passed close to Cassia's face. She could feel Cassia's ragged breathing on her hip. She rotated and felt her master's hot breath on her hip and thigh and, finally on her mound. Ligeia maintained her straight face and continued to dance, but this had made her instantly wet. She wasn't going to last much longer before she just gave in and pressed her pussy into her master's open mouth. 

Cassia was having difficulty resisting as well. She brought her hands up and just barely grazed Ligeia's bare skin with the tips of her fingers. The girl's skin was smooth and hot to the touch. Cassia's fingertips began to wander and explore, barely touching, but feeling every contour. She could sense the girl's strong muscles working just below the surface of her silky skin. Over hips and around to the girl's bottom, the orbs soft, yet firm. Down they slid to the crease where the orbs met the back of the girl's thighs. Around to the front of those beautiful legs, feeling the strong muscles as they worked the dance. Up, along the insides of the thighs to that tender spot on either side of the servant's vagina. Light as a feather up through the soft curls of Ligeia's pubic hair and up over the girl's rippling abs to her ribs. Finally, up to the undersides of her full, heaving breasts, where the light, feathery touches were replaced by a firmer grip.

Cassia pulled Ligeia's large breast toward her while leaning in, finally making contact with her mouth. She brushed the nipple against her lips, causing it to stiffen. She dragged the flat of her tongue from the base of the swell upwards toward the stiffened teet, in an exaggeratedly slow motion, and then closed her mouth over it, eliciting a pleading murmur from Ligeia. Wrapping her arms around the servant, she pulled Ligeia's body to her, onto her lap. She could instantly feel the wetness seeping from the serving girl's pussy onto her own skin as it seeped through her sleeping gown. She would attend to that, but first, she wanted to make love to Ligeia's breasts. She loved the girl's breasts most of all; they were full and round and capped with large, dark nipples that seemed to cry out to be suckled. 

Normally, it amused Ligeia that her master was so enamored of her tits and she tolerated a certain amount of worship. But this time, her urgency had overtaken her and the slow, labored manner in which Cassia was taking her time with her was nearly agony. Forgetting herself, she ground her wet crotch against the girl's tummy, practically painting her with her cream. Sensing that her servant was on the edge, Cassia brought her hand to the poor girl's opening and entered her with two fingers while seeking out the girl's clit with her thumb.

"No, Domina," Ligeia pleased into her ear, "I will not be able to stop myself. I must... Oh!"

"Ssshhhh," cooed Cassia. She could feel the girl getting more and more wet, her juices sloshing out of her. "I want you to cum all over me. I want you to soak my body. Do it! Make me as wet as you are." Hearing this encouragement from her master sent the girl over the edge. She tensed up and clung to her master tightly. Her body convulsed as she lost control. She had to grit her teeth to stop from calling out at the top of her lungs. Over and over, she came. Cassia's fingers never let up their attack on her pussy, driving her on through wave after wave of shattering orgasm until finally, it was too much and the poor servant was too sensitive to take any more. She practically leapt backwards off of Cassia's lap and collapsed to the floor, panting heavily.

After a moment, she looked up to see Cassia leaning over her, grinning. "Look at me!" Cassia said, mockingly. "My sleeping gown is soaked through. I can't stay in this!"

"I am sorry, Domina," replied the servant, "I must attend to you."

"Yes," replied the seated girl who was still grinning. "You must at once."

Meanwhile, Athalia had donned a hooded cloak of her own and slipped out through her window. She moved away from the house a short distance and then doubled back to ensure that she had not been followed. When she was certain that she was alone, Athalia made her way down toward the spot where they had finally been given the slip the night before. There was no one around. She waited a bit, but no one came from any direction. The moon was nearly full and would be by the next night. She had to find the grotta azzurra that night.

On a hunch, she made her way all the way down to the sea... or at least as close as she could get. The coastline here was carved out of jagged rocks with a ten meter drop to the water below. She could hear the rough water breaking against the rocks and she could just make out the frothy white foam in the moonlight. But she swore that she could hear something else as well. It was a deep howling noise, but muffled as if some beast were hidden under a thick blanket. Standing as still as a tree, she realized that she could feel the sound. It was in the rock beneath her feet and all around her, as if the island itself were alive. 

Athalia decided to see if she could find another way down to the sea, wondering if there were some hidden pathway that descended down between the rocks. When she turned to go back, she was startled to see the hooded figure from the previous night sitting above her on a large outcrop, observing her. She nearly lost her footing at the fright. Stumbling, her own hood fell to her shoulders, revealing her light brown locks and her large, doe-like eyes, perched atop delicate cheekbones and set under an arching brow.

"So, she sent her servant?" pondered a female voice out loud. It was heavy with a thick, foreign accent. The figure lowered its own hood and Athalia instantly recognized the woman from the tavern. Her jet-black hair, crystal blue eyes and pale skin could belong to no other. The woman disappeared from the edge of the outcropping, and then reappeared a short distance away at Athalia's level. "Well, there is no time," said the woman. "I suppose that I must show you and hope that you will bring my message back to her." The woman turned. "This way," she said without looking back.

Athalia followed along behind. Under her cloak, her hand rested on the hilt of a short dirk that was tucked into the belt of her tunic. The woman led Athalia to a place where a large boulder stood out from the side of a short cliff, looking as if it had long ago fallen from somewhere higher up the steep hillside. The woman slipped behind the boulder and was gone. When Athalia peered around the boulder, she saw that it concealed a small opening in the rock. She slipped inside and went immediately around a sharp corner. There, a dim torch flickered enough light to illuminate a narrow stone staircase leading downward. About halfway down, the woman was descending rapidly, her black cloak billowing out behind her. Athalia followed.

At the bottom of the stairs was a small landing and another sharp turn led to another opening in the rock. The low howling that Athalia had heard when she was standing on the cliffs above could be heard more clearly now, and much louder. She could tell that it had a rhythm to it; a long, deep rumble followed by a short pause, then the slightly higher pitched wail. When she emerged from the opening, she found herself in a large cavern. She stared in wonder. The cavern was lit by torches placed in regular intervals around a wide ledge. Below her, a great lake of water fed by the sea flowing in through a cave glimmered with a blue light that seemed to emanate from deep below the surface. At the far end, water cascaded out of a fissure in the rock into a shallow pool, which in turn, flowed into the great, blue lake. Opposite her, a small wooden platform had been built just above the surface of the water. The howling she had heard was the sound of the sea flowing in and out through the cave with the tide.

All along the ledge, women in flowing blue gowns were standing in neat rows. The women greeted the cloaked woman by bowing serenely as she passed them. When the cloaked woman reached the shallow pool and the cascading waterfall, two of the women removed her cloak, revealing her pale, naked form. She was tall, taller than the other women, and her body was lithe and long and looked as if it had been carved from alabaster. Her long, black hair fell to the small of her back as she stepped into the pool. The two women who had removed her cloak then removed their own gowns and stepped into the pool with her, flanking the tall, foreign woman. 

They had their backs to Athalia and she tried to make out what they were doing. The rest of the women had turned to watch as well. The pale woman ducked her head under the cascading water and her assistants began to bathe her. To her astonishment, the black coloring was washed away from the woman's hair to reveal a great, red mane. Athalia had never seen a woman with red hair. Her mouth hung slack as the woman slowly turned and revealed an equally bright red bush of hair covering her crotch.

The woman stepped from the pool and held out her arms. One by one, the women in the blue gowns approached the woman and knelt before her, kissing her fiery red pussy reverently before retreating to their neat rows with bowed heads. When the last of them had done this, the woman motioned to Athalia "Come, child. Receive the blessing of Sabine."

Athalia stood motionless. She was dumbfounded. "Will I be cursed?" she asked in a frightened tone.

Sabine laughed. "No, my child. You will be blessed. Come," she said, again motioning. Hesitantly, Athalia took cautious steps toward the tall, red-haired woman. She knelt before her and leaned in, kissing the woman's mound. As she did so, she immediately felt warmed. Her body tingled all over. "Arise, child" she heard the woman say. When Athalia stood, Sabine took her hand and turned her to face the other women. "Athalia, slave to Cassia of Rome, Servant in the House of Romulus, has accepted the blessing of Sabine. She shall be accepted by the Goddess Gondul. Welcome her into our fold."

With that, the shimmering lake began to glow a deeper blue. A lilting music appeared in the air. All around her, the women dropped their blue gowns and surrounded Athalia. A hand slipped into her cloak and withdrew the dirk from her belt. "You won't be needing this tonight, Child," she heard Sabine whisper into her ear. Hands began to caress the handmaiden, lightly at first, and then more insistently. She felt hot breath on the back of her neck. She felt her cloak being stripped away. She felt her belt being loosened and the tunic being pulled up over her head. Hands began to slide all over her body, and her body reacted. Her nipples hardened and her pussy became wet. Hands were soon replaced by mouths. Hot, wet mouths kissed her face and her long neck, her small, high breasts and her long legs. She could feel her buttocks being parted by a pair of insistent hands and almost immediately, a probing tongue invaded her from behind.

She turned back to see Sabine recline on a long, stone bench covered with elaborate cushions. Sabine wore a slight smile as she looked on approvingly. Athalia lost sight of the priestess as she was lowered gently to the floor amid a tangled mass of feminine bodies. A breast was offered to her and she accepted it, suckling hungrily on it before it was pulled away and replaced by the delicate face of another woman. They kissed and Athalia accepted the woman's tongue as it explored within her own mouth. She could taste the essence of vagina on the woman's breath as she realized that her own vagina had been opened by the eager mouth of some other, unseen woman. 

Athalia shifted and spread her legs. She was rewarded by caresses and kisses along the insides of her calves and thighs. She reached out with her hands and found waiting flesh; warm and smooth. She was not certain whose. The chamber had become a mass of bodies all moving together like one giant beast, the women merging into one through the raw power of their sexuality. Soon, it was as if Athalia's own identity slipped away and she became one with the bodies that were joined to her. Each touch of a breast or buttocks or even an arm or shoulder sent waves of excitement coursing through her body. 

Soon, the merged bodies began to move faster, yet more organized. The motions of the many bodies became the motion of one beast as the women moved and rolled and slid over one another. The giving and receiving pleasure from one another became giving and receiving pleasure to the entire group as one woman's orgasm would ripple through the writing beast and send shockwaves of orgasms to those around her. 

The sound of the writhing beast rose as well. Sighs and murmurs became whispered encouragements. Whispers became urgent, yet inarticulate grunts and oaths. These became moans. Moans became cries of passion and bliss. Louder and more intense. 
