 Note: This is a work of fiction and any resemblance of any characters herein to any persons, real or fictitious, is purely coincidental and unintentional. 

Note 2: This work includes themes of a graphic sexual nature and involves persons who, although entirely fictional, are all above the legal age of consent. This story is set in the slightly historical, but primarily imagined world of Ancient Rome, however, no offense is intended to any persons or cultures if I have mis-portrayed any historical, factual, or cultural aspects of the setting; the setting is used solely for its exotic and romantic attributes. If you find anything in this work objectionable or offensive, please move on to other content.

Note 3: This work is my own personal intellectual property. Copyright © 2017 Audrey07. All rights reserved.

**************

I'm back! Work had me completely bogged down there for a bit, so I skipped off to the continent for a little much needed R&R in sun-drenched Italy. Some good food, good wine, and lots of hot Italian girls got my creative juices (and, well... other juices) flowing. I was walking the ancient streets of Pompeii with a tour group when the idea for this story hit me. Enjoy!

**************

Chapter 1: The Journey

Cassia pouted. It was insufferably hot in her carriage. It had been two days since her family had left the hustle and bustle of Rome on their annual escape. Most years, the family fled to the highlands of Bracciano, to pass the worst part of the summer by the lake, refreshed by cool evenings and comforted by soothing mountain breezes. Bracciano was less than a day's ride from the imperial city and therefore made a convenient summer retreat for Rome's elite classes. Everyone Cassia knew would be there... probably already WERE there. She imagined her friends laughing and playing in lake, flirting with the boys who would be trying their best to show off their skills at sport to impress the girls. She imagined the parties and the wine and the wonderful fresh foods brought in from the surrounding farms.

But this year, she would enjoy none of that. Cassia's father was a Senator, and he along with a faction of other Senators had been called to meet with the emperor, Tiberius, at his retreat on the island of Capri. Tiberius had fled Rome a few years before and had refused to return, exiling himself to his island palace. There had been talk of a coup; grumblings about the emperor's madness and of plots to overthrow and replace him. Emperors don't exactly get fired or asked to step down; there was only one way for the mad emperor to leave office. Fearful of plots against his life, the emperor had called for those loyal to him to come to Capri under the guise of advising him on the ordinary affairs of the empire. 

Whatever. Politics bored Cassia. Angered her, even. She had been betrothed in an arranged marriage to the son of a powerful general who commanded forces in Gaul and Thrace. He was supposedly in line for a senate seat himself, representing expansion territories that he, himself, had helped conquer for the glory of Rome. But, rumors were starting to circulate that questioned his loyalty to the emperor and so Cassia's father had nixed the marriage of his daughter to the general's son. Cassia had been furious. A marriage to the boy, Aeurlio, seven years younger than her, would have been perfect for Cassia. She would have lived a life of abject luxury with grand homes in both Rome and the expansion territories, surrounded by servants and a husband that she could thoroughly dominate and control. Now, she'd probably be married off to some terse old goat just because he was loyal to the emperor. 

And so she sat in her carriage with her two handmaidens; hot, angry and miserable as they bounced and jolted along a rutted country road. Her body ached from the constant jarring of the journey and she was covered with a fine dust from the road. It coated every inch of her exposed skin, infiltrated her hair and itched her scalp and stung her eyes. Athalia, her favorite handmaiden, offered her a drink of wine. Cassia regarded Athalia. Technically, Athalia was a slave, but she had been with Cassia since she was a child and they had grown up more as inseparable friends than as master and servant. Athalia was tall and thin, with delicate features, a pointy chin, large, dark eyes, and deep olive skin. She, too, was coated with the road dust, but she was still lovely, and she moved with a silent grace that captivated Cassia.

Cassia took the offered wine and sipped it. Immediately, her face screwed up in disgust. "Argh!" she exclaimed. "Even the wine is hot and tastes of dirt!"

"Let me ask the cooks for some fresh wine," offered her other handmaiden, Ligeia. Ligeia was Greek. She was shorter and plumper than Athalia, but her curves were healthy and youthful and she had large, full breasts. Her skin was pale but her hair and eyes were very dark, almost black. She was clever and lively and as a consequence, she was favorite object of both jest and lust for the male servants of the household. But she was also sharp of wit and tongue, and kept the men and boys firmly in their places. Cassia was certain that her father used Ligeia from time to time, but no man would ever truly own her. 

"No," sighed Cassia. "It is all surely spoiled in this heat." She looked forlornly down into her lap. 

A few minutes later, the train of carriages and horses and footman crested a hill and, for the first time since leaving the Imperial City, they were met with a fresh cool breeze. They had reached the outskirts of the sprawling town of Neapolis, where they were to catch a ship for the journey to island of Capri. They trundled down the mountainside into the valley, with the settlements and houses becoming more and closely clustered until they finally entered the city proper. There, they were met with a frenzy of merchants and crowds and livestock and markets and all of the noise, commotion and smells connected with them. The smell became increasingly fishy as they approached the docks. 

They finally came to a rest at the head of a wide, stone pier. A manservant came back to the carriage and announced that it would be several hours while their bags and supplies were loaded onto a ship. Cassia's father had granted the girls permission to go and explore the town, but with instructions to return before sundown. He handed Cassia a small pouch filled with coins and helped the young women out of the carriage. 

Immediately, the three of them were blinded by the intense sunlight and the full heat of the mid-day. Almost immediately after that, they were surrounded by peddlers and beggars. The manservant pushed them all back and reached menacingly for a small club he wore at his belt. He would accompany the girls and serve as their bodyguard, but he was to allow them to wander freely.

Cassia stretched and groaned. Athalia immediately began to rub at her shoulders. "You must be in such pain after that tortuous journey," she said soothingly.

"Come," said Ligeia, "This shithole must have a baths."

"Indeed," replied the manservant. "I have been here before, in my youth. It is up this way." The manservant led the girls through the streets past bustling throngs. They took note of the many stalls offering various foods - breads, skewers of salted meats, fruits, vegetables, and fish; every creature that could be captured from the sea had been fried, grilled, baked or boiled and set out for display. The girls made note of the best stalls to return to after their bath.

The baths were situated at the end of a long, public square and ringed by a colonnade. Outside, a host of merchants offered robes, perfumes and scented oils to the bathers. Cassia and her handmaidens gleefully compared their options and selected a number of oils. Cassia handed a few coins to the manservant and told him that he was free to enjoy a bath as well, and then they left him. The baths were strictly segregated. The men and women entered through separate marble portals located on either end of a long wall that was covered with brightly painted frescoes depicting all of the creatures of the sea. Inside the men's area, there were more decorative frescoes as well as a brilliant domed ceiling painted with the stars in their constellations. 

The women's side was decidedly more plain, with tan terracotta walls and a lower stone ceiling that was unadorned with any works of art. But, it was neat and clean. The women entered the changing room and Ligeia and Athalia helped Cassia undress from her flowing robes before removing their own belted tunics. Ligeia handed their clothes to an old woman along with some coins with instructions to have the clothes laundered while the girls bathed. From there, the girls entered the long, dimly lit bath hall. It was more than one hundred meters long and within it, there were three rectangular pools surrounded by stone benches. Steam rose from the first pool in great clouds and the women who lounged around the benches there were fanning themselves with broad leaves. Others were bathing and here and there, some were paired off, caressing, kissing or just holding one another. The second pool had only the merest trace of steamy vapors, and was the most crowded of the three. The last pool was obviously cold water, delivered to the bathhouse from the mountain via a pipe that was fed directly from the city's aqueduct. There, younger girls splashed and played.

Cassia went immediately to the hot pool and sat on a stone bench, just dangling her feet into the steamy water. She let out a satisfied moan. Ligeia started to get in all the way, shrieked at the heat and jumped back out. Athalia and Cassia roared with laughter. The other women all scowled at the girls, causing them to laugh and giggle even harder. But after a few minutes, all three had managed to adjust to the steamy temperature and waded into the pool. Cassia closed her eyes and relaxed, allowing the hot water to loosen the muscles in her back and neck. She waited while her handmaidens washed each other; it wouldn't do for them to try to clean Cassia while they, themselves, were still covered in grit.

Cassia watched approvingly as Athalia gently ran her hands over Ligeia's body, washing away two days' worth of sweat, dust and misery. Her hands moved with such grace, tenderly caressing Ligeia as she washed her. Ligeia relaxed and closed her eyes. Cassia smiled as she watched Ligeia's nipples stiffen under Athalia's touch. She watched as Athalia moved closer to Ligeia, bringing their bodies together. She watched as Ligeia began to reciprocate, washing away the grime from Athalia. The two moved closer and closer until they were wrapped in each other's arms, their bodies and legs entwined under the surface of the steamy water. They took turns rubbing scented oils into each other's hair and then rinsing them out. 

Then, they both turned their attentions to Cassia. Cassia was petite; her neck and head barely broke the surface of the water. But she was strong, with powerful legs from riding. Her body was tight and fit, and her breasts were ample, but not disproportionate to her tiny waist. Her skin was lightly tanned, but the freckles on her nose and cheeks stood out. Her long brown hair was thick with curls and done up in elaborate braids; braids that had come lose and unkempt on their journey. Her dark eyes sparkled with mischief. "Enough, you two," she commanded mockingly. "I must be bathed and refreshed."

The two handmaidens began their duty. At first, they were very businesslike. Athalia removed the pins holding Cassia's hair in place and began to pour water over her locks, combing her fingers through her master's hair. Meanwhile, Ligeia set about cleaning Cassia's body. Her hands gently rubbed away the dirt, and then began massaging at the tight muscles in Cassia's back, neck and legs. Athalia slipped her arms under Cassia's shoulders and held her up while Ligeia took each of Cassia's feet in turn. First washing, and then massaging each foot and calf. 

Cassia slumped contentedly back into Athalia's arms. Delicate Athalia. She was so graceful and pretty. Cassia craned her neck around and kissed Athalia under her chin. Athalia smiled and turned her head to meet the kiss. Their lips parted and their tongues met, slipping over one another in a slow, languid dance. Cassia felt as if their souls had connected through the kiss, joining her to her handmaiden.

Meanwhile, Ligeia let Cassia's foot go and moved closer, sandwiching Cassia between the two servants. While Cassia and Athalia continued to kiss, Ligeia began to kiss Cassia's neck on the other side. She brought her hand up to Cassia's breast and felt its weight in her hand. She smiled to herself as she felt it stiffen against her palm. Her master was pleased. Ligeia softly kneaded Cassia's breasts in turn, making sure to flick and pinch the stiffened points. 

Cassia turned around to face Athalia, fully embracing her. They hugged each other close and continued their kissing, but Cassia also spread her legs wide. Ligeia, standing behind Cassia now, ran her fingers from the girl's neck down, under the surface of the water, over her back and to her taught rump. Ligeia loved her master's rump. She ran her fingers over the muscled butt and, finally, to the cleft between. She traced a single finger down into the crease. She felt Cassia open herself wider. Ligeia took this as a command and let her finger run lower, coming to a rest over the tight pucker of the girl's anal opening. Ligeia could sense movement. Just below her hand, Athalia's fingers were working at Cassia's pussy. Cassia pushed back ever so slightly, sticking her beautiful bottom at Ligeia. Legia pressed the tip of her finger against the opening and felt it give way. Pressing forward into her master's body, she felt the opening close around her finger in a tightening ring. Ligeia pressed her body against Cassia's back, mashing her own full breasts against her. She leaned and whispered into Cassia's ear. Cassia trembled and then stiffened. She broke off her kiss with Athalia and went momentarily rigid before a massive shudder ran through her body. She moaned softly and then went limp. Ligeia withdrew her finger.

Ligeia smiled and wrapped her arms around Cassia from behind, holding her up. Cassia turned and faced Ligeia. She began to guide her handmaiden to the edge of the pool and pressed her back against the marble coaming. She urged the girl up onto a ledge at the edge of the pool, so that she was half out of the water and standing above Cassia. Cassia had a hungry look in her eyes and she locked them on the handmaiden's full breasts. Leaning forward, Cassia took one of them into her mouth and closed her eyes in bliss. Ligeia held Cassia's head, caressing her and running her fingers through Cassia's hair as her master suckled from her. 

Athalia, meanwhile, noticed another woman lounging on the bench nearby, watching Cassia making love to her servants. The woman was pleasuring herself as she watched. She caught Athalia's eye and quickly stopped, looking away with a sheepish expression on her face. Athalia laughed at the other woman's embarrassment. She waded over to Cassia and whispered something in her ear. Cassia nodded and then returned to suckling at Ligeia's plump bosom. 

Athalia stepped up out of the pool and went over to the woman. The woman began to apologize. She didn't know who Cassia was, but the girl had two servants to bathe her and therefore must be very wealthy and important... possibly the wife of someone powerful. The woman was afraid that she had angered Cassia with her rudeness and that she might pay for her insolence with her life. Athalia simply placed her finger over the woman's lips to shush her. She pressed the woman back so that she lay on the stone bench. Then, Athalia stepped over the bench so that she was straddling it and the woman. She stepped forward and then lowered her pussy onto the woman's face. Relieved that she was not in any trouble, the woman gave Athalia a grateful look and began to lap and minister to the handmaiden's dripping cunt. Athalia gripped the woman's head with both hands and rode her to a powerful, shaking orgasm.

When she was done, Athalia motioned to Ligeia to come and take her place. Ligeia rose from the water and, still dripping wet, began to use the voyer however she wanted. Athalia, meanwhile, led Cassia to another bench where she began drying and then oiling her with the scented oils. They watched together as Ligeia made the stranger perform all manner of debasing and depraved sexual acts on her. Patiently and carefully, Athalia redid the complicated braids in Cassia's hair. When she was done, Cassia called to Ligeia to bring the woman to her. Cassia had the woman kneel at her feet where she sat on the bench. She looked around the chamber. Other women had stopped what they were doing to see what would happen.

Cassia smiled down at the woman. "Do you like to watch my servants tend to me?" she asked. Meekly, the woman nodded, her fears rising in her once more. "Do you envy them?" Cassia asked. "Do you wish that you could serve me?"

The woman dropped her head. Up close, Cassia could see that she was barely older than a child, just newly into her womanhood. "Please, Domina," she said, using the generic term for her superior, "I am just the simple wife of a shepherd. He is gone all the day and I am left alone. I did not mean offense. I do not have a beautiful Domina to tend to. I have never seen such a sight of beauty as you three." She was on the verge of tears.

Cassia laughed. "Oh, so you find me to be beautiful?" The woman nodded without raising her head. "What about me is beautiful? Is it my face?" The woman nodded in agreement. "What about my breasts? Do you find my breasts beautiful?" The woman nodded again. "And my pussy? Do you find my pussy beautiful?" The woman again nodded. "And my ass? Would you like to make love to my ass?" The woman nodded slightly. Cassia leaned forward and lifted the woman's head by her chin. "You are right, love," she said. "I AM beautiful. And I deserve your service." With that she guided the woman's face to her waiting pussy. "Please me and I will forgive your insolence."

The woman began licking Cassia with earnest. Cassia winked at her handmaidens. Cassia had no power to do anything to this poor girl. But she was cute and docile and, Cassia decided, oh so good with her tongue. So, she played along. She instructed the frightened peasant girl to use her fingers as well, and before long, Cassis cried out with a powerful orgasm. She had broken a sweat and Athalia was busy fanning her to cool her off. She smiled at the peasant girl, whose young face was still glistening with Cassia's juices. "You have pleased me, indeed. Fetch me a pot." The look of relief on the girl's face was obvious. She scurried away to a corner of the room and returned with a pot. Cassia instructed her to hold it for her and she relieved herself, letting go of her golden flow with her own sigh of relief. Athalia and Ligeia also took their turns and then Cassia instructed the girl to take the pot to the leather tanner and to keep whatever coin he gave her for herself.

A few minutes later, the girls retrieved their freshly laundered garments and returned to the plaza to look for Cassia's father's manservant. They were still laughing and giggling over the poor peasant girl that they had frightened when they found their bodyguard and were in a joyful mood. The Manservant had bathed as well, but, although he was clean, he had an annoyed expression on his face as if he were growing weary of escorting the young women. He was tall and lean, with sinewy muscles that twitched under his skin as he moved. His head was bald and his face was narrow with a hawkish nose and a perpetual scowl. Cassia thought him quite ugly and enjoyed teasing him. "Did you find a nice boy to fuck in the baths?" she asked him. The girls laughed. He just rolled his eyes and urged them back toward the docks. Along the way, they stopped here and there at various stalls, assembling the ingredients for a grand evening meal.
