 Note: This is a work of fiction and any resemblance of any characters to any persons, real or fictitious, is purely coincidental and unintentional. 

Note 2: This work includes themes of a graphic sexual nature and involves person who, although entirely fictional, are all above the legal age of consent. This story is set in the slightly historical, but primarily imagined world of Ancient Rome, however, no offense is intended to any persons or cultures if I have mis-portrayed any historical, factual, or cultural aspects of the setting; the setting is used solely for its exotic and romantic attributes. If you find anything in this work objectionable or offensive, please move on to other content.

Note 3: This work is my own personal intellectual property. Copyright © 2017 Audrey07. All rights reserved.

**************

The next few days passed largely uneventfully. The wash woman's body had been found on a rocky beach not far from the cliffs on the side of the island closest to the village of Anacapri. Her death was particularly mysterious among the villagers and, given that she was found just after the full moon, suspicion fell upon Sabine and her cult of followers. In a way, the villagers were right, but not for the correct reasons. It turned out, however, that the woman was not generally well liked and her funeral service was attended only by Gaia and a couple of members of the household staff. She was cremated on a pyre and that was about that. 

Her death was overshadowed, in any event, by the arrival of the Emperor's nephew, Gaius Germanicus, on the island. Gaius Germanicus was extremely popular in Rome. He was a well-known playboy and bone-fide eccentric, but he was also very good-looking, wealthy, single, and heir to the empire. In Rome, his public appearances almost always accompanied festivals, parties and lavish celebrations. When Gaius Germanicus partied, everyone partied.

But here on the remote Island of Capri, his presence was only cause for worry and concern. The people of this little fishing and vineyard province were little accustomed to the ways of the big city and were ill-suited to hosting the roving festival that seemed to follow the prince wherever he went. His arrival, with a fleet of four ships filled with servants, courtesans, friends and attendants shocked the people of the island. "They shall surely eat all of our food and drink all of our wine!" "They will leave us barren and destitute!" "They will take our homes!" Ligeia overheard the villagers complaining to one another one day when she was in the market. 

At Gaia's house, the harvest had finished, and the house was lightly staffed as many of the household servants had been sent off to work the vineyards of the other houses. Things had mostly settled into a routine, and Cassia and her handmaidens mostly stayed out of the way. That didn't change when Gaia was ordered to quarter part of the prince's party. The new guests, several young men, were segregated from Cassia and her father's guard was more on alert, but other than that, life continued as before.

Cassia had stopped going to the village herself. There was not much to do there and the dullness of life in Anacapri had all of them in low spirits. She still sent one or the other of her handmaidens to the market on occasion, but no more than was necessary. They waited each night to see if they would get the call from Sabine, but even Sabine seemed to have gone into hiding. Cassia had been wondering what business was still keeping her father occupied and considered sending a messenger with a note begging her father to please let them all return to Rome. She decided in the end to be obedient to her father's wishes, but every day that passed without word that his business here had concluded brought the girl a little further down into her funk.

Then, one night, as Ligeia and Athalia were preparing Cassia for her bed, they saw a flash of blue light at the window. Athalia went to investigate. In the darkness, she could see a hooded figure slipping silently from shadow to shadow. That was the signal. Athalia turned to the other two and mouthed a single word: Sabine.

The two servants did not break form. Without another word between them, they finished preparing Cassia for bed and then left the room and retreated to their own chamber. When the house had grown completely quiet, Cassia slipped out of her own bed and met the other two. They donned their own hooded capes and snuck out into the night. 

Athalia noticed several other hooded figures also making their way toward the grotta azurra but she did not mention it to Cassia or Ligeia. She kept it to herself, knowing that something big was going on and that all would be revealed when they arrived. One of the figures caught her eye and they briefly exchanged knowing glances before each disappeared into her own patch of darkness. 

The girls noticed two things immediately upon entering the cave. First, in addition to the acolytes in their blue robes, there were a dozen strange women in white fur cloaks. They were standing in a row along the ledge and Cassia noticed that they were all measurably taller than all of the acolytes. They were slender, too, with skin that was pale, like Sabine's. They stood so motionless that Cassia almost mistook them for statues. 

The second thing that Cassia noticed was that a dozen long wooden boats were tied to the stone platform. They were narrow and each had a mast and sail that had been removed and laid across the topside from stem to stern. Even still, it did not seem possible that these boats could have possibly slipped through the tiny opening of the cave. The magic here was powerful, yet almost unnoticeable. 

Cassia's puzzlement was interrupted by the sound of the strange music that seemed to fill the cave. The women in the blue robes, who now included Ligeia and Athalia in their number, although Cassia could not remember them ever leaving her side, fell into a trance-like state and formed a line to receive the blessing of the goddess, just as before. In turn, each knelt before Sabine and placed her lips on the priestess's wild red tangle of pubic hair, only for the briefest of moments, before standing and returning to her place on the platform. 

Cassia did not see the women in white join in the line, but nor did she see them leave. In a moment, she noticed that she had been stripped of her own clothing and had been covered in a white robe that draped over her shoulders and fell open in the front revealing her breasts and her own dark patch of pubic hair. Instinctively, Cassia joined the end of the line and made her way to the goddess.

The goddess smiled knowingly at Cassia as she bade Cassia to bow and receive her own blessing, but Cassia paused. She recalled the last vision that she saw when first she received the goddess's blessing. "I am afraid," she stammered nervously. "What shall I see? What visions await me?"

Sabine's sweet, inviting smile did not break, as she replied, "That is not for me to know. Each must receive her own message from the goddess. Your vision is for you alone. I am merely the vessel; the conduit between you and your fate."

"But, I am afraid," Cassia repeated. "I do not think that I am... ready..."

"Your fate is yours whether you receive your vision or not," replied Sabine, cutting her off. "The goddess blesses her followers by giving each a glimpse into what her fate holds for her so that she can prepare and be ready to serve the goddess when called."

Cassia was still hesitant, but Sabine's perfume seemed to be intoxicating her; making her lose her own will and drawing he forward. Cassia leaned closer and a deep longing replaced her fears. Her lips made contact with Sabine. Immediately, the world fell away and she sensed only darkness. Out of the darkness a form began to reveal itself. Slowly it materialized into a she-wolf, and she could see the wolf battling a great bull. Back and forth, the battle raged, both the bull and the wolf feinting and lunging, horns and teeth and hooves and claws flashed like the swords on a battlefield. She could hear the low, menacing growl of the she-wolf and the loud bellow of the bull. The bull reared on its hind legs and then pounded forward, leading with a lowered head, it's deadly horns aimed at the wolf's exposed flank. Cassia felt herself reach out to the she-wolf, wanting to help her, but the wolf twisted its body suddenly, rolling under and away from the charge. Cassia watched in fascinated horror as the wolf's fangs sank into the throat of the great bull, its jaws closing like a vice. At that instant, the she-wolf made eye contact with Cassia, causing her to jump back.

As soon as Cassia broke contact with Sabine, the vision was gone, replaced by the reality of the cave. Cassia leaned forward once more, her mouth hungry for Sabine's sweet pussy and for the comfort it would offer to still her and calm her thumping heart, but Sabine pulled away. "No, child. There is no time for that this night." Cassia felt arms gently pull her to her feet and away from the priestess. She heard the priestess announce to all assembled, "You have each received your instructions. The time is upon us to act. Quickly now, there is no time to waste."

The next thing Cassia knew, she was arising from her bed. It was later in the morning than she had been used to sleeping. She was disoriented and confused when Ligeia and Athalia burst into her chamber. Cassia sat up and waited for her attendants to prepare her for the day.

Instead, Athalia began throwing Cassia's clothes and possessions into a travel sack. Meanwhile Ligeia pulled Cassia roughly to her feet. She hastily removed Cassia's night robe and handed her a travel tunic and the hooded cloak.

"We must hurry, Domina," insisted Ligeia. "The Mad Emperor is dead. They are saying that Gaius Germanicus killed him. It is a coup! All who were loyal to Tiberius have been accused of treason. Hurry now, we must escape!"

Cassia was dumbfounded. "What? When...? How..." Then it struck her. "The gods! My father..."

"Is probably already dead," interrupted Ligeia flatly and without emotion. "We MUST hurry, Domina! This is a house of Tiberius' servants. If we do not hurry, we will all be slain... or worse."

In an instant, Cassia's entire world crumbled to dust. Her family was gone, as were her riches and position. In a matter of minutes, she had gone from the daughter of a powerful member of the Imperial Senate to the daughter of a traitor to Rome. Everything she knew was gone and she would be hunted. She was no longer a domina, no longer Cassia of the House of Romulus. She was suddenly nobody and very, very alone.

She dressed in a daze, her servants urgently pushing her to move faster. They could have abandoned her to her fate, or worse, given her up. It would probably save their lives to do so. To even think of helping her now was likely a death sentence for them both. She suddenly had nothing left to offer them; no wealthy household, no life of luxury, no coin to even buy their freedom, yet they were loyal. Cassia clung to that thought and gathered her wits. Athalia and Ligeia, her ever faithful servants, her sisters and her lovers, would protect her. She placed her trust in them without question and did her best to snap out of her fog.

A few minutes later, they were ready. Ligeia cracked open the door to Cassia's chamber and peered into the corridor beyond. All was clear. They made their way to the stairs leading down to the central courtyard and the main hall. Still no sign of any movement. When they reached the bottom of the stairs and entered the main hall, the outer door burst open and in charged Cassia's father's man-servant with his truncheon at the ready. Their bodyguard. A sigh of relief escaped Cassia's lips before three more men charged into the hall behind him. "There," he growled, pointing at the girls with his club.

It suddenly dawned on Cassia and her handmaidens that the bodyguard had sold them out to save his own life. They turned to flee back into the courtyard, intending to retreat to the servant's quarters above and make their escape the way they had done so many nights. But the prince's attendants who had been quartered at the house were waiting for them in the courtyard. They were now surrounded and cut off. One of the men who had come with the bodyguard drew a sword and advanced.

Athalia drew her own short dagger and stepped between the advancing guard and Cassia. He saw her short blade and grinned a wicked grin filled with yellowed and blackened teeth. He raised his sword and charged, bellowing like an enraged bull.

Out of nowhere, there was a flash of snowy white fur. In an instant, the guard had fallen. A huge white she-wolf stood over him, his throat crushed between her powerful jaws, and his face twisted in a silent scream of agony. Athalia watched as the last life twitched out of him and his eyes went glassy. She began to raise her dagger, but the wolf lowered her head in a signal that seemed to stay her. Then, the wolf turned on the other attackers, ripping them apart with a fury that only a god... or a goddess... could command.

When the last victim fell, the girls watched in horror as the wolf began to twitch and transform before their eyes. Soon, the figure before them was no longer a giant she-wolf, but the diminutive form of a small, naked woman crouching over the final victim, his blood dripping from her lip. She raised her head and revealed herself to the girls. There, crouching before them, was Gaia, the head of the house.

She stood and approached the girls, not bothering to either wipe the attacker's blood from her lip and chin or to cover her nudity. She looked directly into Cassia's eyes and spoke, saying, "It is time. You must seek my priestess, Sabine. I will be with you. From now and forever, I will be with you."

Cassia was dumbfounded. Before her, once more, was the wolf. Gaia was gone. The wolf strode toward the outer door and paused, looking back over her shoulder to the girls. 

All three quickly followed. The entire village was in an uproar. The people had taken to the streets, but whether it was in protest over the coup or in support for the new Emperor, the girls did not bother to find out. Instead, they skirted the village and made their way to the grotta azurra, taking a circuitous route to ensure that they were not followed. The she-wolf led the way and seemed to pick out a path that led from shadow to shadow despite the brightness of the early day. She left the girls at the entrance to the cave, pausing only to nudge Cassia in a gentle, almost loving way, before departing.

The girls entered the cave and found that the boats were being loaded with the acolytes. A tall woman dressed in a white robe was directing the loading of each vessel and Sabine was perched on her marble bench, presiding over all. Athalia turned to Cassia and said, "Domina, we must leave you for a while. We have each been tasked by the goddess and we must each do her will. But we are to return to you soon and we will be your protectors when you are ready for us." Athalia slipped out of her clothes and handed the travel bag to Cassia. She was about to put on her blue robe, but she paused, a tear forming at the corner of her eye. She threw her arms around her domina and pressed her check to Cassia's forehead. "Oh, Domina," she said, choking back a tear. "I will always love you and I will always come back to you." With that she kissed Cassia. It was a deep, sweet, lingering kiss. Cassia wrapped her own arms around her servant's lithe naked body, pulling her close, trying to memorize everything about her before they parted. She, too, was crying. Finally, they broke the kiss. With a final tear, Athalia gripped Cassia's hand in her long, slender fingers, and then melted into the crowd of acolytes. 

It was now Ligeia's turn to say goodbye. "Et tu?" whispered Cassia.

"Yes," replied Ligeia, bowing her head. "I have never been so loved or filled with such joy as when I have served you, Domina, and you must know that I am pledged to you forever. Our parting shall not be so long." She did not have a tear, but rather a sly smile for her mater. "You must have me for comfort after all." With that, she removed her tunic and held one full, heavy breast out to her domina.

Cassia bent forward and took the breast into her mouth, suckling on the hard nipple. She lingered there for a moment, enjoying the warm feeling that passed between them. Then, she stood upright and kissed Ligeia on the lips. "Come back to me," she said. "Don't make me come find you." A moment later, Ligeia, too, had melted into the crowd of acolytes.

Cassia looked up to see that Sabina was summoning her. She made her way to the priestess. "You knew all of this would happen! Why didn't you save my father? We could have warned him!"

Sabine waited a moment before replying. "You had the visions. Why did you not warn him? You have been hiding out, under the full protection of the goddess, for weeks. You have been laying around being waited on and attended to, yet you, yourself, did nothing. Why?"

Cassia became incensed. "How was I to interpret such bizarre visions? How was I to know what all of that meant?"

"Yes," said Sabine. "That is it, precisely. The goddess gives us visions of our own fate, but she is a god. She cannot see that we mortals cannot understand her. It is we that must learn to read and interpret her warnings and guidance. Only then may we serve her."

"But you knew, and you knew that I would be helpless," retorted Cassia. "You knew that my family would be hunted down and that I would be orphaned and cast out. You could have helped."

"I am as much a servant of the goddess as you are," offered Sabine. "I can no more see your visions or interpret them than I can see through the eyes of a gull as he soars over the cliffs. Like you, I was given my instructions and, like you, I had no choice but to accept my fate and serve the goddess as she bade me to do." She paused. Sabine could see that her answer was unsatisfactory to the young girl, so she continued, "I was instructed to bring you into the fold and I was given a vision that you were in great danger. In my vision, you appeared as a lamb in the field and a dark storm had gathered on the horizon. I was sent to call you into the fold. Nothing more. Perhaps the goddess knew only that; that you were in danger. Perhaps she has a plan for you that only she knows."

Cassia sat next to Sabine and pondered her words. "So..." she began. "The goddess has stripped me of all that I have ever loved. If I had known that she was so cruel..."

"Your fate would still have been the same," interrupted Sabine. "You must learn to love the goddess. When the goddess becomes everything that you have ever loved, your losses will be restored to you in ways that you cannot now foresee. For example, you know that the mad emperor captured my sister and did horrible things to her before she died?"

"Yes," said Cassia. Her mood was shifting from anger to melancholy as she tried to come to grips with her fate.

"Well," continued Sabine, "The goddess gave me the means to be the instrument of her retribution. It is I who killed the mad emperor."

"What" A dark cloud of confusion fell over Cassia's face.

Sabine told her story: "On the night of the full moon, I took the form of an innocent young maiden. I went to the village and lay down in the yard of one of the houses where we had just rescued a young girl. When the emperor's men came, they found me and captured me.

"They brought me to the palace and put me in a cell with a few other young women. It was very comfortable and we were fed better food than most of these young women had ever eaten in their lives. Some of the girls began to grow accustomed to being pampered. But it was still a prison. 
