 Faith and I have been friends for six years. Faith is tall with light brown hair that stops just above her small breasts. She always has a pair of black glasses perched on the end of her nose. I have always found Faith to be quite attractive. I have never told Faith how I feel towards her though. Faith was shocked when I told her I was a lesbian and had a girlfriend, Becky. I must admit, I was surprised at how quickly Faith accepted everything. I was so relieved!

“Lisa! What are you doing here?”

“I’m sorry to just show up like this without calling,” I quickly said as I stepped inside. “I hope I’m not interrupting anything?”

“No, I was just watching TV,” Faith said as she closed the door.

“What’s the matter?”

“Let’s go upstairs.”

I followed Faith upstairs to her bedroom.

“You don’t look so good, so what’s up?”

I started crying. Faith told me to sit on the bed. She sat down next to me and put her arm around me. I rested my head on her shoulder.

“Becky broke up with me. I got up this morning and there was a message on the machine. She said we weren’t right for each other and she was seeing someone else.”

Faith was silent for a few moments and then she whispered, “What a bitch.”

I cried for a few more minutes, while Faith continued holding me.

“No she isn’t,” I suddenly said.

“What?”

“Becky isn’t a bitch. She’s smart, beautiful, and sweet. Well usually.”

“Well she’s also a fool,” Faith said.

I stared questioningly into her eyes. 

“For dumping you. There is no way she’ll find someone nicer or more loving than you.”

“You really think so,” I asked with hopeful eyes.

“No doubt about it,” Faith said smiling.

I turned and gave Faith a big hug.

“Thanks.”

“Anytime. Let’s go get something to eat.”

Faith and I went downstairs to the kitchen. We had turkey sandwiches and chips. We grabbed a movie and went back up to Faith’s room. The movie started off okay, and then it progressively got worse. The main character started having sex with the bad guy’s girlfriend. The woman on the screen was beautiful. She dropped all of her clothes and she had gorgeous breasts. I glanced over at Faith. Her eyes were glued to the TV. After the sex scene ended, I turned to Faith.

“She was really beautiful.”

“Yes she was. I wish I looked half as good as that.”

I gave Faith a little smile. She had no idea how pretty she was.

“Do you ever fantasize about being with a woman?”

Faith looked at me. She could tell I was serious.

“Yeah sometimes,” she said softly. Her eyes were glued to the floor.

“You know that doesn’t mean you are gay?”

“Yeah I know. I like to look at their bodies.”

“Well women have beautiful bodies.”

Faith looked back up at me. She could tell we were just talking, that I didn’t have anything up my sleeve. 

“When did you fantasizing about women?”

Faith took a deep breath and kept her eyes locked with mine.

“When you told me you were a lesbian and going out with Becky.”

“Well that’s understandable. I told you I was dating a woman and obviously sleeping with her, so your mind got curious.”

“Yeah I guess you’re right. Now, I wonder if sleeping with a woman is different than with a man. Hell, I wonder if kissing is different.”

“I don’t know. Becky’s the only person I’ve ever kissed.”

Faith continued looking at me.

“Do you want to kiss me,” I asked, my heart full of hope. When Faith didn’t answer me, I started getting nervous.

“I just asked because I know you’ve kissed so many guys.”

“What do you mean by many?”

A soft smile appeared on Faith’s pretty face.

“You know what I mean.”

“Yeah I know.”

“So do you want to or not?”

I could tell Faith wanted to, but was just very hesitant. I put my arm around Faith and pulled her towards me. Before we kissed, I looked into Faith’s eyes. They seemed to be full of excitement and curiosity. Satisfied that Faith wanted this, I pulled Faith closer. When our lips met, a surge of electricity shot through my entire body. I was very surprised when Faith slipped me the tongue. I wanted to stay and kiss Faith just like this the rest of the day. Faith suddenly pulled back. I think it dawned on her just how long we had been kissing.

“So how was it?” I asked.

“Better than I expected.”

“How about in comparison with kissing a guy?”

“Once again, I would have to say better.”

We smiled at each other.

“Thanks for the experience.”

“That’s what being a friend is all about.”

Faith really found this to be funny.

“I was really surprised when you slipped me the tongue,” I told Faith truthfully.

“Yeah I guess I kind of got into it.”

“You certainly did. You were better than Becky.”

“Really? So is everything better with a girl?”

“You really want to know?”

“Yes, I really do.”

I reached out and put my arms around Faith, as our lips met once again. I forced my body against hers, causing me to fall on top of her. As we kissed, I ran my hands down her arms and finally to her breasts. I stopped kissing Faith long enough to tell her to lose her clothes. She kicked her shoes off and quickly got out of her pants. Her shirt had six buttons up the front. She started unbuttoning it. I pushed her hands out of the way. I ripped her shirt open, buttons flying every which way. I pulled the cups on her bra down just enough to free her breasts and still have her bra on. I was so eager to take Faith! I began sucking on Faith’s breasts. She started moaning. I began rubbing her pussy through her panties with my right hand. Her moans were increasing. I moved down Faith’s body. I quickly removed her panties. I wrapped my lips tightly around her erect clit. I ran my tongue across it. Faith’s entire body jumped. I began sucking. Faith hissed, “Oh yes!” I inserted two fingers into her dripping cunt.

After a short period, Faith announced she was close. I removed my fingers from her pussy replacing it with my tongue. I pumped my tongue in and out about five times when Faith came. I looked up and noticed she was biting her lower lip to keep quiet. I quickly lapped up all of her sweet cum. I helped Faith to her feet. She put her pants and shoes on while I got her a different top from her closet. I told her I needed a ride home. We were silent the whole ride home. When we pulled into my driveway, Faith broke the silence. 

“So if you aren’t seeing Becky anymore, I guess that means you’re single?”

“I’m not single anymore.”

Faith smiled at me, so I leaned in and we kissed. Since then, my best friend and lover are one.