 Saturday: The End of the Road

Saturday was a very long day. We drove from San Antonio to Houston, barely arriving in time. We set up for our first round of presentations. The entire group was tired, but we were all in high spirits and having a good time.

The first presentation ended at 6pm. The next started at 7 and we had to break down, drive over to the high school, and get set up in an hour. It was hectic, to say the least. We worked together and got it done, barely. 

The princess and I had walked back out to get the last box of flyers. On the way back in, I noticed one of the football coaches coming down the hallway. I glanced at him and smiled as he passed. We'd made it to the end of the hall when he shouted, "Freckles!"

I turned. He was already walking back toward us. "It's really you, isn't it? I can't believe it!"

It took me a minute to recognize him. We'd dated briefly when I was in high school. I hadn't seen him in years.

When he reached me, he picked me up and spun me around, the way he'd always done. I laughed, smiling down at him. It was one of those moments when you feel like you've stepped back in time. We chatted for a few more minutes until the guys came looking for us.

He asked the obvious questions; what are you doing here? how long will you be in town? I answered as quickly as I could. I really needed to get in there and start my presentation. He gave me his number and wished me luck as I hurried in to get things started.

I was a little on edge after being sidetracked, but I got the presentation started and before long I was back on task. That's when I noticed him. He'd decided to stay for the presentation. It was a sweet gesture, especially given the fact that it is a very dull presentation intended for counselors and administrators. He was smiling and occasionally making faces at me. It really was like high school all over again.

I glanced over at the princess, but she wasn't looking at me. I soon realized that she wouldn't look at me. Shit. The princess wasn't happy and I had no clue what was wrong.

The presentation ended and there were polite claps from the group. He stood up and cheered like an idiot. I blushed like a teenager. The princess pouted. A light bulb went off in my head when I realized why she was upset.

Shit. This was our last night together and she's pissed off. I started to get pissed, too. She'd made me wait until after midnight the night before. While I was sitting alone waiting, she'd been on the phone with her husband giving him all of the details of our adventures. I'd tried not to let that bother me, but now she had the nerve to get mad because I'd talked with an old friend for a few minutes?

I didn't say anything as we started to break down and get things ready to load up. He came over and offered to help. I refused, but the guys accepted and we were packed in record time. 

He asked if I had plans for dinner. I looked at the gang and said we were all going out. The boys, who were well aware of my separation and that I haven't been dating, quickly said I should go and have fun. They said they'd be fine, they didn't mind at all. 

The princess was silent.

I tried to refuse, saying I needed to stay with them. We needed to talk about work.

He offered to take the entire group out to dinner, his treat. The guys quickly refused, insisting I go on my "date." Again, silence from the princess.

I made one last attempt to back out, saying I hated to leave her alone with the boys. She finally spoke, "Just go." It pissed me off, so I did.

We went to Wendy's. I know, doesn't sound like much of a date. It was though. That's where we'd gone on our first date, so many years ago. I was touched that he'd remembered. He even remembered I would order a small frosty and dip my fries in it. I had a terrific time. It was fun catching up. He was going through a divorce also, so we were both alone, yet unavailable. It was just nice to be able to talk to someone who understood what I was going through.

After dinner, he drove me back to the hotel. I didn't invite him up. I could tell he was a little disappointed, but he was very gracious about it. He gave me another spin, kissed my cheek, and said goodbye.

I was back in my room shortly after 10pm. I called the princess and told her I was back. I invited her over. She said, "I'll think about it," and hung up the phone.

Shit.

I stripped and crawled in to bed. I was irritated. And I was horny, as usual. I tried watching TV for a while. I got bored with that and played on Lit for a while. That was a terrible idea. Lit has a way of making horny worse, not better. I finally gave up and got my vibrator out of my suitcase. I had just crawled back into bed with it when she knocked softly on the door.

Shit!

I didn't even bother to get dressed. I opened the door and stood there, waiting. She just looked at me. For several moments we just stared. 

Finally, she said, "I'm sorry. I was jealous."

I said, "You are married. Don't talk to me about being fucking jealous."

"Please," she whispered, "this is our last night ... I don't want to fight with you."

"Well, what the hell do you want from me then?"

"Please, baby, just let me in. I'm sorry."

I stepped back and let her in. As I closed the door, I told her to get undressed and get in bed.

I walked over to her slowly. I was still angry. But I wanted her. I wanted to punish her for making me wait. I wanted to make her sorry that this was our last night together. And I wanted to take my time, enjoying every moment, making every second memorable. I wanted to be tender, but I also wanted to fuck her senseless. 

I told her all of it, exactly what I was feeling. She whispered, "Fuck me senseless, then we can take our time." 

I laid down beside her, not touching her. I just stared at her for a while. She was so beautiful and so infuriating. I grabbed the vibrator and handed it to her as I leaned over and kissed her, softly. I slid a hand up to her breast, squeezing it, pinching her nipple, tugging on it. I wasn't gentle. I wanted to be, but I wasn't. I just couldn't. I moved my hand down, parting her thighs. As I brushed against her slit, I could feel the moisture there. She was already wet.

"I'm going to touch you. And taste you. When you are ready for me to fuck you, you can hand me the vibrator. It's up to you. But I won't be gentle. If you hand it to me, I am going to fuck you, hard and fast. I will be brutal. Don't expect me to be kind. Do you understand?"

I didn't wait for an answer. I moved lower, kneeling between her thighs. I grabbed her knees and pulled them up, then pushed them open wide. I slid my right hand down her thigh, slowly, stopping just shy of her lips. I traced them with my thumb, sliding it up and down, up and down. She sighed softly. 

I pushed my thumb in, parting her lips, and slid it up to her clit. It was already hard and swollen. Of course. I pressed against it, firm pressure, and then slid my thumb back and forth. She began to moan. I applied more pressure.

She tried to thrust her hips against my hand, but I wasn't having it. I placed my left hand just below her belly button and pressed her down against the mattress. I started rubbing her clit faster. She was moaning loud, so close, wiggling beneath my hands. I pressed her down harder, holding her still as I pushed her over the edge. She came quickly. I didn't stop. She'd barely come off of one orgasm when the next one hit. She screamed, begging me to fuck her, but she didn't hand me the vibrator so I just kept rubbing. 

As soon as she came off of the second orgasm, I grabbed her hips, lifting them to my lips. She slipped her legs over my shoulders, as I slid my tongue in, going straight for her clit again. I sucked on it, hard, sliding my tongue ring over and under it, again and again, as I sucked. I was rough, maybe too rough. I didn't stop though. I sucked and tongued her clit until she screamed time and again. I could hear her mumbling, moaning, growling, screaming, begging me to stop, begging me for more, begging me to fuck her. I didn't stop. I kept attacking her clit, without mercy, until she reached out to hand me the vibrator.

I dropped her, her ass bouncing against the bed, as I grabbed the vibrator out of her hand.

"I told you, I won't be gentle. Do you know what you are asking me to do?"

She nodded. I slid it in, deep, and back out. She moaned and tried to thrust her hips again.

"Hold your legs up ... wide."

She placed her hands behind her knees and held them up.

"Wider."

She spread them as wide as she could.

"Good. Now don't move them. Don't drop them."

I slid the toy back in, hard. She moaned.

"Fuck. This won't be easy for you. I'm sorry, but ..."

I started fucking her, hard and fast, driving it in deep over and over again. She was moaning so loud, I thought I'd lose my mind. I just kept going, kept fucking her as hard as I could, slamming into her pussy again and again, until she started to scream, screaming my name. God, I was lost, the sound of my name on her lips driving me crazy. I didn't stop until she'd come back down, until she was completely weak. I tossed the vibrator on the floor and laid down with her, kissing her gently, my hands in her hair.

I apologized, many times. She just laughed and said she was satisfied, content. She finally told me to shut up. She'd wanted rough. She loved it. I still felt terrible about it.

I rolled over, turning my back to her. I was afraid I was going to cry.

I felt her leave the bed. I could hear her shuffling around in the bathroom. I heard water running. I assumed she was getting dressed to leave.

When she crawled back into bed, I let out a deep sigh. I didn't realize I'd been holding my breath. She moved in behind me, snuggling close. She began to kiss my neck, nibbling my ear ...

She whispered, "Get over yourself, you're not THAT good."

I giggled, I couldn't help it.

"That's better. I don't like it when you're upset."

I sighed. "I'm sorry."

She smacked my ass, hard. "No more apologies, woman!"

I giggled again. "I'm sorry. I mean ... I don't mean to. Sorry. Ahh, shit."

She smacked my ass again, harder. I laughed loud that time.

"You like that, don't you," she said as she smacked me again.

I laughed harder. "No, I'll be good, I promise! I'm sorry!"

She smacked me again. "I said no more apologies!"

I rolled over quickly, pinning her beneath me, and started tickling her. She fought back, tickling me. We rolled around, wrestling and tickling, but eventually I lost the fight, I'm a lot more ticklish than she is.

When she had me completely pinned down, she showed me the vibrator on the bedside table. She's washed it and had it ready for me. I assumed she meant she had it ready for me to fuck her again. I can only imagine the shocked look on my face. 

She just grinned and said, softly, "I want to fuck you with it, if you'll let me."

I said, "Of course. After what I did to you, I won't say no to anything you ask. I really am sorry."

She sighed. "Stop that. It was perfect, exactly what I wanted. Now it's my turn." She slid her hand down, slipping one finger deep, all the way in. "You're so wet, baby. Is that from fucking me?"

I nodded.

She grinned. "I'm gonna fuck you so good, baby. So slow. You'll be begging for more but you're going to wait. It's gonna be a long time before you cum, but you will cum for me. I promise you that."

She picked up the vibe and slid off of me, lying next to me on the bed.

"Part your legs for me, baby, just a little bit."

I did as she asked.

She slipped the very tip of it between my lips, sliding it up and down, getting it wet.

"I know you cum fast when I tease your clit. Can you come without it? I mean, just from fucking?"

I nodded, whispering, "Sometimes."

She grinned, sliding it all the way in. I moaned softly and she pulled out all the way to the tip. Then she slid it back in, very slowly, and back out. 

I closed my eyes and just concentrated on the feeling. It's so hard for me to cum this way, but it's what she wanted. I was determined to try.

She continued to work the vibrator in and out slowly. She kept a steady pace, though I desperately wanted her to go faster. She never sped up. She never turned it on. She just continued thrusting in and out, again and again. She would occasionally switch hands when her arm got tired.

It felt so good. So loving. No one has ever ... I've never been treated that way before. Slow and gentle was always just the foreplay portion. It was never the main attraction. It was never about just pleasing me. I was touched. I could feel the hollow ache that told me this was going to break my heart. I also knew it was worth it. She was worth it.

She was determined. Bless her heart, she wasn't going to give up. She just kept sliding that vibrator in and out, slow and steady, fucking my tight little pussy like it's the only thing she wanted to do. Like it was the most important thing in the world to her. Like I was the most important thing to her. 

And it worked. It took well over an hour, but it worked. I was so surprised when I felt the tension starting to build. It was slow, but intense. I've never had an orgasm build so slowly or last that long. By the time the tension finally broke, I was in tears. It was beautiful. Perfect. And it broke my heart, just like I knew it would.

We slept for a while after that, holding each other. Then we made love again, no toys. Just kisses and touching. We spent the rest of the night pushing one another to cum again and again. She was still in my bed the first time the boys called saying they were ready to go. She dressed quietly. We kissed, and she went back to her room to pack.

It was a very long drive home. We stopped a few times to kiss and touch. Twice we actually parked and had sex in the car. It was hot. Hurried and passionate. Desperate.

When we got back to the office we said our goodbyes, kissed softly, and went our separate ways.

I see her at work every day. It's hard. Mostly because she wants more and I can't give her that. I was very clear in the beginning that it would just be a weekend, no strings, no ongoing affair. She still wants more. Deep in the hollowest part of my soul, so do I.