 Thursday night: opening ceremony

We left Thursday afternoon on a work trip, two men, the princess, and me. The boys took the van with all of the display equipment. The princess and I took a separate car.

Thursday night we shared a room. Friday and Saturday were planned far enough in advance that we all had our own rooms, but Thursday was a last minute add-on so we had to double up. All through our presentations, she would smile at me - that smile that I later learned means she is thinking of naughty things. I was thinking them, too.

After work was finished, we went out for dinner as a group. It was nice to spend some time together away from the office. The boys were in high spirits, enjoying a night of freedom from their wives and children. I was having a good time, but was nervous about the night ahead. I'd never been with a woman before. It's not something I'd ever really even considered outside of my most private fantasies. I did what I always do when nerves threaten to take over, I took charge of the situation. I told the group I was tired and wanted to turn in. The boys grumbled a bit, but soon we were leaving the restaurant. 

Back at the hotel, we said goodnight to the guys and headed upstairs. As soon as we were in the room, she closed the door and pushed me back against it, kissing me hard.

I laughed. She made a pouting face and I laughed harder.

She stepped back, a confused expression, but didn't say anything.

I grinned. "We've got all night, princess. No need to hurry this time. And I want to see you."

I walked past her and went to sit on the side of the bed. As she turned to face me, I said, "You are mine tonight. Show me what is mine."

She smiled and obeyed, pulling her sweater off first. It was snug, dragging against her breasts as she took it off, making them bounce just a bit. I tried to swallow but my mouth felt dry. She reached back and unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to the floor. She took a step toward me.

"No, princess. Show me."

She stopped and looked down, obviously nervous. I said, "You take my breath away. So beautiful. Let me see you."

Eyes still on the floor, she reached behind her to unfasten her bra. As the tension was released the fabric shifted, slipping down just enough that I could almost see her nipples. Almost. I moaned softly. She glanced up as she reached for the straps and pulled them off, letting the bra fall away. Her nipples were already hard. Mine hardened in response. I couldn't look away.

"Ahh, princess, you are stunning. Show me more. Please."

She smiled, but I could tell she was anxious. She hesitated for a few moments. I didn't say anything, didn't push. Finally, with a deep breath, she slid her panties down over her hips and let them fall to the floor. She kicked them to the side and then looked at me, her eyes locked with mine.

Again, she took a step forward. I shook my head no as I stood up. I pulled my dress off and tossed it aside. I wasn't wearing a bra, just panties. I left them on and sat back down.

I whispered, "Come here."

She walked over, stopping just in front of me, her eyes still on mine. I was nervous as I reached out to her, placing my hands on her hips. She was so beautiful. With some effort, I looked down slowly, taking it all in. I wanted to kiss and nibble all that I saw. Her long, slender neck, her chest, those delicious nipples, each demanded my attention. Her stomach was flat, but soft ... so soft. And her hips flared just right. 

I slid my hands around and down over her ass. She moaned, but I didn't look up. I looked lower, at the tiny little triangle of curls perched just above her smooth, bare pussy. I'd never really looked at a woman this way before. I honestly didn't know what to do. I glanced up at her and I must have looked puzzled because she giggled. 

I slid my hands back around, sliding them up over her stomach, higher, cupping a breast in each. They were perfect, a little more than I could hold. I released one and used the free hand to pull her down into my lap. Leaning forward, I took her waiting nipple between my lips, kissing it softly. She moaned and arched her back. Ahh, her nipples were just as sensitive as mine. I wanted more. Needed more. I closed my lips over it again, sucking gently this time, pulling it deeper into my mouth. When I slid my tongue against it, she trembled. It was amazing. I knew exactly what she was feeling. I knew exactly what she wanted, what she needed. I wasn't nervous anymore.

I pulled my lips away and laid back on the bed, taking her with me. As she slid back toward the pillows, I crawled across after her. I can only imagine that I looked like an animal stalking her that way. She was grinning. I didn't care, I just wanted her. I didn't stop until I was straddling her, my ass nestled against her pussy as I took her nipple in my mouth again. 

I wasn't gentle this time. I sucked it hard, flicking my tongue back and forth quickly. She began to moan, trying to move her hips. There was nowhere for the princess to go. She was pinned beneath me and every time she wiggled, it rubbed her pussy against mine. I bit her, not too hard, but it was enough to make her jerk her hips. I moaned. So did she.

I released her nipple and went after the other one, teasing it the same way. She was moaning and thrusting up against me. It was driving me crazy!

I slid my right hand down between us, slipping a finger between her lips. She was so damn wet. When I slid my finger against her clit, she almost growled. It was the sexiest sound I'd ever heard. Her clit was already hard and swollen, the way mine gets when I'm close. I knew she wouldn't last long. 

I slid lower, sinking my finger deep into her pussy. She immediately started squeezing. God, she was so close. I pushed another finger in slowly, letting my thumb brush against her clit, making her growl again. Instinctively, I thrust my hips against hers, against my hand. When I did, I slid down on my little finger, hitting my clit.

"Ahh, Fuck." I lost the ability to think, to control anything. I abandoned her nipple and sat up, riding her, grinding down against her, my fingers pushing deep into her pussy with each thrust, my thumb sliding against her clit, pinky finger sliding against mine. I rode her hard and fast. It didn't take long before she was crying out, bucking against me as she came. I came then, hearing her, feeling her squeezing my fingers. It was too much. I came hard.

The rest of the night was more of the same. We took turns touching each other. It was all hands and it was amazing.