 Hi everyone. My name is Katie. I'm 18 years old and live in New York. This is my first time writing anything like this. I'm not really sure how good this will turn out but I felt like I should at least give it a try. I hope you like it.

*

So...as I said before, I'm Katie & I'm 18 years old. I wanted to write & tell the story about me & my best friend Amanda. Her & I have been friends since we were 2 years old. We live a few blocks from each other & have been in the same classes together since I can remember. We do everything together. Our parents tease us that we should have been twins because we are inseparable.

Amanda is beyond gorgeous. She stands at about 5'9 inches tall & weighs about 118 pounds. She has gorgeous long blond hair that goes down to the middle of her back. She is lean & athletic with a great body. Her breasts are a 36d. I know this because we both share each others clothes. Guys...you wouldn't understand. Girls...can you imagine being able to double your wardrobe for free???!!

As for myself, I am also tall...5'9 and weigh about 125. I have shoulder length blond hair and have somewhat smaller boobs..34c. They're a full C, though. LOL! My build is similar to Amanda's in that I'm also tall & lanky...but athletic. Needless to say, we get lots of looks from the guys...and even a few from the girls!

Like I said, we're in the same school as well as the same classes so it wasn't unusual for us to both try out for the swim team together. We've both been swimming since we were kids. My grandfather taught us both how to swim and we even joined the local team. After scores of awards & medals, we were naturals for our high school team. Amanda & I out-swam every girl on our team...even the Seniors. By the time we made it to Senior year, we had broken just about every record for swimming our school had.

One night, after one of our races, Amanda & I met up with a few of the other girls from our team for some beers that Chrissy stole from her dad's stash. My folks were out of town helping my brother move so I told Amanda she could stay with me. It was me, Amanda, Chrissy, Megan & the new girl, Kelly. Chrissy is a short little brunette...maybe 5'5 with huge boobs. I have no idea how she even can swim with those things. They're easily a 38dd. Megan is tall...about 5'11 with a full mane of red hair. No, not Bozo the Clown red hair. I mean that gorgeous auburn-red hair. She's thin, but because she's so tall, she just looks big. Kelly is the new girl & she is gorgeous. She looks like a snooty little rich girl but she is far from that. She is such a sweetheart & is so down to Earth. She's got dark hair with two blond streaks down the front. She's about 5'8 & has a couple of extra pounds to her. When I say extra pounds, I mean she has big boobs. She's the kind of girl that when you see her, you either think she's fat or pregnant because her clothes tent out over her belly. Her boobs just get in the way sometimes.

Now, being amateur drinkers, the five of us got pretty bombed pretty quick. After a recharge with some pizza, we started to play drinking games that Megan's brother taught her. I was fine until we started playing Chandelier. That did me in & I vaguely remember being carried off to my bed. As I slipped in & out of consciousness, I kept hearing the girls shrieking & laughing.

I remember waking up sometime in the middle of the night with the tremendous urge to pee. I was still in a daze & my legs didn't seem to work so I thought I was still dreaming. About two hours later, I woke up again. This time, something wasn't right. I moved my hand down & felt myself. Oh My God!!!! I wet the bed!!!! I haven't wet the bed since I was like 3 or 4. I hope to God no one finds this out. I sat up & slowly climbed out of bed, my head pounding unlike anything I've ever felt before. I stripped off my wet clothes & walked to the bathroom. I didn't hear anything or anyone...there were no lights on so I figured everyone went home. I walked into the bathroom & saw a figure in the dark leaning down by the toilet. It took me a moment but then I remembered that Amanda was sleeping over & I just assumed that she was drunk & probably getting sick.

"Amanda, is that you?"

"Mmmppppfffff"

"Oh sweetie. Are you OK? Do you need me to hold your hair?"

She never responded but just kept moaning. I walked up behind her & leaned over & grabbed her hair.

"It's OK, sweetie. Just let it go. You'll feel better in the morning."

I heard the moans but it wasn't in the right place...it was up higher. I started to pay a bit more attention & things didn't seem to add up. I let go of the hair & felt my way to the door & turned on the nightlight we have. I turned around & realized that Amanda was sitting on the toilet & Kelly was down on her knees with her head in Amanda's crotch. Then I thought, well, why is Amanda sitting there while Kelly's throwing up. Hey...I never said I was a rocket scientist!! Then it hit me like a brick...Kelly was going down on Amanda!

Amanda & I are no prudes when it comes to porn. We've watched our fair share of both straight & lesbian porn. Secretly, I think we've both been curious about other girls but we never let it come to light. Now, to see Amanda getting eaten out by Kelly was just mind blowing. I didn't even know Kelly was into that sort of thing. See...it goes to show you that you never truly know anyone!

Kelly sat back on her heels & looked sort of flustered. Even though she was still drunk, she was embarrassed that she got caught. She looked at me & slowly started to cup her boobs & rub her nipples. I turned my head away & looked at myself in the mirror. It was then that I realized that I was completely naked & probably reeking of piss. I was still in a daze & leaned over & turned on the shower. Once the water was hot enough, I slid the glass open & stepped in. The water felt so good on my body. I took the soap & started to wash myself. As I scrubbed, I watched Kelly look at me, then at Amanda, then back to me. She got a look in her eye & then leaned over & started to lick Amanda again. Amanda perked back up again from her drunken stupor. I stood there & lazily caressed my body as I watched my best friend being eaten out. After about 5 minutes, I didn't hear much going on. Horny now from the show I was watching, I shut the water off & got out. Apparently, Kelly passed out in her position & Amanda was not much better. I pulled Kelly off her & laid her on the bathroom rug. I then leaned over & picked Amanda up & slowly walked out to my room. She was so heavy & I was still half drunk & we both flopped down onto the bed. I tried pulling her up onto the bed more until it dawned on me that the bed was still wet from my pee & now her clothes are wet. With much trouble, I eventually got Amanda undressed & pulled the covers over the wet spot & we both laid on top of the comforter.

As I lay there, I couldn't help but wonder about what I just saw. I had no idea that Amanda was into girls. I mean, like I said before, we've watched lesbian porn & we've talked about it. Hell, we even knew some girls from school had played around with each other. I just never thought she was that much into it. As I thought more about it, I started to slowly become wetter & wetter. Then, thinking about me getting wetter made me even more wet. I have no idea what compelled me to do it, but I slowly got up onto my knees & positioned myself right next to Amanda. With a very timid hand, I slowly reached out to her belly & touched her. Her skin was so soft & smooth and hot to the touch. I rubbed her belly for a few seconds until I got a bit bolder & slowly moved my hand up to her breasts. She was still wearing a bra but I stole a quick feel. They were so squishy & pliable. I quickly looked up at her face...yep...still out cold.

I got off the bed & slowly started to pace my room. I was at odds with myself at what I thought was about to happen. I have always wanted to try this & now was the perfect time. My morals, however, kept saying it was wrong to touch your best friend while she's passed out. My horniness won the fight.

I climbed back on the bed & moved closer to Amanda. I reached behind her & undid her bra & pulled it off her. I watched as her beautiful breasts slowly spilled down the side of her chest. Her perky pink nipples slowly getting harder & harder from being exposed. I leaned over the other way & slowly pulled her panties down. This was a little tougher, but I got them off. I started to shake a little as I saw her smooth, bald pussy just lying there. I didn't know what to do first, but the increasing pressure in my pussy was telling me I had to do something quick!

I looked up at her face to make sure she was still out cold & then I tucked my hair behind my ear & leaned down & took her nipple in my mouth. It was hard & soft at the same time. I flicked my tongue over it a few times & then with my hand, I cupped her breast & sucked more of her tit into my mouth. I wasn't sure if I was doing it right or wrong...I had nothing to gauge it with. I let go of her tit & repeated the same thing on her other one. It doesn't sound hot at all but it was certainly doing it's magic on me. My pussy was on fire at this point & I couldn't stop shaking from the excitement/anticipation. I slowly moved down to her legs & pushed them apart. I thought "well, here goes nothing!"

I leaned down & watched her tight pussy slowly open up & reveal itself. With her legs together, her pussy looked tighter than a clam shell. I've always loved pussy that looked that way. Mine, thankfully, is the same way...nice & tight. I leaned forward & took a slight sniff. Aside from it smelling a little like pee, she smelled good...like the vanilla body lotion that she always uses. I used my fingers to open her up a little more & when I touched her clit, her whole body jolted. I damn near jumped off the bed & out of my skin until I realized that she was still out. I bent down, stuck my tongue out & slowly touched her clit. It felt weird...different on my tongue. I licked another time...then another. It got to the point that I was licking her pussy like I had been doing it for years. I was so engrossed with my new found favorite activity that I never noticed Amanda open her eyes.

"Wha...what's going on? Katie...what are you doing?"

I didn't even bother to respond. Ask a stupid question...get a stupid answer! I slid my hands down under her ass & slowly started to pull her pussy closer to me. She kept trying to say things but I couldn't make it out. 

It was amazing!!! I have never had anything this good before. The more I licked, the wetter she got. The wetter she got, the wetter I got. I moved one hand out from under her & moved it immediately to my aching pussy. I rubbed my cunt so fast that my hand must have been a blur. Amanda started to moan more so I guess I was doing something right. That set me off & just as I was about to cum, she let out a soft but sexy moan. I immediately came. The feeling was so overwhelming to me that I just couldn't hold it in any longer. I practically cried into Amanda's pussy as I had the best orgasm of my life. I literally saw stars, that's how hard I came. When I finally calmed down, I started to shake again. I was so nervous. I laid back down next to her & looked at her. She looked so peaceful sleeping there. I leaned forward & lightly kissed her lips. As our lips touched, she opened her eyes & smiled. I have a feeling that this is far from over.