 The carriage rounded a corner from a narrow dirt lane causing a flock of chickens and ducks to scatter. A young girl was crossing the courtyard from the community well carrying two water buckets that were much too heavy for her size. Four matched stallions, snow white with black feet and black leather harnesses decorated in silver, spooked. The horse pulling front right reared up, the black and silver carriage tipped and then settled back on four wheels. When it finally came to a stop, six mounted escorts in full armor and lances waving, rushed to the front to surround the carriage and the treasure within. One man, the captain of the guard leaped from his horse and raced to the carriage door. As he did, the young girl was in his path and with the flash of his boot, he rolled the girl out of his way, dumping her to the ground, water spilling, turning the dirt to mud.

He quickly opened the carriage door and peered inside. The princess Anna was on the floor, her head against the far wall. Her clothing was rumpled and her normally perfect hair was a mess. On the other seat, a young handmaiden lay holding her right arm and in tears. "Princess Anna, are you injured?" He asked. The princess waved him off while pulling herself onto the seat. See to her. She pointed to the girl. After a quick examination, he stated. "Her arm is broken. I will have her transported to the castle immediately." As he helped the girl from the carriage, the Princess asked. "What happened?"

"A girl, a commoner was hauling water and walked in front of the horses." The captain explained. 

"I will see this girl." The princess said and began to exit the carriage.

"Princess Anna." The captain said. "This place is dirty and she is covered with mud. You should remain in the carriage.

"I will see this girl who nearly killed me." And that was that, The Captain held her hand and guided her to the ground. 

The princess was a tall and slender beauty with long golden hair and the bluest eyes. She looked to where the girl now set on the ground. Her crude ragged dress and her arms were caked with mud. Her now empty buckets lay upturned. The girl's hair was uncombed and matted but there was something about her. She was petite and slim. Not beautiful for certain but there was something.

"Are you injured?" The princes asked her.

But the girl set quietly looking at the mess her clothes were in.

"I asked a question." The princess repeated.

The girl nodded. "I'm fine." She said and struggled to get to her feet, gathering her buckets as she went.

"Leave them." The princess said.

"I must bring water." The girl answered.

"If you cause me to repeat myself once more I will grow angry." The girl dropped her buckets. She straighten. Looked at the princess. The princess moved closer. She leaned in. "You wrecked my carriage, injured my handmaiden, put my life at risk. I could have you stoned." She looked for a clean spot on the girl's face. She reached out and put a finger under her chin and lifted her face so as to look directly into her eyes. "I can also slap that smirk from your face if I choose."

The girl realized she was in the presence of someone much more powerful than herself. She lowered her eyes to the ground. The princess used her finger to tap her chin a few times and said. "Good."

"Your house. Where is it?" The girl pointed to a cabin that set alone on the far side of the courtyard. A woman standing in the doorway, apparently her mother. "Lead the way." The princess said. 

The girl walked to her house and the princess followed with three guards in tow. Inside, the princess looked to the mother. I need drink. Some wine perhaps?" The mother nodded and went to pour a glass. When she returned and handed the drink to the princess, she princess said. "She is a mess, clean her up."

The mother took the girl's hand and led her to the center of the small room and began to undress her. She unbuttoned the back of her dress and slipped it over her shoulders letting it drop to the floor. The girl stepped out of it. The girl made it a point to stare at the far wall. "What is your name?" The princess asked.

"Betta." The girl replied.

"Well Betta. Turn and look at me." The girl slowly turned toward the princess who was setting on a wooden chair. The princess leaned back and took a drink of the wine. She licked her upper lip and said. "Continue." She instructed. 

The mother untied her under garment and pushed it down over her hips and onto the floor. Betta stood there nude except for the mud that still coated her arms and the side of her face. It was about then that Betta realized there were three guards standing against the far wall. Se raise a hand to cover her breasts and moved one to cover her private area. 

"Betta." The princess said. "Stand up straight. Do not be modest." Betta slowly lowered her arms to her sides. "Wash her." The princess ordered.

While the mother collected a pan of water a wash cloth and towels, the princess set and sipped wine and admired the girl. When mother returned, she began scrubbing the girl, cleaning her hair, her arms and rinsing her off. When she was towel dry, the princess rose and walked to the girl. She leaned in and whispered to the girl and then turned around. Betta's hands, trembling, began unbuttoning her gown.

She held it and guided it down the princess's body until she was able to step free. She stood before all who would look upon her, bold and proud, unconcerned about what anyone may think of her, she stood in just her petticoat. "Leave us." She said. The guards made their way out of the cabin leading Betta's mother with them.

Princess Anna walked to the bed that set in a far corner. She eased herself up on it and rolled onto her back. "My handmaiden was good to me, very good to me." She took hold of her petticoat and began to ease it up her legs. When her knees were exposed, she raised her knees and lay her legs wide apart. "Someone will have to take her place." Betta looked on in near terror. "I think that someone should be you." Princess Anna waited. "Come here. Pleasure me, girl."

Betta stood still, frozen in place. "Very well." Said the princess. "But if I have to call my guards, they will beat you severely and when they are finished, you will still pleasure me. And if I am angered further, when I am finished with you I will give you to them.

Betta move slowly not knowing what to do. When she reached the bed, the princess took her hand, smiled and pulled her down. She pulled the girl to her, found her mouth and kissed her softly, gently, running her tongue over Betta's lips, easing it into her mouth. "You kiss me good." The princess whispered. "But we will have plenty of time to lie about and do such things." The princess ran her fingers through Betta's hair and Betta was calming. 

The princess kissed her once more. "Let me teach you what I crave." The princess put her hands on Betta's shoulders and began to push her down. When Betta's head was low enough, the princess took her head in her hands and held her mouth just inches from her sex. "Smell me." She said.

The princess eased Betta forward until her nose rubbed against her labia. "Smell me baby, Learn about me." The princess whispered. "Let me feel your tongue." And slowly, Betta extended her tongue until it first touched her labia and the princess tugged at her and pulled her mouth onto her pussy.

The princess began to work her hips up and down and Betta started to lick her sex. "Long strokes girl." She instructed. "Long, long strokes." The princess increased her hip thrusts. "Push it in me. Your tongue, inside me. Yes." The princess worked her fingers into Betta's hair, holding her firm onto her pussy while she worked her ass up and down. 

"Oh yes girl. You are a fast learner." The princess moaned and grunted and humped the girl's mouth. She was rolling her ass in circles now and whimpering and Betta did her best to keep her mouth locked onto the princess's cunt and her tongue buried deep in her vagina. The princess drew her knees up high and clamped them around Betta's head. She pressed her hands into the sheets and grabbed hands full of fabric as she cried out in pleasure, a climax rolling over her.

She continued to hump Betta for a good long while enjoying very aftershock of an exceptional orgasm. Finally she placed her feet back on the bed and eased her legs apart. Betta expected it to be over when the princess grabbed her hair and lifted her head. With her free hand, the princess slid two fingers down to spread her labia and pressed, forcing her clitoris to protrude. It was quite pronounced and when Betta saw it, she knew what the princess wanted next. She dropped her mouth onto it, wrapped her lips around it and sucked down hard. The princess moaned and lifted her ass off of the bed. Betta used her tongue to lash at the tip of her clit and that sent the princess on a second orgasmic voyage. 

She worked her ass wildly and her fluids soaked Betta's mouth. She sucked and lapped and swallowed and sucked more and the princess rolled her head side to side. She grunted out loud as it hit her. She thrust upward pushing Betta's head back. Betta sucked and the princess whined and moaned. She pulled at her hair. She lifted her feet and pressed them hard onto Betta's back for leverage. She came as hard as she ever had.

The princess collapsed onto the bed but said. "Don't stop. Just lick me. Keep on licking me. Don't stop. Please." It was the first polite word she had spoken. 

It was nearly half an hour before she used her foot to roll Betta to the side. She called out for the captain of the guard and the door opened. "I need assistance." She said. "Help me up. Get me dressed." It was a request the captain was not unfamiliar with. When she was presentable she summoned the mother. "I will send a carriage for her tomorrow." She watched the mother's eyes go to the bed where young Betta still lay naked and exhausted. The mother only nodded.

The next day, the princess was setting in the garden, her handmaiden with arm bandaged set on the ground before her. The princess's feet were bare and the girl was rubbing lavender oil on them. The princess slowly raised her gown exposing her lower thighs. She scooted forward and spread her legs. "Oil me here." She instructed. My new maiden will arrive soon and I want to smell so very nice for her. The girl seemed to pout thinking about another taking her place, winning favor with the princess.

"Don't worry my sweet. Your arm will heal soon enough and then the two of you can compete for my favors." The princess stroked the girl's hair and widened her legs. "I must say. I look forward to that. And when you feel better, perhaps I will let you enjoy her some. After all, she was the one who caused you to be injured." The girl's oiled fingers began stroking the princess's inner thighs, working higher with each stroke. "Good, get me well flavored for her. We must keep her happy." The girl continued to bath oils on her thighs and lowered her lips to kiss her knee. The princess patted her head knowing she was truly her only loyal subject.

When a servant announced that the carriage delivering the girl had arrived, she instructed the maiden girl to escort her to her chambers and told the servant to have the new girl delivered there as well.

A knock came at the chamber door and the princess waved her hand instructing the maiden to answer it. The princess reclined on a chase, wearing only a thin silk robe. When the door was opened, the girl Betta entered dressed in a white cotton shift. It was plain but clean and quite new. It fell to mid-thigh. She was still barefoot. 

"Welcome." The princess said. "Come here." Betta approached her and when the princess motioned, she set beside her. "Tess." She spoke to her handmaiden. "Bring a chair and set here." She pointed to a place next to the lounge. Tess pulled a chair and sat down. "Closer." The princess said. Tess stood and pulled the chair up until it touched the end of the lounge. The princess took Betta's hand and said. "Come. Come up beside be and let me enjoy your lips."

Betta scooted forward and the princess turned her to lay beside her, Betta's head resting on the princess's arm. "How nice." She smiled and ran her fingers along Betta's cheek. She leaned forward but stopped half way. The princess whispered. "When I move to you, I expect you to come eagerly to please me." She waited and Betta lifted her head until their lips met. The two enjoyed a long soft slow kiss. When they parted, the princess whispered. "I don't want to have to remind you again." She looked into Betta's eyes. "Understand?"

Betta nodded. "Kiss me." The princess said and lay her head back onto the lounge. Betta lifted and turned to face the princess and lowered her mouth onto her waiting lips. When she kissed her, she felt the princess squirm. From there, Betta gradually became more aggressive and kissed the princess with real passion, pushing her tongue into the princess's mouth. They lay that way for some time and Betta was growing bolder, letting her lands roam over the princess's body, cupping her breasts, exploring along her inner thighs. 

"Lift my gown." The princess said. Betta set up and took hold of the hem of her gown and eased it upward. She worked it over the princess's hips until it was gathered around her waist. The princess resettled herself onto her back and lifted her right knee high. She pressed it out to the side and ran her hands down across her abdomen. She used her fingers to spread her labia. "Come to me." She said. She was looking directly at Tess as Betta moved lower to place herself between the princess's legs.

"Umm. Oh I," The princess was taken by surprise when Betta's mouth went right to her clitoris. When she sucked the bud into her mouth, an electric shock went through the princess. She lifted her ass up to press even harder on the girl's mouth. The princess grabbed for a hand full of hair and tugged. She was on the heels of her feet and her shoulders. Her ass bucking wildly. She came and pulled the girl's hair and soaked her face. Betta just lapped at her new lover. She was rapidly growing quite fond of her new position.

The princess was grunting and moaning. Betta shoved her tongue deep into the princess and it sent her over the top. A climax rushed through her so fast, her body stiffened and she began to vibrate, her ass still in the air. When she finally collapsed onto the lounge, Betta settled down between her legs and began licking her thoroughly, cleaning her sex and her inner thighs. The princess just lay there patting the top of Betta's head.

When she opened her eyes, she looked at Tess and smiled. "She is quite wonderful." She then said. "Set up." And Betta slowly rose to a seated position at her feet. She raised her right leg and rolled onto her stomach. As she settled down onto her tummy, she arched her back, exposing her sex from behind. She eased her legs apart and lifted slightly. "Come." She said. Betta knelt behind her and leaned down. Her hands roamed over the princess's ass cheeks. "Spread me." She ordered and Betta slipped her thumbs into the princess's ass crack and eased them apart. Her labia was now there, plump and swollen. She dipped her mouth between her legs and extended her tongue, She made a long slow stroke from her clit, along her labia folds and right over her anus. "You are so good." The princess whispered. She lifted to meet Betta's next lap. 

Tess set quite, aching that another was pleasuring her princess so well. Tears swelled up in her eyes as she watched Betta's head begin rocking forward and back as she increased the speed on her licking.

"Um, yes, um I do like this." The princess was rolling her ass in circles and her fingers were tangled into her robe. Betta eased her attention upwards until she was lapping directly on her anal ring. The princess's moans told her she was more than pleased. She began to work her tongue onto her tight brown sphincter. The princess grunted and pushed backwards as Betta pushed into her and the tight muscle surrendered and her tongue entered the princess's anus. She immediately began to wiggle the tip of her tongue and shove harder and rock into her and the princess surrendered herself to Betta's oral assault. 

The princess started a long vibrating climax. Her pussy was producing a steady flow of fluid, soaking the lounge. Betta's fingers on her right hand slid under her and pressed on her clit, sending the princess into a whimpering, crying fit. It finally became too much, even for the insatiable princess. She collapsed onto the lounge and let Betta do as she wanted. Betta was, surprisingly, in the throw of a minor climax of her own. Something as perverted as having her tongue buried in a beautiful girl's anus was driving her toward a new, unknown feeling.

At some point, Betta realized she had been rubbing her pubic mound on the edge of the lounge as she served the princess. The stimulation was becoming very arousing and it was a sensation she had not before experienced. She wondered if that was how she made the princess feel. She spread her legs wider, allowing better contact with the edge of the lounge. She grunted with her tongue still deep in the princess as she worked her pussy against the stiff edge. Her tempo increased as her tongue held the princess captive while her own orgasm built. The princess must have realized what was occurring and used her arms to push herself up, extracting the girl's tongue from her anus. As much as she hated ending the sex between them, she was not about to allow the girl a release she did not orchestrate. 

The princess rolled onto her back and, with a foot on her shoulder, she pushed Betta off of the lounge and onto the floor. The princess scooted to the end and set upright, looking down at Betta who was in quite the confused state. The princess reached for her, grasping a hand full of her hair. She pulled the girl up until Betta's sticky wet face was close to her own. "When I want you to climax, I will tell you." She stood with the girl's hair still waded in her fist. She tugged. "Show me you're sorry." She said. Betta raised up until she was close to the princess's smooth mound. The smell of sex filled her nostrils. As Betta leaned in, the princess jerked her head. "Just a nice sweet kiss." She whispered and Betta gave her the submission and control she craved. She kissed the wet used cunt a gently and lovingly as could be imagined.

The rest of the day and most of the next, Betta was ignored, left to pass the hours alone in a separate room adjacent to the princess's chambers. At eight that evening, Tess entered her room and without speaking, stood holding the door ajar. Betta stood and walked into the princess's bed chambers. 

The room was dark, lit only by candles. In the far corner was a raised stone bath nearly eight feet across. Betta saw four young nude maidens setting along the edge of the tub, steam rose up from the water. A hand at her back urged her forward. When she reached the bathing area, one of the girls stood and came to her. Without a word, she lifted Betta's gown and pulled it over her head leaving her nude once more. "Join me." The princess was in the tub, leaning against the far side. Her arms were draped along the ledge to either side. She was smiling. The two girls closest to her helped her step into the bath and eased her down so that she was setting across from the princess. The two girls then stepped into the tum and knelt to either side of her.

At the same time, the two remaining girls entered the tub beside the princess and also knelt down. The princess looked at Betta and said. "Enjoy your bath." With that, both Betta and the princess lay back while four hands filled with soapy sponges advanced on each of them. Not a single spot was missed. The two were gently scrubbed from head to toe. When the bathing was finally over, the princess made her way to Betta's side. "They are wonderful, are they not?" She whispered. The princess leaned in and kissed Betta in the cheek. "This is Lena." The princess said and she took one of the girls by the arm and pulled her forward. She steered her until she had her setting on the tub wall with her feet in the water. The princess looked at Betta as she pushed the girl's legs apart. "I think you should thank her for giving such a nice bath." 
