 The weather report said it was going to be a really warm day and I was so glad to be free of work! All work and no play was not an option for this professor.

It was early Friday afternoon and I was driving with the top down on my Chrysler, shorts on, sneakers, and a comfy t-shirt with weekend supplies in the trunk headed to pick up the sexiest co-ed on campus. As I pulled into the driveway of her apartment complex I found my heart started to race

Julie came skipping out of her place with her blonde locks swept up in a ponytail with a few soft wisps hanging down. She was wearing very short cut-offs, faded and frayed but very sexy on her. Her top of course was a skimpy tank, tight and showing off her beautiful breasts.

She threw her backpack in the back seat and vaulted over the car door into the seat without ever touching the door handle. She turned and grinned, “I always wanted to do that!” Her blue eyes were shining and I could feel the lust building between my legs as I let my eyes sweep from her delicious thighs up to tits begging for my mouth.

“Professor you are a naughty girl! She exclaimed as my eyes raked over her body. I tossed my head back and laughed, threw the car in reverse and pulled out of the complex.

We found ourselves on the highway and made small talk. I was finding it hard to concentrate on the road while concentrating on those thighs. About an hour into the drive I decided to pull over at a rest stop to tinkle. Julie stayed in the car as I found the ladies room and went to pee.

After using the toilet I washed my hands and was reaching for a paper towel when two hands covered my breasts and lips were sweeping against the back of my neck. As I whirled around, Julie took both of my hands, paper towel still clenched in my fist and she held them by the wrist and pulled them up above my head. 

She slowly backed me against the wall and with her free hand she was pulling up my shirt. My heart started to race and my breath was coming quick. As she pulled up my shirt she also managed to free one of my tits from the confines of the bra. Her mouth descended on my nipple. Her mouth on me was incredible. As I stared to moan she released her grip on my hands and her hands roamed my body and finally ended up squeezing my crotch. She started to caress my pussy through my shorts. I was in heaven! My pussy was on fire and I was enjoying the little nibbles her mouth was giving my nipple. Her hand left my pussy and was working on releasing my waistband. She finally got the button undone and could feel the zipper being lowered. I closed my eyes, taking in the feeling her mouth was making and anticipating what was to follow. Her hand was finding its way into my panties and when her fingertips brushed my clit I almost came.

Just then the bathroom door opened and I quickly pulled away while pulling my shirt down. Julie turned to the sink and was washing her hands. The woman with her little girl who strolled in had no clue what we had been up to. I quickly did my shorts up and Julie was drying her hands when our eyes met. She winked, licked her lips and turned and walked out the door.

I followed a minute or two later having to regain my senses. As I got into the car Julie leaned over and gave me a deep kiss. When she broke away I quickly started the engine. “We’d better get a move on!” I said.

She laughed and said, “You’d better!” “That was just a nibble of the feast I plan to have”. The hour drive flew by. Before we knew it I was pulling up the little hill that curved upward to my cabin.

It was early evening and I was anxious to get unloaded before dark. “Lets get the stuff and then we can think about dinner.” I said. Julie giggled and said, “I know what I want to eat.” I swatted her behind as she strolled by with her arms full of the groceries I had bought earlier that day and told her, “I hope you brought a healthy appetite.” 

We had unloaded the car and I was in the kitchen putting away groceries while Julie explored the cabin. She made comments on how cute the place was and how nice it must be to have a place to get away to. I was agreeing and told her to put some tunes on the stereo.

As I put away the supplies Julie was busy looking through the CD collection. “You sure have a lot of jazz music” she commented. “I really haven’t listened to that kind of music.” I laughed, “Go ahead and put some on and give it a chance.” 

Soon the cabin was filled with soulful jazz and over the counter separating the kitchen from the living room I could see Julie was intent on listening to the music. She stood there with her head kind of tilted to the side with her hands on her slender hips. Her shorts were hugging her ass so tight and I could feel that familiar heat building up between my legs again.

She started to sway to the music. “This music is very sensual” she commented. As she started to feel the rhythm I watched while her hips started to swivel. She was doing a sexy grinding dance and I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. She must have felt my stare because as she ground her hips she turned and our eyes met.

She started to pull her shirt up slowly, strip tease style. Very slowly her shirt came up and she revealed her breasts to me. As she pulled her top over her head I made my way from the kitchen to the sofa to be able to take in this show up close.

As I sank down in my seat her hands were caressing her breasts, her neck, her stomach all the while swiveling and grinding to the music. Her hands slid down to her button on her shorts and as she undid them she slowly turned her back to me. As she slid her shorts down her thighs she bent over giving me a great view of her crotch. My panties by this time were soaked and I was so turned on by her strip dance. As she turned around to face me she kicked her shorts off her foot and continued to gyrate slowly to the beat.

I beckoned her with my finger and she slowly made her way over to me. Her heart shaped pink pubes came closer and closer and she straddled my lap. Her tits were right in my face and my hands instantly went to them. I caressed those tits and ran my thumbs over her nipples. Her nips responded, immediately hardening. As my hands roamed all over her breasts my mouth found its way to her nipple. Her head went back and she arched her back pushing her tit further into my mouth.

I knew she was enjoying the moment and I nibbled each nipple in turn and sucked them until they were standing straight out like erasers. Her moans drove my lust and I eased her over and soon she was laying on her back with me on top of her sexy naked body.

I proceeded to lick and nibble my way down her rib cage. When I reached her flat belly I ran my tongue slowly down the center. Her back arched in anticipation of where my tongue was headed and I was being driven by her response. The lower my tongue traced, the higher her hips seem to lift off the cushion.

“Ohhh, please keep going” she breathed. My tongue continued down to the pink dyed patch and I had to pause for a minute. Her pubes were shaved into a heart shape and her hair was a soft pink. The point on the heart pointed down to her clit and I leaned down and traced the outline of the heart with my tongue. As I reached the point my tongue slipped down and raked her clit. She responded by opening her thighs wide. I continue to tongue her clit slowly and her moans told me she was enjoying my tongue.

My hands started to explore her hole. She was so wet that my finger slid in easily. Her moans were getting louder and her breathing was fast. I slid another finger into her pussy and kept the pressure of my tongue on her clit. Soon her moans told me she was close. I started to suck her clit gently first then with more force. Her pussy gripped my sliding fingers, her hands grabbed my head and her hips lifted up. She was cumming. Her orgasmic moans were loud as I sucked her clit. Her hands pressed my face deeper into her bush and her pussy was squeezing my probing fingers while she came.

With her orgasm ending, I released her clit and dragged my tongue down to her dripping hole. The treasure of her orgasm found my tongue. Her juices were flowing freely and I was determined to lap up every drop. I tongued her until she started to squirm, her after orgasm tickle sensation had kicked in.

My lips started a reverse course up her body. Kissing and licking back up to where I had started. I gave each nipple a little kiss and when our eyes met I lowered my lips to hers. Her juices were still damp on my lips and chin and she licked my lips and cleaned my chin with her tongue. My pussy was on fire watching her enjoying the taste of her own juices on my mouth.

As we kissed intensely, tongues swirling together her hands began to tug on my top. Lifting my weight off of her we sat up and pulled my shirt over my head. We continued to kiss intensely and soon her fingers were unsnapping my bra. With my tits released she lowered her head to my already hard nips. Her hands kneaded my globes while her tongue and teeth worked magic on my nipples. I was starting to moan and her bare knee pressed against my crotch. My legs opened wide and I drove my hips into her leg, grinding my swollen clit against her leg. Her hands released my breasts and her fingers were soon lowering the zipper on my shorts. As I raised my hips, she pulled my shorts down over my ass and down to my ankles. My legs opened wide and she slid down onto the floor kneeling between my spread knees.

I closed my eyes and leaned back when I felt her hands run from my knees up my thighs to my waiting pussy. She explored my pussy with her hands, pulling on my lips, pressing her finger against my hole, but not quite penetrating. Her thumb kept brushing my clit and I felt like I was going insane. My breathing was ragged and my hips started to grind at every touch. It was torture; she would not apply constant pressure in the places I wanted.

I started to beg, “Don’t tease, make me cum!” When her tongue entered my hole, my pleas turned to moans. She was fucking my pussy with her tongue. I was dripping with juice and she lapped up my lust and continued to tongue fuck me. My hips started to meet each tongue thrust and I reached down to tangle her hair around my hands. Her tongue slid upward to my swollen clit. My back arched with the sensation her tongue was making.

She lashed my clit with her tongue and I was being brought to the brink. I could feel the intense orgasm building and she sensed it as well. She responded by thrusting her fingers deep into my hole while continuing to punish my clit with her tongue.

The force in which she rammed her fingers drove me over the edge. As I began to cum my moan turned into a scream and my hands pulled her hair. She held on, tongue working my clit, fingers thrusting, fucking me hard and deep. I came with such intensity; my juices came shooting out around her fingers. “A squirter!” she exclaimed with glee and continued her finger fucking tongue lashing assault on my pussy. The powerful orgasm left me limp, gasping for breath. My heart was pounding so hard it was all I could hear.

When her hand brushed my twat my body jumped uncontrollably. She giggled, “Wow, you came so hard and I had no idea you were a squirter.” “Now I know, I will be ready and none of your precious cum will get wasted.” I sighed a deep sigh and she stood up grabbed my hands and pulled me to my feet. “Come on, you need a nap sexy.” I tried to protest but my energy was sapped.

She led me to the bedroom and turned down the sheets. As she guided me to the edge of the bed she kissed me deeply. Our lips broke as she sat me down. Her hands pushed my shoulders into the pillows and I sank back. The covers were being pulled up to my chin as the room seemed to get dark. My eyes had closed and I felt her lips brush my forehead. As I drifted off I knew this weekend was going to be great!