 This is the sixth installment of my story about a family with an interesting dynamic. In this chapter, we follow the father and daughter as she explores her sexuality to the fullest, and the two are confronted with the dangers of the outside world as they intrude into their lives.

*****

The Professor's Women

Chapter Six: Just Us Girls

As she drove home, Traci's mind was going a-mile-a-minute and when she parked Liz in the garage, she was comparing Vanessa's oral skills to her father's. When she walked through the dining room, she saw her father in the living room sitting in his favorite chair, smoking his pipe. She walked over and kissed him and sat on the floor at his feet.

"Something on your mind Baby?" he asked. 

"Yes Daddy", she said and told him about what had happened during her trip to the Mall. She reminded him about the lingerie she had worn on their 'trip' and who she had purchased them from. She told him about the invitation to the party, the type of people who would be there, and how it might affect her future. Then she told him about the cunnilingus she had received from Mrs. Dubois, and how it seemed to be exactly like what he had done to her.

Jackson put down his pipe, blew a smoke ring, and said, "I believe I know the woman you are talking about. Her late husband Gerhardt Dubois, was on the University's Board of Regents. Is she perhaps a tall, slender, elegant looking woman in her early forties?"

Traci nodded.

"Yes, I am certain I am familiar with her." Jackson continued "Your mother and I used to see them quite often at University social events. She always 'liked' your mother, so to speak."

"You see, Baby, I have a bit of a family history with Gerhardt." He said, and went on "He was a Holocaust survivor who was taken in during the war by a married couple named Dubois living in Reims. They were childless, and found him as a baby after his parents were killed. They knew he was a German Jew because he was wrapped in a Tallit with the name Gerhardt embroidered on it. They told the authorities and that he was their child when they were asked, and he was saved because they could prove that they were not Jewish. The German invaders registered the child as Gerhardt Dubois."

Jackson continued "After the war was over his parents told him of his heritage. After they died, a short time later of typhus, young Gerhardt found himself on a ship headed to New York bunking with a plucky Italian named Vincenzo Marconi, our Cousin Vinnie's grandfather. After they landed at Ellis Island, Vinnie convinced the immigration people that he was a cobbler and young Gerhardt was his apprentice." 

He continued, "Vinnie had (forged) papers that said there was a job waiting for them in Providence, RI, so immigration let them pass. When they got to Rhode Island, there was no job, but Vincenzo was resourceful and Gerhardt was talented. They managed to scrounge work and soon had a successful business selling fruits and vegetables on the street corners. In no time they had enough money to rent a storefront which eventually grew into the wholesale grocery distributorship that is currently run by my Cousin Vinnie's father Geno Marconi. Vinnie Sr. began to see that Gerhardt was not happy working in the Grocery business, but he saw young Gerhardt was a whiz with numbers, so he enrolled the teenager in school. By his early twenties he was a CPA, doing the books for Vinnie and all of his friends. He expanded his accounting business to Boston, invested wisely, marrying a young Catholic girl and building a mansion in the richest section of Providence. Unfortunately they had no children and in his late fifties, he decided to sell his interests in Boston, Providence, and Hartford, and move west to Illinois."

Traci listened intently to this amazing story as her father continued "This much of the story Gerhardt told me himself, over the many times we talked. You see, Vinnie was 'family' we were connected, but I always wondered how much he had to do with the Fellowship that brought me here. About the time I started my fellowship, the first Mrs. Dubois became ill and passed away. I used to spend a lot of time with Gerhardt until he started showing up at events with a young 'Debutante' named Vanessa. At first I thought she was a 'Gold-digger', but she had come from 'money' so I never said anything to the old man. This was about the same time that I met your mother, so you can guess where the rest of the story goes. Anyway, He married Vanessa about the same time you were born, and he died a few years after your mom did and was buried next to the first Mrs. Dubois in the family crypt in Evergreen Cemetery."

"Wow Dad, that's quite a story. So did the old man just give her everything in his will?" Traci said. 

"Not quite" her dad said. "You see, because he never completely trusted Vanessa, and because he had been an accountant most of his life, he had an army of lawyers at his disposal. He made sure she had no access to his estate, while making sure she was well taken care of. Since she had no idea of his true holdings, Vanessa never knew how much Gerhardt was really worth. He told me when his first wife died, he had everything put into a blind trust with the University regents controlling how the funds were invested and dispersed. I can only guess how large the fund is, but I have heard rumors that it paid for two thirds on the Bone Center. He made sure Vanessa was well taken care of and bought her that little business. She gets to live in the mansion as long as she stays single, but has no ownership stake in the house or grounds. She has a generous household budget and is allowed her little 'perversions' as long as she does not call too much 'attention' to herself. Her little 'parties' are well known, and she uses her society contacts to keep everything on the 'down low' so to speak."

Jackson continued. "He also told me there is a clause in the will that will cut Vanessa off without a cent if she does anything that does anything 'illegal', 'nefarious', or 'brings shame' to the family name, because the trust agreement has an iron clad 'morals' clause. I have no problem with you attending one of her 'soirees' Traci. I know you will be 'safe' there, because I know a few of the frequent attendees quite well. All I ask is that you remember if someone comes up to you and whispers 'Pink Bunnies', you will understand that, whomever they are, they are there to 'look out' for, and protect you from any harm." Jackson concluded. 

"Daddy, I thought that was 'our' word?" She said surprised. 

"My baby girl," Jackson said "You are an adult woman now and I cannot be with you everywhere you go. However, I am still your father and feel responsible for your welfare, so I will take whatever steps I can to protect you from anyone who tries to harm you without keeping you from having your fun. Please don't be angry with me for loving you so much. I don't want to lose you like we lost mommy."

"I know how much you love me Daddy, I'm not mad at you, just surprised." Traci said, and continued, "I'm done with my period and horny as hell, so let's fuck!" 

With that, he stood up, picked up his daughter and carried her up the stairs to the bedroom/office where they raced to see who could get undressed first. It was a tie, and after she fell backwards onto the bed, he said "did you say she was as good at eating pussy as I am?" 

"No daddy, I said she felt just like you and used the same techniques." She said. 

"Well it looks like I will have to change things up a little." He said and proceeded with a 'full frontal attack' on her vulva.

After he had given her three massive orgasms with his tongue and fingers, causing her to squirt all over him, he climbed on her and drove his 'monster' into her, triggering two more until he unloaded into her while she experienced her sixth in less than an hour. "Wow Daddy, where did that come from?" she asked thirty minutes later when she could finally talk.

"You know your Daddy doesn't like to be outdone, I'm very competitive when it comes to sex." He said.

"Oh by the way Daddy, Vanessa said that although she prefers women, she would love to take your 'Monster' for a 'ride'. She described your cock as 'Legendary'." Traci said. 

"I don't think that 'Skanky Whore's' pussy is even slightly appealing to me. Gerhardt once told me he could put his fist and arm in her nearly up to his elbow!" Jackson said.

They both started laughing and he slipped out, making her realize she had to pee. She ran to the bathroom with him close behind her because he felt 'the urge' as well. As they 'shared' the toilet, as had been their custom, they smiled at each other, both thinking about the love and closeness they shared. When he finished, she took him in her mouth, and when she finished, she stood as he licked her clean. They both looked at each other and said in unison "We sure save a lot of toilet paper that way." and laughed at the remark.

As they walked out of the bathroom, Traci said, "Daddy, I'm hungry." 

"Steak N Shake?" Jackson asked. Neither answered, they just ran to get dressed and piled into Liz and headed to their favorite restaurant for dinner.

This time there was no Cruise-in or crazy car chase, just a loving couple enjoying their favorite meal. The manager and the waitresses were all familiar with them, having waited on Jackson and his family since before Traci was born. The couple sat in their favorite booth, nearest the door. The waitress didn't even have to ask what the couple wanted, bringing them two each of chocolate milkshakes, steakburgers with pickle onion and ketchup, and fries.

After a casual meal and conversation, father and daughter headed home, undressing and climbing into bed together. They made sweet, gentle love and fell asleep, her lying atop him still connected, with his 'monster' clutched by her vagina. His 'morning wood' woke her up, and her 'riding' woke him up, a short time later. They both looked forward to these 'eye opener' morning sessions, but sometimes these romps made them late for school. Such was not the case this morning, because it was Sunday.

The rest of the week went by as normal, if you consider a College Professor and his eighteen year old honor student daughter living together and fucking each other silly every night. Friday afternoon, Traci found a medium sized package with her name on it with that day's mail. When she opened it she found what appeared to be a very small pink bikini, a pair of 4" pink heels, and a nearly sheer pale pink cover-up. Also, a note was included signed 'Vanessa Dubois'. It said 'Just some pretty little things for my favorite Pretty Pretty! Please wear these Saturday when you come'.

She went upstairs to her 'old' bedroom (She still kept her clothes there and always got ready for special 'dates' there) and undressed to try these new things on. As she tried on the tiny thong bottom, which barely covered her slit, she noticed how it hugged her vulva almost caressing it. When she tried on the top, she noticed that it was so small, it just covered her areolas and also 'caressed' them causing her nipples to become as hard as pebbles. 'This is a very strange sensation' she thought. She had never heard of fabrics that had an aphrodisiac effect. She had just put the sheer cape on when she heard the front door close, and her father's heavy footfalls on the steps.

She slipped into the shoes, walked out of her room and down the hallway, meeting her daddy with a hug and a kiss just as he reached the top of the stairs. "My goodness Baby, you certainly have made my day!" her father said, "Did you get dressed up special for your 'dear old dad'?" 

"Oh Daddy, you're not old," Traci said "These came in the mail today, from Vanessa. She asked me to wear them to her 'party' tomorrow."

"Well, I must say that if you wear that, everyone will definitely looking at you." He said. 

"I know it is skimpy Daddy, but something about it feels strange. When I put them on, it made me feel horny." She said. 

"Hmmm," he said and calmly added "I think I have heard about something like this. Take them off now please, Tracy." 

She did, and while she stood there nude, her father unzipped his trousers and pulled out his flaccid cock. He wrapped the bikini top and bottom around his cock and almost immediately became fully erect. "Aha," he said "just as I thought. That whore is trying to drug you. I overheard a couple of students talking about a new 'date-rape' drug that you can buy through the mail. The main ingredient is Dimethyl Sulfoxide and they add any aphrodisiac, or in some cases benzodiazepine. It comes in a spray bottle and all you have to do is spray it and a girl's underwear and let it dry. When the girl puts them on, the DMSO in the chemical carries the drugs into the girl's bloodstream, and bang, you get in her 'pants'. Go take a hot shower and then soak in a hot tub Traci. We need to get this 'shit' out of your body NOW!"

While his daughter was in the bath, Jackson went to the back porch laundry. As the washing machine filled, he added liquid laundry soap. He swabbed the offending garments with a Q-tip, added the clothes to the machine, started it, and let it agitate long enough to mix the suds. He then turned it off to soak overnight. He went back upstairs and found his daughter soaking in a hot steaming tub of soapy water. Her eyes were red like she had been crying, and as he knelt down next to the tub she grabbed him and started sobbing "Oh Daddy, I'm so stupid, I'm so sorry, I should have been smarter. I let that bitch take advantage of me." 

"No Baby," he said "actually, your excitement probably saved your life and definitely your pride. You have done nothing wrong Traci, but Vanessa will definitely pay for her treachery. I have caught this in time and you are safe now."

"Oh Daddy, I love you so much. You are my hero. You are the most important person in the world to me." She said and started kissing him and crying uncontrollably. Finally, she said "Daddy, what is wrong with me? Is it the drugs?" 

"It could be, but the hot water is speeding up your metabolism to get the drugs out of your system faster. Don't worry Traci, by the time we get done fucking each other silly between now and tomorrow morning, we should have everything out of your system. Also you will be sleeping tomorrow until late afternoon so that your body clock will allow you to stay up all night. That will give you a huge advantage over all the Cougars and Bimbos at the party." Jackson told her.

"Daddy, how do you know all of this stuff?" Traci asked. 

"Sweet daughter of mine, you seem to forget that I am a professor at the College of Psychology and Psychiatry at the University. I eat, sleep, and breathe this shit. I have been teaching how to figure people out and manipulate others for more than twenty years." her father said. 

"Oh Daddy, I am so glad I have you in my life. You are the smartest, sweetest, best man I know! Take me to bed and fuck all this shit out of me." She said as she stood up and wrapped her dripping body around her daddy. He stood up wrapped a towel around her, picked her up in his arms, and carried her to their bed where he placed her down on top of the comforter. 

He grabbed several more towels and started drying his little girl, then tucked her under the covers, joining her as soon as he undressed himself. He held her in his arms until she stopped shaking and then started covering her with kisses from head to toe and then back up to the insides of her thighs. From there he worked his way up to her vulva where he licked, nibbled and sucked on her outer and inner lips while sliding three fingers inside of her. When she started to orgasm, He climbed on top of her and drove his 'Monster' into her until he hit bottom. He pulled back out until he was half way in and drove back all the way. He continued this for ten minutes keeping her in continuous orgasmic bliss until he stopped and she passed out.

He could tell from her reactions that the drugs were still in her system so he let her rest. 'What the fuck did that bitch give her?' he wondered. He remembered the Q-tip, got out of bed and covered her up, and went downstairs. He retrieved the swab, wrapped it in plastic wrap in the kitchen and went back upstairs.

He sat down at his desk. He put the plastic covered swab in the drawer of the desk and grabbed a book that contained the list of psychotropic drugs and started looking up her symptoms. After two hours of research, the closest thing he found was a hallucinogenic made from the secretions of an Amazonian tree frog. He kept looking and found that chemists at UCLA had been able to synthesize a similar compound by mixing tiny samples of jellyfish toxins with methamphetamines. 

'This bitch is really pissing me off' he thought. As he read further he found that the body metabolizes these compounds into perspiration and urine in less than twelve hours. He now knew he had to get Traci to sweat more and drink a lot of water.

He went to the kitchen and grabbed the big pitcher of water from the refrigerator and a large tumbler. When he walked into the bedroom, Traci was just waking up, so he sat down next to her and said "Traci, I think I figured out what she gave you, and you need to drink a lot of water to flush it out of your system." And handed her the tumbler filled with ice cold water. She drank three glasses full and said "Daddy, I have to pee!" He led her into the bathroom and sat her on the stool. He went back into the bedroom to get the pitcher and glass and kept feeding her water until the pitcher was empty. Just when she thought she was done. She started to pee again, so he told her to sit there until he came back. 

He went back to the kitchen, refilled the pitcher, put it back in the refrigerator, and went back upstairs. For the rest of the night they did the same thing over and over, fuck, drink, pee, fuck, drink, pee, fuck, drink, and pee. By 7AM, she was exhausted, well fucked, and sufficiently hydrated. He realized that she was, at this point, not showing any signs of the drugs, so he carried the sleeping girl to her old bedroom and tucked her in to let her sleep. The room was on the North side of the house and much darker. He expected her to sleep until mid-afternoon, which was good because he had things to do.

He called his old roommate Jacob Maxwell who had a similar position at the College of Chemistry as he had at Psychology, and asked him if he had any students who experimented with things that might not be completely 'ethical'. When Jake asked him why, Jackson said "You really don't want to know the details", but that someone had played a really bad prank on his Baby, and they disserved a comeuppance. Jake loved Traci and told Jackson about two 'rising stars' in the Organic Chemistry Department named Booth and Hedges who sometimes 'played by their own rules', and offered to introduce Jackson to them.

Jackson met with the two in an old abandoned service station and garage they were using as a clandestine laboratory on the far west side of Bloomington. They both knew Traci and were really pissed when Jackson told them want had been done to her. He described the symptoms and what he suspected was causing them. 

He told them how he thought the dose was administered and how he treated her (leaving out the sex part, he said he used vigorous exercise). They agreed with his diagnosis and the fact that the treatment regimen worked made sense to them. They said, however, that there were many more psychotropic compounds that are much easier to make. He gave them the plastic covered swab and asked if they would have it tested. 

He then asked them if they could make up something to 'pay back the bitch' for messing with his little girl. He said he would pay them well and no one would ever find out about it. They looked at each other and Booth said "This one's on us Doc, ain't nobody gets away with messin' with your Little Traci. Everyone at the University loves her." 
