 When Melissa reached home, she ran in through the door in great excitement. "Sabine! Sabine! I've just been to the Trio Gallery and they want me to put on another exhibition of my paintings."

Sabine jumped up and threw both arms around her friend's neck. "Oh, darling, that's absolutely great. I'm so pleased for you."

"And that's not all; they're giving me all three rooms. What an opportunity!"

The Trio Gallery was right in the centre of town. It was a circular building divided into four rooms. The entrance room was one segment and acted as the foyer with a receptionist and a large selection of artist's materials and prints on sale. Two pillars, five feet high, framed a taller door set behind them which led into the three gallery rooms.

Sabine seemed to catch Melissa's excitement and busied herself making coffees. "Sit down. I'll make us a drink and you can tell me all about it."

"I've only had one room before, with two other artists' work in the other rooms," Melissa said. "But they told me they want a change from the usual landscapes and still life paintings. They want this to be a figurative life exhibition."

Sabine frowned. "What's that exactly?" she asked.

"It's paintings with human figures as the main elements."

"That's great darling. You specialise in life drawing. I'm sure you'll be a great success."

"I've been thinking about it all the way home," Melissa said. "Three galleries mean three sections which will mean three themes." 

Sabine handed her a coffee as she sat down on the other side of the table. "What will they be?"

Melissa stirred her coffee absentmindedly as her large shining eyes gazed in front of her. "I've decided to call it ‘The Prisoner'."

Sabine looked non-plussed. "You mean you are going to paint people in prison?"

"No! Of course not. I want to be a bit more imaginative than that! The first section will be about prisoners in the ancient world - the Grecian wars and so on. They'll be wearing rough cloaks and wearing drama masks. I want the paintings to be erotic too, so some will be half naked in chains." She dramatically drew a hand across in front of her as she imagined the paintings hanging on the wall.

"Ooooh! That sounds exciting," said Sabine. "What will you do in the second gallery?"

"Mmmmmm. There, I'll increase the eroticism. The prisoner will wear just undies, rags or perhaps a bikini - some topless."

Sabine rested her elbows on the table with her chin in her hands as she gazed admiringly at her house mate pouring out her ideas.

"Then in the third gallery all the prisoners will be nude, tied and chained and so on; some in a dungeon scene."

Sabine gave an approving sigh of approval as she smiled at her great friend. "Oh, Melissa, this sounds so exciting."

Her smile slowly faded as Melissa suddenly fixed her with a deliberate stare. Sabine had seen that stare many times before. It generally meant that Melissa was about to ask her to do something she didn't want to do.

"There's just one thing Sabine."

"There. . . there is?"

"Yes, I'll need a model to help me. I want a real live model and also lots of photographs to work from."

"You. . . you will?"

Melissa stretched out her hand and placed it in top of Sabine's on the table. "I want you to be my model."

"M..m. . .me? What? In undies? Chained naked in a dungeon?"

Undeterred by the hesitant words, Melissa took both her hands and looked straight into her eyes. "You'll be great. I know it." She knew she could get Sabine to do almost anything she wanted.

"But the paintings will be on show. Me . . . in the nude. . . on sale. Someone I know might buy a painting of me . . ."

Melissa slowly released Sabine's hands and looked sadly down at the table, her long blonde hair partly covering her face. "So, you won't help me?" she said feigning great disappointment.

She knew this would make Sabine feel awful, and she knew she hated to let Melissa down. "Oh, alright then. I'll do it," she said.

Melissa stood up and embraced her friend across the table. Then she took her head in her hands and gave her a passionate kiss on the lips. "Thank you darling. I knew I could count on you," she said.

* * * * * *

For the next week Melissa was a bundle of frenetic activity. She spent hours on the web poring over articles on Grecian wars and culture, and looking at pictures of Greek vases and other artefacts. Her file of sketches and notes grew bigger by the day.

One morning she returned from her life class in a high state of excitement. She threw her arms around Sabine, lifted her off her feet and swung her around in circles.

"Sabine, I was telling one of the guys at my life class about the exhibition at the Trio. He's a photographer, and when I told him about my theme he said he had a back projection unit in his studio with several dungeon scenes. He said I could use his studio for some of my photographs. Isn't that great?" Her large round eyes shone with excitement.

Sabine only showed a slight reflection of Melissa's utter delight. She was well aware that the person in the dungeon was going to be her and she was not really relishing that situation. 

"Oh . . .er . .yes. That's very good Melissa. Yes . . . er . . . when are you hoping to start on all this?"

Melissa just gazed at her entranced by this new turn of events. But she wanted her to be happy too. "We can go into town this afternoon. You can help me to sort out some material for the Greek cloak and then we'll go to the costume shop to buy a drama mask. After that I'll be ready to start."

Melissa could sympathise with Sabine's doubt about her part in all this so she became serious. She took her in her arms, kissed her and held her in a close embrace as she whispered in her ear, "And you, my gorgeous model, will be the centre of my attention." She nuzzled behind her ear; she she knew Sabine loved that.

She held her by the shoulders and looked straight into her eyes. "And now, darling, I'm going to make us your very favourite Chinese, and then it's into town."

Sabine liked this loving attention and became slightly more enthusiastic. "Into town it is."

* * * * * *

They toured the art and costume shops at a rapid rate. Melissa used Sabine as her measure when deciding how much cloth to buy, how long the cord should be and so on. It was as they were passing a lingerie shop that Melissa's eye was caught by a tiny pink bikini displayed in the window. She stopped in her tracks.

"Oh look at that bikini Sabine; pink satin, with a halter neck and side ties. Just the thing for my second theme. Let's try it on you." And before she could catch her breath, she'd grabbed her hand and was leading her into the shop. There were several of the bikinis hanging up and, after making sure she had the right size, she towed Sabine into the changing cubicle.

Sabine was used to Melissa stripping her, so getting her clothes off and the bikini on was accomplished very quickly. Melissa then held her at arm's length and looked her up and down. "Turn around, darling," she said. Sabine did a twirl.

"Isn't it a rather tiny bikini?" ventured Sabine. "It doesn't hide much does it?"

Melissa laughed. "Darling, a bikini is not meant to hide much. You know what they say about it: ‘what it reveals is interesting but what it conceals is vital.'" They both laughed at this which seemed to cheer Sabine up a bit.

Melissa slipped her hands inside the top of the bikini and tweaked Sabine's nipples. She always loved this so didn't object in the slightest as her nipples became erect and stuck out into the shiny tight satin. Melissa was delighted with the result. "Oh, yes. I like the way your nipples show. They are sticking out like organ stops. With some side lighting you'll look really sexy in that." She dashed out to buy the bikini as Sabine got dressed.

A few items of make-up and a bottle of oil completed her purchases, so, after a coffee and an excited chat about Melissa's plans they returned home.

* * * * * *

That evening she phoned Matt, her photographer friend, to explain what she hoped to do to prepare for the exhibition, then she asked when she could use his studio. He said that any time after 11.00a.m. the next day would be fine. He had a friend of his calling at 10.00., someone who got married two weeks ago when Matt had been the photographer. He was going to call round with his new wife and best man to sort out what photographs they wanted in the wedding album.

This suited Melissa fine. "Thanks Matt. I'll see you about 11.00 tomorrow then." She clapped her hands together in great satisfaction as she turned around to Sabine.

"That's great, darling! We can start tomorrow morning. And now, we've got the rest of the evening to sort out your costumes."

They busied themselves with cutting a roughly shaped cloak for Sabine out of the dull red serge and devising a quick way to fix it at the back. Melissa finally decided to use velcro strips as they would be so quick and easy to do up and undo and it would be easy to leave gaps for parts of Sabine to show through.

Everything worked perfectly, and the mask was kept in place by resting on top of Sabine's head. Melissa decided that Sabine could wear the bikini under the cloak instead of underwear and, as they would be travelling door to door by car, not many people would see her anyway. 

Melissa decided to work out some suitable poses, so dressed Sabine in the complete costume and made her pose on the coffee table. She was very cooperative and did exactly as she was asked.

"I won't be able to bend my head too much," she said, "or this mask might fall off."

"Yes," Melissa replied, "I'll have to remember that."

Next came some poses in the bikini. Melissa really loved the way Sabine's gorgeous nipples protruded through the pink satin so decided to try some topless poses. She was most enthusiastic about the results. "I think you look rather ravishing in that darling. The pink goes well with your blonde hair."

As Melissa looked at her friend and lover Sabine, clad only in the tinest bikini bottom, and looking so very sexy and vulnerable, she got that damp feeling she often got between her legs when she woke up in the morning and looked at her asleep beside her in bed. She casually strolled over to the table where Sabine was standing, looked up meaningfully into her eyes, and pulled her to the edge of the table. Then she took hold of both side ties on the bottom of the bikini and pulled. Instantly it came away. She casually dropped it on the table and put her arms around Sabine's hips looking up into her eyes. "And, now we'll have some nude poses," she said in her sexiest voice as she let her hands slide over Sabine's butt and a few fingers probe between the backs of her legs.

"Mmmmmm. I love you doing that," Sabine purred giving a little wiggle of satisfaction. "It's a good thing I'm used to you seeing me naked, or I might be embarrassed at the studio tomorrow."

They both laughed. "No danger of that," Melissa giggled, continuing to look up at her through half closed eyes. "D'you know darling, looking at you standing there naked, I rather fancy you. Don't put your clothes on. Let's have an early night."

Sabine loved the idea. She knew it meant them making love and then sleeping together.

Melissa pulled Sabine further forward on the table so that her nipples were right in front of her mouth. She took each in turn and gave it a voracious suck; then she pinched them both with her fingers. Sabine arched her back and closed her eyes at this treatment that Melissa knew she loved. Another pull and she had to jump off the table. Melissa kissed the side of her neck and whispered in her ear. "Now get into bed while I put something on." 

Sabine drew back and looked her in the eyes. "Put something on! You're going to put something on to come to bed?"

"Yes, my strapon."

Sabine gave a relieved laugh. "Oooooh! That sounds interesting." She smiled her kitten smile, and flicked her tongue from side to side over her pouting lips. 

Melissa's mouth chased her tongue and they joined in a kiss. Then she spun Sabine around by the shoulders and smacked her bare butt. "Now, slut, get on that bed. When I come in I want you on your knees with your ass in the air and your legs spread wide. Prepare to be ravished. By the time I've finished with you you'll be begging for mercy."

She was as good as her word. She made Sabine suck the strapon and then her eager hips swung into action penetrating her vagina between the backs of her open legs and slapping against her butt again and again as the strapon massaged her own clitoris. Time and again she let her hands slide under Sabine's ribs and twist her nipples into hard points drawing gasps of pain and delight from her. Sabine's need for pain and love pushed her easily to a climax.

Melissa's naked and aroused body craved for orgasmic relief. She tore off the strapon and Sabine was immediately beneath her legs, her flashing tongue licking her wet pussy and thrusting inside her. Melissa's head shot back in sexual delirium as her lover sucked on her clitoris. She thrust her hips forward over Sabine who could hardly breathe until, with a final arching forward of her body she came over Sabine's awaiting mouth.

As they lay entwined naked together, in bed, they felt as though their devoted mutual love melded them together into one. They knew their deep love resulted from their special relationship which others might not understand, or might deliberately misunderstand. They really appreciated each other. They didn't speak a word as wave after wave of sexual joy swept over them. There was no need. And in any case you can't speak with your mouth full can you?

* * * * * *

The two girls arrived promptly outside Matt's studio the following morning and unloaded Melissa's camera and tripod and the two small bags containing a variety of odds and ends which they thought might be useful for the shoot.

A flight of moss-lined stone steps brought them to a small green porch outside the studio door. Melissa knocked on the door and opened it. Matt emerged from a doorway the other side of the studio and walked towards them.

"Hi Matt! This is Sabine. She's going to be my model." He gave Melissa a friendly kiss and shook hands with Sabine.

"Pleased to meet you, Sabine," he said. 

"I hope we haven't interrupted whatever you are doing with your friend," Melissa said.

"No. You certainly haven't done that. He hasn't turned up. But let me show you around the studio. It's not all that big, but I have quite a collection of equipment and bits and pieces which I use for props." His arm indicated a number of boxes of all sizes along both side walls. Some of them had chains and ropes hanging over the edges. He took the girls around the backdrops where there was quite a collection of planks of wood, and with wiring and electricity meters on an old brick wall. An open cupboard door revealed several costumes hanging up, and there were items of furniture such as a sofa, some chairs and shelves containing books and table lamps.There was also a large bale of straw. Matt showed them the rear projection equipment and gave a demonstration using the dungeon scene. Then he sent them back around the front to view it.

"Oh Matt, that's terrific. It looks so real," Melissa exclaimed. 

Sabine looked in awe at the backdrop. "I'll feel as though I'm really in a dungeon!" she yelled. "Wow!"

Melissa couldn't wait to get started. She set her camera on its tripod and looked through the viewfinder. She gazed around. "Now, the lights. How do I operate those Matt?" she asked.

"That's the main modelling light," he said indicating a light which shone into a silver brolly. The other two are fill-ins operated by slave switches, one for the hair light and one on the backdrop; or you can use that as a side light."

"It sounds a bit complicated to me Matt," Melissa said. "Would you mind giving me a hand with the lighting till I get used to using it?"

"No problem," he replied. "You set up the poses you want and I'll give you some ideas for the lighting."

Melissa sat Sabine on a dais in the centre of the floor and then gave her some instructions. "Just sit with your legs out to the side. I'll tie your wrists together in front of you, and I want you to look down. Don't forget, you're supposed to be a prisoner. We'll have some shots with the mask and some without. That will give me a choice when I do the paintings."

Matt arranged a few different versions of the lighting and Melissa clicked away merrily with her camera. Then she arranged Sabine in a variety of poses: kneeling, lying and standing.

"How about a few low key shots using just a spot light to pick out the prisoner?" suggested Matt. "It should go well with the dark dungeon background."

Melissa eagerly accepted his suggestion and was very pleased with the result. Then she stopped and looked intently at Sabine. "There's only one thing wrong with a projected wall, I can't tie the prisoner to it," she said laughing at Matt.

"Oh, I've got something we can use for that," he said. He disappeared behind the backdrop. There was a low rumbling sound and he emerged pushing a wooden wall, mounted on castors, with several vertical wooden posts sticking up above it. "You can use this," he said.

"Oh, that's great," Melissa replied, her eyes shining with enthusiasm. She drew Sabine over to the wooden wall and then tied her hands to an upright above her head. "Oh yes, that looks very prisoner-like" she said smiling at Matt. "Now, sag a bit Sabine as though you've been standing there for hours."