 I am head administrator of a small private school at the outskirts of a very high-end section of the county. Residents of the area pooled our resources to establish this very successful day school primarily for our children. My husband and many of the other husbands and wives make salaries in the upper five and six figures. I work for a nominal fee because the school is my pet project. I have a doctorate in education that I finally put to use. My own daughter, our princess, is now an 18 year old senior.

A week before the new session began, my secretary buzzed saying that a Mrs. White wanted a conference with me. I have several Mrs. Whites in our parent files. Not caring which, I had her come in. As soon as I saw her, I knew that she was not one of us. She held her little girl, about 6, tightly by the hand.

"Excuse me ma'am," she said nervously. "I need to have my daughter enrolled in your school. My Jill is a good girl. She's real smart. I just want her to have the chance at a good education."

"Mrs. White, do you live in this area?" I continued before she commented. "You and your husband must be residents to send your child here."

"No, I don't live here. I wish I did. I live and work next door in Peek. Just over the line. And I don't have a husband anymore."

Peek is basically a poor county to say the least. She probably never had a husband either. "I'm afraid we can't accommodate you. The tuition is quite high and I doubt you could afford it even if I could make an exception," I explained to her.

"Don't you have scholarships or something? My baby tested real high at her kindergarten. I know she could do well here."

To show that we are not totally snooty, I keep a free slot each year at the lower grade levels for academically promising students that don't live in our community. No one except has ever inquired before her. But she still was not the type of parent we wanted. "I don't doubt that she is a good student, but..." She cut me off.

She leaned over my desk. "I'll do anything to get her in. Anything at all." Her large, firm breasts heaved in her low cut tank top. I could see a small tattooed heart peeking from her cleavage. My eyes were glued to her chest. Then she stood and began to pace. Jill say quietly. 

Mrs. White was a little trashy, I know, but she was very pretty with her heavy blond curls piled on top of her head. Her lips were full and red-a beautiful mouth in spite of the gum she occasionally chomped on. Her waistline was tiny; her hips curvy in a straight skirt too short for a mommy. She had strong shapely calves and pretty feet in pastel sandals. All together, it was not a bad picture--for a pauper. Someone like her would probably turn our parent meetings into the Harper Valley PTA. I ended my perusal of her and got back to the matter at hand.

"Again, Mrs. White, I'm sorry but..."

"Wait a minute." she said frantically. She took her daughter out to my secretary and came right back in. 

I was getting a little annoyed at her persistence. I had to put an end to this now. "Mrs. White, please. Jill won't be..."

"If I promise to eat your pussy right now, will you consider letting her in?"

"What did you say?" I put my hand to my chest.

"I see the way you look at me. You think I'm sexy in spite of my circumstances. I'll fuck you good so that my daughter can go here free of charge." She walked around my desk, rubbing her breasts as she moved. My eyes were glued to them. "Here. I know you want to feel them."

I've always had a curiosity about the sex between two women. I know of girls that had sex in the dorms at college. I remember feeling a tingle when I saw them kissing in the hallways. Here was my chance to experiment. I could let her suck me. My husband only goes down below on rare occasions and doesn't do a very good job. Besides, who would believe her if she ever told anyone? And I may never have this opportunity again. I rose from my chair and quietly locked my office door. I picked up the phone and instructed my secretary to give Jill crayons and color sheets while her mother and I were in conference. We were not to be disturbed with outside calls. She watched as I removed my skirt and panties. My figure was as good as hers from weekend rowing and hiking.

She pulled down her top and let me feel the breasts that I had ogled. It was so strange yet so wonderful to feel my hands on a woman's flesh. She instructed me to sit on my desk and spread my legs wide. She sat in my office chair and lowered it to pussy level. I know I was already wet in anticipation. Mrs. White's long tongue appeared from between her red lips. I was shaking as I felt her heat and moisture moving toward me. My own body temperature rose. My nipples hardened and strained against my bra. 

She began by licking me with short fast strokes. Then she switched to long, slow swipes up and down my vulva. I moaned in utter satisfaction. My pussy lips were sucked into her warm mouth. As she worked on my pussy, she held my trembling hips in place. When her long tongue found its way into me, pumping and exploring, I thought that was the best feeling I ever had. When she pulled out and sucked on my clit, I came in waves. 

So this was how it supposed to be done. I loved it. I sat there catching my breath. Here I was a 39-year old professional educator, mother, wife--naked from the waist down, wet from my own juices and very satisfied by the mouth of a mother whose child sat in my outer office. 

Mrs. White looked up at me with a wet mouth as she adjusted her top. Her lipstick had been lost in my pussy. She asked, "Is she in? Can Jill go to this school?'

I needed a bit more convincing. "She's in for the time being. I'll inform my secretary that she is temporarily on scholarship. But I'll need to be in conference with you again."

"Do you want me to come on Friday? I'll bring her records. I can do that," she said enthusiastically.

"No, Mrs. White. I'd like you to bring them to my home office on Saturday morning. You can bring Jill if you can't get a sitter. I'll have my housekeeper take her to the park while we talk about the admission." Her faced now showed that she got the message. She had to fuck me just a little more to assure Jill's full acceptance. Luckily, my husband and daughter each had out of town weekend plans. 

As the principal read through scholarship information, I recalled my first lesbian sex. It was with Mrs. Larson. I was a senior, barely 18. She was the mother of my best friend and lived next door. When her daughter was away for a day, she invited me over and began to feel me up. I didn't say anything. And it's not like a woman had never felt me up before. She led me into her daughter's room, pushed me to the bed, removed my panties, held my legs apart and rammed her tongue inside. I only protested a little. The more she did it, the better its felt. Soon I found myself humping against her face, seeking pleasure. She sucked on my clit as I went insane. I gladly removed the rest of my clothing so that she could have her way with me. My family never had much, so she secretly provided me money so that I could be like a normal teen and do things with my friends. She fucked me at every possible opportunity.

I foolishly got married right out of high school and got pregnant right away. Of course, it didn't work out. Rand became abusive. At 19, I was divorced with a year old child. He's never paid a dime in child support. I swore off men. After moving around, I ended up in Peek county hoping for work. It is real competitive out there without much education. I went from job to job. When I was faced with female interviewers, I always supplemented my skimpy resume with the offer of a little pussy. I look fuckable. I know it and I use it. Just like I'm using it on this rich lady. Our Saturday "conference" will be a fuck fest. But I don't mind fucking her. She's a beautiful woman with a great body. I'd do anything for my little girl. But I'd better bring in the big guns. This lady will be needy and greedy. 

I once fucked this restaurant hostess to get a head waitress position. She was a lesbian looking for a little action away from her girlfriend. We did it at a motel at the end of town. She said while she enjoyed my tongue and fingers inside her, I would be awesome with a dick. The next time we met she brought a bag of toys for us to use. She named them the 'big guns.' She let me keep them when we parted. I've since found very good use for them. Sometimes when I'm restless at night, I fill myself with one of the dicks and recall one of the many women I've fucked. Once I cum I can go to sleep. Now where did I put that box with the little gold balls?

I walked her outside and saw Mrs. White's old 1980's Honda clunker. That thing could not clutter up my driveway. It's probably leaking oil, too. I'd make sure I put something down to cover the floor just in case. I told her to drive into the garage at the back of the house when she comes on Saturday. I would close it so the neighbors wouldn't wonder about it.

On Saturday I arrived on time with my little girl in tow. I was here to fuck the rich lady. What a magnificent house. I saw her speaking quietly to her housekeeper making plans for my daughter. Then two of them went off and she led me upstairs. She did have an office upstairs. I left the folder that I had been clutching on her desk. A door in the office led directly into her huge, beautiful bedroom that was full of light. I didn't know people lived like this.

The principal began stripping off her clothes as soon as we entered the bedroom. When I began to do the same, she asked to do it. First she released my hair from its knot and ran her fingers through its thickness. She slowly removed the few clothes that I wore. Her hands and then her lips found my breasts. She ran her hands over my back and my ass, cupping my cheeks. At last she rubbed my pussy as she breathed heavily. I spread my legs to give her better access. She slipped a finger, then two inside my wet pussy, pumping them in and out. I took her face and forced my tongue in her mouth giving her a long, deep kiss. Her knees buckled.

I led her to the bed and put her legs on my shoulders. Her pussy was inches away from my face and I took it. Licking, sucking, nipping and plunging. She encouraged me with her pleas of 'stop, don't stop.' I put a half inch of finger in the principal's anus as I sucked her button between my lips. She exploded with juice. A long moan escaped from her. I licked her juice as fast as I could because I wanted to put my tongue back inside her to feel her convulsions.

I excused myself, grabbed my bag and found her bathroom. I said hello to my little friend, a blue gel dick curved slightly upward. It was seven inches long and fat. I stepped into the harness and adjusted the part that went into me. I could feel its hardness in my pussy as I walked back to her. When she saw me she gasped and smiled. She knew that I would be in her pussy soon.

I straddled the principal, bent over to kiss her and slid my dick in to the hilt. I stroked her to her mantra of 'it's so good, it's so good, fuck me, fuck me, it's so good.' Her body rose with each powerful slice and pushed up to me. With a small scream in her voice, she came first. Then I lost myself in my own orgasm.

When Mrs. White put her dick in me, I marveled at the hardness that pumped into my flesh and the voluptuousness of the female to which it was attached. Hard inside. Soft outside. So many kisses. It was so illicit and that turned me on even more. This had to be my best sex ever. She was sprawled on top of me, our breasts pressed together, still inside me, when I looked over at the clock. It was three hours later. Sarah and Jill would be back soon. We grabbed caps and took a quick shower together, sharing a few kisses as the water beat down on us. I considered myself to be almost pussy-whipped.

We were just coming down the stairs when the housekeeper returned with Jill. She came running to me clutching a new soft toy. The housekeeper brought in many zippered bags and boxes from her car.

"I had Sarah take Jill shopping while we were in conference. We want her to have a good start at her new school. Since uniforms are not included in the scholarship, I took the liberty. Do you mind?"

"Heavens, no. I would only be able to buy used ones." I looked at all the nice things she bought for my daughter. There were at least three weeks of uniforms, sweaters, jackets, shoes, socks, sneakers, underwear and a very nice book bag. There were bags of school supplies for a first grader.

Mrs. White and her daughter were very happy when they left my house. I was happy, too. My body had been stroked, licked, kissed, sucked and fucked. I was a very satisfied woman. She was an amazing lover. I knew I would want her again.

I found the opportunity to get with her again a few weeks later when my husband and daughter went to a college football game. Sarah had been given the day off. I pleaded a headache at the last minute. She left Jill with a neighbor and came right over. I hurriedly paid the taxi driver at the door. Today I experimented with eating her pussy. It was not bad. Mrs. White instructed me verbally as I put my head between her legs and began licking her big, hairless pussy. Her orgasms as she clutched my tongue inside her assured me that I had done a good job. She pulled me on top of her and aligned our pussies. I knew instinctively what to do. Kiss and screw to orgasm. What a glorious feeling.

We had more passionate trysts at my home and after hours at the school. In between, I bought her an entire wardrobe including sexy underwear, helped her get a car that was made in this century, found her a nicer apartment in this county and had a friend of mine find her a good secretarial job with benefits for her and Jill. She took care of me. I took care of her.

The principal was an intense, almost insatiable lover. She even kept a small blow-up mattress in her office for when we did it at the school. I always took my collection of toys whenever I visited her because she loved to be filled. And she liked me to do her hard. I had no problem pounding my dick into her into her holes or eating her until she couldn't take any more. It gave me a lot of pleasure, too. When I gave her what she wanted, she gave me what I wanted.

I ended our affair four months into the term and took a brief leave of absence after my husband and daughter came to the school to surprise me and take me out to an early dinner. I heard them laughing outside my office door. I had already opened Mrs. White's blouse and unhooked the front clasp on her new bra. I was anticipating a little pussy on pussy before I put her in a cab. The situation was handled, but I was shocked back to reality. My family could have walked in on me fucking a woman. It was best to give her up now because it would be just a matter of time before my addiction became my embarrassment. But I will never forget the taste and feel of her. She was the most sexual thing I had ever seen or had.

I'll miss the principal, but there are other women out there who'd want a piece of me. I just have to keep my eyes open and my panties off. I know how to use my pussy on women to my advantage. I got everything I wanted for my little girl, didn't I? I even got lots of nice things for myself. I didn't need to have some big, sweaty guy rutting around in me. With women, I am in control. And I get to enjoy fantastic sex, too. As parting gesture, the principal enrolled Jill in a really good summer camp.

..............

When Jill was eight, the dentist said that she needed primary braces. Those are very expensive even with a dental plan. I grabbed the telephone book, opened it to the yellow pages and searched for female orthodontists. It was time to put the pussy into play again.

* 

"The Principal and her Princess" is forthcoming.