 Sabine obeyed, bending first this way and then that way making a very good job of the poses. "Now, I want you to stick one leg out to the side," Melissa said. She undid some of the Velcro strips to make this easier.

"That's very sexy," observed Matt with approval. Melissa was encouraged by this remark. She walked over to Sabine and undid a strap holding the cloak on her shoulder. It fell down revealing one bikini-covered breast with a nipple well in evidence. She deftly removed the bikini top.

"Melissa, what are you doing?" said Sabine in a whisper. "Matt can see my boob!"

"Don't worry about that darling," she replied with a smile. Then she whispered into her ear: "In our life class he's used to seeing everything. He's seen it all before."

"But he hasn't seen mine," replied Sabine.

Melissa gave a brief laugh. "Well, he has now. And in any case, I know how you enjoy it." She turned and walked back to her camera leaving Sabine tied and helpless and displaying one naked breast. Her nipple was getting harder by the second, but there was no way she could cover it up.

"You've got a nice erect nipple Sabine," observed Matt. "Melissa, why don't you use a strong sidelight to show it up more? It would really stand out then." Sabine blushed redder than ever at this idea.

"My thoughts entirely Matt," Melissa replied, and immediately they both rearranged the lights much to the obvious embarrassment of Sabine.

Melissa was so pleased with the shots that she undid the velcro on Sabine's other shoulder leaving her completely topless. She became increasingly embarrassed as both her naked breasts and hard pink nipples were exposed in front of a young guy she'd never met before, but she did so much want to help Melissa. She put every effort into her posing as more and more of her was revealed ending with her sitting with only a crumpled red serge cloak around her hips.

After giving Sabine back her bikini top, which she was very thankful for, Melissa was keen to get on with the bikini prisoner pictures. Matt was very cooperative and Melissa was amazed at the number of photographic backdrops and props he produced to make a convincing prison shot.

She took a variety of photographs; some with Sabine posing in glamour-girl fashion, some back shots which showed nearly everything at the rear, and some with the bikini hanging off. Sabine felt very embarrassed with those shots, so to embarrass her further Melissa insisted that she posed with her legs open and the bikini almost off. She went bright red but Matt's barrage of compliments made her smile and she began to enter into the spirit of the posing even when she was tied up.

Matt had the bright idea of spraying Sabine with water so that the skimpy bikini clung to her like a second skin. Her gorgeous nipples really responded to this treatment which drew even more compliments from Matt.

After all the exposure and humiliation she'd suffered, the transition to the naked prisoner shots went fairly smoothly. By now Sabine was taking to posing like a duck to water. Matt was a talented photographer and, with his tactful help and Melissa's bullying, Sabine responded with really sexy poses even when they tied her up in some awkward and rather painful positions.

Melissa insisted on ever more blatantly sexual poses from Sabine with her smooth slim legs spread wide, back arched and on tip toes. Matt joined in enthusiastically and both he and Melissa handled Sabine's naked body to push and pull her into the required position. Sabine's embarrassment was total as she realised that he had seen everything she had and from every angle. The fact that her pussy lips were opening and getting pinker would not have been lost on him, and she got the impression that Melissa was starting to get a bit aroused as well.

After tying Sabine's hands above her head to one of the rafters, Matt produced a leg spreader from one of his cupboards and suggested they use it on her. "Oh, Melissa, it's so humiliating having my legs fastened wide open with that thing. Please . . ." Her words were cut short as Matt and Melissa fixed it around her ankles. After a few shots back and front, Melissa had another idea.

"I think a prisoner tied up like that might struggle and start to sweat. Don't you think so Matt?"

"Yes, I suppose she would," he replied studying her carefully.

"I think we could get that effect by oiling her," Melissa said. She walked over to one of her bags and took out a bottle of oil.

They both approached Sabine who was strung up naked and helpless. "As you obviously can't put the oil on, Matt and I will do it for you," Melissa said.

Sabine bit her lip in embarrassment and gave Melissa one of her endearing humiliated looks from her downturned eyes. "Oh, Melissa. You know what that'll do to me. Pleeeeze!"

She knew exactly what it would do to her. She'd get really aroused and her pussy would swell and open up even more; her clitoris would stand on end and her nipples would get really hard. It always happened when she did it at home. With four hands wandering all over her, Melissa wondered whether Sabine might even have an orgasm.

She poured a small pool of oil onto Matt's hand and some onto her own. They each rubbed their palms together to warm the oil and then started to apply it to their nude model, one on eíther side. They started at the top and worked their way slowly down her smooth naked body. It wasn't long before they could hear little murmurs coming from Sabine's throat as she closed her eyes.

By the time they reached her legs they could see that her shaved pussy lips were already shining, even before they applied the oil. Melissa, feeling even more turned on by her friend's sexual arousal, was feeling in a wicked mood so spent some time oiling every wrinkle of her vagina and rubbing her clitoris which was already well in evidence. By the ooohs and aaaahs coming from Sabine she knew she enjoyed it.

Matt, not to be outdone, performed an encore between her legs and Sabine seemed to appreciate his strong hands even more. By the time they'd run right down her legs, it was obvious to the both of them that they had a sexually aroused model on their hands. They quickly washed them and continued with the shooting.

"I like the highlights on the oil Matt," observed Melissa looking at her shining friend. "Her muscles show up well. What if we pull her up higher and have her hanging by her wrists?"

"That's a good idea," agreed Matt. "Her muscles will stand out even better if they're taut."

They fixed ropes to Sabine's wrists and threw them over the beam above her head. Then they pulled her up so that her feet were off the floor. They stood back to see the results as Sabine groaned with the strain on her arms.

"That's quite effective," said Matt, "but the pose is rather straight."

"Mmmm, yes," observed Melissa. "I think we can improve it by tying her ankles to the uprights at the side."

They each took a length of rope, tied it around an ankle and then pulled Sabine's legs wide open against the two upright posts. She was spreadeagled in mid air. Her slight arm muscles were at full stretch and the dips between the tendons at the tops of her thighs seemed to thrust her shaved pussy outwards exposing her open glossy lips like a hungry mouth. Her stomach muscles were pulled flat with the tension as she vainly tried to wriggle to gain some comfortable position for her aching body. Her whole being ached for an orgasm but she knew she dare not have one until the shoot was over.

Melissa returned to her camera and viewed the shot. "Oh yes, I like it," she said smiling at Sabine. "You look very sexy darling." 

As she spoke there came a loud knock on the door. When it opened two young men strolled into the studio with an even younger woman trailing behind them. Matt moved to greet them. Sabine was naked and shaved with her hands tied stretched above her head, and her ankles tied out to the side spreading her legs wide when the two guys and young woman walked in. They stood staring at her totally exposed body. Sabine almost died of shame and humiliation. She opened her mouth witht a loud cry. "Oh, no!" Five people were staring at her showing everything she had, and she couldn't move a muscle.

Matt broke the silence which followed. "Oh, Melissa, this is Tony and Jack and this is Tony's new wife Heather." They shook hands all round, then Matt pointed in the direction of Sabine. "And this young lady is Sabine, our model."

Sabine could almost feel ten eyes boring into her nakedness as Melissa added with a laugh, "Unfortunately she can't shake hands with you at the moment as they are otherwise engaged."

Heather looked almost as embarrassed as Sabine as she realised how she must be feeling having people much younger than herself staring at her like that, but the two guys just stood there and were in no hurry to move until Matt said, "OK, folks, if you'd like to come into the dark room we'll sort out which wedding photographs you want me to print."

"Oh, thank goodness they've gone!" blurted out Sabine. "I've never felt so embarrassed."

Melissa strolled over to her, giggling. "I think they enjoyed the view. I don't suppose they're often introduced to a naked girl"

"But I didn't enjoy being viewed like this," protested Sabine.

"Don't worry darling, they wouldn't have known whether your little pinkie was shining with oil or juice." She pushed her finger provocatively into Sabine's vagina. "Ooooh. It feels mostly like juice to me." Melissa gave another smirk. Sabine was secretly wishing that Melissa might finger her to an orgasm in Matt's absence, but she withdrew her finger leaving her sexually unsatisfied and on edge.

She went back to the camera and took a few shots. Then she untied Sabine and lowered her to the floor.

She rubbed her wrists. "I'm glad that's over. I felt like a trussed chicken up there."

At that point Matt returned. " I've left them making up their minds about the photographs. How's it going Melissa? What do you want to do next?"

"I thought we might try a bondage shot with Sabine's hands tied behind her back, kneeling down perhaps." She glanced at Sabine who was sitting on the grey carpet rubbing her ankles.

"Good idea," enthused Matt. "I think it might be a good thing to do some shots without the oil now." He walked over to Sabine and picked up a small pink towel. 

"Just lie down and relax while I remove the oil," he said. Sabine lay down on her back and Matt rubbed her all over with the towel. As his hands moved between her legs he whispered, "I do like your nice juicy pussy," which did nothing to ease Sabine's mounting embarrassment as she tried to suppress her need to come. Matt turned her over and rubbed her back, then looked at Melissa.

"Shall I tie her hands behind her back?" he asked taking up a length of rope.

"Yes. And make it nice and tight," she said as she grinned down at Sabine. He did.

"Ouch!" she cried. "That's really tight. I won't be able to . . ."

"Oh stop grumbling!" broke in Melissa. "Let's have some co-operation. If she misbehaves, just smack her bottom Matt," she said with a laugh.

He raised his hand and gave her three smart smacks on her bare butt.

"Aw! That hurt!" she cried.

Matt gave a little laugh. "Sorry. Let me make it better." He began to gently and slowly run his hand over her bottom running a finger down between her cheeks till he felt the moisture between her legs. She tried to close her thighs but his insistent finger probed deeper until she felt it separating the lips of her pussy. He put his wet finger right under her nose. "Look at that," he said in a chocolate soft voice. "You are enjoying yourself aren't you?"

Melissa then led her over to one of the upright posts and got her to kneel down facing it. They tied her hands up behind her to the post so that her face was on the floor and her ass sticking up. She felt as though her arms were going to be pulled out of their sockets and her muscles ached as they were pulled about. Then Melissa walked over to retrieve the leg spreader. "We'll use this too. She'll look more erotic with her legs spread open." Having fixed it to her ankles, she ran her hands underneath Sabine's taut body and squeezed her breasts and her nipples, then she went down to her clitoris and gave it a hard rub between her thumb and finger. She laughed as she whispered in her ear, "Now you mustn't come darling. Just control yourself."

"Oh Melissa," groaned Sabine as she realised that Matt would now be looking straight between the cheeks of her ass at her anus and shining pink pussy as her milky love dew dribbled out. She felt so vulnerable, so wet and sticky, and realised she was completely at the mercy of these two.

Melissa took a few shots as Sabine thought she had reached the depths of humiliation when suddenly there was a babble of conversation and the three visitors rejoined them. She realised that her depths were going to get even deeper. There were now three guys and two women standing right behind her naked butt looking at the show. She closed her eyes and was glad she didn't have to look at them.

The group stood there for what seemed ages to Sabine as they talked about the photographs; then, after apologising for being late, and saying goodbye, they finally left. Jack was last to move. "Like your great butt Sabine," he said. "Very sexy!" Everyone laughed as she wished the floor would open up and swallow her.

"OK darling. You can get dressed now. Your ordeal is over," smiled Melissa as she went over to untie her friend.

"Thank goodness for that," sighed Sabine. "That was the height of humiliation and embarrassment."

Melissa rubbed her chin and looked thoughtful. "The height? Well. . . I wouldn't say that exactly." She was thinking of what she had in mind for Sabine at the exhibition.