 Anne slipped the tooth brush from her frothy mouth and spit, flashing the mirror in front of her an overstated, almost cartoonish grin. She turned her head side to side just a bit, checking her teeth, before her lips came back together in a smile. Bright blonde strands of hair peeked from under the thick towel wrapped over her hair. She straightened herself as her thin, agile fingers reached up and ruffled the towel over her wet hair, pulling the towel up and quickly folding it in half. 

Standing straight up, the mirror missed the top of her head due to her considerable height, though still showed the slim powerful figureof her torso, her stomach, chest and arms all lean and sinewy. She pouted a bit as her hands moved to her breasts. Although her nipples and areola were admirable, her breasts were hardly large. She had no trouble covering them with her hands. Her lips pursed as she glanced sideways, brushing a tangle of long blonde hair out of her blue eyes.

Past the the misty grey, yet still translucent shower curtain, hot water streamed over a shorter, curvier figure. Even with only the silhouette for comparison, the female's breasts were a great deal larger than Anne's; a pair of great, round, soft globes. She couldn't truly be jealous though, and bit her lip as she slid the curtain to the side to look in on her beloved Helena.

Helena had a soft, smooth babyface, round, but with deep dimples. Her dark brown hair, cut to shoulder length, clung damply to her cheeks and neck as sudsy water ran down over her pale flesh. Although she was squishy and slightly pudgy around her stomach, hips and thighs, Anne found her impossibly adorable. 

Anne stepped over the rim of them tub and moved closer, bringing her hands to rest on Helena's luscious orbs of flesh. Helena gasped as her dark hazel eyes opened and she glanced up. She giggled a jubiliant high pitched giggle and reached up to Anne's face, rising on the tips of her toes to kiss her towering lover. There was about half a foot of height disparity between them. 

"Why ya gotta be so damn tall, woman?" Helena asked, her high, slightly southern twanged voice playfully curious.

"Tell me why your boobs have to be bigger than mine," retorted Anne, her voice sharp and quick yet still warm.

Helena pursed her lips and glanced off to the side. "Well, if w'both had chests like mine, we'd never get close enough to hug, da boobs would always be in da way." They both laughed at the statement, and Anne pulled her love closer, in small part because she loved the wet-warm squishiness of Helena's breasts pushing against her. Helena's small hands rested cozily on the solid curve of Anne's buttocks. The simple pleasure of a tight, loving embrace beneath a hot shower was too enjoyable to leave for the time being, and they stayed locked together in place for a few minutes.

"OK ... so this new toy store," uttered Helena.

"Mmmm hmmm. Only toy store near to us, unless we want to go out of town," said Anne.

Helena giggled giddily. She and her beloved had a strong fascination with sex toys in their young relationship, and both were quite eager to see the wares of the small shop that had opened on the nearby merchant's street. Helena reached up and smooched Anne again, deep and heated.

"Well is we gonna go, or not?" she asked with joking pout. Anne just smiled a gentle smile and ruffled her lover's damp hair. The two stepped out of the shower and went to get ready.

Truth be told, it wasn't the most perfectly pleasant day. It was on the cool side, overcast, with a light drizzle dampening Anne and Helena's neatly dried and brushed hair. They both wore denim jeans, tight denim jeans; even in public they were fond of goosing each other, and didn't like too much loose fabric getting in the way. Anne wore a thin, colorful blouse underneath a light denim jacket, while Helena stuck to a simple, faded black t-shirt under the beloved black bomber jacket Anne had given her the previous Christmas. 

Helena never failed to notice Anne was much more stylish wherever they went. Not that Helena envied her or anything, she wasn't particularly fond of colorful things. Truth be told, Anne was the only really colorful thing she loved. As they walked, Helena leaned sideways towards her blonde beloved, holding her arm as they walked. 

That needy, cuddly quality was something that made Anne fall deeply in love with the brunette at her side. Helena indeed could be very fierce and strong. But somehow, around Anne, she softened to a gentle, incredibly loving soul. Anne's heart melted whenever she was close.

The two continued their brisk walk, staying close to absorb the warmth of the other, as a chilly wind blew against their backs. It didn't take too much longer to reach the small toy store, it's high wooden and glass door guarding it's contents. The massive front window was formed of a misty type of glass that wasn't entirely translucent, for obvious reasons. Clasping hands the two pushed open the door and entered.

The inside of the store was quite the antithesis of what they expected. Most adult toy stores had tons of bright lights and bright colors everywhere, with metal racks everywhere, toys hung up on the wall, music blaring loudly. Not so here. 

The high walls of the store were a simple, bright white, the entire center area left empty. Neat, forest green carpeting covered the floors. Ornate wooden tables and cases lined the walls along the side, all the wall to the back of the store, upon which neatly sat all manner of sexual, sensual toys, completely honest and out in the open. Soft light from overhead lamps lit the the store, though not to an overpowering degree. At the back of the store, sat a short, neatly dressed man, long black hair neatly braided, the lengthy braid resting forward over his shoulder. He looked up to them with a gentle smile before returning to his paperwork.

Anne stared about with a look of wonder. "I never expected it to be so ... homey."

"Yea ... it's all tidy an' warm." She dashed over to nearest case by the door. Rows of butt plugs, arranged from tiny and unthreatening to ungodly thick and painful looking, stood beyond the glass doors of the case. "Ohhhhh ... an' a nice selection too ..." she cooed giddily. 

Anne meanwhile wondered over to a table across from her, it's surface covered by all manner of vibrating eggs and bullets, some of them remotely activated. She chuckled under her breath ... could be fun, but they already had a trio of vibrators of varying sizes. She wanted something a bit different from their usual fare. 

"We could always see how much I'd stretch," remarked Helena suddenly. Anne turned to see her better half holding a obscenely large dildo in her hands, a heavy, bright red latex monstrosity as big as her arm, perhaps larger. Anne raised an eyebrow at her.

"I just started working you up towards fisting. That thing is much bigger than my hand or arm, and I really don't want you to be hurt."

Helena pondered her words and set the massive toy back down, patting it as she did. "Well, we just gotta remember it when I can fit a bit more." Anne sighed and shook her head, turning back to the nearby cases. The quality of the store's many items was quite outstanding, and the sheer variety packed into the small space was almost baffling. Her eyes trotted from one item to the next, each having it's own quality of intrigue, but not sparking her imagination quite the way she wanted.

As she strolled further through the store, her eyes suddenly sparkled a bit as she spotted a very interesting item. A long cord, strung through several large, latex balls. She counted fourteen balls on the strand, each a midnight black color. It had a twin that was exactly the same, except it was a soft white color. She tilted her head as her mind began to suddenly concoct many delicious things to do with such items. She glanced over her shoulders, her eyes zeroing in on the delicious ass of her dear Helena. 

"Excuse me, sir?" she called out as she turned her head to the back of the store. The attendant quickly stood up and moved to her. "These balls ... how much are they?"

"Fifteen dollars for each set," he answered in a warm tone.

"I want both of these," said Anne, pointing to the two sets she had been glancing at. The attendant nodded, gathering them up and taking them to his counter to package them.

Helena by this time had scurried over to Anne's side, looking at the toys curiously. "Ohhh ... those look cool ... but, why'd ya pick those?" Anne merely peered down at her with a small, knowing smile. Helena knew that look very well. 

" ... My pussy's gonna hurt by the end of tonight, ain't it?" 

Anne merely nodded as the attendant handed her the bag with the toys. 

Helena gasped hard, her fingernails digging deep into the dark beige carpeting she was sitting upon in her and Anne's den. Anne's fingertips were still resting on her shivering labia. Helena licked her lips, trying to desperately keep herself under control. She closed her eyes as her head tilted up. Anne was down on one knee, nearly straddling her; Helena knew looking into her eyes would make the arousal even more intense.

"That's just the first bead," whispered Anne. "I mean ... I loved having them stuffed in me ... but you still have 5 to go ... then I have to get the other strand inside you ... " Her fingertips slid down between Helena's sweet asscheeks, rubbing the tiny, trembling hole there. She felt it seize up tightly and giggled.

"Q-Q-Quit ... tryin' ta'tease me ... ," stuttered Helena through chapped lips. "You're all trembling too, ya know. I can't help that I enjoy playing with those holes of yours."

"At least open your eyes, let me see what you feel."

As Anne spoke, she pressed the second ball against Helena's core. The quivering flesh made the ball quake as Anne slowly pushed it through. Helena opened her eyes and they met the feverish blue eyed stare of her beloved. The arousal was making her fingertips, her lips, her neck, any and every part of her that could feel and know pleasure, tingle mightily, and she groaned, opening her mouth as her tongue stuck out just a bit. Anne understood her body language well and met her open mouth with a heated kiss as the bead sunk into Helena's pussy. 

The brunette let out a high pitched cry against the kiss, her tongue jamming into Anne's mouth fiercely, finding it's mate. Their tongues wrapped and coiled wildly, darting back and forth over each other. Anne held the back of Helena's head and pulled her tongue past her lips, sucking on the warm, soft pink flesh, her own tongue blazing and reveling in the delicious flavor of her love. She continued to hold, and kiss, as her other hand continued slowly, torturously slowly, slipping each bead past Helena's rapidly moistening pussy lips.

Helena was nearly in tears, her hands seizing Anne's hips so tightly that Anne grunted in pain. Never once though did Anne stop her maniacal kissing. Helena's eyes fell shut again and she closed out all around her, the entire world and all reality but Anne and herself, only focusing on the intensity of physical sensation that seemed poised to burn her alive. Anne's yummy, wet tongue ... her firm cheekbones covered by soft, warm skin pressed to Helena's face. 

There was a drip drip drip against her tummy, and at last a distant part of her mind realized that Anne's core above her was dripping, her cum making it past the many beads jammed into her demanding pussy. Her mind focused in on that sensation for moment, the most sacred of this wonderful woman's juices dripping and pooling against her skin. It only made the tingle surge to a tightening across her entire body, a torturous grip of needy, voracious lust screaming in her mind and soul for satisfaction.

A new sensation gripped her. The tiny pucker of her asshole was being spread, something large and round was trying to push it's way in. Anne had finally pulled away, her lips and tongue soaked and dripping with Helena's saliva. Her fingers pushed, not too hard, nudging the bead along, trying to coax Helena's anus open to accept the latex invader.

Then came the sudden push. Helena screamed as her opening was stretched wide for this large bead. The drip drip drip on her stomach became a sudden stream as reality spiraled away. She gasped so hard that the sudden intake of air brought a sharp pain to her chest. She panted, as another latex ball was pressed to her ass. But at this point, nothing really hurt. Her body was so alive with sexual energy, that when she opened her eyes to meet Anne's again, her stare wordlessly pleaded for more, more, more.

Anne and Helena kneeled back to back, shivering. Neither of them quite wanted to move, and yet the masochistic erotic thrill was making their hearts beat so fast that they could feel the other's heartbeat as they were back to back. The massive twin strands of beads were evenly stuffed, one set for their twitching, clenching assholes, one for their quaking, burning pussies. They were intimately connected this way, and any movement from either caused the beads to be tugged and jostled about their most sensitive inner workings.

Helena's hands and fingers were attacking her nipples madly, the angry swollen nubs being yanked, stretched out from her enormous breasts, which each showed deep, random furrows where her nails had dug in fiercely. Anne's hips swayed from side to side, causing her hard, muscular buttocks to rub against the soft warmth of Helena's wonderfully plump ass. 

"I'm ... not sure I wanna move," moaned Helena, her legs shaking violently, her head tilting back and nuzzling, her dark brown hair mingling with Anne's blonde mane.

"Oh trust me, you do ... my stomach hurts, my cunt is aching ... I love it."

They turned their heads just enough to kiss each other, moaning, their lips locking tightly. Their lips pressed tightly one more time and they both leaned forward on their knees, their hands resting on the carpet. As they both lay on hands and knees, it became very apparent that the first beads (more like balls in terms of size) were pressing to the very inner rims of their orifices. Their forms shaking, they both crawled from each other, and after a few agonizing seconds, they pressed far enough away that the first beads, with loud, wet pops, exited their orifices.

Their holes stretched wide, so very wide, almost painfully, then snapped back. The feeling inflamed their pussies and asses to a maddening degree, a delicious sharp pain that made their holes surge mightily. The build to that moment, and the immediate, intense sensation was far too much, and the orgasms that raged from inside, thick juices spilling from their pussies, caused them each to pitch forward, arching their backs. The shrill screams spiked as the motion of their bodies yanked another set of beads from inside them. 

Helena panted, weaving forward and back a lil bit, dragging her nipples over the carpeting. She kept up that motion, nearly drooling as her nipples were adoring the rough strands of carpet stroking them. Her motions were causing the strands of Anne's beads to yank forward, pressing against her insides repeatedly. Anne rose on her hands and knees, licking her lips. She clenched the insides of her orifices hard and leaned forward. She looked back, watching as Helena's head flew up with a loud yelp, the edges of her pussy and ass stretching. Anne relaxed, then pulled forward again.

"St-St-Stop ... fuck ... you ... fucking tease!" squealed Helena. She quickly and suddenly moved forward, another pair of beads popping hard from her insides. 

"Ohhhh ... Helena-sweet ... so naughty and sexy to watch those beads get yanked from you ..." cooed Anne as she relaxed the muscles of her ass and pussy again. "Please ... help me get some more of these out ... "

Helena finally started to move after a few seconds, her insides burning, wanting, aching for more orgasmic bliss. Her eyes, glowing softly as she looked back to her beloved, she crawled forward slowly, and Anne did much the same. Seconds later, 2 more pairs of beads, dripping with fluids, soaking the carpet in cum, yanked forward from within them both. Helena panted, one hand flying to her breasts, jumping back and forth between the two huge orbs of flesh. The sinew in her legs was pulled so tight she couldn't even think of moving.

"Anne ... please ... can't take it .... "

The blonde looked back. "Please ... what?"

"It's too much ... " Slowly, Helena lifted one leg up and over, rolling onto her back, her powerful, creamy thighs spread wide, cum running down them in great rivers. Her trembling hands parted her labia, revealing her throbbing pussy. "Pull 'em out ... hard ... quick ... all at once ... "

"Oh my sweet lil slutling ... Hmmm ..." Anne took one strand each in her hands. "Hmmm ... the ones in your ass ... or the ones in your pussy? You did not say ... hmmmm ... such a decision ..." As she spoke, she gave playful lil yanks of each cord.

The lil tugs tortured the soft insides of her pussy and ass, causing the brunette to dig her fingernails into her labia. She pinched the folds violently hard, screaming, needing release beyond the playful torment of her beloved.

"I don't care! Yank 'em out, I WANNA CUM!!"

Those words alone, the anguished scream of her raging need almost brought Anne to climax. She turned till she was facing Helena in the same position, and gripping the cord tight, suddenly ripped three of the large beads from deep within Helena's ass. Helena nearly roared, arching her back completely from the floor as her hole raged with a burning pain that her body delighted in, the blazing agony searing through and straight into her pussy, causing another orgasm to rock her body, knocking her flat on her back as thick white cream seeped from her pussy around the balls stuffed inside. 

She stayed arched up for several seconds, gasping for breath. Anne gingerly crawled over to her lover's side, each motion jostling the beads still inside of her. As she reached Helena's side, she leaned in and crushed her lips with hard, tight kiss. She rose slightly, her free hand reaching to her pained, aching clit, squeezing it harshly between her fingertips. Anne's breathy whispers fell to Helena's lips.

"Ready or not ..."

She yanked the cord in Helena's pussy straight up, and the beads snapped out of her, 3 in rapid succession. As the last one left her, thick, heated cum poured from her corridor, squirting outwards a considerable distance. As Anne watched the orgasmic fountain of her lover, her fingertips crushed her clit, and her body pitched forward, an explosive orgasm rumbling through her pussy. She collapsed atop Helena's spasming body, gasping for air. She had just enough presence of mind to shift her aching body up and wrap her arms around the redhead, kissing her cheek and neck warmly, holding her till the spasms subsided.

Helena's head tilted back as her eyes fluttered open again. Her vision was loopy and blurry, but at last on the far wall a clock came into focus. It was nearly midnight. Suddenly, a familiar, hard musky scent filled her nostrils, and she tilted her head forward. Anne had straddled her chest, and that gorgeous, stone soild ass, the soaked, cum leaking pussy mere inches from her face. She felt a set of slender, warm fingertips come to rest on the heated outer edges of her pussy.

"No passing out on me, sexiness," said Anne, panting, her voice still full of sexually charged energy. "I haven't had a real orgasm yet!"

With that, Anne's wonderful mouth encircled Helena's delicious, violently twitching clit. Helena gritted her teeth to stop a scream, arching her hips up against the blonde's mouth. Anne merely obliged her and literally chewed at her clit with wild abandon. Helena strained to focus ... Anne knew she loved these sort of harsh sensations.
