 I cleaned up and freshened up in the ladies room. I took nearly an hour to regroup and fix my hair and make-up. After cumming twice, I was able to calm down a bit and have some semblance of self control. I looked in the mirror and felt confident that no one would be able to think me anything but professional. My grey suit jacket added the right sophistication to the white lace covered dress. I felt sharp and ready for closing the deal with LVMH and $48 Billion in assets were mine to manage.

I tried to focus on business and schmoozing the chauvinistic pricks that had greatly underestimated us, but feeling the air on my naked ass and pussy under the short flared skirt made it difficult. My mind turned back to Cynthia, twirling my panties on her finger and telling me they were hers now. 

Just like that, the feeling of control faded into oblivion as my pussy heated up again. How was I going to hold it together for a fashion show, dinner and whatever we had to do to entertain the misogynistic executive team from LVMH. "Your managing assets for Louis Vuitton and Christian Dior. Pull yourself together!" I said to myself. I took a quick look around to make sure no one snuck into the bathroom without me noticing. 

I jumped up and the skirt puffed up and out giving me a brief glimpse of my black muff. It was exhilarating and terrifying knowing I was one wind gust away from exposing myself to the world. When I returned to her office, Cynthia looked stunning sitting at her desk. She had put on an elaborate diamond neckless that culminated in a triangular cluster that pointed the way to the gap between her breasts. 

"You look beautiful Leasie." She said smiling. "Elegant but professional." 

She stood up and walked around her desk, leaned with her ass against the desk, palms on the desktop next to her hips and legs crossed. Come closer please. I stepped about two feet in front of her and melted into her blue eyes. Here golden layered hair hung about half way between her shoulders and breasts. 

She looked slightly disturbed and stepped closer, so we were nose to nose. "I need to check something." She bent at the knees touched my thighs just below my hemline and drug her fingertips up my thighs.

I took a deep gasping breath as I felt my skirt rising and her gently caress moving up and around my bare ass. I trembled as my heart raced and a jolt of warm wetness shot through my pussy.

"Just making sure I had access." She said moving her lips toward mine. 

My mouth opened to receive her kiss and suddenly, she dropped her hands and spun away. I swallowed hard trying to calm my heart rate and breathing. 

"Ms. Carmichael, you make it very hard to stay focused. But we have to get going. There's a limo down stairs. Do you have everything?" She opened her hand bag and looked in. After a second, she pulled my panties out of the bag and dangled them. "I do." She grinned.

I picked up my handbag, looked in and nodded. "Yes I'm ready to go."

We packed into a limo to the fashion show. I still could not believe how fast things were moving in my life. A few short weeks ago, I was moving to New York to start my career with the hopes of someday getting to work for Cynthia Liebert, and now I was in a limo in Paris, heading to a fashion show with none other than Cynthia Freakin' Liebert!

There were eight of us in the Limo including Stephon, the General Manager of European operations and two from sales and marketing, The Director of Finance and two Investment Managers for Europe. We sat in groups of four on two bench seats facing one another. There was champagne in buckets and the glasses were handed out. Stephon poured and toasted Cynthia and I.

"To the single biggest day in Company history." He raised a glass.

Cynthia, was sitting directly across from me on the end of the bench and Stephon sat to the left of Cynthia. Ten minutes in there was a lull in the discussion. Cynthia, crossed her legs and wiggled a foot between my shins. I glanced at her looking uncomfortable as her foot pressed against my lower leg and she tried to spread them apart. 

Stephon engaged in a conversation with the Finance Director which pulled his attention to the other end of the bench. Cynthia looked at me and subtly ran her tongue across her top lip causing me to comply with her foot and allow my legs to spread slightly. Her eyes widened as she starred at my skirt, which I took to mean she could see my exposed pussy.

The image of her face buried in my wet pussy sent a wave of hot moist electricity though my labia. Suddenly, I felt like I could smell the aroma of my tingling cunt, beginning to permeate the limo. I was unsure if it was my imagination or reality. I glanced around and no one seemed to notice. I tried to distract myself from my lustful thoughts, so I did not make my fear a reality. 

I also tried not to look at Cynthia, but the U-cut on the front of her dress revealed her breast just enough to draw my eyes and imagine connecting the dots of the scattered freckles. Even the freckles on her breasts turned me on. 

I noticed her eyes darting from the others to between my legs as her body slid down the seat to get a better view. I gave a quick scan of the others and closed my legs as I watched her eyes. She looked at me and raised both eyebrows and jutted out her chin with an expression that said, "No fair."

I quickly followed by spreading my legs dangerously wide while scanning the group. I looked back to a satisfied grin and a flush of warmth that flooded my lady parts. I felt like a fifteen year old girl flirting with her first guy and realized this could really lead to something new and exciting and I didn't want to stop. There were butterflies in my stomach and an energy that pulsed through me with each heart beat. 

I caught myself staring at her and turned to see Stephon looking my way. I closed my legs quickly and smiled. He smiled back.

"Thank you so much for helping Ms. Liebert to land LVMH. Amazing Job!. You are a natural. I want you to know we will do everything we can here at Team Europe, to support you and LVMH. Please, do not hesitate to ask for help. Russell and Maurice are at your service to travel with you at any time. It can help to have someone local and well travelled to assist you." He said with a smile.

I thought his eyes ticked downward, but I wasn't sure and, if so, he did it quickly. "Thank you Stephon. I think I will definitely take you up on your offer. I am new to world travel and having men of experience and knowledge as part of the team will be a great relief."

I was so pleased they made that offer. It never occurred to me that I would be traveling in so many new places by myself, not speaking the language. That could have been outright terrifying if I really thought about it. 

As we neared the fashion show, I caught a hint of Cynthia's perfume and it drew my attention to her. As I looked, she was looking at me intensely, causing my heart to skip a beat. Her eyes, the sharpness of her nose, her cheekbones, the shape of her neck and shoulders, all captivated my thoughts. I could not look away as it seemed she sensed my thoughts, of caressing her face as I kissed her neck and breathed in her scent. 

She smiled knowingly and then looked toward the group. "Russel, Maurice, I want you to clear your schedules and make sure one of you is with Ms. Carmichael at all times whenever she travels in Europe for the next month. Stephon and I will back you up at the other accounts as needed. Your commissions will reflect the added workload. I have a feeling she will be more than ready to fly solo in thirty days."

She turned toward me. "It's going to be a wild ride for the next few months Ms. Carmichael. I remember my first major assignment, It was exciting and terrifying at the same time. I envy you. But for now lets focus on tonight. We are in Paris, lets enjoy the sights, the sounds and the tastes! Tomorrow back to work!" She raised a glass. "To exploring new horizons."

The limo pulled over as we turned bottoms up. As we leaned forward to get up she whispered. "So much to explore."

I felt a tingle from her breath on my ear that shot straight to my exposed pussy. I loved it and hated it that she had such a powerful affect on me. The next several hours were a whirlwind. Cynthia and I split time with LVMH execs and Kering execs. It was a balancing act that I thought we handled well. The lines of social engagement in business are a lot more blurred in France than the US. 

Somehow not wearing panties, made me far more bold than I think I would have been otherwise. A few times I thought I had taken flirting too far with some of the old letches, but Cynthia would give me an encouraging nod or wink letting me know I was doing well. A few glasses of champagne in and I was feeling a bit buzzed and went to the ladies room. I splashed some cold water on my face and dabbed a little makeup. 

Cynthia, entered and glanced around, before stepping in behind me and pressing against we gently. "Ms. Carmichael, You continue to impress. You have those overblown ego maniacs eating out of your hand." She pressed closer and put her chin over my shoulder and whispered as her hungry eyes devoured me through the mirror. "I can't stop thinking about you." She brought my panties to her nose and breathed me in. "I want to kiss you all over..." She moved to my left shoulder and tickled my ear with her lips. "I want to drop to my knees and taste you..." 

I whimpered and closed my eyes as her hands slowly slid around my hips and down the front of my thighs. My pussy gushed with hot wetness, as her hands slid below my hem line to my bare thighs and then moves higher, pulling my dress up as they moved. I opened my eyes to see hers cutting through me in the mirror. My dress moved higher exposing more and more of me. I didn't care that someone could walk in. The feel of her warm soft hands touching me, exposing me was like no drug I could ever imagine. She pulled it up further exposing my engorged labia.

"Oh Leasie, there it is. I want to taste that pretty pink pussy so bad. I want to run my tongue ever so slowly between those hot little lips... You teased me with a taste from he table, but I need it straight from the source."

"Please." I sighed trembling from her touch. Each breath that passed over my ear, stent a deep tingle down my spine that was difficult to describe. It was an intense tickle that nearly caused my back and neck muscles to spasm. 

Her hands caressed my belly and slid down toward my inner thighs. I could feel her heart beat with her chest pressed against my back. "Leasie, (she took a deep breath.) I want you right here, right now."

"Take me Cynth..." There was a sudden burst of female laughter just outside the door. Cynthia's hands withdrew, my dress popped down and she spun instantly away as the door opened. It was Emma and Lena from our Investment Management Team. 

"Ladies, everything ok with our Clients?" Asked Cynthia calmly.

"Perfect." Replied Emma in her French accent.

"Great, Leasie, we should get back to them." She said as she exited.

I took a deep breath and followed, trying to look in control.

After the show, we had a dinner with the LVMH group, that was a truly European experience. It was an event that lasted over four hours. There was food and drink that was non-stop. Our jackets never left the limo. It was cleavage, flirtation, selling and manipulation. Cynthia was amazing to watch in her element. She had them all ogling, drooling and hanging on every word. 

I had to admit I enjoyed it for the most part until the VP of Human Resources, got way too handsy. I thought for second he was going to feel my naked ass under the table. I played it off comically, but grabbing his hand, spinning away and delivering a mock two cheek face slap.

"Sir, I do not know what kind of girl your think I am, but you may be right." I said in a Southern Lady's accent and grinned. 

His eyes widened with shock, but my grin put him at ease and he laughed, along with his colleague next to him. The rest of the room seemed oblivious, to crisis averted, even though my first instinct was to give the letch a real slap, business consequences be damned.

Finally dinner wrapped up around midnight and the clients had early meetings the next morning, so we did not need to entertain them further. It had been a very long day and I was relieved for the break. I had already had too much food and wine and fully anticipated partying into the night, so this was a pleasant surprise.

After bidding them au revoir, our team went their separate ways, leaving Cynthia and I to share a cab. I felt suddenly terribly nervous and shy like a young teenager alone with a boy for the first time. We had declared our intentions in writing in the meeting room that afternoon and despite the lustful encounter in the conference room the reality of the two of us being alone hit me like a freight train. 

My heart raced. I could not think of anything to say to start a conversation. I had never been romantic with a woman and a wave of anxiety rushed through me. We were only five minutes from the hotel and a cab pulled up. She got in first and I slid into the back seat after her.

I sat looking straight ahead paralyzed. After a long awkward silence, she reached a hand to my cheek and gently turned my head to look at her. I could sense anxiety in her eyes as well.

"Nervous?" She asked with a shy smile.

I put a hand on hers as she touched my cheek and nodded.

"Me too. This is new territory for both of us." She smiled warmly. "I promise you Ms. Carmichael, whatever happens will not affect our professional relationship. And as nervous as I am, I know one thing for certain. I want to explore a personal relationship with you more than anything."

Her words caused every nerve in my body to take notice. Her eyes held my gaze and my apprehension seemed to melt away as I placed my hand over hers against my cheek. I was leaning toward her oblivious to anything around me. She leaned in and our lips met. The warm softness was like nothing I had felt before. My body tingled and I let out a subtle sighing moan.

The kiss was nothing short of electrifying. It was a rush of warmth, the engulfed me completely. Heart rate, breathing, hormones, nerve endings all intensified. Our lips melted together and our tongues intertwined magically. Before I could begin to think about anything we had arrived at the hotel. The cabby, cleared his throat to get our attention. "We have arrived Mademoiselles." 

She slowly pulled away and looked at me with a mixture of fear and excitement. "Woooowwwww." She panted eyes wide. I could only nod in agreement. After a pause she continued. "Merci." She said and handed him some cash.

We slid out of the cab and walked quietly to the elevator. When the door closed, she looked at me longingly. "I am so nervous." She gasped. "I feel like a school girl at my first dance. I want you so bad Leasie, it scares me." I nodded terrified. "I really want this night to be perfect, so do you think maybe we could get showered and freshened up before..."

"Yes please, I'm in complete agreement. I can be ready in 20 minutes." I said relieved. 

"Twenty minutes it is." She said happily.

We rushed to our bedrooms and I jumped into the shower. I tried to move as quickly as possible. I washed and shaved at record speed. I dried off, combed and dried my hair, put on a touch of makeup, perfume and the hotel robe. It felt like maybe fifteen minutes so I felt confident I would be ahead of her. 

I stepped into my bedroom as she was entering from the common area. "Well, hello Ms. Cynthia, I was gonna get a little something on and come to your "bed chamber" as your suggested. What a pleasant surprise." I said staring at her untied robe. I could see her bare breasts trying to break free from the robe, but it seemed to cling magically to her nipples, keeping them covered, despite a three inch gap that ran all the way down the front of her robe. Unfortunately given her time of the month. She wore a pair of white cotton panties beneath the robe. 

"That's quite alright Leasie. That's a little something less I will need to take off." She slipped the robe off letting it fall to the floor. The outline of her neck and shoulders drew my eyes. I wanted to touch her and plant sweet kisses on her neck and feel her reaction. I made my way to the foot of the bed. "Now show me yours Leasie." Her voice was heavenly.

I pulled the tie string to the robe, pushed it off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. As it dropped, I had a sudden bout of self consciousness and covered my breasts with my arm.

She stood back looking at me with a look of confusion. "What's wrong sweetie, why would you cover yourself like that, you're so beautiful." 

It was hard to explain, but I had always been a bit self conscious of my breasts. I always felt like I had "missile tits". My areola to my nipples protruded at least and inch from my breasts. The profile was rather pointed compared to the movie tits. the side effect seemed to be my nipples were much more sensitive than most, and only seemed to add to my anxiety. "I have ugl... unique breasts." I said nervously

"Ms. Carmichael, let me assure you I think your tits are absolutely perfect. They are perfectly etched in my memory from our night in the hot tub. I would very much like it if you would move your arms and let me see them again." She smiled confidently. 

My heart fluttered and my anxieties melted away. Her eyes seemed to brighten as I exposed myself to her fully. She seemed to know how to press all of my buttons. The way she said the word tits tapped into the inner slut, I never really knew I had until I met her. When she called me slut in the conference room, It made me more excited than I can ever remember. I could never have imagined allowing anyone to talk to me like that. Anyone else and I would have been deeply offended and shut them down immediately. With her, I wanted it to be true. I wanted to be her slut and toss away any and all inhibition. 

"Beautiful Leasie, simply beautiful." Her eyes met mine. 

I stood frozen, taking in her shape, her full breasts and quarter sized subtle pink areola, her shapely hips and that sexy thigh gap beneath her white panties. Oh how I wanted those panties gone. 

She took one step toward me, looking hungrily into my eyes. She did not say a word, but slowly and deliberately took another step. I wanted to run toward her and kiss her hard, but remained still. Her eyes devoured me and I trembled uncontrollably in anticipation. Shew drew slowly closer, hips shifting with each step. Her cherry red lips glistened as they parted slightly. I could almost feel the heat radiating from her as she was now dangerously close. My nipples tingled at the at the touch of her breasts to mine. 

I stood paralyzed, allowing my mouth to open as hers approached. My head tilted as did hers and my eyes closed anticipating contact, but nothing happened. I could feel her breath on my chin and opened my eyes. She held position millimeters from my lips. "I feel those perfect nipples against mine, they are stiff Leasie, do I excite you?" 

I could only whimper as I moved in for the kiss, but she expertly withdrew keeping the torturous gap between us. "Do you want me to make love to you Leasie?"

"Yes Please Ms. Cynthia. I've been waiting all night." I pleaded, pussy hot and wet. I was proud of myself for remembering her instructions on how I was to refer to her. 

"This may take a while Leasie, I have so many fantasies to explore with you Ms. Carmichael." She inhaled slowly. "Luckily our only job tomorrow is prep for Wednesday, and I think we deserve a little R&R in the morning.

She leaned in barely touching lips for a fraction of a second and backed off, teasing me again. Finally, she brought her right hand to my cheek and pressed her lips to mine sending a wave of goosebumps over my body. Her breasts pressed more firmly against mine and her left hand gripped my right hip. I plunged my tongue eagerly into her mouth wrapping my arms around her. 
