 I should have known when I arrived that it wasn't going to be just another Saturday night gossip session or movie night. I could tell that Tania had already poured herself three or four generous glasses of red wine as soon as she welcomed me at her front door from the sweet, heady scent of grape on her breath as she kissed me hello, her lips stained messily dark like a kid playing with her big sister's make-up.

She took me by the hand and led me into her living room where she poured me a large glass of wine of my own as I hung up my coat, revealing the slinky black velvet dress I had chosen to wear. I drank down the wine gratefully, enjoying the smoothness on my tongue, the sweetness against my taste buds, the slight burn at the back of my throat. As I drank, Tania put on her favourite CD and began to sway to the soft music, her slender body moving lithely beneath her burgundy satin dress.

I stood and watched her for a moment before placing my now empty glass on the table and kicking off my heels to get more comfortable. I sank down into the plump cushions, arranging my perfectly straightened blonde hair over one shoulder as I lay back and stretched my long, smooth legs along the length of the sofa, wriggling my toes into the thick fabric. "Everything OK?" I asked finally.

"Hardly. I'm so fricking bored, Donna," she sighed, still dancing, her eyes half closed, her hands running through her long, tousled auburn-red hair as she moved. "Bored with my job, bored with my life, definitely bored with the men around here... I want to try new things. Have new experiences."

I laughed, reaching forward for one of the fancy chocolates on the table. "Is this where you tell me that you're quitting your job and moving to Outer Mongolia to take up goat-herding?"

Tania stopped dancing, becoming suddenly awkward. "Shit, I need more wine; I'm still way too sober for this." She refilled her glass and took a large swallow, fanning herself with her free hand.

Worried, I left the comfort of the sofa, crossed the room and took the wine glass from her, steadying her as she stumbled against me. Her body pressed into mine and I could feel her trembling. Her hazel eyes gazed deeply into my brown ones, as if searching for an answer to an unasked question. Her tongue probed softly at her lower lip and somehow fascinated I watched its path as it traced all the way around her mouth.

"Donna," she whispered, her voice wavering, "when I said I was bored of men... I hoped you'd get the hint. I want... I want to experience being with a woman, but I don't want it to be just anyone, I don't want to go to some club and pick up a stranger, I want it to be with someone I love and trust. I want it... to be with you."

If I said I wasn't shocked or surprised I'd be lying. It was the last thing I had expected to hear from my best friend. She wanted to have sex with a woman... with me? And she expected me to say yes?

"It's something I've been thinking about for a long time," Tania admitted, still holding me. I could feel her heart thumping against her ribs... I could also feel the hard nubs of her nipples poking me, the soft squash of her breasts against my own through the thin materials of our dresses. Despite myself I felt a shiver of excitement deep in my belly. "You can say no, and I won't be mad," she promised. "Or... we can try... stuff and then never talk about it again. It would be just one time." The hope in her voice almost killed me. My best friend was asking me for something that only I could give her, which she trusted only me with. How could I deny her that? What sort of a friend would I be if I couldn't give her the one thing she really wanted?

"I don't expect anything to happen tonight, if you're not ready," she continued, babbling slightly, "I just wanted to ask you and give you time to think about it. I've been trying to work up the nerve. Hence the wine." She blushed, making her look even more adorable than ever and my heart did a weird flip-flop thing. My friend was absolutely gorgeous and undeniably sexy, I had always thought that. Would it really be so hard to do this for her, just once?

"Tania," I whispered in her ear, letting my fingers tangle through her hair, "I love you; I would do anything for you. You know that."

"Even this?"

"Especially this," I nodded, and was surprised to find I rather meant it. The thought of it was quite exciting. Naughty, even.

"I love you too. You're the greatest friend anyone could have." Tania's voice was little more than warm breath against my cheek and I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand up, feel the goose bumps form on my flesh at the thought of deepening my intimacy with her. 

Silently we walked hand in hand to her bedroom, a place I had been hundreds of times before but never under the circumstances I was now about to enter it. My stomach rolled with nerves but I was tingling with anticipation, excitement and even a little bit of lust if I was honest. I hadn't had a boyfriend in forever, it had been a long time since anyone had touched me and I was aching for physical contact.

"Can I kiss you?" she asked nervously, her eyes focused on my lips as if willing me to say yes. I swallowed away my own nerves and took a bold step forward, closing the space between us, placing my forefinger on her plump, stained lips to hush her.

"Honey, I'm here for you tonight," I smiled, hopefully reassuringly, "I want you to do whatever you want to me. My body is yours."

She kissed the tip of my finger and giggled, her eyes brightening. "How are you so awesome?"

"Years of practice," I giggled back, the wine I had drank earlier finally beginning to take effect and making me feel pleasantly fuzzy. We walked towards the bed until the backs of my knees hit the mattress, where we stopped and just looked at each other, knowing that this was the moment when we either turned back, writing the whole thing off as a moment of madness or we went for it, whatever the consequences. I realised I didn't want to turn back. As I stared at Tania I saw something in her eyes change, the coy, nervous look was replaced with flashes of darkness and lust as her gaze travelled slowly up the length of my body, taking in every curve and dip as if mapping everywhere she wanted to touch.

"I'm going to worship you," she purred, pushing me backwards onto the pink cotton sheets. I gasped as her hands captured my waist as she leaned above me, her long hair trailing down and tickling my décolleté as she moved her body down to rest on top of mine. "You don't have to touch me if you don't want to," she promised, "but I swear I am going to make you feel so fucking good you won't know what's hit you."

Heat flooded my stomach immediately and I squirmed against the sheets in anticipation. Her mouth was only inches from mine, her eyes burning with passion now as they bore into me. "Please, please... touch me," I gasped, surprising myself. She had been the one who had asked for this, so why was I the one begging for it? 

She smiled wickedly before closing the gap between us, her lips meeting mine in an explosion of long repressed desire. Her skin was so smooth and soft as it brushed against mine, no hair or stubble to irritate me. She tasted sweet like wine and chocolate. She smelled like sunshine and the roses that grew in her garden. Her tongue twisted and duelled against my own, flicked against my teeth and lips before disappearing again as she broke to drop sucking kisses all along my chin, neck and the dip of my collarbones, her hands rolling gentle circles on my velveted waist. Her own satin-clad body slid easily over mine as we kissed, so I brought my hands up around her back to make sure she didn't slide off too much. If my hands roamed down towards her firm ass, well that was completely by accident.

"I'm going to take your dress off now, OK?"

I nodded; glad to catch my breath for a minute. My body was tingling, every nerve ending was at its most heightened state and my pussy was already wet, I could feel my underwear dampening between my legs. I lifted my ass off the bed enough for her to pull my dress up; exposing my black lace panties, then sat up and raised my arms so she could get rid of the dress completely. My matching black bra was nothing more than a scrap of lace and barely hid the hardness of my nipples trying to poke their way though. Tania eyed them appreciatively for a moment before taking my still-covered breasts in her hands and gently weighing them up, rolling the darkening pink nubs with her thumbs. "Beautiful," she said under her breath and I let out an involuntary groan as she experimentally pinched my right nipple. 

I lay back and watched as she shimmied out of her own dress, revealing a red satin thong and no bra. Her small but perfect breasts jiggled as she hopped out of the dress and climbed back on to the bed, her own dark brown nipples as hard as mine. I was suddenly struck with the urge to lick them, but was too nervous to say so.

She spent a long time kissing, sucking and licking at my exposed skin, her warm breath raising tiny hairs and scattering goose bumps everywhere she touched. She worked her way along my navel with achingly slow licks and kisses, travelling down towards my thighs, licking as close as the elastic of my underwear but maddeningly bypassing my pussy. She must have been aware of how aroused I was though, as she looked up at me from between my legs, raised an eyebrow and grinned. Then she made a slow erotic journey back up my body towards my waiting mouth for another amazing kiss.

"Underwear?" Tania asked finally, and I realised she was asking my permission to remove my underwear. I nodded again, my face flushing red with a mixture of nerves, excitement and embarrassment. What if she didn't like what she saw?

She reached behind me and undid my bra, leaning down to kiss and caress my breasts and nipples, giving one as much attention as the other. She seemed fascinated by them. My breasts were larger than her own, and she spent a long time just holding them, kneading them, suckling and biting at them, enjoying their heaviness and how they moved under her hands. This pleasurable torture was driving me crazy. Her slow exploration of my body was awaking my sexuality in ways I had never known, discovering erogenous zones that I never knew existed. I felt like I could almost cum from this alone, just from her playing with my breasts. But she had other ideas. She climbed off the bed and stood to slowly and teasingly pull down her thong. I had seen Tania naked before, we'd got changed together at the gym many times and she was always more open with her body than I ever was, but this was a totally different, completely surreal situation. Besides, instead of her usual wild tuft of auburn curls, she'd been waxed into a smooth landing strip with what seemed to be a completely bare labia. I wondered what the smoothness would feel like under my fingers... under my tongue.

Without hesitation she returned to the bed and tugged at my own panties. I felt a flush of embarrassment at the fact that I only shaved down there, and that to save time I just whipped everything off. Being naturally blonde meant I didn't have much stubble to worry about.

Tania inhaled sharply as she revealed me, and I sat up, wondering if she was OK. "I'm fine," she promised, "it's just that... Jesus, Donna, you're so beautiful. Look at you. So fucking edible."

I lay back and felt another rush of warmth flood my pussy. "So why don't you eat me then?" I offered, feeling suddenly bold.

Tania licked her lips hungrily and began kissing her way back down the length of my body as I stretched out, opening my legs wide to welcome her in. She kissed along my thighs again, only this time her fingertips were trailing over the swollen mound above my slit, as if working up the courage for the first touch. Finally I felt her briefly sweep over my lips. "Fuck me, you're so wet," she moaned. Her fingers returned to probe a little further as I tried not to writhe too much at her touch. At first she explored only the outside; rubbing her fingertips against the soft folds of pink, delicate skin, but once she built up her courage she let one finger slip inside my tight hole. I clenched against her and tried to pull her deeper. Another finger joined it while her thumb brushed over the hood of my clit, making me jolt at the contact. "Oh, you liked that," she smirked, brushing her thumb over the tiny bundle of nerves again, relishing the long moan that escaped from my lips as my entire pussy began to tingle and tighten.

I reached my hands up to play with my nipples as she finger-fucked me like that for a few minutes, I was already so close to the edge and I could feel every muscle in my body contracting as my orgasm grew closer, my pussy burned with the pressure of the now three fingers inside me, stretching me, rubbing me, my clit becoming engorged as she pressed her thumb over it in tiny circles, never breaking contact.

"I'm gonna cum!" I cried out, unable to stop my legs jerking off the bed as my orgasm hit me hard, my back arching as the pleasure overwhelmed me, my body spasming, the waves of delicious oblivion overtaking me for a minute until I started to finally come down, my legs twitching, my pussy still tingling and sparking in the aftermath. "Oh God, oh God, so fucking good," I groaned, still squeezing and grinding myself a little against the hand inside me.

Tania withdrew her drenched fingers and sucked them clean, one by one. I had thought it was the hottest thing I had ever seen until she repositioned herself between my legs and dipped those same fingers into her own pussy, making me redefine the meaning of the word hot.

I began to sit up, but she used her free hand to stop me. "Hey, where do you think you're going?" she pouted. "I didn't get to eat you yet." Still rubbing at her own clit she kneeled between my legs and achingly slowly ran her tongue along the crease of my inner thigh. "Hmm, I can see I'm going to have to lick this dirty girl clean first," she said, lapping at the juices still running down between my legs and into the crack of my ass. She licked at me until I was clean before it was time to make me dirty again, her tongue flicking expertly against my throbbing clit, occasionally stopping to probe deep into my soaking wet hole. As she was doing this I could see her from behind in the mirror on her wardrobe, bent over with her own legs spread, her fingers furiously working at her clit, the slick, slippery redness of her own needful pussy, the tight pink rosebud of her asshole. Watching her working herself and feeling her warm wet tongue on me was too much and without warning I exploded again, with Tania sucking hard on my clit the entire time almost to the point of being painful but still oh-so-fucking-good. She gave me a moment to catch my breath after the sheer intensity of how hard I came, then she sat up on the bed, resting her ass on her heels with her knees wide to give me a glorious view of that beautiful body as she continued to play with her clit. Her breasts bounced a little as she rode her fingers, moaning my name as the orgasm she desperately needed finally built beyond the point where she could control it. Impulsively I sat up and started mouthing at her erect nipples as she began to cum, nipping and tonguing at the puckered skin around the hardened nubs and sucking on the brown gems themselves as she screamed my name one final time before collapsing into my arms and onto the bed.

We lay there silently holding each other for what seemed like an hour, but in reality couldn't have been more than ten minutes. Eventually she broke the silence. "We're still OK, aren't we?"

I kissed her, then tenderly stroked some hair out of her eyes and smiled. "We're more than OK." She flashed me a huge smile of relief and snuggled into me a little more, my hand resting between us on her breast, her hand between my legs. Easy. Comfortable. Intimate. Best friends and so much more. What happened that night was unlike anything I'd ever experienced and I wanted it to happen again. And again and again and again........