 With her pert young breasts and long, tan legs, Amanda just seemed like the kind of girl you'd want to corrupt. She had an innocence to her that was enticing to everyone she met, but Tiffany imagined from the start that it masked a hidden wild side aching to be let out.

They'd become the best type of girlfriends, the casual kind with a relationship focused on boys and fashion, TV shows and tabloids. And despite the fact that they were both straight, Tiffany had always felt a kind of attraction between them, a spark that excited in her a sense of challenge. It was months before she even realized it herself — hell, maybe she didn't ever realize it fully until that day. That one day.

It started out innocently enough, lunch at a cafe and a cappuccino. The conversation floated between topics as both girls sipped their beverages and laughed. Finally, as it always did, the topic of men came up. 

"Well naturally I want a guy to love me," explained Amanda. "But I also just want someone who will throw me up against the wall and fuck me, you know? Can't I have both?!"

"Of course you can!" assured Tiffany.

"Someone who will bring out my wild side," she went on. Then she paused. She thought for a brief moment. "I don't know, I guess I'm not really the wild type. More of the cotton panties and tank top girl..."

She trailed off.

"Nothing wrong with that," smiled Tiffany, her mind flashing for a split second on an image of Amanda in white, cotton panties.

"I've never even worn lingerie!" 

The conversation stopped awkwardly as the waiter dropped off the check. He smiled at the girls as if he knew what they were talking about, and Amanda blushed. When he was finally gone and out of earshot, Tiffany made an offer.

"You know, I know a lot about that stuff. I'd be happy to talk you shopping. I mean, every girl should have an arsenal of lingerie for when the right time comes."

"Really?" Amanda's eyes lit up betraying more of her inner thoughts than she would have liked. The topic made her nervous, uncomfortable. But still, this might be a golden opportunity...

"You know, there's a Frederick's a few blocks from here," Tiffany suggested. "If you want to check it out, I'd be happy to help."

"Frederick's?!" Amanda said, giggling awkwardly, as her face turned bright pink. She thought for a moment, glancing around and avoiding eye contact, as if looking directly at Tiffany would reveal some deep, hidden secret she held. 

Tiffany reached out her hand and set it on Amanda's, which was resting on the table. Her soft fingers radiated a warmth, and Tiffany squeezed gently. 

"Come on, it'll be fun."

Finally, as if bursting out with a confession, Amanda blurted out, "Alright, let's do it!"

Broad smiles spread across both faces, and, as they got up to leave, they continued holding hands.

*********** 

When they walked into Frederick's ten minutes later, they could both feel the buzz of sexual electricity in the air. Amanda stopped as she reached the center of the store and stared, looking around in utter shock and amazement at the assortment of lingerie that lined the walls around her. For her part, Tiffany just enjoyed watching Amanda.

Finally, after more than a solid minute, she gave her some encouragement.

"Come on, let's pick some stuff out."

They ripped through the store, pulling dozens of items off racks. Amanda's mouth hung open for most of the spree as she bounced between shocked and excited as more and more skimpy, kinky lingerie was pulled from the racks. When they'd finally collected about a dozen items of interest, they made their way to the dressing rooms.

"You want me to wait out here?" asked Tiffany, attempting to be sensitive to her friend's uneasiness.

But Amanda was taken aback at the gesture.

"Of course not," she said. "I need SOMEONE'S opinion on these things. Gotta know what the gents will think." 

She smiled, and both girls headed into the hallway of dressing rooms.

For the next 30 minutes, Amanda put on a fashion show worthy of a late night Cinemax movie. She'd disappear behind the curtain only to emerge moments later in some new slutty attire.

The lingerie started simply enough, with push-up bras that Amanda's tiny, young breasts took full advantage of. The bras moved from satin to lace to animal prints, each one being paired with matching panties. Tiffany would look her over each time and give her opinion, marveling as the attire got smaller and smaller. Finally, Amanda emerged wearing a sheer white bra that her perky nipples poked directly into. Either it was really cold in that dressing room, or she was enjoying this. Tiffany eyes scanned down her firm, tight body and come to rest on the matching transparent micro panties that Amanda wore. Her first thought: "Who would've guessed that such an innocent girl would shave completely." 

She was ripped away from her thought by Amanda's question:

"What do you think?"

"Mmm," said Tiffany, nearly moaning. "I like! Let's see a spin."

She turned 360 giving Tiffany her first view of Amanda's perfect ass, the little thong pulled up as tight as it could go. 

"Definitely buy that!" said Tiffany. A shudder of electricity flowed through her body that she didn't quite understand. She was definitely feeling aroused, mesmerized by the sight of her friend. Amanda just continued to smile, though, as she made her way back through the curtain to change.

"There's one more thing I want to try," she called out. "I may need help getting it on, though."

She barely got the sentence out before Tiffany was on her feet.

"No problem."

"I just need you to tie this in the back for me."

Tiffany deftly slid the curtain over to enter the changing room. Inside, Amanda had one foot up on the dressing room bench as she put on one of the most odd, intricate teddies she'd ever seen.

It was pale blue and made entirely of lace with a belt that went around Amanda's waist. The front was a sort of a bustier that pushed up her breasts so they stood at attention, but the bottom of it ended near her belly button in just two thin strings that left her bare pussy completely exposed. She'd already run the strings between her legs and needed Tiffany to tie them to the belt in the back, a feat that was accomplished in no time.

She spun around to face Tiff.

"I don't think it's on right. These strings seems so weird."

After a moment of hesitation, Tiffany reached down to make an adjustment even though she knew Amanda was wearing the teddy correctly. As she did, her finger brushed across the perfect pussy held between the strings, and Amanda shuddered and moaned. Tiffany couldn't believe it, but her finger was wet — Amanda was dripping with excitement from this experience.

There was a long pause as the girls just stared at each other. Then, without another word, Tiffany leaned forward and pushed her tongue into Amanda's mouth. Amanda whimpered as they kissed deeply for several seconds, finally pulling away.

"Wait," she said, breathlessly. "I can't do this. I'm straight."

Tiffany looked at her and smiled gently. 

"So am I."

Amanda laughed awkwardly before Tiffany went on.

"But you're so wet right now. And you know what?" she said, taking Amanda's hand and pushing it down the front of her own pants. "So am I!"

Amanda immediately felt that her panties had been soaked through and she moaned again. Tiffany just laughed as her hand reached up to caress the side of her friend's face before she leaned in and began kissing her again.

They both quickly succumbed to the feelings, their tongues dancing around in each others' mouths. Tiffany quickly moved her hand back up between Amanda's legs and slowly pushed one finger up into her now gleaming pussy. They continued to make out as she finger fucked Amanda, moving quickly to two and then three fingers. 

It only took 5 minutes for Amanda to convulse in a massive orgasm, her toes curling beneath her as she bit down on her own lip to avoid making too much noise. Tiffany laughed breathlessly, amazed that she'd just made a girl cum. Before she could fully appreciate what she'd done, though, Amanda was on her knees, pulling down Tiff's pants and lapping away at her soaked panties.

Tiffany quickly pulled them to the side, and Amanda's tongue began to dance across her clit. She closed her eyes and threw her head back as this beautiful girl tongue-fucked her against the wall of the dressing room. 

"She couldn't possible be so innocent — she must have done this before!" though Tiff. "There's no way a novice could be this good."

But she was that good, and Amanda's tongue licked deeper and faster and deeper and faster until Tiffany was riding her face. Finally, after nibbling a bit on her sopping wet pussy lips, Amanda took Tiffany's clit all the way into her mouth and sucked deeply, sending her into a spastic orgasm that nearly took down the curtain of the dressing room.

The two collapsed in a heap on the bench, shuddering and shivering in ecstasy.

"Wow!" they both breathed, simultaneously.

The looked at each other for a long time, silent and unsure of what to say. Finally, to break the awkward silence, Amanda made what she thought was a joke.

"That was fantastic. You know what the only thing missing was? A huge cock!"

Both girls laughed out loud. Then, Tiffany had a thought. She wasn't sure if she should go there, how Amanda would react, but it seemed like a good idea and she didn't know what else to say.

"You know, you're right! Let's buy all this shit and go home and surprise Tim."

She looked down at Amanda, laying beneath her, and was relieved to see a smile spread across her lips.

"Yeah," said her friend, "Let's do it!"