 It was the first day of classes at the community college. Seemed like I almost never had a class with someone I recognized from another class, either this semester or the one before. There I was, in Drawing 101 and I didn't recognize a single face. I looked around, picked an empty seat behind an easel near the door and sat down. 

A pretty girl with long curly brown hair held back in a clasp looked up and smiled. "Hi, I'm Alison, Allie for short."

"Hi." I returned her smile. "I'm Nicole."

Class started and we didn't really have a chance to chat while the teacher lectured about various tools and techniques we would learn about in her class. It was a three-hour class once a week so the teacher sent us for a break half way through. We would have the chance to play with our new tools afterwards. I went outside with Allie. 

We sat down on the edge of the porch and she pulled out a pack of cigarettes. She held it out in offer but I declined. 

"A wise decision," she said. "I need to try to quit again but I'll be an utter bitch for a while and I just don't want to deal with it right now."

"Luckily, I never gave it a try and I figure I'm old enough to know better than to start at this point," I replied.

She lit one and took a drag, blowing smoke out of the side of her mouth and crossed her legs. There was something about her. I couldn't quite put my finger on it. It danced on the edge of my brain like something tantalizingly familiar.

I reached into my backpack and pulled out a caramel cream pudding cup and a spoon.

"Oooo, pudding?" Allie's eyes danced.  "I adore pudding."

I had to smile at that. I reached into the bag and pulled out a second pudding cup and held it out to her. "I have an extra, but I don't have a second spoon."

"Cool! Thanks. I don't need no stinking spoon." She set her cigarette aside on the edge of the porch, ripped off the lid of the pudding, and proceeded to lick the surface. 

I opened my own and stuck in the spoon. As I ate, I couldn't seem to stop looking back at her, her tongue licking layers of the creamy substance out of the cup. Just the tip of her tongue skimmed the surface at first. Then she dipped her tongue in and pulled it out, coated with the creamy concoction and closed her mouth to savor it. She smiled with her eyes closed, as if in bliss then opened her them and caught me watching. She grinned.

"I love cream, of any kind. If I didn't smoke, I'd weigh a thousand pounds, I swear."

I looked down ruefully at the cup in my hand. "I need to lay off myself. I'm getting fat."

"Oh, puh-leeeeease. You are not. You, my dear, are perfect. Your lover needs a little something to hold on to." She winked at me and took another swipe at her pudding cup with the broad of her tongue and I noticed the stud for the first time. 

It caught my eye like a magpie. I wondered what it would be like to kiss her, knowing that was in her mouth. I laughed out loud, a little shocked at what had just run across my brain.

"What?" Allie quirked an eyebrow at me. 

"Nothing," I shook my head. 

"Oh, come on, what? It had to be something to make you laugh like that." 

"Just... my last boyfriend had complained about my hips, called 'em tree trunks, hence he is no longer my boyfriend." I lied, not wanting to admit what I'd really been thinking. She'd think I was nuts or something.

Allie rolled her eyes. "Men." 

"Yeah," I nodded and thought of a song I'd heard on a Country oldies morning. "Can't live with 'em and you just can't kill 'em."

Allie gave a short laugh. "Yeah, that might get you in a little trouble."

"At least it's not all men. I mean, what would the alternative be?"

"Oh, there's other ways to have a good orgasm." 

"Yeah, but toys? I mean, that just sounds so... lonely."

"No silly, other women. Lovely... soft... women." Allie dipped her tongue into her pudding cup again and I suddenly got a picture of me lying back, naked, with my legs spread and her face poised over my wet cunt, her tongue about to delve into my own cream. 

"Oh, well, yes, I suppose so." I could feel my face coloring at the picture that wouldn't leave my brain now that she'd brought it up.

Allie laughed and flicked her hair back. "Does that bother you? That I'm gay?"

"No," I said quickly. "Honestly, it doesn't bother me at all." 

She eyed me as she licked the sides of the pudding cup.

"And yet, you're blushing something furious." 

The students at the other end of the porch got up and hurried inside so I glanced at my watch. Saved by the proverbial bell.

"Whoops! We were supposed to be back in there three minutes ago." I got up and smiled down at Allie. "Coming?"

"Eventually," she replied, a little smile playing around her lips. She crushed out her cigarette and stuck it in her pudding cup, tossed them into the nearby garbage and stood. 

I waited and we walked back into class. The teacher had draped a sheet over a number of objects sitting on a giant block and written instructions on the board that she pointed out. We were to work on using different mediums to draw the contour lines we could see in the objects. 

Allie and I chatting lightly as we worked but at the end of the class she stopped me before we walked out. She was stood right in front of me and spoke in a low voice that made me hold my breath.

"Listen, I'm sorry if I embarrassed you earlier. How about dinner tonight? My treat, no strings attached."

I nodded. "Sounds good."

She held out a slip of paper that I took.

"My address, she explained. It's right up the road on the right hand side. Seven o'clock."

"Okay. I'll be there." I smiled shyly.

She looked into my eyes and then smiled. "Good. See you then."

