 Author's Note: This story was created as part of a much larger story that takes place sometime in the past about a girl who develops a relationship with her gym teacher in high school. If conventionally unattractive (butch) women and large age differences are not your thing, please skip this story. 

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. All characters are 18 and over...Enjoy!

**********

I must have dozed off after leaving the Emmerson Community Center with my gym teacher, Miss Treadway. There was a lull that lasted maybe a couple of minutes as I rubbed my eyes and tried my best to get my bearings. I looked around the interior of the car. Even though it was still very dark outside, I knew we'd arrived at Miss Treadway's house.

The house is lovely, respectable, and prim. Not quite the sort of house anyone would guess that a woman like Miss Treadway owned. It is a two story Victorian with a large attic and a wrap-around porch. The recently mowed lawn sported a row of newly planted flowers that lined the driveway on one side. I noticed soft golden lamplight casting a warm glow through the drawn curtains of the living room as the car pulled into the driveway.

Neither one of us spoke as we exited the car. Miss Treadway took me firmly by the arm and led me towards the back door of the house. For what seemed like an eternity, but was probably no more than a minute or so, we stood in the kitchen not talking. I felt my face getting hot. I could sense the sexual tension building quickly between us. Miss Treadway suddenly broke the awkward silence.

"You know, since you became my student assistant last year...I've struggled with my feelings about getting close to you. I've prayed many times about it, and asked the Lord to guide me because...I thought you were much too young..."

Miss Treadway drew me closer to her. I tried to turn away.

"Let's have a seat...shall we?" She said.

We went to the living room. Right away, I noticed that Miss Treadway must have been sitting there on the sofa earlier in the day reading a book. I don't remember the title of the book. It was something about same-sex couples and affirming scriptures. I know that I've never seen any books like it before in my life. I figure it must be one she'd gotten from that church she belongs to...no wonder everyone at school thinks she and Miss Larsson are nutty! She grabbed the book up and set it on a side table next to a pair of pottery owls roosting silently underneath the lamp. 

"Ciara...I dreamed of someday getting a chance to hold you in my arms and kiss you." She said. She was starting to look a bit flustered. "But after you graduated—after college or something...I didn't really plan on things happening so suddenly. But I know that God has brought us together for a reason..."

My heart was pounding violently now. I thought that my teacher could hear it too. She gently grasped my chin and turned my head to meet her admiring gaze. Her eyes were half-closed in a sort of drunken expression. Her thin lips were visibly trembling.

"I never dreamed in all my years of teaching that I would meet such a bright and intelligent girl...and so very, very beautiful..."

Miss Treadway kissed me deeply. Her mouth gently sucked at my lips, biting here and there. When I felt her tongue push its way into my mouth, I thought I tasted the bitter remnants of wine. I thought that was strange, because as far as I know, Miss Treadway always had a very strong opinion against drinking. But then memories of the church and the party from earlier flooded my mind. Did Miss Treadway drink any of the punch before bringing me to the community center? It sure seemed like she was driven by some sort of unusual courage—liquid or otherwise!

By now, I should be past being stunned at the idea of making out with my teacher, but the shock was as real and overwhelming as the first time we kissed towards the end of the last school year. I could feel Miss Treadway's hot breath in my ear and it caused me to shudder. Her next words sent me reeling. I thought I was going to black out!

"This is not easy for me to say, Ciara..."

Miss Treadway looked very anxious now. She was beginning to stammer, and her face was twitching a little. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought she had some kind of serious affliction! 

"I am in love with you. Oh, dear...everything is happening so fast, and I don't want to scare you, but...God does not ask me to choose between my faith in him and true love. I guess that the heart just wants what it wants...and it wants you."

She was blushing now. She held both of my hands in hers, and was squeezing them tenderly. It was so sweet. Miss Treadway still looked really flustered. She swallowed hard before continuing:

"That boy—Jason Pope...did you mean what you told me earlier, Ciara?"

"I was afraid that Bobbie would find out about us." I said. "I couldn't stand it if we both got caught...I mean...they fired Coach Stalcup!"

"So you won't see him again?" Miss Treadway asked. "And you promise to be mine exclusively from now on...no more boys?"

I detected a strange sort of tone to her voice; like cautious optimism. I know all too well that it isn't easy for Miss Treadway to ask me something like that. She usually is very sharp and direct; she never stammers like this! I leaned over and planted a soft kiss on her flushed cheek.

"I love you, Carol Jean. No more boys." I whispered. "I promise."

Miss Treadway took her glasses off, and set them aside. I knew what was coming next. She caressed my face while softly uttering words of love before kissing me again. Her strong hands clasped my shoulders, and slid down my arms while she pressed her moistened lips against my neck in a series of hot ardent kisses. Her voice came soft and guttural in my ear. It sent a smoldering wave of erotic sensation throughout my body.

"Shall we go upstairs, sweetheart?"

Miss Treadway didn't wait for a reaction from me. She put her arm around me, and led me upstairs to her bedroom. When we got there, I noticed that the expression on her face turned deadly; her dark eyes meant business. I am giddy. I can feel my body beginning to quiver in anticipation of whatever might come next.

My gym teacher leaned into me, her taut middle-aged body pressed firmly against mine. She whispered directly into my ear, sending an electric shockwave of goose bumps to prickle my skin:

"Are you ready, sweetheart?"

The older woman's thin lips tickled the cartilage of my upper ear. She gently gathered my hair in her hand, moving it over my shoulder. More goosebumps prickled my skin as my teacher's heated breath blankets the nape of my neck.

"It's time." Miss Treadway's voice was positively seething. "Just relax, sweetheart. I am going to take you. I am going to make the spirit wash over you, my beloved...then you will really be mine."

We were sitting on the edge of the bed now. Miss Treadway was kissing my neck very slowly, paying extra attention to the space just below my ear. Her soft, somewhat masculine sounding voice prickled my skin, and made me shudder. I don't know why, but it actually took me a few minutes to fully realize what she was saying she wanted to do.

As she started undressing me, she explained that what she wanted to do was something very special. She said that only two people who God had chosen to bring together can share this. She said that I needed to trust her. The other kids at school were right! Miss Treadway is totally nuts! But I guess that means that I must be nuts too. My mind was totally giving in to the intense thrill of doing something so taboo! I wanted this so much! I realized then, that I trusted my gym teacher more than any of my friends.

Miss Treadway told me to stay on the bed and wait for her. Before she left the room, she got into bed with me. She held my naked body against hers. I felt so vulnerable; it felt so naughty and sexy and exhilarating. My body made a startling undulation when I felt my teacher pressing her lips to my breasts. She brushed her mouth across my nipple, and lingered for a few minutes of gentle suckling. I thought I was going to pass out. Her teasing was driving me insane! At last she stopped. She looked directly into my eyes as she caressed my face.

"I'm going to leave the room for a few minutes," Miss Treadway said. "You stay right here."

When Miss Treadway left, I could hear that she'd gone into another room; one of the spare bedrooms or the bathroom. For a few minutes, I heard the sounds of drawers being pulled out, and unseen things being rustled and disturbed. I buried my head in one of the pillows, and savored a clean floral-spicy scent clinging to the fabric. I clutched one of the pillows to my chest once I heard the sound of urgent footfalls returning. I kept my eyes closed at first. I could hear the quiet sound of something being opened and set on the nightstand. I heard Miss Treadway speaking softly to me:

"Lay on your back against the pillows, dear."

When I opened my eyes to reposition myself, I was so shocked, so literally blown away, I started to cry. What I saw burned a frightening indelible image in my mind that I've never been able to forget!

My entire body shuddered in a strange mixture of revulsion and desire. Miss Treadway quickly started undressing. She had what looked like a men's jock strap with her. It was black with buckles on the sides of the waistband, and there was something that looked like padding on the leg straps. Once she was out of her clothes, she proceeded to step into this strange jock strap, and fasten the buckles at her slender waist with shaking hands. But it wasn't the sight of my naked gym teacher, or the strange jock strap that filled me with such outrageous shame and lust. It was the fact that she was now fitting this ugly, stiff flesh colored cock into the harness—a dildo!

I watched in frozen terror as she reached for a tube of lubricant on the nightstand. She took a small amount of the viscous liquid, and coated the shaft of the dildo with it. My ears burned red hot when I heard her passionate sighs filling the space of the room. I cried out in fear when she took a little more lubricant, and began rubbing it around my vaginal lips and clitoris as though she was teasing me. I was positively shaking in fear now. I could feel my teacher's slippery, somewhat calloused fingertips grazing against my vaginal opening. Her fingers pressed against it without penetrating until I shrieked with pain and humiliation the moment I felt her finger plunge inside me.

"Aaugh! That hurts!"

"You must hold fast to me from now on." She said. "The bible tells us that marriage should be held in honor, and the two will become one flesh."

By now, my knees were quaking, and my eyes welled up with fresh tears while Miss Treadway slowly eased a second finger inside me. I felt her push her thumb against my clitoris while she slowly tried to stretch me open. I knew what she wanted to do. It's not like I've never had sexual intercourse before, but I was not prepared for this at all! This seemed so intimate, base, and even a little dark. I never wanted to believe the possibility of my gym teacher having a dildo! For a fleeting second, I wondered where she even got it...or if she had ever used it on herself.

"Carol Jean...I'm not sure I'm ready for this!"

"Sssh!"

Miss Treadway was over me now. She grasped my hips roughly to position me the way she wanted. I could feel her hot bare flesh, and the long stiff solid rubber mass that bumped rudely against my slippery sex, and slid up across my pubic bone. Oh God, I thought. That monster! She'll kill me, I just know it!

"Carol...no!"

"Be quiet!" Miss Treadway snapped. She was using her teacher voice now. "I...prefer the missionary position..."

I felt a tumultuous wave of sensation throbbing over my slippery wet pussy. I could feel myself gaping with silent invitation down there. Who was I kidding? I wanted her inside me. I wanted her to be my only lover, my spouse. I wanted nothing more than to be her wife, even though I knew that it wasn't really possible. It's pretty common knowledge around North Haskell that Miss Treadway and Miss Larsson are both lesbians. You just didn't talk about it. Ever. As far as everybody knows, they both are just a couple of nutty old Christian women. They just dedicated their entire lives to teaching and coaching. There was no time left for dating anyone. Miss Treadway was barely concealing her arousal by now. It seemed as if my apprehension fueled her excitement.

"...then I can look at your pretty face while I take you..."

I knew that she wanted to make me malleable and docile. She wanted me totally susceptible to her whims. I knew it would piss Amy and Bobbie off if they were to ever find out. They'd run around telling the whole school that I'm a lesbian and a Christian whack job just like Miss Treadway! Nobody would ever speak to me again...but I guess that shouldn't matter too much anymore. In just a few short weeks, I will be graduating. I'll be attending Blake College in the fall, and my friends will be moving on with their own lives. At the moment, I didn't really care anymore if anyone found out about us. I was pretty scared though; more than I've ever been in my life. I was crying harder now, and it made my body shake visibly. Miss Treadway looked positively delighted.

"This might hurt a little, kiddo."

My teacher whispered ravenously. The tip of her dildo felt enormous to me as I felt it slide against my clitoris. Suddenly, a loud consternate gasp escaped my lips when I felt that obscene tool plunge deep inside me. She buried it to the root so I could feel the heated leather straps of her harness, and her pelvis grinding against my pubic bone. I thought I was going to vomit any second!

The bedroom was filled with my loud sobbing and occasional involuntary gasps for breath. Riots of sharp sickening erotic pain tore through me. I've never felt anything like this in my life! It felt like my teacher was tearing me apart! Occasionally, Miss Treadway looked up from her deliberate rhythmic thrusting. She looked pensive and somewhat cold. Her actions were eerily quiet, and almost clinical. Eventually, I was able to relax a little and not worry about puking all over myself from the pain. My body was quickly growing accustomed to her systematic thrusts. I strained my hips against her to open wider. I offered myself to my teacher, but at the same time, I shrieked and sobbed in a mind numbing mixture of exquisite pleasure and pain.

I was grasping at Miss Treadway now. I wanted her so bad! I begged her to take me harder ,and she obliged. With each cruel jab of that dildo, I felt Miss Treadway grinding it willfully into the depths of my already aching womb. This continued for what seemed like several more minutes before I felt the terrifying intense shockwaves of an orgasm tear through my lower half. I could hear my own hysterical cries filling the bedroom. Miss Treadway was biting her lower lip as she slowed her thrusting to a stop. When she pulled out, the dildo left a slimy trail of mucous and blood in its wake.

I responded with an involuntary howl. For the longest time, I saw nothing but darkness and pain and loss. Every pleasure receptor in my brain was working overdrive, and still my mind could not process it all. It was too much pleasure for my brain and body to handle; I blacked out. When I woke, Miss Treadway's face filled my blurry field of vision.

"Easy, sweetheart." She said softly. "Lay back down. Try not to move so much."

I tried sitting, but after a few seconds, I fell back on one elbow. Miss Treadway caressed my thighs gently, and urged me to lie back down. That was when I noticed the faint rusty streaks on the sheets under me. Miss Treadway was pulling off the harness; she separated the dildo from it, and I saw a couple streaks of fresh blood on her hands and thighs.

"Oh, God...what-what happened?" I asked. My voice was shaking.

Miss Treadway didn't look the least bit concerned.

"Is this your first time?" She asked. Her voice was a bit softer than usual.

"No. I...dated this guy, Ian. He was in Mr. Beebe's class with me...it was sophomore year..."

Suddenly, I wanted to run away and hide, although I wasn't sure where I'd go without my clothes. I didn't want to look at my teacher, I was so embarrassed! She pushed me back against the mattress when I tried to scramble off the bed. In a gentle voice, she tried to reassure me that everything was okay.

"Don't worry, Ciara. I have a towel here. It happens at least a few times to young ladies who are inexperienced...then your body becomes used to it."

She used the towel to gently clean the aching space between my legs. It was warm and wet. I figured she must have soaked a part of it in the bathroom when I blacked out. I asked her how she knew so much about stuff like that, her being a Christian and all. Miss Treadway favored me with a wry sort of smile and said:

"I used to teach health and hygiene many years ago...before you were born."

By now, I was sure I was in love with her. I was never more certain of anything else in my whole life!

"I love you, Carol Jean," I told her in a shaking voice. "I want to belong to you!"

Miss Treadway was on top of me now. She was kissing my mouth and neck; her svelte body was grinding against me.

"Oh, honey...you do belong to me...from now on." She paused between kisses for added emphasis. "God has given you to me and I will protect what is mine!"

Miss Treadway was grinding harder now, almost bucking against me. Her urgent kisses came faster, almost violent. Each sharp breath she drew punctuated her arousal. Her next whispered words almost gave me a heart attack:

"Fuck me, Ciara..."

This simple invective smarted my eardrum as though a firecracker exploded next to my face! Was that my gym teacher, Miss Treadway...swearing? I usually take it for granted when my friends and I swear at school, but this just sent me into a tailspin of utter shock! At first, the words went right through me. In hindsight, I know I was pretending I didn't hear anything at all!

One time, Miss Treadway slammed this kid, Blake Edwards, against the wall in the main gym. The incident actually became a school legend for several weeks afterward. Blake was in Coach Stalcup's class, and he was horsing around with some of the other guys, and Miss Treadway heard him call one of them an asswipe.

According to the guys who saw it, Miss Treadway was just walking through on her way to the girls' PE office when she heard what Blake said, and totally blew a gasket. It took Coach Stalcup and Mrs. McBride to get her to calm down and back off! If it had been one of the younger teachers, they'd have been fired, but nothing ever happened to Miss Treadway. She was one of the most respected teachers at North Haskell—practically a celebrity! Blake ended up getting a detention for swearing in front of a teacher. I didn't think it was fair when I heard about it, because Coach Stalcup is such a hothead. He swears at his students all the time! What did they expect? I also remember that a lot of us were very careful about what we said within Miss Treadway's earshot from then on.

I was starting to feel sweaty and uncomfortable, even though the house was air conditioned. I tried to push my teacher away, but she continued to invade my space. She was grinding on me so hard, and kissing so violently, that I yelped in pain. She didn't seem to notice or care.

"Fuck me, sweetheart...please...I want you!"

"What?"

I didn't care that I sounded shocked. My head was swimming as I tried to process her desperate plea. Miss Treadway always acted so haughty, so professional, and so...proper. This couldn't be real! What I heard from my teacher was just so atrocious, so...hot! I shivered for a second because I felt myself getting wet again.
