 For the rest of the afternoon, Veronica made sure she drank plenty of water in preparation for that evening. She wondered if any of the other members of the Pussy Club, apart from Jessica, liked golden showers and water sports; perhaps all of them did, or perhaps none of them - maybe this was a test to see just what she would be willing to do or how committed she was to becoming a member of the Pussy Club.

She also had to wonder if golden showers were the most kinky thing the Pussy Club girls were into or if any of them were into the S&M scene. She hoped none of them were - it was not something she had ever been into; she couldn't see the attraction of being dominated or hurt. One thing that she did not like, was the thought of one person being in control of another - she valued her independence and free will. Though if any of the girls were into S&M, then she was sure that Harriet would have mentioned it by now.

By the time college was over for the day, Veronica was starting to get desperate for a piss - she just hoped that once they were all at Amelia's house, she wouldn't have to wait too long for the initiation ceremony to start.

On the drive to the house, Harriet regaled Veronica with tales of her exploits in the Pussy Club. She told her of the time she'd had so many of the girls suddenly want to fuck her at one orgy that she'd cum till she passed out.

Then there was another time when she and Amelia had spent almost an entire session double fucking a girl, called Sam, with strapons - Harriet had pounded her pussy while Amelia reamed it up her ass.

She also fondly remembered the time they had covered each other in chocolate sauce as they fucked and had made an awful mess, the orgy had ended with the lot of them squeezing into a shower in groups of three.

As they drove up to the house, Veronica stared out the windshield at Amelia's house - her parents were obviously rich, for the house was enormous.

Upon entering the grand, lavishly decorated house, they discovered some of the Pussy Club girls were already there. Amelia, Jessica and Liz were awaiting them, as well as a girl Veronica only knew by sight; she was skinny, with long dark hair and brown eyes - she was clad all in black and wore dark makeup. She was sat at a grand piano that stood in front of the large, double doors that led out onto a patio.

She was playing a tune that Veronica was unfamiliar with and soon began to sing too, "You did the trick - I didn't see it coming, I did not hear a sound. Though you were quick, I won't be forgiving..."

When they entered the room, Amelia hurried up to them and kissed them on both cheeks in greeting. "Veronica this is Jessica, Jess this is Veronica."

The redhead looked at the girl who was going to piss on her pussy - she was a fairly pretty girl with mousy hair that reached her chin, small breasts (it didn't look like she was wearing a bra) and a rounded ass.

"You've already met Liz, I think, and our pianist is Rose."

Veronica had to wait ten agonising minutes for the other girls to arrive, she kept her legs pressed together and kept squirming - she was so desperate to pee that she was close to wetting herself then and there.

Eventually the last six girls arrived and Amelia made the introductions - Francesca, Maggie, Rebecca, Ellie, Tara and Vicki. All the girls greeted each other with kisses and quick gropes, before they headed upstairs.

They split off into two groups, heading to two separate rooms to undress; Veronica made sure she stuck with Harriet as she entered a bedroom with Vicki, Francesca, Rebecca and Rose. She was a little nervous about stripping off in front of so many other girls, but seeing as this was about to become an orgy, she should get used to it.

The other five girls were stripping off with impunity, so used they were to this. Doing her best to hide her nerves, Veronica began to take her clothes off too, merely listening to the other girls as they outlined what they planned to do and have done to them.

"You are so sexy, Veronica," Rose said, admiring her now naked body. "I'd like to get my hands on your gorgeous tits as soon as possible."

"You wait till you get your lips 'round' her clit," Harriet said, with a grin and the redhead went a little pink. "Come on, lets get into that bathroom, before Veronica pisses on the carpet."

The petite blonde put an arm round Veronica, her hand going to her ass, and guided her out of the room. They left the bedroom at almost the exact same time as the other six girls, from the other room, and the twelve of them filed into the large bathroom, which seemed excessively large and was gleamingly white.

"I think it's best if you step into the bath," Amelia said, pushing the bathroom door to, behind her.

Veronica stepped into the bath and turned to face the other girls as they arranged themselves around the room, they were lucky it was so large otherwise they would never have all fit in. She was not surprised to see Jessica seated on the floor in front of the bath.

Leaning her back against the cold tiles, the redhead spread her legs and bent them a little; she parted her pussy lips and did her best to relax and let her pee start flowing.

It was not easy - Veronica had never peed in the bath before, let alone in front of eleven other girls, but she was so desperate for a piss that she soon started pissing.

Jessica let out a little groan as the pale, golden stream arced from the redhead's pussy and spattered against the inside edge of the bath.

It felt such a relief to finally be taking a pee that Veronica rested her head against the wall and half closed her eyes. She could 'feel' eleven pairs of eyes glued to her crotch as her piss rained down into the bath.

She could hear someone breathing slightly more heavily and when she looked down she saw Jessica masturbating furiously, her eyes locked on the pissing pussy in front of her. She reached a shuddering orgasm moments after Veronica finished pissing.

Removing her fingers from her pussy, Jessica got up off the bathroom floor and held a hand out to Veronica; as the redhead stepped out of the bath, the other girl said, "Now its my turn."

Steering her towards the toilet, Jessica sat Veronica on the seat and spread her legs as wide as possible, exposing her pussy to the other girls properly for the first time.

As many of the girls clustered round the toilet as possible, as Jessica stood between Veronica's legs. She bent her knees a little and spread her lips; seconds later a strong stream of piss arced from her and rained down on the other girl's pussy.

There was a look of desire on Jessica's face as she pissed on the new girl. Despite it being the first time she'd received a golden shower, Veronica found it erotic; she began to stroke her nipples, she would have stroked her pussy or clitoris, but she knew her hand would get in the way.

After what seemed like hours of raining piss down on another girl's pussy, Jessica stopping peeing and began to frantically rub her clitoris and it wasn't long before her body was tensing up and she was rising onto her toes as she came hard for a second time.

The first two parts of the initiation ceremony were over, so they all vacated the bathroom and headed into Amelia's room, where Veronica was instructed to kneel on all fours in the middle of the double bed; all the other girls gathered round the end of it, making sure they had a good view of Veronica's ass.

Amelia went to her bedside cabinet and opened the small drawer, taking out a tube of KY Jelly, which she tossed wordlessly to Rose. The skinny, dark-haired girl climbed onto the bed and knelt next to the redhead so she wouldn't obscure anyone's view of her ass.

"Just relax," Rose told Veronica, as she smeared jelly over two of her fingers.

Rose spread Veronica's ass cheeks with one hand and rubbed her puckered bud with her middle finger, before sliding it into her second knuckle - here she paused, letting the redhead get used to having something in her ass.

At first Veronica found it a little odd, having something in her ass, but she soon got used to it and began to enjoy it as Rose pushed her finger all the way in; she then began sliding it in and out.

Without a word, Amelia climbed onto the bed too, vibrator in hand. While Rose continued to finger her ass, the blonde began to lap at her pussy and clitoris.

Veronica gasped as Amelia began licking her pussy - it felt good and she could feel herself getting wetter. After a few minutes of having her pussy licked, the redhead felt the end of the vibrator against her pussy.

Amelia began to rub the vibrator up and down Veronica's moist pussy, she then spread her lips and gently slid the toy deep inside; the redhead groaned with pleasure as she turned it onto the lowest setting.

Harriet watched with a slight pang of jealousy, as Amelia and Rose pleasured the girl she was quickly falling for. She wished it was her fingering Veronica's ass and sliding the vibrator in and out of her hot pussy. She told herself, however, that there was time for that later - the other girls of the Pussy Club would only likely be pleasuring her at their get-togethers, whereas she would be able to have the redhead almost any time she liked.

Veronica's body was on fire with lust and pleasure - the combined feeling of the vibrator in her pussy, the finger in her ass and Rose's fingers caressing one nipple, were divine. She was lost in the hedonistic, Sapphic pleasures. As the pleasure coursed through her, she was oblivious to the world around her; it was as if the other members of the Pussy Club had vanished - there was nothing but her and the pleasure.

As the rest of the girls watched Verona's initiation, they all stood pleasuring themselves - their fingers deep in their pussies and on their breasts as the Sapphic threesome took place before them.

Despite her initial jealousy, Harriet couldn't help being turned on by the lesbian display in front of her. The sight of the sexy redhead's ass and pussy being pleasured was getting her hot and she fingered her pussy and teased her clitoris as she watched.

Amelia turned up the vibrator to its highest setting and almost at the exact same moment, Rose slid her forefinger into Veronica's ass. The redhead let out another moan of pleasure and gripped the bed sheets as the blonde slid the vibrator in and out of her pussy with greater speed.

The pleasure rippling through Veronica's body, from her pussy, ass and nipples was incredible and her moans of pleasure grew louder as she was driven inexorably towards orgasm.

Veronica was close, so close to orgasm, when she felt Amelia's tongue on her clitoris again. It took only a few 'lashes' and suddenly the redhead was hit by her exquisite orgasm. There was an explosion in her pussy and ass, which quickly travelled through her body. The pleasure seemed to shoot up her spine and almost shorted out her brain. She let out a series of sexy whimpers and moans as her body trembled.

She collapsed onto the bed as she came down from her orgasmic high and Amelia removed the vibrator from her pussy; it seemed, however, that Rose was reluctant to remove her fingers - she leaned down to kiss the other girl's cheeks as she continued to finger her ass.

"Congratulations," Amelia said, "you are now officially a member of the Pussy Club." The other girls cheered and applauded.