 Veronica and Harriet returned to the sorority house at lunch time as per their instructions. They were to meet with their 'sister' Amelia, who would give Harriet instructions to prepare Veronica for her induction into the Pussy Club.

The Pussy Club was a 'secret society' of lesbians who would meet regularly for all out orgies. A number of girls on campus were part of this exclusive club. Not every girl was eligible to join - one of the existing members had to vouch for a 'new applicant'; said member had to be convinced that the 'new applicant' was really into girls and really wanted to be a part of the Pussy Club, that they weren't going to get freaked out by what went on and weren't suddenly going to change their mind and try and back out. Once they had been vouched for, they then had to be inducted - this involved doing things to girls from the Pussy Club or letting them do things to the 'applicant', in front of the entire club of course.

Veronica was a quiet, redheaded girl, who wore glasses. Her fairly conservative clothes and demeanour meant that she was rarely noticed by boys, despite her natural beauty, large breasts and firm ass. She had never had a boyfriend, nor did she particularly want one, but she had experimented with other girls when she was younger.

At college she had soon befriended Harriet, a vivacious, petite girl with sandy blonde hair, blue eyes and pert breasts and buttocks.

The two girls had gotten on like a house on fire and had soon become almost inseparable. Harriet had introduced Veronica to the social scene and had looked out for her, so that no one took advantage of her.

One night, after getting a little tipsy, the two of them returned to Harriet's room and had ended up making out. Their groping had been interrupted by the impromptu return of Harriet's room mate. Luckily they had been fully clothed and it had been easy for them to act nonchalant.

The two girls had left and gone to Veronica's dorm room - her room mate spent most nights with her boyfriend in his room.

Veronica had tried to apologise to Harriet, insisting that she didn't usually make out with girls and said she would understand if she never wanted to speak of it again. Harriet had had a hard time convincing Veronica that she didn't mind being kissed and fondled by another girl and admitted that she had secretly been wanting to make out with her since the day they had met. Soon after that they had started kissing and fondling and had then quickly gone down on each other.

A few times after that night the two of them had gone down on each other and fingered each other to orgasm. Harriet wanted their relationship to progress, so she had decided to tell her about the regular sexual activity in her life and had explained about the Pussy Club she was a part of; she hoped that she would join too and that it would boost her sexual confidence. Veronica had agreed to join; she surprised herself when she discovered the thought of sex with several girls made her feel sexy, not that what she and Harriet had done hadn't made her feel sexy.

Upon entering Amelia's sorority house bathroom, Veronica and Harriet found her waiting for them; she was the Pussy Club's current 'matriarch'. She was a slender, beautiful girl, with long, pale blonde hair and baby blue eyes. She looked like a swimsuit model, though her breasts were slightly smaller than Veronica's.

"There you are," she said with a smile, as she saw the other two girls. "Ready for tonight, Veronica? You know, you're a very lucky girl - my parents are going away for a long weekend and they want me to housesit. Your initiation will take place there and we're going to have a rare all weekend orgy. Don't bother bringing clothes - once we're all there, clothes will be banned until we leave."

Amelia rummaged around in her bag and pulled out a sealed envelope, which she handed to Harriet.

"The list of sexual acts for Veronica's induction tonight," she told her. "Veronica I have a little problem - as one of the other girls discovered earlier, to my chagrin, I got dressed in such a hurry this morning that I forgot to put on my panties. The boys at this college are always trying to look up my skirt and, as you can imagine, the matriarch of the Pussy Club doesn't want to risk her pussy being seen by a piggish boy. Would you do me a huge favour and lend me yours?"

Veronica was unsure of this - she wasn't wearing a skirt as short as Amelia's, but still... on the other hand she wanted to keep the head of the Pussy Club happy.

"Okay, you can have my panties."

"Wonderful - just hold up your skirt and I'll help myself."

As soon as Veronica had lifted her skirt, Amelia had dropped to her knees and slipped a hand between her thighs - gently cupping her panty-clad pussy for a moment. She then hooked her fingers into the waistband of her panties and pulled them down. Her face was close to her groin and she openly gazed at the neatly trimmed triangle of red pubes.

Amelia stood up, considered Veronica's panties for a moment, before holding them out and saying, "Wouldn't do the honours would you?"

Veronica knelt down and Amelia stepped into the panties. As she pulled her panties up the other girl's thighs, she got an eyeful of her hairless pussy.

Amelia rubbed the panties against her pussy a few times before telling the other two they could leave now.

As they headed out of the house, Harriet said, "She's such a liar!" Veronica gave her a quizzical look. "You obviously didn't see - when she went rummaging in her bag earlier, there was a thong in there. We call her the Panty Snatcher. You'll probably never get those back; in fact she's probably fingering herself in them now."

The idea of another girl fingering herself while wearing her own panties made her horny.

"Have we got time for a quick fingering?"

"Don't you want to know what you've got to do later?" Harriet asked, waving the envelope.

"Okay - instructions first, fingering second."

Harriet opened the envelope, pulled out the single sheet of paper and read what was on it. "Remember I told you when you agreed to join the Pussy Club, you might have to be prepared to do almost anything?"

"What do I have to do?"

"First you've got to take a piss in front of everyone," Harriet told her.

Veronica had never indulged in watersports before, but she knew it was a turn on for some.

"Then you've got to let Jessica piss on your pussy - jeez that girl loves piss. I remember when I was initiated - I had to piss on her tits... Then you've got to let one of the members, doesn't say who, stick at least one finger in your ass."

Veronica had stroked her puckered bud while masturbating before, but had never slid anything actually up her ass.

"Then you've got to let Amelia give you an orgasm - she usually likes to do it with some dildo or other."

Without realising it, the two girls had wondered to the nearest restroom; with impish smiles at each other, they went inside.

It was empty inside and they hurried into one of the stalls and shut and locked the door behind them. Harriet lifted the lid and then unbuckled her denim shorts and pushed them down with her panties, before sitting on the toilet, her legs spread.

Veronica pulled up her skirt and sat down on Harriet's lap, her legs spread wide, one on either side of the other girl's.

With almost mirrored movements, the two young women slid their hands between the each other's thighs. They started with gentle caresses, stroking each other's pussy lips, going very close to, but not touching each other's clitorises.

They softly groaned, keeping as quiet as they could, as they explored each other's pussies further; their fingers delved between their youthful folds, delving deep into their pussies.

Veronica's free hand stroked and caressed Harriet's inner thigh, while Harriet's free hand slipped under Veronica's top and squeezed and caressed her breast, through her bra.

As their passion and lust grew, the two girls fingered each other's pussies with more speed, driving each other inexorably towards sweet release.

The pleasure pulsed through their bodies in waves and as their animal lusts grew and their orgasms neared, Harriet pushed Veronica's bra cup down as best she could and stroked and tweaked her left nipple.

Almost at the exact same moment, Harriet and Veronica's orgasms crested. They gasped and whimpered sexily as their orgasms raged through them. Their bodies quivered and their pussies spasmed as they came down from their orgasmic high.

The two girls slipped their fingers from each other's pussies and Veronica turned sideways on Harriet's lap and gave her a passionate kiss of thanks.

They only broke their kiss when they heard someone enter the restroom. As quietly as they could, they rearranged their clothes and prepared to leave as soon as the other person disappeared into a cubical.

Whoever had just entered the restroom did not go into a stall; instead they seemed stop in front of the sinks. Very carefully, Harriet squeezed up to the door, unlocked it and peered through the crack between door and frame. Peering out, she saw the young woman who had just entered and breathed a sigh of relief.

Pulling the door open, she boldly stepped out and greeted the girl, "Hey Liz."

Liz, a beautiful, tall willowy girl looked at Harriet in the mirror and grinned, she then spotted Veronica coming out of the same stall and her smile broadened.

"Having a good time?" she asked, turning to face the other two.

"The best," Harriet replied as Veronica blushed.

"Looking forward to tonight?" Liz asked - it was clear she was a member of the Pussy Club too. Veronica could only nod. "Well, I can guarantee there will be lots more orgasms. More than you've had in your life so far."

"Personally I can't wait for an exhausting round of orgasms - it's been too long since our last orgy."

"Well, I'll catch you guys later," Liz said and on her way out the restroom, she gave both Harriet and Veronica a swift kiss.