 As soon as I stepped out of class I cursed myself for not bringing an umbrella. California weather had proven to be impossible to predict, and the jeans and light button-up boy shirt that I wore on the sunny walk to class were about to leave me frozen and drenched on the walk back. Last thing I needed was to get sick on my first week of college.

"Not exactly dressed for the weather are you?" I heard a voice from behind me. It was Eva, the strangely tall Japanese girl who sat in front of me in German Lit. I remembered being a little pissed off that such a tall girl would be sitting in the front row, but now, seeing the childish smirk with which she was staring at me, I admit I felt strangely exhilarated. She wore tall rain boots, and held a huge blue umbrella covered with rain clouds.

"You must be a local," I said.

"Born and raised." Her eyes gleamed with a childish excitement. You would think she hadn't just spent a day at school, but had instead skipped and gone white-water-rafting or something equally exciting and obscure. But no, there she was today in both classes that I had with her, sitting obnoxiously tall in the front row each time.

"My name is Hannah," I said politely.

"Eva."

"I know."

"How did you know?"

"You're so damn tall it's hard not to notice you in class." This made her giggle. 

"Nice to meet you Hannah," was all she said. "I'd like to walk you home"

"Oh, no. It's all right." I couldn't tell why she was making me so nervous. "The rain will teach me a lesson."

"What sort of lesson?"

"To bring an umbrella."

"But I have an umbrella here. I read once that if you want something intensely enough, it'll happen for you. Well, you wanted the umbrella intensely enough for me to show up here. So now I'm here and it looks like I'm obligated to walk you home." I wanted to say something stupid like "you're pretty smart, huh?" but resisted. 

"Well if you have to, you have to" are the words that came out. 

She walked up close to me, so that her umbrella would cover me, and looked down at my face. I had known her for a couple of days but still hadn't stood right next to her. If she hadn't been so childish, her height would have been intimidating.

"Well," she said, "lets go." It was comforting to walk next to her. For a while I forgot to even try to make conversation.

"Must be strange seeing all these new people move into town every year," I started.

"Tell me about it," she said. "It's interesting to see who sticks around though."

"What kind of people stick around?" I asked. She thought for a while.

"The ones who have no idea what they want out of life. Or the ones who know exactly what they want."

"Which kind are you?" I asked her.

"Well, it was never my choice to stick around, but I usually know what I want," she smiled.

"That's good. I never know what I want."

"You always know what you want." Eva's eyes became intensely serious for a second. "You just get too scared to tell anyone about it.

"Oh." I said.

"Yep." She said lightly and went seamlessly back to her energetic, childish smile. She stepped happily into every puddle on the road. "You really need to get some rain boots," she added.

"I know," I said. We walked quietly the rest of the way. I led her down the alley towards the back entrance of my apartment.

"This is it," I told her. She just laughed. "What is it?" I asked.

"See that house right there?" She pointed down the alley and across the street. "That one's me. We're neighbors"

"Oh wow!" I said. "Do you live by yourself?"

"Nah. With a couple other girls who never managed to leave town. Drop by sometime, I've got something I think you'll like." With that, she did a theatrical bow, turned, and strided back down the alley towards her place. Without me by her side, her pace almost doubled, her long legs looked like stilts navigating through the puddles on the ground. Filled with curiosity, I watched her walk away. Who was this girl? Why did she talk so strangely? Why did I feel so awkward next to her? I walked into my place and suddenly everything inside seemed so dreary, lifeless. My heart was racing and all I could think about was Eva. Her confident stride as she walked next to me, her bright eyes. 

Fuck. Did I have a crush on this girl? I had felt this way a few times before in high school about a few of my girlfriends, but when I told my mom that I had feelings for them, she told me I was being silly, and that they were just good friends. But now I felt those feelings coming back. Maybe I did just want to be friends with Eva, hear more of her strange philosophies, walk with her to school, but also... I felt myself wondering what that tall, slender body looked like naked.

"Shit," I said to myself. Without bothering to put anything else on, I went out my door, and headed straight down the alley towards Eva's place. My heart was racing as I walked up the steps to her porch and knocked on the door. I started feeling cold again as I waited for her to answer. When the door opened it wasn't Eva behind it, but a stoned looking redhead girl wearing a big hoodie with seemingly nothing under it, listening to headphones. She was brushing her teeth, and looked like had just gotten out of bed. She lifted up one of the headphones and asked me who I was.

"I'm looking for Eva," I said. She pointed up the stairs and walked back into the house, continuing to brush her teeth and sway with the music in her headphones. The house seemed old, lived in by generation after generation of college kids. It was cluttered like a bachelor pad, but it didn't feel dirty somehow, more like cozy. I slipped off my shoes and walked up the stairs.

"Eva!" I called. No response. The stairs led to a hallway with three doors on one side, one of them was ajar. I walked down, not knowing what to do. "Eva!" I called again.

"Boo!" She scared the shit out of me. It took me a moment to realize that her voice had come from directly above. Her smiling face was peeking out at me from the attic door in the ceiling, and her long black hair hung straight down over it making her look like something out of those Japanese horror movies.

"You gave me a heart attack" I tried to laugh it off.

"Sorry babe. I knew you'd come," she was still smiling. "Watch out," she said, and hanging on the edge of the attic entrance, lowered herself down and jumped next to me. She was like a gymnast. If I tried to pull a move like that I'd break my neck.

"Want some tea?" She asked me "You look cold as hell."

"Please."

"Ok, wait here," she told me, and sprinted down the stairs. I stood in the hallway and looked up at the entrance to the attic. No stairs. She must have had to do a pull-up to get up there. This didn't help to alleviate my girl-crush. I pictured her arm muscles tensing, her abs getting rigid as she pulled herself up, giggling the whole time at the scare she was going to give me. How did she know I was going to come back?

"Boo!" Fuck, She did it again. I turned around, heart racing, to see her now next to me holding a steaming cup of tea, smiling as big as always.

"You're too easy," she laughed and handed me the cup. I was starting to feel silly for having feelings for someone who acted like a ten year old boy.

"Nice place," I told her.

"Yeah," she said. "It used to be my parents'" The way she said it made me feel like I shouldn't ask about her parents.

"You said you wanted to show me something," I ventured.

"Oh! Right. How big are your tits?"

"Excuse me?"

"Your boobs. What size bra do you wear?"

"Umm... 36 F, I don't know sometimes E depending on the kind, Why?"

"I knew it!" She smirked. "Follow me." She walked into the room at the far end of the hall. I followed her. The room had a bed with no sheets, and a table with nothing on it. A bong stood on the floor in the corner. "What are you showing me?" I asked her, feeling very strange.

"Ok, so you know how I said I live with a couple girls who never managed to leave town. Well up until a few months ago I used to live with three girls, until one of them actually did manage to leave town. Super rich girl, just living here to to go to college. Anyway, she ended up doing a little too much of this," -She mimed putting a tab of acid on her tongue- "and then at one point she just took off. Back home or somewhere. Left everything. All her clothes, all her books. We thought she'd come back, but then she called one day and told us to just get rid of the stuff. She didn't want to come back for it, didn't even want to see it."

"Wow," was all I could say.

"I guess she wanted to forget her life her completely. Anyway, we gave away all her books and clothes already, but she had all this really expensive lingerie that nobody can fit. I mean like some Paris Hilton expensive shit. Handmade in Italy." She opened a drawer and pulled out a frilly blue bra. "And look at this," she showed me the tag: 36F.

"Perfect, right?" She grinned at me.

"I don't know," I hedged. "I don't even know this girl."

"Oh it's fine," she said. "We looked it up online, this bra alone costs like 250 bucks. This isn't just some Victoria's Secret shit. And it isn't every day you can find someone to fit this kind of thing. I could wear it on my head," she laughed. It made me a little sad to hear. I could never even buy a dress that cost that much, but here was a single bra, left behind by some spoiled girl. I had to admit it was beautiful; the lace pattern, the vibrant blue. It looked sturdy and comfortable as hell.

"Fine," I said. "Thanks." Eva handed the bra to me with a satisfied look in her eyes. We stood there a little awkwardly.

"Well, try it on," she told me. I could feel myself starting to blush. 

"I'm sure it'll fit. I'll try it on at home."

"Just try it on here."

"What, right here?"

"Yeah, why not?"

"Umm.."

"Oh come on, you have F cups and you're embarrassed? Were all girls here." She was strangely convincing. At this point she was blatantly staring at my chest. "I like you," she said.

"I like you too," I could barely breathe. Goosebumps were starting to rise on my skin. Was I really about to take my shirt off in front of this girl? I could feel my nipples harden at the thought.

"I could feel that," Eva told me. She closed the door behind her. And latched the lock. I could sense her playful childishness turning into something more delicate, more elegant, something intensely feminine. She walked up to me and looked down into my eyes. The feeling of her towering over me was so exciting. I felt like she was about to kiss me right then. But instead, she sat down on the table, and just looked at me, waiting.

"Well, try it on," her eyes gleamed with excitement. I couldn't tell if her challenge felt dirty or innocent, But the look in her eyes, her calmness made me feel suddenly very comfortable. I don't know how she did it, but my nerves seemed to melt away. This is what we were doing now: In an abandoned room in an old house on a rainy day, we were just two girls, and I was about to take my shirt off. Like the show and tell I used to play as a kid. The clarity of it all felt intoxicating. Eva's eyes followed my hands as I started to undo the buttons of my shirt. I liked wearing dress shirts that fit snugly around my chest. I liked the way they accentuated my curves, the way they added a bit of support for my heavy breasts. What I liked even more was the feeling of coming home at the end of the day and feeling the release as I undid the buttons, the way I could feel my boobs drop and stretch my skin a little. The look on Eva's face sent chills down my spine as I slowly undid button after button. She let out a cute little gasp when I finally opened my shirt and let her see me in my bra. Her gaze didn't feel perverted, but innocently curious. It made me feel at ease. It made me feel sexy.

"You have huge tits," she let out, candidly.

"I know," I giggled. "I have to lug them around all the time"

"What's it like?"

"Sometimes it sucks, sometimes it's awesome. Like all things I guess." I could feel them getting warmer, almost as if the intensity of her gaze was heating them up. My boobs had had many admirers over the years; being the only girl in middle school with a C cup certainly made me grow up fast, I remembered all the boys in high school who barely ever looked me in the eye, all my girlfriends who squealed whenever I let them squeeze them before a dance or something, my boyfriend who would massage them until they were sore; but there was something different in the way Eva was looking at me. I felt like she expected nothing. Like if I put my shirt back on right now and walked off telling her this was uncomfortable she'd just shrug and walk me out. She'd even let me keep the bra anyway. This of course just made me want to take my bra off even more. I smiled at how patiently she was sitting in front of me, just looking, admiring.

"You really want to see them, huh?" I asked her.

"You're starting to like teasing me," she answered. As soon as she said it I knew it was true.

"You're making me feel sexy," I whispered.

"You are sexy," she said. I reached back and undid the clasp on my bra. I felt the weight of my boobs even more, and the stretching of my skin shot a chill through my whole body, I could fully feel the weight of my tits resting against me. I let my bra drop to the ground and Eva let out the cutest little moan and bit her lip.

"They're fucking beautiful," she said. My whole body was tingling at the sensation of being revealed to her. I had always felt a little self-conscious of them, getting naked in the locker-room, even in front of my ex, like they made me a kind of a specimen, but she really did make me feel beautiful, looking at me that way.

"Damn girl you're blessed," she went on. "I wish I had tits like that."

I could only giggle nervously. "Yours are nice too," was all I could say.

"You can't take a compliment huh?" She asked me.

"I guess not."

"Don't feel like you deserve them?"

"I guess not." I could feel myself gravitating towards her. I let my feet take a few steps closer to her. I was now standing right in front of her, between her legs as she sat on the table. I could feel myself blushing. I could feel my pussy getting warm, slippery.

"Could I touch them?" She asked.

"I thought I was just trying on a bra" I said. She just looked right at me. I felt like she could read my thoughts. I didn't move. It was all happening faster than I could understand it. I wanted to feel her hands on them. I wanted her to squeeze them hard. I wanted her to... I couldn't help but let out a gasp when I felt her fingertips against the skin of my belly, sliding up slowly.

"Yes," I whispered, and closed my eyes. The feeling was electrifying when I finally felt her hands on my tits. He touch was so soft, so elegant, but firm, squeezing the soft flesh of my tits, relieving me of their weight, and then letting them drop again. She'd squeeze them tightly, and then rub her palms lightly over my hardening nipples. I opened my eyes and looked at her face. I laughed a little.

"What?" she asked me.

"You look like you're having so much fun."

"You kidding?" she laughed.

"This stuff is never fun," I sighed.

"No? What is it then?"

"I don't know. Always so serious. Like I'm obligated to be sexy or feel good or something."

"I know what you mean," she said, still holding my tits.

"I barely even know you but this just feels so easy. I can feel sexy without even trying. There's no pressure."

"You've never been with a girl before huh?" She asked me.

"No, never."

"Ah, damn, I should have asked you," she said

"No. Don't worry about it. I actually really like this."

"I'm glad," she smiled. "I kinda don't wanna let go of your boobs."

"You don't need to. I like how you hold them" I told her. We stood there like that for a little while: with her just holding my boobs, me looking at her. Her hands looked tiny holding onto my tits. But they felt warm, delicate. I'd played with my tits a thousand times before but it never felt like this. I was starting to breathe heavily. I could feel my pussy getting warmer and warmer.

"Have you been with a lot of girls?" I asked her.

"I've been with a few," she said candidly.

"Is this how you get them?" I asked. "Luring them in to try on a bra?"

"You're the first one whos been able to fit that bra, hun." She said. "Can I see you in it?"

"Sure." She let go of me, handed me the bra, and leaned back, just stared at me. The lace felt so soft and smooth. I could tell it was expensive. I lifted my boobs into it and clasped it behind me. It was so fucking comfortable, soft against my shoulders, just the right amount of lift, and my cleavage looked amazing. I stepped back to let her get a better look at me.

"Like it?" I asked her, sticking my chest out proudly.

"I love it. You're a beautiful girl, you know that?"

"Thanks," I said. We stood there for a little while, looking at each other awkwardly. I was horny as hell, but she was just sitting there, calm. "I've never felt like this before. I mean, about a girl."

"I'm honored," She smiled.

"This is freaking me out a little," I said.

"It's ok. You can put your shirt back on if you want."

"I'm sorry," I said.

"It's cool," She said. And I really felt like she meant it. I picked up my shirt off of the ground and put it back on. I felt so elegant with this fine piece of lingerie underneath. The buttons around my tits felt extra tight. My nipples were still a little hard. Was all this really happening? Was I a lesbian?

"I need a little time to think," I told Eva.

"I understand," She said. I unlocked the door and found my way down the stairs and outside. It was still raining when I went out, and the cool drops felt refreshing on my hot skin. I felt them starting to soak through my clothes and hair. I could still feel her hands on my tits. I could still see her beautiful face. I had to be honest with myself. I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to touch her like she touched me. I wanted to undress her, to feel her skin against mine. To press myself against her. I wanted her to keep admiring my tits. I wanted to see her pussy. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," I kept saying to myself, trying to beat this feeling away. I looked straight up towards the sky and let the raindrops fall on my face. I stopped thinking.

I don't know how long I stood there like that, but eventually the impulse became too strong to resist. "This is my life," I told myself, was I really about to just go back home? The longer I stood there the more I was powerless to resist it. I would regret it forever if I didn't: I turned back. Without knocking, I went back into the house.

I strode up the stairs and down the hallway, not caring that the rain was dripping off of me all over the floor. I went right up to the same room where I left Eva. There she still was, still sitting on the table, looking dreamily at the rain falling against the window. She gave me the cutest smile when she saw me standing there at the door.

"Let me guess," I started, "you knew I was going to come back again?"

"Let's say I hoped you would. But it was pretty obvious."

"How?"

"You're horny as hell," She laughed.

"Am I that transparent?" I blushed.

"Well, you came back didn't you. It's ok. Come here, what's bothering you?" I kicked off my shoes and sat down on the table next to her.

"Well it's just that I've never done this before and I just met you and I'm not sure where this will go and ..." She put her hand on my leg.

"Listen -" She cut me off, the look on her face was serious again, like it was when she was walking me home.

"You think too much. If you're worried that I'm going to start stalking you or something, don't. And if you're worried that you might enjoy it, well... why?" I sat there looking down at her hand resting on my leg. Indeed, why?
