 Now that the initiation ceremony was over, the other girls moved off to pleasure each other in whatever way took their fancy.

While most of the other girls went their own way, Rose continued to finger Veronica's ass, almost like she was unable to stop herself. She was soon joined on the bed by Harriet and Maggie, a girl with long, light brown, wavy hair, grey eyes and breasts that were a nice handful.

Veronica felt Rose slip her fingers out of her ass and then several pairs of hands, gently turning her over. She looked up into the lustful faces of Harriet, Maggie and Rose and knew she was in for one Hell of a night.

Harriet moved to kneel at the head of the bed and leant down to press her lips to Veronica's, while Maggie lowered her head to suck on her right nipple, while tweaking the other gently with her fingers; Rose slid her middle finger into her ass again and moved her head down so she could kiss and lick the redhead's wet pussy.

Veronica lay on the bed and enjoyed being pleasured by three girls; she felt like she was on a cloud as Rose alternated between sucking and licking her clitoris and shoving her tongue deep into her pussy, while fingering her ass. At the same time Maggie sucked and licked one nipple at a time, while massaging the free breast with her hand. While the other two did this, Harriet was passionately kissing Veronica, and though Maggie and Rose where playing with her tits and pussy respectively, the kissing was somehow more intimate.

Feeling she ought to do something in return, for at least one of the girls, Veronica reached up and began to fondle Harriet's perky breasts.

By now she was used to having something in her ass, and so thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of Rose sliding a finger in and out. The girl certainly was an expert at what she was doing - she knew just how to keep the pleasure coming, without her reaching orgasm too quickly.

Soon, Veronica felt the familiar, pleasant feeling in her wet pussy that told her that the pleasure was building to a peak that would lead to orgasm.

Rose focused on her clitoris for a short while, causing the pleasure to quickly build up inside Veronica; it rose deep within her hot, sexual core, causing her pussy to quiver slightly. It built like a pleasurable, tingling ball that was slowly spreading from her pussy, through the upper regions of her lower body.

Then suddenly, as the pleasures coursing from her clitoris were about to push her over the edge to orgasm, Rose stopped her ministrations completely - she removed her mouth from the redhead's pussy and stilled the finger in her ass.

Veronica groaned in disappointment and squirmed on the bed - she was so close, it was infuriating. She felt Harriet's lips, upon her own, curve into a smile, before she broke the kiss.

"You didn't think it would be that easy, did you?" she whispered into the redhead's ear.

Harriet and Maggie placed small, light kisses on her lips and breasts respectively, while Rose merely waited, allowing Veronica to 'cool off'. After several pleasant, but sexually stimulating minutes, Rose resumed eating the redhead's pussy - wriggling her tongue deep in her hot, wet pussy or flicking her clitoris.

Veronica lay there in ecstasy as the three girls worked their magic on her body. Her orgasm was soon building again and just as she thought she was going to crest, Rose stopped her ministrations for a second time.

The redhead let out a muffled moan of frustration at being denied her orgasm a second time and actually lowered her hand to her pussy to get herself off, but Rose playfully slapped her hand away.

"All in good time, my dear," the raven-haired girl said, gently caressing the tops of her inner thighs, close to, but not actually touching, her pussy.

Several more times, Veronica had to endure her nipples, pussy and clitoris being teased and being driven so close to orgasm, but without that sweet release.

She was close to screaming in annoyance and frustration - she felt like grabbing the back of Rose's head and grinding her pussy into her face - forcing her to give her that much needed orgasm; she resisted this temptation, however, and let the three girls continue to pleasure her their way.

Finally Rose decided that Veronica had been teased and sexually 'tortured' for long enough; she slipped two fingers into the redhead's sopping pussy and began to finger her vigorously, all the while lashing her clitoris with her tongue.

Somewhere in the deep recesses of her mind, Veronica vaguely registered that this must finally be it - Rose was finally done teasing her and she was at last going to give her that sweet release. She so desperately needed to cum that she was sure that she'd literally explode when she finally did orgasm.

Most of her conscious thought, however, was totally focused on the intense, pleasurable feelings raging through her body - it was almost too much to bear and she squirmed on the bed.

Veronica could feel the orgasm building quickly inside of her and then suddenly and with unexpected speed, she climaxed. It did indeed feel like an explosion had gone off inside her and for a second, or for an eternity, the entire world seemed to disappear, as she squeezed her eyes shut and arched her back and came.

As the redhead's orgasm finally crested, Rose pulled her rapidly pumping fingers from her pussy; as she did, Veronica gushed copious amounts of girl-cum. The raven-haired girl lowered her head and stuck her tongue into the other girl's pussy and wiggled it around, causing the redhead to squirm; this was too much for her and she pulled away and curled into the foetal position.

Harriet pulled Veronica to her and the two girls clung to each other as the redhead trembled and took gasping breaths. The blonde gently placed a hand over the other girl's quivering and tender pussy.

"Uuuhhh fffuck mmme," Veronica could barely speak as she clung to Harriet almost for dear life. The other girls giggled.

"Was that good?" Harriet asked and the redhead merely nodded. "It looked like it was worth the wait. I'm actually a little jealous of Rose - I've not made you cum that hard, but then perhaps I'm not evil enough to 'torture' you for that long." Rose grinned.

It didn't take long for Maggie and Rose to start playing with each other; while Harriet merely knelt on the bed, her arms wrapped around Veronica, allowing the redhead time to recover and come down from her orgasmic high, occasionally giving her tender kisses.

It was only now, as she lay wrapped in Harriet's arms, that Veronica became aware of what was going on around her. In the corner, Amelia sat in a chair, a large dildo in her hands, while Ellie straddled her lap and rode said toy; she could also hear the sounds of the other girls coming from the spare bedroom.

After a short while, Harriet said, "Are you ready to fuck me?"

"Sure," Veronica replied.

Harriet got off the bed and walked over to Amelia's closet, opening the doors, she began rummaging around in a box that stood on the floor. While she did this, the redhead reclined on the bed and watched Rose and Maggie in the 69 position.

A moment or two later, Harriet returned to the bed holding an eight inch strap-on dildo. Veronica looked at it and smiled - the two had never used one together before.

They didn't immediately start using it, though. Veronica sat on her haunches and Harriet straddled her thighs; the two girls kissed passionately while the redhead caressed the other girl's pussy.

Harriet broke their kiss, "You know, I got a little jealous during the initiation ceremony," she admitted.

"Oh really?" Veronica asked, intrigued.

"Yeah! You know, I actually wanted to take part."

"Well, you can't have everything in life."

"I know. The initiation ceremony was a while ago and I still haven't had my way with your hot little pussy."

Veronica kissed her again. "Don't be so greedy - you've had my pussy plenty of times before today and the other girls haven't."

"I know, but..."

"Shhh!" the redhead kissed her again. "How about next weekend you can have me all to yourself? And you can do what you like to my pussy. Now help me into this strap-on and let me fuck you."

Once it was strapped on, Harriet straddled Veronica's lap, right over the fake cock, which stuck straight up towards her pussy. The petit blonde kissed her redheaded lover passionately as she rubbed the strap-on up and down her pussy, before she sank onto it, moaning into the other girl's mouth.

Harriet began to rock her hips back and forth, with the fake cock buried deep inside her, all the while Veronica played with her nipples. After a while the blonde began sliding her pussy up and down the rubbery shaft, quickening her pace.

Veronica kissed her petit lover passionately, tweaked her nipples and occasionally gave them a slightly harder pinch as she rode the fake cock. She then grabbed Harriet's hips and lifted her up slightly and held her still, so that she was in control. The redhead then began thrusting into her lover's pussy with short, quick strokes, until she was really pounding her pussy.

Harriet broke their prolonged kiss and threw back her head to moan and groan aloud. Veronica leaned forwards to kiss her pert breasts and suck on her nipples.

By this time, Amelia had finished fucking Ellie and came to join in; she coated her right index finger with saliva before snaking her hand down to finger Harriet's stiff little clitoris, all the while kissing her neck.

A powerful orgasm was building deep in Harriet's sexual core as her lover thrust the rubbery prick in and out of her pussy rapidly and Amelia rubbed her slick finger over her clitoris.

As her orgasm neared, the petit girl forced Veronica to keep still so that she could be in control again. Harriet slid up and down the dildo as quickly as she could, sliding it almost all the way out of her wet pussy every time.

She pushed her redheaded lover away from her breasts and buried her own face in her neck as she slammed herself down on the fake cock. Harriet gasped and moaned louder as she rode the dildo harder and faster; the combined sensation of it pistoning in and out of her pussy and Amelia's finger on her clitoris made her legs shake and her pussy quiver.

Amelia intensified her stroking and suddenly Harriet's orgasm hit her like a freight train. She couldn't bounce on the fake cock any more as her whole body shook as her orgasm ripped through her. She let out sexy, shuddering gasps as Veronica slowly slid the 'cock' in and out of her as she rode her orgasmic high.