 Here's a new one from me - featuring some new characters - and also, some old friends. Don't worry too much about where it fits in continuity - I hope that it will stand up on its own merits. Please enjoy. ~~ BrettJ - September 2015

*****

Amanda Dallas looked at her reflection in the full-length mirror that hung on the door of the guest bedroom. She still found it hard to rectify that the curvy brunette with the great body she saw in the mirror was her. It had taken two years of effort and a bit of cosmetic surgery, but Amanda was now the woman she had always wanted to be. She was the woman that her friend Natalia had always told her she could be. She owed so much to Natalia and to her family that it almost made her weep. After tonight, she would have paid back a tiny fraction of the debt she owed them, but that thought brought Amanda a lot of comfort. After all, what she was about to gift to Natalia was but a tiny thing compared to all that her friend had done for her. Tally had become more than her mentor and friend, she had become Amanda's salvation. Soon, very soon, she would become so much more. Although traces of the old Amanda still lingered, the new Amanda understood that she had wanted this for a long, long time.

She looked at herself one final time, checking to make sure everything was where it was supposed to be. Amanda allowed herself a satisfied smile. It had all been worth it, every nickel of her savings had been spent, but the hot, sexy, slutty bitch that stared back at her made it all worthwhile. She had already had some lewd and lascivious proposals lobbed at her when she returned to work from her year-long leave of absence. Some women would have been disgusted, but Tally had set her straight on that as well. "It depends on how it's done, babes," Natalia had commented in her gentle, reassuring manner. "Face it, now you're a hot MILF with a new wardrobe to match. They wouldn't be men if they didn't make some lewd passes at you - and isn't that what you wanted?

It was, despite all the tutelage Amanda had grown up with, she didn't want to be seen as a hot piece of ass. The "cuddly with curves" Amanda still had her appeal, but it was limited. The seductive brunette in the black lingerie with the pink brocade - she could have her pick from a lot of sexy men and women. Tally had told her not to limit her options and she had no intention of doing that. The thought of mashing her new, bouncy tits against those of another hot girl made her wet with the perversity of the thought. She was going to be an explorer, a newly-deviant slut who slept with whoever she chose. She had dropped a pretty penny at the boutique where Natalia worked and it had all been worth every penny - despite the hefty discount Natalia gave her new friend. Amanda counted her blessings that she had met someone as unique and understanding as Natalia, even if the circumstances were somewhat bizarre.

Bryce had once been her entire world, her everything. How foolish she had been, Amanda now thought to herself. He had been her boyfriend since the sixth grade and everyone had just assumed they would always be a couple. Goofy Amanda, that airhead, she had followed Bryce around like a lost puppy and he had indulged all of her whims. By the tenth grade, they were an actual couple. Some friends thought them ideal, while some girls told Amanda that she could do better. The cattier girls told Bryce much the same thing. Amanda worked for her friend's bakery part-time and if she sampled the food a bit too much, well, Bryce told her that he liked her curves. She shared a lot of treats with her handsome and athletic boyfriend, who never seemed to gain an ounce.

She knew why, at least, she thought she knew why. Bryce was a 6'3", 240 pound jock who played almost all sports. A lot of exercise kept her boyfriend from becoming a butterball. That was the explanation that Bryce told her and she accepted it at face value. It turned out later to be only half of the truth. 

When Bryce proposed, she accepted immediately with lots of tears and happiness. She looked forward to years of happy marriage and starting a family.

Bryce jilted her - he left her standing on the altar on her wedding day. He had run off with one of the cheerleaders from his college football team. He had been fucking the cheerleader behind her back - one of several he had sampled over the years. Her beloved Bryce was a player both on and off the field.

Her heart broken, Amanda did what a lot of girls did in her situation. She found solace in food, after all, she worked in a bakery and had unlimited access to lots of goodies. In a little under 3 months, she packed on 40 pounds. On a 5'8" frame, she could afford to have a few curves - but only a few.

Fortunately and not for the only time in her life, a friend stepped in with an intervention.

"You're too good for that rat," her "cousin" Brandi told her. Their parents were the best of friends and Brandi had considered Amanda family since the age of five when they first had met. "I've always thought so; I didn't get a good vibe from him. Listen to me - life is too short to mourn a guy who treated you like dirt. You need to lose the weight, make some changes and get back in the game - get fucked and keep fucking until that loser is a distant memory. If I thought you'd go for it, I'd take you to bed!" Brandi shocked her employee with her revelation.

"You? Really?"

"Sure, I've always thought you were cute," the auburn-haired Brandi grinned and gave Amanda a naughty wink. "I hired you because you were friendly, cute and appealing. I also respected you too much to make a move because I knew how faithful you were to Bryce. He was your first, wasn't he?"

Brandi waited for an answer and saw Amanda shuffling her feet and looking down at the floor. "Uh-huh, and my only, so far," she sighed, trying to stifle some tears. "You really think I'm cute?"

"You're a honey, but you won't stay one for long," Brandi told her. "Look, things are slow right now. Take some time off, join an Aerobics class, drop some weight and get a bit of a makeover. I promise you that your job will be here when you come back - trust me. I've been where you are, I used to be a big girl too. When I made all the right changes, my career took off and I've never lacked partners. Go out there and grab life by the throat and don't come back until you're the Mandy I know you can be!"

Amanda took in every word of her friend's advice and took it to heart. Brandi pressed over 3 thousand dollars into the girl's hands, insisting that it was not a loan, but a gift, an investment in Amanda's future. She called her parents and asked if she could move home for a year. Her mother was thrilled and said she would have her room ready in a few days. Her wonderful daddy teased her and asked why it had taken her so long to ask. She adored her happily-married parents and the rest of her family. She would need their support if she was to carry out her game plan.

She gave her landlord her notice, not too sad to be moving. She liked the people that looked after the building, but in the 6 years she had lived there, it had gone downhill. Her once-friendly neighbors had been replaced by losers, drunks and druggies. Now that she was going to be free of the stress, perhaps she wouldn't feel the need to eat all of the time. Of course, without access to Brandi's wonderful baked goods, she couldn't really afford to indulge herself. Now it was time to stop thinking like a "foodie" and concentrate on what really mattered - her goal to remake Amanda into "Mandy", just as Brandi had advised.

Step One was to have a long talk with her family. They didn't completely understand Amanda's entire scheme. "You're beautiful as you are," her mother told her with Amanda's father and siblings all nodding in agreement.

"I don't want to be just beautiful mommy, I want to be hot!" Amanda said to her mom and the rest of them. "You've met Brandi, the woman I work for. If you can believe this, she used to be a fatty - and you know what she looks like now, like a movie star. I want to look like that, so I'm going to eat better, exercise and make a few changes. This time next year, I want that a-hole to eat his heart out over what he did to me."

Her siblings, younger and older, all to a one, cheered her on. Her parents didn't completely get it. Still, they were behind her and refused her offer of rent. "Spend as much as you need, we can take care of you for another year," Carter told his daughter. "I want all of my children to know they can always count on us." He addressed the room. "Do you understand kids - always!" He intoned.

Step Two was Amanda joining an Aerobics class as Brandi had suggested - almost an order, Amanda thought to herself. She liked the instructors, all of them were friendly and inspirational. They had all been former "chubbies" and understood Amanda's rationale instantly. Amanda surprised herself by actually making some new friends and being a better dancer than she would have thought. Bryce was an athlete and graceful on the football field, but he was terrified of the dance floor. He hadn't even taken Amanda to their Senior Prom. With her blinders off, the new Amanda was starting to see what a selfish prick he had been. He hadn't been like that when they were kids - had he? Had her pursuit of Bryce blinded her to the fact that he always seemed to get things his way?

Step Three turned out to be one of the most integral parts of her metamorphosis. Amanda found a support group she could attend for women like her - women who had been burned in a relationship or those who had suffered some kind of abuse. It was at her third such meeting that she encountered Natalia. Natalia didn't hide any of the details - well, not too many, Amanda smiled as she thought back. She had been involved with one of her professors and the rat had been as much a player as Bryce had been. They even knew each other. Amanda couldn't believe someone would ever be such a fool as to cheat on someone like Natalia. Her beauty overwhelmed Amanda, she was exotic and had such carriage that she almost commanded the room's attention. Amanda steeled herself and asked Natalia out for coffee. To her surprise, Tally accepted with a huge smile and said "Sure, I'm always up for making a cute, new friend."

The two instant friends had much in common, including Natalia's recent move back home with her daddy. "The best decision I ever made, hands-down," Natalia told her over two wonderful cups of French Mocha and pastries - Amanda was down 15 pounds, she could have a treat. "Steven is the kind of man every girl should have in her life, loving and supportive."

Amanda was a bit confused. "Steven? Is he your new boyfriend?"

"Oops, sorry babes, I can be a bit scatter-brained at times when talking about Steven," she chuckled. "No, Steven is my father, but we're so close I sometimes forget and call him by his first name. When the time is right, I'll introduce you, but don't you seduce him and steal my daddy."

"Right, like that's going to happen," Amanda sighed. "I'm not the seductress type and isn't your father likely a bit too old for me?"

"Since my mom left, my daddy hasn't lacked for female companionship," Natalia informed Amanda as the server refilled their cups. "He's older, but he doesn't look it and he's ..." Natalia suddenly stopped speaking and the now, much savvier Amanda sensed there was more to the story. "As for the other thing, didn't you say in group tonight that you were working to become a new, sexier you?"

"Yes, I did say that, although I wasn't sure that anyone was listening, I think I droned on a bit," Amanda confessed.

"No, most people either talk a lot the first time or they barely speak at all," Natalia corrected her. "A little makeover might be just the tonic. What did you want done?"

Amanda took a deep breath. It was one thing to have a plan, it was another to confess it to her family and it was yet another to confess it to this girl she barely knew. Still, something about Natalia - "Tally", she kept insisting - seemed to draw Amanda out of her shell. "Weight loss, a bit of a makeover with my hair, new wardrobe when I can fit into it and oh yeah, some work done of my tits."

Natalia looked at her new friend and cocked her head to one side. "What's wrong with your tits? You've got more up there than I do and I'm not complaining."

"You shouldn't, you're gorgeous," Amanda responded. "I've got a bit too much up top. If I lose the weight, they're going to look ridiculous. I'm going to have surgery to make them rounder and more symmetrical, so that they'll suit my new look."

Tally got out a piece of scrap paper and scribbled down a phone number. "Lots of the girls who buy from my store - I sell lingerie at La Vie En Rose - swear by this guy. Most of the girls who come to my shop are honeys, so I think he's probably pretty good. Give him a call and when you're ready, come to the shop - we'll set you up with some nice stuff."

Amanda gave her new friend a big hug and realized it was almost 11. They parted but made a pact to do this every week after group. Amanda actually felt lighter inside as she walked the short distance home. It was nice to have someone who "got" her and was encouraging her aspirations. Tally was the second person since Brandi to believe in Amanda's potential. When she could arrange it, she wanted her oldest friend and her newest to meet. She was sure they'd get along like a house on fire.

Over time, the coffee meetings became more frequent and also they became lunch engagements as well, although rarely dinner. "Daddy can't cook to save his life," Tally laughed. "If I'm not home to prepare dinner, he'd eat take out every day of his life. He looks after me, so I look after him. It's a near-perfect arrangement, although I sure miss him when he's on the road." Over time, Amanda had learned a lot about her friend and her father. She knew that Steven had been left by Tally's mom and had never remarried. He worked for a book publisher and had several prominent clients, the newest being Silvia Anders - the hottest writer going right now. Whenever Natalia spoke about her "wonderful" father, her face almost seemed to glow. One lunch, with a few too many glasses of Merlot in her, Tally let the cat out of the bag. She and Steven were lovers and had been for some time. Once sober, Tally wanted to run away and hide. "There is no need for that, it's unusual, I'll admit, but you're an adult and you aren't being abused. If you make each other happy, that's your business. You're still my friend and I still love you - I will keep your secret, you have my word."

The next step - perhaps Step Four or perhaps just natural evolution of a friendship - took Amanda totally by surprise. A still-tipsy Natalia kissed her friend but not just with the devotion and gratitude of a friend - she kissed her with desire. Amanda was shocked, but only for a brief second. She found herself kissing Tally back and almost disappointed when that came to an end.

"I-I shouldn't have done that," Natalia apologized. "I guess I just got swept away with emotion."

"Yes, you should have, it's okay," Amanda said as the cobwebs cleared from her head. "I think we were both wondering what it would be like, it was perfectly natural. I can tell that I'm not the first woman you've ever kissed, am I?"

"No," Tally answered, a faint blush on her cheeks. "Since I - hooked up - with my daddy, all of my other lovers have been women. Since before then too, in the spirit of full disclosure. I've always known that I was bi and Jim - he made it too easy not to worry about being faithful. Daddy is on the road a lot and I've got a huge libido. Having sex with other women - well, maybe it isn't quite right, but they give me something that men can't. Since daddy and I became a `thing', I've never once slept with another man. I haven't needed to, oh hell, am I making any sense?"

"Yes, and honestly, you're making me more than a little horny," Amanda sighed wistfully. "I don't know if I'll ever have the courage to try it, but as I transform my body the way that I want to, my thoughts do drift in that direction every so often."

"Towards having sex with other women?"

"Yes," Amanda said candidly. "Remember, I was Bryce's little lap dog all of those years, His thoughts were my thoughts. Now I can think with a clear head and let's be honest - girls are sexy with a lot to offer."

"You are changing," Natalia weighed in. "Good for you."

""I have another proposal," Amanda said as she felt emboldened by her actions. "Once I achieve my desired look and attitude IF ... although I'm sure I will still have these feelings ... IF I still want to sex it up with a girl, would you ...?"

Tally didn't let Amanda finish. She seized her friend's face between her hands and pulled the rest of her close. Her heated kiss answered Amanda's question without saying a single word.

It took Amanda a lot of hard work and most of her savings, but now, the Amanda Brandi had promised her was lurking underneath looked back at her from the mirror. It was now or never. She left the bedroom and went down the hall - to Natalia's room. She took a deep breath and opened the door.

Natalia was waiting for her, stretched out on her bed and looking so elegant, she resembled a movie star or a pin up girl. The movie buff in Amanda was thinking she was giving off a "Hedy Lamarr" vibe and it caused a deep stirring in her. "I was almost starting to think you weren't coming," Tally smiled at her. "Then I remembered, when you set your mind to something, you always follow through."

"Yes," Amanda said as she neared the bed. Perching on one side, she smiled at her dear friend. "I'll admit to being terrified, but that's because this is a totally new experience for me. My first time with someone who isn't Bryce and my first time with ..." she gulped "... another woman. A very beautiful woman, one I can't compare to."

"That is going to have to be our next project," Natalia stated, noticing how much Amanda was shivering as she stroked the girl's cheek and ran her fingers through Amanda's lustrous hair. "You're unique in your own beauty, don't compare - just enjoy the differences - marvelous, sexy differences," she purred as she kissed Amanda's soft, bee-stung lips and drew her closer to the bed.

"That's so nice," Amanda murmured. "Do that again."

That was a request Natalia was more than happy to grant. She pulled her friend closer than before and kissed the seductive brunette. This time, the difference was obvious because Amanda was kissing back and with zero hesitation.

"Let's stop wasting time," Tally said to her girlfriend. "Get in here and we'll make out a little. We don't need to rush, we have all of the time we'll ever need."

Amanda nodded and despite the pounding of her excited heart, she was fully in the moment and wanting every new experience. There was another woman sharing her body with Amanda, an amazing, sexy woman with beauty that took Amanda's breath away. Tally had lovely, sexy breasts, amazing long legs, eyes that caught your attention in an instant and her long black hair was like an ebony waterfall. Amanda startled herself with the realization that she was kissing Natalia as much as Tally was kissing back. Once she had allowed herself the freedom to love another woman, she wasn't holding back. Amanda felt empowered and she let out a peal of delighted laughter. Her metamorphosis had begun, now all that remained was to live with her new persona. That, she decided on the spot, was going to be a pleasure - for everyone!

"You're doing great babe, yeah lover, that's the stuff, keep going!" Natalia gushed by way of encouraging the younger girl - who didn't seem to really need it. Her new friend had dived head-on into a new lifestyle, one where she was fully in control. Natalia was thrilled knowing that she was only Amanda's second lover - but with the way she was acting, she would be able to have as many as she wanted!
