 University was supposed to be an experience, and Liselle fully intended to get as much out of it as she possibly could. Growing up in a small town with a bunch of socially and culturally backwards lot had made her resentful of her upbringing, but also gave her a great hope when she was accepted into the large university institute in the city next to her home town. Well, maybe "city next to" wasn't exactly accurate, but it was more like several cities next to, and plus a few country miles to go along with it. These were the thoughts going through Liselle's head as she sauntered, with as much confidence as she could muster, up to the Greek house booths set up at the student union building.

Since no one else managed to make it out of her home town in her year except for herself, Liselle was going at this alone, and she was somewhat apprehensive about what to expect. Act normal and be confident was the sole advice her mother could give her, and she already had that in place at full power. Sage, sage advice. Find some friends early and quickly, and make them like you, so that you have someone to rely on when we're not around, her dad said. The easiest way to do this, in Liselle's mind, was to find some kind of group or club to join. She reasoned that the activities of the group would help her bond with a bunch of people, and there was no better way to do this than to join a sorority. She knew that sororities sometimes had a notorious reputation for drinking and parties, and didn't exactly have the perfect reputation as a place for studying (Liselle's scholarship stated that her GPA must remain at an acceptable level throughout her career there for full funding), but she can make due. Reducing the amount of effort to find friends would help make up the cost for escaping to the library to study on late nights. It couldn't be that bad, right? What's the worst a bunch of silly girls can do at university when you bunch them all together?

As she walked down the aisle inside the low, brick building that had served for over 100 years as the student union building here (this was stated rather proudly on a garish plaque at the front door), people milled about excitedly, and club booths full of reps shouted and laughed, waving awkwardly hand-drawn signs around proclaiming their greatness. She stopped at the chess club, briefly considered joining it, but decided to pass it up at the last moment. Her proficiency at chess had been gained via her regular opponent and the only undefeated champion to have retired at her high school, i.e. her dad, and so she wasn't too shabby, considering that Liselle and her dad regularly traded games. However, one look at the guys leering openly at her behind the booth told her that it wasn't going to be a good idea. She pouted a bit as she considered how much she missed chess with her dad already.

Liselle looked around her, trying to orient herself towards the Greek houses. Down past the karate club and the cheerleader booth, she saw a sign with several Greek letters. Alpha-beta-theta. Simple but effective, she thought. It took her a couple of minutes to dodge all the hustle and bustle to finally make it to the sign. Someone to her left made a whistling noise, and when she turned she saw a bunch of guys at the karate booth winking and waving her over. She smiled briefly at them, fluttering her eyelashes, then turned and continued walking past. "Come back, red!" one of them called. The sigh of disappointment from the guy's booth was followed immediately by scornful looks from the cheerleaders, directed at both Liselle and the boys to their right. Oh well, you can't please everyone, she thought as she giggled to herself.

Around the corner to the sign stood the booths for the Greek houses. The men's and the women's sections were separated neatly down the middle of the aisle, and Liselle walked by, slow enough to take in the people and what they had to offer, but not slow enough to warrant being called over just yet. Most of the booths had girls dolled up to the max, low cut shirts and short shorts clung to every possible curve of their bodies as they dance back and forth, more concerned about the attention they were getting from the Greek guys than the passersby. The guys, in turn, puffed out their chests and flexed their biceps at every opportunity, turning this way and that to display the best possible angle for their muscular bodies. And not a single thought worth having passed between those two sides, Liselle thought ruefully. She could practically see the balls of cotton overflowing out of their brains and hanging out of their ears. This was turning out to be worse than expected.

Apparently some guys did take notice of passersby, or more specifically Liselle who was passing by, and a brunette boy that was thick as a tree trunk with veiny arms and a huge neck to match called out to her. "Hey freckles, want to come to a party tonight? Psi-phi-thai house, 8 o'clock tonight!" His eyes looked on approvingly as he took in her long, lean figure, and he flexed his arms to the effect of inflating and deflating a pair of large balloons, his goofy grin displaying a set of teeth with a gap in the front. Liselle waved as though she knew he was talking to her, but couldn't hear what he said, and continued down. "Damn, would you look at those long legs, I would spread 'em wide and-" he murmured, making a thrusting motion with his hips to the laughter of his friends. Just then, a girl two booths down and across from the psi-phi-thai guy came up to the beefy one, and pointing an accusing finger in his face, demanded, "Who the hell was that?" The girl was about 5" 1', but the vicious snarl on her face and the way she stood over the big guy made him cower like a kitten to a lioness. "Nobody, baby, she was nobody..." was the last of the conversation Liselle heard. His buddies stopped laughing at that point.

Liselle took her rounds dutifully, looking this way and that, trying to absorb the good and the bad from each of the houses. At the end of about 30 minutes, she had come to the disappointing conclusion that all the houses were simply inadequate. Most of the girls there actually reacted with a bit of hostility when she came up to ask some questions, and all the while the guys wouldn't stop gawking at her, which just made the whole situation worse. She was about to give up on the whole enterprise when she noticed one last booth sitting in the corner at the far end of the aisle. She must have passed it the first time she went around, but because their signs were small and not as ostentatious as the others, she must have missed it. Three girls were sitting there, waiting patiently for newcomers. As she approached, Liselle noted that although all the girls were quite pretty, the girl in the middle was an astonishing, raven haired beauty. Her luscious dark hair tumbled down her back in waves, somewhere halfway between straight and curly. The girl's eye lashes were long and carefully applied with mascara, accentuating her soft, crystal clear blue eyes, and her lips were touched with a hint of light lipstick. The dark hue of her hair made her marble white skin absolutely glow. She was tall like Liselle, but at the same time, she had womanly curves that exclaimed she was a real woman, unlike the skeletal scrawniness of supermodels.

On either side of her sat a pair of blonde girls who, although they seemed to be trying very hard to appear as though they were twins, to an observant eye there were clear differences between the two. They both had dark brown eyes, cute button noses, and full, plump lips. They both probably wore D cups, and they were both of average height, somewhere around 5"6'. However, the one on the left had a face like that of a movie star, striking in the boldness of her facial structure and features, while the one on the right had a more innocent, girlish look to her that made her appear more adorable than sexy. Without even realizing it, Liselle was checking out this oddly matched trio who didn't seem to be going through the motions the other Greek houses were. This intrigued her.

The girl with the dark hair and pale complexion stood. "Hi, I'm Danny, and this is Jenny and Jenna," she said, pointing to the two girls with her. "I noticed that you were looking at the other houses, but maybe they don't have what you're looking for?" Even her voice had a warm, musical quality to it, which was framed by a light accent of foreign quality that Liselle couldn't pin point.

"Too much fighting and not enough loving between all those girls," Liselle said as a way of explanation. She saw Danny's lips twitch into a small smile, as though she was sharing a secret between herself and Liselle. For some reason, the look Danny was giving her made her heart tense for just a second, and she felt a slow blush rising up her cheeks. "My name is Liselle, by the way," she said quickly, trying to recover from the oddly intimate moment she was sharing with Danny.

"Hello Liselle, very nice to meet you. Me, Jenny and Jenna are part of the delta-gamma-epsilon house that is right over the other side of the student union building here. It's a short walk from there to here, and it's very convenient in the morning when one is late for class... for whatever reason." Again, the tone that she used made Liselle's heart skip a beat or two. "We like to keep things quiet most of the time, as most of us are fulltime students that are doing whatever we can to get by, but we do enjoy having some fun from time to time." Danny winked at Jenna and Jenny, who smiled back with bemused expressions. "Would you like to join us?"

What Danny was offering was exactly what Liselle was looking for. Strangely, this stunning, raven haired girl was telling her all the things she wanted to hear. After seeing and hearing about all the other not-so-good places that are available, it seemed almost too good to be true. For whatever reason, this made her hesitate. Danny could immediately see the look on Liselle's face, and she offered, "Perhaps you could join us for an evening to determine if our house is appropriate for you." She gave her that winsome smile once again, and Liselle couldn't help but relent.

They set the date as Saturday, which was only two days away. Danny was going to gather all the girls together, and they were going to have a small party to introduce all the new girls. Liselle was excited that she actually managed to walk away from the fair with some success. Although she normally doesn't like putting all her eggs in one basket, Danny and her friends seemed to be a nice enough group, and so as she walked back to her temporary residence, she wondered about the reasons behind all those cryptic expressions from that afternoon.

**

Liselle arrived at the door of the house at precisely 7 o'clock, as Danny had instructed. Tonight, she'd pulled her crimson curls into a pony tail, and she'd put on enough tasteful applied makeup to hopefully make a good impression. She wore a mahogany coloured leather jacket over top of a creamy coloured blouse that accentuated her own pale, lightly freckled skin, and her tight, dark jeans and short leather heels were put together to give the impression that her long legs went on and on forever.

After a couple of knocks, Danny came to the door. Liselle was stunned into silence by the loveliness of Danny's silhouette against the muted light in the background of the house. A royal blue, silk gown that fitted perfectly over Danny's body flaired tastefully out at the bottom to look as though she was standing in the waves of the ocean on a fair-weathered afternoon. Her hair was done up in a complex bun and held in place with a black clip that glittered in the light. At her neck stood a necklace that shimmered with a subdued beauty, which natural led Liselle's eyes down the nape of Danny's long neck line to her breasts, which showed a modest cleavage. Danny was simply gorgeous, and Liselle couldn't take her eyes off of her.

"Come on in, Liselle," she said solicitously in that voice that flowed like honey from some far away land. She led her past the front doors and into the sitting area where two large couches and a coffee table took up most of the space. Candles placed all around the table and on the ledges of the banisters flickered sensually, casting long, soft shadows on the walls. Danny took hold of her hand, and led her to the couch, where Liselle obediently took a seat. "Would you like something to drink?" Danny asked as she stepped into what looked to be the kitchen area.

"Yes, sure, anything," Liselle stammered. She was caught completely off balance, and though she didn't realize it, that faint, musky scent that Danny gave off as she walked past stirred desires in her that she didn't know existed. When she came back, Danny held two wine glasses in her hand. She offered one to Liselle, and she gladly took it. Although this wasn't the first time that she's had alcohol, she knew that her tolerance was quite low. Regardless, she took a large gulp of it anyway.

"Slow down, Liselle, the night is just beginning. We wouldn't want you to become completely inebriated before the night's over now, would we?" Danny laughed. Those blue, blue eyes, like sapphires, gazed into Liselle's green eyes, and there it was again, that fluttering in her heart that she'd felt the first day she'd met her. 

Liselle tried to jerk herself out of her stupor, focusing on thinking of something to say. She finally noted that she hadn't seen anyone else in the house yet. "Where are the rest of the girls?" she asked while trying hard, with some success, to prevent herself from unconsciously staring down at Danny's body. 

"They're still getting ready. Don't worry, they will be down shortly to join us."

"This house is very nice, Danny. Are all the rooms in the house this large?"

Danny thought for a moment. "Each room in this house is approximately the same size. The only one that's slightly larger than most would be mine, since I've lived here the longest. They are all furnished with the same type of furniture you see here. Personally, I think that our furnishings are much preferable to most of the other houses that I've been to." She leaned in close to Liselle. "There is a desk and drawers for clothes in each room, and the bed is of a comfortable size. Definitely more than enough room for one person." Danny's scent seemed to permeate through the distance between them, and Liselle found herself caught in that faint fragrance that so tugged at the core of her being. "Would you like me to show you my room? The one that will be yours is being cleared of the things the previous occupant left behind."

Liselle nodded in assent, and she rose to follow Danny. As she followed her, Liselle noted the way Danny's hips swayed sensuously from side to side, the hem of her dress brushing the hard wood floor with a soft swishing sound. She noted with some surprise that the glass in her hand was empty, not even realizing that she'd already drunk the rest of the wine that she'd been offered. She felt slightly lightheaded, but elated at the same time.

Danny opened the door to her room. Inside, more candles had been lit against the walls. She led Liselle to the bed, which had been carefully made with soft sheets the colour of lavender. Liselle took another sip from her wine glass, which she noted had been refilled by Danny.

There, Danny asked her about her past, and where she came from. It felt almost like a personal interview, but it wasn't quite that formal. As she talked, she could feel her cheeks starting to become flushed from all the wine she had consumed. All the same, Danny moved almost imperceptibly closer to her as she talked about her school and the degree that she wanted to pursue. All of this was suddenly lost to Liselle as she realized that Danny was sitting nearly nose to nose with her, the sweet scent of her breath brushing her cheek. Danny ran one hand lightly up her shoulder and it rested at the back of her neck. Before she could react, Danny leaned forward and kissed her. It was a tentative first kiss, and Danny pulled back slightly to look into Liselle's emerald green eyes, trying to gauge her reaction. Liselle wasn't sure what to think, but her body told her that she wanted more, and so, perhaps emboldened by the wine, she rested her hands on Danny's waist and pulled her in for another, longer kiss. This time, the passion of their kiss was no longer subdued, and their lips locked in together with a fervent longing. Danny parted her lips, and she traced the tip of her tongue around Liselle's lips, featherlike and fleeting. When Liselle could no longer stand the tension that Danny had built within her, she took her tongue into her mouth and gently suckled it. There, they continued their kissing as their hands now fully embraced each other and their tongues danced and probed.

Breathlessly, Danny pulled back just as Liselle was going in for second rounds. Both their faces were completely flushed, and Danny giggled a bit. "You're a really good kisser, you know that?" She pushed Liselle onto the bed and straddled her in her gown. The way she was leaning over revealed a lot of skin to Liselle and she blushed profusely, trying not to rudely stare down Danny's top. Of course, Danny realized what was happening, and she rose up to a sitting position still on top of her. Slowly, agonizingly slowly, she first peeled one shoulder off her gown, then the other, revealing a set of lovely breasts. Her light brown nipples were perfect in shape, and she asked in a teasing voice, "Would you like to suck on them?" Those words brought a new embarrassment to Liselle, and she tried to hide her face from Danny's nudity.

Taking advantage of the situation, Danny snuck down and stole another kiss from her. When Liselle refused to open her eyes, Danny drew her tongue around her lips again and again in that teasing fashion, and then moved down the nape of Liselle's neck to suckle on her earlobes. This sensation was new to her, and without warning she clenched her legs together, feeling the fire in her loins start to light. Danny's tongue teased her neck down to the hollow of her shoulder, where she drew circles in that tender flesh with her lips. Liselle gave an involuntary grown, and again she pressed her legs together. "It won't be long now," Danny whispered into her ear.

With that, Danny moved down the length of Liselle's body, her hands roaming to the hem of her blouse, lifting it until she could get access to her breasts. There, she unclipped the front clasp of Liselle's bra and fondled her breasts with her hands, kneading and massaging those sensitive tissues. It was all Liselle could do to stop from moaning out loud. She closed her eyes, intently concentrating on the hands that were manipulating her young body with an ease that almost frightened her. Danny seemed to know all her pleasure spots, and soon she was like a puddle melting between Danny's hands. At one point, her blouse had been removed which now gave Danny's mouth access to those small but shapely breasts. Danny sucked her pink nipples gently into her mouth, twisting her tongue this way and that, all the while her hands were lightly unbuttoning Liselle's jeans. Liselle put up the most futile of resistances, trying to push Danny's hands away from her jeans, but Danny just nibbled on her nipple, drawing a gasp of pleasure and pain from her lips.

Her shoes and jeans now removed, Liselle was laid out on Danny's bed in all her naked glory. Danny's eyes hungered with a lust that she could feel at the depth of her soul, and she knew that Danny was going to have her tonight, one way or another. At this point, it was almost completely useless to resist her now. The way that Danny made her feel was almost too much to bear, and she squirmed this way and that as Danny kissed her way from her belly, down one thigh, then up the other, leaving a trail of saliva along the way. Her black lacy panties were all that was left on her body, Danny lifted Liselle's legs, tracing her tongue against the inside of her thighs at the border of her panties.
