 This is not a true story, just a fantasy of mine even though the ending is reminiscent of how something in my life actually went down. For those who want to know I don't think I'll be finishing my other series but if anyone wants to write an ending for it I'm okay with that. From now on I'm only posting completed stories. 

Anyways, this one is for Bri. I'm sorry I didn't try harder.

**********

I was just starting to shower, still adjusting the temperature when the curtain was ripped open. My suitemate, who also happened to be my RA, stepped into the stall with me and got down to her knees. She forced my legs apart and put one up on the ledge. If I hadn't been so surprised by the whole situation I might have put up some sort of fight. I say might but in all honesty I'd been crushing on her for the past four months and she knew it. I had told her the last time I was drunk (about a week ago) that she could do whatever she wanted to me and then kissed her. She kissed back for a second before she detached herself and looked at me with an unreadable whirlpool of emotion in her eyes. Then she turned away and locked herself in the bathroom we shared. I hadn't talked to her since. 

So forgive me for not pushing the object of my affection away when she came into my shower and practically buried her face between my legs. I watched her as she leaned forward and when she looked up our eyes locked. There was a question there, so far she had taken control of this but it looked like she wasn't sure she was allowed to continue. I swallowed hard and managed to give her a nod of my head to let her know it was okay. 

She looked back down to my pussy and then oh so slowly ran her tongue from the bottom to the top of my slit and over my button. My eyes hooded over and I shuddered, letting out the groan I was trying to suppress in the process. She continued her ministrations, starting on the outside and lazily working her way to my inner folds. 

How did I end up here? I found me asking myself. How did it go from her not talking to me for a week to her surprising me in the shower with what I was quickly learning was a very talented tongue? I racked my brain to think of what changed but soon I couldn't keep a coherent sentence going let alone contemplate the thought processes that led to this situation.

Another moan escaped my lips when she sucked my clit into her mouth and bathed it with her tongue. She let it go then ran her mouth along the sides of me, kissing my swollen labia every so often as she went. Her fingers were dancing on the insides of my thighs, tracing foreign patterns on the delicate skin. Her tongue delved in between my folds again and it felt like she was memorizing every contour I had to offer. She moved back up and grabbed my clit in between her teeth, gently tugging at it.

Fuck I was going insane.

My back arched involuntarily against the cool tile to push myself further into her mouth, one of my hands found its way into her short black hair and quickly got tangled in it. The back of my other arm pressed against my forehead and covered my eyes that were by now tightly shut. My stomach muscles were burning from being repeatedly clenched at random intervals as she found new spots that only heightened my arousal.

She licked every crevice and once in a while she would stiffen her tongue and thrust it into me a few times before moving back to my clit. Every time I got close to coming she would move again, prolonging my pleasure and my torture as well. I wasn't sure I could take much longer. Each flick of her tongue made my knees weaker, each nibble caused me to roll my hips, each time her mouth captured a part of me I would tighten my grip in her hair. 

I dared a glace down, immediately regretting it. She was looking up at me, those dark green eyes that had been haunting me for months watching as I writhed beneath her. The thought occurred that she had been watching the entire time and it tipped me over the edge. My body froze for a second before shockwaves of pleasure washed over me. As the first wave hit me my eyes squeezed shut again. My back arched almost painfully and I wanted to scream but at first no noise came out. Soon after it started though I was aware that obscenities were streaming out of my mouth although what I said I can't be sure. The orgasm lasted for what seemed like forever but eventually I came back down.

I hadn't noticed that she'd kept licking me the entire way through but when I was done and panting hard I could feel her still lapping up whatever juices she had missed. My breathing slowly went back to normal and she moved her arms out from under me and started to stand. It was a bad decision on her part because as soon as her arms were gone my knees buckled and I fell on my ass.

She got back down and looked at me worriedly. "Are you okay?" she asked as she reached out her hands and placed them on either side of my face.

I laughed with as much energy as I could gather and responded, "Define okay."

She smiled. God that smile was sexy.

"Why did you..." I started to ask but she silenced me with a finger and shushed.

I waited for her to say something but she just looked at me, studying my face with an expression that I still couldn't read. It was pretty much the same expression she had given me a week ago when we first kissed but this time it looked a little different. Happier maybe? I couldn't really tell.

So what were we now? I knew I liked her, hell I would even go so far as to say I was in love with her. But did she like me too? Would she want to be with me or was this a one time thing? An experiment that I had inadvertently snagged a position in when I told her she could have me? I wasn't sure and the fact that she still hadn't said anything had me expecting the worst, especially since she was my resident assistant and I'm guessing assisting the residents to mind-blowing orgasms wasn't in the job description. But she wouldn't be my RA for much longer, we moved out of the dorms tomorrow and then there would only be an age difference to deal with, although 24 seemed like a long way from 19...

I was lost in my own thoughts at this point and I didn't notice that her eyes were no longer roaming per se. They were glancing back and forth between my eyes and my mouth. When I did notice though, I looked at hers and licked my lips. 

I did it because I was told once that when you want someone to kiss you that that's what you do. You either look at their lips or you lick yours. And I really wanted to kiss her. 

Of course I wasn't sure if it would work or not being as inexperienced as I am, I mean what she had just done to me was the furthest I'd ever gone with anyone by a long shot. I suppose I could've just leaned forward and made it happen myself, but I wanted her to do it. Lucky for me it did the trick because soon I felt her leaning forward, her breath sweet against my skin. 

She paused just before our lips touched and my breathing hitched. She closed the gap and my first thought was that we fit. Her lips and mine pressed perfectly together and I could taste myself on her. It was a soft, short kiss, not a peck but not much longer than a couple of seconds. 

When she pulled back I leaned forward and brushed my lips quickly against hers before she got too far away. Then I did it again. And again. 

She laughed a little at that.

"Alright, before we get carried away again can we at least get out of the shower?"

I had forgotten about where we were, but once she mentioned it the cold water was hard to ignore and I felt that my fingers were starting to get wrinkly. I really didn't care as long as I was with her though.

"Carried away?" I said with an impish look, "If that's what you call that then we should get carried away more often." 

She responded by saying, "If that's what you'd like I think we could make that happen." While she grinned at me.

Then her confidence seemed to falter and she sounded almost nervous as she continued.

"It's what I'd like anyways..."

I looked at her a bit surprised. I mean yeah she had just eaten me out in the shower with no real reason, but she also didn't talk to me for a week after we had first kissed. I still didn't know if she'd want to do it again.

"Um yeah," I said with a slight chuckle. "I want to do that again. A lot."

"Yeah?" she looked up with me with a hopeful look on her face.

"Yeah." I reassured her.

It looked like it was sinking in, that she could actually do with me what she pleased and the more it sank in the happier she seemed to get.

"Shall we take this somewhere else then?" she asked me.

"Hell yes!" I readily agreed then leaned forward and kissed her hard before standing up. I shut the water off, and half ran half skipped to my room. I jumped onto my bed and started clearing various pieces of clothes from the sheets. I turned around when I was done to see her just standing in the doorway.

"Well come on!" I patted the space next to me on my bed.

"I'm all wet though..."

"So?"

She didn't say anything so I rolled my eyes and said, "Come here and I'll tell you a secret." 

She slowly walked towards my bed.

"Little closer."

She took a step forward.

"Liiiiittle closer."

She took another step forward.

By now she was within a foot of my bed and I beckoned her to lean forward with my finger. She complied and I brushed my cheek against hers as I made my way to whisper in her ear.

"I don't care if you get my sheets wet. With water or anything else for that matter. And honestly I don't want you to just be wet," I snaked my tongue out to trace along the outside of her ear and then sucked in her earlobe resulting in an appreciative moan that I loved, "I want you dripping." 

Apparently that was too much for her because she made an animalistic groan and then tackled me onto the bed. With my arms pinned down by her hands I was at her mercy as she made her way up and down my body, kissing and biting as she went. It was like she wanted to take all of me in at once and couldn't decide upon one spot to stay for more than a few seconds. She wedged her leg in between mine and pretty soon I was involuntarily grinding on her strong thigh as she settled down a little and concentrated on my chest.

She kneaded my breasts with her hands and planted kisses along the underside before moving up and drawing lazy circles around my nipples with her tongue. I whimpered when she got close to touching one and when she finally did I thrust my chest upward. She took the hint and sucked it into her mouth which felt so fucking good. 

Eventually I wanted more than just something to grind against so I reached down with one of my now free hands and was about to get a finger in when she pulled my hand away. I muttered something about her being a bitch for depriving me pleasure and she laughed a bit.

She detached herself from my nipple and looked at me with a smirk on her face.

"I'm depriving you, huh?" she said as she ran her hands up and down my ribcage.

"Yeah," I practically whined.

She reached down in between my legs and slipped two of her fingers in and out of me quickly a few times. My hips bucked from the unexpected contact.

"It doesn't feel like I'm depriving you," she said and then put one of her fingers in her mouth and licked it clean.

"It doesn't taste like I'm depriving you either. Does it taste like I'm depriving you?" she offered her other finger to me. 

"No," I answered, "but I meant -- "

"Ah ah ah," she interrupted, "how can you know if it tastes like it or not if you didn't taste it?" 

Ugh I just wanted her to fuck me, was that so hard for her to understand? 

She raised her eyebrows and gave me an expression that basically said 'I'm not touching you again until you do this'.

I narrowed my eyes at her and then sucked her finger into my mouth, making sure that thing was damn clean before I let it back out with a loud pop then defiantly said, "No it doesn't taste like you're depriving me." I figured I'd have to let her play her game before I could get what I wanted.

"Good girl." She smiled at me. "Now just trust me, I'll take care of you. But you can't rush perfection. And for you darling, I want this to be perfect." 

Then she leaned closer to whisper in my ear, "And just so you know, you're adorable when you're angry."

She gave me a kiss on the cheek before going back to what she was doing earlier with the added pleasure of her hand between my legs.

I moaned my appreciation as she moved two then three fingers in and out of me. She kept a slow but steady pace with her thumb circling my clit and soon I was rolling my hips with the rhythm. 

The way she had me pinned to the bed she had one of my legs in between hers and I could feel her wetness on my thigh whenever I lifted my pelvis. Her free hand ran along my chest and stomach and her fingers left burning trails in the skin. I had never been touched so affectionately or purposefully, it felt like she was blind and was trying to see what she had under her but she was watching her hand glide across me the entire time. When she circled back up towards my neck and eventually reached my face our eyes met. 

Her green eyes were shades darker than what I've ever seen and I'm sure mine were too. Then she kissed me as she continued to thrust her fingers into me. I moved my hands up her back and brought them around to her cheeks to pull her deeper into the kiss. Our lips were crushing each other's but it felt so good that we didn't let up.

The more passionate the kiss became the faster she fingered me. I felt my orgasm building up fast and I gave myself maybe a minute or two before I came. Apparently she didn't want to wait that long though because she curled her fingers inside me and rubbed against a spot I've not ever found on my own and it was amazing. She told me to come for her and that's exactly what I did. 

Even if I could have held out for a while longer with her hitting my g-spot her voice was my undoing. And really it's always something about her that pushes me over the edge, even when I touch myself I always imagine her eyes or her smile or her voice and it becomes too much for me to handle. 

The fact that it was happening for real though made it so much better. 

I bucked wildly against her hand and saw stars from squeezing my eyes too tight. My whole body was convulsing randomly and spastically. It was hard and it was out of control and it was pure ecstasy. I felt light-headed and I was exhausted. The next thing I knew she was just lying next to me tracing those same patterns along my shoulder.

"Well hey there." She said when she noticed I was awake again.

"Hi." I responded with a weak smile.

"You always do that?" she asked.

"What, pass out?"

"Yeah."

"No."

We both laughed a bit at that.

"Well I will take that as a compliment then." She said before rearranging herself to fit next to me a little better.

The feel of her moving against me started to turn me on again and that's when I remembered I hadn't done anything to her yet. I reached behind me and felt the subtle lines where her abs were.

"I want to do you." I mumbled in a half-asleep state.

She chuckled and said, "You want to do me?" with one eyebrow up.

"Yeah." I answered as I continued to move my hand along her stomach but worked on getting it a little further south.

I didn't get very far before she took my hand in hers and gently moved it back around to my front.

I frowned and she smiled again.

"Maybe later okay? You're tired and I'm fine to just hold you for a while."

"Damn right you're fine."

She laughed at that and it felt good to know that I caused that beautiful sound.

"When I wake up though, you better be ready cause I'm gonna..." I trailed off and that's the last thing I remember before I fell asleep.

"Sweet dreams." She whispered before kissing my forehead and closing her eyes to fall asleep herself.

**********

I don't know how long she stayed but I do know that when I woke up the next morning she wasn't there. I went and knocked on her bathroom door but there was no answer. Confused, I walked back to my room and sat for a second before I noticed there was a note on my desk.

I figured it would say that she had to pack up her car and would be right back or something but instead this is what it said:

Pretty Girl,

I'm sorry I'm not there and I'm sorry that I won't be there later today or tomorrow either. I just don't think it would be a good idea if we were to see each other. I don't know if I could handle our type of relationship. Maybe someday down the road we can try again but for now I just can't do it. I want you to know that I didn't just use you though, yesterday was the happiest I've been in a long time, and I really do like you. Please don't make this harder than it is. Have a good life and I'll see you when I see you.

I'll see you when I see you? What the fuck? I thought we were starting something, not sure what but having anything with her was better than having nothing. Now I had nothing.

And perhaps the worst part about that note was that she didn't sign it, instead she had kissed the bottom of the page. I felt miserable the entire way home that day and continued to be sad for a month straight before I even started to get over her. By the time I came back to college in the fall I had learned how to live with only thinking about her a few times a day instead of consistently throughout. Before she graduated at the end of the semester, I saw her once across campus but I was too far away to say anything and I'm not sure she would have wanted me to anyways. It's spring now and I haven't seen her since.

**********