 She kneels before her queen fully naked and waiting to please her every need. Her queen is beautiful, tall, slender and naked as well.

Her small but firm breasts with her hard long nipples are deliciously devious to suck on. Her long flowing blonde hair, when let down out of her bun, cascades down the small of her back and it kisses just above her curvaceous back side. Her deep, almost clear blue eyes draws her pet into her queens soul and devours her whole. It leaves her pet breathless and wanting more.

Her queens legs are spread just enough to reveal her sweet wet lips. Her pet can tell that her queen is aroused already and also that she wants nothing more than to please her queen. She wants to kiss those lips, to nibble, to pull, to bite and suck on them. To hear her queens erotic moans that penetrate right through her heart and leaves her body quivering.

On her knees, her pet watches her queen looking down upon her and she stares back at her queen right up into heaven. Her queens red lips move in a melodic tone. Approving of her pets obedience, she tells her pet how beautiful she is. Also, she tells her pet how she wants her, but her pet feels her beauty pales in comparison.

Her queens pale skin is in deep contrast to her pets dark suntan skin. Her hair is black and short. It only goes to her neck. Her body is larger but very, very proportionate with large, full breasts and sweet dark, plump nipples. Her queen fantasies of all the different ways in which she can please her and be pleased by her. She wants to be eaten by her pet in such a needful way that she is already wet at just the slightest thought of it.

Her long red finger nails dig through her pets hair as she pulls her into her wetness, seeking her body to join into hers as one in love.

Her pet feels her queens need for her reaching a crescendo. She gives into her queens demands. She kisses her queens sweet, wet lips. Tasting her intoxicatingly dark desires. Her queen tastes familiar, the way only a lover can. 

Her queen holds back her moaning for as long as she can bear to. She gasps when her pet kisses her wetness. Her eyes squeeze shut and her hands grab her hair and pulls her into her body harder. Her hips writhe in motion with her pets mouth. Her pets hands grasp her ass and hold on tight.

Not letting go of her queen, she starts with a kiss, then a lick before being forced deep inside her love. She begins to suck on those lips which is followed by nibbling upon them. Listening to her queen moan, she can feel her body shake. Tasting her sweet nectar, she is enjoying every last drop.

Her pet pulls on her lips and she let's out a long resounding moan that turns into a yell as her pet nibbles and sucks them. Her queens body needs her pet more and more. She can feel an orgasm building within, begging for release that only her pet can let her escape from.

Her pets tongue is long and devours her cunt in ways that makes her feel like a starved wolf taking down an innocent deer. Her pet is the wolf and she is her deer. Willingly, she lets it all happen and she enjoys every titillating, ecstatic second.

Her toes curl when her pets tongue lunges in and up. Her pets whole mouth is agape as she consumes her queen from within her body. Eating all of her queens luscious wants and deepest desires.

Her pet watches her queen, searching for the pleasure that's written clearly all over her queens face. Her queens head tilts back and forth. Her eyes open wide and squeeze shut from the sexual dance. Her queens body moves with her and for her, all on its own. She knows her queen all too well.

Her queens pussy pulsates and quivers and let's out her sweet, intoxicating juices that run into her mouth. She drinks it all in. Delicious. She feels like the wolf devouring her prey, yet she is supposed to be the pet.

Her queens breath is let out in shorter gasps and her moans are deeper. Her queens body is tensing for her orgasmic release.

Then, all of a sudden and with a gush of fluid into her mouth, her queen cums for her. She screams and moans. Her body is shaking and very tense as the orgasmic eruption continues. Her pet doesn't stop eating her queen until her queen collapses to the floor into her waiting embrace.

Her queen let's go of her death grip on her head. She is panting and gasping as she goes limp and falls gently into her pets open arms. Both of them are on their knees. Her pet strokes the wet, sweaty hair out of her queens eyes and strokes her forehead. She becomes lost in her queen lovers eyes as her queen rests her head upon her lap.

She wants only to please her queen as she knows she already has, but it's never enough. Her queen holds her tight and she leans in for a kiss without asking. She forgets her place and yet is not reprimanded. She is pleased to kiss her lips. To feel her queen tasting herself. To taste how good she is to her.

Their lips lock in a blissful clasp of pure pleasure borne out of love. Her queen can taste herself on her pets lips. She's never tasted herself before. It's kinda sweet as her pet has described it to her time and again. She has never even tasted her pet before either. She has always been the receiver of her pets oral pleasure and she has always pleased her pet sexually with toys, but never orally. Maybe she will soon. She has not wanted to do it before out of fear of giving up control. Yet, she now feels a certain degree of willingness to do so. Of course, it will only take place as she she commands.

She pushes her pet to lay down after the enjoyable kiss departs her lips. Leaving her body in need of more, they lay in each others arms, holding on to one another tightly. She lays her head upon her pets soft tit with her eyes closed. She finds her mouth sucking her pets lovely hard nipple and listening to her purr as she strokes her queens hair. Her pets other hand is grasping her queens breast and playing with the nipple that's already hard enough.

Her queens fingers slide down her body, caressing every inch of her flesh. Goose bumps spring up everywhere. Her queens red nails glide over her clit and flicks it. Her pet yelps out a squeak of pains pleasure. Her queen nibbles her nipple and more moaning exudes from both the queen and her pet. Her queens finger glides between wet labia, arousing sexual fluids to pour out.

Her pet pulls on her nipple in reaction. Her queen growls animalistically. Loving it all, her queens finger finds its way up and down her lips. Her pets body arches in orgasmic desires.

Then, another finger enters her pets temple. Curling upward in a come hither motion, it searches and finds her g spot. She finds it squishy and ready to blow. Her pet has had more than one orgasm that she can sense from her body movements. Her queens fingers are sticky with the release of such pent up emotions. Now, her pet feels another one ready to come out of her already spent body. 

Her pet holds onto to her queen, grabbing anything that she can. She feels lost without her. Oh, the way her queen makes her cum is heavenly. She feels like she has to pee and asks for her queen to stop, but she doesn't as her queen knows best. She tells her pet to let it go and that it's an orgasmic squirt.

Her pet tries to let it go, but can't. She squeezes her queen even more forcefully. Her queen commands her now and she tries to and fails once more. It's hard to let it go she thinks while she moans out in short painfully erotic gasps.

Another orgasm rages through her already perspiring body. She is shaking and gasping for release that her queen won't abide to. Her queen knows what's best for her, yet she already knows that so she tries once more for her queen.

Her queen is screaming yes almost as much as her pet is as she knows what's about to happen. Her pets mouth is open in a quiet scream. Gripping her queens shoulders and hair, her body arched and her head tilted back, her eyes are closed and her queen continues to suck each nipple exquisitely and painfully pleasurable. All the while her queen is finger fucking her pet into sweet oblivion.

With an unknown force, her body convulses. Her pussy contracts and she let's out what feels like pee but isn't. She squirted a little. Not a lot, but enough to get the floor wet along with her queens hand. She shakes and giggles and pants and gasps and she can't help but smile so bright from what her queen just did for her for the very first time.

Her queen unexpectedly licks her hand to taste her pet. She closes her eyes as she does so and thinks of how yummy her pet tastes. She wants more, but not now. Her pet deserves a rest.

Her pet holds her hand in hers and licks her queens fingers. She stares into her queens eyes as she does so and moans with deep satisfaction. 

Her queen lays back down on her pets chest and her pet once more strokes her queens hair until they both fall into a deep, peaceful rest.

Her queen dreams just how she'll please her pet orally when they wake and her pet dreams of just how incredible this all was and also how she will give her queen even better treatment.

Until they wake, we let the lovers rest. Lost in dreams of sexual bliss.