 Note: As always, this is a work of fiction and any and all persons depicted herein are figments of my own imagination. Any resemblance they bear to any other persons, real or fictional, is purely coincidental and unintended. This work is copyrighted by me, so don't steal it, copy it, plagiarize it, re-post it or use it without my express permission.

Note 2: This work contains adult themes and graphic depictions of sexual acts between consenting characters who, although fictional, are all over the age of eighteen.

Enjoy!

**************************

The Life-Giver removed her robe and reclined back onto the throne. Her body had been covered in henna ink drawings in a Celtic design. She wore a decadent smile... a smile of knowing; a smile that hinted at what she knew was about to unfold before her. One of her attendants, still dressed in her black silk tunic, led the first initiate to her. And that's when things got weird... oh so deliciously weird.

***

It was Tuesday. Nothing good ever happens on a Tuesday. I said as much to Deirdre, my hipster, granola loving roommate. God love her, she's a piece of work. We had both graduated the same year, but from different colleges and had both been selected for an apprenticeship program with a big cyber security firm. It didn't pay much the first two years and the work schedule was brutal, but, if you didn't wash out, the promotion to full-time programmer came with a nice raise and some sweet benefits. I had gotten my degree with a double-major in computer science and electrical engineering from a big state university down south where my social life was a blur of football games, fraternity parties and alumni mixers. 

I had been a big drinker and partier... for the first two years. After that, getting drunk and puking in a parking lot while some douchebag tried to convince me to let him feel me up lost its glamour. Plus, my course work got a lot harder and required more and more of my time. And, let's face it, the guys I met in my engineering and computer science classes were... an eclectic lot. I got along fine with them and was totally able to get my nerd on around them, but they weren't exactly the type to get my panties in a bunch. Some of them tried, often way too hard, but most of the time, I didn't know whether I should laugh at them or take pity on them and try to teach them a little about how to talk to actual girls.

Deirdre, on the other hand, had attended a private, all-girls' college up north. Her college social life probably involved a lot of bad, angry poetry and political marches. However, even though she referred to me as the sorority slut and I teased her about hairy armpits and Birkenstocks, we got along really well. For one thing, she was a gifted programmer and I was learning a lot from her, and for another, she was a total neat freak. It was nice having an apartment that was clean enough to eat off the floors. Also, she didn't really have hairy armpits. I caught a glimpse of her in the bathroom one day -- she had a cute little figure and she was wearing lacy black underwear; something that surprised me for a girl whose wardrobe consisted of ironic tee-shirts and baggy jeans. 

We sometimes went out together on the weekends, but most of the time, she would stay home and do online gaming. Not me. After a week of 12 hour-days spent hunched over a computer screen, the last thing I wanted to look at was another computer. Deirdre's only other social event was the club-organization thing she went to every Tuesday night. It was something called the "Red Coven" and I assumed that it was somehow gaming related. Every once in a while, she would invite me to come along with her, but I always found an excuse to decline. 

Then I broke up with the guy I had been dating. I had met him in college and we had talked about long-term plans. I had landed this apprenticeship, but after a year, he was still mostly unemployed and bouncing between part-time jobs. He finally decided that he would join the military instead of wasting the rest of his 20s serving coffee to yuppies and I applauded him for that. But, it meant that our lives were about to take very different directions. I couldn't leave and he couldn't stay. We ended things as friends, but I was surprised at how much it had affected me. It's weird waking up one day and finding out that everything you planned for has changed and I remember feeling alone and my job suddenly felt pointless. I didn't know what to do with myself and I found myself moping around the apartment.

That's when Deirdre got tired of listening to me whine. 

"Nothing good ever happens on a Tuesday," I said, gloomily. "I looked it up. There's a website where you can plug in any date in history and it will tell you what day of the week it happened on."

"Oh?" replied Deirdre, rolling her eyes. "Such as?"

"9-11 happened on a Tuesday. So did Columbine," I said flatly. "Also, Rome was sacked by the Visigoths on a Tuesday. The French revolution started on a Tuesday. Elvis died on a Tuesday."

"Did he?" asked Deirdre, sarcastically.

"Yes, and," I continued, "and so did Superman actor George Reeves and Richard the First of England." I paused and tried to remember some more. "And... and...St. Thomas Beckett of Canterbury was murdered on a Tuesday! You can't expect me to go out and have a good time on the same day of the week that freaking Saints get murdered in the streets!"

Deirdre had folded her arms and was scowling at me. Her finger tapped on her arm. "You're an idiot." was all she said. She grabbed her jacket and car keys and went to the door, where she turned and looked at me. "Let's go, bozo. You need to get out of this place. Bad!"

I had to admit that I needed something. Anything. Any distraction would be good for me. When you start using the 900 year old murder of a saint as an excuse not to leave your apartment, you have to realize that you have a problem. I sighed and grabbed my coat from the closet and followed Deirdre to her car. 

"So, what IS this thing... this 'Red Coven?'" I asked when we were pulling out of the garage. "Is it some role-playing game... like dungeons and dragons or something? Do I need dice? I don't have any dice."

Deirdre just laughed. "No, stupid. You don't need dice. It's a witch coven. I mean, we don't have magic powers or anything. We don't cast spells and turn people into newts or stupid stuff like that. It's just a private club for women to sit around doing chick things. We call ourselves witches because it's fun and empowering. I know it sounds childish, but it's not like that. It's just an excuse to have some girl time. And, at the end, we have the ceremony."

"Ceremony?" I asked, dubiously. I suddenly regretted agreeing to come along. "What, do you sacrifice a chicken or something?"

Deirdre rolled her eyes. "No, you're thinking of Santeria. This is more of a ... a... pseudo druidic kind of thing. No one gets sacrificed. We just drink a lot of wine and then we go down into Ellie's basement and we have a silly druid-witch ceremony where we put on these special robes and chant and... well... it sounds stupid when you describe it, but it's very loving and sisterly. Afterward, you just feel this loving glow and it helps you get through the drudgery of everyday life."

"Sort of like, Monty Python and the Holy Yoga, or some shit?" I asked.

Deirdre burst out laughing. "Yeah, something like that."

Ellie, the leader of the Red Coven, lived out in the suburbs in a very normal looking neighborhood. This was the land of soccer moms and SUVs. It was exactly where I had pictured myself living in a few years with Kevin and 2 or 3 kids. One of them would be on adderol and the other would take piano lessons. And we'd bitch about taxes. It suddenly felt very dull to me. I wondered if I'd dodged a bullet by breaking things off with him. Maybe this WASN'T what I really wanted. We pulled into the driveway of a brick colonial. There were already a bunch of other cars around.

When we went inside, it looked like the kind of "party" my mom would have. A bunch of very normal looking women standing around drinking wine and chatting. Chatting about schools and vacation plans and how much the neighbor's house just sold for. I couldn't believe that this was anything my hippie-dippy roommate would be able to stand for more than ten minutes. But the hostess, Ellie came up and greeted us as we were removing our coats, clearly looking excited to see Deirdre. Ellie was in her mid thirties and was one of those fitness moms that always seemed to have a ponytail and to be wearing a workout suit, but with her makeup and nails perfect. Which was exactly how she was dressed. As if she'd just finished doing five miles on the treadmill.

"Deirdre's here!" Ellie announced to the other women. "We can get started."

I turned to Deirdre, a little startled. I needed a little time and a LOT more wine before I started participating in a druidic ritual in the basement of some soccer mom I didn't know. But Deirdre just charged past me into the living room. I followed. There, I saw several rows of easels set up with one at the far end of the room facing the other direction. Here and there were little tables with painting supplies on them. The hardwood floor had been covered with a tarp. Deirdre went up to the easel at the front of the room and called everyone in.

As the women filed into the living room, Deirdre called for someone to bring her some wine. Something red, she insisted, and they all laughed. Apparently, the "red" in "Red Coven" was for red wine, which was all there was to drink. I went to the kitchen to fetch a glass for both of us and then we all took a place at an easel. Deirdre was the painting instructor and she led us through the steps as we all painted a landscape scene; mountains with trees blowing in the wind and big dramatic clouds in the sky. I sucked at painting, but, I followed along and, the more wine I drank, the more I got into it. Some of the women were quite good, but most of us were just being silly. As we were finishing our paintings, Deirdre walked around to inspect our work. When she got to mine, she remarked that my mountains looked like two big, purple boobs. Again, more laughter. I was having fun. Real fun, for the first time in many weeks and I was suddenly very grateful for having a friend like Deirdre. 

Ellie and a couple of the others began cleaning up and the rest of us were instructed to go downstairs and get ready. Deirdre led me along. "Don't worry, I'll show you what to do. I'll make you a candle-bearer, so you won't have to worry about memorizing any lines. You just have to stand there and observe. You can join in when you're ready to."

I wondered what she meant by "join in" but I was a little tipsy and just went along with it. The large basement was fully finished, but the furniture had been moved against the walls, leaving a large empty space in the middle, save for a large wooden chair that resembled a throne. I was led into a storage room off to the side where there was a clothes rack with a bunch of outfits hanging neatly on it. They were all silk tunics in different colors. Deirdre handed me a white one, while she grabbed a red one for herself. I wasn't sure what to do with it until I saw all of the other women taking off all of their clothes and then putting their own tunics on. Hesitantly, I did the same. The tunic was essentially a long piece of silk cloth with a hole that fit over your head, and a single set of ties on each side at the hip. The tunic fell to just above my knees and I was totally naked underneath, like everyone else. The tunic fit very loosely and you could see everything if you moved even slightly. But, I was the only one that appeared nervous about any of this, so I just went along with the others.

"I'm so excited," said one of the women.

"Me too! Karen is finally back! We'll get to have the Life-Giver ceremony for the first time in, like, forever!" replied her companion.

"What is she talking about," I asked Deirdre in a hushed tone. 

"Karen has been out forever on maternity leave. She had the baby almost a year ago, but she's been nursing, so she couldn't drink. But she's back for the first time tonight and that means we get to have a special ceremony for her. You'll see." Deirdre handed me a candle on a long pole. "Here" she said as she lit it, "Just stand in the circle with the other candle holders. You don't have to say anything. Just watch and enjoy!" she winked at me and went to join the others.

I took my place next to six other women who were standing in a semi-circle around the chair in the middle of the room. They, too, were dressed in white tunics and holding candles. The women in red tunics were all kneeling on the floor in front of the chair, leaving an aisle down the middle. Their heads were down and they began to chant in an unfamiliar language. Heck, as tipsy as they all were, it could have been gibberish. We candle-bearers stood silent. The lights were turned off suddenly so that the only light was from our candles. It gave the room a weird and almost medieval feel. For the first time, I looked around and saw that the decorations on the walls were all gothic looking and they cast long, intimidating shadows that seemed to dance around the room in the flickering candle light. 

After a few moments, the hostess appeared at the end of the room. She was wrapped in a brilliant gold cape and flanked by two women in black tunics. As she began to walk forward, the chant changed into something more harsh and more threatening, but no less intelligible to me. I had assumed that Ellie would be seated in the throne, but instead, when she reached the front of the crowd, she turned to face them. 

"Initiates, arise," she commanded. The women dressed in red all stood. I looked around at the other candle bearers for some clue as to what I was supposed to be doing, but they all stood there, motionless and silent, staring straight ahead.

One of the women in a black tunic brought a large, leather-bound book to Ellie. She opened it to a page that had been marked and began to read from it. It was a long prayer-like ritual that required responses from the initiates. When she was done, Ellie made an announcement. "Fellow initiates, we have a special treat this evening. Sister Karen has returned to us and she has volunteered to serve us as the Life Giver. As you all know, it is a rare occasion that we can perform this special ritual. So, while we have been saying our homage to the goddess, Karen has been bathed and prepared for the ceremony. Let us begin the Life Giver ritual now!"

With that, two more women in black tunics appeared at the back of the room, each holding a woman, Karen presumably, by the arm. She was clothed in a long white robe that flowed out behind her as she walked. She was led up to the throne in silence, and then the two women in black tunics withdrew. She was the Life-Giver.

The Life-Giver removed her robe and reclined back onto the throne. Her body had been covered in henna drawings in a Celtic design. She wore a decadent smile... a smile of knowing; a smile that hinted at what she knew was about to unfold before her. One of her attendants, still dressed in her black silk tunic, led the first initiate to her. And that's when things got weird... oh so deliciously weird.

Ellie stood to the side and opened her robe, exposing herself to the room. She was naked underneath and her firm nautilus-toned body radiated health and vitality in the candle-light. Her pubic hair was trimmed into a thin line. "Do you accept the blessing of the Life-Giver?" She demanded.

The woman knelt before the throne and bowed her head, replying, "Yes, as the goddess showers us with her wisdom and guidance, I accept the blessing of the Life- Giver."

"Then stand, and receive your blessing," Ellie commanded. The woman stood and removed her tunic, handing it to one of the black clad attendants. She spread her legs slightly and raised her arms above her head. Karen, the Life-Giver leaned forward in her throne and cupped one of her full and swollen breasts with both hands. She massaged it for a moment. Her nipple grew and extended under her own touch. I watched as the first drops of her milk formed at her nipple, followed by a quick jet that hit the initiate between her belly button and her shaved pussy. The Life-Giver relaxed back into the throne as the drops of her milk trickled down to the initiate's pussy. With her hands still in the air over her head, the initiate turned toward Ellie, who knelt before the initiate and quickly licked her clean of the milk. When Ellie stood back up, the initiate, now smiling broadly, was lead away and a new initiate was brought forward.

The ritual was repeated until each of the red tunic women had received a small squirt of milk and been licked clean by the priestess. Between each initiate, one of the attendants would step forward and place her mouth over the Life-Giver's breast, licking up any errant drops of milk. I was later told that there was curse that would befall all of them if they were to waste even a single drop of it. After the red clad women had each been anointed, the anointing was offered to the candle bearers and the attendants. I was last and I was surprised that the Life-Giver had been able to anoint each of us without even switching to her other breast, which was now starting to bead up on its own. The poor girl clearly needed release. 

Once we were all returned to our places, now fully nude, our candles were blown out by an attendant and a single one in a candle-holder on the wall was lit. That was a cue, and all of the women began to move to one another -- caressing and touching. Touching became hugging and nuzzling and nuzzling became kissing and hands began to wander. I watched as Ellie, the priestess, took the Life-Giver by the hand and laid her down on the carpeted floor, where she began to suckle at the Life-Giver's breasts, drinking her milk with earnest and granting relief to the poor girl.

I looked over the now writhing mass of feminine bodies before me and I caught sight of Deirdre. She was on her back with a woman sucking at each of her breasts while she casually played with her own pussy. She made eye contact with me and then winked and shrugged before closing her eyes once more in bliss. It was then that I realized that I was the only one left standing. A hand reached up and caressed the back of my knee before starting to slide up the back of my thigh, pulling me down. I saw that it was one of the other candle-bearers and she was reaching for me while one of the women who had been an attendant was burying her face into the girl's crotch. I knelt and kissed the girl on her mouth. Her tongue snaked past my lips and her fingers began stroking the back of my neck and head. 

I was tempted to succumb to her, but I knew what I really wanted. What I wanted was a piece of that toned body of the hostess. I was wet for her and I sought her out where she still lay with the Life-Giver. I curled up behind her on the floor and began kissing the back of her neck while running my fingers up and down her long, smooth arms. Ellie was still suckling at the Life-Giver. I looked over Ellie's shoulder and made eye contact with Karen. She smiled contentedly at me and offered her other breast. 

Sliding over Ellie, I took Karen's breast into my mouth and sucked gently at the nipple. I heard her giggle and tell me that I had to suck harder. She brought her hand up to the underside of her breast and squeezed it. Little jets of milk sprayed softly onto my tongue. It was much sweeter than I expected... like condensed milk. I sucked harder until I managed to get a flow going. I heard Karen sigh and knew that I was doing it right. 

I felt a hand slide up and down my back as the flow of milk began to ebb. It was Ellie and she turned and pulled my face to hers, kissing me deeply. Her hand wandered down my back to my butt and she began to caress and knead it. Karen was pulled away by another woman into a pile of arms and legs and breasts and pussies. Ellie rolled me over and lay on top of me, still kissing me with an animal-like hunger. She spread my legs with her knee and then slid her thighs between mine. I could feel the hot wetness of her pussy glide against my skin. Meanwhile, I ran my hands over her body, feeling every inch of her tight, smooth skin... her back, her arms, her firm ass... I wanted to touch her all over.
