 Sorry for the long delay, but here it is: Part II of the Red Coven Series. I hope you enjoy. Please feel free to leave any comments, as I value your input.

Ok, now for the legal shit: This work is my own original copyrighted work. Do not copy or use this in any way without my permission. This work is entirely fictional - any resemblance of any characters in this story to any other persons, real or fictional, is purely coincidental. All characters in this story, although entirely fictional, are over the age of 18.

Bon apatite!

**********************

I approached the alter as reverently as I could, but inside, I was a ball of shaky nerves. It was silly of me to be so nervous. These women had become my friends and my support group over the past few weeks. They loved me and supported me and I loved them. I knew that this would make me officially one of them - a member of the Red Coven. I just hoped I wouldn't freak out at the last minute and disappoint them. I stepped up to the alter and my robe was removed. The henna ink drawings all over my naked body seemed to dance across my flesh like demonic ghosts in the flickering light of the candles. I knelt, took a deep breath, and leaned forward to accept the offering.

****************

Deirdre and I never explicitly spoke about that first night at the coven together after we got home. We both went straight to bed and, in the morning, we were right back to our usual routine. I got up early and went for my run in the park as usual and she got up and did her yoga. We took turns showering and over breakfast, we chit-chatted about a project going on at work. When Friday rolled around, I invited her out for drinks with a couple of other people from work, and as usual, she declined. When I got home a little after ten, she was locked in her bedroom and I could hear her engaged in some online role-playing game. It was as if the events of that Tuesday night never happened. 

The following Tuesday, I had to stay late at work. One of the senior programmers had found a stupid error I had made in some coding I had been working on, so I had to spend the evening tracing back through it, line by line. It was almost 7:30 when I finally trudged through the door of our apartment. I was exhausted, my brain was foggy, and I was hungry. I threw my purse, coat and briefcase at the sofa, which I then used to support myself to remove my shoes. Deirdre came out of her room with her coat on and car keys in hand.

"Oh, good," she remarked. "You made it. Are you ready to go?"

"Go where?" I grunted as I struggled to remove my second shoe. The only place I wanted to go was my bedroom where I planned to faceplant into my bed and order some delivery from the Thai place around the corner.

"It's Tuesday!" she responded, all perky and energetic. "It's Coven night!"

Bam! All of the memories came racing back into my mind. I had been so busy that I had completely pushed it out of my head. I felt a twitch in my crotch. "Oh..." I stammered. I considered it, but then said, "Ugh. I can't. Not tonight. I am BEAT. I just want to..."

"It's taco night," she said, trying to entice me. "Come on," she pleaded. "There is nothing to eat in this place anyway and besides, it looks like you could use some relaxation."

It DID sound enticing. I mean, I LOVE tacos. "Are we painting again?"

"No," Deirdre replied. "Barbra is giving us a lesson on mindfulness and meditation. So... Don't laugh when she gets all new-age and kooky. She takes herself very seriously. Hurry up and change. I'll wait for you."

When we arrived, it was just like the last time. We all sat around drinking wine and talking. Eventually, we were herded into the living room where a bunch of yoga mats were laid out on the floor. A very fit woman in her early 40's named Barbara led us through some meditation exercises while Enya music played softly in the background. I peeked at Deirdre once while we were supposed to have our eyes closed and she made a goofy face at me. I had to stifle a giggle, but, in the end, I had to admit that I was actually much more relaxed. 

Afterward, we all went down into the basement and performed some sort of druidic ritual, and then we all had lazy group sex on the floor. I was a candle bearer again and I discovered that this position gave me a good vantage to pick out which of the women I wanted to play with. Toward the end, I was entangled with two of the women who both ended up tending to each other as if I wasn't there. It was fine as I had already cum twice and was enjoying just watching them together. I felt a tap on my shoulder and turned to see Deirdre standing over me and tapping an imaginary watch on her wrist. As I got up to go get dressed, it occurred to me that I had lost track of her and had not so much as seen her during the orgy. That was good because I don't know what it would do to our normal life if we ever crossed that line.

For the next three Tuesdays in a row, I joined Deirdre and her special club. On the way home after the last Coven event, Deirdre got all serious and told me that she needed to discuss something with me when we got home. It sounded ominous. I began to wonder if I had broken one of their rules or if I was being kicked out for some unknown transgression. The whole car ride back, we sat in silence, but inside I was stewing - going back and forth between emotions of worry that I'd done something wrong and anger that I was going to be rejected over rules no one was willing to even explain to me.

When we got home, Deirdre went immediately to her bedroom saying that she needed to change. I went to my own room, with my emotions now tipping toward defensiveness and anger. I threw on an oversized tee-shirt and a pair of brief panties and brushed out my hair. I went back out to the living room and plopped onto the sofa, flipping through my Netflix options.

"Audrey?" I heard her call from behind me.

"Yessss???" I said, not turning around.

"Can you come in here a minute?"

I sighed in as perturbed a manner as I could and hoped that she had heard me. I flicked off the TV with an exaggerated stabbing motion with the remote. "Fine!" I retorted. I got up and paced pointedly back to her bedroom. "What?" I said.

Deirdre was sitting on her bed cross-legged with a big book bound in red leather before her. "Come. Sit" she said, gesturing to the foot of the bed. Instead, I turned her desk chair around and at on it across the room. She paused, perhaps noticing for the first time that I was on the verge of anger. She looked puzzled. "Is something wrong?" she asked.

"I don't know. IS there?" I retorted.

Deirdre's eyebrows knit together. "Errrrrr... I don't THINK so..." she began. "Look, I need to talk to you about the Red Coven. You see, the thing is..." she cut off, looking for the right words. She looked as uncomfortable as if she were about to explain to a child where babies came from. 

"The thing is," she continued. "You're only allowed to visit three times and I've brought you four times, now. So..."

"So now I'm not welcome anymore?" I butted in.

"What? No.. er... well" she began. "What I mean is that you can't visit anymore. Club rules state that you either have to join officially, or you have to stop coming. Look, I'm really sorry. I should have explained this all to you. I just thought that you would only go once and then tell me you were never going back. I didn't expect..."

I was shocked. "Join? What does that mean?" I asked. "Do I have to submit an application, or something?"

Deirdre thought for a moment. "Ellie asked me tonight if you were going to join. She and the others like you and they want you to join, but..."

"But what? Would it make YOU uncomfortable if I joined?" I asked.

"No. No, of course not! I'm the one who invited you. No, it's just that, well, there are some things you should consider. For one, there is a membership fee and dues." She then added quickly, "It's not that much and we use it to pay for the wine and food."

I considered that. I was already paying for a gym membership that I never used and had half a dozen "loyalty cards" to coffee places and shops that I never intended to return to. So, why not? "Ok, sure," I said. As long as we're not talking, like, hundreds of dollars a week or something."

"No, nothing like that" Deirdre replied. "Also, you have to learn all the rituals and you have to prepare for the initiation."

"What, like, you guys are going to paddle me or something?" 

Deirdre blushed. "No! Look, it's all in here." She patted the leather bound book. "I've marked the pages that you need to learn." She paused. She looked up and me with arched eyebrows in a pleading sort of way.

"Initiation," I asked. "Is it dirty?"

"Filthy," she said, breaking into a wide grin.

I didn't go with her for the next two weeks. I gave her a check for my membership fee and first month's dues, but I spent the following two weeks trying to memorize the various rituals. The hardest part was the pronunciation. The rituals were written in the druidic languages: old Irish, Welsh and Scottish Gaelic. I had to keep cross checking with the internet to make sure I was getting it right. After two weeks, I had spent so much time cramming, that I had started coding in Welsh at work. Oops.

Deirdre wasn't lying. The initiation rite was deliciously dirty. I was going to thoroughly enjoy it. But the book was unclear on who would be initiating me. It listed the person as the "Urrasachd" but I didn't see that title anywhere else in the book and there was no description to provide any clue. In any event, it didn't really matter. I had learned my parts, so, as long as I didn't screw up, I'd be fine.

The Tuesday of my initiation, I left work early and went and got a mani/pedi and a wax. When I got home, I showered and was just drying my hair when I heard the doorbell ring. When I answered, two of the women from the group were waiting outside. "Ready to go?' one of them asked me. I recognized her as Karen, the life giver from my first night with the Red Coven.

"Now?" I asked? "Almost. I was trying to decide what to wear." I didn't think I'd need to leave for another hour and I had figured on riding with Deirdre anyway

"It doesn't matter" the other one said. "You'll have to change into the gown before everything gets started anyway. Just throw on some jeans and let's go"

"But it's still way early," I said. "Isn't it?"

"Not for YOU," the first one replied. "You have to prep. Or, rather, we need to prep you. Come on."

I shrugged and darted inside. I threw on a marginally clean pair of jeans and a sweater. My hair was still half wet and I had no makeup on. Oh well. According to the ritual book, they were going to make me up and set my hair anyway, so, this is how they get me. This is the raw material.

When we arrived at Ellie's house, it was not quite dark yet. Ellie pulled in front of us into the driveway. She got out and motioned for us to park beside her. "You're early," she commented. "Eager beaver, huh? Good." She smiled. It was explained to me that Tuesday was one of the nights that her ex- had the kids and she had just returned from dropping them off. No one else had arrived yet.

I was ushered through the house to what appeared to be an in-law suite in the back. It was a large master-bedroom with a private bathroom and sitting area. I was taken into the bathroom and instructed to strip. Jenna, one of my escorts, started the shower. It was one of those huge walk-in showers that was tiled from floor to ceiling, open on both sides with a seat at the back against the wall and a waterfall style showerhead. Within a few minutes, the entire room began to steam up. Jenna and Karen also stripped and led me into the oversized shower. I was about to step into the water, but Jenna stopped me. Despite the steam, I was starting to get chilled standing outside the water spray. I wanted to get under the flow and warm up, but Jenna instructed me to wait.

Karen produced a bottle of Bordeaux and a cork screw. Jenna held the bottle while Karen uncorked it. She set the cork aside and told me to look up to the ceiling and close my eyes. I did and she began to poor the wine over me. First, she poured some over my head and it ran down through my hair and over my back. Next she poured it over my shoulders and chest. Meanwhile, I could feel Jenna begin to slide her hands all over me, coating my body with the wine. They continued anointing me with the wine until I was covered from head to toe, their hands slipping and sliding over every part of me, even tracing over my face. I had to stand perfectly still with my eyes closed. I kept waiting for their hands to get sexual with my body, but they did not. They were almost clinical about their duty - almost rough handling me like they were putting a dry rub on a side of spare ribs. 

When I was fully coated with the wine, Jenna said a druidic prayer, and then they led me under the water. The wine had chilled me almost to the point of shivers, so the heat of the water stung for a moment before I got used to it. Then, carefully and precisely, they cleaned me. Everywhere. Every orifice, too. They were more gentle than they were with the wine, but it was no more sexual. Even when Karen coated her finger in Vaseline and had me bend over so that she could ensure that my ass was clean inside and out, I felt more like a prized animal than a sexual plaything. When they were about to turn off the shower, I told them I needed to pee and asked for some privacy.

"Sorry, hon," Karen said. "Rules are rules. We have to stay with you until the initiation ritual."

"We're just going to have to clean you after again anyway," remarked Jenna. "May as well just do it here so we don't have to get back into the shower. I was flabbergasted. Well, ok then. I squatted over the drain and let go. They were at least kind enough to turn away. When I stood up, they once again washed me from the waist down. They were taking this more seriously than I had expected and it was making me nervous. Was I really up to this?

The two of them dried me off with a warm, fluffy towel and then brought me into the bedroom. A large towel was laid on the floor and I was instructed to lie down, face down. When I was in position, they rubbed a light, scented oil into my skin, giving me a nice all-over massage. I about drifted off to sleep at some point but awoke to discover that they were drawing runes all over the back of my body with small makeup brushes. When they were done, they rolled me over and repeated the process to my front. By the end, I was covered from head to toe in Celtic designs, runes and passages.

They then brought me back into the bathroom and seated me at the dressing table. Jenna did my makeup while Karen did my hair. The makeup was heavy - especially the eye makeup. It was almost like you see on ancient Egyptian women, with dark, exaggerated brows and lashes. My hair, meanwhile, was done up in a curly pile on top of my head. When they were done, I stood and admired myself in the mirror. I looked like something out of a bad sci-fi movie, but, looking myself over, I felt incredibly sexy. I was ready to march into the living room and show myself off. But that was not the plan.

There was a knock at the door as they were finishing with me and Karen went to answer it. I heard Ellie asking her if we were ready to begin. When Karen came back she said that everyone was gathering in the basement, so it was time for us to go. They each put on a black tunic and then helped me into a flowing white gown embroidered with gold thread. It was the same one I had seen Karen wear the night that she served as the life giver.

When we left the room, all of the lights in the house had been turned off. I could see a soft glow coming from the doorway leading down the steps into the basement. My companions led me to the top of the stairs and that's when I heard the women in the basement begin their chant. I was led down the stairs and saw the rest of the Coven members on the floor, bent forward with their arms out before them, arranged with a wide aisle down the middle. Next to the Alter stood Ellie, dressed in her black and scarlet robe, open down the front to reveal her nakedness. She held a staff with a sculpted raven at its top. Behind the alter in a tight semicircle stood the candle bearers.

About halfway up the aisle, Ellie barked at us to halt. She called out to me, asking, in Gaelic, who I was and what business I had this night. I had memorized my responses and I gave them correctly to each of her questions. When I had satisfied her requirements, I was led forward. Two more women in black tunics laid a large cushion over the later and then brought forward a naked, blindfolded woman. They laid her over the alter, face down, with her back to the rest of us. 

Ellie approached her and asked if she were the one who had offered membership in the coven to me. The woman, whom I could now see was Deirdre, replied that she had. It suddenly clicked in my brain. Urrasachd. It was Scottish. "Sponsor." Dierdre was my sponsor. The two women in black tunics pulled Deirdre's legs wide apart so that she had to stand on her tiptoes to remain bent over the alter.

I approached the alter as reverently as I could, but inside, I was a ball of shaky nerves. It was silly of me to be so nervous. These women had become my friends and my support group over the past few weeks. They loved me and supported me and I loved them. I knew that this would make me officially one of them - a member of the Red Coven. I just hoped I wouldn't freak out at the last minute and disappoint them. I stepped up to the alter and my robe was removed. The henna ink drawings all over my naked body seemed to dance across my flesh like demonic ghosts in the flickering light of the candles. I knelt, took a deep breath, and leaned forward to accept the offering.

I spread Deirdre's butt open wide. My lips closed around her tight hole. She remained absolutely still and motionless. My tongue reached forward and made contact. Gently, but thoroughly, I began to make out with her ass. I slipped my tongue around the ring and over the opening, coating her with my saliva. Then, I pushed it forward, probing her ring. It resisted, but I persisted, past her pucker and inside of her. Deirdre groaned and her body quivered. As I continued to probe my roommate and best friend, I heard Ellie call out to Deirdre, asking her if I had fulfilled the rite and shown my commitment. "Oh gawd, yes!" was Deirdre's reply. There was laughter from behind me. 

I was pulled to my feet and received a big hug from Deirdre, who had removed her blindfold. "Welcome to the club, Bozo!" she whispered in my ear. The Coven erupted into cheers and clapping. I was grinning broadly, basking in the acceptance. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you kinda liked putting your tongue up my ass," she whispered.

"Well it's no secret that YOU enjoyed it," I retorted. Even in the dim candle light, I could tell that she was blushing. Ellie quieted the crowd and asked if we were ready for the final rite. Deirdre and I looked at each other and nodded. "Here goes, I guess," I said. Ellie then tied our wrists together with a silk tie and said another druidic prayer. After that, she presented us to the room and bade us lie down together. The bacchanalia began. Deirdre, my sponsor, was to be bound to me for the night, to experience everything I experienced and to make love to whomever made love to me. 

We were set upon by hands and mouths almost immediately. Jenna appeared above me and sought out my mouth, giving me a long, deep kiss that was soon interrupted as Deirdre joined us, our three mouths and tongues entwining together. I reached out for Jenna's body to caress her full, heavy breasts and felt Deirdre's hand close over mine. Together, we kneaded and weighed those large orbs and together we rolled her sharp nipples between our fingers. She moaned into our mouths in satisfaction.
