 It was a Saturday, the first of our two wonderful leisurely days, without the pressure of work, timetables, traffic jams, telephone calls.  We had got up late, after making that wonderful soft love that only seems possible when waking, when the body and the senses are lulled and relaxed, the senses heightened to experience the slightest touch.

After breakfast, we had gone shopping.  For some inexplicable reason, you decided you needed some new lingerie, I say inexplicable, because I know how much you already have, and how much space it takes up in our bedroom.  But, as always, I gave in, simply to enjoy the pleasure of being seen in public with you on my arm, enjoying the puzzled looks on the faces of other shoppers when they see us together, trying to work out the relationship.  Mother and daughter?  Aunt and niece....... or, on those occasions when you are in a teasing mood and not so secretly caress me in public, a quiet stroke here, and more noticeable one there, maybe one or two of them have an inkling of the exact nature of our relationship.   

1.	Ensure all items to be used in the recipe are cleaned and warmed  thoroughly.

Shopping always make you happy and excitable, especially this sort of shopping.  We had returned home for a light lunch, with you in playful mood.  You were now taking a long soak in the bath, I could hear you singing quietly to yourself upstairs, and I smiled happily at the rightness of the sound, the rightness of you in my life.  You said you were going to show me what you had bought.  I knew what you had bought of course, but you were going to model them for me.  I was smiling softly to myself in anticipation.

2.	Any new items to be used, should be thoroughly checked, examined and tested and washed before use.

I had the kitchen door open to the garden, letting in the sounds of a summer afternoon, birds twittering, children laughing from nearby gardens, the gentle hypnotic trickling sounds of the waterfall on the pond from which the sun was reflecting, and all the early summer flowers which had exploded all over the garden.  The effect was gentle, pleasing, almost soporific.

3.	The best results will always be obtained by working in light, airy, comfortable surroundings.

I was mixing dough for us, for a pizza for supper, a messy job initially; I could hear you coming down the stairs from your bath.  I was trying to avoid looking to the doorway, I wanted to extend the anticipation of seeing what you would be wearing.  I knew it would be .............tantalising.

I heard your voice call me, deep, soft and so alluring. "Maaaaaggie....." (I love the way you drawl my name, making it into something exotic).

I turned to you, my eyes nearly popped out of my head. You did not disappoint me, but then, you never do.

You were standing in the doorway to the kitchen, one arm stretched up the frame, your head lying sideways, seductively along it, your long legs slightly apart.  You were dressed in a black Victorian corset (gulp), black stockings, black v v v high heels.  Your long red hair shone and gleamed, your green eyes were on fire.

4.	Thorough preparation is essential to avoid any unexpected surprises during execution of the recipe.

"Maaggie...." you repeated, as I stood there, my mouth open, "I feel horny."

Oh my word!!!

Taking a deep breath, and swallowing hard, I lifted my hands to you, now covered in sticky dough. "Sorry love, I'm sort of occupied right now."

I knew, just knew it was a bad move.

Your eyes lit up even more at my predicament.  I was defenceless.

Seeing the extra light in your eyes, I frowned at you, "No games love, I am cooking supper. Just behave."  It was a waste of time, I knew that, but I had to say it.

With a grin slowly spreading over your face, you slid across the floor towards me, and I mean slid. God, what a movement. 

5.	Concentration is essential to avoid missing out crucial parts of the recipe.

I decided it would be easier to ignore you (as if), so I turned back to the bowl and continued kneading and mixing the dough, trying not to notice that you were now standing next to me, now behind me. I could feel your breath on my neck.  I could smell your perfume, the scents of you fresh from your bathing.  My heart was pounding, almost out of my chest.  My pussy was tingling, and I could feel myself getting wet.

6.	Ensure that dry ingredients and wet are kept separate until the correct time to mix.

I nearly jumped out of my skin when I heard your voice next to my ear. "Don't you want me love?. Don't you like my outfit? Wouldn't you like to fuck me? Fuck me please Maggie."

Then I felt your mouth on my ear, your tongue snaking out and tickling it, making me shudder, right down to my toes.  That tongue and those soft lips made their way down the side of my neck, to the little piece of my shoulder revealed by the slash neck t-shirt I was wearing.  You stopped there briefly and kissed, sucked and nibbled, until you had made me moan. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm. so you are interested. Good."

Then your hands came round me, cupping my breasts through my t-shirt, kneading them, as I was kneading (or trying) to knead the dough. This was going to be the crappiest dough I'd ever made.  You squeezed my breasts gently, then moved your finger and thumb to my nipples - I was squirming now, trying to get away from those hands, but you were close behind me, pinning me against the work top.

7.	Once the ingredients have been measured and blended, kneading should be gentle but firm, to ensure a regular distribution of heat throughout the mixture.

I felt a slight breeze against my face and realised to my horror, that the door was still wide open, any of my neighbours could see in!!!

"Claire, close the door, please."

"Oh no love" you whispered against the back of my neck under my hair, "I'm much too busy."

8.	Do not allow yourself to be distracted during mixing and kneading, or this could have disastrous results.

I was trembling now, badly, as I felt your wonderful softness pressing against me. I wanted you so much, but was trying to prove just for once, that I could resist you. Hah!!!!  "I'm not playing love, I ...I....I'm making dinner." I stuttered, trying to be stern. 

Your low chuckle sent shivers down my spine, "Carry on love; you cook, I'll play." and you moved to stand at the side of me, your back to the door.  God, the neighbours would have a real eyeful if they looked now, the back view of you in that outfit.  For a moment the thought of that, distracted me, and at that moment, I felt your hand on my pussy, through my pants, your middle finger sliding up and down my slit along the seam of my pants.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh ." was all I could manage.

9.	Allow the mix sufficient time to rise, and increase in temperature.  This will ensure perfect results.

"Oh, so you do want to play. I'm so glad." and your mouth moved round to capture mine, soft and warm, your tongue making its way into my mouth, teasing me.  I knew I had lost this battle, but for some perverse reason I decided to try and fight on.  I seemed unable to tear my mouth away from yours, or my body away from your other hand which was now cupping my ass and stroking up and down the crack, moving as far underneath, between my legs, as you could from that angle.

You lifted your mouth slightly from mine, barely leaving my lips, and as your eyes searched my face, whispered, "Do you really want me to stop love, I will if you really, really aren't enjoying this." and lightly touched your lips to mine.

You had me, and you knew it. I have not yet been able to say no.

I swallowed hard, licked my lips and in a very croaky voice answered, "No love, I don't want you to stop."

10.	Once you have started this recipe, it is essential to continue without a break, or the outcome will be disappointing.

The sound of your deep throaty chuckle, made my knees turn to jelly.  I just clung on to the worktop, the way the dough was still clinging to my hands, a very effective binding, my mind awash with images, my body with sensation.  I had no idea what you were going to do, and quite frankly at that point I didn't care. I just wanted you. Badly.

"What do you want Maggie, tell me what you want?" you teased me, in between soft, lingering kisses.

"I....................  I...................."

"Tell me love, I wont do anything until you tell me."

11.	Be decisive when kneading is complete.  Be sure of exactly what you intend to do with the mix, and continue accordingly.

I knew what you were waiting to hear so I took a deep breath, and whispered against your lips, "Fuck me Claire.  Please."

You lifted your mouth from mine and looked at me, with such love in your eyes, it was blinding. "Any time love; any time, anywhere."

I took a deep breath, and let myself go. Before I had even finished breathing in, I felt your hands on the waist of my draw string pants, untying the string, then your hands sliding inside the waist, one at the back, one at the front, easing them down over my hips and thighs to fall softly on the floor at my feet.

12.	Once rising is complete, uncover the mix, and begin to shape, ensuring that your hands are clean and  warm.

Then your hands moved to my panties, and as you felt the wet patch at the front, murmured against my lips, "mmmmmmmmmm, love, wonderful, just for me." 

My legs were barely holding me up by now, I was gripping the work top as if my life depended on it, but you moved me slightly away, to give you more room, and as you did, you bent your head and licked my panties along the wetness. A strange cry was heard, I think it was me trying not to scream. It turned into a sort of moan. You chuckled, and the vibrations of that chuckle rippled deep into my pussy, and then I did moan. "Oh god, Claire, please, fuck me!"

Your hands eased the panties off my hips and down to join my pants, you knelt, and with your hands on my hips, pulled me to you. 

I barely had a moment before your tongue was on me, in me, licking, stroking, probing, and your own moans of delight sending extra trembles into me.

I felt one hand leave my hip, you knew I wasn't going anywhere, I had no intention of moving away from that wonderful tongue and mouth.  I felt a long finger slowly and tantalisingly slip into me, easily, I was so wet. More moans from us both, yours in delight at my readiness and want of you. Back and forth moved the finger, and was then joined by another.

13.	Use both hands to manipulate the dough, and firmly but gently form into the shape you desire.

The other hand left my hip and joined the first.  Another finger slid into the warm wetness to gather my growing cream. Oh god, that was heaven, as you used the two fingers, sliding them in and out  alternately with the one from the other hand, it sent shudders down to my toes and up to m y head.

You withdrew the third finger and I knew, just knew where it was going, and my trembling increased in anticipation.

"Claire, pleeease, FUCK ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

I was almost at the edge, and very gently you teased my rosebud with my own wetness, gently probing.  You moved your mouth away from my pussy and looked up at me. "Relax love, just relax."

Briefly I managed to look down, and what I saw in your face just melted me on the spot. My legs all but gave way, I started shaking from head to toe, and as your mouth returned to my pussy, this time to my clit, I felt the other finger gently enter my ass.

14.	Place the mixture into the chosen receptacles, and press firmly to ensure a good fit.

All three sensations hit me like a sledgehammer, my body went rigid, pushing my pussy against your face, and as my movements seesawed back and forth, your fingers slid in and out of both channels alternately. Your lips took my clit and sucked, and that was it. I was there. I screamed, there is no other word for it.  I screamed as the sensations rocketed through me.  My body shook with the pleasure that was rippling through me.  My knees went weak, but your fingers, thrust and held deeply in my two openings, were holding me up.  

Slowly I returned to this earth, this reality, my breath heaving, my body shaking, but all I could feel was the exquisite pleasure of your fingers deeply in me, still slowly and gently moving back and forth inside me, and your lips gently nuzzling my clit.  

15.	Allow to cook at the required temperature, for the designated time.  This will ensure perfect results every time, which, when turned out, should be hot and moist to the touch, and very sweet and fresh to the taste.

Taking a breath, I gasped, "Enough love, stop, or I'll just collapse here."  The sound of your low moan sent more ripples deeply into me, adding to my after shudders, but slowly you removed your fingers, and I smiled as I heard the sounds of you licking my essence from them.  Then I felt your tongue.  I managed to open my eyes and looked down, to see a sight that almost made me cum again as you gently licked the cream I had made, just for you, until I was clean, with your soft hands holding my bum cheeks, and keeping me against your face, unable to move until you had finished.  Then, with a soft sigh, and a gentle kiss on my mound, you reached for my panties and pants, and pulled them back up my legs, re-tied the pants, stood up, holding me close to you and kissed me long, and soft, moaning into my mouth in response to mine.

16.	Do not overcook, as this can spoil all your efforts.

All this time, I had said nothing, not one word, I couldn't, I was speechless with love.  When you moved your head slightly away from mine, you looked closely and saw my confusion, making you smile at me.  

"You seem distracted love, was it something I said?"  

With your smile getting even wider you added, "I enjoyed my starter, I can hardly wait for the main course.", and with a quick kiss on the tip of my nose, you released me and happily walked away, humming to yourself, but still couldn't resist looking back at me over your shoulder, your green eyes glinting wickedly, wide grin on your face, as you noisily sucked your fingers.......

17.	Allow to stand, cooling slightly before enjoying the fruits of your labours.


HAPPY COOKING.