 Jenny turned to look at her twin sister Jenna. They were both standing in Danny's room, wearing nothing but skimpy negligee's and almost entirely translucent, white panties which were made even more transparent by the wetness of their pussies. Their large but perky breasts (whom everyone thought were fake, but the girls took that as compliments) could be seen through their essentially non-existent clothing. Jenny and Jenna had a playful streak, and they always took whatever chance they could to tease, bother, and irritate the other girls of the house with their devilish ways. Case in point – Liselle laid on Danny's bed, her eyes closed, face completely flushed red, gasping for breath. After Jenny and Jenna had their little fun, they helped Liselle out from under the bed, but when they turned her over, they found that she had blacked out.

"Do you think we hurt her?" Jenna asked her older sister doubtfully. Her cute baby face framed a set of deep brown eyes that were filled with concern. This trick that they pulled on the unsuspecting Liselle had been done to other members of the house before (but never to Danny, since they were both too in awe with her), but they had never gone quite that far with the other girls. They probably should have stopped after Liselle had finished the first time, but the girls were so filled with a lust for the lovely and irresistibly sexy red head that they couldn't help themselves. They were also kind of afraid that Danny would look upon this quite badly, as they didn't know whether Danny had finished having her fun with Liselle yet. Danny was quite adamant on the fact that she was to have Liselle to herself when she first came over, which was already unusual considering the fact that the girls always shared with each other, no matter who it was that brought them in. Admittedly, Liselle was an extraordinary and unique beauty that none of the girls have had the pleasure of encountering before; this was, of course, excluding Danny, whom herself was just as stunning, but in a different manner. The combination of that crimson hair, the pale and freckled, but perfect complexion, those legs that seemed to extend forever and ever into the sky, even that cute little bush of red pubic hair made her an irresistible mark. When they saw her so exposed and vulnerable, groping under Danny's bed with her shapely butt wriggling about, they simply couldn't control themselves. Adding to the fact that her girl cum tasted like the forbidden fruit of the gods, and they couldn't help but try to milk just a little bit more out of that delicate pussy.

"I don't know," Jenny said doubtfully. Her face was a little red from lying upside down for so long, eating Liselle's clit like a piece of delicious candy. Liselle had squirted like a fountain when she orgasmed; it was all Jenny could to do to drink down everything that dribbled out of her love canal without wasting a drop. Even in her comatose state, she looked like a red headed angel lying on a bed, albeit an exhausted naked angel that was glowing with a layer of sweat. "She's probably just resting, I don't think we hurt her or anything." This was said with a bit of uncertainty in her voice.

A set of feet padded up from behind the girls softly as they tried to figure out what to do, and they shrieked fearsomely as a gentle hand tapped each of their shoulders. Danny stood directly behind them in the nude, her face made up gorgeously and her body like that of a goddess. Her hair had been let down out of the bun, and she eyed them with a quizzical look in those ocean blue eyes. "You were having fun with Liselle without me, I presume?" She said this in a matter-of-fact tone, giving no hint to the girls as to what she was thinking. They looked at her warily, trying to determine whether or not she was mad that they had taken advantage of Liselle.

After giving them an adequate amount of time to brood on their behaviour, Danny suddenly laughed, that musical tone in her voice filling the room. The girls smiled sheepishly. "Yeah, I think we got a little out of hand. We might have tired her out entirely. Maybe we can try to wake her up though?" Jenny asked hopefully. Her eyes began to burn with that smoldering fire of lust that was so easily recognizable in the twins. They both had that evil little look on their faces again.

"Oh, you girls are hopeless," Danny laughed, giving each of the girls a wet, kiss and their asses a pinch before going to her drawers. She pulled out a bag full of toys, selecting one that seemed to be a long, purple dildo with an attachment at the bottom. It was maybe 7 or 8 inches in length, and its girth was larger than what one would call average. "Do you only think about sex?" she asked wryly.

The twins nodded in gleeful unison. "Is that the one that spins?" Jenna asked. Danny gave her a little wink, and the blonde came over immediately to take the dildo from her. "I love this one. It makes you feel so good and twisted up inside," she admitted, flicking the switch at the bottom so that it started to spin in a slow, undulating rhythm. Jenna pulled down her panties, and began massaging herself with it.

Danny hit Jenna's wrist with a playful slap. "Guests first, Jenna. Remember your manners?"

"I was just trying to get it wet for her. Look how small she is."

Jenny nodded in agreement with a sagely air. "Is that thing really going to fit inside her?"

"I am certain that, with a little persuasion, Liselle will be more than accommodating," Danny replied, her eyes wandering over Liselle's still unconscious form. The way her eyes smoldered said it all.

The three girls propped Liselle on her back with her head comfortably on a soft pillow. Danny put another pillow just under her lower back, propping her hips up a bit so that she could get easier access to her pink vagina. Without another word, Jenna and Jenny began to suck and nibble on her neck and earlobe, which immediately elicited a moan from her, while their hands roamed all over her body, tugging and teasing her puffy pink nipples when they came to her breasts. Danny snaked her way down to that little firebush, lifting up Liselle's legs in the process. Even after two bouts of sex, Liselle still smelled like heaven, and Danny's mouth watered like she was about to feast on the greatest banquet the world has ever known. There was no hesitation as Danny first probed that fragrant pussy with her mouth, wetting Liselle's pussy lips with her saliva, and sucking each of them in turn into her mouth. Liselle began to respond slowly by gyrating her hips to the rhythm of Danny's sucking, and Danny's efforts were rewarded with another deep sigh from Liselle that heaved her chest. Everything about Liselle was so genuine and sexy that Danny couldn't help but feel her heart melt for the beautiful girl.

Next, she went down to start licking Liselle's love button with the tip of her tongue, then flattening her tongue, stroked up and down, and finally dipped inside Liselle's little pink flower. Danny repeated this action until she could fit two fingers into her lover's pussy, and each time she lapped at her little nub, she could feel Liselle's muscles clenching down on her fingers. By this time, Liselle had wrapped her legs unconsciously around Danny's head, her ankles crossing and uncrossing at the sensations her tender body was receiving. The twins continued to play with her upper regions, and as the three girls got into a rhythm, simultaneously moving their mouths and fingers and hands, this finally woke up the lovely redhead. She took one look down her body at the three beautiful girls pleasuring her and closed her eyes while a grateful smile crossed her face. "That feels so good," she groaned in a sleepy voice as her body climbed up that plane of ecstasy. Even as the twins started to nibble on her nipples, turning them even puffier and redder, she couldn't help but moan her intense pleasure, her body writhing to the rhythm of their stimulations

As Liselle climbed that first wave of sexual tension, she felt Danny's fingers slip out of her, and she was filled with a sudden emptiness in her loins. However, that didn't last long because as soon as Danny had been satisfied with a quick taste of 

her fingers, she began to push the purple dildo gently but insistently into Liselle's love channel. Her eyes flew wide open, and she was suddenly filled with apprehension. Even though she couldn't see it, she could feel that the dildo was much larger than anything else she's ever encountered.

"Relax," Danny cooed to her, taking a small break from eating her pussy, "I'll take care of you." Danny's hands kneaded and massaged Liselle's thighs, and she soon felt the fearful tension melt away into a more pleasurable type of tension. Taking her clit into her mouth, and gently easing the dildo forward, Danny watched as Liselle's thighs shook from the way she was being filled. Slowly, gently, one slow inch at a time, Danny moved her way forward as she continued to pleasure Liselle's little love button with her mouth, taking it in and rolling it around with her tongue. As she watched in fascination the way the large purple dildo was slipping into Liselle's tiny pussy, opening her lover up in ways she'd never felt before, Danny quivered with the satisfying knowledge that she was going to be Liselle's first. This realization only added to her passion for the innocent red head, and she redoubled her efforts to make Liselle's first time as amazing as possible. When the dildo was about 4 inches deep inside Liselle, Danny looked up to watch her lover's face. It was contorted and flushed with sweat and she was biting down on her lip, but she showed no signs of pain. "I think this as far as we can go for now. I'm going to turn it on now, so don't be afraid."

With that, Danny flicked the switch to the lowest setting, and the length of the dildo began to turn. Liselle felt as though her nether regions were being churned from the inside, but it was something so unique and pleasurable that the dull pain it caused her was overwhelmed by the continued efforts of the three girls. Even as the dildo's speed was turned up, her pussy began to adjust to that gyrating turn, and she ached with a dull force so strong it made her head spin and her arms grip the bed sheets for dear life. Liselle grunted with the effort to endure both the pleasure and the pain, her body wet with perspiration. It was all she could do to stay conscious through the experience, which was overwhelming her senses in a manner she'd never before experienced. Her belly began that slow familiar rumble towards a huge climax. This time, however, she didn't cum like she had before, but instead her orgasm continue to crest up a hill that didn't end. Danny carefully controlled the rhythm of her tongue and her dildo, maintaining Liselle's pleasure at fever pitch without bursting it. Liselle shook and shuddered in that bed as sweat poured from her glowing body, and her cries of animal pleasure rose goosebumps on the other three girls. Minute after minute passed, until Liselle felt that continuously edged orgasm racking her tender body relentlessly. Some indeterminant amount of time seemed to pass as Liselle fought the orgasm that tried to burst forth from her pussy, trying to make it come as it dipped and to hold it off as it rose like the tides of the ocean. Her anguished cries continued to fill the night for a very long time as the three girls pleasured her, and they became a mass of tender, young flesh intent only on fulfilling Liselle's glorious, quivering body. Even after Danny removed that lovely tool from her pussy, and as they rested their exhausted bodies on the red headed angel, Liselle's orgasm wore on as many hours of that sense-dulling pleasure continued to make her writhe and moan in gasping ecstasy. The girls cuddled together, stroking and caressing Liselle as they basked in the happiness and radiance of their youngest recruit. Her unending orgasm finally subsided hours into the dawn of the morning.

End