 Liselle found herself lying naked in the bed of a woman she had just met. Although she still had some alcohol in her, her head had begun to clear a bit, and her embarrassment at being fully nude, having just had sex, in a strange place with a beautiful raven haired vixen, was quite unbearable. Unfortunately, she was so exhausted that she couldn't really get up from the fetal position that Danny had left her in. She looked down to watch the trail of saliva and her own sexual fluids still flowing slowly from her engorged and slightly sore vulva. Although she found it immeasurably enjoyable at the time, her sex was now a little bit worse for wear. She couldn't really blame Danny, however, since she was the one that had, quite insistently, pushed her body to the boundaries.

Okay, so she's now had sex with a sorority girl. Is that kind of like having sex with a frat boy? She couldn't really be sure if it could be equated to that, but she certainly hoped not. There were some pretty unsavoury things that are said about girls who fraternize with frat boys, and she could just as easily forget about that sort of thing being said of her. On the other hand, even though she had been seduced by one of the most beautiful women she'd ever known, she hadn't really done any of the things you'd normally consider crossing the boundary if you were that type of girl. For instance, she reasoned, she didn't make love to Danny, Danny had made love to her. Not that she wouldn't return the favour if given the chance, but she was on the receiving end of the deal, not the giving end. That definitely made it less unsavoury in her mind.

Another few minutes had passed, and Liselle finally regained enough strength to crawl up to a sitting position. Her head spun a bit with the sudden movement, and she found herself lurching out of bed on a pair of long, lovely but ungainly legs. The glass of wine, which she'd abandoned after Danny's kiss, sat half full on the desk, and she now took it into both hands and had another sip of it. The wine warmed her belly, and she felt a little better, having regained a bit of mental strength. She drank the rest of it, and after a few moments, she was on her feet again.

However, after she'd looked around her, she realized that the clothes she'd worn up until Danny had stripped her were no longer in the room. Liselle looked around the bed, under the covers, and over the sides of the bed just to make sure they hadn't all slipped down there somewhere. Somewhat more desperately, she got on her knees and crawled around for a good minute, trying to peer under Danny's bed in search of, if not all her clothes, then at least her underwear, but nothing could be found. Danny had also been gone for quite some time now, and she wasn't sure what to do. Should she dig through her drawers in search of something to cover herself with? What about the other girls that she'd mentioned were in the house waiting for her? Liselle turned her situation over in her head a few times, then finally decided that she'd try to peek out of the doorway and see if she could beckon Danny back to help her. Warily, she tiptoed to the door, and pulling the handle back, opened a little crack. The door creaked as though it was on a pair of rusty hinges, and Liselle winced at the noise it made. She opened it a bit more so that she could poke her head out. After turning this way and that, and seeing no one, she whispered as loudly and as quietly as she could. "Danny?" Liselle's green eyes darted this way and that, searching the corridor. Three doors, presumably leading to the other girls' rooms, stood to her right, and at the end of that hallway stood the staircase that they came up on.

No one answered. Darn it! She couldn't believe that Danny would just leave her like that. Fuming, Liselle went back to the bed, and dug under the bed one last time in search of her clothes. It was dark down there, and she groped around blindly, her hands bumping up against random knickknacks. That was when something wet slid up her butt, and she yelped like a kicked dog and bumped her head against the bottom of the bed. Her head stung as she tried to crawl out from under the bed, feeling extremely exposed on her knees with her ass hanging up in the air like that, waiting to be assaulted. However, a set of hands prevented her retreat, and she heard a mischievous giggle coming from behind her. Something wet touched her butt again, but this time it came must closer to her butthole. Oh my god, she thought, what the heck was Danny doing?! Despite herself, her body began to respond to another lick, this time right over her puckered hole. She could feel herself tense up for a moment, and then that tongue began to rim her asshole, making light circles around the sensitive skin there. Liselle shivered from the contact, and that set of hands which prevented her retreat started to massage her labia. She could feel herself becoming extremely wet, and she tried to reach behind her to stop Danny's assault to no avail. "At least let me get out from under here first," she sighed through heavy gasps of pleasure.

Liselle closed her eyes as she let Danny have her way with her behind. It was so lewd the way she was exposed, and yet it turned her on so much. Plus, Danny was really starting to probe her bumhole with her tongue now, lapping and tonguing the sensitive opening. The hand that had been going to work on her pussy now concentrated its contact with her clit, and once again, she could feel an orgasm building inside her body. Liselle wasn't sure what she should do – should she just ride it out and let Danny have her way with her, or should she try to buck her assailant and get out from under that bed? In the end, her body made the choice to stay where she was, and she couldn't really argue with that decision much as her breathing became more ragged with each combined stroke of Danny's tongue and hand. All she could do was close her eyes, and absorb the sensations that were filling up her flawless body.

As she verged on her climax, she felt a second hand suddenly tickle the bottom of her foot! Liselle tried to jerk her foot away, but all that did was scrap her knee on the floor and she cried out with a loud, "Ouch!" She moaned in both pleasure and frustration, feeling so helpless in a situation like this, bent over with her ass in the air and with no way to protect herself. Each time she got close to the orgasm that was rumbling deep in her belly, that hand would inevitably tickle one of her feet so that she would lose just enough concentration to prevent her from cumming. This went on for about 10 minutes, each tickle driving her wild with sexual frustration. Her pussy was sore and on fire, and her body shook with unreleased tension. "Please! Let me cum!" Liselle pleaded with her assailant, but nothing came except for another giggle. Why was Danny being so mean? Liselle thought she liked her!

Liselle became more and more frustrated to the point of verging on tears as her ass and pussy was attacked relentlessly by that hand and mouth. "I can't go on!" she pleaded one more time, trying to shrug off her attacker, if not the finger tickling her feet, then the hand and mouth that was filling her with so much pent-up pleasure. It was at this point that her assailant stopped, and she shuddered with a weary relief. Sweat poured down her brow and slender body as the toll of the licking and massaging came to bear on her. Her knees and back were tired from the strain of staying in that position for so long, and she finally tried to crawl back out from under the bed. However, those hands held her back once again, preventing her escape. A frustrated moan escaped her mouth, and it was all she could do to stop herself from kicking out her feet, but she really didn't want to hurt Danny.

Just as she was considering her options, that mouth started to work away at her butthole again, and she felt herself being spread wide by Danny's hands, but this time the licking came with a vigor that had lost all of the previously teasing quality to it. It was ferocious, and Liselle felt her loins responding involuntarily. Although that tongue felt fantastic, she needed more to finish, and so she reached back to rub her clit with her right hand. And right when she was about to reach back, she felt someone holding her hand down. Through the foggy haze of her pleasure-saturated mind, she realize that with the two hands spreading her ass wide open for the tongue, and the other hand preventing her from rubbing her clit, there were 3 hands! She had little time to consider that fact, however, because the hand which had been holding her back was now intent on spreading her sopping wet pussy open. And a second mouth closed itself over her clit, slowing suckling her love button with something akin to languid pleasure. Oh my god, she thought, there were two girls eating her out at the same time! Liselle began to writhe with the combined pleasure on two of her most sensitive spots, her face flushing with the intensity of the sensations. Closer and closer she rode those two mouths towards her climax until she came with what felt like an explosive force. All that pent up sexual energy released itself, and she groaned from both the intensity of her orgasm and the relief she felt. Liselle wriggled her hips this way and that, with both those lovely mouths still working on her sex like there was no tomorrow. When she thought she'd had enough, she tried to pull away, but again she was prevented from doing so. What came after that was a bit hazy, but as those mouths worked her towards a second, even stronger orgasm, her mind began to blank from the unrelenting pleasure she was receiving...

End.