 I had never been in a gay bar before, and I did not know what to expect, still it seemed somewhat of a normal nightclub. As I walked in, I noticed the differences, the men were dancing with men, the women were dancing with women and some of the women were probably not women, but other than that it seemed like a normal bar to me.

At 30 years old, 1 had finally decided to take a chance, and experiment with my sexuality. I had fantasized about being with women many times before but I had never pursued those fantasies but somehow I knew that tonight would be different. 

Tonight I would make my fantasy a reality. Despite my fear, I felt my heart thumping with excitement in anticipation of what tonight may bring. I felt fairly attractive with long golden blonde hair, hazel eyes, 5' 6", and about 123 pounds. Although I thought I had good looks, I still wasn't sure if anyone would show interest in me, or how I would react if they did. It didn't take me long to find out. I noticed her from across the room when I first walked in. She looked to be about the same age as me, a few inches shorter than me, and with a with a seductive body. Definitely the drop dead gorgeous type. The type I was usually jealous of or intimated by. 

Dressed in a low-cut tight dress and a pair of high heeled shoes, she looked ® like a model; not someone I would have expected to find in a gay bar. As I was facing the bar, looking at her in the mirror, she approached me, and openly studied me from head to toe. She couldn't take her eyes off of me. She suddenly stopped next to me and ordered a screaming orgasm from the bartender. As she waited for her drink, she turned to me and asked, "Are you new here?"

I lowered my stare and timidly said "yes". The next thing I knew, I looked down at my watch and we had been talking for over fifteen minutes.

I was anxiously waiting for her to make the first move, since I was too nervous to try. From our conversation, I knew her name was Amanda, and that she was a nurse working in one of the area hospitals. That was really all I knew about this gorgeous woman, besides the fact that she was very interested in me. Still it wasn't enough, I wanted to know more. When she made her move, it was direct and to the point. All she said was "Let's go to my place." I was caught off guard by the idea but accepted her offer without hesitation. 

As we left the bar and headed to our cars, she told me to follow her. I followed her yellow Mustang through the city streets, wondering if I should turn around, but I couldn't. The half dozen drinks had made tonight's rendezvous inevitable. Tonight I would find out what I needed to know about myself. We made it to her house after driving for about 25 minutes. It was in a nearby town and was the only house that I had seen in miles. 

There was no going back now. We arrived at her house and she walked beside me to the front door. Tonight certainly wasn't what I had planned, in fact it seemed to have turned out so much better. I just hoped she wouldn't take too long to make her move once we got inside. We sat in her living room, just talking for about half an hour. I had been expecting something to happen by now. Then suddenly, I felt momentary panic as she left her chair and sat next to me on the couch. Then she leaned over and kissed me ever so gently on the lips. Her kiss was warm and moist and sent shivers of desire through my body. There was no more thinking after a kiss like that. I no longer felt apprehensive about my feelings towards Amanda.

I was ignited with desire for her body, and for her pussy and she must have sensed it because she peeled off every stitch of clothing she had on. I could smell her womanly scent and it made me hot. The sight of that tight little pussy glistening with wetness made me nervous again and I told her that this was my first time with a woman and to please be careful. Hearing this, she said nothing and carefully removed all my clothing. Here we both were now, standing naked. Abruptly she dropped to her knees and got in between my thighs. She began slowly and seductively licking the folds of my clit. They had never been licked like that before. The touch of a woman's tongue was so amazing. She brought me close to orgasm but didn't let me cum. Then she took my hand, walked me into her bedroom and told me to lie down. I happily obliged. Once there, she slowly slid her fingers into my wet, juicy, pussy then she pulled them out and licked them. 

She then forced them back in again and began finger fucking me. I couldn't get enough. It was obvious that she knew what she was doing. She was so fucking good. I told her how the fragrance of her pussy was driving me crazy, and how I wanted to taste her. I switched places with her and got on top, burying my face right into her wet, eager hole. As her hands slowly explored the curves of my body, I felt her quiver as I licked her firmly with my tongue. She tasted so good, next I shoved two of my fingers deep into her swollen pussy, then pulled them out and placed them in her mouth to let her taste her own wetness. She seemed to enjoy my natural aggressiveness but her experience took over. She wanted to fuck me. She then lay right on top of me and began rubbing her pussy against mine. It was too intense. Within minutes, we both started moaning and suddenly I felt her juice flowing down my inner thighs. The warmth of her orgasm was all I could take and within a matter of seconds I started to orgasm too! We were both frantically grinding. No one had ever made me cum like that. We were so exhausted that we stayed in that position and fell asleep.

When I woke up the next morning, she had already showered and was in the kitchen brewing coffee for us. Smelling the aroma, I went out to the kitchen and told her I had to leave. I had some thinking to do because my mind was in confusion over guilt and pleasure because of the night's events. She said she understood, gave me her phone number and invited me to a party next weekend, saying I should be there. I said okay and left, knowing that nothing would keep me from THAT party! 

All my doubts about myself had been answered, but now I needed to know how this would affect the rest of my life. The only thing I was sure about was that I wanted more. My pussy was dripping with cum and pleasantly pulsating from our rendezvous. I knew I would need a few days to recover from all the sex I just had. Yet, I wanted more, even though I couldn't have handled it. I left there without telling her whether I would go to the party or not, but she already knew the answer.