 For all of you pathetic saps, who rush home every night to be suckered into yet another ‘choreographed’ ‘Reality’ TV Show, thinking that the ‘players’ are anything more than ‘total losers’ trying for their 15 minutes of fame…GET A LIFE!!!

For those of you who live in ‘Reality’, and have more important things to do (like breath) than waste your time, I bring you “The REAL Real World”.

My name is Amanda, and I am a flight attendant, living in NYC, sharing a converted loft/warehouse with Jody, Susan, Kim, Toni and Roxanne.

No, we are not ‘lesbians’, although Kim (who is sitting here with me as I write this) swears that had she not left the “land of the whispering bushes (San Francisco)” she probably would have went that way.

She says that there are only 4 types of men in the Bay area…Freaks, Geeks, Fags or ‘boys’ trying to ‘fit’ into one of the first three groups, trying to be ‘someone’. She claims that women from ‘there’ have very few ‘choices’.

Anyway, we are all happily ‘hetro’, but, because we are all associated with careers that tend to keep us busy, (Susan and I are ‘Stews’, Kim owns a Catering business, Toni runs a popular Restaurant, Jody is a ‘Personal Trainer’ and runs a Gym and Roxie owns a High-End Lingerie Shop) and we all keep ‘weird’ hours, none of us is in a ‘serious’ relationship.

It’s truly rare (once or twice a month) that we are all together, so we try and use those times to ‘catch-up’, and we usually schedule those times exclusively to ourselves, no boys allowed, and do the girl-girl thing. It all started as a ‘girls night out’ type of thing, but the more these ‘events’ took place, the more we realized that when we were together, the better times we had, and so it just sort of evolved into a ‘true’ girl-girl event.

Anyway, a couple of the girls got the idea to write this after watching one of those ‘looks back’ of ‘The Real World’ and listening to all of the ‘whining’ that went on. And then Kim saw a recent show about the ‘Survivor’ series. What a bunch of ‘losers’ these ‘morons’ are. If they believed that these shows were anything but a ruse to throw a bunch of ‘dim bulbs’ together to make fools of them on national television, or truly thought they were ‘proving’ anything to anyone, they are worse off than the idiots that watched this dribble. You people that watch these ‘reality’ shows have got to know that the only reality here is that you have no lives, or you would truly not even be tuned in.

Kim says…”You want reality?” “Take two queers, two bankers, two lawyers and two cops…Let them introduce themselves on national television, to the world, I mean ‘everything’…Then drop them, unarmed, without so much as a cell phone, in the middle of South Central, or Bed-Sty, just before dark, and one of them (the mole) is carrying $10,000 cash and the whole world knows it…Sprinkle the show with ‘challenges’, like say, ‘bitch-slapping’ the first person that pulls a gun or a knife, or yelling the ‘N’ word as a group of them passes by, and award prizes accordingly. Then THAT ‘Survivor’ gets the Grand Prize.” Of course, we all know that that’s a show we’ll never see, because they could never find anyone willing to take the cameras and follow them.

So, if you are ready for some ‘Real’ REALITY, here goes.

After one of our ‘get-togethers’ we’ve all decided to ‘share’ the stories of how we got together, and how our ‘house’ keeps it ‘Real’. We decided that Kim should have the first go at it, since she brought it up, and she was the ‘founder’ of our ‘troupe’. We do have video cameras set up when we do our thing, but for our personal enjoyment only. Sometimes we carry one with us when we go out, and set it up for some candid shots. Since our ‘family’ started out, over a year and a half now, we have accumulated close to 200 hours of video. Kim, (I guess you can tell by now who the ‘instigator’ of the group is) thinks we ought to start a pay-per-view website, but that’s a whole other discussion.

Kim is going to tell you how she met Roxie. You see, Kim was the one who originally rented the space we all call home. She had a regular client in her catering business, who is a high-roller down in the garment district, and used this place to store mannequins and such. Anyhow, Kim had a fire at her apartment house and this guy was ‘merging’ with a partner and they were going to sell off this warehouse. Kim reached an agreement with the guy, and rented the top floor as living space and half of the bottom floor she uses for her Catering business, and they used the other half for overflow of their fashion stuff. Since this guy ‘inherited’ his business and the building. He even carried the note that allowed Kim to set up shop downstairs, and then sold her the place outright after her business got going, now renting their space from her.

I am turning the keyboard over to Kim, but I’ll be right here…Her spelling sucks.

Hi, I’m Kim. First, a little about myself (I mean this is Literotica, right?). I am 5’10” tall with auburn hair and hazel eyes. My weight is my business, but my measurements are 35-23-34. My distinguishing features are my nipples, which, when NOT erect stand up about an inch and a half off my areola breasts, and a tattoo of a hummingbird hovering just above the clitoral area of my shaved pussy. My turn-ons are, I only wear panties when absolutely necessary and ‘advertise’ this fact as often as possible. I am in a constant state of arousal to one degree or another, and am always angling for new possibilities. And I love giving blowjobs…Deep, long, hot blowjobs.

I met Roxanne through my catering business. My business was in a slump, and I was barely meeting my obligations, financially. I was getting a lot of small jobs, but I was also having last minute cancellations or ‘changes’, that were putting me in a bind, because many of these were coming after arrangements and/or supplies had been paid for.

I was having a particularly bad day, as a ‘huge’ socialites wedding was cancelled, because the bride had walked in on the groom, being ‘serviced’ by the best man at the rehearsal dinner! I guess San Fran hasn’t quite cornered the market on ‘pole climbing’. Anyway, as I was sitting there, having my rehearsal dinner go to hell, Roxie called.

Seems she had just opened her shop in NYC and wanted to throw a chic bash to herald it’s coming. We set up an appointment for the next day, over lunch, and she mentioned she wanted the best of the best. She had gotten my name from my garment contact. We met the next day, and I was stunned by her beauty. I mean, just the sight of this ‘Amazon’ would make anyone’s mouth water, man or woman. Roxie is a 6’4” tall olive skinned ‘ringer’ for that woman Elvira. When she walked out on that patio, even the waiters stopped and took a long second look. She was wearing a white gauze tube top and skirt combo, with a white thong underneath. It was obvious that that tube top was barely restraining her mammoth breasts, and her areola were clearly visible, looking somewhat like she had Oreo cookies fastened to her chest. After our introductions, as she sat down, the first words out of her mouth were “if I didn’t know I would get arrested, I wouldn’t have worn any panties either, and your nipples are cursing their ‘cage’”. As I sat there deducing how she ‘knew’, she continued, saying “no panty line, and its not cold out”, stating that in her line of work it was her bread and butter to be able to size a subject up in ten seconds or less. Bluntly, she said, “she also enjoyed the feel of a breeze against the intimate parts of her body, but especially between her thighs when she was cruising with the top down.”

Then she did something that was both, rather peculiar, but exactly right for the moment…Looking around at all of the stares, she first asked if I had any business cards, took all that I had, stood up and announced to anyone in ear shot that “she was opening an Erotic Lingerie & Fantasy Shop, her Grand Opening Gala was in two weeks, I was her Caterer, and if anyone wished to attend, please have their waitperson obtain our cards.” Needless to say, our supply was exhausted in mere seconds.

We touched on various points of our proposed business arrangement, and agreed to return to her boutique to further plan her affair. Point in fact; we were eating at one of the more respectable establishments in the area. After we finished our lunch, amid the stares, the winks and the nods, Roxie did something that at the time embarrassed the crap out of me, but actually was the first step in our now ongoing adventures in erotica. As we stood up to leave, she asked for everyone’s attention, which of course was immediate if not sooner, at which point she pulled down her tube top, and lifted my skirt, exposing her beautiful breasts and my hummingbird to the world proclaiming that this is but a sample of what will be shown as part of the production on opening night.

Once settled in the cab for the ride to her boutique, Roxanne subtly removed her thong and dropped it in her bag. Still reeling from our ‘departure’ from the restaurant, what I thought I saw as she removed her panties didn’t really register, and rather than embarrass either one of us I simply decided in my own mind, that I had imagined what I thought I saw.

As Roxie stood unlocking the door to her establishment, besides getting a perfect view of her beautiful ass, I caught the reflection of her pussy area in the glass of the door. AND, I hadn’t been seeing things. Roxanne had a penis. As I stood mesmerized, I was brought back to reality by her asking if I was coming or not, and realized that she was watching me staring at her reflection. More shocking than what I saw was what I felt happening within me. My face immediately flushed, of course, but my pussy became instantly moist, as my nipples hardened, aching to be free. I was becoming so soggy, in fact, that had I been alone at that moment, I would have been masturbating like a fiend. Thinking about that scenario, proceeded to make me even wetter, causing me to suddenly wish I had worn panties, as I could feel my juices begin to flow from my pussy and down my thighs.

Roxie, sensing my confused state, suddenly turned and declared, “Don’t worry, I’m not a freak, and that isn’t a penis.” Then just as suddenly she turned and walked toward the back of the shop, asking if I wanted tea or coffee. She proceeded to show me around the place, and I am telling you, she had some of the most gorgeous merchandise that I have ever seen, with some of the highest prices to go along with it. As if reading my mind, again, she started revealing how her clients were not just the Fredericks or Victoria’s Secrets type of individuals. Most of them were filthy rich, completely anti ‘off-the-rack’ and/or strictly ‘behind’ the counter. She had just about anything that you could think of when it came to ‘erotica’, none of which could be classified as ‘sleaze’. She had clothing AND ‘accessories’ that could start you fantasizing just standing there, and that was only those items on display for the ‘general public’. 

Further in the back, was the ‘Reserved Collections’ room, where it was clearly labeled “Admittance By Appointment Only”, where there was exquisite furnishings, set up in what can only be described as a mini theatre of sorts, seating maybe 25 people, with almost inaudible music filling the air, causing your senses to strain to take note. She explained that this was her ‘high-rollers’ room, where the clientele was given private viewings of the boutiques offerings. This place was the Waldorf of ‘erotica’…Bustiers starting at $500 up to $3000…Undergarments starting at $75…Evening Gowns, (not knock-offs) originals and one-of-a-kinds starting at $2500. Roxanne said that on a smaller scale, a place she had started in LA wasn’t even opened to the public, and her client list was a regular who’s who of the Hollywood Elite.

Anyway, as we were sitting in the ‘private’ room sipping champagne and going over more details, Roxanne asked what I was thinking about, I guess because my mind continually returned to the vision I had seen in the glass and my pussy was still in a fairly aroused state. I explained to her that I was reliving what had transpired in the last two hours or so, and she asked if it had made me uncomfortable. When I sheepishly replied that my embarrassment had quickly turned to pleasure and an almost anticipation of what could possibly be next, she immediately removed any doubt by returning to the subject of what I had witnessed at the front door.

She explained that many of her so-called friends had severed any/all association with her without ever giving her a chance to explain her oddity. It seems that when she was a small girl, she had had a rather ‘freak’ accident while riding a bicycle. They had just removed the training wheels, and her father had taken her to a park, where they could try out her skills, sans the training wheels. Unfortunately, as he let her go, they were at the apex of an incline that became more acute as she went along. Soon she was going too fast, and her dad couldn’t grab on to stop her. By the time that she realized what was happening, it was too late for her to stop, before she hit a tree propelling the ‘neck’ of the handlebars into her groin area. The resulting surgeries left her with the apparition that I had witnessed. Don’t get me wrong, there was nothing grotesque about what I had seen, (i.e. the juices flowing from my pussy) but it truly appeared as if Roxanne had a small penis.

Roxanne says that in many ways it is a curse that she has her ‘defect’, but the biggest ‘problem’ she has is that when she wears any covering at all, she is almost constantly on the verge of orgasm, no matter what the situation. She had spent most of her life ‘fighting’ that problem, and finally, when she became old enough, and out on her own, she simply learned to embrace her circumstance and has been living ‘La Vita Loca’.

Then she did something that I had been hoping for, but only half expected. She stood up before me, and removed her all but see through skirt, placing one leg on the arm of the sofa where we were sitting, inviting me to thoroughly inspect what she referred to as her ‘jewel’. As the light was not ‘glaring’, it was rather difficult to actually ‘see’ anything, at which point Roxie whispered, “it doesn’t bite.” I don’t know whether it was her, the champagne, the music, or me but I soon found myself mere inches from my hostess’s mons and was surprised to smell jasmine mixed with the heady aroma of the juices emanating from her pussy. As I set eyes on her clitoris, I was amazed at its mass. At rest, it extended a good two inches from her labia, and almost unperceptively seemed to pulse or bob under my scrutiny.

Roxanne, reached down and gently spread the lips of her pussy, so that I might get a closer look, at which point the combination of the aroma, the music and the champagne, caused me to inhale deeply feeling the flood begin in my pussy. Without even realizing it, my right hand had found its way to my own now sopping slit and began the rhythmic caress that I knew would soon lead to orgasm, while my left hand was absent-mindedly tweaking my nipples through my bra, at which point I heard Roxanne through my fog, asking if I was sure that this was a good idea.

Understand, that until this very moment, I had never even entertained the thought of me and another woman, but it was as if I was under some sort of spell, as I felt my head nodding the affirmative. I sat mesmerized, with my right hand gently stroking my own clit, as Roxanne, having spread herself wide with her right hand, now took her left hand and began to stroke her ‘penis’. I am not kidding when I tell you that her clit was soon an angry crimson in color and a full inch longer.

I couldn’t help myself as I leaned forward and tasted another woman for the first time. The instant my tongue touched her clit I felt the orgasm building in my toes and rocketing throughout my body as my own clit felt as if it too had grown larger than I had ever felt it before. As my tongue began to manipulate her clit, Roxanne gently grabbed the top of my head and guided my mouth where she needed it, and it was all too willing to follow.

Her right hand had now removed her top and was almost brutally attacking her nipples, as they too were seemingly growing to ‘monstrous’ proportions, which caused me to attack my nipples, with a vengeance, having moved my bra out of the way. My left hand was now gently stroking the folds of her pussy, as yet another ‘revelation’ made itself known. The more Roxie became excited, and the lips of her pussy engorged themselves they extended themselves almost like lapels on a suit, trying to hide the wonderful clit that I was now sucking on with abandon. Roxie’s lips were so large when excited, they literally seemed to want to swallow my entire face, which was fine with me, as I found myself eating this beautiful pussy as if it were my last meal. I plunged two fingers of my left hand deep into her pussy as Roxie began gently humping my face, and trembling as her own orgasm neared. My right hand soon had me speeding to another orgasm, as the nectar from the flower at the tip of my tongue flooded my mouth as Roxanne came with an almost animal groan, sending me over the edge as my own pussy flooded my hand with my own sweet juices.

As our orgasms subsided, Roxanne reached down and, taking my right hand began licking my fingers clean as I took my left hand and licked up her honey, like a staved kitten. As the ‘clean up’ ended Roxanne, gently lifted me and treated me to another first, the kiss of another woman. Our lips met, her full almost overly voluptuous lips gently at first then ever more forcefully, locked onto mine as her tongue gently nudged its way into my mouth where I tasted myself, as her hands gently began caressing my bottom, our breasts pressing against each others bodies, as if trying to consume one another, Roxanne gently began gyrating her hot wet pussy against my stomach and pelvis, her ‘cock’ as we would call it from now on, gently swelling as it caressed my hummingbird, and I thrust myself against her.

I felt as if at any minute I would pass out, as I felt my third orgasm thundering upwards from deep within. At which point Roxanne broke our embrace, took me by the hand and led me behind a curtain, through a door hidden from view, into her ‘apartment’, which barely consisted of two rooms and a bathroom. But like she said, until she got everything going it was ‘home’.

She led me to the ‘bedroom’ and gently placed me onto a huge claw and ball feather bed. She knelt beside me, telling me to ‘tell’ her what I wanted as she took her tongue and gently began at my toes and traced wet trails up one leg and then the other. It wasn’t long before she had covered my entire body, with the exception of my breasts and pussy, intentionally avoiding any contact with these areas, regardless of my pleadings, trailed wet kisses over my entire body.

She then sat me up and settled in behind me, as her ‘cock’ nestled into the crack of my ass. She gently pulled me back, tilting my head as she began ‘making love’ to my ear. And, I mean exactly that. I have had many men ‘suck’ on my ears, and some even did what I thought until now, was an expert job of it, but Roxanne, in a matter of seconds had me on the verge of eruption, and brought me to completion simply by touching my clit, which by now was screaming for attention. I literally felt myself passing out as wave after wave after wave crashed over my body.

When I ‘came to’ I know that there was a good pint of love juice on the sheet below me, and I realized that Roxie was now furiously fingering herself. I couldn’t allow this to continue, as I spun around facing her, driving my pussy against hers as if trying to dislodge our clits by force, bringing both of us to orgasm in seconds. While still riding the wave, I gently pushed her back and dove into her beautiful pussy, with a relish I didn’t know one could feel. I am telling you now, that I don’t believe that I will ever see a pussy that is as beautiful and enchanting as this woman’s, and you’ll find out later that I’m not the only one. I alternately sucked her cock and lapped her nectar for what seemed like hours, until Roxanne laid me back, propping my head up with a pillow, and swung herself around into a 69 position as we began devouring one another, until we literally couldn’t take any more.
