 Nina worked as an artists' model throughout graduate school to make ends meet. She worked part-time at her university for the fine arts department, sitting for "Painting 101" two mornings a week. Being a nude model was no big deal for her, having been on the other side as an art student. There was a space heater she could use if the room became too cold, and the instructor encouraged her to take frequent breaks to avoid getting stiff, particularly with harder poses. During these breaks, she would don her bathrobe, walk around the room, and chat with the students in the class about how their work was coming along.

One of these students was already an accomplished sculptor who had enrolled the painting class to broaden her skills. She took Nina aside one day and asked if she would be willing to sit for a painter colleague and friend of hers. "She does Georgia O'Keefe-type pieces," the student said, "except not with flowers. And she pays pretty well." Learning that this painter friend paid almost twice as much per hour as the university, Nina eagerly agreed to call her up for an interview.

"Hello?"

"Hello. My name is Nina Jameson. I got your phone number from Chloe. She mentioned that you were looking for models."

"Yes, Nina. I'm glad you called. I'm Janice Rainwater. Chloe has told me wonderful things about you! Do you have time this afternoon to stop by at my studio?"

"I can stop by after my seminar at, say, around three o'clock?"

"Perfect! Take the number five bus downtown to the 36th avenue stop. My studio is on the fifth floor of the Pillsbury Building."

When Nina arrived at the door of Janice's studio, she was greeted by the familiar, comforting aroma of oil paint. Nina knocked, and a woman who appeared to be in her early forties answered the door. The woman's impossibly thick black hair that she wore loose and long had streaks of gray here and there like ripples in a deep river, and her forehead and jawline were strong but not hard. She had the smoothest olive complexion that Nina had ever seen, and there were soft creases at the corners of her large brown eyes.

"Nina!" she beamed. "I feel like I know you already!" Janice's manner was at once friendly and energetic, and instead of shaking Nina's hand, she extended her arms for a bear hug. "How are you?"

"I'm well. And you?" Nina asked as she accepted the hug. She liked Janice immediately.

"Never been better! Come on in, come in!"

Janice's studio was an impressive, but not imposing, space. It was the airy, open penthouse suite of a building that otherwise consisted of offices. Along one wall were framed newspaper reviews and photographs of the crowd at various exhibition openings. Nina felt vaguely embarrassed that she was only learning of this accomplished painter only now. Janice poured Nina a cup of hot, soothing tea and directed her to the other part of her studio.

"This is my work-in-progress," she waved to the canvases arranged in controlled disarray, propped up along the walls. Chloe was right. They were like Georgia O'Keefe's paintings, except unlike O'Keefe, Janice made no attempt to hide the fact that her work depicted giant vulvas. There must have been at least a dozen of them, all of varying size, shape, and coloration.

"Wow! These are beautiful!" Nina exclaimed as she ran her eyes over the saturated colors of each piece. The vulvas were huge—almost monstrous—but gorgeously so.

"I got that thing from a medical supply store," Janice gestured towards the gynecological exam table. "It looks quite clinical, but I try not to let the furniture affect the warmth I want to convey in these pieces."

"Well... no. Your paintings don't look clinical at all."

"Would you be up for my doing a few preliminary sketches today?"

"Hmm... to tell you the truth, I haven't shaved in a while."

"Nonsense! I want to depict women as they are. If unshaved is the way it is, then so be it!" Janice belted. "I'll give you this bathrobe here, and you can go behind that screen to undress."

A few moments later, Nina was on the exam table with feet in the footrests, and she was trying hard not to think about speculums.

"Relax for me," Janice cooed. "And please let me know if you are cold." Janice sketched on a pad with pencil while Nina posed for her. Nina watched Janice's face as she worked. Her eyes were dark and insightful, and they betrayed a generous spirit. Nina was startled to find herself vaguely aroused in this position of all positions. Her pussy tingled mildly as Janice looked back and forth between it and the images she drew on her sketchpad.

"You have some striking labia definition," Janice said. "Can I get you to spread your inner lips so that I can do a sketch with them open?"

Nina reached down with both hands to comply with the artist's request. "Excellent!" Janice responded. "This will be a good one."

Nina was self-conscious. She hoped that her budding excitement would not be overly obvious. She felt that familiar puckering at her clit that signaled an erection, and with her lips spread like that, the engorged red-pink of the inner surfaces would be visible. If there was any doubt as to whether or not she was turned on by posing like this for Janice, the emerging drop of pussy juice at her cunt would have definitively addressed the issue.

"Okay. Great. I'm just about done," Janice said, awakening Nina from her stupor. "We seem to be on a roll here with all that creative energy, but since it's getting late and the light won't be sufficient anymore, I'll need to do the painting another time."

Nina got up to get dressed. When she emerged from behind the screen, Janice asked if she could come back tomorrow morning.

* * * * *

The next morning, Nina returned to Janice's studio which, by then, seemed like home. She felt very comfortable around Janice, and knew she could trust her even though she had met her only the day before. Once again, Nina was undressed on the gynecological exam table with her feet in the footrests and legs spread apart.

This time, Janice had a canvas on her easel, and her paintbrushes and oil paints were out and in order. "The sketches I did yesterday were really useful. I have a good idea of what I want to do."

As Janice settled into her work, Nina felt arousal creep up on her once again. The more Janice painted, the more excited Nina got. Janice's calm, comforting—but intense—expression never changed as she worked, paintbrush moving rhythmically across the canvas. Nina's pussy tingled and tingled as Janice painted it. She knew her labia were swollen, and she wasn't even pretending not to be aroused anymore as her natural lubrication dripped down her crack and pooled on the towel-draped exam table. If Janice was put off by Nina's response to posing for her, she didn't show it. She just kept on painting as if she noticed nothing.

Nina closed her eyes and breathed slowly and deeply, trying to stay calm or—even—drift off to sleep so that she could avoid becoming more aroused. Suddenly, a hand on her knee startled her. Nina came to with start. She saw Janice smiling from between her parted thighs. A clean paintbrush was in her hand.

Without speaking, Janice placed the paintbrush at the opening of Nina's cunt. It clenched involuntarily from the much-welcomed sensation. Janice then started to move the paintbrush back and forth, back and forth in painting motions on Nina's pussy, spreading her natural lube all over her labia and clitoris in slow, arousing strokes. Nina gasped and arched her back from the unusual stimulation.

The motions of the paintbrush were almost hypnotic as they steadily went up and down, back and forth, and in circular motions all over Nina's very-much engorged pussy. Janice had glazed the entire glorious surface of Nina's pussy with her own girl juice. Then, knowing what Nina needed at that point, Janice lifted up Nina's clit hood and concentrated the motion on the exposed, sensitive bud underneath it. Nina writhed and a soft moan escaped her lips.

The motions of the paintbrush were steady and rhythmic, and in a wave of overwhelming pleasure, Nina climaxed by bucking her hips. Up and down her hips went on the exam table, and her spastic legs rattled the footrests. The paintbrush stimulation continued through Nina's orgasm, and once it subsided, Nina was spent.

"Thank you," Janice looked earnestly and intently into Nina's glassy eyes. "That's the missing ingredient in all of my paints."

Janice took the paintbrush loaded with Nina's pussy juice back to the easel and mixed the products of Nina's arousal into the paint. "I really appreciate your doing this for me, you know," Janice said. "It means a lot to me. Truly." She continued to paint with the mixture of Nina's pussy juice and oil paint.

"I'm almost finished with this piece. All of my pieces have the missing ingredient donated by the model who sits for it. It's a sacred fluid without which these paintings wouldn't be the same." As Janice smiled at Nina, her eyes lit up.

* * * * *

A few months later, Nina received an invitation for Janice's exhibition opening. Wearing her best dress, Nina attended the swank event where the city's intellectual upper crust—who all seemed to be clad in black turtlenecks and slacks—nodded and murmured phrases of pretentious praise as they strolled about the gallery. In light of the amazing orgasm she received in Janice's studio, Nina had an even greater appreciation for the brightly-colored larger-than-life vulvas hanging in the gallery. She looked at all of the women in attendance. "Which of them were Janice's models?" Nina wondered. "Who has that big clitoris? Who has that colorful cunt?" And knowing that there was pussy juice dried into each and every painting was the secret they all shared.

Nina wandered from piece to piece with a champagne flute in her hand and a sly smile on her face.