 She was an angel. A beautiful angel with her thick, shiny black hair flying behind her as she ran onto the field. And then, just before the game started, she reached down to her ankle and removed a shiny red ribbon. She grabbed her hair, somehow taming it in her hand before tying it tightly with the ribbon. Now she was an angel on the field, with that red ribbon in her hair. Her ponytail bounced with the pumping of her legs up and down the field. The game passed in a blur. It wasn't important. Suddenly, she was there, her soft, lightly tanned skin, her almond-shaped eyes crinkling at the corners with a bright smile. Her small, pert breasts pressing oh-so-gently, and her thick, thick hair, coming down in waves over her shoulders. The light scent of cherry blossoms, and then she was gone again, leaving her red ribbon waving merrily in the wind.

Allie woke abruptly, groaning as her head pounded in exhaustion. She rolled over and glanced at the clock. 4:30 a.m. Perfect. She had at least two hours before she had to get up for school, and it seemed like she was never going to get back to sleep. Deciding that it was to her advantage to take her shower early and watch the sun rise over a cup of hot tea, she shook her tangled red-blonde hair out of her face, blowing a few strands impatiently out of her green eyes and away from her slightly freckled nose. She rose and slipped on a pink fuzzy bathrobe and slippers, made her way to the bathroom. She closed the door as quietly as possible and hoped that the shower didn't wake her roommate, Garrett.

She and Garrett had gone to high school together and were sharing an apartment in San Francisco while the two went to college. The apartment was pretty small, and they only had one bathroom, but they were always pleasant to each other. Plus, Garrett was gay and one of her best friends, so it was a sweet, and safe, deal. She couldn't have imagined living with some lecherous guy always trying to catch a look at her in the shower, and females without some kind of drama were hard to find.

Soaping up her body, she yawned and let her hands graze her breasts thoughtfully. She was too tired to do much other than merely rinse off, and so her shower was pretty short. She microwaved a mug of water until it was hot, and then dropped in a tea bag. Quietly moving to the balcony, she plunked herself down in one of their crappy lawn chairs and waited for the sun.

As it rose surrounded by a pink and orange sky, Allie finally thought back to her dream. It was the same one, or nearly so, that she'd been having off and on for months. She didn't have to think hard to figure out what it meant. She considered herself straight, but these dreams always made her think twice. Sure, her main sexual experiences had been with her best friend back in high school, but come on, that was a long time ago and it had never been like that with any other girl. Problem was, the girl in her dream was one she had known for about eight years, and had had a crush on her at one time, too.

"Kanya." The name whispered out of Allie's parted lips to float away on the gentle breeze. Kanya was her same age, nineteen, and attended the same college, even though they had never had any classes together. She was, to Allie, the perfect example of femininity. A sample of her ideal woman, if she were to have such a thing. Calling up an image of Kanya in her mind, she ran her mental gaze over it.

Kanya's parents had moved from Thailand to California the year she had been born, so she spoke both Thai and English. She was on the short side, around five feet tall, and slender at 105 pounds, but not skinny. Her breasts were small and firm-looking, with nipples the color of coffee with a touch of cream set off by her caramel-colored skin. Allie knew, because she and Kanya had gone to the beach tons of times together, and they changed in front of each other all the time. She also had seen Kanya's toned legs and the area between them, perfectly smooth except for a thin strip. She had been surprised at the obviously perfect texture that she'd asked, somewhat embarrassed.

She remembered the way Kanya had tossed her head, giggling in embarrassment, flushing a light pink, that Allie had noticed. "I don't shave. I wax!" she had exclaimed, much to Allie's surprise. Going back to Kanya, Allie recalled her flat tummy, and then her face, the very best part. Dark brown almond-shaped eyes, turning up at the outer corners, and a thin, soft nose with a few stray freckles sprinkled across it. Allie adored freckles on Asian women; she thought they were cute and sexy. And those lips, full without being overpowering, and always so soft looking.

Deeply lost in her reverie, Allie missed Garrett's hands on her shoulders until he began squeezing them lightly in massage. She groaned softly and then turned to face him.

"I'm sorry, did I wake you?" He gave her a strange look, raising one eyebrow.

"No, um, my alarm clock did. Where have you been? It's almost seven."

"I...what?! Seven o'clock in the morning?"

"Yeah." His mouth quirked in a near grin. "Really, what have you been thinking about so hard?" Allie blushed and mumbled before dashing off to get dressed.

All that day, Allie couldn't get her head out of her dreams and into her studies. She could almost smell the sweet herbal scent of Kanya's shampoo, which she wore like a perfume, giving her an exotic air. Cherry blossoms, Allie remembered. And that red ribbon. Tying back her thick, shiny black hair, that red ribbon. Allie couldn't think of a time when Kanya had ever worn her hair in a ribbon, much less a red one.

Garrett walked into their living room at six that evening to find Allie sitting cross-legged on the couch, her book and the television both long forgotten. Her eyes had glazed over and she was licking her lips absently. He dropped down beside her and shook her gently.

"Look, Allie, whatever it is that you've been thinking about so hard, you've got to talk about it. It's really been messing you up." He could see her hesitate. "Come on, how hard could it be? Tell me who it is."

"How...? Eh, well, I guess you won't mind, will you?" she said sarcastically.

"Ooh, is it a girl?" He grinned at her. She only shrugged. "It's Kanya, isn't it?" When she flinched violently, he laughed softly. "Listen, the last time she was over here, I could practically see you vibrating. I think you even drooled." He nudged her when she glared.

"I did no such thing!"

"Oh yes. You're very dignified." He winked at her. "Well it's a good thing it isn't her, then, because I invited her over here tonight for a study session, and I forgot I have a date. Too late to call her, though, so I'm glad you can handle being alone with her."

"Jerk," she muttered, as he walked away laughing. Twenty minutes later, Garrett had left, and ten minutes after that, there was a knock at the door.

Allie answered and saw Kanya on the porch, looking fresh as a daisy in tiny white shorts and a white halter-top. The cherry blossom scent wafted off of her. But when Allie glanced at the beautiful hair that gave off the scent, she burst into tears. Blinking widely in surprise Kanya ushered them both in and steered Allie to the couch, where they both sat, Kanya awkwardly draping an arm around Allie.

"Um, well, good evening to you, too. What's the matter, Allie?"

"Your...your hair!" she managed to sniffle out, choking back another sob. The beautiful long dark hair she had been dreaming about had been all chopped off into a bob cut that Allie probably would otherwise have found cute and sexy. Smothering a smile, Kanya wrapped her other arm around Allie and made soothing sounds instead. She'd had no idea that Allie had liked her hair this much. In fact, it was a little strange.

"Come on, Allie-Cat, it isn't that bad," she soothed, using her nickname for her friend. "I didn't know you liked it so much. I mean, I think it's cute, but hey, it'll always grow back."

Finally hearing the words, Allie lifted her tear-streaked face to shoot a look of horrified mortification at Kanya. She made to rise and dash off to her room, but Kanya caught her arm and pulled her back. "Hey," she said, her brow furrowed. "You can't just collapse in tears and then run off. What's going on?"

"It's nothing, just this stupid dream I've been having."

"About me?" Kanya's eyes widened in surprise as she felt, strangely, flattered.

"Yeah, about your hair, and about this red hair ribbon. It's stupid."

"It's not stupid. Dreams are never stupid. Tell me, how did you feel, seeing me with a red ribbon in my hair?"

"Hah. You sound like a therapist now. I'm not that crazy," Allie managed weakly. She gave a look to Kanya that was inscrutable, but Kanya smiled anyway. She smoothed a hand over Allie's hair and smiled back at her, softly. Then she leaned forward and brushed her lips lightly against Allie's.

"Sure you are." She rose, with Allie still blinking blankly behind her, and pulled the other girl up by her elbow. "You're crazy for not telling me sooner, girlfriend. You know I have a crush on you, right? I've told you only a million times how beautiful you are, and what I said last year, at the beach, about doing you if you'd let me, well, I know you thought I was drunk, but..." She was silenced by Allie's mouth crushing down on hers, and made a soft sound when Allie's tongue penetrated her mouth, swirling around.

The girls looked at each other for a long moment, and then Kanya went to lock the front door. She turned off the porch light and then made her way down the hallway to Allie's room. When Allie had followed her and shut the door behind them, Kanya slowly stripped off her halter to reveal her small, pert breasts. Allie swallowed hard, and then followed suit, exposing her larger, softer breasts to Kanya's gaze. Kanya shimmied out of her shorts, tossing them carelessly over a chair, exposing her shaved pussy to Allie's hungry gaze. The little strip led Allie exactly to where she wanted her eyes to go, and her tongue to follow.

Allie couldn't remember how she ended up naked and kneeling over Kanya's nude body on her white bedspread, but she did remember how delicious Kanya looked beneath her. She ran her hands up Kanya's sides, making her shiver, and cupped her breasts, flicking her thumbs over her nipples. When they were stiff, she pinched them gently, making Kanya cry out. She closed her mouth over one nipple, rolling the other between her fingertips. Kanya moaned, closing her eyes in pleasure. Allie worked on one, and then the other, while Kanya's moaning grew louder. When Allie pushed her breasts together, pulling on her nipples while flicking her tongue over them together, Kanya's hips began pushing up from the bed insistently.

"Oh... oh yes, Allie. Yes, suck on them. Godddd, it feels so good." When Allie pushed in so that her nipples were nearly touching and then bit down, a little harder than she had intended to, Kanya squealed and bucked her hips rapidly. As she was moaning incoherently, Allie quirked an eyebrow and realized that she had made Kanya orgasm, without even touching her pussy. The very thought made her wet. Releasing Kanya's breasts, she scooted down the bed and then pushed Kanya's legs open wide, so that she could get between them. She admired Kanya's pussy, and stroked down the perfectly smooth lips with her fingers, feeling Kanya twitch.

Allie slipped her finger into Kanya, gently, amazed at how easily it slid in, and how wet Kanya was. She finger-fucked her slowly, and then smiled, remembering something. She split Kanya's pussy open at the top, slid some of her wetness up to her clit, and then pressed her palm down lightly on top of it. She continued sliding her finger in and out of Kanya, soon adding a second finger. She brought her mouth up to Kanya's ear, sucking on the earlobe and sliding her tongue around it.

She brought her mouth back to Kanya's and kissed her hard, swallowing Kanya's breathless moans. Within minutes, she felt Kanya's pussy contracting around her fingers and smiled against Kanya's lips. Withdrawing her fingers from Kanya, she sucked on them slowly.

Kanya pushed herself to her knees, wobbling a little, and leaned forward to kiss Allie's neck, nibbling a line down to her breasts. She weighed Allie's breasts in her hand, feeling their deliciously soft skin. Sucking on a nipple brought a soft sigh, and biting it gently, a gasp. She pushed Allie back, spread her legs, and nuzzled the smooth area right above her pussy. Allie's wetness leaked out of her onto her bedspread and Kanya leaned down, licking it up and flicking her tongue gently on Allie's inner thighs.

She settled down further, and drew her tongue up the right side of Allie's pussy, and down the other side, making wide circles. Allie squirmed and moaned in protest. After a moment, Kanya relented and sucked gently on Allie's clit before moving down to tongue her hole. Her tongue darted in and out of Allie, while her fingers danced rapidly on Allie's sensitive clit. Allie clutched the sheets about her head and moaned loudly in response. Kanya felt Allie's muscles tensing and straining in her thighs, keeping her legs spread open, and her pussy pushed up against Kanya. As her fingers stroked over her clit more solidly, Kanya saw a tear escape Allie's eye at the intensity of the pleasure. Allie felt as if a fire were building in her pelvis, threatening to engulf her and leave behind a pile of burning embers.

Allie closed her eyes tightly and saw the burst of color against her eyelids as Kanya wiggled her tongue in as far as it would go and vibrated her clit rapidly. Kanya felt the contractions and the shuddering all over Allie's body as she exploded in a powerful orgasm. She had lost the power to make noise, simply straining her body almost to the breaking point. After a long moment, her hips dropped back to the bed, and Allie felt twinges in her thigh muscles, promising pain the following day. Kanya lay her head on Allie's left thigh and watched her pensively.

"So, you'd like me to grow my hair back out, Allie?" Somewhat sheepishly, Allie bent over and retrieved something from her bedside table drawer. It was a thick, silky red ribbon. She smiled, the corners of her mouth twitching, and then burst into laughter.