 The April meeting passed without incident, as far as I was concerned. Then Margie emailed she was coming in June and I was looking forward to seeing her. So I didn't think much about the meeting in May. 

Again the adventure started with a phone call at work and this time the caller was a young woman named Terry. After introducing herself and explaining her connection with Debby, Terry said she needed a favor. But she supplied no details ... not even a hint.

"Really ... I could explain it better in person," she said.

So I headed for the usual hotel with more questions than usual. 

"This could be the time one of Debby's friends needs help with a stuck zipper," I thought. 

Terry was about 5-foot-3 with an average build and dirty blonde hair cut in an appealing shoulder-length style. In her late 20s, she had the cute, fresh-faced look of a country girl, which is exactly what she turned out to be. 

She invited me in and we sipped drinks while she told her story. My eyes wandered back and forth from her sweet face to her full tits plainly visible in her businesslike blouse. She was probably a C-cup, I decided, but her breasts looked perfect in proportion with her chest and shoulders. I hoped I would get a chance to explore those beauties. 

"You wouldn't believe how often your name is whispered around the office," Terry began, grinning widely. "It's like you're this big secret the girls are dying to talk about, but won't discuss out loud.

"I heard about you one day while I was making copies. Two of the ladies were gossiping just around the corner and didn't know I was there. I overheard that you were an old friend of Debby's, discrete and willing to entertain ladies in their rooms during the Regional Directors' meetings.

"I don't think those girls had actually met you, but they heard a story from somebody who heard a story ... ," she said smiling apologetically. "And I began wondering ... "

She paused for a long time, looking at me shyly. I shifted a little to give my swelling dick more room inside my pants.

"But first I should warn you that I don't need anything ... sexual ... from you," she said, looking apologetic. I struggled to hide my disappointment. 

"I've heard you've ... helped ... other girls from the office. But I don't want to give you the wrong idea. My problem ... well ... do you have time for a long story?"

Apparently I wasn't going to wind up in bed with Terry, which was disappointing considering her fine body and appealing looks. But she had stirred my curiosity, so I waited to hear her story.

"I started fucking when I was 14, not thinking much about it," she began. "I knew all the older kids did it. I was a tomboy and spent most of my time running around with guys anyway -- fishing, riding horses, shooting tin cans, swimming in the creeks ...

"So it was no big deal when a guy offered to show me his if I showed him mine one hot day under the highway bridge. I think I was 12. From there he went on to feeling my little tits, then fingering, then fucking me. Sometimes I jacked him off and it was fun to watch him get all flushed and start groaning and twitching. For those few minutes I felt like I was in control.

"That was Jimmy Burris who was four years older, a star football player in our little town and my next-door neighbor. I held out for a long time, but once he started grabbing me, I knew he wouldn't give up. I used to let him fuck me once in awhile. The first time was just messy and it hurt. After that it felt good, but nothing spectacular. I kept expecting something more. 

"Jimmy was dating one of our cheerleaders, Leslie Little, and trying to get in her pants. He told me all about it. I was fascinated because she was beautiful ... a redhead with blue eyes, gorgeous pale skin and a few tiny freckles on her nose. She had these sweet little boobs, too, just perfect under a tight T-shirt. 

"Then one day I saw Jimmy go into Leslie's house when I knew her parents were shopping in Grand Island. He was there a long time, and not long afterwards walked by my house and I went out to meet him. We walked the creek down towards the river and he started talking.

"He finally got to fuck Leslie, but she wouldn't let him come in her. She pushed him off just as he got going because she wasn't on the Pill. My god he was frustrated! 

"He was grabbing me by this time and we were out of sight down in some cottonwoods. I felt a little flushed after hearing Jimmy had fucked Leslie, and I let him pull my cutoffs down.

"Then he opened his shorts and I smelled it ... really I smelled HER! His dick REEKED of pussy! I grabbed his shaft and it was still sticky with Leslie's pussy juice. His pubes were all matted with half-dry juice, and the smell made me crazy.

"I lost it! I dropped to my knees and took him in my mouth and started sucking. His dick had been ... INSIDE Leslie Little! I was tasting her PUSSY! I was grossed out and incredibly aroused at the same time. I sucked his dick from top to bottom, getting as much of her juice as I could.

"Jimmy was surprised because I had always refused to suck his cock. But now I was gobbling his rod like a hungry calf going after a cow's tit. He started coming while I was trying to get the last taste of Leslie. Suddenly he shoved his dick deep and my mouth was full of sperm ... warm, gooey and bitter tasting.

"Now it was my turn to be surprised. I gagged and spat and spat some more, trying to get his load out of my mouth. Meanwhile Jimmy had turned me over and was fucking me doggie-style. He took a long time to come again, which was okay because I was in another world, dreaming about Leslie Little and how AMAZING she tasted!

"After that, whenever I saw Leslie I flushed bright red, remembering I had tasted her pussy! But more and more I began to suppress those feelings. I knew it was wrong to feel that way about another girl ... against God's plan. Finally I decided never to think of her again. It was hard to drive Leslie out of my mind, but I was determined not to be a pervert."

Terry told me she had dated and slept with several guys through the years. Those relationships were okay, but she had never fallen in love or felt really satisfied. She rarely had orgasms and then only when she was alone with her vibrator. 

And her sex life had gradually dried up in the years after college. Now at 27 she rarely dated and found herself in a rut of going to work, the gym, then home to watch TV until bedtime.

"I've been thinking something's wrong with me," Terry said. "Why do I always get bored and let my relationships fade away? Why don't I feel any deep connection with the guys in my life?"

Looking back over her short life, Terry realized uncomfortably that she had felt the hot fire of passion only once. And that was when she tasted a beautiful girl's pussy on a boy's dick beside a creek in Nebraska. 

Was she a lesbian and just too repressed to admit it? Terry asked herself. And if so, what could she do about it?

"So that's why I asked you here tonight," she said. "I want to go to a gay bar and see if there's any connection. But I'm too chicken to go by myself."

"You want me to take you to a gay bar?" I said, amused. 

"Well, yeah, is that okay?" 

"It would be different, that's for sure," I said. "Did you have one in mind?"

Terry had obviously done her homework because she mentioned a couple of gay bars that advertised in the local alternative newspaper. I frowned.

"I've never been in those places, but I've heard some rumors," I said. "I think one caters to truckers and the other has had drug busts. How about Burt's Bar?

"Burt's? With that name it could be in my hometown," Terry smiled.

"Burt's used to be a quiet neighborhood bar on the edge of downtown, but it was bought a couple of years ago by a lady who's been changing the place," I said. "For years I've stopped there for an after-work beer, so I got to know the new owner.

"Cassie is gay and she wanted to make the place gay-friendly without chasing away the old-timers. She says the old-timers pay the rent, while the new crowd provides the profit. 

"So she remodeled Burt's one room at a time and put in a dance floor and bar upstairs. Now it's a neighborhood joint until 10 or 11 when the younger, hipper crowd starts to arrive. The old-timers still drink beer downstairs, but the upstairs crowd likes to dance and flirt and turn up the music. And since Cassie is lesbian, a lot of her customers are gay. And if we strike out at Burt's, we can try somewhere else."

Terry looked relieved at the idea of starting her quest at a not-so-gay bar. And that made me realize she was nervous despite her appearance of confidence.

Cassie was working the downstairs bar when I led a newly hesitant Terry into Burt's. 

"Hey Mark! You're later than usual!" she boomed, then she raised her eyebrows as I led Terry to the bar. "What have we here?" she asked, reaching out to shake the young woman's hand.

"Cassie, this is Terry. She's a friend of a friend from out of town," I offered. 

"Any friend of a friend of Mark's is welcome here," Cassie beamed, giving me a one-armed hug while looking Terry up and down. "What are you drinking?"

"Actually, we thought we might go upstairs," I said. 

"Whoa!" Cassie said. "This is new. You haven't been up there since you helped me finish the dance floor!" 

"That's not true," I said grinning. "You forgot last Halloween."

"Crap, yes!" she hooted, her eyes wide above her smile. "I forgot about you and that gladiator costume! The girls and boys both wanted your sandals parked by their beds." She turned to Terry. "I didn't even recognize this guy until he took off his helmet. He won the prize for Best Costume and second place in the dance-off! There's nothing like a leather kilt to show off a guy's legs."

Terry was laughing openly now, much more relaxed. Cassie has the great gift of putting everyone at their ease. She's equally at home talking football with a union carpenter or trading cooking tips with a suburban mom.

"So why join the young and restless upstairs?" Cassie asked, leading us to a quiet spot at the end of the bar.

"Terry wants to explore her options, but I'd better let her explain," I said. Terry flushed with embarrassment, but seemed encouraged by Cassie's kind look.

"I ... I think I might be a latent lesbian," she muttered, avoiding Cassie's eyes. "So I asked Mark to take me to a gay bar." 

Cassie looked skeptical. 

"Most gays realize they're different in their teens," she said.

"There WAS an incident when I was 14 that makes me think I lean towards girls," Terry said. "That and the fact that guys don't do it for me."

"Then maybe it's worth your time to go upstairs and look around ... meet some girls, dance and talk. You'll have a good time anyway," Cassie said, squeezing Terry's hand. "Good luck!" 

So Terry and I headed upstairs, found a table near the dance floor and ordered drinks. She looked around curiously, while I watched her take in the scene. 

In fact, there was little to indicate whether the young crowd was gay or straight. True, some of the girls had aggressively short hairstyles and some of the guys were too pretty. But nine out of 10 would have been at home in any sports bar in America. 

Then the music started and couples gradually filled the dance floor including a couple of same-sex pairs. Terry's eyes scanned from couple to couple, while a small smile came and went on her face. She looked very appealing in the soft light despite her businesslike skirt and jacket. I enjoyed the way her breasts strained against her blouse, and sighed with regret. 

Terry was one of the most attractive women in the room, but she was drawing little interest. I wondered if the upstairs crowd thought we were a couple, so I leaned over to speak in her ear. 

"What if I go downstairs for awhile so people know you're available?" I said. She turned to look at me wide-eyed ... partly excited, partly embarrassed. 

"You don't mind? Maybe somebody will ask me to dance?"

So I wandered downstairs with my beer where Cassie and I chatted and watched a game on the big TV. The game ended in a blowout, but before I had time to wonder how Terry was doing Cassie looked towards the stairs and said, "Helloooooo!"

I turned and saw Terry coming down the stairs, arm-in-arm with a tall, slender blonde in a motorcycle jacket. 

"That's Lynn," Cassie whispered in my ear. "Your girl has picked a fireball!"

Before I could ask for an explanation, Terry was introducing me to Lynn who had a strong handshake and self-confident gaze.

"Terry and I are going to her room for a drink," Lynn said, staring into my eyes. "And she says you're her escort."

She paused, looking me up and down.

"I told her you can come, but you don't lay a finger on me," she said assertively. Beside me, Cassie laughed out loud, but Lynn ignored her.

"No problem," I said, while wondering how strange the evening would get.

Terry and I took my car back to her hotel, while Lynn roared along behind us on a bright red Sportster ... the kind with no "girlfriend" seat.

"This what you want?" I asked Terry.

"I think so," she replied, smiling nervously. "I think she's hot. And boy is she forward!"

So a few minutes later the three of us were in an elevator and I had a chance to look Lynn over. She was slender and tall, maybe 5-8, with bleached blonde hair in a short, spiky cut. Her thin triangular face was made remarkable by a pair of piercing gray-blue eyes, a small straight nose and full, pink lips. I could look at her freely because she was entirely focused on Terry who was blushing brightly, unable to meet Lynn's gaze.

A tight, red t-shirt contained Lynn's small round breasts under her leather jacket. And an Indian silver belt threaded the loops of her black, straight-legged jeans. Her jacket and heavy boots were scuffed and worn, indicating she was a real biker, not a weekend warrior. She wore no makeup I could see, and she had small silver studs in her pierced ears. A tiny silver motorcycle hung around her neck on a silver chain.

Once in Terry's room I got myself a beer and sat at the table by the window overlooking the city. Terry stood at the foot of the bed, watching Lynn warily as she circled the room once and peeled off her leather jacket. Then she stopped facing Terry.

"You going to back out?" she asked, issuing a challenge. Terry shook her head, and said "No" softly.

"Look at me." And Terry looked up, her expression a mixture of excitement and fear. 

"I'm always running into little suburban chickies who think they want to walk on the wild side," Lynn said, her eyes boring into Terry's. "Then it's 'Oh no, sorry, I didn't mean to go this far.' " she said in a mincing voice.

"Hell I don't go THAT far! Not with a virgin. But I'll be seriously pissed if we get going and you suddenly decide girl-fucking is not your cup of tea!"

Terry's hands were visibly trembling, but her voice was steady. "I'm not going to back out."

"Okay then," Lynn said more quietly, and leaned in to kiss Terry. 

That first kiss looked more gentle that I expected, an exploration rather than an assault. They drifted closer and put their arms around each other and the kiss grew longer and deeper. They were into it now as Lynn held Terry's face between her hands, kissing her deeply. Terry's hands rested firmly on Lynn's slender hips as she returned the taller girl's attentions. There was a faint moan that sounded like Terry.

They broke the kiss but continued staring into each other's eyes. Lynn started to lean down for another kiss but Terry stopped her with a quick gesture, then turned towards me. 

"Mark, would you mind? I think we'll be okay now." 

I was briefly startled when I realized I was being dismissed. I grinned and stood. 

"Too bad, I guess I don't get to watch." Lynn grinned widely at me, a slight blush on her face, and Terry was smiling up at her.

"Good night, you two," I muttered, and a few seconds later I was headed down the hall shaking my head. This Regional Directors' meeting included an intimate adventure, but I wasn't in on the party. Spoiled, that's what I was, after Margie and Wanda and Cindy. I smiled wryly at myself and headed for my darkened house and sleeping wife.