 I am a 27 year old woman who this past June became a lesbian bride. My name is Cheryl and Melissa has been my partner for the last two and a half years. Mel is a stunning brunette eight years my senior and while we would both be considered femmes, there has never been any doubt who is the dominant partner in our relationship.

Last month, Melissa and I scheduled a get away to Vegas with my sister and her girlfriend. After arriving at our hotel, Mel informed me she had invited some of our closest friends to our surprise wedding. While it was a civil ceremony and not recognized where we live, it was perhaps the happiest moment of my life.

While the wedding was her idea, I had for months been hinting that I'd like to take our relationship to another level. My sister encouraged me to get a pride tattoo a few years ago when I came out. She had done the same. Earlier this year, I surprised Melissa with another tattoo, interlocking female symbols on my right shoulder with both of our initials. The colorful tat has served as a constant reminder to us both how much I love her.

Up until our wedding, we often introduced each other using the term girlfriends finding partner to be so stuffy. However, after our ceremony, Melissa now refers to me as her wife. It's a description which probably fits as I do most of the household chores and activities and Melissa is the primary income generator.

As an attorney at a very prestigious firm, Melissa and I live very comfortably on the income she makes and she prefers, at least for the time being, that I do not work. While she enjoys her job, it is a very stressful position with long hours so I always make sure when she arrives home to have our dinner ready and help her relax – in whatever manner she chooses for the evening.

This morning when Melissa left for work, she instructed me to write how I became a lesbian. After all, it's not every day that a woman is introduced into a lesbian lifestyle by her own sister!

My sister Meagan and I are both blondes and 5'4" and 5' 6" respectively. But Meagan is actually my step-sister. My real mother died when I was nine of cancer and dad and I lived together several years on our own. I was an only child and dad really doted on me. He's always called me his little "sunshine."

When I was sixteen, dad met a divorced lady with children of her own. Barbara had two kids: Meagan who was 14 and Brian who was 10. After dating for nearly a year, Barbara and dad married and we all moved in together. While I was fond of Barbara and became close to both Meagan and Brian, no one could ever come between dad and myself.

Meagan and I got along well enough but she was certainly the more adventurous of us girls She was constantly getting in trouble for over staying her curfew, drinking with other teens in the neighborhood, and wearing outfits which drew sharp criticism and rebuke from mom and dad.

It was no surprise then that I got a call one summer when Meagan was a junior in college. I had just graduated and moved into an apartment a few hours away. Dad called and said there were some minor problems at home and mom and Meagan were really going at it. She asked if I would consider allowing Meagan to spend the summer with me.

At first I was at a real loss at the source of the tension until dad handed the phone off to Barbara and she explained that they had both recently found out that Meagan was in a relationship and they simply didn't approve. When I cut in that she was a big girl now and could make her own decisions, Barbara cut through the chase and informed me Meagan was seeing another girl.

I must confess at the time I was shocked. When I lived at home, there was nothing to infer that Meagan was anything other than boy crazy. On the contrary, I can't even recall how many times she was grounded for staying out late with a guy and usually one who was much older than either one of us.

I wasn't sure I wanted to get involved with a domestic dispute between my parents and Meagan but I was happy to have my sister for the summer and thought the time together would give everyone a chance to cool off. Meagan agreed to spend a few months with me and drove over that weekend.

Meagan is a very pretty blonde with brown eyes and a gorgeous figure. Growing up, I was often envious how she captivated people's attention. While she is a couple of inches shorter than I am, she always wore clothing that accentuated her emerging figure, especially her chest. Many of my friends have commented she looks a great deal like Jessica Alba from that movie Sin City. She has a tiny waist and measures 35-24-34.

She spends a great deal of time outdoors either on the tennis court or by the pool leaving her with a dark skin tone. Meagan has always tanned much better than I do. Another thing that always left me envious.

Initially things went very well. I often picked us up something to eat on my way home from work and we spent much of the evening talking and watching shows on television. One night, we started drinking wine and eventually she started telling me how she was seduced by an older girl at a sleep over.

Meagan and the girl ended up sharing a sleeping bag and experimented with each other the rest of the evening. From there, Meagan expanded from kissing games with other teens to actually allowing herself to be picked up by an older girl at a college mixer.

As she described her encounter with the older coed, I felt myself getting wet with excitement. Over the next couple of days, my thoughts and fantasies were filled with images of Meagan being taken by this girl.

It was after this incident that things really began to change at our apartment. While Meagan was never modest to begin with, she began passing me in the hall with little or nothing on as she made her way to and from the shower. It wasn't the first time either of us had been nude in front of each other as we often shared rooms on family trips, only this time there was a sense of electricity in the air.

It was if she were openly flirting with me, encouraging me to look as she exhibited her body which had continued to blossom in our time apart.

Some times when I would come home from work, she might be lounging around in just panties or a thong watching television. When I commented she needed to put clothes on, she feigned it was too hot or she just wanted to be comfortable.

One evening, we were watching a DVD she had rented at Blockbuster. We had both been drinking beer when she caught me glancing over at her. As usual, she was sitting on the couch, her feet propped up on the table, topless wearing only a skimpy pair of black panties.

I was admiring her breasts, firm, full, and her nipples standing erect. I secretly wished mine were as round and firm as hers.

"See something you like?" she said breaking my concentration. I was immediately embarrassed that she had caught me transfixed and immediately tried to laugh it off.

"What?" I acted nonchalantly.

"I asked if you saw something you liked. It appears you were staring at my tits?" Megan shot back with a smile.

"No, I was just thinking. Sort of lost in thought. I wasn't staring...or didn't mean to be. Anyway, I'm not into..." I paused for a second, grappling with my thoughts, "Your tits," I said with emphasis. "That's your thing not mine," I laughed off.

I could tell my face was a little flush having been caught. I had been staring. We both knew it.

"It's okay. I've see the way you look at me," she said back, her eyes penetrating mine. "Why don't you come over here and feel them...touch them?," she trailed off.

"Meagan," I raised my voice slightly. "You're my sister!"

"Half sister," Meagan corrected. "My mom married your dad. If they hadn't met, we'd just be two girls," she said with a sly smile.

"That's gross. I can't believe you're even suggesting it," I said disgusted. My own sister, suggesting we fool around. I got up and went to my bedroom. Her words turning in my head.

It was one thing to let her live with me for the summer. I wasn't interested in girls...especially my sister. Yea, she was hot. But no way. I was strictly into guys.

I had been dating a man named Paul for several months. We hadn't actually had sex although I had allowed him to get frisky at his apartment one evening.

I was still trying to get over a major break up with my last boyfriend. Steve and I dated through most of college and I thought we might actually get married. Then one night I found out that Steve had been seeing one of my other girfriends from college. 

I was devastated. Betrayed not only by the man that I loved but a friend that I trusted. It took months to get over and even now I was scared to let another man too close.

As I wrestled with what had just transpired with Meagan, I reached for my cell phone and on the other end, Paul's familiar voice. We made plans for a date the next evening. Dinner and then perhaps back to his place. I needed my space. I needed to get away from my sister.

The evening with Paul couldn't have been better. A nice dinner at an Italian restaurant, back to his place, a little music as we sat on his couch and talked. I didn't discuss the prior evening with Meagan, Just relaxed in his arms, as he stroked my hair, placing his lips to mine.

It was about ten thirty when I returned home. Meagan was in the den watching TV. She was wearing a red satin robe, falling just below her hips. Her eyes locked on me as I walked past to my bedroom.

I slipped off my shoes and was removing my jewelry when I heard her voice from the doorway.

"How was your date?"

"Nice, we had a great time," I said softly trying to erase our last encounter from my mind.

"There's something I think we need to talk about," came Meagan's short reply.

"I know. I'm sorry I reacted like that," I began. "You just really caught me off guard. I know you're in a different place, away from your friends..and you miss your..." I paused for a second. "Your girlfriend. Why don't you call her. Invite her up. I won't say anything to mom and dad," I said turning and facing her.

Meagan was standing in the doorway. Her long blonde hair falling gently on her shoulders as she smiled back at me. "Thanks. That's nice of you. I will. But that's not exactly what I wanted to talk about."

I was puzzled as I stared back at her. She held out a piece of paper.

As I took it, I knew immediately what it was.

"Where did you get this?" I blasted.

"I found it this afternoon," she replied back.

"You were rifling through my things," I shot back rather indignantly.

It was a release form from Jail. I had been charge with possession of less than a half ounce of marijuana almost a year before. It was considered a misdemeanor but I did have to stay the night in jail and attend substance abuse classes.

"It wasn't mine. It belonged to a guy I was seeing but it was in my possession. What's it to you anyway?" I replied angrily that my sister was now going through my things.

"It doesn't say anything about anybody else. Just you," Meagan shot back.

I turned away facing the wall. My body was shaking I was so mad. "So, I still don't know how it's any of your business."

"Well, I wonder what daddy would think if he knew his little angel... his little sunshine was not such an angel." Meagan answered back, the words stinging as they rolled off her tongue.

"Why are you doing this? What is it you want?" I asked back.

"Look," Meagan began, "I know we're step sisters, family, but I've always been attracted to you. Hell, growing up I fantasized about you. And I know how you feel about it and all, but I. Fuck it. I want to have sex with you."

I stood staring at her in disbelief. My own sister, a member of my family wanted to have sex with me. This was crazy. If it weren't bad enough she was my sister... it was with another girl. I was no lesbian. I might have had my problems with guys lately but I wasn't prepared to give up on men. Just the last one I dated.

"Well, that's not going to happen!" I said back with emphasis. "You wanna' run off to daddy and tell him something, you go ahead. I'll tell him the truth. I'll tell him it's a misunderstanding and just who the hell do you think he's going to believe? You?"

"I think he might believe what you're holding in your hand," she shot back as I looked down to see the paper I was still holding. "And I did make a copy of it by the way with my phone and emailed it home to my computer. Suit yourself. I wanted this to be something nice. I wanted to share something special with you."

"And this is your idea of special?" my voice dripping with sarcasm.

Meagan stared back. She had a look on her face. I couldn't tell if it was disappointment or defiance. Regardless, she turned and walked out of my room.

I looked at the crinkled sheet of paper as I balled it up and tossed it to the floor. My hands were shaking as I felt tears welling up in my eyes. I had lied. There was no guy. The pot had been mine. Something I'd been doing since college.

I knew daddy would believe me. At least I was pretty sure. But I couldn't dispute I'd been charged, arrested. I couldn't believe Meagan was blackmailing me. My own stepsister!

Would she actually go through with it? Was she that vindictive? As I stood trying to gather my thoughts, I couldn't help think of how much shit she'd been going through with mom and dad. How much grief they had given her. Likely comparing the two of us and how much trouble she was always in compared to me.

I had to admit, the story she told me about the coed that seduced her in college got me all wet. I was literally dripping hearing about her same sex encounter with another girl. And seeing her lying around the house, nude. I often railed she needed to get clothes on but I had to admit...it did turn me on.

I think there was a part of me that didn't press it because I did want to see her. I knew everyday when I got home from work, Meagan would be putting on a show. I didn't want to admit it, even to myself, but I did enjoy seeing her. Gazing at the beautiful woman she was becoming. 

Something I didn't want to acknowledge. But there, it was the truth. I couldn't believe I was even entertaining the thought of giving in to her. Actually allowing my sister to have her way with me. But every second I stood there, I felt myself getting more and more turned on at the thought.

I hadn't actually made love to anyone in months. Paul and I made out on his couch and sure there was some groping here and there. But the last time I actually made love to Steve was just before Christmas, more than seven months ago. It had taken time and a great many tears to get over him and to allow myself to even go out with another guy.

Finally, I put one foot in front of the other and walked down the hall to the den. Meagan was sitting on the couch watching something a DVD. She was wearing an extra large T-shirt which is what she usually wore to bed if anything at all. She looked up at me, her brown eyes looking straight back into mine.

"Listen, I got ugly in there. I didn't mean to be," I started waiting for her to say something, some sign that she didn't mean it. It was a mistake. Something we both should just forget about. But the silence indicated nothing was forth coming. "There's nothing I can say to make you change your mind?" I asked. 

Meagan just sat there and slowly moved her head back and forth.

"Meagan, I don't have a problem with your choice. You can do anything you want. But sex, sex with a girl..sex with you. It's just not my thing. I mean, I'm not into girls like you are," I explained.

"How do you know?" she replied back. "How do you know till you tried it?"

"I don't have to try it. It's just not for me," I reasoned.

"Are you telling me you don't find me attractive?" she countered.

"Sure you are. And if I were into women, I'd probably think you were really, really sexy. It's back to what I said though, it's not my thing," I answered.

"Okay," she said adjusting herself on the couch, pulling her leg up under her as she sat facing me. "I'm not going to turn you into some crazed lesbian or anything. But I bet I can make you feel better than you have in a long time. Better than this guy Paul you've been seeing."

"Well that wouldn't be hard. I mean we're not really intimate or anything," I kind of shrugged back.

"So what have you been doing since you and Steve broke up?" She asked.

"Nothing. Nothing really," I responded.

"I see," was Meagan's short response back. "Unbutton your blouse," she directed. I stood looking back at her, my arms frozen at my sides. "Look Cheryl, I've seen you in the nude before. It's no big deal. Just do what I say. Unbutton your blouse."

"Please, please don't ask me to do this thing," I said back feeling tears welling up in my eyes.

She seemed unfazed by my pleas, my tears. "I won't ask you again. This is your last chance. Do what I said, unbutton your top...now" she said with emphasis. 

I paused only briefly this time as I felt transfixed before her. Slowly raising my arms and then one by one, undoing the buttons on my top.

"Now," she said as I completed the last one, "ease it off your shoulders." I did as she said, dropping the top on the floor at my feet. "Unsnap your bra. Let me see those breasts. Your pretty breasts. Let me look at them."

I felt my face blush as I reached behind and undid the snap, catching the bra with my hands. I knew I was crossing over a line of no return. With each act I was moving closer and closer to what she wanted as I pulled the bra free and then off, exposing my chest to Meagan.

"Your tits are so pretty Cheryl. I've always thought so. And your nipples. Look how nice and hard they are. This is exciting you isn't it?" she purred.

I ignored her comment but looked down to see for myself. Yes, both nipples were already drawn up. I was excited. Terribly excited and my body was betraying me as I undressed in front of my baby sister.

"Now your slacks. Take them off. Slowly," she ordered as I unsnapped the front, unzipping and pulling it down, easing the pants off my hips, as I stepped out and then free, dropping them by my side as well.

Now I stood before her in just my yellow bikini cut panties.

"That's so nice. You look so pretty. Step closer. Step closer to me Cheryl," she encouraged as I walked over. Meagan's eyes danced from my face to my breasts and then my panties as she took me in.

"Now I want you to slide your hand into your panties. Do that for me. Slide it in," Meagan said softly as I watched her own hand dip below her t-shirt.

I did as she asked as my fingers rubbed the top of my pussy. "Yea, baby. Now take your finger out and wet it with your mouth and then stick it back. I want you to rub your little clit for me. Stick your finger in that hot little twat and rub you clit for Meagan."  

I closed my eyes, lost in the feeling as I sucked on my own finger, coating it with saliva before easing it back in my panties. My legs spread involuntarily as I rubbed my slit, my fingers sliding in easily as my juices began to flow.

"That's it sweets. Rub that cunt. Play with your clit," she instructed.

I did. Two, then three fingers as I plunged deeper. My forefinger rubbing madly over my clit, my knees getting weaker and weaker.

"Look at me. Look at me Cheryl," Meagan demanded.

I looked up and my sister was staring back at me. "Does it turn you on to play with yourself in front of me? Does it feel good baby. Does it make you excited cumming for your baby sister?"

I groaned back a soft but audible no. I didn't want to admit it.

"Come over here," Meagan barked as I walked over, my hand still buried in my panties.

Meagan pulled my panties aside and thrust her fingers up my moist box. "Damn. Feel how wet you are. You're so turned on right now, admit it."
