 This chapter is dedicated to mummy's dirty angel...

* * * * * *

A month later and...

Today's the day that Matsui's moving into my home... she's hardly been back to Hong Kong since the day that we met. But I haven't seen her for ten long days while she packed her home in Asia and have missed her more than I ever hoped to miss anyone, this is love and I love having it in my life again after such a long gap without it. Colours seem brighter, scenery more wondrous and food tasted better. But it hasn't all been plain sailing. My girls and I live in a small community whose more staid members are not at all happy about the 'perverts' who seem to have infiltrated their social strata. For a while it looked as if I might even have problems at work, but I confronted everybody who seemed to have an issue with my circumstances and forced them to examine their own prejudices; it's harder to be a bigot after any problems were pointed out to be theirs not mine.

I had worried how my youngest daughter Genie was going to take the news that her mother had fallen in love with a beautiful Chine lady. I needn't have, as Kira told her before I'd got back from my dirty first weekend away at Matsui's suite. Kira and Genie met me at the front door when I arrived home from work on Monday evening; Kira had her arm around Stephanie, Genie was holding hands with Annalee her study partner - who seemed to spend half her life at her house. I didn't need a script to work it out... Mum was the last to discover her true sexual orientation; my girls had been hiding theirs from me for fear of offending or hurting me: Kira for five years, Genie for three.

We talked, the six of us, and decided that we had entered a new episode in our lives. The most important thing to all of us was that we agreed that we had to tell each other of any fears or worries just as soon as they came up. Matsui, quiet at first as she gave my family and I the chance to clear the air if it needed it, took the conversation into discussing specifics rather than generalities. We decided that what we did in our private lives was not open to the scrutiny and criticism of those outside of the group and that we owed it to ourselves to find and follow whatever it was that made us happy.

 *** *** ***