 The valet remembered us - how could he possibly forget - and the car was waiting outside with its doors opened as we exited the restaurant. Matsui tips the valet a twenty and she heads for the passenger door as I slide into the driver's seat. The valet runs round so that he can close her door behind her, as well. I had already fastened the racing seatbelt in an x in front of my sternum and was checking the mirrors when she spoke.

"According to the sat-nav, we're thirty minutes from my hotel and I'm not ashamed to tell you that I don't believe that I can keep my hands off you for that long. I need to taste you more than anything I can remember before in my entire life. I think that perhaps I might be temporarily satisfied if I lick my toe - no, cancel that last one, I lied - I don't think that I can control myself. We need to get away, anywhere. What about a lay by? Is there a field, a motel, a wood?"

I push in the key and press the starter button; immediately the crisp bark of the engine is transferred through the chassis and the seat directly to the centre of the fire within me which it had ignited a few hours earlier. As we pull away from the restaurant I head towards my home; I know that my two daughters are away for the night but I don't think that fact even entered into my consideration. 

If I could have thought of somewhere closer, I would have chosen there instead. My very existence feels almost in a state of nervous panic as I accelerate away at speeds which before today I would have called foolhardy or even lunatic. But these are desperate times; for a fraction of a second I glance towards Matsui, then quickly do a double take… her eyes are fixed on me, her mouth is slightly agape and her tongue hangs as if spastic from the side of her lips. I note the rapid rise and fall of her breasts and, even over the thrilling throb of the engine, seem to somehow be able to hear the staccato rate of her breathing. Her lust is so apparent and commanding of the atmosphere within the slightly cramped interior that I am momentarily overtaken by the up welling of another orgasm within my crotch. Subconsciously I realize that I am trying to rub my thighs together to help myself in my body's desire to come.

This isn't the normal me. I would describe myself as a fun person, but I'm always sensible and responsible. Tonight I have to fight to regain some semblance of control over these crazy animalistic urges, just so that I can be sure that I might live long enough to act on them as soon as we reach my home. Even concentrating hard enough to make me perspire doesn't stop my mind from flashing subliminal shots of my passengers' naked form. Somewhere else further back in my mind there are voices trying to make themselves heard over the clamour of my body for sexual release; they are almost loud and clear enough to enter the state of mind that I am in, but I don't want to hear that this isn't me: that I'm a responsible mother and upstanding member of the local community, that I'm straight, that I like dicks.

In a cloud of sprayed gravel we are both pushed forward in our seats by the desperation of my braking when we arrive at my house. I press the engine stop button and spring the seatbelt by slapping at the quick release on the x fastener, Matsui immediately does likewise and I have to evade her hands as I push open the door and scrabble out of the car. On both sides of the beautiful vehicle, the doors are left ajar as we rush up the steps to the door. As I grab blindly in my purse for the door key, she catches up to me.

Her arms snake around me and she grabs a handful of each of my tits; for half a heartbeat I feel her hot breath on my neck before she bites the sinewy rope of tissue behind and below my left ear. I can feel my body's desire to swoon limply in surrender before her assault, but I fight the urge. I struggle with the lock for a second or two before we stumble inside. She kicks out behind her and in the background to the tumult that is going on in my head I can hear the door slam shut. There's time for me to realize that my nipples have hardened to solid points under her assault and for my eyes to close to slits as I revel in the pleasure that her teeth are giving my neck, and through that point of contact seemingly every erogenous area of my body. There is a lightning storm of epic proportions going on right now inside me and all over my body and I can't stop the low moan that erupts from my core.

"No… no, in the bedroom. I need to be naked with you…now!" 

I hardly recognize the words which tumble from my mouth, the last now so low as to be the rumble at the start of a subterranean earth movement. But they reach through her lust and she releases me. I grab her hand and dash for the stairs. 

A step inside my bedroom and she is tugging at my top. I turn to face her, slipping into her grasp. In an instant we collide, our lips mashing together. She is already back to pulling upwards on my top as my hands brush down the soft material of her satin vest and onto the slight curve of her behind. I pull her to me until our bodies touch in an unbroken line from breast to thigh. 

Before I am overcome and just as our tongues meet to engage in a short duel of electric shocks in the front of my mouth, I step back and away. For a second she looks confused, until she realizes that I have instigated the break to facilitate the quicker removal of my clothing. I grab at the top, almost ripping it as I pull it roughly over my head. My skirt is only held up by a single button and its zipper. My fingers feel as sensitive as lead sausages and as equal to the task as such, so the button flies to parts of the room unknown as I tear at it. A pause for breath as I step away from the fallen garments whilst reaching to the front fastener on my bra; a shrug of my shoulders and it falls behind me and I look up - she has been far quicker than I and is already naked, her clothes discarded as unimportant in a pile at her feet. 

I stop with my hands still at the waist of my pantyhose, unable to continue because my eyes are feasting on the sculptured perfection before me. The need in her eyes is a palpable force, stunning - almost sobering - in its intensity. But now there is neither place nor time for trepidation or the slightest glimmer of fear.

She steps towards me and reaches for me, not to grab me but to unexpectedly push me backwards. I half-stagger away, until the bed hits the back of my knees and I fall onto the deep mattress, a place only shared before occasionally with my girls when they were young; then she is on me, her eyes ablaze.

She pulls down my hose and in a second they are gone, floating out on the ether behind her as she casts them away, before my legs come back down she has torn off my knickers and with one hand stuffs them into her mouth, her tongue out to taste the wetness that I have left on the gusset, before spitting them out and to one side. In an instant she has moved until she is astride of my thighs; she leans eagerly down and bites again at my throat, this time to the right side of my windpipe, while her hands once more gain possession of my tits. 

I can feel the hardness of her nipples as they push at my stomach. She spreads her knees and pushes her crotch down so that it has contact with my flesh; her fingers and thumbs move up the slopes of my breasts and grasp my nipples. ‘Is that too hard? Is that pain? Is this taking things beyond the pleasure zone?' As I wonder, suddenly my brain works out that the wetness I can feel on the front of my thighs is leaking from her smooth cunt; the realization rips from brain to body in a rush of tsunami proportions and flashing lights as an orgasm so epic that for a second before I melt into its awesome presence, I suffer a fleeting microsecond of fear that it might be too much, that I might die from so much joy. 

"I don't care! Oh, god! Oh my god! Yes…" 

My cry starts as a shout then a scream and into a soft hiss. I barely have time to take a breath before my body's is sucked into a further vortex of physical joy, there is the thunderous roar of two oceans meeting inside my head, huge and powerful, physical enough to carry the zillion active nerve endings jangling away incessantly in me on.

My nipples are being twisted and pulled at the same time; the sensation is nearly, but not quite, painful - they have become focal points for stimulation beyond my earthly knowledge. I do not deliberately flex my torso or arch my back up in the direction of the pull; I don't consciously realize that I immediately start to pull back against her nails. She stops chewing on my neck and peers into my eyes. I feel her cunt, smearing wetness as it travels, moving up my thighs until it brushes the hair of my pussy… I push my hips up to meet it and open my mouth to scream as a total mind-fuck takes over.

I can't think, or see and suddenly I realize that my scream is silent. She is kissing my mouth and then biting my bottom lip and there is more, as I twist and buck upwards, my clitoris strains and pushes itself through the down of my pubic hair until for a fleeting moment it touches the trim lips of her cunt.

I think that I passed out for a second or two. In a daze, I nearly panic as I come around, feeling slightly claustrophobic at the closeness of my lover and confused at what is happening to me. In one movement I have rolled her off me and onto her back alongside me. I grab her hands in mine and push my face close to hers.

"No! Don't touch me! My body will implode, my mind will turn to mush and I will die if you do… and before I die I want to have spent some of my time learning to please..." 

I look into the depths of those gorgeous brown eyes and I'm in love and in lust, I feel as if my voice will crack and that I might weep tears of joy as I continue... the physical release an exegesis after years of being without.

"To please this vision of perfection... this bringer of such pleasure beyond anything she has ever experienced before."

Our hands grapple a little as I push hers above her head. She stops struggling and relaxes when I start covering her beautiful face with kisses. Her skin caresses my taste buds with apples and honey, I remember that I have hands as well and independent of thought they sweep over her form, outlining her shape, caressing and trying desperately to commit to memory all that they feel. This is not a love like any other experience of mine... a glorious confusion. 

Her brow is without a hint of harshness in its texture as my kisses continue; indeed it is soft and downy as the fluff that covers some babies. Close up, the Asiatic hue to her skin covered in perspiration has taken on the look of flawless, polished marble. 

My lips kiss and nuzzle their way to her ear, to skin softer even than her face. My tongue runs in a search pattern around the delicate whorls before darting inside to taste the warm darkness there. It isn't tart or dirty tasting but as delicately flavoured as everywhere else that my lips have been on her.

I am so turned on by the empowerment of taking control that I start to worry that I may well orgasm again, and not be able to stop until she removes herself from my presence and my memory - and that is an intolerable thought. 

Her breasts are so small that they don't even fill my hands; her nipples so hard that it seems as if her entire tit has stiffened in response to the attention they are getting from me. She pushes back against my hands and I grow more adventurous, digging my fingers into the fleshy mounds before grasping and pulling back on them. A moan escapes through her clenched teeth and her eyes momentarily flutter open as I become more aggressive. I nibble on the lobe of her ear before biting more forcefully on her neck. She twists her lower body seeking contact between us further down - who am I to refuse such a beautiful lady?

I let go of her boobs and pull her onto her side before pushing my legs down the bed so that we are lying beside each other. I stop biting and sucking on her neck and my lips seek hers out; they meet before mine open and I push my tongue through her lips until I can taste the inside of her mouth and feel the smooth enamel of her teeth. Our tongues twist and probe at each other, exchanging beaded lengths of saliva; the taste sends tremors through my body to my crotch. 

She spreads her legs in order that she can wrap them around my thigh, pressing her cunt against me there, humping at it whilst making mewling sounds through our desperate kisses. One of my arms worms its way under her and my hand grasps the back of her head and neck pushing our mouths closer until our teeth grind against each other. The other hand travels down the gentle lines of her back to the rise of her buttocks. With her legs wrapped around mine as they are, I cup her shape at the crack between those luscious cheeks before feeling down the same crack towards the heat of her sex steadily rising and falling as she dry fucks me.

As I feel the gorgeous roundness of her ass, she pushes it back against my hand; I grab a handful of its lusciousness, revelling in its texture and firm muscles. Our lips part for long enough for her to speak.

"When I've been naughty would you spank my bad little girl's behind for me?"

Even in my orgasmic, befuddled state that's enough of an instruction for me. I slap the cheek that I had been fondling, then again ... and again. Her tongue assaults mine with renewed vigour. The hand that I have been holding her head with ruffles her spiky hair before gripping it until I feel her stiffen, then I push and scratch at her skull. Her cunt slams as fast as raindrops in a thunderstorm against my thigh, rising to the slap of my hand before slamming rapidly against my leg. Her tongue starts to thrash uncontrollably around inside her mouth and she makes a groaning noise. 

She is going to come on my leg - I am making her come, and I marvel at my newfound power. Her hands drop down from above her head and I feel her nails at once raking my naked breast and digging through my hair at my scalp. The new sharpness of her nails sends me once more over the edge. My shaking and writhing in turn vibrate signals through my leg between the lips of her dripping pussy to stimulate her further, her eyes flicker open and closed unseeing as she charges from one orgasm into another even more intense. 

We are generating so much heat, that still quivering and juddering from such sexual excess, we pull our upper bodies and faces away from each other. Her orgasm sends me flying blindly into another of my own, and her body responds likewise. There is no conscious thought, just unending waves of constantly increasing pleasure. No human being in possession of a nervous system could have kept it up and we were no exception... our drooling mouths, fluttering eyes and twitching limbs the precursor to a deep sleep, still entwined together.

------------------------

To be continued...

The author wishes to sincerely thank Hottie for her: help, advice, criticism, flattery and of course her editing 