 Panic!

Somewhere inside there's panic; it's trying to get out but there's a tongue still lathering my arse that's got my attention right now and the orgasm that it's giving me is overwhelming any kind of argument that my normal self might be trying to put forward. Nobody has ever even played with my arse before, and for the dozenth time in the last two days I've discovered another layer of pleasure that I had previously denied myself. God it's so good - dirty, naughty, horny, good; wicked-to-the-bone good.

Her fingers and short nails dig into the curves of my butt cheeks and Matsui takes a break from her rimming to bite each side - a nibble, another harder bite, and another; her nails scrape down the back of my thighs sending shivers up and down the length of my body. My legs feel momentarily weak and I worry that they might stop holding me up, but her hands return to a more supporting role as she rises, biting at my spine as she does, making her way to each side of my neck.

"Did you like that? Do you like my tongue in your arse?"

Her questions are interrupted by the ring from my cell phone which is on the table a few metres behind me. As my wonderful Asiatic lover hears it, she stops her biting and fondling, pulling my skirt back down to cover the scene of her recent conquest.

"You'd better get that ... it might be one of your daughters."

Now the panic starts to make its dreaded way through to the forefront of my mind. There's no time to explain what I'd just witnessed and anyway, I had shelved that in itself for later evaluation... down-prioritised by a brain that had only recently become a full member of the hedonists' clique. As I staggered back to where my purse lay on the patio table, I was trying desperately to pull myself together enough to compose answers for whom I just knew had to be calling.

"Hello?"

"Mum? It's Kira. Where are you mum? Were you spying on me? What's going on? What did you see?"

My mind is reeling and I feel too confused to answer the rapid fire questions. She starts again.

"Mum - are you there mum? What are you doing on the roof? Is that the penthouse suite? I need to talk to you, Mum."

There's a slight pause, still not enough time for me to formulate a reply.

"We're coming over, Mum... I want an explanation!" The phone link is cut and I try desperately to work out some order to my thoughts.

"Matsui, help... it's my eldest..." I flutter my hand vaguely in the direction of the railing.

"We've been watching my eldest daughter, and she saw me. She's on her way over. Oh my god! What am I going to say?"

"Did it turn you on? Because if the answer is yes, then maybe you should explain that to her. Is it still turning you on? Even after you realised that it was her and her girlfriend?"

I can't get my head round her questions either; she wasn't saying anything that I might have expected her to say. But they sank in. My pussy was swimming with cum and it hadn't even been touched. I thought quickly. Yes! I was still turned on with the unexpected pleasure of my voyeuristic act. My god, what was I becoming? Getting turned on watching my daughter make out - someone to whom I had given birth and suckled at my breast. I had to clench my thighs together as the realisation of a different me produces yet further stimulation to once more threaten my balance. I lean heavily on the table; as I do, Matsui is behind me and her arms enclose me. Her voice is reassuring as she first kisses and then speaks into my ear.

"We can play this anyway that you want. Do you think that she could see what I was doing to you? If we're going to hide the truth from her, then we'd better get our stories straight." 

"I've never lied to her... I'm so scared about starting now. She asked me if I was spying on her. We've got no time to make up a story; she's only going to take a minute to get dressed before she'll be here. Christ, I need more time! This is a serious head-fuck."

She takes my hand and turns me to face her.

"I love you and want to learn to love your family as well. I am here to support you in any way that I can. Let's go inside and try to calm ourselves just a little before she gets here."

Back inside she makes her way to the bar. "A little something to calm your nerves? A scotch?"

"Vodka please... is there any juice?"

"Of course, there's some of everything laid on here."

She delivers a tall glass, even puts ice in it. She taps hers to mine and raises it to her lips.

"Salut!"

I gulp a mouthful before she removes the glass from my hand and places it, with hers, back on the bar. Then her arms are around me again and I can feel the warmth from her body against mine. Her hands rub up and down my back gently and slowly I melt to her lips. Perhaps, for the first time since we'd met, our lips meet without their foremost motivation being lust or urgent hunger. This time the kiss is gentle; I realise that I don't think that I have ever felt so loved. Every second of it helps rebuild my shattered confidence. I realise how much I had changed - and was still changing - the moment I felt myself becoming more turned on than worried.

Before I have a chance to re-examine what is going on in my head, the telephone by the door rings. Matsui lets go of me and walks briskly to answer it.

"Yes? Yes of course, send her up. Pardon me? Yes, send both of them up."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I recognise the girl who's with Kira; it's Stephanie, her best friend since junior high. They both look mad as all hell. Before they can speak, Matsui does.

"My name is Matsui; your mother is my guest here."

Stephanie just glares at me, confusion and fear partners in her look. Kira's words come out in a rush.

"What are you doing here? I thought you were at home with your new boyfriend!"

"People don't usually mistake me for a boy," Matsui replied calmly.

"Do you mind, I was trying to speak with my mother..." Kira started. "What do you mean? Are you - did you - is it your car?"

"I'm absolutely sure," Matsui said wryly, "from what your mother and I both observed that you don't need it spelled out to you."

"Why were you spying on us?"

"No, you've got it wrong, we weren't here to spy on you; I started just looking in windows and dragged your mother over to see what I'd found. I didn't know that I was watching her daughter. It was the horniest thing I'd ever managed to clap eyes on and wanted to share it with the woman I've fallen in love with. She didn't realise that it was you and your... friend, until I was already following your example."

Confusion is etched deep on the face of my wonderful daughter as she tries to collate what she is hearing with things that she feels she has been sure of all of her life. I walk towards the three of them; I feel that maybe now is the time for a hug. Before I get there Kira rushes towards Matsui and into her arms. Almost before I realise what is happening Stephanie is in mine. There are tears running down her face and there's a pleading and vulnerable anguished look across her features. The root of her anxieties is revealed by the rush of her words.

"Please don't tell my folks, they just wouldn't understand... they just wouldn't. My dad thinks that gays should be treated with drugs in institutions, and if they were to discover that their only child is a filthy dyke, I don't know what would happen."

I put my arms around her - I think it was to try and reassure her, but within seconds such thoughts are being overtaken by something more primal. I feel my nipples hardening and before I can withdraw so that she doesn't notice, hers react as well. Her face stops burying itself into my shoulder turns to look at mine, her eyes no longer weeping. No words.

In a second her lips are against mine and her tongue is trying to worm its way between them. I pull her closer and open my lips at the same instant. 

Then everything is in a whirl. Steph and I, still without a single word, drop slowly to our knees, our tongues brash and urgently seeking to stimulate each other. Her hands are trying desperately to work my skirt down past my hips.

STOP!

The voice screams inside my head and my lips withdraw from the kiss. This is my daughters' girlfriend; she bites at my neck, still pushing my skirt down towards my knees and the floor. I have played tennis with her mother for ten years. Over her shoulder, as one of her hands pushes my panties down and the other reaches under my top to my tits and their erect nipples, I can see Matsui and Kira.

Holy fuck! But that's horny. They stand in profile to Steph and I; Kira's arms are around my lover, pulling the two of them closer to each other until there is no gap visible between their two bodies. Matsui is holding both sides of Kira's face as the two of them hungrily kiss. They suddenly break apart and start to undress themselves. Clothing falls in a minor multi-coloured flurry; it is as if they are alone as they merge back into each other's arms. Matsui has one hand behind Kira's neck and as their kissing restarts the other has snaked its way down her back to the bubble of her backside; it flattens as it follows the curve before Matsui dips her middle finger into the cleft between Kira's cheeks. Kira's hands completely cover Matsui's small breasts, her fingers gripping then pushing, digging in and drawing back to pull at the tall hardened nipples.

Steph has found her targets and simultaneously her hands attack my left tit and the sopping morass that she has found in my panties. There is no subtlety to her advances; I feel my breast being squeezed hard enough to make me wince momentarily, she looks up at my face for an instant before continuing, one then two fingers push past my pussy lips and invade my insides. Hard, deep in, to the knuckles, then out, another one is added and three slam back into me. 

"Urgh!" I grunt. Back out and the three become four. Oh god! Out again to be joined by her thumb. In the next fraction of a second an alarm warning goes off in my head, it'll be too much, too large, I'll be split in two, I should stop her, but there isn't time before her entire hand slams back up into my cunt, it doesn't even slow down at her knuckles and I look between us as her entire hand disappears into me.

"Argh!" This time a low scream.

But it's not pain; an orgasm races at light speed to overwhelm me and I fall forward to her. She pushes me back but it's too hard and I go beyond upright and fall backwards, my knees slip out from underneath me as I land on my elbows. She grabs my boob and pushes hard and I'm flat on my back legs bent knees in the air. Her hand is still inside me and she forms a fist beyond the entrance to my vulva, the expansion inside me sends another shock orgasm through me. I gasp for my breath, only able to take in small amounts of air between the rushes of my orgasms. 

Now her fist doesn't leave the confines of my body and she pushes it towards the tight neck of my womb before withdrawing it until her wrist appears outside my body. Holy shit! That was in beyond half way to her elbow. In and out, clenching and unclenching her fist, spreading her fingers until they are pushing in different directions against the inner walls to my pussy. In and out, she increases the rate. She is still kneeling, now between my thighs, still as fully clothed as when she had arrived in Matsui's suite. She lets go of my breasts and pulls herself into a more upright position, one where she can more fully observe the treatment that her other hand was giving to my cunt. I reach down my body to where I can feel her arm at its juncture with my dripping insides. I start to rub at my clit, but she reaches my hand with hers and pushes it away. I stare at her, wondering why she did that.

Her other hand flattens before dropping rapidly towards my clit.

Slap! But her aim is off and her fingers only attain half contact with their target; it does the job though and immediately my body twists and lifts as another, more intense orgasm sends lights to flashing in front of my eyes. Slap, again and again as her fist simultaneously pushes in and out, all the way to my cervix.

"Fuck me! Oh, my god fuck me harder! Smack my clit, yeah, oh yeah."

My fingers grab at my own nipples, twisting and pulling until they send signals of red hot pleasure to add to the flashing lights that the overloading of my senses is causing. My entire body flushes: hot, cold hot. I can't seem to get enough air in with each breath and I can only hear a dull roaring, the sound of distant surf in my ears. Then fireworks, nothing distant about them, in fact I seem to be in the middle of the display. 

"That was awesome! My god, but you come real good; Miss Thornton, do you think you could do some of that for me?"

Her words, whispered in to my ear, bring me back to some more ordered sense of reality. I open my eyes and she is leaning over my prone form, my knees are no longer up; my legs akimbo, I am completely naked and she is undoing buttons on her blouse as she speaks.

"You've made me so hot Miss Thornton, this is so naughty. I want to cum so bad, will you make me come, Miss Thornton?"

Her words remind me of a million taboos that we seem to be ignoring and the reminder makes me turn my head to see what Kira and Matsui might be doing. Matsui is on splayed knees and elbows with her head dipped between my daughters open thighs. Kira is pulling my Matsui's crotch down onto her face, her fingernails digging into the flawless flesh of my beautiful lover of these last two days. As I watch, her head pushes up so that she can reach the deep brown puckered entrance to Matsui's arse with her tongue. She turns and for a second I am scared, but now she smiles with her eyes before shuddering, half closing her eyes and emitting a moan from around her busy tongue. My beautiful daughter was coming on my lover's tongue right there, next to me.

As I look back Stephanie has removed the last of her clothes, discarding a red thong onto the pile beside her feet. She glances for a moment at her girlfriend and my lover before turning back to me.

"I like to be bitten and slapped, please miss; I love it when Kira chews on my clit."

Then she moves until she is standing astride of my waist. As she drops to her knees she starts to shuffle forward until her pussy starts to dominate my view; her nether lips are dainty, just a puckered line through the light covering of strawberry blond hair that covers them. They glisten and as I watch a drip of her juices gathers on the slope of her labia to drop into the valley between my breasts.

Her lips are being lowered to mine; her hands reach down and hold the top of my head. Just as my tongue reaches out for first contact with this nineteen year old beauty's gorgeous cunt, another drop forms, this time on the other labia and it lands on the tip. Different from Matsui's (the only other pussy I had ever tasted), Steph has a taste not of apples and honey but of elderflower with a backing of a slightly tart redcurrant. Immediately I crave more of this ambrosia and reach around her to grip the small rounded cheeks of her bum to pull her closer.

My approach is too dainty for her liking and as I gently pull, she roughly thrusts. Her cunt is against my mouth, I slip my tongue out to lap at the dew that I see on the edges of her hidden cunt and she thrusts again. This time my teeth are pressed against her lips.

"Bite my pussy Miss, bite it to make me come real good!"

I open my mouth wider to comply with her request, mashing at the outsides of her cunny; as I do her clit engorges and grows until it becomes visible. My top teeth graze it as it appears and her body jerks upwards and then back down for more. I capture her clitoris by sucking at it with my lips, once inside the confines of my mouth I set my teeth to chatter on her hot spot.

Her body arches back and up, she's still holding my head with both hands so my mouth remains clamped onto her cunt.

"Yes Miss! Yes Miss, you're making me come, Miss Thornton!"

Rapid fire thrusts as if she's trying to cram more of herself between my teeth and she comes. Her juices flood out and I manage to catch them so that they form a pool in my mouth. I bite back down onto her clit, this time maybe a little harder than before; she shrieks as another orgasm rips through her, and I bite again after a few seconds and she pulls away. She falls forward of my head her pussy still pulsating visibly just on the periphery of my vision. She comes again, mechanically clutching at herself as she does. 

My god, doing that to her has made me feel so powerful! I turn over and get up onto my hands and knees. Her breathing heaves and sobs, her head is down resting on her arms, but her arse is in the air, held up, there for my perusal. My hands find and roughly pull apart those petite buns exposing a sight that almost made me come on the spot. Her arse puckered and then winked at me; I slather and drool like a running dog, biting at that most forbidden of places, as I do she comes again, and again, over and over as I chew at the same place I had seen my daughter performing a rim job, less than half an hour earlier.

My efforts have run her right out of steam and she continues to shake and make subdued squeaking noises against her forearms for minutes after I have stopped.

As I straighten up from my endeavours I can see beyond the wasted teenager to where my daughter and my lover are also now so sensitized that even touching each other anywhere seems to spark another round of orgasms. Matsui is stoking Kira's hair and Kira is gradually curling up, kitten-like against her.

My, oh my! It's still not even that late on Saturday night... and maybe we have the rest of our lives to see where we get to next.

--------------------------------------

May I express my warmest appreciation for the help from my editor Hotti