 Turned from a straight girl who's never even kissed another girl into a committed lesbian may not be that unique, but having the girl that turned you be your sister, well, that's got to be quite out of the ordinary. I knew my stepsister Meagan was a lesbian when mom convinced me to allow her to stay the summer with me during her college summer break. I had just gotten off a devastating break with my boyfriend Steve and felt her presence with me at my apartment would do us both good. Mom and dad hoped the time with me and separated from her girlfriend Whitney might actually redirect her life – it didn't!

Little did I know then the journey I would soon travel. I lived a few hours away from our folks and had just graduated myself. Meagan was wrapping up her junior year at college when mom and dad called and asked for the favor. We are two years apart and have always been close since my dad married Barbara. I was sixteen at the time.

What started as an act of blackmail when Meagan found I had been arrested for possession of marijuana turned into a complete acceptance at what I was becoming. I had tried to resist her advances even before she confronted me with her evidence that I too had not been quite the angel our parents thought. She walked around in my apartment constantly in a state of undress – almost always nude or at least topless.

Though I feigned she needed to put something on, I couldn't help but catching stolen glances at her gorgeous little breasts with her pink pointed nipples. I put up a little resistance, acting put off and disgusted she would even confront me with such a proposition, but deep down I think I really was curious. To be truthful – I know I was.

I had always been envious of how pretty she was and so full of energy. Even growing up she was always the one mom and dad had to punish with a curfew for staying out late or caught drinking underage. Meagan is so extroverted and the life of any party. She also had a take charge personality and when she started in on me, I knew I would give in. But then again, I wanted to! I wanted to see what it was like, being with another girl. It was just it never occurred to me it might be with my own sister.

But Meagan always had a way of rationalizing her behavior, quickly reminding me we were only related through our parent's marriage. In actuality, we were just two adult girls attracted to each other sexually.

On Saturday morning we had a brief sexual encounter in the shower before we headed out for a day out at the pool. After a few drinks and more than enough sun, Meagan suggested we head into town to shop. She was not at all impressed with what she considered my too plain wardrobe. But more importantly she wanted to stop by an adult novelty shop to buy what she said were some "toys."

We both took quick showers to wash off the oil and lotion from our day at the pool and she pulled out shorts and a top she wanted me to wear. The top was actually hers. A little yellow piece that tied above the midriff and a pair of black shorts. When I started to pull on some bikini panties, she voiced her objection and told me not to wear a bra or panties, just the shorts, the top and a pair of yellow flip flops. Little by little, she was giving me directions, not merely suggestions, and I felt myself submitting.

I had always thought of myself as independent and self-reliant, but for some reason I enjoyed having my little sister take charge. I found myself wanting to submit to her. Whether it was pleasing her with my tongue or something as simple as dressing the way she instructed. I seemed to be giving into her completely. 

After we dressed, she walked up to me and pulled my long blonde hair back in a pony tail and wrapped it with a yellow hair band. Stepping back, our eyes met and she stepped back in and placed her warm plump lips on mine. I kissed her back as her tongue slid between my lips. I was totally lost in her kiss as I felt her soft breasts rub against mine. Even though we had just dressed, I wanted to strip my clothes off and collapse to my knees and feast on that sweet pussy of hers that I had come to savor.

Meagan had "Googled" on our computer some women's apparel and novelty shop in the city and had no trouble finding the place. I had never been to a store like that and the truth is I owned one "toy" as she referred to it. A vibrator that some of my sorority sisters in college had given to me as a gag gift when my boyfriend Steve and I were on one of our many breaks. Gag gift or not, I certainly put it to use over the last few years and was quite curious what other kind of toys might be in this store.

When we entered the shop, I was blown away by all the apparel, lingerie, and adult novelties that were lined up on shelves and hung from the walls. The business was manned by two young girls about our age, both of whom were already helping two of the three women perusing the shelves, studying the products neatly arrayed before our eyes.

I simply could not believe the variety of dildos, vibrators, and items I had no idea what they did. Meagan had made a dart for the back of the room and seemed to be looking at belts. As she examined them more closely, I could see they were harnesses, I assumed for the dildo she planned to fuck me with later that afternoon!

"What do you think?" Meagan quizzed as she held the leather harness up to her small waist. All it was missing was the instrument which she would penetrate me with. That she would use to fuck me endlessly for the duration of the summer.

"So, like what do we use with it?," I inquired back meekly as I saw her eyes shift to the variety of dildos lining the shelves in all sizes and colors.

"Well, that's a personal decision for you. You want flesh colored? Or maybe a little dark meat? Or how 'bout this little purple one," she joked as she grabbed a package off the shelf with a purple dildo in a plastic wrapping.

"I don't know," I shrugged not as much indifferently, as I was sort of embarrassed about picking out something so intimate.

"I have an idea. You see one about Steve's size?" referring to my old boyfriend.

I scanned the shelf and spied one that I thought was just about the size and girth of his cock. There was a part of me that resented it. I hated him now. He had cheated on me with someone I thought was a friend and then repeatedly lied about it until the evidence came crashing down on him. So many chances! Time after time, I had forgiven small indiscretions, times when I thought he had strayed but just wasn't sure. No, the last thing I wanted was a cock that looked like his. Perhaps that's what was driving me from men to begin with.

Maybe that was the reason I had dropped any pretense at fighting off Meagan's advances and embraced my new found Sapphic attraction.

"That one," I pointed. But, frowning I replied back , "I'm not sure I want anything to do with something that reminds me of him though," I sighed, looking down at the floor.

"Fine," Meagan retorted as she snatched a much larger black cock off the shelf. "I believe this is night and day from what you might have been used to. Now perhaps we also need something a bit smaller."

"I don't understand," I replied. Why do we need two?"

"For the other hole darling. And I'm pretty sure we'd have a difficult time getting this monster up that tight little ass of yours," she shot back with a smile. 

I couldn't help but think about earlier in the morning in our shower when she had used her fingers on me back there. I had never had anyone finger my ass, to fuck me there, but I loved it and recalled how much I wished she had a cock then and there. I would have begged her to fuck my cherry ass right there in the shower.

Meagan also bent down and picked up two triangle looking objects that she explained were anal plugs that she would have me wear, perhaps even to work, to stretch my ass.

"You love anal baby and we need all the appropriate toys," she said smiling as she picked up three different kinds. One was a vibrating plug, then an additional one the same size and then another a little larger one. She was intent on training my ass to accommodate a larger cock. My pussy tingled at the thought as I looked over in a mirror to see my hardened nipples poking though the fabric of the sheer yellow top she had me wear.

As we walked back up front I couldn't help but notice handcuffs lined with some type of padding and other restraint devices hanging on the wall. Meagan turned back to see me staring and she couldn't help but remark, "You're such a bottom aren't you?"

I wasn't sure at all what she meant. "Here," she shot back as she set our items down and pulled some leather devices off the wall. "These are for your wrists and these your ankles, to tie you down with, and might as well get this too," she smiled as she removed a leather collar from a post. It had a ring on it with silver studs all around the collar. "Here, let's see how this looks," she said as she unbuckled it and placed it around my neck and buckling it in the back.

I stared in a mirror and almost didn't recognize the woman who was staring back. 

"Damn, that's hot Cheryl. I like that! So, you going to be my little lesbian slave tonight? Let me have my way with you? Use you any way I like?" she purred.

"Would you like that?" I smiled back feeling so slutty with the leather collar around my neck.

"Yea, a lot," she countered. "And I think you would too. I think sister's a bit of a submissive. You like being told what to do. I think you have a little bit of a dark side we need to explore," Meagan said with a sinister glint in her eye.

I couldn't believe it when the clerk rang up the items and replied back it was $435. I almost died until Meagan pulled out her credit card.

"You're not paying for this?" I questioned.

"No, daddy. It's his card. Really sweet huh," she smirked. "Him paying for all this stuff that I'm gonna use to abuse his little girl –'his little sunshine.' If only he knew the plans I have in store for you tonight!," Megan said as she handed the card to the clerk who checked one of the battery devices to make sure it worked and left the batteries in for our use. I suppose it was the least she could do for the sales we rang up.

There was one more stop to make and that was a women's clothing shop that Meagan had wanted to visit. The shop manager seemed to be minutes from closing and asked would we mind if she went ahead and closed up as we browsed. Meagan picked out several rather sexy and somewhat revealing outfits she wanted me to try on as well as had me pick thru some thong underwear to replace my bikinis which she didn't like.

I had never wore a thong but realized there was no use to argue as I picked out several colors in my size.

The woman, very attractive and perhaps in her late thirties, closed the blinds and flipped her sign around as she locked the door leaving us as her last customers of the day.

"We'd like to try these on," Meagan said to her indicating the clothes draped over our arms.

"I have a fitting room in the back," she motioned, as she guided us to a room in the back with several curtained stations. As she turned to walk out, Meagan blurted out, "No, stay if you would, we'd really like to know what you think."

The lady, who identified herself as Maggie, smiled and said she'd be delighted as Meagan began to undress. She slipped off her flip flops leaving her barefoot on the carpeted floor. Slipping off her top and revealing her bra, it occurred to me I was naked beneath my top and shorts. Meagan had requested that I not wear the bra and panties, and I hesitated now with this woman in the room.

Sensing this, the lady asked if there was a problem.

"No, Meagan," shot back. She probably doesn't want to embarrass you. We were swimming earlier and her suit was wet and she just slipped those on."

"I'll leave then and come back," Maggie stated as she turned to walk out.

"That's not necessary," Meagan answered. She's not shy and I'm sure you've seen it all. Besides, we'll just have to turn around and come get you."

It was obvious that Meagan wanted this woman to stay. Stay and watch me undress. Was it a test? Was this one of her exercises to find out how submissive I was? How far I'd go for her?

Maggie smiled, "Sure, I just want you to know I'm okay with giving you both your privacy," she said and then began to comment on the outfits that Meagan had selected.

As I pulled my shirt over my head and exposed my breasts, I could feel the cool air on my nipples and could tell how excited I was becoming. I eased my shorts down my legs and stepped out of them, feeling both Meagan's and Maggie's eyes on my now naked form.

Rather than be embarrassed, I felt naughty. I liked having this stranger looking at me. I could feel her stare as it took in my breasts, my shaved pussy, my ass that Meagan had been licking and fucking with her fingers earlier that day. As Maggie and my sister talked, I prolonged my nudity, taking my time, enjoying being Maggie's object of attention as it now became obvious her gaze was fixed on me.

Our eyes met as I slipped a dress over my head and down resting on my shoulders. "Would you zip me," I questioned looking right into her piercing eyes.

Maggie walked up and I felt her warm soft fingers on the small of my back as she pulled the zipper up, very, very slowly. I felt her hot breath on my neck, exposed with my hair pulled back in a pony tail that Meagan had wrapped earlier with her yellow hair band.

I wanted to turn and kiss this woman as her fingers trailed down my arms as she turned me.

"You look stunning," Maggie beamed. "That dress looks divine on you and fits you like it was made especially for you." Her perfume was intoxicating and her smile so warm as I stared into her eyes. 

I tried on several more outfits finding Maggie stepping over to either zip it or adjust it in some way, anything to have her fingers touch my skin. It seemed too intentional to be an accidental touch and I wondered if she was desiring me as much as I wanted her. This woman I had just met was bringing to the surface desires as my pussy dripped and I hoped would not become too noticeable as we continued to try on more items.

"Look, I've got an appointment and I'd love to stay open longer for you ladies but I promised to be there by 7:30. Perhaps you both can come back Monday or Tuesday?"

"Sure," Meagan responded, "But we'll get these today," she said as she handed Maggie some of the items we had already selected. As I dressed, I couldn't help but feel a little disappointed as the dance between Maggie and I was cut short.

This time I insisted I pay for the items and as Maggie bagged up our purchases.

Meagan drove back as I slipped off my shoes and put my feet up against the dash thinking of my moments back in the store. The suggestive stares, the soft touches on my skin. I couldn't help but wonder if Maggie felt the same electricity I did.

"What you thinking about?" Meagan shot over noticing my expression.

"Nothing," I shot back.

"I don't think so. You were thinking of Maggie weren't you? You were thinking of getting it on with an older woman! You're such as slut now," she accused me. Take off your shorts."

"Excuse me," I questioned looking over at her.

"You heard me, slip off your shorts," she commanded.

I hesitated just a moment before I unsnapped the shorts and slid them down my legs exposing my naked pussy to her gaze.

"You're wet aren't you?" she inquired.

It was obvious. I was so worked up from the afternoon. Yes, I was dripping. I was so horny. I wanted to get off so bad.

"Spread your cunt lips. Let me see," Meagan barked looking over. I loved when she talked so dirty to me. I did as directed and then my sister insisted I rub my clit. Stick my fingers in and then taste them in front of her as we drove back to the apartment.

I did. I wanted to. I was so excited I plunged two fingers in my box and rubbed my little clitty. It felt so wonderful. I slipped my hand under my shirt and squeezed a already hard nipple. 

"That's right baby. Cum for me. She wants to fuck you. She told me back there. She wants you so bad," Meagan said softly.

"She told you?" I shot back surprised.

"I met her at a wine bar a few nights ago. That night you and Paul went out. It's a little place I found that encourages same sex customers – girls and guys," Megan explained.

"Maggie's...?" I started before Meagan cut in.

"Of course." Meagan said back intuitively knowing where I was going with my question. "I haven't been with her or anything but obviously she wants to get with you."  

"By the way, that Paul guy, when's the last time you heard from him?" she asked referencing the man I had been going out with after my break up with Steve.

He's called a few times, on my cell and at the office. I keep putting him off, you know with you in town and everything," I answered back.

"So when you going to tell him?" Meagan asked looking straight over at me.

"Tell him? Tell him what?" I shot back

"You're a lesbian now. You don't do men any more," she said back with emphasis.

I was quiet. I thought about what she said. My fingers still rubbing my clit, as I pulled on my nipple.

I was now. I knew I was...just what she said, a lesbian. I was turned on by Meagan and Maggie like I have never been with any man. But telling him. How could I do that?

"You know when we get home, I'm gonna fuck you. I'm gonna place that collar around your neck we bought you and then I'm going to fuck you with my cock. You're going to love it. You'll feel things you've never felt before. You'll be in a place you've never been before and there's no turning back now. Your feelings today for Maggie prove that. You're attracted to women now. You have a hunger that only pussy can quench. You know that don't you?" Meagan insisted.

"Yes," I said softly.

"Yes what?" she barked.

"I'm a lesbian now," I answered back.

"And what do you want me to do when we get back home?" Meagan smirked.

"I want you to fuck me. I want you to use me as your little lesbian slut. That's what I am now. " There was a pause before I asked back, " Megan?"

"Yes," she smiled back.

"I want Maggie to fuck me too. I want to eat her pussy. Maybe I could go down on her as you're fucking my pussy," I said.

"You are one wild slut aren't you. I haven't created a lesbian. My big sister is a sex crazed dyke," she laughed.

Hearing her call me that, a dyke, I rubbed faster on my clit and came hard on the seat of the car. My feet pressing against the hot dash as I felt wave after wave rack my body.

When we arrived home, Meagan made me completely disrobe at the front door. True to her word she fastened the leather collar around my neck and kissed me hard on the lips. We held our embrace as I stood naked in her arms until she broke our kiss and instructed me to go to the bedroom and wait for her.

When she walked in minutes later she was wearing a burgundy satin bathrobe and holding two glasses of Merlot. We drank a couple of drinks before she instructed me to get on my knees. I did as she directed as she untied her robe and the black cock we purchased sprung forth. It seemed immense as it hung down by the leather harness around her waist.

"Suck my cock Cheryl. Show me what a good little cock sucker you are," my sister commanded as I held the mammoth cock in my hand and went down on the soft rubber head. It slid between my lips filling my mouth. I had never had a cock this large before and it had been a while since I had given head to anyone.

"That's right, get it wet. Suck it. You're going to be seeing a lot of this cock. Play with yourself as you suck me," she chanted.

"And what is it I'm going to do with this thing?" she teased as she held it, pulling it from my mouth and wiping the saliva coated dong across my lips and face.
