 Note: English isn't my first language, and you will find minor grammar errors. If this bothers you, please find other great stories on this site. Thanks. 

*****

As much as she liked nature and was involved in many environmentalist organizations, Angelica couldn't deny that she loved road trips. Road trips in cars to be precise. Especially, if she really wanted to be precise, naked road trip in cars. So here she was driving down the highway in the deepest part of the night, completely naked in her car. The safety belt was somewhat of a bother, pressing down on one breast and pushing the other one sideways, but it was a small price to pay for the freedom she felt on the open road, naked in the middle of the night. 

Looking at the clock, she knew she couldn't tarry; she had to get to the forest road before the sun came up. The people in the few cars she passed by couldn't see that she was naked right now. At most, if they cared to look long enough, they'd think that she was wearing a tank top with strings. But once the sun would start shining light all over the world, she'd be in trouble. So she pressed harder on the pedal, enjoying the speed, the road and the music. 

She didn't really have to get up so early... 3 am certainly was an ungodly hour. But she had been looking forward to this trip for a while now, and she didn't have a lot of opportunities to drive naked. One of her friends once described her as a hardcore nudist, and far from insulting her, she thought that it fit pretty well. She would arrive at her friend's cabin very early, but Milla was a morning bird in any case. If ever her lack of sleep caught up with her during the day, she'd simply have to find the hammock she loved and lie there, dozing in the sun. Naked of course, as that was part of the deal the two friends had. 

A couple of hours later Angelica saw the mountain and soon she was off the highway and driving on a well beaten dirt road. The last big truck to pass her had slowed down quite a bit, and Angelica guessed that he had been pleasantly surprised by her nudity. As the sun peaked through the trees, Angelica smiled. She didn't like voluntarily exposing herself in non-nudist situations, but she wasn't a prude either. In any case, if the driver had been offended, he wouldn't have slowed down...

On this rarely used dirt road, with the sun high enough to light everything, she knew that anyone she'd meet on the road would see her breasts. Since the likelihood of such a meeting on this road at this early hour was very low, she didn't worry about it. Indeed, half an hour later as she stopped the car next to Milla's rented cabin, she hadn't met anyone. The noise her car made was enough, in this very quiet place, to let Milla know she had arrived. Before she could even pull her bag from the trunk, she saw Milla walking towards her. 

The feelings that took her when she saw her friend were mixed. Mostly, Angelica was very glad to see Milla. She really liked her, and had missed her quite a bit since their last meeting. Since they were going to spend the next couple of days together, all alone, Angelica should have been overjoyed. Yet, Angelica had only just recently made her peace with something that had been nagging her for a few years. 

The feelings she had for her friends were more than friendship. 

Angelica had been more or less attracted by Milla since the moment they met, but it had mostly been because of the blonde's remarkable beauty. As she looked at her walking naked in the green grass, Angelica was once again taken by her sheer physical presence. Overflowing blonde hair above and all over a stunning body, nice full breasts, smooth tummy, hips, ass and legs... Damn! Then again, if Milla's body had been the initial trigger, Angelica knew that her feelings now ran deeper than this. 

Smiling broadly and sincerely, she nevertheless took a deep breath before hugging Milla. As their bodies touched, Angelica trembled and knew that she was in trouble. Milla was straight, had always been. While Angelica's sexual open-mindedness didn't bother her, discussions about it had never led to a similar confession on Milla's part. 

As they talked, bringing her stuff to the cabin, Angelica smiled to herself; her friend still had that peculiar french accent, despite being born and raised in English. When she first met her, that affection had seemed strange and even worrisome to Angelica; who would decide to use such an accent? The fact that Milla was studying French literature wasn't an excuse! 

But as the years went by, she simply accepted it and didn't think about it all that much. On the other hand, right now she couldn't stop staring and thinking about Milla's lovely ass as she walked in front of her. And that fully shaven bush! What was up with that? Shaking her head, Angelica took another breath and followed her friend inside. 

***

Early that same morning, Milla woke up to the sound of birds singing. Last night's first masturbation had been glorious, and she knew she was going to enjoy a number of other such sessions before going back to the city. But today would be different; her long time friend Angelica would be coming to join her for two days. While they saw each other from time to time, this meeting was a very special occasion. Angelica was a trained and gifted massage therapist. The girls had met at the nudist colony years ago and had become fast friends. Soon they discovered that they both went to the same college, and their friendship grew from this first summer on. 

As for why Angelica would drive all this way to give Milla a massage was an interesting story. About five years ago Angelica got into some bit of trouble at college and as luck would have it, her friend Milla had been able to help. Sometimes old boyfriends were useful; one of Milla's ex was now working in the dean's office, and he had agreed to modify Angelica's file. It was relatively risky, but Milla had been able to convince him easily. After all, she hadn't left him because sex with him had been bad... 

Milla hadn't expected anything in return for this favour. But when she realized that Angelica was not going to accept it without reciprocating, she offered her a deal. "Come spend one day with me at my cabin, every summer, and give me a full day of massage." Angelica had laughed and agreed immediately. The ritual had begun the following summer and had happened every year since. 

In her bed, looking outside her window to what promised to be another great summer day, Milla's hands reflexively reached for her bald pussy. Milla smiled, wondering about how Angelica would react. The two friends had seen each other naked countless times at the colony and a few times at each other's homes or apartments. Yet during all those years Milla had never been completely shaven. 

Angelica shaved her armpits and her legs from time to time, as she understood that it was bad for her business, but nothing else. The dusky skinned woman had a remarkable bush that she let completely wild. She also liked to tease Milla when the blonde trimmed hers too much... "Oh well, she'll have to deal with it!" thought Milla with a smile. 

Looking at her box of toys, Milla wondered if she was going to play with her toys before breakfast. "Maybe just my fingers and some lube?" she thought. Milla could become wet enough by herself, but she found that the extra and unique sensations of artificial lubes were nice in themselves. 

Throwing the thin blanket on the floor to let the sun caress her body, she poured a large dollop of lube into her hand. Seconds later her first small moans broke the silence and set the tone for the day. Her moans eventually increased until she cried her pleasure as loud as she could, something else that she enjoyed doing out here, in the middle of nowhere. Her climax was delicious even though it had been very quickly reached. 

Reaching lazily for the glass of water near her bed, Milla drank then stretched on her bed. A few lingering fingers still caressed her lips and she grinned again. Definitely, she really liked this smooth shaven skin. Finally getting up, Milla looked at herself in the mirror, smiling at the sight of her still glistening pussy, belly, upper thighs, inner thighs... 

Caressing her breasts, she thought about her question from yesterday; were her breasts big, or just average? It had bugged her ever since her breasts started developing. Covering them with lube as she played with them and so threatening to rekindle the embers of her pleasure, she watched herself carefully. 

"I wonder what Angelica thinks of them..." she asked herself, not for the first time. She knew her friend was bisexual, and actually leaned a lot more towards lesbianism. It had been strange at first, to be naked and so close with a lesbian, but it didn't bother her anymore. Angelica, in addition to being a radical nudist, was also a philosophy graduate. 

She had convinced Milla that if such ideas bothered one person, then that person didn't really understand nudism. Nudism wasn't about sexuality at all. These days, Milla was nearly as convinced as her friend of that truth. Nearly. More than once she had felt her pussy tingle at the sight of some men. 

"Could I dare ask her what she thinks of my breasts?" Milla laughed out loud at the thought. Yet, Angelica was the most open-minded person Milla had ever known. Nevertheless when she imagined talking about it with her friend, comparing their breasts and all, it felt very awkward. Especially, Milla had to admit to herself, since Angelica truly had large breasts. While they hadn't talked about their breasts many times, they had had a few conversations about bras. Regardless of how you looked at them or with what you wanted to compare them, if you wore 36E bras, you had large breasts. On the other hand, her own 32D and 34C bras left her right on the limit. 

Reflexively, before getting out of her room, she looked around for her panties. Smiling, remembering that she had only brought one pair (to get here, and to get back out to the city), she got out of her room naked. It had been far too long since she had enjoyed a truly nude daily life. Sure, walking around naked in your apartment, with all the blinds and shutters closed, was nice enough. 

But it felt more like a naughty pleasure than a way of life. "There was nothing wrong with naughty pleasures," Milla thought as she poured herself a tall glass of orange juice, "but one must not forget that being naked is just our natural state of being." Yet as she rubbed her fingers together, feeling the lube still there, Milla knew that being aroused was also a natural state for her. She knew that she was enjoying her yearly visits here as much for the time spent exploring her sexuality than for nudism itself. 

Again, she wondered what Angelica would think about that... Not that Angelica wasn't a sexually awakened woman, far from it. The luscious mane of very long black hair, curly and screaming femininity, her always obvious breasts, the way she smiled, moved her hips as she walked... There was no denying it, Angelica was a bonfire, and she enjoyed the thrill of the chase and had enjoyed many lovers, both male and female. But she really didn't want to mix nudism and sexuality. Probably just on the basis of the concept itself; since nudism was often associated with licentiousness, Angelica argued too far on the opposite side. 

After a quick shower, as she ate the last bite of her croissant, Milla heard Angelica's car approaching. Almost jumping out of her stool, she refrained from running all the way to her. Before she could really think about what she was doing, she hugged her friend, and was suddenly surprised; they had hugged countless times while dressed, but Milla realized that it was their first nude hug. Not the same... Not the same at all. Angelica didn't seem to mind, and in the rush of pleasure she soon forgot about it. She saw Angelica's eyes taking in her shaven pussy, but her friend didn't say a word. 

Carrying one of her friend's bags inside, Milla tried to quiet her mind. She was very excited about her friend's visit. A bit too much, actually. Glancing behind her, she smiled at Angelica, taking in her friend's beauty. Her wild mane of hair seemed longer than she usually kept it, and even more luxuriant. So much so that Milla stopped walking and turned around. "Did you change anything?" she asked, looking at her friend. 

"What?" Angelica replied. "I'm naked! What could I have changed?"

Milla laughed as she heard the answer. Looking up and down her friend's body, she insisted nonetheless. "I know, silly! But there's something different." 

"Well, it only means that it's been too long since you saw a really beautiful woman!" Angelica laughed.

Milla laughed with her and turned back towards the house, shaking her head. She couldn't know that Angelica had just shaken her head at her mere moments before. "So," asked Angelica as they walked, "what's up with that shaven bush? Nude's good, but this is a bit much!"

"Argh! I knew you'd tease me about this..." Milla replied, faking an exhausted sigh. "I decided to do this yesterday, on the beach. I nearly shaved all the hair on my head as well!"

"Gods! Don't do that!" was Angelica's quick reply.

"Don't worry... those are there to stay."

"You look like a child... Turn around, let me look!" asked Angelica. 

Milla did turn around, and let her friend look. She'd done it a few times in the past, and while Angelica hadn't seen it, she had always been intrigued. Now, as Milla looked at her friend staring at her, she felt strange, exposed. "Oh cut it out!" she laughed, turning around again. 

Angelica laughed behind her. "Guess I'll have to call you Caryamia from now on... You really look like a child!"

"Caryamia? What does that mean?"

"It means little girl... Don't ask me in what language. I found it in an old novel. It seems to fit you now. Do you mind if I call you Caryamia?"

Milla turned her head around, grinned at her friend and winked. "As long as you still give me your wonderful massages, you can call me whatever name you like..."

"Don't worry Caryamia... I'm planning on having my hands all over you for my entire stay here..."

"Good!" Milla said as they entered the cabin. 

As soon as she said the words, Angelica regretted them. "Damn!" she thought. "Why did I have to say that? At least, Milla didn't seem to understand the double meaning..." Once inside they unpacked some of Angelica's things, including her flute, an inflatable mattress for the lake and quite a few pillows, blankets and lubricants for massage. "Lubricants..." Angelica thought, abashed. "Oils! Not lubricants!" 

It was barely past 8 o'clock and the girls decided to go for a morning swim. Despite the early hour, the sun and total absence of wind made for a relaxing and very warm time both in and out of the water. They spent an hour or two chatting, catching up on various subjects, both intimate and not. Both of them were still single, but they had a few lovers here and there. Milla, always curious about her friend's lesbian adventures, decided to ask the question she'd held back for a long time. "Angelica, I know it's a strange question, but when you're with women... don't you miss the... well, the man's er..."

"Their cock?" finished Angelica, grinning. "Well, yes, sometimes. It depends on the woman. With some, I don't even think about it or feel like something's missing. With others, it's an itch I can't scratch."

"Oh. I see."

"Why the question, suddenly?"

"No reason." said Milla, honestly. "I've been wondering about this for a long while, and never dared to ask it."

"What? You shy about sex?" Angelica laughed. "Got any more questions for me that you've been afraid to ask?" 

"Probably..." replied Milla, a small smile on her lips.

"Shoot! Couldn't think of a better time!" Angelica replied, smiling. 

As Milla asked her first question, Angelica was well aware of the potential risks of her invitation. The very pleasant conversation on the bank of the lake only confirmed what she already knew; she was pretty much in love with Milla. Had been for a while now. 

She remembered how she had felt a year ago, on the long ride back to her home after her yearly visit here. She had spent the entire time trying to figure out if her feelings for Milla were lust or love. She tried her best, during the following weeks, to masturbate those feelings away. Yet instead of purging her of physical lust, every time she masturbated while thinking about Milla, her feelings intensified. Except for a few phone calls since, they hadn't been alone together. 

As she talked about her sex life with a woman she loved and lusted after, there was a little voice inside Angelica's head that was screaming in alarm. Milla had no idea that Angelica felt anything more than friendship for her. So she was asking her questions without the faintest trace of inhibition. Angelica had invited to do so herself... "Did many lesbians use dildos?" "Was she a breast or ass lover?" "How did two lesbian decide who was the dominant in bed?" "Had she ever had a threesome?" and so on for a long while.

Some of her questions were pretty naïve, but Milla was obviously very curious. Also, if she didn't know any better, Angelica might have believed that Milla was leading her on. What was that about breasts or ass lover? Angelica knew that her friend was very self-conscious about her breasts... Angelica had nearly said that she thought Milla's breasts were stunning. And why ask her if she preferred blondes or brunettes? If Angelica had been asked that in a bar, she would immediately know that the other woman was flirting with her. And why oh why had she replied, "Blondes, of course..."

When Milla finally exhausted her reserve of questions, they got up and headed back to the cabin for a bite to eat. Looking at her friend's ass again, Angelica had a very vivid image of herself taking a bite out of that ass. Laughing out loud at the thought, she had to mumble and explanation when Milla asked what was so funny. 

Angelica knew she was excited, could even feel the warmth between her legs. Taking deep breaths, looking at everything but her friend's body as it shone with fine sweat, she tried to clear her mind. It was not the first time she'd had feelings for a straight woman, and she knew she could deal with it. 

After their meal, sitting lazily in the huge sofa, Milla said, "I think it's time for my first massage, wouldn't you agree?" Smiling, Angelica agreed. A few minutes later she had set-up her table outside in the full midday sun. As she went to her bag to get her bottle of oil and the handy leather belt that held it against her hip for easy access, Angelica heard Milla going outside. 

Alone in the room, she took a few seconds to look around and saw Milla's box of toys. Angelica grinned. It wasn't the first time she'd seen it and while she knew what it was for, she didn't know exactly what was in it. She should have asked about it earlier, when Milla asked her all of those intimate questions. 

As she got out of the cabin, she briefly paused when she saw Milla on the table. She was just gorgeous, amazingly sexy, doing nothing but lying there on her belly. Her golden, glowing hair was falling around the table, swaying gently in the breeze. The arch of her back and swell of her nice buttocks were backlit by the sun, creating a very fine line of light all the way down her legs to her feet. 

Even her feet were nice, as she looked at them while Milla was rubbing one against the other. Taking a deep breath, Angelica knew she was about to give one of the hardest massages of her life. Her pussy was already pulsating, her nipples were hardening and she hadn't even put a single hand upon that golden skin. 
