 "Gina? Robbie won't give me my Mickey toy back," the precious little face said with a quivering lower lip.

The endearing five year old girl with blonde hair was close to tears. 

"Don't worry sweetheart. I'll get it for you," I promised and picked her up. 

Ashley put her little arms around my neck and looked at me affectionately. She knew I would successfully extract her toy from her older brother. 

"Go sit with mommy and I'll take care of Robbie," I said with confidence and a wink. 

After I deposited Ashley with her mother I waded toward Robbie in the deeper part of the pool. 

"Go get em Gina!" Ashley cheered in a loud voice. 

As I chased after Robbie using a comic growling voice, I contemplated my current situation as the au pair to two terrific kids. 

There I was, Gina Saracino, former college jock, a freakin nanny and a good one too.

When I graduated college, my job prospects proved to be limited because my English degree guaranteed me a lot of unemployment. A fairly good athlete from high school thru college, I was undecided on teaching Phys Ed as a career.

My parent's encouraged me to continue my education but I was tired of school and the lack of money. On line job services proved fruitless and the ads in the local paper were useless. 

One steamy July afternoon, my mother showed me a want ad in the church bulletin for a nanny position. I had no expertise with young kids or so I thought. 

"Try it Gina. What do you have to lose? You just might like it," my mother insisted.

I had a little experience with kids via my nieces and nephews at holidays and special occasions. For six summers I helped coach athletics at the community center but only as an assistant. 

The day of the interview I trotted downstairs wearing shorts, a tank top and a baseball cap; not very feminine and way too casual. When my mother saw me, she shook her head with a sad expression.

"What's wrong ma?" I asked with exasperation.

"Who are you trying to impress, the husband?" she answered with a scathing look. 

My mother was "old school" and I followed her to my bedroom closet. She looked through my wardrobe with distaste but finally selected an appropriate outfit for me. In spite of the fact I hated it, she was right, it was the proper clothing for the interview. 

As I drove to the address, I gaped at the upscale and very large houses in the neighborhood. I stopped in front of an enormous Colonial style with beautiful landscaping. 

A very pretty woman in her early thirties opened the door and introduced herself. As we sat in her gorgeous living room, Fiona described the job in detail. I was looking around at the rich décor and lost track of her voice.

"Do you have any experience?" she politely asked for the second time.

"Oh...ah...yes, I do," I said unconvincingly. I had failed to bring a resume or references. 

"What type of experience do you have?" she asked patiently.

"Ah...I worked at summer camps and did some coaching," I said flatly.

"Anything else?" she asked in a mystified tone. 

I hesitated for a long time but I found it hard to carry on any kind of deception. Fiona appeared to be genuine and forthright. 

"I'm sorry but my mother put me up to this. The truth is that I have limited experience," I replied a little crestfallen.

I explained my current situation to Fiona and got up to leave. 

"Do you want to meet the children?" she inquired.

I was stunned by her question. 

"But...but I told you I have very little experience," I stammered.

"My dear, I've interviewed quite a few young women for the position and you're the first one who's been honest with me," she replied with assurance. 

Fiona led the way to the second floor playroom and I followed dumbly behind her. 

"I judge a candidate by how the children react to her," She stated factually and continued. 

"Oh, I admit it's a bit unorthodox but the children will be spending the bulk of their time interacting with the au pair," she said in the same factual tone of voice. 

When I met Ashley and Robert Jr. or Robbie, I hit it off with them in a big way. I played with Ashley and her myriad of dolls then rough housed with Robbie in a mock football game. 

Fiona announced that it was snack time and the children begged me to stay. 

"If it's ok with mommy, I'll stay, I said with delight.

When the snack was over, I looked at Ashley and Robbie with affection. I had just met them and already I was taken with them. 

"Please come back and play with me," Ashley begged with an adorable expression. 

"Me too!" Robbie barked. 

Before I left, I gave Fiona four references that she could check. 

As I drove home, I was bowled over by my reaction to Ashley and Robbie. 

"Gina? You've been gone for two hours. What happened?" my mother asked in a very inquisitive way.

"I guess I'm in shock ma. I really liked them, I said with a starry look in my eyes.

I described my visit in detail and my mother was beaming at me. She grabbed my face from under my chin and squeezed. 

"See! I told you!" she declared with pride and kissed me on the forehead. 

My mother knew that I hated having my face squashed in that manner but she was happy and that meant a lot to me. 

"Gina. You didn't say anything about...you know..." 

"Now ma, why would I bring that up?" I said with irritation.

My mother was the only person in my family who knew about my sexual orientation. After my freshman year at college, I had a long heart to heart with her. It was painful and at first, she didn't understand but her love for me overrode her confusion about same sex liaisons. 

"But, I want grandchildren," she said with yearning.

"Ma, you've got eight already," I reminded her.

My older sister Teresa was a baby making machine. She was fertile to the point of absurdity. My brother Cosmo was the proud papa of two kids with another on the way.

"Gina, I have to listen to your Aunt Rose every Thursday at bingo tell me about her twelve grandchildren," my mother said with exasperation. 

"Madonna mia!" she declared with her eyes to heaven and made the sign of the cross. 

"Is it the grandkids or the amount that's important?" I asked her. 

My mother looked at me with total annoyance.

"Gina, how can I make you understand!" she bellowed and threw a dish towel at me. 

A few days after my interview, Fiona called to offer me the position. It required my living at her home but the real bonus was accompanying Ashley and Robbie on extended vacations throughout the year. 

That afternoon I insisted my mother shop with me at the mall. I had little in the way of appropriate clothing and needed her advice and expertise. It was going smoothly until it was time to select swimsuits. My mother only liked the one piece Speedo's.

"Ma, I should have at least one bikini," I begged.

She was steadfast in her conviction that one piece was the way to go. I acquiesced but slipped a bikini in among the Speedo's. 

At the checkout counter, she shot me a "madder than hell" look but kept her tongue in check. Eight hours later, I was well stocked but poor ma was close to a thousand bucks poorer. I thanked her profusely.

The following Monday, I deposited my belongings in a small bedroom between Ashley's and Robbie's. I was barely moved in when Fiona informed me that we were leaving for a month long visit to the top kid & adult attraction in Florida. 

On the flight to Orlando, Fiona commented on my ability to keep the kids under control during the flight. 

"You have a no nonsense way about you that they respect," she said with sincerity. 

Fiona was right. I had a low tolerance for whiny, disruptive behavior and communicated that through my body language and attitude. I was firm but with a smile. 

The two story suite at the on site hotel was breathtaking with three bedrooms, three baths, kitchen, living room and den.

"This must cost a fortune!" I marveled out loud.

"It does but Robert can afford it," Fiona said wistfully.

It hadn't met Fiona's husband and asked if he would be joining us.

"I doubt it, he's too busy," she said cynically.

I must have had a confused look because she elaborated.

"Robert's a workaholic. He travels extensively for business reasons. We're lucky to see him once or twice a month," she said almost despairingly. 

"He insists on sending me and the children on these lavish vacations. I believe it's his way of compensating for his frequent absences," she stated in a sad tone.

Ashley and Robbie were clamoring for me to take them to the beautifully themed pool with slides and a rope swing. As I slathered much needed sunscreen on them, Fiona had a gloomy expression. 

"Is something wrong?" I asked but she refused to talk further.

Mid summer is the worst time, weather wise, to visit central Florida. Most of our days were spent at the pool with occasional evenings in the theme parks. 

One rainy afternoon, I was lounging on the back patio with Fiona. The kids were napping and the two hours of peace was welcome. Her mood had varied little and she seemed genuinely unhappy.

"I spoke with Robert this morning and he won't be joining us," she said and her eyes were edged with tears.

I was speechless and put my hand on her shoulder in sympathy. 

"Do you miss him?" I asked quietly.

"Strange but yes, I do miss him," she said wiping tears from her eyes.

"I've seen precious little of him since we got married. And the children, I doubt they'll recognize him," She stated in a weepy voice.

"Do you miss your family?" she asked me with genuine curiosity. 

"Yes, my mother especially." I answered.

"No special someone at home?" she inquired.

"No" I said very shyly.

"A hot babe like you? I'm surprised!" Fiona remarked with amazement.

"Thanks for the compliment but...ah...I guess I don't think of myself that way," I said sheepishly.

"My dear if I had your body, I'd be married with at least two or three boyfriends and more waiting in the wings," she stated definitively.

"What do you miss the most about Robert?" I asked trying to change the flow of the conversation.

"Oh God! The sex! I've used my fingers and power tools for so long, I've forgotten what a cock feels like," she exclaimed.

The children were stirring and nothing further was said. I was changing into my Speedo when Fiona noticed the bikini in my dresser drawer.

"Why don't you wear this?" she asked.

"Oh...ah...I didn't want to look...you know..."

"Nonsense, with your body, you should wear a bikini all the time. It's Florida and the weather is hot and sticky," she crowed.

At the pool, I was getting a fair amount of stares from both sexes. Afterwards, Fiona insisted on buying me several more at the Florida Mall and the Speedo's were relegated to the back of the drawer. 

The only time I wasn't with Fiona and the kids was the early morning when I took an hour or so to exercise. Within minutes I was bathed in sweat from the sultry air. 

One morning, I wore my bikini top and bicycle shorts. When I returned to the suite covered in sweat, Fiona gave me the once over, pausing to gaze at my flat tummy.

It was a little unnerving but I liked the attention. My sex life had been one long dry spell since I graduated college. But, with the close proximity to the children, I refused to masturbate because I tend be noisy and get caught up in the moment. 

A day or two later Fiona informed me that Ashley and Robbie were going on a guided wildlife discovery tour for the day. I was grateful for the time off and she joined me on the patio for some R & R.

With my body oiled and sweaty, I lay in the sun soaking up the rays. Fiona was on her side with her hand propping up her chin. 

"Enjoying yourself?" she asked innocently.

"Yeah! This is great!" I gushed.

Fiona was sipping her third tropical alcoholic beverage and feeling no pain. Except for a glass of wine at dinner, she rarely indulged when the children were present. 

"How long have you been working out? I mean...you've got a six pack and well...I'm kind of jealous," she said in a boozy and sultry voice.

I turned and looked at Fiona with a perplexed expression.

"I'm sorry but I was just...oh...admiring your body," she explained with a timid look. 

"I've been exercising since junior high when I got involved in sports," I answered honestly.

Slowly, I realized that Fiona was sexually interested in me. As she noisily finished her drink, she gazed at me with an expression of longing. 

"I think you're...ah...hot," She said with embarrassment and cast her gaze downward.

"Fiona, you're my employer and I don't want to say anything inappropriate but are you coming on to me?" I inquired in a strong but friendly manner.

"Forgive me but it's been so long. I had a few...experiences in college and with Robert gone so much..." She blubbered.

Fiona put her hands over her face and bawled in earnest. With sympathy squeezing my heart, I embraced her.

I helped her into the bedroom and placed a cold wet towel on her forehead to soothe her. 

"I made a real fool of myself," She stated with self hatred unable to look up at me. 

"It was a clumsy proposition but I'm flattered, I guess?" I said with reassurance and a light heart.

Fiona laughed and finally looked at me with heart rending sadness.

"Are you attracted to me?" I asked looking deep into her eyes.

"Yes. When I saw you in the bikini...oh...you reminded me of someone," she said in a whisper. 

"Who?" I inquired with curiosity.

"Nola, she was my best friend in college. A great body, a swimmer, pretty and well...I got to know her on intimate terms," she said bashfully.

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked.

"More than I care to admit," she said finally smiling.

Fiona had a pretty face and when she smiled, positively dazzling. 

"Thanks for listening." She said with affection and put her arms around my neck. 

I kissed Fiona on the cheek and left her in the bedroom to recover from the alcohol. While she dozed, I made a light gourmet lunch. 

"She's very attractive," I thought to myself. 

In spite of the fact that she had two children, her body looked good, slim, petite and angular. It could use some toning and tightening but...what was I thinking? 

"She's your employer stupid!" I yelled at myself. 

Promptly at one, I served the food to a very appreciative Fiona. Our conversation at first was admittedly awkward.

"I want to apologize for my earlier..." She said quietly with her gaze cast toward the floor but I cut her off before she finished. 

"Not necessary." I stated with resolve and a smile.

As we were finishing lunch, the children returned and life resumed its normal cadence until Fiona's parents' came to visit. They were taking Ashley and Robbie to Cape Canaveral and the beaches on the east coast for a few days. 

I was soaked with sweat when I came back from my morning workout and found Fiona exercising in the middle of the living room to the Jane Fonda Workout. 

"Hey!" I greeted her warmly.

Fiona was trying to keep pace but quit in frustration. 

"I can't do a good sit up to save my life," she said in an out of breath voice.

"Here, I'll show you what works for me," I said and lay on the floor to demonstrate.

Fiona watched intently as I did twenty crunches in agonizing slowness. I was on my last crunch when her hand dropped to my belly.

"Good God Gina! Your abs are hard as stone," she stated with awe.

I blushed every shade of red possible but Fiona's hand remained on my flexing gut caressing my six pack. The effect on my crotch was alarmingly swift and I involuntarily sighed.

As Fiona ran one hand over the rigid muscles, the other swept over my exposed thigh. 

"You have fantastic muscle tone!" she gushed. 

My resistance melted away and I gaped at Fiona with her mouth open, breathing heavily, concentrating on the flesh under her fingers. It had been a good five months since my last sexual interlude and I wanted the vivacious and sexy lady who also happened to be my employer. 

Quickly, I stood up, took a surprised Fiona by the hand and led her into the opulent master bathroom. As she sat on the toilet with a stunned look, I took my sweaty clothes off and stood before her resplendently naked.

Fiona visibly gulped but moaned when I removed her top, shorts and panties. In the shower, her silky hands soaped my body with gentle expertise. Long fingers lovingly caressed my nipples sending jolts of sensation deep into my crevice. I did the same for her and a blissful expression spread over her countenance. 

When I rinsed the soapy film from my tingling body, Fiona sagged against me and put her head on my shoulder with exquisite tenderness. 

Fiona pulled back and gazed at me with such yearning that my heart throbbed in my chest. She ran her hands over my upper torso pausing to seductively tweak my jutting buds. 

"Oh Fiona," I groaned as her fingers manipulated the sensitive flesh. 

My pussy was creaming, no doubt about it as a tiny trickle ran down the inside of my thigh. Even in the wet shower the musky odor filled the enclosed space and a wiggling finger slid gingerly along my slit with graceful strides. 

Fiona's lips encircled a pulsating nipple and lightly tugged at the skin. Her tongue lapped the distended nub with craving and gentle expertise. She was hungry but experienced enough to take her time and give me maximum pleasure. 

Gradually Fiona's ministrations to my tits and pussy took on more urgency. As sonic waves of pleasure reverberated in my quivering box, I moaned and grunted my approval. I was finding it difficult to stand and my knees nearly buckled.

With Fiona's help I fell on the bed and her on top of me. She resumed her duties and my body vibrated with hot prickling sensations. 

"Oh God! Ooh Fiona!" I gasped in ecstasy when her lips made contact with my hairless slit. 

Fiona impressed the hell out of me. I could count on one hand the number of girls who lapped me with the formidable skill that she displayed. 

Fiona borrowed into my pussy with her ravenous tongue; slurping and sucking as though her very existence depended on it. My orgasm was building quickly when a pair of hands gripped my flexing butt. She paused briefly, lifted her face and licked her wet lips with an expression of absolute lust. 

Fiona dove back into my box with extraordinary vigor. I pushed my backside forward until I was on the end of the bed and she was kneeling on the floor devouring me. 

With my athleticism, I forced my upper body higher and ground my pulsating gash on her mouth. Indescribable sensations prickled and tingled in my quaking pussy as her tongue wiggled lightly across my clit. 

"Oh God Fiona! Eat me!" I cried out.

The sheer joy of Fiona feasting on me drove me over the edge. I arched my back and shuddered as waves of contractions swept over me. 

"Was it ok?" she asked in a searching way.

"Ok? It was fucking awesome!" I crowed contentedly and turned on my stomach to recover. 

Unexpectedly, I felt hands caress my butt. 

"You have a great ass," she murmured in an admiring voice. 

"Thanks, but now it's your turn," I spoke with authority and flipped over on my back.

Fiona had a shy expression and articulated her thoughts almost in a whisper,

"Please fuck me Gina?" she begged. 

Before I had chance to say anything, she hunted in her suitcase for something and produced a strap on. I eagerly affixed the object to my waist and gazed lustfully at Fiona with her sexy little butt raised in the air. Using my fingers, I delved into her pussy and lubed the faux penis. 

"Fuck me Gina. Fuck me hard!" she begged as I steadily worked the dildo into her soggy box. 

With increasing depth and faster rhythm, I screwed her until she was practically screaming. I thanked God for the years of strenuous work outs that I inflicted on my body as I tirelessly pumped her hot pussy.
