 Chapter 2: The not so Reluctant Lesbian

The rain relentlessly pounds on Sheila's bedroom window in a soothing beat that gently wakes Jackie from her deep slumbers. She uncoils from the fetal position she was rolled up in feeling completely sated and contented from head to toe to the very depths of her soul. For the first time in weeks there is no ache what so ever in her breasts. Just a warm pleasant tingly feeling that makes her sigh with relief. She feels another slight warm glow emitting from her well satisfied womb.

Erotic memories of the night before slowly come back to her as she stretches and luxuriates in the full body tingles only a woman can feel after being completely satisfied in every way. Disappointedly, Jackie realizes she is alone in the bed. Her two lovers have left her like the pleasant dreams of the night before, fading from her memory as if they had never been.

Jackie stretches again and light headedly sits up in the bed to look at the rain out the window. "Holy Shit, I slept through the night," She says as she begins to softly rub and message her nude breasts, enjoying the sensations that her hands are producing. She loses herself in her self message until she feels rays of sun light caress her breast through the window and she can no longer hear the rain. An hour at least has passed while she rubs her breasts in a trance like state.

Jackie has never felt so euphoric in her life. She feels like a goddess stepping down from heaven as her feet lightly hit the floor. Nude, she floats over to her freshly washed sweat shirt and pants folded on a nearby chair and sees the note Sheila has left for her pinned to her shirt.

"You were AWESOME last night lover, much more than I had ever dreamed. I think I'm falling in love. It pains me that I have to leave you without wrapping myself in your arms and giving you a proper good bye but I just couldn't bring myself to wake you from your beautiful dreams. You looked so blissful lying there I just couldn't do it. I have to bring Liz back up state to wrap up a few things and then both of us will be back for work tomorrow. I will pick you up as normal. A queen like you should never ride a bus! I'm giddy as a school girl with her first crush! This shouldn't be happening to me. What are you doing to me lover? Can't wait to see you again. You are so delicious I want to eat you all up, AGAIN." 

"Oh, I washed your sweats for you. It was SOOOOOO wet with your milk."

"XOXOXOXOXO "SMACK" Sheila."

Jackie is filled with pride and longing as she reads the note again and again. Tears of happiness rolling down her cheeks and pangs of wantonness rumble in her groin. Carefully she folds the note and puts the note in her pocketbook. She is a little bit hungry so before dressing and leaving for home she sees what Sheila has to eat in the fridge. She opens the door to discover not much food. There is no room because gallons of dated breast milk take up virtually every space.

At the sight of the breast milk Jackie's nipples instantly harden and two white dots of her own milk began to form at the tips. "Oh my," She says as a strong shiver courses through her body. Guiltily, Jackie takes a jug of milk out and unscrews the cap to smell the milk as a reminder of the night before. Her whole body awakens at the first sniff of the sweet smelling milk and before she can stop herself she lifts the jug with two hands to her waiting lips.

Sheila's oh so sweet, cold breast milk coats Jackie's tongue and throat as it works its way down to her stomach. "Umph,Umph,Umph,Umph," are the grunting noises Jackie makes as she swallows gulp after gulp of the cold nectar. Sheila's sticky milk is spilling out her mouth all over Jackie's shoulders and breasts and dripping to the floor even as Jackie's stomach expands to accommodate the breast milk. Unknowingly, Jackie's own nipples begin to fire streams of milk in the air in celebration of the cold fluid that is coating Jackie's filling stomach.

Finally Jackie pulls her hungry mouth from the Jug amazed to see she has drunk and spilled nearly a half gallon of breast milk all over herself. She cleans the mess up on the floor and heads to the bath with the rest of the milk. When the tub eventually fills she sits in it and very slowly finishes off the other half gallon of Sheila's milk, this time not spilling a precious drop. Jackie swirls every mouthful in her mouth like a fine wine before swallowing it down to her swelling belly.

"Ahhhh," Jackie sighs and smacks her lips as the last mouth full enters her now huge belly. She lies in the warm tub thinking of nothing as she contently strokes her milk impregnated tummy. Just knowing her tummy is near bursting with Sheila's milk makes Jackie feel as if Sheila is in the tub with her.

Finally Jackie struggles out of the tub. Her milk laden belly makes it difficult to get up but she finally manages to do so and waddle over to her cloths and dress. Her sweat shirt and pants are stretched to their limit by her breast and belly. Her body and the tub have now warmed the milk in her stomach and a very stimulating warm glow radiates through out her body with her tummy as the epicenter. She is determined not to discharge the warm milk so she can revel in this feeling of pleasure and closeness to Sheila for as long as she can.

She ponders Sheila's fridge as she's leaving and decides there is plenty of milk in it and takes two gallons of milk with her home in two large grocery bags. Giggling, "I'm sure we can always replace it." She leaves Sheila's house and decides to walk the mile to her house on this warm sunny day. The weight of the bags is neutralized by the thought of their cargo and they feel light as feathers. "Better burn off some of this milk, don't want to get fat," Jackie says to herself as she walks home. The world has never been so alive to Jackie. Places she passes that have been gray since Butchy died are once again filled with vivid colors. The birds sing songs of love that warm her soul. And the little children playing in the park make her think of her own baby and her hopes for the future. People walking by her see her warm healthy glow, the smile on her face and her straining sweat shirt and just assume she is pregnant.

She finally reaches home and places the milk in her fridge. Her bladder is near bursting and reluctantly she releases a steady, strong stream into her toilet bowl. As the warmth leaves her stomach and bladder her belly starts to shrink to normal levels once again. But not quit as her stomach is stretched to accommodate more milk. Jackie goes to the living room and watches TV wondering what Sheila is doing. Her eyes constantly wonder back to the fridge which she can see from where she is seated. And when a "got milk" commercial plays on the TV it is too much for her and before she knows it she finds herself at the fridge door grabbing a gallon Jug of milk. 

Her whole body is shaking like a crack addict waiting for her next fix as she gets a tall glass and brings the jug to the table. Jackie can't decide if she has the patients to heat the milk first or not. Finally she gets a big pot and fills it with milk and pours the remainder of the milk in a glass to drink while she waits for it to warm. Over the course of the night Jackie polishes off all the milk in the glass and the milk in the pot, refilling her stomach with Sheila's warmth. When finished, she falls into a deep sleep on her bed, rubbing her extended belly through the night while she sleeps.

The next morning Jackie wakes to a pair of large black hands lovingly rubbing her swollen tummy in slow seductive circles.

"Good Morning sleepy head," Sheila says affectionately. "I couldn't wait to see you so I came straight here from up state. You left your door unlocked and I came in. I hope you don't mind."

Sleepily Jackie says " Hmmm, no baby, not at all. Please keep rubbing my belly, it feels so good."

"Is that my breast milk in there that's making your stomach so fat?" Sheila coos. "You left the jug in the kitchen and I recognize my hand writing on it."

"Yes Sheila it is, I took some of your breast milk from your house to be closer to you while you were away. With your milk inside me I feel like you're with me."

Sheila's eyes swell with tears as for the first time in her life she is over come with love for someone other than her self. So Jackie can't see her crying, Sheila lowers her head on to Jackie's stomach and listens to her milk slosh around inside her. Jackie cradles her head in her arms stroking it with her hands while she hums like a mother to her baby.

"I love you Jackie." Sheila says into Jackie's stomach with a hitch in her throat.

"I know baby, I love you too."

The two women lay this way until Jackie's alarm goes off for work. Reluctantly, Sheila rises off of Jackie wiping her eyes. Little tear streaks run along the arc of Jackie's belly. Jackie pretends not to notice and heads to the bathroom to relieve herself and ready for work. When dressed, Jackie comes out and goes to Sheila who is sitting on the couch. Jackie looks down at Sheila and smiles warmly at her. She straddles Sheila's thick thighs facing her as she sits in her lap. Jackie holds Sheila by her head, looks into her eyes and whispers, "I love you," And pulls Sheila's full lips to her mouth parting them with her tongue.

The two women continue to slowly kiss each others mouths, the pace never quickening. This kiss is about pure passion not lust so there is no need for it to quicken. They take turns exploring each others mouths with their tongues often meeting in the middle to stroke each other and to learn each others taste, their warm mouths opening and closing and sharing of each other with each cycle of their kiss. Sheila's large breast surrounding Jackie's body and Jackie's loving hands pulling and rubbing Sheila's head, make the two women feel as one.

Finally Jackie disengages her kiss and dreamily says, "We have to go to work now Sheila."

Sheila sighs, "I know Jackie, let's get this over with," And stands to leave for work.

The two women arrive at work just at punch in time. Both women can take their eyes off each other and after a few hours Sheila notices that Jackie is grimacing in pain.

"What's wrong Jackie are you all right?"

"Yeah Sheila I'm ok, it's just that my breast are filling up with milk again and they are very uncomfortable."

"Oh my god Jackie, why didn't you same something? I totally forgot about that. I'm kind of use to mine being full all the time but I could use a little relief too," Sheila giggles.

"Here, at work Sheila? No way we'll get caught."

"Don't worry Jackie, I have the perfect place. I have the key to the stock room," Sheila says as she pulls Jackie around the corner.

Sheila unlocks the door to the pitch black stock room and the two women step inside. She makes sure to lock the door and turns on the light. Jackie has all ready removed her shirt and is unhooking her bra.

Sheila stares at Jackie and says, "You're beautiful."

Jackie turns beat red, removes her bra, lifts her right breast up and wiggles her index finger at Sheila, "Come and get it baby."

Sheila slowly walks to Jackie's waiting breast but before she can cover the distance, Jackie's bloated right nipple starts shooting high arcs of milk into the air in anticipation of Sheila's mouth. Her left nipple, equally swollen, drips a steady stream of milk on to the floor. 

Sheila stops dead in her tracks and stares at Jackie's nipples in awe. Without being touched hardly at all milk is streaming out of both tits.

"I thought you had a lactating problem Jackie?"

"Not when I'm near you baby, please don't talk, suck," Jackie says as she aims a stream of milk at Sheila.

Without a further word Sheila steps up to Jackie, kneels on the floor and very gently encircles her squirting nipple with her fat lips. She feels the warm milk hit the back of her throat and she swallows it down.

"What are you doing Sheila?" Jackie asks, "Suck it hard," As Jackie wraps her hands behind Sheila's head and pulls it forward into her breast as hard as she can.

Sheila had remembered how she had hurt Jackie before when she sucked her nipples and her new found feelings for her have made her reluctant of hurting her again. But with Jackie's words and feeling her rock hard nipple deep in Sheila's mouth, Sheila clamped down on the engorged nipple and sucks as hard as she can. She was rewarded with a constant powerful stream of warm mother's milk filling her mouth as Jackie's nipple doubled in size between her lips to accommodate the increased flow.

"Oh my god Sheila, that feels sooooo good, suck my tit dry baby," Jackie shudders as she gradually empties her breast into Sheila's tummy. 

Sheila brings her large hands up to Jackie's right breast and starts to ring every last delicious drop of her milk from her breast as she squeezes the breast forward with each new suck. Jackie feels warm streams of tingling pleasure pool at her fat nipple and release into Sheila's mouth. Sheila can't swallow fast enough and milk dribbles out the corner of her mouth onto the floor. Finally after what seems an eternity Jackie's right breast is completely empty and the two women repeat the process on her neglected left tit. When finally done Sheila holds Jackie's hand to her stomach and Jackie glows with pride that she can feel this large women's belly much warmer than before and a little bit extended with her milk. "Now I have a little bit of you with me to keep me company," Sheila says.

"We don't have time to do my breasts now Jackie but if you don't mind could we come back here later?" Sheila says shyly, "My God did I just say that?" Sheila wonders at the gentile caring change that Jackie is bringing over her.

"Of course darling I wouldn't miss it for the world. Your milk from the fridge is great but I want it straight from the faucet."

Once again, so unlike her, Sheila blushes and thrills at the prospect of filling Jackie's stomach with her milk.

As it turns out Sheila finagles the boss to let Jackie and her go home early so Jackie can pay proper attention to Sheila's tits.

Jackie and Sheila arrive at Sheila' apartment walk in the living room and sit on the couch.

"Jackie, I want to do something for you now. You are bringing a change over me that I have never felt before. I don't care about my needs and wants at all for the first time in my life. All I want to do is please you and make you feel happy and loved, ok? So I just want you to sit back and relax. It would make me so happy," Sheila says as she starts tearing up once again.

Jackie shyly smiles at Sheila. Jackie normally feels the same way in all her relationships so she completely understands Sheila's new found need. Her heart swells with pride and love for the change she seems to have brought in Sheila. "Ok Sheila I'm all yours," Jackie says with a gleam in her eye.

"First let's get these cloths off you; I want to see your gorgeous body," Sheila says. Sheila leans over to Jackie's side of the couch and starts slowly kissing Jackie on the neck, sending shivers down Jackie's spine. Sheila's tits are pressing into Jackie's side as Sheila reaches up to find the top button on Jackie's blouse. Sheila stops kissing Jackie's neck and pulls away for a moment so her other hand can squeeze between her breasts and Jackie's body to help unbutton the button.

As Sheila works the first button free, she gazes into Jackie's eyes and Sheila's eyes start to water as they fill up with love for this blond woman. A single tear falls from her eye and lands between Jackie's upper breasts as Sheila's mouth follows the tear downward to kiss Jackie's lower throat. Sheila's long thick tongue slowly parts her lips to taste Jackie's throat, leaving a line of saliva as she slowly drags it from the base of Jackie's neck swirls around her tiny Adams apple and continues upward to tickle her throat below her chin.

Jackie's breath is now coming in short gasps as with each swipe of Sheila's tongue sends Jackie's breasts heaving upward straining for release from their bra prison. Sheila's hands have not been idol as they have continued to unbutton Jackie's blouse. Now Sheila's mouth starts traveling downward following the path of opened buttons between Jackie's wanton breasts. As Sheila's mouth buries it self between Jackie's heaving cleavage, Sheila can smell Jackie's fresh breast milk that has started to leak from her swollen nipples within her bra cup. As Sheila softly licks between Jackie's breasts she is surprised to taste a small amount of her milk that has leaked from Jackie's now over flowing bra cup. 

Sheila has to fight back old urges to rip off the rest of Jackie's cloths and ravaging her as the warm milk lights fires of desire through out her body. Panting heavily, Sheila pulls away from Jackie's bosoms and looks into her angelic face. Her animalistic urges are quelled and re channeled by the trusting love she sees there. And with a giant shiver Sheila very gently pulls the blouse off of Jackie's arms.

Jackie is trying her best to remain still but her pussy has been ignited with lust and her nipples inflamed with desire. She realizes this delicious teasing has just begun and is able to keep her bodies desires in check, just barely, to please Sheila's new caring side.

Next, Sheila's fingers slowly and lightly drag there way down Jackie's sides sending fresh shivers into Jackie's body. As they reach the elastic on the slacks of Jackie's sweat pants, they hook themselves inside and slowly draw them down. Jackie lifts off the couch so Sheila can roll the sweats past her full hips. Even so the sweats hang up for a moment on Jackie's protruding ass cheeks. Once done she plops back on the couch and Sheila continues pulling the sweats off, scrapping her finger nails along Jackie's legs that awaken even more chills inside Jackie.

Sheila now stands up and pulls her blouse over her bulging bra exposing mounds of dark brown breast flesh over flowing out of her cups. Jackie is mesmerized and waits with anticipation for Sheila to free them from the bra. Sheila reaches between her breasts to find the hidden clasps there and deftly on the first try unhooks her bra. Sheila slowly, ever so slowly pulls the cups away from her breasts as she stares at Jackie's face and sways her hips back and forth.

The bra cups finally clear Sheila's huge pitch black nipples and falls to the floor, Jackie gasps with awe and excitement at the sight as she always does. Her clit hardens hoping Sheila will let her feast on them. Jackie looks into Sheila's misty eyes and when they make contact, Sheila holds her gaze for a moment, looks down and points to her swelling left nipple with her index finger, then extends the index finger from her nipple so its pointing straight at Jackie's mouth. A second later without being touched her nipple fires a steady stream of her milk arcing through the air to land on Jackie's chest and walk it way up to her opening mouth. Jackie gets about a half mouthful before the stream peters out all the way down to a slow drip. And not for the first time Jackie thinks Sheila's tits have minds of their own.

Jackie swallows the milk down and licks her lips as the love in her eyes has turned to pure lust. She holds her arms out to Sheila beckoning her to come to her.

"For you Jackie, anything," Sheila says as she saunters over to her. When Sheila reaches Jackie she puts one knee on the couch and swings the other one over Jackie's thighs so she is straddling Jackie's lap. She reaches behind Jackie and unhooks her bra freeing Jackie's breast that immediately pump their milk on to Sheila's stomach. Sheila throws the bra to the floor and kisses Jackie on the mouth parting her lips with her fat tongue as she holds Jackie's head tightly between her hands. Jackie's upper body is entirely between Sheila's large cleavage and her breasts continue to shoot streams of milk as Sheila's belly presses into them.
