 This story contains some scenes of spanking. I advise readers who do not enjoy such activity to look elsewhere for their pleasure.

*****

Jane and I settled ourselves into the two sofas opposite each other.

"That was a superb lunch, Christine. So simple and yet so pretty and very tasty. I can see you'll be sad to lose her."

"Very true. I think you have got the best of the bargain certainly. It is maria's one major talent that shines above all her other assets."

At this point jasmine came in with coffee on a tray which she placed on the table between us and, after asking Jane how she took hers, daintily poured cups for us both. It was late summer almost into early autumn and I could feel a chill starting to spread around the room and I picked up my cup and wrapped my fingers round it gratefully.

"I think it is time for a fire, jasmine. Could you start one for us please."

"Of course Mistress."

Jasmine stepped behind my sofa and then knelt in front of the open fire which was already laid with kindling. Sipping my coffee I watched as she applied a flame and got it going adding a layer of coal before piling on a couple of newly split dry logs.

"Tell me more about maria."

My attention was drawn back to Jane.

"There is little to tell really. I was persuaded to take her in by jasmine. They had been friends for some time and maria was eager to be trained in domestic service. To be fair she took to her role without problem."

"Did you need to punish her often?"

"In truth she was punished far more often than she needed."

"Oh, why was that?"

"She seemed to develop a liking for it and I'm not one to deny small favours."

"What method did you use? I hope you don't mind my asking I'm just trying to pick up pointers for the future."

"Not at all. It was mostly spanking, either with the hand or a paddle, usually over my knee or knelt on the floor. Very occasionally I would use a flogger. Most times she was given a reward afterwards."

"A reward?"

"I allowed her an orgasm. You know what these young girls are like ... ever eager. I always made sure she only ever had one with my permission."

"I wish pippa was like that. I can't seem to stop her from playing with herself even in front of me. It sounds like maria is much easier to control. I must try spanking her as soon as we get home, it sounds like fun."

"By all means try her out here before you leave. I can advise on the proper technique."

"That's most kind of you, Christine. I think I might take you up on that offer."

"I was planning to introduce pippa to the experience later today but I could bring that forward as well, as a sort of demonstration."

Jane smiled broadly, "that would be interesting to see how she takes that."

"I'm sure jasmine would also be interested to see the reaction of her new workmate, wouldn't you jasmine?"

All this time jasmine had been quietly knelt in front of the fire which was now blazing away and warming the room. She could have left some time before but had stayed in place listening to our conversation.

"Yes, Mistress, very much so."

"Good, then go and fetch them both in."

Slowly standing jasmine left the room in the direction of the kitchen. I heard a distant barked order followed by the sharp sound of a hand against vulnerable flesh and a muffled, "do it, bitch, and don't argue," followed by a second smack.

Eventually maria came in closely followed by jasmine who had pippa's arm in a vice-like grip and was pushing her into the room. I pointed to a space on the carpet and maria obediently went to her knees close to Jane. Jasmine pushed pippa to the floor and then dutifully knelt behind her. Turning her head quickly pippa flashed jasmine a look of anger before turning back to the front.

"I can tell you have much left to learn, girl. There is a hierarchy of command in this house and you as the latest addition are at the very bottom. Now, turn around, I no longer wish to look at your sullen face."

She glared at me but slowly shuffled round on her knees until she faced jasmine. I stood up and went to an antique corner cupboard and took out a paddle. It was quite a heavy one and was covered on both sides with black leather. One side was smooth and the other had a pattern of brass rivets covering the surface. As I handed the paddle to jasmine I glanced at pippa's face which was a picture of shock and fear.

"But you can't ..."

"Can't what, girl," I said sharply, cutting off her protest. "This is my house and you are now in my charge. From now on you can be silent."

I resumed my seat on the couch and smiled at Jane who was still smiling and anticipating what was to come.

"With your permission, Jane, I'd like to borrow maria for a short while. I feel that a little extra restraint might be needed."

"Of course you may, Christine."

Instinctively knowing her role maria shuffled across the carpet to kneel at pippa's side. 

"Bend forward, slut, head to the floor," I ordered sternly.

When pippa turned her head to glance at me maria immediately put her hand on the back of pippa's head and pushed it forward so suddenly that the girl nearly toppled over. Between them jasmine and maria grabbed both of pippa's flailing arms and maria held them tight to the back of her head. Using both hands and her slight weight maria pinned pippa to the floor and struggle as she might maria hung on.

There were muffled shouts from the depths of the carpet which Jane seemed to assume were directed at her as she suddenly burst out with "shut up you little bitch, you're no longer my concern. You're getting what I should have handed out months ago." At which point the angry muttering ceased. Jasmine moved to the side opposite maria and flicked the short hem of pippa's uniform over onto her back and tucked it in to the tie of her apron before looking at me.

"I think 10 strokes, jasmine, five on each side should be sufficient as a taster."

Without a word jasmine turned her attention back to the pair of upturned cheeks in front of her and gently stroked them with the smooth side of the paddle. Still with her head held firmly down to the carpet pippa gave off a little whimper. The gentle stroking gave way to light tapping alternating between each cheek and then ...

WACK!

... the paddle came down sharply on the right cheek, followed seconds later by an equally sharp WACK! on the left before the light tapping and stroking resumed. There were signs of a struggle from the pinned down pippa but maria was more than able to contain her. Without warning the paddle rose and fell once again. After a longer delay a fourth sharp sound echoed through the room. This time the fight was less frantic and I thought I could just hear sobbing. Already both cheeks were beginning to turn a bright pink as jasmine stroked them both softly with her hand. Once more she raised the paddle to the ceiling and brought it down hard followed immediately by strike number six and again jasmine stroked them both almost lovingly. After what must have seemed like forever to pippa strikes seven and eight arrived. As she stroked both cheeks jasmine swivelled the paddle in her hand until the riveted side showed and then looked at me with a questioning look. After a moment's thought I nodded. The last two strokes were quickly delivered, the very last bringing out a fierce cry from pippa. Slowly maria eased off her hold and pippa toppled sideways and curled into a foetal position. Her bottom was bright pink with a pattern of red marks over them from the effect of the rivets. She was quietly sobbing as jasmine moved closer, put the paddle to one side and lovingly stroked pippa's hair before bending forward and lightly kissing her on the cheek. Shuffling across the floor maria knelt once more at Jane's feet. There was for a brief moment a silent stillness in the room.

"Take her to your room, jasmine, and look after her. There is salve in the bathroom cabinet."

Slowly jasmine helped pippa first kneel and then stand. Her legs appeared to be shaky and jasmine had to hold her up. Without looking back at us and with jasmine's help pippa left the room. Her dress was still tucked into the apron tie and her buttocks showed off the full effect of her spanking. Opposite me I heard a long exhalation of breath from Jane.

"Wow! That was amazing and wonderful."

"There is still a long way to go and there will undoubtedly be more spankings like that before she is fully trained."

Jane put her hand down and placed it almost nervously on top of maria's head. "And this little one had to endure the same?"

"Once or twice but she was already willing to be trained. For her a spanking was usually a reward and not a punishment. She is at the point now where a moderate spanking arouses her."

"Oh my, really?"

"Why not try her and see?"

"May I?"

I pointed to the contract lying on the table, "she is your maid now and knowing her she will be disappointed if she doesn't receive one regularly."

Suddenly decisive Jane said, "Get up maria and come and stand here," pointing to the floor directly next to her.

Obediently maria stood and went to where Jane had indicated. At a sweeping motion from Jane's hand maria bent forward and positioned herself over Jane's knee and Jane seemed a little surprised at her eagerness to do so. Still a little unsure of what to do she nervously placed her hand on the back of maria's thighs and as she did so maria parted her legs slightly and wriggled just enough to invite a more intimate touch. Feeling a little bolder Jane slid her hand up maria's thigh and onto her twin cheeks, at the same time lifting her hem up with her other hand exposing her pretty bottom for us both to admire.

"Knowing maria as I do I can guess that she is already aroused."

"Really?" answered Jane and slipped her hand along the crack between her cheeks, over her anus which I knew from the past was one of maria's 'delight' places as she called them, and then between her legs to trace the outline of her pussy.

"Good guess then, Christine, the little slut is soaked."

"She'll become even more so after a spanking."

Jane removed her hand from between maria's legs and lifted her fingers to her nose and sniffed delicately at them before putting them in her mouth. She smiled and then dropped her hand back onto maria's bottom. Slowly she began to spank the girl gently at first and then, when maria made no protest, more firmly. Slowly the natural tan that came from maria's Hispanic roots turned darker as the spanks continued to come down. A short respite while Jane stroked both cheeks.

"She is warming up nicely," she commented, smiling at me before resuming her attack on maria's long-suffering bottom. After a few more smacks she slipped her hand once again between maria's legs.

She looked at me with an expression of delight. "She's even wetter than before."

"I have a feeling you will enjoy time with your new maid. She has also been well trained in eating pussy as you will no doubt discover. Try reaching with your other hand and pinching her nipples while you spank her," I suggested.

"She enjoys that as well?"

"No she hates it but strangely it arouses her even more."

I watched as maria suddenly jerked as a thumb and finger grasped a bared nipple and squeezed and the spanking continued on her bottom. I could tell from maria's body language that she was on the brink of an orgasm.

"Stop for a moment, Jane. May I make a suggestion?"

"Of course, Christine, I'm always happy for your advice."

"She is about to have an orgasm. You may wish her to have one now but in my experience a delay can be a useful tool. My suggestion is that you take her home and carry on playing with her there. Making her wait does her good and shows who is in charge."

"A great idea, Christine, as long as you don't mind missing out."

"She is yours to enjoy at your leisure. I'm sure she'll serve you well."

Slowly, almost sadly maria stood up. On her bared breasts one nipple was slightly pinker that the other. Jane stood and pulled up the front of maria's uniform hiding her just enough to be decent.

"I'd better cover you up for the ride home." She turned to me, "Thank you so much for today and for letting me have this new maid. Of course you are invited to come over at any time when I'm sure she will be delighted to make herself available for you."

I stood up and walked them to the door. I turned to maria and took her into my arms and hugged her.

"I'm sorry to see you go, little maria, but I'm sure you'll be happy with Miss Jane."

I saw her eyes become moist as I opened the front door and stepped aside to let them out. If I am truthful there was a tear in my eyes as well as I watched them climb into Jane's car and drive off. Eventually I shut the door and leant back against it. A new era in the life of my house was beginning as an old one ended. I took several deep breaths to compose myself before I went upstairs.

In the maid's room jasmine was sat quietly on a chair while pippa was sprawled on her front on the bed. Her dress was still tucked into apron tie and her bright pink bottom was on display although the pattern from the rivets had now faded and almost gone. I gave jasmine a quizzical look and she merely shrugged. I clapped my hands together loudly and pippa jumped in surprise.

"Up, girl, time to start work."

When she didn't move I grabbed a handful of hair and pulled upwards. With a squeal she struggled to her feet.

"When I say up I mean it. You're not here to lie around all day feeling sorry for yourself. You're here to work."

I let her go and pushed her in the direction of the door. Her hands groped behind her trying to untuck her dress.

"Leave that. You will display yourself for the rest of the day. Now wait outside while I speak with jasmine."

After she had slowly left the room I turned to jasmine. "To start with set her to work cleaning the kitchen floor. These first few days will mean extra work for you. I have spoken to your mother and arranged for you to sleep in for the rest of the week at least."

"Of course, Mistress, I'm looking forward to the challenge and I hope I don't let you down."

"Good girl. Now, run along and set her to work."

With a conspiratorial smile she turned and left, grabbing pippa by the arm as she passed and pulling her down the stairs. I sat down on the bed and heaved a sigh. It was going to be a difficult few weeks ahead but I was sure that jasmine and I between us could handle things but really only time would tell.