 Samantha walked into the rustic, bustling coffee shop where she trained her gaze upon a barista who she knew from the spa. Sam was wearing her skin-tight denims with a white, deep V Bow-neckline blouse with ruffles, which caught the glances of all the guys. Her erect nipples pressed against the thin fabric of her sports bra, allowing her firm cleavage to have more definition to all the viewers around. Sam was a headstrong individual who enjoyed sex primarily with younger women, but also couldn't turn away a hot stud with a hard on, if he treated her the right way. The place was bustling for 11am but Sam made direct eye contact with the young barista and she shot a smile back at her but had to attend to her orders.

Samantha owned and managed the only auto repair shop in over a 30 mile radius of the small southwestern town. It was a tough business, but she kept it profitable and knew how to get the most from her workers. Sam was 44, with a hard childhood in her past filled with turmoil. She was determined to keep her body fit and attractive and in the last few years she'd quit smoking and drinking just before she met Valerie. The two women shared a love of the outdoors and made passionate love together for almost six months before Sam's boyfriend at the time, a somewhat successful rock singer and wanna-be photographer, insisted that they all play one evening. Val was adamantly against it and wanted Sam all to herself. Their quick affair died, but it morphed into a good friendship when Val paid her a condolence call after Sam's dad died suddenly a few years ago.

Sam had a rugged body at 5' 10" tall. Her shoulder length, wavy dirty blond hair always hid a pair of diamond studs in her ears. But this woman was no debutante. In this hard luck town she was considered a big boned woman who could punch out most average men if she had to. Sam kept her complexion clean and unfettered of make up and she got noticed by all the hot young women at the spa who knew her reputation for being extremely generous with her tips and her passion for giving great cunnilingus. She had well toned, almost muscular legs and a firm, round butt with an abundant 38 inch bust, which she enjoyed showing off whenever she could. If her walls could talk, they'd be singin' a Willie Nelson song and some of the hard Billy Joel albums too, the crazy stuff after he left Christine.

A tanning and exercise spa had opened nearby and she had signed up to keep her summer tan lines all winter long despite being snowed in a few times! One of the women who worked at the tanning salon had caught Samantha's eye and they began seeing one another. Just about three months ago, Sam was shocked to see the Town Sheriff at her door. Sam was told that her friend Heather had been killed in a bad car accident. Although the two women weren't really that close yet, it hit Samantha hard and she had called Valerie for emotional support right around the time that Jill was feeling better. Valerie mentioned how Jillian had come into her life and was curious if she knew of any employment opportunities around for Jill. 

Samantha had always wanted to step back from the day- to- day chores of running the shop so she was open to trying out Jillian as a temporary manager. Valerie scheduled an interview with her former lover and now close friend Samantha for the following week.

Before addressing the possible hiring of Val's new lover though, Sam had made it a priority to take at least one tough aerobics class a week. She went into her office and changed into her spandex suit and took her gym bag with her and told her cashier who was in effect managing the shop that she'd be back in a few hours at most.

The new gym had taken on a few new staff people and one of them was Elena, a woman who had actually done trained for the Olympics in swimming, but suffered an injury early in her career. Elena was a bit over 5 feet 8 inches and had an exceptional figure for a woman in her early thirties. Her smooth, flawless skin and hourglass shaped body with prominent leg and back muscles, exuded a look of grace and poise. To make a living in the area she taught as many classes as she could, including one in advanced swimming for anyone who was interested. She lived with her girlfriend Sonia, who happened to be the same person Samantha had been ogling at her usual coffee shop. Elena had come from California and was drawn to the Southwest for its solitude and amazing desert and also so she could get away from the pain of a lost love affair.

Elena had lucked out and had almost a full class earlier in the week but this class was going to be smaller and possibly shorter in length due to the schedule.

Three other female clients, all younger women who were looking to lose weight, entered the wood floored room with a large rubber mat covering the center of the room. Samantha took a spot near the back of the room, because she was self-conscious about her older body. She had never taken a class with Elena but had heard about her class from another person who advised her to check it out.

Elena walked in briskly, setting her things aside and plugged in her iPhone to the sound system and played some good home country music to get the ladies loosened up. She barked out orders to her small class, advising them on careful moves and always reminding them to breathe deeper and deeper into the physical work out.

Elena loved the exhilaration of the exercise, getting her blood going and seeing many beautiful women stretch their bodies around. She also enjoyed the part of helping those who were not as attractive as she. The young aerobics instructor noticed Sam in the back of the room immediately and kept her eyes on her as she went through her daily routine of exercises.

At the break, Elena walked over to Samantha and introduced herself. "You're in good shape, I don't think we've met here yet?" Elena said extending her hand.

"Thanks! Hi, I'm Sam. Yes I've heard great things about your class, so here I am!" She said trying to cool off while taking in Elena's presence.

"I'm glad you made it!" Elena said, taking notice of Sam's abundant breasts and proportionate waistline.

I also do swim instruction, one on one, in the swimming trainer at the other health club in town.

"Oh my, really!, I'm a member there and its amazing we haven't seen each other!" I can't swim for shit, but would love to learn sometime, I don't know when I'd fit in the time to get to a pool anyway.

"There's a nice training pool, which is very small and intimate. Its like a rectangular Jacuzzi with a controllable moving current that can really help you adjust to different conditions," Elena beamed at Sam, enticing her to want to take her up on a lesson.

Elena took the chance and gently caressed Sam's bare shoulder and offered her most promising smile.

"Ok, you've got me, when are you available for a lesson? " "How about right after this class? You don't look like you're having a hard time with this work out and I'll make it very good for you and easy too!"

"Hmmnn, well I do have some extra time but I can only do about an hour, "Sure, you're on!"

"They even have extra suits there if you don't have one," Elena reminder her.

After the aerobics class, Sam changed into a black leotard and a loose blouse with a deep V neck that offered a nice view of her luscious breasts. She offered Elena a ride to the other health club a few miles away. The younger swimming instructor wore a pair of tight blue jeans and a tank top under her leather jacket.

In the ride to the other club, Elena couldn't help but notice Samantha's older, yet very hot body. The topic of roommates came up in their small talk and Elena asked if she lived with someone.

"I have a boyfriend, but we don't do that too well, we argue too much," Sam offered. "He's a photographer and sometimes he's just too much to be around, besides I like my privacy, how 'bout you?" Sam queried, throwing it back to the young woman.

"I share a place with another woman who works in town," Elena said, being purposely private.

"Did you know Heather, the instructor who worked there but died in the car crash a few years ago?" Sam asked her casually. "No, But I think I was hired to replace her, actually. I heard really great things about Heather though,"

"We were lovers for a short time, that's why I asked," Sam said and left it at that.

Sam wondered if Elena would be gentle with her, as she really was terribly afraid of drowning. She had never developed any swimming skills and thought of herself as uncoordinated in the water.

"Listen, I'm really nervous about this lesson!" I only decided to take it because you were so good to watch while working out!"

"Ha! That's the first time someone's ever said that to me! "Why you don't think you're an attractive woman?"

"Not many women take notice, that's all."

"I find that hard to believe with that curvaceous body you have," Sam offered as she glanced over while driving.

"Samantha, I'm a good teacher. I will not make fun of anything you do and will give you plenty of time to enjoy the experience also, I promise!"

"I know. I feel that I can trust you." Sam said as they pulled into the lot of the other more upscale club.

At the club, they entered the women's lockers, which at that time of day happened to be empty.

Sam noticed Elena eyeing her as she undressed and got into a borrowed bikini. Samantha's 38D tits were pressed into the suit nicely, her muscular arms and firm legs caught Elena's attention. 

Elena's body was more svelte and firm from her years doing laps and running. She always found herself drawn to slightly older women, even young mothers who had larger breasts than her average 32Cs. But she also knew her thighs and tummy were much tighter than most.

Elena gave Sam a quick basic lesson on how swimming technique and what to look out for when in the pool. She also told her that she would be holding her in place as she kicked her feet and began moving her arms as the water flowed around them.

The water was on the cool side of acceptable but still very pleasurable for Samantha. She felt comfortable with Elena as she adjusted her arms and legs while letting her make some mistakes along the way. Sam liked the way she touched her arms and her attitude, it was very comforting, despite her fear of the water. Elena had an extra custom hair protection cap which was needed but were not as uncomfortable as the standard ones.

The cool temps were making Sam's nipples very hard though and she was sure her abundant nubs were showing, she hoped Elena's would show through too!

"You're doing great, keep those legs kicking while I support your torso as you hold onto the rail," Elena advised.

Soon Elena had Sam kicking and moving her arms correctly while she placed her both hands on Sam's abdomen. She could feel her diaphragm moving up and down as she took breaths. Elena stopped her, told her to stand up and guided Sam's hand to feel her own tummy and how Elena was breathing. Elena faced Sam and took in a few deep but relaxed breaths. Elena kept Sam's hand right between her breasts and then to her tummy and showed her how to regulate her breathing. The two women were only a few inches away from each other during this part of the lesson. Sam was very aroused with her younger instructor and leaned in and took a giant risk and kissed Elena on the lips at the end of an exhale. It was a short but passionate kiss.

"Oh my!" Elena said breathlessly, immediately wanting more, but hesitating just to be careful.

"I shouldn't have I know, but you turned me on so much, with your subtle touch," Sam said, almost expecting to be rejected.

"No, no, I'm glad you kissed me!" Elena admitted.

Elena looked up at the door to see if anyone was looking in. No one was around. She forgot about the cam on the wall. 

Elena looked at Sam and threw both of her arms around Sam and they kissed and fondled each other with adult passion. 

"It's the middle of the afternoon, this place doesn't start getting busy till about 4pm, we'll be ok for a few, lets have some fun!" Elena suggested, when they came up for air.

Sam took off her top and exposed her luscious pert 38D breasts. Her dark brown nipples stood out, their extreme tautness due to the cool temperatures.

"Oh Sam, you've got a beautiful set of breasts! I love women who are full sized, and yours are so yummy!" Elena said, as her tongue surrounded Sam's extended nipple and she swirled her warm tongue around its textured bundle of nerve endings.

"Oh, I love the way you suck my nips really slow, ummnnh," Sam moaned.

Elena loved the sensation of another woman's nipple on her lips and tongue too. She enjoyed giving pleasure to women so much, especially women who would be receptive to some heavy fucking and sucking later on. She could feel the heat coming out of Sam and knew this was a red-letter day for sure!

"Oh Elena, I want you to take me now!" Elena stripped off the suit, showing off her shaved muff and the two women fingered each other as they kissed, this time with extremely more passion. Tongues exchanged fluids as arms were squeezed and caressed. Breasts were pressed against each other, thighs stroked with loving hands.

"I was getting so aroused in my aerobics class watching you, Sam! You turned me on from my first glance!"

"Suck me here, right here, I can't wait for your tongue on my clit any longer!," Sam whispered into her ear as they kissed again.

Sam pulled herself out of the small pool and sat on the edge and spread her thighs for the young woman. Elena gladly went down on her, slowly parting her swollen labia and placed her tastey clit into her wanting mouth. Sam had a very prominent clit which usually stood out almost an inch from her vulva with its pink wet nub and Elena's tongue found it instantly.

"Ommmngg, yes Elena!" Sam winced in obvious lust as this young woman found her most sensitive spot. Sam caressed her shoulders with one hand and fondled her full breast with the other as she balanced herself on the edge of the pool.

In a dark control room where the training pool temperatures and water flow were monitored regularly, a beautiful young woman glanced down at the grainy color monitor and fondled her naked tits as she watched the two women suck each other. 

"It's a tough job, but someone's got to do it," Shayla whispered to herself as she enjoyed the voyeuristic aspect of her job.

Shayla was a sensuous mix of Mexican and Iranian cultures. She was a beautiful, olive skinned woman who possessed a beautiful personality. She was 5ft 2 but had the most amazing set of breasts which she loved to play with while doing her job. She was not raised in a religious house, so she could show her body and she knew women, especially older women were her preference.

Elena continued to suck on Sam's pussy, suckling her stiff clit into a frenzied lather while she finger fucked her with two digits and caressed her bobbing tits as Sam laid back and took in the pleasurable experience.

"Oh babe, you suck me so good, ummnngh, yes!" Sam moaned as she looked down at Elena's experienced tongue and fingers working on her.

Sam knew she needed to take this woman home and complete the night with her, so they could fuck and suck until they became so filled with lesbian lust they fell over and slept.

"Lets rub our clits together now, Elena if we both get in the water, I'm sure you can position yourself and rub your lovely clit on mine," Sam suggested.

"Oh I so love clit to clit rubbing!" Elena exclaimed as she helped Sam back into the swirling waters. They were both naked and Elena had Sam twist her torso so that her their legs could intertwine and their submerged clits were joined in the warm surge of the training pool. Sam held onto Elena as the younger woman almost mounted her and found her level of desire for this hot woman increase exponentially as their time together increased. "Oh fuck me Elena, fuck me with you lovely clit, make me cum, dear, yeah,oh nice, right there, yes harder, HARDER, yes , YES , ohhhmmmmcuuumminngh!" Sam cried out as her rolling orgasm overtook her entire body. Her legs shook as Elena ground her clit deeper and felt the warmth of this older woman's intense orgasm roll through her too.

Upstairs in the darkened cinder block room, only illuminated by the color screen, Shayla shoved the rubber dildo in her horny pussy as she massaged her swollen clit with her free hand. She was so aroused by the two women fucking in training pool number 7 on her watch. The voluptuous woman leaned back in the padded chair and felt her climax approaching as she feverishly fucked herself while massaging that special spot on her clit. "Oh fuck, yeah, suck her sweet cunt!" Shayla cried to the screen as Elena went down on Samantha once more after they fucked each other's pussies.

Shayla left a nice amount of her cumjuices on the chair for the next guy who was due into the monitor room in a few minutes. Shayla had an idea as she watched the women get dressed and head back to the lockers.

Back in the locker room, Elena and Samantha took a shower to enjoy each other's body once again. This time they were not alone. Shayla got to the showers about the same time as the two women and planned to join them. She walked into the community style showers and went to a place clearly in their vision and started fingering her moist clit as she watched the two women kiss and fondle one another. Sam noticed her right away and despite her compact size, noticed how puffy her vulva looked. She definitely had been fucking something or someone and her labia was totally open and looked very alluring to the older woman. Sam invited her over and the Shayla introduced herself and told Elena she should be more careful about what happens in her lessons.

"You were spying on us the entire time?" Elena asked incredulously.

Shayla smiled back and told her not to worry, they didn't record anything up there.

Elena was impressed with Shayla's lovely body too as Sam invited them all back to her spacious home to have some serious fun together.

The morning came too quickly for three women two of whom knew worked together from time to time. Elena was offered a ride back to her apartment by Shayla after the three of them had a loving night of sucking and heavy pussy pounding. 

Shayla loved fucking older women and had mounted Samantha's cunt and plowed her deep and hard a few times, leaving the older woman totally sore that morning.

Elena was a bit jealous of Shayla's boldness and her subtle sensuality which was probably from her mid eastern roots. Nevertheless, Elena was also very aroused by the woman but wanted Sam more to herself the next time around.

Sam woke alone, her two transient lovers had split for their respective jobs that weekday morning. She called her shop and told her employee that she was coming in soon.

Looking in the mirror, Sam fondled her abundant breasts and looked down to her flowering pussy which had a supreme workout only a few hours earlier. She had spurted her juices on both women as they licked and sucked her so elegantly and yet with lustful energies she had not experienced in months.

Sam remembered she promised Val to give her girlfriend and new housemate, a job interview for a job of managing the busy auto shop while Sam took care of her other "important affairs."

Jill was excited at the opportunity to bring in some cash and pay back Valerie for all that she'd done for her. By the time Jill started the job, the two women were very comfortable living together and respected each other in a very spiritual way. Valerie understood that she was vouching for Jillian's character and was taking a bit of risk, but she believed she was in love with Jillian and by then their sexual relationship had taken off for an entire new dimension of pleasure.
