 My apologies to all my reader for the inadvertant change of name half way though the last chapter. How or why that happened I know not. I have decided to stay with the new name of 'jasmine' as this is in keeping with the twist within this new chapter. I hope you will all forgive me.

*****

I woke the next morning feeling just a little jaded but was pleasantly surprised by the sound of activity from the kitchen. Looking at the clock told me there were ten minutes before my morning tea was due so I snuggled back under the covers. Beside me Sophia grunted and moulded herself into me. It wasn't long before I detected movement by the bed and looked up to see janice holding my customary tray. Thoughtfully this time she had included extra cups. I gently sat up trying not to disturb Sophia.

"Good morning, jasmine, and how are you this morning?"

"A little tired, Miss."

"We will all have a nice easy day. Nothing arduous for you I can assure you. Is Miss Tamsin awake yet?"

"No, Miss, I slipped out without waking her."

"Best leave her to sleep," I said, "as well as Miss Sophia." I glanced at the sleeping figure beside me and eased myself out of her arms and sat on the edge of the bed. Jasmine passed me my robe.

"Bring the tray downstairs," I told her, "I'll take my tea in the kitchen today." I walked out leaving her to follow behind me. At the kitchen table I slowly sipped my tea and inspected jasmine. Today she had finally worked out where I wanted her neckline.

"You have dressed correctly today, jasmine, well done."

"I wasn't sure if you would want it this way or as I wore it last night, Miss. I hope I acted correctly."

"As you are now will be fine. I was very pleased with you last night, you did everything I wished you to do and maybe a little more. I hope you didn't find it too taxing."

"Oh no, Miss, I enjoyed serving you and the other Misses."

At this moment Tamsin came in looking more than a little haggard closely followed by Sophia. Tamsin at least had chosen to put a robe on whereas Sophia, typically for her was still happily naked. They sat down in silence and jasmine poured them each a cup of tea. I got up, put some toast on as well as some boiling water ready to poach eggs. Breakfast is the one meal I am loathe to leave to someone else to prepare. It's a little quirk of mine. Eventually I handed out eggs on toast to my two guests with a third helping for myself. I put a fourth egg and a round of toast into a bowl and placed it on the floor next to my chair and motioned jasmine to kneel next to me. She could eat with us today as a reward for her good behaviour yesterday. One by one we finished and pushed out plates away. In a weak whisper Sophia muttered "Any chance of a coffee?" I looked down at jasmine who sprang to her feet and started to make a pot.

"Shall we go into the lounge?" I invited to Tamsin and Sophia. They followed me as I left the kitchen. In the lounge we flopped down onto the sofas until jasmine appeared with an elegant tray of coffee which she served before returning to the kitchen.

Tamsin sipped her coffee. "Fuck she's good," she said summoning up a grin, "last night she was ... wow! I might try and steal her off you."

"Just you dare try," I said, "I have plans for her."

Little did I know then the strange twist my plan would take.

Eventually Tamsin and Sophia, now more suitably dressed, called a taxi and left. I left jasmine to make some lunch of a simple salad while I lazed in the lounge. I did very little for the rest of the day and jasmine somehow kept herself busy doing I know not what. Towards the end of the day I called her in. She stood quietly in front of me.

"I was very pleased with you last night," I said, "you performed all your duties very well and I have a suspicion that you enjoyed doing so."

She blushed a deep red. "You can go early today and you will be paid extra for the effort you put in yesterday. You may go now."

Oddly she remained rooted to the floor and I looked at her and raised an eyebrow.

"Is there something else, jasmine?"

"May I ask a question please, Miss?" I nodded my assent. "Errr it's a bit awkward, Miss, but ... I have a friend. She is also looking for a post as a maid."

"Go on," I said beginning to become intrigued.

"She is the same age as me, Miss, but very timid. She's a hard worker that much I can promise you." A long hesitation followed before finally, "could she come and work for you, alongside or under me? She wouldn't want much in wages and it would be good training for her."

I sat quietly looking at jasmine. The idea of the pair of them tickled my fancy. What a sight to show off to visitors.

"Is she as pretty as you?"

"Most people would say so, Miss. Her name is maria. If you could just see her and talk with her, Miss."

"Bring her with you tomorrow," I said, "but I'm not promising anything, is that understood?

"Oh yes, Miss, Thank you so much, Miss."

With that I sent her on her way. I settled back with a glass of wine and contemplated the unexpected turn of events.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I woke the next morning a little later than usual to find jasmine already kneeling beside the bed, her hands neatly folded in her lap. I sat up and smiled at her.

"Good morning, Miss."

"Good morning, jasmine. Tea first I think then we can talk."

She obediently stood up and poured a cup of tea and brought it to me before kneeling once more. I sipped it quietly and could just detect the sounds of activity from downstairs.

"Is someone in the kitchen, jasmine?" I asked.

"My friend maria, Miss. She has come to meet you as I promised, Miss."

"Good." I said, "Inspection first." I looked at her closely and the neckline was properly in place today. "Lift your skirt." She did so without fuss or embarrassment. Her pussy was freshly shaved. "Good girl."

"Thank you, Miss, I am trying to please you."

I put down my empty cup. "I will have a bath first and then bring her to me in the lounge in an hour. I will speak to her then."

"Yes, Miss." She stood up and left me in peace. I heard the sound of running water as she prepared my bath and then her soft footsteps retreating down the stairs.

After a leisurely bath I wandered down and into the lounge calling for coffee to be served on my way past the kitchen. I sat in my usual place on the sofa while jasmine put a cup of fresh coffee on the low table.

"You may bring her in now."

"Yes, Miss."

After a short wait jasmine reappeared leading a very frightened looking girl not by the hand as I had expected but by a tight grip on her wrist. She was also carrying a uniform set in anticipation of my plans which she placed on the arm of the other sofa opposite. The girl was small and obviously nervous. She had a pretty face and very black hair with the touch of the continental in her features. Jasmine stood her in front of me and then stepped back slightly.

"Name?"

The girl blushed and stammered, "Maria."

Jasmine stepped forward and hissed in her ear, "Miss."

"I'm s-sorry. Maria, Miss."

"And why do you want to work for me?"

"I ... err ... want to train as a lady's maid, Miss."

"But I already have jasmine who is excellent. Why do I need another?"

"I -I'm a hard worker, Miss, and willing."

I turned to jasmine. "Your wages will have to do for both of you. I trust you can share it equitably between you?"

"It is very generous for just me, Miss, so is enough for the both of us."

"And you have explained her duties to her?"

"Most of them, Miss, I thought you could explain the more unusual ones to her as the need arises."

I turned back to maria. "Well it seems that since I am getting two pairs of hands for the price of one I am prepared to give you a trial."

Maria blushed and briefly I thought she was going to curtsey or bow. Then she stammered out, "Th-thank you, M-Miss."

"Now a uniform. You know you will have to wear one and I see jasmine has had the foresight to look one out. Please strip."

She blushed and her eyes widened and for a moment I thought she would run but then a surprising thing happened that I had not expected. Jasmine stepped forward and slapped her hard across the cheek and whispered to her, "do it, bitch, like I told you." Then she stepped back. Maria stood there with a shocked expression on her face and her hand to her stinging cheek then slowly reached behind her and unzipped her dress. I was still in shock at jasmine's action as I watch maria slowly let her dress fall to the floor. Underneath she wore a simple white cotton bra and matching panties. She lifted her dress off the floor and jasmine snatched it from her and threw it on the floor behind her. Again maria hesitated and I waited wondering what jasmine would to this time. With no warning she stepped forward and landed a very loud smack on the girl's backside. 

"Do as Miss tells you, bitch," and then to me, "sorry Miss she's usually very obedient."

I smiled as maria reached behind herself and unclipped her bra revealing a pair of nice neat B sized breasts with large nipples. The bra followed the dress onto the floor. Lastly, and very nervously, her panties were lowered and she stepped out of them. She stood cowering in front of me trying unsuccessfully to cover herself. Again jasmine stepped forward and, grabbing maria's wrists, forced them down by her sides.

"Isn't she pretty, Miss? And these ..." cupping the girl's breasts, "... are lovely."

I looked maria up and down. "She needs a shave," I said tersely.

"I'm sorry, Miss, I'll make sure she has one before tomorrow."

Time to take back control. I stood up and jasmine took a step back as I approached the frightened maria. I stroked the cheek where jasmine had slapped her. It was warm to the touch. I cupped her breasts and then took hold of both nipples. They were hard and erect. She gave a little squeal when I pinched them between my thumb and forefinger. I traced a hand over her tummy and between her legs. I could already feel the moisture on her lips which was encouraging. I slowly walk round her. Examining her in detail. Her bottom still showed the red handprint from her earlier smack. I sat back down on the sofa.

"put the uniform on, maria, let me see how good you look."

Jasmine held out the uniform dress for maria to step into. She squeezed it over her hips and somehow managed to get the front fastened. I always love a maid, or any girl for that matter, trying to squeeze herself into a dress. Jasmine stepped forward and shifted the neckline as I liked it and then again stepped back to show maria in all her glory. She really would make a lovely addition to our household, and for no extra charge. Briefly I wondered how much of jasmine's wage would find its way to maria but that was no longer of my concern. Jasmine fixed the white apron around maria's waist and carefully positioned the little cap on top of her head.

"Very nice," I commented, "now, do you have work to do in the kitchen?"

"Y-y-es, Miss."

"Then go and get to it. I wish to speak with jasmine alone."

She almost ran from the room before I could change my mind. I turned to jasmine.

"Well, what was that all about, jasmine?" I asked.

"All what, Miss?"

"All the slapping and spanking."

"I've known maria a long time, Miss and she always responds better with a slap. I think she enjoys it, Miss."

"And you, I am guessing, enjoy doing it to her."

She blushed before admitting that she did.

"So you are Domme and she is sub?"

She looked puzzled before replying, "I'm not sure what that means, Miss."

"She is submissive and obedient to you while you dominate her."

"I think I understand, Miss. I think so."

"And how far do you take it?" I asked, becoming more and more fascinated.

"I sometimes put her over my knee like a child and spank her, Miss," her face turning red as she admitted it.

"And she enjoys it?"

"She sometimes becomes ... err ... wet, Miss."

"Interesting," I said, pondering the possibilities. "she was a little slick when I felt her earlier. But you are an enigma, jasmine. You are dominant over her and yet submissive to me."

"I enjoy the way you treat me, Miss but I also love having maria doing whatever I tell her."

"Don't let me catch you lazing about while she does all the work."

"Oh no, Miss, I wouldn't do that."

"Make sure you don't," I said sternly, "now go and fetch her in I want to test her a little."

She left the room returning shortly again towing maria by the wrist. I pointed to a spot on the carpet just in front of me. She stood obediently her eyes fixed downwards. 

"Turn around and then kneel down," I ordered her.

She looked confused but turned her back to me and knelt down.

"Head down," I said sharply.

Slowly she bent forward and lowered her head onto the carpet, lifting her bottom into the air. Beneath her short dress I could just glimpse what appeared to be a wet pussy. I reached forward and flicked her dress over her waist. My suspicions were correct, her juices were already starting to ooze out of her. Her pale cheeks were marked only by a single red handprint. I leant forward and stroked it softly. It felt warm to the touch. Her other cheek, when I stroked that felt cool.

"A nice mark of a hand don't you think, maria? I'm sure jasmine is pleased with her efforts."

"Y-y-yes, Miss," her voice muffled by the thick carpet.

"But so much nicer if it was balanced by another, I'm sure you'd agree. Jasmine, would you oblige me?" I asked smiling at her.

She quickly moved to kneel at maria's side and gently massaged the unblemished cheek before delivering a hefty SMACK which made maria cry out with the sudden shock. Jasmine looked at me for approval. A second red print slowly developed on the pale skin.

"I think you'll have to renew the first one now, jasmine."

She grinned at me and swung her arm again. SMACK! Another yelp from maria.

"And I think two more on each side for good measure."

A muscle was twitching in maria's calf as jasmine lifted her hand high. SMACK! This time a sob came up from the carpet. SMACK! The sound of soft crying. SMACK! SMACK! Jasmine knelt back waiting for further orders. 

"Kneel up maria, and turn round to face me." 

Slowly she straightened up and shuffled round on her knees. There were tears in her eyes and her makeup had run. She looked down avoiding my eyes.

"See if she is wet, jasmine. I suspect she might be."

Jasmine leant forward and felt between her thighs. Her fingers emerged shining and slick with pussy juice which she held up for me to see.

"It seems you are a bit of a slut, maria. Becoming aroused by being spanked. Is that what you are?"

"I-If you s-s-say so, Miss."

"Oh I do, maria but I want to hear you admit it. What are you?"

"A s-s-slut, Miss."

I turned to jasmine. "Take her away and get her cleaned up, she looks a mess. And no playing with her, understand?"

"Yes, Miss."

She stood up and tugged the hapless maria to her feet by a handful of hair and pulled her from the room. I sat back on the sofa. What an interesting morning it had been. I started to make plans for the future.