 On the long journey across the state, Val thought about her new relationship with Jill and how she had cleaned up in such a short amount of time.  Val thought that maybe Samantha her new boss, and Val's former lover, may try to seduce her to having sex and Val could be okay with that if it didn't break up the relationship.  Val had been getting second thoughts about letting Jill stay with her and knew that she had to be honest with her when she got back about her doubts when she returned.  As much as she desired Jillian, she thought that her own desires for older more mature women may become a problem with her own ability to be in a monogamous relationship.  Besides, she knew Samantha would make a move on her and probably seduce her into something, but as much as Val cared about Jill, she wasn't sure that Jill really wanted to be with her long term.

Valerie had hired an attorney from a prestigious firm that knew all about land rights, mineral and oil mining and the environmental impacts of all.  She chose the firm carefully, but was assigned a lawyer by the firm and was pleasantly surprised when it turned out to be a very attractive young bi racial woman.  Yvette  had been on the job for only a few years and was one of just a few "head turners" in a law firm that mostly dealt with acquiring land from individuals so that oil and gas companies could either plant a pipeline or drill for gas or oil.  In this case, the company was hired to represent the landowner, and make sure that Val got the proper compensation for the mineral rights. 

Yvette had been raised in Chicago and was still single at 33. She had moved to Denver to seek new challenges and while she realized that her skills doing community work on the South Side of her home town had its advantages, she hoped that meeting new people and helping others in the west could also prove to be enjoyable.  Her shapely body, toned by endless yoga and swimming workouts was also very strong but not overly muscular.  She tolerated her hair being straight but secretly she wanted it back in braids and with an outlandish color like pink or purple.
Her style of dressing had to be corporate  but she favored wearing tight fitting blouses with no bra so she could show off her rather large nipples.  In many ways she had a dancer's body, long shapely legs and small breasts.  She knew men were straining to see her wiggle down the street, but not so secretly, she checked out many of the women's faces who paid her some mind in the course of her day.  Yvette had  totally accepted her decision to be lesbian and enjoyed every minute of it, and didn't take any shit from anyone who knew her preference.  She was a bit apprehensive about meeting her client today, she was always more comfortable with older, dowdy looking women but heard from her office that Valerie was quite an attractive, smart woman with a keen sense of business knowledge.  The lawyer glanced at the clock and realized it was exactly the time that Valerie has said she'd be there, and suddenly there was  soft knock on the door.


Yvette opened the door to find Valerie standing there with her files in her hand and a coffee in the other. "Hello, are you...?" Valerie seemed speechless at the sight of the young woman.

"Why hello, you must be my client Valerie?   I'm Yvette, please come in and take a seat at my short but convenient conference table!"  Yvette was stunned by this attractive, Native American woman.  But she had been warned that Valerie was all business and would demand the best representation in this very important meeting in a few hours.  She wasn't expecting a stunningly beautiful woman as her client.

"Can I get you something to drink, a coffee or something stronger?"
"Thanks, I had a snack after I unpacked and freshened up for the meeting."

After a lengthy introduction by Valerie about how she was raised and how she inherited the property, Yvette explained how the negotiation would probably go.  She had worked with the company that sought the rights before, and was confident she could get the company to pay a justified amount for access to the mineral rights.

Yvette looked at her watch and they still had a good ninety minutes before they were to meet the other attorneys in a conference room on another floor.   

Valerie and Yvette began chatting  about how they were raised as children.  They shared about there early adolescence and college.  Yvette was in awe of how Valerie was raised by her parents,  self taught and yet very disciplined.  How this smart and attractive Native American had taken some courses in California one year but despite everything going for her, had to come back home.  She had planned to major in business, but was called back to take care of her ill parents.   Yvette totally identified with the family demands as her sister was disabled and her parents passed early on, leaving Yvette to care for her.  Valerie  saw the hints of a relationship here but knew to keep it professional for the next few hours anyway.   

Yvette couldn't stop staring at Valerie's firm body, her subtle coffee colored skin was so arousing to the young lawyer.
You know Val, can I call you Val?"
"Please," She said looking deep in her new friend's eyes, she wondered what Yvette did for fun and if it ever involved getting intimate with another woman.

The women found that they had much in common about their tastes in food and clothes too.

"I got these winter boots in a store in Arizona a few months ago, I love the color and the design, the price wasn't too steep either!" Yvette shared.  As she showed her newest boots off the attractive lawyer hiked up her skirt trying to see what reaction she'd get from her new client.
Valerie took the casual look but surprised Yvette when she ran her two fingers up her stockings and caressed the young lawyer's thigh as she felt the material and pattern.  The unsuspected sense of Val's touch made the experienced litigator blush and feel very aroused for  a few seconds.  

"The boots are nice, but I LOVE that pattern you're wearing with those stockings, are they comfortable?" Valerie asked innocently after she caressed the young lawyer's leg. 

Their eyes met for a few seconds, which seemed longer because they both sensed a mutual desire to go for something deeper, but the moment passed and Val backed away.

Yvette was thrown a curve. Val's touch was so alarmingly sensual and yet very innocuous.  She wanted the woman to touch her again, but she couldn't risk the chance of any physical contact before such an important negotiation. 

"Oh, I, I, really don't remember where I got those,but aren't they really cool!" She managed to stumble out, sort of complimenting her own taste.
"Well, Im going to go back to my room and freshen up a bit more, its been a long drive here and you can see we're going to get some snow this evening, so I'm not going anywhere tomorrow,  I 'll see you in a bit, in the conference room on the mezzanine."

Valerie got up and walked out of Yvette's room, showing her very special slow walk to highlight her exceptional figure. 

"It was a pleasure meeting you, Valerie, see you soon!"  Yvette said, as she watched her hot client walk out  of her door.  She wished she could've told her how aroused she was at that moment, but was professional to a fault. So many chances to meet an exciting woman had been lost to moments like this in her life.  The door closed and Yvette felt her breasts which were ever so sensitive to even her own touch as fondled her extended nip and felt her damp panties. She wondered if she'd ever get a second chance to meet Val again as she gathered her papers for the conference.

Val looked in the bathroom mirror as she adjusted her blouse.  She couldn't make up her mind  to change into her fishnets and a shorter more revealing skirt with a ribbed sleeveless cotton top which showed off her curved shoulders, or just wear the simple blouse she had on with her everyday stockings.   She pulled out a matching jacket just in case along with her stacks of papers in her carrying bag.   She thought about Yvette's body as she touched herself.  What would that woman feel like up close, and could she enjoy being with such a dominant woman who was constantly on the move, and being courted by men and other women?  Val wondered if she could handle that amount of commitment in a relationship.  Before she got into her skirt she fondled her moist clit and wondered what Yvette's tongue would feel like, it made her wet just to go there.  Val let those crazy sexual thoughts escape from her mind as she recalled how much she preferred older more mature women who had
been with men but preferred the taste of a woman now.

A few minutes later the two female attorney's for each side of the negotiation were seated opposite each other and conversing cordially as they sipped the complimentary coffee the hotel had supplied.  Yvette heard the conference door open and looked up to see as Valerie entered wearing her shorter mini skirt with the black fishnets.  She walked in with determination, her gait exuded an aura of  dominance and authority.  Yvette couldn't  believe how sensuous a client she had landed this time around.  Sharon looked up slowly as she tried to avert her eyes from this beautiful woman, but could not.

Yvette introduced everyone to each other and the negotiation began.

Sharon didn't notice Val's gaze at first, but for Val time stood still as she took in this amazingly sexy  woman's appearance.  For a woman in her early forties, her complexion was flawless and her figure offered a very spicy appeal for any person who enjoyed full breasts and a lovely ass.  Her outfit fit her almost perfectly, a bit snug, but colorful in a solid Fall orange color, with a nice V neckline that showed off her cleavage, just enough to titillate.

At the negotiation table, Yvette was a skilled lawyer and knew how to wrangle the best deal for her clients.  The holding company that wanted the rights was a front for one of the world's largest petroleum companies.  They knew would have to pay dearly for the mineral rights, but still wanted to make it look like they got a great deal.   

Sharon, a high priced LA attorney was representing the holding company and was known to be a tough negotiator.  Val thought about what was happening here and realized that for the first time in her career,  only women were arguing for and against another female client in a posh hotel conference room.  It felt good that there were no men present to alter the dynamics of the situation with their attitudes of domination and phony testosterone-based posturing.

Sharon was a very successful woman in her field but at the expense of having a broken family.  She divorced her husband after she discovered him having an affair with another man.  It didn't really undermine her faith in marriage as much as it hurt her sexually.  She still  missed his hot body and even considered offering herself as part of a threesome with another woman, to try to woo him back to heterosexuality, to no avail.  In the months following, she was in a different city almost every other week for days on end, working late into the night and spending too much money on local masseuses to take care of her aching feet and other sexual needs.  Her dependence  on commercial sex workers who happened to be lesbians, became obvious to her and she slowly realized the shift in her sexuality from totally hetero to more women-centered bisexual.

Val looked on with studied interest as Sharon dueled with Yvette on the wording of the final agreement which was going to make Val a very rich woman if any significant oil or gas was discovered on her land.  The quick pace of the negotiation was spell binding to Val, and before she realized what had transpired, she was being advised to sign off on the agreement.   The two women packed up their briefcases and began bantering about the weather which was becoming an issue for travel.  Another major early spring snow storm was about to slam Denver and shut the airport for a time.  

"I don't know about you ladies, but I'm heading to the hotel sauna for a few hours," Sharon stated.  She removed her heels and rubbed her feet, her black stockings showing an ample amount of very firm leg which Val noticed immediately.

"That sounds like a great idea, do mind if I join you?" 

"Any room for a third?" Val asked almost timidly.

"Of course!"  They all laughed and they headed back to their respective rooms to meet in a few minutes at the mezzanine level where the hotel had an indoor pool and work out room with a large sauna.

Sharon was the first to arrive at the sauna. Upon arriving at the door she was surprised to see a large sheet of paper telling all patrons it was closed for maintenance until next week!   A few moments later Yvette and Val showed up together both just wearing loose fitting tops and shorts and were really angry when they discovered that their expensive hotel could not keep its sauna open.

"Time to go to Plan B ladies! I know a masseuse literally around the corner from here who does great work and happens to have a large jacuzzi in her place too. It not as good as a sauna but she's a wonderful person and I've recommended her to many clients in the Denver area,"  Sharon was always in this town and had a few special numbers for pleasure seeking logged in her phone.

Sharon found the number on her  mobile device and in a few seconds was invited to bring her party of three over for consecutive massages and unlimited use of the jacuzzi for the afternoon.

"That's great Sharon, lets meet in the lobby in five!"  Yvette suggested as they walked briskly back to their respective rooms to gather their stuff.

Sharon's room happened to be two doors away from Val's and the two women walked back slowly to gather their things.  Val couldn't help but but notice Sharon's abundant breasts in the elevator.  She wondered if she had to have her bra's made custom for those huge melons.  And how distracting that must be to the guys in those boardrooms, not to mention women who loved to ogle other women's breasts!

Just a few minutes later they entered the High Mileage Massage club and were introduced to Desiree.   This vibrant, attractive woman stood at 5 feet 10 with a very muscular and yet voluptuous physique. She resembled a famous actress who played a fertility therapist on a popular evening episodic drama series.   Desiree was a very attractive women with long muscular legs and a set of natural large breasts that she loved to show off as much as she could to her female clients.  She considered herself bi, but preferred women and her back room which was adjacent to the changing room functioned as storage area for hundreds of sex toys, every kind of strap on and vibrator ever made was in that room! 

Her soft  seductive smile accented by her natural high cheekbones and a flawless olive brown complexion, complimented by the latest Chanel fragrances, gave this woman a fantastic feminine allure. She'd been raised in the favelas of Rio where she'd been exposed to many transsexuals women and gay men who had affected her sexual attitudes and style.  Her Brazilian culture and her love for hot sex with both men and women made this woman very popular in the closed underground culture of this mid western town.   Sharon had used Desiree's massage services before and the Brazilian woman had serviced  many her high end clients.  Her staff  gave excellent massages and their other talents were known throughout the corporate grapevine.

 In her parlor, Desiree almost always wore a bright gold satin robe which did a good job of hiding her fantastic body, but if no men were around, she would  open it and show off her bodacious body with her 36D tits and a very round butt that was  always hidden by a black or purple thong.

"Ladies welcome to my massage parlor, because of the storm I had many cancellations and can actually take one of you right away if one of you want a nice massage?"  Desiree had a very pleasant easy going way about her that attracted women and men alike to her.

"Oh, sure I'll  take you up on that massage," Yvette said as she was directed to the
 massage room by Desiree.

"So Desiree, Its ok if Valerie and I use your Jacuzzi for a bit, while we wait for your massage?" Sharon asked the sexy proprietor.

"Of course dear, and there's some wine in the fridge over there, and some snack food too, please help yourselves!"  Desiree was so charming to everyone who came into her business.

"Follow me Val, I'll show you the changing room, this is fun place and its a very safe. Most likely we can stay as long as we want.  Desiree may even join us in the pool later for some fun!" Sharon lead Val and  into the changing room of the opulently furnished massage parlor.

Sharon was glad that Yvette took Desiree up on the first massage, because she wanted Val all to herself for a while.  As soon as Sharon closed the door behind them in the changing area which was a bit spartan considering the upscale decor of the rest of the parlor, the older woman made her move. 

As Val looked at the walls adorned with every type of sex toy for women, Sharon moved quickly and spun her around and kissed her passionately, their breasts pressed tightly against  their work clothes affirmed that they needed to get naked quickly.  Sharon caressed Val's soft face and  arms while Val got a quick touch of those lovely orbs which she desperately wanted to see in the flesh.

"Oh my, you really surprised me!" Val said as she began peeling off her clothes.

  Sharon took off her top quickly, revealing her lovely ample breasts.   Her thick brown nipples stood out in anticipation.  She turned towards Val and helped her out of her mini dress and sweater with a plunging neck line that had shown  a good amount of her naturally tanned cleavage.

"Oh Sharon, you've got such a lovely body, especially your lovely breasts!"  Val exclaimed as she approached her and caressed those 
sumptuous tits.

"I caught you eye ballin' my tits in that elevator a few minutes ago, Miss Val," Sharon said in a poor imitation of a Southern accent.  She wanted to pounce on her hot flesh and suck her dark pussy really badly.

Val had turned her back to Sharon for a moment but countered, "I'm not going to deny admiring your hot body before, Sharon!  I haven't been with someone with your dimensions is awhile!"

"Why thank you Valerie, they love to be touched and sucked, especially by gorgeous women like yourself!"

Val  slipped her hand around her waist and kissed Sharon on the lips, this time Val took the lead.  Her hungry hands found one of Sharon's tits as she caressed and tweaked the hard nipple to a more aroused state.  She pulled away from their tongue exchange and ran her sharp tongue around Sharon's aureola, and flicked gingerly at her lovely stiff nipple before pursing it between her tight lips.  Sharon loved women who were aggressive with a creative tongue.

"Oh yes, Ummmnn,  I love that," Moaned Sharon.

The older woman led her younger companion's lips up to her own for another round of passion- filled embraces and saliva sharing. 
Sharon loved this kind of passion and lived for these special moments in her life.  She wondered if Valerie would be open to a real relationship even if she couldn't see her every month, Sharon had never been with someone as intelligent and sexy since her marriage had failed.

"Finger my pussy, Val.  I'm really wet already, and you know you got me that way!" 

"I cant wait to suck your pussy Sharon, I've been thinkin' of what your pussy would taste like, during all of that negotiation!"

"I saw your stares in that meeting, but didn't know you enjoyed women as much as I do," 

"Well, now you know.  I also love that you're a successful attorney and have a great job and travel around, it must be fun!"  Val said as she continued to caress and fondle the older woman.
