 I first saw her at the pool the week after high school graduation. Two of my friends and I were there just to hang out, swim a little, and basically check out the guys. The three of us walked past the lounge chair where she was sitting and reading. I think I was the only one who noticed her, so after we were safely past I asked who she was. Nobody knew, and since it's a pretty small town we just assumed she was visiting. My friends didn't seem interested at all, but there was something about her that caught my eye. I decided to cruise past again when I was alone.

About a half hour later, after another short swim, we were all laying on our towels, getting some sun but mostly being bored. I got up, said I'd be back, and casually walked around the pool to where she was sitting. I stopped in front of her lounge chair and pretended to be scanning the pool for someone. When I turned away from the pool I saw that she was looking at me.

I said "Hi," kind of shyly. She smiled but didn't say anythiing. So I asked if she was visiting. 

"Nope, I just moved here," she said. "I'm Amanda."

"I'm Nicky," I replied.

"Is that short for Nicole?"

"Yeah, that's what everybody calls me though".

"Well then, hello Nicole." 

She stood up, reached out and - to my surprise - shook my hand. I think I blushed a little bit.

"Those your friends?" she asked, nodding across the pool. "I saw you guys walk by before."

"Yeah, we just graduated, all going off to college in the Fall; we've been friends since kindergarten. I can't believe we're 18 and still friends! How about you? Do you go to school?"

"Cool. Yeah, going into my Junior year in college, right here in town. My parents just got hired there as professors so I'm transferring."

By this time I knew my friends would be looking at me and wondering what was up. But I didn't want to leave. 

"Well, nice to meet you Nicole. I'm sure I'll see you around." She gave me a warm smile and sat back down, so I pretty much had to walk away.

"Bye Amanda," I said as I walked back around to my friends. I told them about the conversation. I left out one part, though. I realized as I was talking to them that I blushed because I had a sudden intense feeling. I really wanted to be with Amanda more than with my friends or even any of the cute guys.

That night in bed, I replayed the whole scene in my mind, and I felt as if I blushed all over again. I'd had a couple of boyfriends, but I couldn't remember ever feeling the same attraction that I felt for Amanda. I so wanted to see her again.

The next afternoon I went back to the pool, this time alone. My friends both had part-time jobs and had to work. I walked in and there she was, sitting in the same chair, reading. As I stood there wondering what to do, she looked up, saw me, and waved. So I went over to her chair and said an embarassed "Hi."

"Hi Nicole. I was hoping you'd be here. No friends today?"

"No, they're working. I thought I'd just come alone."

"I'm glad you did." She flashed that warm smile and pointed to an empty chair next to her. "Have a seat." 

I did just that, and we talked about college for a while. When I had smeared sunscreen everywhere, Amanda asked if I wanted to go for a swim. Of course I said yes. 

She stood up, kicked off her flip-flops, and pulled her shirt off over her head. She had brown eyes, short dirty blond hair, long legs, and was wearing a bright blue two-piece bathing suit. The top was cut very low and I could see that she had full breasts, not overly big, just beautiful. I tried not to stare, but I couldn't believe how gorgeous she was. I also had on a two-piece, white with pink polka dots, but it was a little bit more modest than hers.

We walked over to the pool and tested the water, then she grabbed my hand and we jumped in together, laughing at how cold it was as we came up for air. We swam out to the middle, which was pretty empty at this time of day. Swim lessons were over and the afternoon crowd had only started drifting in. So we just hung out in the pool and talked. Since her parents had a lot of prep work to do for the fall, she was pretty much on her own for the summer. She didn't seem to mind that at all.

As we floated side by side, just enjoying the sun and the water, she reached out and took my hand. I felt a rush of excitement but didn't say a word. She said "You're very pretty you know."

"Really? Thanks. But I think you're beautiful!" 

She squeezed my hand. "Let's get out."

Back at the chairs, as we dried off, she asked if I had a boyfriend.

"No. I did, but nothing serious. He turned out to be sort of a jerk. That's over, thankfully," I laughed. 

"Good," she said and smiled at me. "I don't either and I'm not looking to find one."

A little while later I said that I should probably leave to check on my little brother, who was home alone. It turned out that I'd walk right past her street on the way, so she suggested we leave together. I was thrilled. I was more than thrilled; I was excited at the prospect of walking home with her.

She asked about college plans and my friends. It was just so easy to talk to her. When we got to her street, she said, "OK, I'm right down there, third house on the left." As I started to say goodbye, she asked if I would call her later, and we exchanged phone numbers. I assured her that I would. She reached out to shake hands, and I put my hand in hers, feeling a bit awkward. We stood there looking at each other for a few seconds, and I started to blush. Then she let go of my hand and turned to walk away.

She paused and turned back. "Ever kissed a girl, Nicole?" 

"Um, no, nope." I said, surprising myself at how calmly I had answered. I smiled nervously. 

She winked, gave me a big smile, and turned down her street. 

Later that night, after my parents went to bed, I called her from my room. She picked up right away and said , "Hey Nicole, I was hoping you'd call. What's up?"

"Not much. Just getting ready for bed. How about you?"

"Same here." There was a pause, then she asked, "So, were you surprised by my question today? Hope you're not mad."

I laughed a bit. "Yeah, it did surprise me I guess. But I didn't mind it at all, really."

"That's good. How do feel about it?"

It was my turn to pause. "Well...to tell the truth, I'm kind of excited about it. But not just any girl of course." I'm sure she could tell how nervous I was talking about it. 

"Ha ha, of course not! It should be someone you're attracted to. Like, I don't know, maybe,... me?"

Another pause. I forced myself to say what I thought: "Yes." Another pause, then I blurted out, "That's pretty much all I've thought about since this afternoon." I couldn't believe I said that but it was true. My heart was racing.

"Good. Me too. Got any free time tomorrow?"

We talked about schedules, like babysitting and parent stuff, and agreed that we could meet later in the afternoon at her house. I said I was looking forward to it.

""So am I," she said. "I'll think about you tonight in bed."

I could just imagine that smile. "Me too. See you tomorrow."

How could I go to sleep after that? I was in bed, wearing a tank top and PJ shorts, lying on my back, thinking about Amanda and our conversation. I was scared but more excited. I started to imagine being with her, having her arms around me as we kissed. I could feel my nipples hardening and that warm tingling feeling between my legs. Just kissing her sounded so innocent, but I know we were both thinking about more than that. At least I was, and I'm pretty sure she was too. I thought about her breasts under that bikini top and imagined unhooking it and slipping it off. My hands were under my tank top feeling my nipples, holding both breasts in my palms. They were smaller than hers, but not bad at all...at least I didn't think so. I reached down, slid off my shorts, and rubbed my right hand over my pussy. I was so excited that I could feel myself getting wet. I pretended it was Amanda's hand that was sliding up and down, her fingers rubbing my clit and sliding into my cunt. I felt like I never had before, and realized I was moaning softly. I slipped off the tank top and lay there naked. I couldn't stop now, as I spread my legs open, closed my eyes, and massaged my clit. I had masturbated before of course, and even though we didn't talk about it, I was sure my friends had too. But this was different. It took no effort at all, just a few strokes and I could feel the orgasm coming over me in a wave. I couldn't have stopped even if I wanted to. All I could picture was kissing Amanda while she played with my pussy. I was wet and getting more excited by the second, so I tried to force myself to be quiet as I came hard, wave after wave rushing over me. 

I lay there, sweating, relieved, incredibly content. I hoped my parents hadn't heard, but at the same time all I could think about was Amanda, kissing her and then...who knows? 

She called me late the next morning, while I was watching my brother and one of his friends. 

"Hi," I said, "I was hoping you'd call."

"So how are you doing? Want to come over? Will 3 o'clock work for you?"

'Yes, that's perfect."

"Great. What did you do after we talked last night?"

"Well, um, you know...nothing much. Went to bed."

I didn't know what to say, but in a way I was hoping that she knew.

"Yeah, me too. Did you think about me at all?"

"Of course I did. I couldn't stop," I said with a nervous laugh.

"I thought about you too. A lot, if you know what I mean."

"I'm pretty sure I know," I said, smiling nervously to myself.

"Right. Can't wait to see you."

"Me too. Bye Amanda."

After my brother and his friend left for baseball practice, I took a long shower. I was thinking of Amanda all the time that I was naked, soaping and rinsing my body. I wasn't sure what would happen but I knew it would be a new experience. I couldn't wait.

I put on a pair of black bikini panties, a soft lacy pink bra, a white tank top and short denim jeans. I thought I looked pretty nice. I even used a little lip gloss and checked myself out in the mirror. The pink of the bra showed through the white shirt. Looked hot, and I'm sure my mother would have made me change my shirt. Then I headed out the door. 

As I turned down her street I worried that maybe I had this all wrong and that she wasn't really interested in me. I was getting nervous. As I walked up to her house and knocked, wondering what I'd say if her mom or dad answered, I took a few deep breaths. But the door swung open and there she was: a big smile, a "Hey, glad you made it" greeting, and a wave inside. I stepped in and saw that she was wearing a long loose white t-shirt. I couldn't tell if she had shorts on under it, but as soon as she closed the door and turned to me I could see that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her nipples rubbed aginst her shirt. She noticed me staring and smiled, "Yeah, I'm a little casual at home." Then, before I could move further into the room, she took both my hands in hers, pressed me back up against the door, and kissed me on the lips. Very gently at first, then more firmly. Our mouths both opened and her tongue found mine. I was almost dizzy as we kissed, but it was a wonderful feeling. I pushed my tongue into her mouth and pressed my body against hers. I could feel her nipples moving over mine. Then she slowly let my hands go and stepped back a few inches. "So how was that?" she asked. But before I could say anything, she put her hands on the sides of my face, leaned towards me and kissed me again, this time very gently, looking into my eyes as she did. I put my arms around her and pulled her closer.

"That was, ummm, it was...amazing!" I whispered. "Even better than I had imagined."

"Come on in and sit," she said, as she plopped down on the couch and patted the space next to her. I could see that she didn't have shorts on after all, just something pink. I sat next to her and she put her arm around my shoulder. It was exciting to feel her hand on my bare skin.

"So tell me, what were you thinking about in bed last night? Kissing?"

"Well, yeah, that." I paused, not knowing how much to say. 

"And more?"

"Yes," I said, looking shyly down at the floor.

"Me too!" she laughed. "It's OK, really." She had her right hand on my knee and slid it up to my shorts, then down agin. "Great legs," she whispered. Then she took my hand and slid it up under her shirt until my palm covered her right breast. She let my hand go and leaned her head back as I fondled her breasts. Her nipples were hard. I couldn't believe I was doing this but it felt so good. Her breasts were so soft and round. I could feel my nipples stirring and my pussy getting wet. After a minute or two she stood up, looked at me and pulled the shirt off over her head. She was standing in front of me, naked except for a pink thong. She knealt on the couch, one knee on each side of me, and leaned towards me. Her breasts were right in front of me and she pulled my head forward until my face was between them. They were bigger than mine, with perfect nipples. She turned a bit and slid one into my mouth. I licked her nipples and sucked her breasts as she put her head back and moaned. "Oh my God, that feels so good." My hands moved up to hold her breasts. I couldn't believe this was actually happening. The feel of her soft, smooth breasts in my mouth was wonderful; I could have stayed there all day. I moved my hands to her back and slid them up and down slowly. Then lower, feeling the smooth curve of her ass. She pulled slightly back, bent down and kissed me, then whispered, "Let's go up to the bedroom." I didn't say anything, just nodded, since I wanted her more than I could have imagined.

As she stood up she took my hand and pulled me up after her, then turned, still holding my hand, and started up the stairs. I was just behind her, holding her hand, and all I could do was look at her smooth back and her beautiful ass in that thong. My heart was racing. I couldn't wait to get it off.

Her bedroom window was open, sunlight and a breeze coming in, and the blankets pulled back. Inside the room, she turned to me and unfastened my shorts, then pulled my shirt up over my head. "Very nice," she said slowly as she smiled and ran her hands over my bra, making my nipples tingle. I just stood still while she reached behind my back, unhooked the bra, and slid it off onto the floor. It was the first time I had ever been this close to naked with someone else. She felt my breasts, playing with my hard nipples, looked me in the eye, and kissed me softly. Then she pulled my shorts down and I stepped out of them. We were almost naked and I could feel my panties getting wet. She took my hand again, pulled me onto the bed next to her, and started to suck on my breasts. As she did, she slid one hand down between my legs and slowly rubbed my pussy through the wet panties. 

"Is this what you thought about?" she asked, whispering in my ear. 

"Oh yes," I gasped. I couldn't imagine being more excited.

She slid her hand inside my panties and over my pussy. Then she slipped her fingers inside me, slowly moving in and out, as I just kept getting more excited. She licked her fingers, then slid them back in and out of my cunt and put them into my mouth. I could smell and taste myself.

"How does that taste?" she asked.

"Mmm...great." 

She stood up and slipped off her thong, then lay back next to me and moved my hand between her legs. She was warm and wet, and almost completely shaved, with just a patch of short hair. I leaned up on one elbow and played with her pussy, sliding my fingers inside and then rubbing her clit. She closed her eyes and whispered, "Oh Nicole that feels so good. Don't stop." I leaned over and kissed her as my fingers moved inside her warm wet cunt, first one finger then two. I didn't want to stop of course, and I was thinking about watching her have an orgasm, when she moved my hand away, reached over and pulled my panties down to my ankles. I kicked them off and was totally naked. For some reason I wasn't even embarassed. 

She got on her knees next to me, leaned over and kissed me, them whispered, "Want me to lick you? Want my tongue inside your cunt?"

"Yes, please do it," I whispered back, and she moved down between my legs, spread them open and started to lick me...first the insides of my thighs, then slowly moving up to my pussy. She spread my lips and touched my clit with her tongue, then licked and sucked all over my pussy. When I almost couldn't stand it any longer, she slid her tongue in and out of my cunt. Then she moved her tongue back to my clit as she pushed two fingers inside me.

"Oh God, I think I'm gonna come! Oooh!" 

She kept licking and sucking, while she fucked me with her fingers, and in only a few seconds I had the most amazing orgasm of my life. "Aaaah! Aaaah! Uhhhh!" I couldn't keep quiet but she didn't mind. She kept licking until I was done, then slid up and kissed me, so I could taste myself. I put my arms around her and held her tight, breathing heavily.

"Oh my God that was incredible," I whispered in her ear. Then she rolled onto her back and spread her legs. I knew what she wanted, and I wanted the same thing. I slid between her legs and massaged her clit, then, for the first time in my life, my tongue touched a pussy and I licked her while she held my head in her hands and moaned. It smelled and tasted wonderful and I didn't think I could ever stop. I slid my tongue in and out of her cunt, then went back to her clit, licking and sucking. It tasted sweet and wonderful. I started to fuck her with my fingers while I kept sucking on her clit. I could feel her moving beneath me as she took my head in her hands and pushed her pussy against me lips.

"Fuck me with your tongue," she begged, and I started to thrust my tongue in and out of her cunt again. I loved the feeling of being inside her.

"Dont stop, I'm almost there. Oooh God!" I could feel the orgasm start to flow over her as she almost screamed. Her hips thrust forward again and again and I didn't stop until she pulled me up on top of her and kissed me again. We could taste each other's pussy on our tongues. We lay there naked, in heaven, fondling each other's breasts. My life had changed forever and I was happier than I had ever been. 

After a minute, she put her arm under my neck and pulled me close. "Glad you came over today? I am."

"You have no idea how glad. I never expected this...the way I feel now."

"I know. It's great, isn't it? What was your very favorite part? Now don't be shy."

I though for a few seconds. "So many. The first kiss was amazing, everything really. If I had to pick one though, it would be licking you until you came. Is that crazy?"

"Not at all!", she laughed. "I loved it all too, of course, but my favorite was watching you come while I licked your clit. Your head was back, eyes closed, mouth open, and you were breathing so hard. It was awesome!"

We smiled at each other and kissed again, softly at first, then tongues together.

Then Amanda got up on her hands and knees, facing my pussy, and swung one leg over me. She bent her face down and began kissing my stomach, then licking it, just above my pussy. I could already feel myself getting hot with the thought that she would eat me again. And right above my face, only inches away, was her beautiful wet cunt. I could feel her moving down to lick my clit, so I pulled her hips lower and began to push my tongue inside her and lick her all over. She moaned and spread her legs wider, lowering herself onto my face. My hands were on her cheeks and I pushed them apart to see her perfect asshole only a couple of inches from my face. For the first time in my life I wondered what it would be like to lick an asshole. I never imagined it would look as smooth and beautiful as hers did. But I wasn't sure she would want me to do it, so first I wet the fingers of my right hand and slowly rubbed them over her asshole.
