 Please remember this is a copyrighted work and all legal disclaimers apply. 

This is a work of Fiction and will have additional chapters.

Thank you for your comments.

*****

One

She and I had known each other for nearly a year when she asked me if I would move in. My world wasn't much to leave behind but I'd paused since I had felt I should be contributing.

"The apartment is spacious Jon but my father's company owns it and therefore I don't pay the rent. The fees and electric is my responsibility."

There was the rub. My girlfriend had a comfortable financial situation. I was making some money on the side and writing code for my friend's Internet startup. I had enough to live on but lived close. I didn't even have a credit card. My full time gig had ended when that startup had failed two months ago. I had my savings to help but I didn't want a forty hour-a-week job right now. I was playing with a software formula and the connecting algorithm and needed the extra time to get it to work properly.

Maris came close and we hugged, "I want my boyfriend, my lover, well I also want his penis near too."

As we kissed she paused, "and this lovely tongue Serge."

I had been named for Serge Gainsbourg. My mother was infatuated with him and Jane Birkin and I was born the year he had passed away. 

"Just how do you plan for me to pay any type of regular cash Maris? I only get paid every few months."

She had taken to picking up the check over the past few weeks. She liked to eat and drink well and knew I couldn't afford the lifestyle right now. 

"Serge you are the one for me, for my heart and I need you to understand that you're creative work is important. The great turn for your career is just around the bend so please let me worry about making those payments honey."

Her arms were wrapped about my waist, "Beside, you're a perfect fit for me."

Actually Maris was exactly the same height as me. Her body though was very feminine but she was a tall girl at five-nine. 

A few weeks later we completed the move and my shitty flat was no longer where I rested my head. The lovemaking got more intense and she allowed me to setup an office desk in the third bedroom. It actually was more of a storage space but it was good for what I needed.

Maris worked at a research lab affiliated with the east side university. She could walk to the lab which was on the edge of the campus.

We'd taken to having lunch together. I would bring my backpack with the food and a bottle of wine and we'd enjoy the fresh air and beautiful shade trees just within the tall iron fence. 

"I was told by my boss that these are the oldest living Elm trees left in the city."

Her boss was always coming up in our conversations for Hannah was a bit of a polymath. She managed the science lab but wasn't a scientist. She had met the primary researcher some seven years earlier and had fallen in love with the man's wife. James and Kate had handled the divorce amiably and their relationship was still secure. They worked together but didn't see each other often due to James' travel and lecture schedule.

The few times I'd met Hannah were short, more passing by and informal. She looked passed me as if I didn't exist. When she called on the hardline to speak with Maris she was pleasant but focused. I had never met Kate though.

"Serge she is a real beauty," I stopped Maris.

"I could care less Maris. You're my sexy one and the other women of the world are irrelevant."

After getting accustom to our living together I'd found I was truly in love with this goddess. Her long legs were topped by a magnificent butt that I loved to look at and her pert breasts had nice chubby nipples. I was in heaven when we were together and thought of no one else. 

We had met near at the natural market one Saturday. She had dropped a couple of apples and I was bending to retrieve them when we bumped into each other. She was dressed in tight jeans and a simple top but worn a pair of heels. The cuff of the jean legs were turned up to focus on the brown leather strapped heels.

"Those are mine sir," I handed the slightly bruised honey-crisps to her as she said this. 

"If you use these today the pie will still be good Miss and the grocer may offer a discount."

We've been together and have made many pies since. She didn't know how to cook when we met but I was pretty good at fresh piecrust and baking. My mom's influence; she had asked for my help when I was ten and slowly she'd taught me to cook.

I still recall walking to Maris's flat that afternoon we'd met. I carried the bags and she talked to cover her nervousness. She was taller by three inches due to her heels but following her up the stairs I watched her heavenly bottom moving and I was captivated by her presence.

We kissed at the door to the open apartment, her with just the key in her hand.

"I'm glad I was clumsy with those apples Serge."

While the pie cooled she opened a chardonnay and we sat talking. I didn't want to leave but I suggested that we could have dinner the following night. I was still employed and could handle a fine dinner bill.

After about a month with me living in the flat we had adjusted to each other's schedules and responsibilities. Twice a week she was kept late at the lab in order to complete a run or something. I would have a simple dinner those nights for she wouldn't get in until after ten. 

The day following one of the first nights she was late Maris awoke and showered quietly. I slept until nearly seven but was startled when I opened my eyes to see her sucking me off. I enjoyed her mouth for a few minutes but was especially excited to see her wearing her lingerie including heels and stockings. Usually we made love naked after a shower. I knew of her undergarments but had never seen her wearing hose' let alone heels in bed.

That day she went to work in a dress. I didn't question her bed outfit for I had enjoyed seeing her lovingly body through the translucent materials.

About three that afternoon she called.

"I have an issue with my work honey and I'll be late again tonight."

Maris wasn't alone. Kate had slipped to her knees and was rubbing her prey's panty cover vulva. They were in the darken and quiet lab for Kate's lover Hannah had travelled to be with her old mother for a few days and James was in Europe for a conference.

As Maris hung-up the phone Kate slipped her tongue passed the fabric panel of Maris's panty.

"Oh dear god, Kate!"

Her lover stopped sharply and Maris corrected herself, "I meant to say, Mistress, Mistress Kate?"

Kate stood and turned Maris by grabbing her shoulders. Now she slowly unzipped the long binding of Maris's dress. As it fell to the floor Kate smiled but said nothing. The evening before she'd informed her prey that she would be allowed only one error. She would be required to wear stockings everyday from now on. Kate had said she preferred stay-ups and Maris had found a single pair in the back of her lingerie drawer that morning.

"Mistress Kate, I please you?" Maris wanted some type of reinforcement. She had been told that words would generally be unnecessary between them. Kate felt her prey needed to learn to observe details better. Maris had failed yesterday to note that Mistress Kate was seducing her until the tall woman had let her hair down while Maris was scratching her back.

That day Maris had caused a failure alarm in one of the combinations she was preparing and Kate had to scold her.

"Your work effort must be improved young lady." Maris had resolved the mistake quickly but Kate was now watching her closely.

As they waited to confirm the run was engaged and following the protocol Kate had asked Maris to rub her shoulders to remove a muscle cramp.

"Right there Maris. That feels much better. Maybe I can teach you a thing or two about a woman's needs."

The next thing Kate was kissing her and Maris felt her hand push inside her tight waistband of the jeans.

"You will never wear these around me again is that clear?"

Maris was still being kissed but paused, "What?"

Just then Kate's finger had found a path passed Maris's thong and her finger entered her.

She lost her thought as the seduction began. Maris hear Kate softly say, "Getting into your pants was easy. You will suck my pussy." 

A finger was pushed passed Maris's lips as Kate had moisten her other hand in her own pussy and Maris tasted the sweet nectar for the first time.

"I knew you would love my cunt you repressed bitch. Now on your knees Maris."

Maris thought about Kate as she walked to the lab. She had never felt such a sexual surge and now she was aware that her mind had been captured by this new lover. She had never imagined licking another woman's body. Not even as a young girl had she played with the other girls. She'd heard of the lesbian activities of some of her classmates but she was on a honors science track. She considered now her dress. Thankfully she'd found a pair of stockings and a thong for Kate. 'Don't make that mistake Maris she frowned. 

Her dress was long, passed her knees. Her mind came back to Mistress Kate. 

"You'll find me a quiet but strong Mistress Maris. But don't fail tomorrow."

She had allowed Mistress Kate to love her pussy with a toy. She had licked the bare pussy when Mistress Kate had removed her sexy dress. 

"This scratchy underwear will not do Maris. Tomorrow you must get your attention to anything that touches your lovely body."

She wanted to resist the woman but her body had responded to Mistress Kate's loving. She had agreed to follow the new requirements. 

She had tried to ask, "But what of Hannah?"

Mistress Kate turned quickly, "She is mine to consider for I love her. I may come to love you but right now you are just a sex thing to me."

Maris couldn't stop thinking back to the sex. Her moans were so loud. Mistress Kate had told her not to question her again. "I will control your needs Maris and you will listen and focus on the details I require from now on."

Now as Maris stood still with her heels together Mistress Kate smiled and stepped close. Her fingers entered Maris moist pussy. As the woman stimulated her Maris saw a red light and then the camera beyond. 

"I thought I'd make a movie dear. I wanted something to watch later when I await my lovers return."

Maris could feel the long finger softly moving deeper. Her pussy seemed to open for her Mistress as her finger gently rubbed her inner wall.

"You're dripping Maris. I think you could come," but the finger was withdrawn and Mistress Kate stepped back. 

Mistress Kate signaled for Maris to underdress her. It was a simple nod but Maris knew to respond. Mistress wore a lab coat over her dress but beneath it Maris found the apparatus about her Mistress's hips. 

"Today you will love my cock. Move to the chair."

There was a leather-covered side chair and a large sofa used as a meeting space and Maris was positioned to allow Mistress to enter her body from the back. Maris held the upper back of the chair and Mistress moved one of Maris's knees to the leather seat. In this position Mistress was playing the long phallus tip along her pet's body. She was teasing Maris. Maris remained silent as her Mistress played about her slit for some moments. As Mistress taunted her with the shaped end Maris finally allowed a moan to softly pass her lips.

"Please fuck me," she looked over her shoulder as Mistress moved close and they kissed. Now two probes were teasing Maris for her Mistress's tongue was withheld so Maris suckled the tip. 

"Please Mistress. Stuff your cock into me, please?"

Yet the teasing continued. Maris had yet to realize the level of patience Mistress had developed. Maris had not come to understand that her words were the negative. Mistress wanted control not begging. Maris moaned again but did not utter a word. A moment later the cock was pushed inside. It was quite long and Maris worried that the end might hurt her. But the seven smooth inches were buried in her pussy and Maris looked back again and now her lover's tongue was in her mouth. Her body was fully excited by her Mistress's loving. Mistress Kate's left hand played with her nipples.

She opened her eyes a moment and saw the camera.

"That's right Maris. I have you begging me to fuck you as a reminder. Maybe sometime over the next week we'll review the movie. Maybe you'll beg me to fuck your ass. Maybe you'll learn that you are mine now. I want you to come then I want your mouth to lick my wet pussy."

As if on que Maris's pussy began to tighten about the phallus and she felt her deep arousal. She closed her eyes as Mistress's tongue fucked her mouth. Her body began to spasm as she released.

"That's my girl. You can be taught." 

Now having removed the apparatus Maris gently massaged the moist flesh near her Mistress's vulva. She bent to kiss her Mistress's pussy. Then her Mistress pushed her lower as she turned about and Maris placed a kiss on each cheek of her bottom. She was forced by her hand to lick Kate's tight hole. Her tongue was pointed and slipped it into Kate's upturned butt. Mistress Kate moaned as she turned around and Maris's lips were again pressed against Kate's inner thighs and intimately kissed her there allowing Maris's lips to linger along her pussy slit. 

"What do you want me to do to you Mistress?"

She looked down and she knew the phallus would be required. She stopped kissing her Mistress's body as she positioned the cock toy. Mistress Kate was rubbing her vulva. Maris fitted the toy and alter the position as Mistress Kate moved to tighten the strap.

Maris watched her Mistress lay back on the sofa. She judged the intent and mounted the cushion beside Kate's knees. Maris paused and considered that she had never dreamed of fucking someone. She had heard of such toys but here she was about to fuck a woman. Her beautiful Mistress smiled as Maris began to rub the tip about the slick bare body below her. Maris wondered if she would ask or say a word. Then she considered her position. She was about to bring about her Mistress's climax and she decided to say dirty things; words that she wouldn't have uttered yesterday and this seemed to please Mistress.

"You want your panty girl to fuck you Mistress?"

Kate looked intently into her eyes.

"Your pussy looks so lovely as I play. Should I put my cock toy in your pussy?"

Mistress Kate closed her eyes as Maris ran the stiff phallus up and down.

"You want your panty slave to fuck your cunt?"

That was it and Kate opened her eyes and pulled Maris's hips forward and the cock pushed inside her moist pussy.

Her Mistress now moaned as the toy cock fully penetrated her body. Maris had to focus on the toy to prevent it coming out of her Mistress's body. It was harder than she would have though. As she intently moved in and out Mistress Kate wrapped her legs about Maris and reached up to pull their breasts together. She moaned into Maris's ear and then she moved to kiss her deeply.

Maris was working harder than she could believe to fuck her Mistress and remain within her body. She was perspiring from the effort and the sweat was running down her back. This was more physically demanding then it looked when she'd seen a porn video with two lesbians several years ago. Now she was with a woman. A woman who had seduced her mind as well as her body. Somehow Mistress Kate was still pulling Maris along her path. Away from her safe world and Jon and to a new place. 

Maris began to see this lovemaking as something she needed not a manipulation by her Mistress. She was with a new woman, her Mistress as she was about to climax on the cock sticking out of Maris's groin. And then Maris was peaking again as well. The toy and the action had caused her to come. It was less intense than her earlier explosion when Mistress Kate had fucked her but she had come twice within minutes for the first time in her life. Her seduction was complete as she kissed her Mistress's panting mouth and face.

"Thank you Mistress. Thank you for leading me to this world. Thank you for fucking me."

A few minutes later Mistress Kate stood and took control again, "Move to the wall Maris." 

Maris smiled slightly and still in her heels she did as she was requested and turned to face the wall. Mistress Kate was behind her and was admired her panty girl's ass. Her hand moved to Maris's cleft, parting the smooth soft cheeks. Maris was surprised that she could allow such an inspection. Her hands were seemingly glued to the wall as Mistress deliberately rubbed her ass. Then Mistress Kate kissed Maris rose.

"Do you now understand me? Shall we continue my seduction Maris?"

Two

When I awoke early the following morning Maris was sound asleep. I went to the bath and shaved and was about to walk to the kitchen for my coffee when I found Maris's discarded clothes in a heap behind the bath door. She was usually neat so this was unusual so I picked up the things and carried them to the washer. When I put them down I noticed the sexy panty and the stockings. Both were damp and smelled a little musty but I paid it no mind. 

Maris slept past eight and I knew she would be late so I woke her.

"Honey who need to get a move on. Late night huh?"

She rolled to her back and smiled up at me.

She pulled me to kiss her and she frenched my tongue, "Lets get naked Jon."

An hour later she was out the door wearing a black dress I'd not seen before. I failed to note her shoes or her tights but I enjoyed the sight of her bottom moving about as the door swung closed.

Around lunch I sent her a text but there was no respond. This had occasionally occurred and I packed the bag and headed to the tree grove.

I waited for twenty minutes but grew hungry so I ate my lunch. I decided to walk to her lab. It was a beautiful afternoon and now it was nearly two.

As I rounded the building corner I saw her and I also saw the simple peck on the cheek. I didn't recognize the woman Maris had kissed so I thought it must have been an old friend. A moment later she saw me and she was smiling as she approached.

"Hey Jon, sorry I missed your text."

She hugged me and I picked up her scent, floral and sweet, "New cologne honey?"

She seemed surprised by my question, "Huh, no. The lab had a strange smell and I spritzed myself to rid the odor."

"You smell great Maris. I can stay as you have your lunch."

We walked to the grove holding hands and she told me about the morning.

"Anyway, one of the exhaust systems failed and the smell entered the lab, nothing toxic but stinky."

"Who was that I saw you with as you came outside?"

"Hannah's girlfriend Kate. I guess you've not met Kate huh?"

"No. She was dressed to the nines. I recall that you'd said she was a real looker." 

We sat on the blanket while she lunched. I simply watched her. She seemed distracted so I was quiet.

"Hannah has been away for a few days so she'd asked Kate to stop by and check on my progress."

As she had finished we stood and I folded the blanket as we walked back toward the lab.

I saw that Kate had just returned as well. Her backside was all I saw but I knew it was her from the clothes and the strut. 

"She looks tall." Maris turned to ask me who.

"Kate. Kate looks tall. She just went into the lab."

Maris looked toward the door and sighed, "Yeah she's just a bit below six foot but in her heels she towers over me. That's why I've been wearing heels the past few days."

I smiled, "I liked you in your heels yesterday morning."

She seemed a little tense, "Hopefully Hannah returns tonight and life at the lab will return to normal."

"Is Kate difficult?"

She turned and hugged me, "No, just a bit domineering Jon."

We kissed and Maris went in the door.
