 Please remember this is a copyrighted work and all legal disclaimers apply. 

This is a work of Fiction and will have an additional chapter.

Thank you for your comments.

This is the third installment of a story I began in January. The plot is settled but the scenes and details have required more time than anticipated. The curve of the plot is shifting to the couple Maris and Jon (aka serge).

I hope the readers will pardon my errors of grammar. 

*****

Six

The dead air of the cell call was my last discussion with the woman I was in love with. Her needs were not quite aligned with my dreams but I had contemplated life without her and decided I would settle to have Maris in my life most of the time. The nightmare of my visit to the Lab still reminded me that I was just one of the people she could love. My reflection regarding her new requirements had led me to search for answers and I'd found a clear guide on-line; a website run by a dominant female; hsQueen.  

Allowing Maris to become such a Queen would mean I would allow her to make the rules and determine how my obedience would affect my emotional life. I looked at the images this dominant woman had posted and I'd read her words. I spent an hour studying her notes on her blog. But her thoughts wouldn't necessarily apply. Her back posts were eighteen months deep and she was not a novice. The world this woman had created and posted were enlightening as to how my Maris might become. I paused realizing this research could undermine my lover and me. It was her decision that would matter. I shut the window and closed the cpu. 

I went for a walk to clear my head. The changes that Maris wanted or could bring filled my head. The nature of queen site was more about lifestyle than sexuality. The couple of images I saw were focused on her directing her lover but with a feminine lead. I could see myself in the role as a male concubine though I held some hope that Maris might see a marriage in her plan. The nature of my submission still hadn't completely formed in my head but seeing these lead females didn't bring me pause.

I had also visited sites that were much more provocative. Seeing the various alternative lifestyles that the domfems exhibited I worried. The sampling of images showing women truly pushing the limits was troublesome. The possibilities that Maris and me could evolve and that our sexual behavior might cause a complete shift of my mind was real. 

Therefore how would I remain as I was drawn to her flame.

'Seduction begins with the words you whisper in his ear, the pictures you paint in his mind'

She wasn't pushing me away and therefore I would help her prioritizing our life. She still loved me. I'd somehow committed to being with her. It was the longing for intimacy and something else. I was curious. Where she would take us? 

When she arrived home from Philly I was in our bedroom and she stopped seeing me. I sat on the bed with a dim light illuminating the room. I remained quiet and watched her turned toward the kitchen. My note of apology was printed and waiting. So was the simple dinner I'd prepared as well as a glass of wine. The late evening light beautifully lit the other rooms of the apartment as the fading sun's glow streaked across the floor. 

My world was on the line and the Letter was my only hope that Maris would forgive my intrusion at the Lab. I could only wish that what I'd seen could mark the re-start of our relationship rather than the end. Her interludes would not be of my concern from this day forward. That was difficult to accept. I still had trouble understanding how compliant I had become. In truth I had always been so and she now understood how she could move me.

Only by making myself, what could only be described as a deferential man, a submissive, would Maris allow me to remain in her life. I still hoped to become her husband. I had wasted much of the past forty-eight hours trying to resolve an alternative but she had been utterly absolute without demanding. She had said 'from this point forward you shall never question nor hinder my adventures'.

The Letter started by defining my error and my regret for entering the Lab. She would need a few minutes to read the details. I felt conflicted because I had not acted from selfishness. I had decided that I didn't want to lose her. I heard her moving the stool and her heels banged on the tile floor. I had written several versions of the Letter yet only one had made me aware of my true feelings toward Maris. I loved her, even if I wouldn't be the only person she might need to love. Her world would take over mine. Her needs would cover mine and define me from now forward if she could see the love rather than my error in judgment. My support of her adventurous sexuality was difficult for me for I hadn't needed to stray. The pain of the last few days still stung but I would try and adapt. 

I must have dozed off for I awoke with a start to see her standing in the doorway.

She held her black dress aside, the hem in her right hand and I saw her exposed and naked pussy. The taut straps of her garter suspender were across her nearly white thighs. I saw she wore a pair of black tall heels. She seemed to be smoldering. Her figure was backlit from the lights in the Living room beyond. Her long hair was down. She looked so beautiful. It was now late evening and Maris was partially concealed by the shadows but I could see her left hand and her finger said 'come here'.

Without thinking I slipped to the floor onto my knees. I shimmy across the floor as she giggled softly. Now I was at her feet and I looked up to Maris. She smiled down and spread her legs wider. Her heels touched the doorframe. I had stated in my note that if she would allow me to remain I would find a way to keep myself in check and love her even more. I had decided that she was my world and I would allow her to decide how to love me, whether to love me, when to love me.

With that briefest gesture she had summoned me to lick her pussy. I could smell her arousal and her subtle breathing. She was aroused. As my eyes adjusted to the darkened room I could see she was moist, wet from my written declarations and her own desires having finished my note. She was stirred by the control I'd offered her. I'd stated that I'd come to realize that her power over me had begun at the start, at the Farmers Market all those months ago. I now could see myself only with a lens that was her love. 

I didn't speak nor did I try to touch her. I lifted up on my knees so that my mouth was near to her body and her sex. I closed my eyes and extended my tongue. A moment later she moved her mons to touch just the tip of my tongue. She held us both still. Maris leaned forward and I saw her breasts swing free of the dress.

"I know enough of what I must do." Her voice quivered, "I will begin tonight and each day I will bring more intensity to my role. You will slowly begin to understand how I want you. And from this point forward you will respond to me as 'serge'. Do I make myself clear serge?"

I opened my eyes and nodded slightly, my tongue just at the upper edge of her partially hooded clitoris. I closed my eyes and she began to move so that my tongue loved her. The nectar was drawing me to her but she was controlling the pace. I was the instrument of this sexual event but it was her motion and action. I had relinquished my role as the sexual lead. 

"The term serge is your future goal, 'a sudden powerful forward movement', serge will be my sometime lover, my housemate and help me fulfill my needs as a mother, for having a child." 

She now pushed her pussy across my tongue, "Use your whole mouth serge. Love my pussy."

As her body responded to my mouth she only moaned softly. Then as Maris neared her orgasm she put her hands on both sides of my head and pulled me to her body.

"Yes serge, I'm using you to fuc, no to fulfill my simple needs. Your chastity is now mine. I'll decide how and when you're allowed to release from this night forward."

She moaned as she moved my head a little lower.

"Lick me where I want. Lick my ass rim serge."

I could reach just the front edge of her anus; the taste was a bit musky. Her stance restricted my rimming her opening. Her legs buckled a bit as her orgasm began.

"My ass has become so essential to my sexuality."

She moaned and stopped speaking for a moment.

"Lick me serge, lick my body, lick my ass."

Maris seemed to be resting against my shoulders as the climax caused her silence. I kept my tongue on the edge of her ass as she came but I felt her fingers moving at her mons. I wondered when I would see her face as she climaxed. My face was covered with her juice but my shoulders were still holding Maris. Her left hand was on the doorjamb to steady herself. 

A few moments later she stood and our bodies parted.

"That was a good start serge. I need some sleep. We'll talk of your new world in the morning."

She stepped to the bed and pulled back the covers.

"Help me with my dress serge." 

I stood and released the zip and pulled the garment free. I removed her heels next but then she stopped me.

"Leave me to sleep now serge."

She lay with her stocking still on as well as the suspender. She must have removed the bra. I looked at her naked bottom and saw the small tattoo; a small circle about the size of a quarter on the lower cheek of her left buttock. I didn't know the symbol but later that night found a reference on the web: a version of a Celtic triskele. Maris had committed herself to something larger than I could comprehend. I was now devoted to her.

In the morning I awoke early and found her still in bed with her bottom uncovered. I wanted to kiss her but I'd done more research. I was only to follow her regarding my release and affection. This was a textbook ds master command; the master controls the sexual life of her charge.

I closed the door quietly and prepared the coffee and a simple breakfast. I sat at the counter and saw my Letter. On the last page Maris had scratched out a word and written 'Domina' in a script of her hand. I looked at this and nearly fell from the stool. She had accepted my apology and me.

I read the last line of the Letter though I'd written it and had read it many times already, "To you I pledge my heart and my life. Please forgive me Maris, Mistress Maris." She had crossed out her name.

Domina was to be her name to me.

Could she really still love me?

I turned hearing the shower run. Domina was awake. I saw that the door to the bedroom was ajar. She had opened it. I pushed it wide to see her clothes on the floor. The dress, stocking and lingerie were there atop her black heels.

She called from the bath, "serge take those and treat them carefully. You must handwash the hose' and the lingerie."

I looked to the partially open bath door but decided to do as directed without confirming her presence.

I was hanging the damp stockings along the line in the laundry when she came in.

"We don't need to review what we both know. We do need to settle your agreement."

I looked at Maris as she stood dressed and her face made up. She looked beautiful. The print dress was highlighted by her cleavage being exposed and on her feet were a pair of wedge heels. She was therefore taller than me as I was barefoot.

"It's for my enjoyment that you remain here serge. Do all that I require and we will forge a life together. Did you like making me cum last night?"

I remained still and just nodded my head. Words couldn't help and she just smirked.

"Of course you need more practice but only when I allow."

She saw that a pair of her panties was on the top of the clean clothes just to the side.

"Did you clean those earlier today or yesterday?"

I turned to see what she was looking at. The white and yellow-striped pair of boy-shorts she sometimes wore with her period were there. These were cotton and so were washed with my other clothes. I didn't turn back but said, "Yesterday Domina."

Her voice rose, "serge you are to look at me when you respond to me."

I turned abruptly to see her anger and saw it fade just as quickly. 

"I need to know that you understand. Take those now serge."

I reached to pick up the yellow and white striped panty.

Turning back to her she said quietly, "Drop your pants serge. I want you to wear those today."

I saw that she meant it and I quickly released my pant button and pushed them off. I pulled off my boxers as my penis began to swell. It was her clear command that aroused me not the garment. Maris saw my stiffening penis.

"I'd been told that a submissive would respond to this sort of game. Wearing my panties has you excited serge?"

I looked to her eyes and hoped she'd understood. It was her command that was exciting me but she was looking for my statement.

"No Domina, not that. It's that you are allowing me to be here and have accepted my Letter."

She crossed her arms as she saw my erection drop, "Very well, but today you'll wear the panty serge,"

Turning back she walked toward the Living Room, "Pull your pants up and come sit with me. I want you to hear my desire and goals for our relationship serge. I need you to be aware that you can be here only because I love you."

She sat on the sofa and the hem of the dress parted and I saw her naked legs. She wasn't wearing any hose'. I chose to sit across from her.

She began to speak, "The Letter was a very good response but I want you to feel comfortable. I do not intend to explain myself any longer but our relationship both here at home or out in the world should be as similar to the past as possible. I wanted you a week ago and I will want you in a month, so long as you focus on being my lover. Just one of my lovers but you're the person I will return to every day."

She smiled, "I need you to find your new situation comfortable and I need you to relax serge."

She rose, "I must go to the Lab. Oh, please give me the passkey. We will not repeat that incident serge."

I stood and retrieved my wallet. I pulled the plastic card out as Maris stepped to my side. She was almost three inches taller in her heels but she took my chin and turned to kiss me.

"I'll see you for lunch serge," she walked to the door.

At the door she stopped and looked to my crotch, "Remember my command. Don't take the panties off and you are not to touch yourself, today or ever without my permission."

I walked to the door to watch her leave. It was almost impossible to think how different we were today. I considered her statement. She did say she loved me. Was that Maris or Domina that just left the house? I had so many questions but she would dole out the answers at her pace. I was to be there for her. Awaiting her need.

I could see that we might get through a few days of this. I wasn't certain about a month though she had stated that.

After my morning telephone calls I packed the basket with the lunch and headed toward the Campus. I couldn't imagine what might occur. What if I ran into Kate or Hannah? How could I look into either woman's eyes? 

Then I remembered. I'd not been able to do that a week ago! The last time I saw them I was embarrassed when my penis stiffened thinking of the two lesbian lovers!

I arrived a little late and Maris was sitting on the bench waiting.

"You've just missed Hannah. She said to say hello," she smiled and stood. I saw that her legs seemed different. She was wearing hose'.

"Let's move to the other bench. The sun is too warm."

We sat and had the lunch while she spoke of a lab experiment that had been problematic all morning. She was acting as if the intrusion was truly in the past. At one point she moved closer and took my head into her hands. I tried to remain calm as she kissed me. 

"I'm your Domina everywhere serge. Even around others and especially around Hannah and Mistress Kate." The kiss continued as her hand slipped into the back of my pants.

I was nervous sitting on the bench as she spoke, "and these panties are important but only for today. I'll find other ways for you to show your devotion to your Mistress. You maybe be rewarded for your behavior serge. Not here though. Maybe this weekend; we'll see. You'll just be my supportive partner and a good lover." 

She kissed me lightly and stood.

As Maris walked away I wondered about her idea of a reward. I also wondered about the hose'. Why on this warm day had she changed?

I packed up the lunch and started to walk home to address my own technical problem. As I walked along the path I noticed that the boy-shorts were surprisingly comfortable. My boxers typically allowed my balls to bounce and move but these were snug. I felt comfortable wearing Maris's panties. These were close fitting and with a feminine cut. She generally wore a thong panty that was more feminine. But why did Maris insist I wear these?

I considered her statement regarding her name. Could I call her by that name when I was with others? What would they think? The name was more than an endearment. Anyone would immediately see that our relationship was atypical. Was I deciding to emasculate myself or was it Domina's actions? Was she raising my humiliation?

Of course submission requires me to be the responsible partner. I selected this rather than leaving Maris. Her posture toward the other two women, her lesbian lovers, her anal lovers, was within the realm because I'd elected to stay with her. I had several alternatives but I'd already decided on my fate. Domina was my lover and now my Mistress. She was the woman I wanted to pleasure. I hoped I could make this work for a week but wondered about a month. I wanted to love her more today than even just a week ago. Though she would receive my loving without reciprocating.

Maris arrived back to the Lab and saw that Mistress Kate was waiting. Kate was dressed elegantly in a white suite. Her long sexy legs were on display due to the short hem of the skirt. Maris knew from her telephone text message that Mistress Kate wanted to be certain that Maris understood her role. Now Kate stepped close after shutting and locking the door to Maris's suite. 

"No random intruders understood pet?" 

Kate walked about slowly as Maris settled her bag on her back desk. This was the first time they were together since the Philly trip. Hannah had probably shared all of the details of the hotel stay and the drive northward. Maris looked at her Mistress while trying not to be distracted. The past few days had been quite a strain. She knew Kate had negative feelings about my previous visit to the Lab.

Mistress Kate paused as Maris looked up from her desk chair, "You really feel that you can manage your boy?"

Maris realized that her Mistress had watched her with me in the Park.

Now Kate sat on the edge of Maris's desk. The short white skirt hem rose and Maris saw the skin above the top edge of Kate's nude hose'.

"I'm not convinced my pet. Not quite yet. Our world, my world depends on privacy and therefore on your and the other women's respect of our shared privacy, our responsibility to each other. I wonder if your boy threatens this, my world?"

Maris knew this but she also knew her own mind and I was an important part of her life.

Maris stood, "Mistress just as you have established some control of my behavior I have done so with my man. You can see that your requirement for my dressing has been easily met. I've found I enjoy wearing the dresses and the hose' you required."

As Maris spoke Mistress Kate moved to stand in front of Maris. She reached to Maris' dress and slipped her hand below the hem. Kate's fingers were touching her lover mons.

Maris quivered at the gentle touch, "Mistress, you see how I've modified my behavior. I have done the same with serge. He's mine. He will follow my needs."
