 The first installment of "Amanda and I" introduced Nicky, a recent 18 year-old high school graduate, and Amanda, a newcomer to town and two years older than Nicky. They meet at the swimming pool and quickly develop a strong mutual attraction that, much to Nicky's surprise, triggers an intense sexual encounter - Nicky's first with another girl.

If you haven't read the original story, It might be helpful to do so in order to better understand and appreciate Part 2, which begins the following day. This story is quite a bit longer, with additional chaacters, but still with a focus on Amanda, Nicky (Nicole), and their relationship. I hope you enjoy it.

Comments are welcome, especially from women, since I would like to be as realistic as possible in describing the reactions - both emotional and sexual - of the girls involved.Thanks in advance for reading it and for your comments.



I could still taste her when I woke up the next morning: her soft lips brushing over mine, the sensation of her tongue plunging deep into my mouth, the incredible sweetness of her pussy. It seemed like an amazing dream, but I knew it had happened, and that I would never forget it. My right hand slid down inside my pajama shorts and felt the dampness between my legs. My nipples hardened as I thought back to yesterday and I began to slowly stroke my pussy, wanting so much to be with Amanda.

"Nicky! Nicky! Time to get up, girl! Don't forget you start the new job at 9:00."

Oh, my God. It was my mother calling down the hall, just as I was imagining Amanda's tongue on my clit. Damn, but I had to get up and go to work. The convenience store in town had hired me for three days a week, which was good of course because I needed the money for college, but it sucked too, now that there was Amanda. I had no choice, though, so I reluctantly slid my hand out of my shorts, got out of bed and headed for the shower. I knew Amanda would be mostly free that day, so I'd try to text her as soon as I had a break. 

When I got to work, I was able to jump right in and stock the shelves, since I had worked there part-time over spring break and I pretty much knew what to do. I kept looking at the clock, wishing I could take a short break, but it just dragged...until finally, about 11:30, Mr. Russo, the manager, said I should take an early lunch because we'd be getting a big shipment later and we'd have a lot of unloading and stocking to do. I was more than ready, so I grabbed my lunch bag and walked the block to the park. As soon as I found an empty bench, I texted Amanda and she called me right way.

"Hey," I said, "I am sooo glad to hear your voice. How are you doing?"

"Could be better," she said.

"Oh, no! Is somethinhg wrong? Are you OK?"

She chuckled and said, "I'm fine. It's just that it would be better if I were in bed with you!" 

"Oh, you had me worried," I said quickly. "I feel the same way but I was afraid that maybe you wouldn't."

"Why in the world wouldn't I?" she asked. "Yesterday was maybe the best day of my life, and all I've done since than is think about you...if you know what I mean."

"Um, yeah, I think I know. That's all I've thought about too, I'm just glad to hear you say it. I started to play with myself in bed this morning, thinking of you, when my mother called me for work. What a bummer!" 

"Well nobody called me for work, so I was lucky enough to not get interrupted," she laughed. "Any chance we can get together after work?"

"Maybe just for a little while," I said sadly, "I have to go to a dinner at my Mom's friend's house. Incredibly boring, but I think she's insisting because their son is home from college and they figure he needs someone to hang out with. Actually, I think they're trying to fix us up."

There was a pause, then Amanda asked, "So, are you interested in him? None of my business, I know, but..."

"Are you serious?" I exclaimed. "He's nice enough I guess, but I realized yesterday that there's only one person I have any interest in. And you know exactly who that is."

"I hope so," Amanda said, "because that's how I feel about you. This has never really happened to me before. You're all I think about."

We talked a few more minutes and agreed to meet in the park as soon as I got out of work, about 5 o'clock.

The afternoon didn't drag as much as I feared it would because we were so busy. I said goodnight to Mr. Russo, who thanked me for doing such a good job, and walked over to the park. I was wearing jean shorts and a red t-shirt, official uniform at the store. As soon as I turned the corner into the park, I stopped in my tracks. There was Amanda, sitting on the same bench where I'd had lunch. She was wearing a light blue sundress and sandals, and she looked incredibly gorgeous.

As soon as she saw me, she stood up and started walking towards me, her dress swaying, a huge smile on her face. Suddenly I almost froze. I wanted to run up and hold her in my arms, kiss her beautiful lips, and tell her how much I loved her. But we both knew better in a public place, so we stopped short of that, said hi, and walked side by side towards the pond at the back of the park. When we were sure nobody could hear us, we each started to talk at the same time, then almost collapsed with laughter.

"I almost ran up and kissed you!" I said quietly. "That could have been awkward if anyone saw us."

"Ha, that's what I wanted to do too, but I figured it wasn't the most discreet idea."

We looked around and didn't see anyone nearby. Amanda took my hand in hers, leaned towards me and kissed me gently on the lips. I sighed and said "You look beautiful. I wish we could go somewhere private." 

"So do I," she said softly. If tonight can't work, how about tomorrow? Maybe we can find someplace to go. You know, someplace private."

I had to work again, but suggested we plan on getting together, and we should both try to figure something out between now and then. We walked and talked for a little while longer, fighting the urge we each had to embrace and kiss no matter who saw us. When it was time for me to head home, I got up the courage to ask the question that had been on my mind all day.

"Amanda, I don't quite know how to ask this, but here goes: what if somebody finds out about us? What would we say? My parents, I don't know...and my friends?"

"I know," Amanda said. "I've been thinking the same thing. Maybe we can just say we're friends and see what happens. But in the meantime, just to be clear: we are NOT just friends. OK Nicole? Got it?" she said with a huge smile.

"I get it! Believe me, I get it! We're lovers, and that's the way I want it to be. We can deal with all that other stuff whenever we have to."

She held my hand for a minute as we started to go our separate ways, and just as I was turning to leave she smiled and whspered, "Nicole, I love you."

My heart almost burst as tears came to my eyes. I just nodded and said "Me too."

So I went to dinner with my Mom and Dad and brother at my Mom's friend's house. it was fine, good food, small talk about getting ready for college, and it turns out that her son Jeff was actually pretty cool and easy going. If this had happened a week earlier, I would have been interested in seeing him again. But that now seemed like ancient history.

I texted Amanda when I got into bed, and asked it it was OK to call. She said it was, that she was in her room and her parents were downstairs watching some news show. She picked up right away.

"I miss you," I said. "I don't want to be here all alone."

"Oh Nicole," she said quietly, "if only you could be here now. But here's some good news. My parents were invited to dinner at the college President's house tomorrow, so I'll be here all alone. Unless maybe...?"

"That's great!" I'll tell my parents that I'm meeting someone for pizza and a movie, so we should have the whole evening. Of course my Mom will ask who, so I'll tell them about you, OK?"

"Sure, but I bet you'll leave a few details out," she said, as I could imagine her smile.

"Dont worry about that. I'll keep it simple."

We talked a bit more then said good night, each whispering "I love you" as we hung up. 

The next morning at breakfast, I told my Mom that I was going to hang out after work, and maybe go to a movie, with this new girl I met at the pool. Of course she asked a few questions, so I told her about Amanda moving into town, about her parents starting to teach at the local college, and that she didn't know anyone else in town. My Mom thought it was nice of me, as if I were doing Amanda some sort of favor. If she had any idea! The only slight hitch was that she asked if my two best friends, Sara and Jess, were going along too. So I lied a bit and said they were busy tonight.

Amanda and I talked at lunch and agreed that we'd meet at Rocco's, the local Pizza joint at 6, just so it would seem all innocent, then go back to her house if we could. I couldn't wait and was getting flushed just thinking about being with her again.

I went home after work and took a shower, thinking of Amanda's body while massaging my pussy. I could have had an orgasm right there, but decided to save it for later. I shaved my legs and underarms, hoping that we really would have a chance to get naked later. I put on a pair of black bikini panties, the same lacy bra I had worn to her house before, a blue and white striped tank top, and a pair of navy short shorts. I slipped into sandals and checked myself out in the mirror, hoping Amanda would approve. Then I added some lip gloss and decided I was as ready as I was going to be. 

It was about 5:45, so I texted her and suggested we meet at the end of her street and walk into town together, instead of meeting at Rocco's.

I left the house a minute later and walked towards her street, my heart beating almost as fast as the first time I had gone there. I couldn't believe it had only been two days; it seemed like a lifetime ago, so much had changed. I sort of wandered slowly, so I wouldn't get there too early and have to stand around...just in case someone I knew came by and asked what I was doing.

As I approached her street corner, she popped into view. I couldn't help myself and I flashed a big grin. She looked fantastic, wearing a short white skirt and a lime green tank top. Her long legs were so tanned, her shor hair was pulled back on one side, and she wore pale red lipstick. She looked like a fashion model on the runway, but not showing off, just naturally beautiful. 

"Hey!" she called as she saw me. As we got closer she said "You look gorgeous."

"Oh my God, you are so sweet. I'd love to look as beautiful as you do."

We crossed the main street and headed into town. Her parents would be going out in about an hour, so it looked like everything would work out. She had told them a little about me, and how we met at the pool. They were glad that she had a new friend. We both smiled at that. Friend.

We got to Rocco's, found a table near the back and ordered pizza and cokes. There were a few other people in there, but nobody I knew all that well, so I just nodded at a couple of them as they walked by. We ate and talked, mostly about college and family stuff, just in case anyone happened to overhear. All the time, though, I was staring at her and imagining being naked with her, kissing her, giving her pleasure. She had the most beautiful smile, and once when nobody was around she reached across and held my hand. I could feel the tingling sensation flow all through my body, as I blushed and felt myself getting damp. I squeezed her hand and she silently mouthed the words "I love you" just before our waitress came by to check on us. I was pretty sure she hadn't noticed our hands touching, but I almost didn't care. 

After we'd finished and paid - well actually Amanda insisted on paying, over my objections - we walked out, and just wandered toward the park. In a little while, Amanda checked her phone and said her Mom had texted that they were on their way out and would see her later. And to have a good time. We looked at each other and started giggling like middle schoolers. A good time was exactly what we were going to have.

We walked to Amanda's house side by side, with each of us touching the other's hand from time to time, but afraid actually hold hands in public...as much as I wanted to. The car was gone, so we went inside and closed the front door. She hollered for her Mom just in case, but there was no reply and we knew we were alone. She turned to me and said, "All clear," and gave me a big smile. I moved toward her, put my hands on her cheeks and kissed her softly. Our mouths opened and our tongues met, then began to explore inside each other's mouth. Amanda put her arms around my waist, as I reached around her shoulders to pull her closer. I felt her hands slide down to my ass, one sqeezing each cheek.

We broke off our kiss and I looked into her eyes, saying softly "This is all I've thought about for the last two days. I want you so badly."

"No more than I want you," she whispered, then taking my hand in hers, she moved it inside her skirt and onto the crotch of her panties. I could feel the dampness as she said, "I've been wet since we left Rocco's, just thinking about you touching me there."

I slowly ran my hand up and down her pussy, feeling the lips through her panties. She moaned softly and kissed me again, then began to lick and kiss my neck, pushing my hair out of the way. I could feel my nipples getting harder and my pussy starting to tingle.

Amanda stepped back and looked me in the eye. "I want every bit of you. Right now."

She took my hand and led me up the stairs to her room. When we had first come in the door, I had been a little worried about her parents coming in unexpectedly. But that thought was out of my mind now. All I could think about was Amanda, and making love to her. We went into her room and she closed the door. It was still light outside, the sun streaming in her window.

The first time we had been together, I was shy and uncertain, so Amanda had taken the lead. This time there was no uncertainty at all; I knew exactly what I wanted. I pulled her tank top up over her head and dropped it on the floor, revealing a skimpy bra that showed off her perfect breasts. I unhooked the front clasp and slid it off her shoulders. She stood there and smiled as I ran my hands over her breasts, then took them in my mouth, one by one, licking and sucking her nipples. 

"Oh God," she said, as she held my hair back so she could see every movement of my mouth. "Nicole, that feels wonderful...don't stop, please."

I kept my mouth working on her breasts as I unbuttoned her skirt and let it drop to the floor. She stepped out of it and kicked it away. I slowly dropped to my knees, my hands sliding down her stomach and reaching around to her ass, as my face came to rest in front of her pussy. I leaned forward, inhaling the aroma of sex as I buried my mouth in her wet panties. Her hands were on the back of my head, pulling me closer as she moaned softly and began breathing harder. I pulled my head slightly back and looked up at her face while I slipped her panties down and off. 

"Amanda," I said, "I want to lick your pussy. I want to bury my tongue in your cunt and make you cum all over my face."

"Yes, please, please...," she whispered. I pulled her over to the bed, pushed her onto her back, and crawled up between her legs. Her knees were bent, her legs spread open. I looked in her eyes and saw how excited she was. I began to lick the inside of her thighs, then up and down her slit. My tongue slid slowly up and down, tasting every inch or her, until I began to swirl it around her clit as my hand fondled her mound under the small patch of closely cropped hair. I could feel her getting tense as she held my head in her hands. Her breathing grew quicker and more shallow as I sucked her clit into my mouth.

"Oooh, oooh, yes," she moaned, her hips beginning to thrust forward as I felt her muscles tensing. I loved the taste of her pussy on my tongue as I began to thrust it into her cunt. "Yes, yes, fuck me with your tongue!" she cried as I sank it deeper into her soft wetness. I wanted to bury myself in her cunt, pushing my tongue in as deep as possible, then slowly licking my way out, only to thrust it in again. Over and over, fucking her with my tongue, she pulled my face closer and thrust her hips up and forward. I slid my hands under her ass and pulled her into me even closer as she began to quiver with the spasms of an orgasm. Her muscles were tensed as she almost screamed. 

"I'm coming! I'm Coming! Fuck me! Aaaah, aaah, yes!"

I felt her juices flow into my mouth and over my face as I shoved my tongue as far into her as it would go, holding it there while she pulled me in even tighter as wave after wave of spasm overtook her body. 

Finally, I could feel the tension begin to ease. Her breathing began to slow as her grip loosened and her hands fell to her sides. I kept my face pressed against her pussy, sliding my tongue out and licking her all over, tasting her sweet juices. Finally I picked up my head and looked at her face. She was flushed and sweating, smiling at me, her breathing now almost back to normal.

"Oh God, Nicole, I can't tell you what that was like...it was just amazing, beyond amazing, I don't know...."

I smiled back, got on my hands and knees and straddled her body, kissing her deeply. Our tongues played with each other as we shared her taste. She licked my face to get as much as she could, then kissed me again.

"I'm so glad," I said. "It was what I wanted so badly. I could stay there forever and be happy."  

I lay down beside her on the bed, her head cradled in my arm, running my other hand over her breasts, down her gorgeous body to her pussy, and back up again.

We looked at each other and smiled. I told her again that I loved her.

Then she propped herself up on one elbow, looked very serious, and said, "There is one thing though."

I started to panic. "What? What's wrong?"

She flashed that beautiful smile of hers, kissed me softly, and said "You still have your clothes on, you idiot!"

I fell back and laughed, so relieved. "Oh my God, you had me scared!"

She laughed and said, "So how about if you strip for me while I watch? Then, who knows, maybe something else will happen." Another smile.

"Great idea," I said, as I extracted my arm and stepped off the bed. "Whatever you say!"

She propped herself up on two pillows to get a more comfortable view.

"Okay, so first, how about slipping that tank top off and showing me your bra."

I did as she asked, dropping the tank top on the floor.

"Nice, very nice. Now come over here so I can unbutton those shorts. I stood by the bed as she unbuttoned and unzipped the shorts, letting her hand touch my panties as she did. Her touch made me even hotter, and I knew my panties were wet by now. Then I stepped back, slid the shorts down and stepped out of them.

"Now turn around so I can see that great ass of yours."

I didn't think I had a great ass, not compared to hers, but I did what she asked. She signalled for me to move closer to the bed. She ran her hand over my ass through the panties, then reached up and unhooked my bra.

"Now turn around and let me see."

I wasn't the slightest bit shy this time, as I turned to let her see my breasts. My nipples were already hard, and I could see that she had one hand between her legs, slowly rubbing her pussy.

"Nicole," she said, "I don't think you have any idea how hot you are. Now take those cute panties off and get in bed with me."

Seconds later we were intertwined in the bed, our mouths locked together, tongues playing. She had me get on my knees and straddle her. My pussy was wet, my nipples hard. She pulled me towards her and began to suck on my breasts. I could already feel the beginnings of an orgasm and she hadn't even touched my pussy.
