 Matt and Megan had finished breakfast and decided to go for a morning swim. They checked out the snorkeling gear and listening to a quick safety briefing, they headed for the beach. The Caribbean waters were crystal clear, so much so that even from several hundred feet in the air one could see the sea floor. The couple donned their masks and began their snorkeling. They headed for a nearby reef and were rewarded with a variety of colorful coral and fish. They were even lucky enough to see an unlucky crab get devoured by an octopus.

"Even octopi need breakfast," Matt thought to himself.

After a half hour or so they exited the crystal clear waters and headed back up towards the resort. As they neared the main pool, Matt remembered something. 

"I want to check the activities for today," he told Megan. "I think there's some historical tour or something."

"Ok," Megan said. "I'll get us chairs by the main pool. Want anything to drink?"

"Juice. You know what I like."

Matt walked toward the main lobby where the daily events and activities were posted. Megan found two empty chairs and put their stuff down. A butler walked over and asked if she wanted anything to drink.

"Pineapple juice and a diet Coke please," she said.

The butler walked away to fetch the drinks. Megan pulled the straps of her royal blue tankini down and tucked them under her arms. If she was going to tan she certainly didn't want tan lines. She laid back and began to relax, warming herself under the hot Caribbean sun. 

"Is this seat taken?" 

Megan turned to see a pretty young woman standing next to her. She stood about 5'5", had long straight dirty-blond hair just past her shoulders, and piercing emerald eyes. Megan judged her perky breasts to be about a 34C. She was wearing a one-piece teal halter top swimsuit that was very low cut, has a lace-up front, and was tied in a neat bow behind her neck. The woman was eyeing the seat to Megan's right. 

"Nope," Megan said. "It's yours if you want it."

"Thanks," the young woman said.

The butler reappeared with the drinks and handed them to Megan.

"Something for you miss?" he asked.

"Pina colada," she replied.

The butler disappeared again.

"It's five o'clock somewhere," she smiled. "I'm Danielle, by the way."

"Megan. My husband Matt is around here somewhere. He went to check the daily activities. Something about a historical tour."

"I heard my name," Matt said, returning and taking a seat. "There is a historical tour of the island today. It leaves in about an hour. I'll be gone during lunch."

"Are they providing food?" Megan asked.

"We're stopping someplace local."

Matt took a long drink of his juice. It was cold and refreshing. 

"You have fun, then," Megan said. "I'm going to relax and catch some sun."

"Who's your friend?" Matt smirked.

"This is Danielle. Danielle, my husband Matt."

"Nice to meet you," Matt said.

"Same here," Danielle replied. 

Matt finished his drink and placed the glass back on the small table next to the chair.

"I have to go get ready. Have fun with your tan."

"Have fun on your tour, nerd," Megan teased.

Matt leaned over and kissed Megan, then walked back towards their room. The butler returned with Danielle's drink. Danielle took a long drink and set her glass down on the table.

"How long have you and Matt been married?" Danielle asked.

"10 years," Megan replied. "Are you married?"

"No," Danielle replied. "My boyfriend and I broke up six months ago. He couldn't handle the fact that I'm bisexual."

Megan found that little bit of information very interesting.

"Some men just can't handle that," Megan said. "So what brings you down here?"

"I needed some time away from life," Danielle said. "I work in Washington, DC, and things are so crazy I just needed a break."

"We live in DC, too!" Megan said. "Matt works for the World Bank. He's a financial analyst. Makes sure money is going where it's supposed to and being spent how it's supposed to. I work for the local chapter of UNICEF as a an education coordinator."

"I work for UNICEF, too!" Danielle smiled. "I'm with the World Food Program."

"We should totally hang out sometime!" Megan said. "Like get lunch or something!"

"Totally!" Danielle said. "Hey, were you guys on the flight down here from Dulles?"

"Sure were," Megan said. "We were towards the middle."

"I thought I saw you on the flight!" Danielle said. "I was a row behind you on the other side of the aisle. What are the chances?"

Danielle and Megan continued talking about work, life, interests, and hobbies. Megan found out Danielle was an avid volleyball player, and they agreed to sign up to play together if the resort was holding a tournament during the week. Soon it was time for lunch. 

"Hey, wanna get some lunch?" Megan asked.

"Sure," Danielle said.

Megan replaced her swimsuit straps, put on her white cover-up, and walked with Danielle to the buffet. After grabbing their food and a drink the ladies sat next to a window and continued talking.

"So, do you have kids?" Danielle asked.

"Nope," Megan said. "Decided not to go that route, not yet anyway. And I'm 28; Matt is 30, so we're really getting kinda old for kids. Besides, it doesn't really work with our lifestyle."

"What do you mean?" Danielle asked.

"Well," Megan replied. "Matt and I have an open marriage. We are allowed to date other people. We just have certain guidelines and rules about it."

"Like?" Danielle asked.

Megan felt slightly embarrassed, but at the same time glad Danielle was so curious. 

"We're not allowed to go on more than one date with another person in a week. And we're not allowed to sleep with anyone unless the other person is okay with it."

"Wow," Danielle said, blushing a little. "That's...different."

"It is, but it's very fun," Megan said. "I am bi, too, in case you were wondering. I've dated men and women."

"Cool," Danielle said.

They finished lunch and said their goodbyes. Megan walked back to her room, peeled her swimsuit off, and lay on the bed. Talking with Danielle had gotten her very aroused. There was a knock at the door. Megan threw on her cover-up, forgetting it was see-through, and went to the door. Danielle stood there in her bathing suit. 

"I want you," she said.

Megan pulled her inside, shut the door, and pulled Danielle to her. She pressed her lips to Danielle's. Danielle moaned into Megan's mouth. Danielle had obviously been aroused by the conversation, too. Their lips slid back and forth together. Danielle slid her tongue into Megan's mouth. Their tongues intertwined; Danielle gently sucked Megan's tongue. Megan gasped. Megan reached behind Danielle and slowly untied her swimsuit. Then she went to work on the front. Soon Danielle's swimsuit was open. She peeled it off; Megan watched as it fell to the floor to reveal Danielle's sexy form. Then it was Danielle's turn. Megan lifted her arms as Danielle pulled her cover-up off. Megan grabbed Danielle and pulled her to the bed. Danielle was now on top of her.

"I love your breasts," Danielle whispered. "I love how pink and hard your nipples are."

"Suck them," Megan gasped.

Danielle kissed slowly down Megan's neck and chest. Finally her mouth reached Megan's supple breasts. She flicked Megan's nipples with her tongue. Megan gasped and moaned. Danielle began to gently suck. 

"Yes, suck my tits," Megan whispered.

Danielle went back and forth, sucking each one gently and lovingly. She began to make her way further down Megan's naked body. Her lips and tongue teased as she moved lower and lower. Her lips found Megan's inner thighs. She licked up them. Megan was now moaning with excitement. Danielle gently licked Megan's labia, eliciting a gasp. Then her tongue found Megan's slit. Megan grabbed Danielle's head and moaned as her tongue slid up and down. 

"Fuck, that feels amazing, Danielle," Megan moaned.

Danielle's tongue caressed Megan's wet, swollen pussy. Megan was moaning louder and louder. 

"Oh, Danielle!"

Danielle moved up slightly. She gently flicked Megan's clitoris with her tongue. Megan moaned louder, grabbing Danielle's head more firmly.

"Suck my clit!" she moaned.

Danielle's lips wrapped around Megan's clit, and she began to gently suck. Megan was so wet; she could feel her juices dripping from her pussy onto the bed. She wanted to taste Danielle.

"I want to taste you," Megan gasped. "Turn around so I can lick your pussy."

Danielle turned her body one hundred eighty degrees. Her mouth was now right over Megan's throbbing clit. Her legs were spread right in front of Megan's face, her freshly-shaven pussy gleaming with her arousal. 

"Mmm, yes," Megan moaned.

She stuck her tongue out and began to slide it up and down Danielle's dripping wet slit. She heard Danielle moan as her tongue swirled around Danielle's pussy lips. Megan gently sucked them. 

"Oh god, yes, I love that," Danielle said. "Suck my pussy lips hard."

Megan took them in her mouth and sucked hard. Danielle moaned onto Megan's clit. Megan moaned loudly into Danielle. Megan could feel herself building. 

"I'm so close," Megan moaned.

"Me, too," Danielle moaned in reply.

Megan slid her tongue inside Danielle. Danielle's head went back.

"Oh, god yes, Megan, fuck me with your tongue!" she screamed.

Megan moved her tongue in and out of Danielle; she began to stroke Danielle's clitoris. The women moaned louder and louder. Danielle licked Megan's clit harder and faster. Megan's tongue moved deeper inside Danielle as her finger moved faster along Danielle's pounding clit. Megan's back arched; she could no longer hold back.

"I'm cumming!" she screamed.

Danielle smiled as she watched Megan squirt. Seeing this sent her over the edge.

"I'm cumming, too!" Danielle moaned.

Megan opened her mouth as Danielle's sweet juices flowed. She licked all around, making sure she didn't miss a drop. Danielle collapsed next to Megan. They looked into each other's eyes and smiled. 

"You were amazing," Danielle said, trying to catch her breath.

"So were you," Megan said. 

The women lay there for several minutes without talking. Finally, Megan spoke.

"So, you know how I said Matt and I are in an open marriage?"

"Yeah."

"Well, would you like to join us for a threesome tonight?

Danielle smiled.

"I'd love that. That sounds so hot."

"Well, how about you meet Matt and I for drinks after dinner. Then we'll go from there."

"Sounds lovely," Danielle said.

"Matt will go crazy," Megan said. "He'll have no clue what he's in for."