 All evening she had been watching her. Every step, every move across the dance floor. Every time she went to the bar. She was dancing now; grinding her hips to the music.

"Play it cool."

Jenna sat in the corner watching the blonde over the rim of her glass as she sipped her drink. Every time the stranger swayed in time with the music, Jenna's heart skipped a beat. She was amazing. Long curly blonde hair, milky skin and quite possibly the longest legs Jenna had ever seen. Her short red dress rode up to reveal suspenders and not much else underneath. Jenna downed the last of her drink as her mouth suddenly became dry.

"How about popping your eyes back in their sockets Jen?"

Donna laughed as Jen realised how obvious she had been.

"There's no harm in looking. I don't stand a chance anyway; look at her."

"Yeah she's gorgeous. So what? You're small and adorable so maybe you'll make a good match! Go and talk to her."

"No way! I'm not making an idiot of myself. You're right she is gorgeous, and I'm short and plain. She won't look twice at me."

"If you hadn't been so busy staring at her, you might have noticed that she has been staring back all night. Talk to her!"

"Sorry Donna, but it's not gonna happen."

After a few more drinks, Jenna was getting pretty brave.

"But I can't talk to her here; I'll end up having to shout over the music."

"Well" said Donna, "Now's your chance 'cos she's headed for the lady's."

Jenna glanced across the room and saw a wisp of thick blonde hair and a swirl of red disappearing through a door marked 'Ladies.' Deciding that it was now or never, she got up and started to walk towards the door.

"Stay calm and keep cool. It's not like you've never chatted to a pretty girl before" she said to herself.

But this was more than that. When she looked at the blonde, she got the overwhelming feeling that she would lose control if the girl so much as spoke to her. She felt helpless.

Just then, she reached the door. Pushing it open she saw that the toilets were deserted, but one cubicle was locked. She took a deep breath and stepped into the room. The door swung closed behind her.

At that moment, the toilet flushed and out walked the blonde. She went across to the sinks and washed her hands. As she turned to face Jenna, she spoke:

"I thought you were never gonna get the message." She walked around Jen, and locked the door to the toilets.

"Let's just say I was a bit nervous" said Jen. She couldn't believe that this was happening. Here she was, locked in with girl of her dreams.

"Are you still nervous now? I know just the thing to help."

Jenna felt the girls fingers go to the back of her neck, and pull her in closer. She was so close that Jen could feel her breath on her lips.

"The one thing with being nervous is that it never gets you anywhere."

She leant in and kissed Jenna hard and passionately on the mouth. One hand still on the back of her neck gently pressing, and the other sliding down her arm and lightly brushing the side of her breast before settling at her waist. Jenna responded. She ran her hands up and down the girls back, and then pulled her closer. She could feel the girl's breasts pushing against her own. She could feel the electricity in the air as they kissed so deeply that Jenna started to feel light headed. She pulled away and took in a deep breath. She took the blonde's hand and led her back towards the sinks. Taking the girl's hips in her hands, she lifted her to sit on the edge of the counter.

"I want to taste you." Jenna traced her hands down from the girl's face; across her lips, down her neck, around her shoulder and breasts until her hands were resting near her stomach. She ran them all the way down the long legs and then all the way back up, feeling the warmth of her thighs under her hands. The blonde was moaning and pushing her hips forward, trying to get Jenna's hands to brush her mound. She leant forward and whispered,

"Please touch me now;I need to feel you." Jenna did as she was asked and moved her hands underneath the scarlet fabric towards the secrets hidden by it. By the time her hands had reached the spot the girl was whimpering. Very slowly she moved her fingers towards the cleft and they were immediately drenched. She teased her fingers back and forth across the vulva and labia, spreading the juices around and running her fingers up until they settled lightly on the girl's engorged clitoris. Her whimpering increased as Jenna applied pressure to the spot and rubbed her finger back and forth. Soon another finger was entering her and moving slowly in and out of her slickness.

"Oh god" sighed the girl as Jenna's fingering became more insistent. She began to tremble and shiver as she could feel the climax building up inside her. Jenna dropped to her knees and moved her head between the girl's thighs, hungry for a taste of what was between. She flicked her tongue across the button and the girl was almost immediately engulfed by her orgasm. She bucked into Jenna's face, smearing it with her honey and cried out in pleasure. Jenna carried on licking and sucking as wave after wave shot through the blonde. She could feel the girl start to slow down and relax under her fingers, so she withdrew them and rested her face against her stomach.

"Wow."

"You can say that again!" said Jenna. She stood up in front of the girl and kissed her softly, breathing deeply to capture her scent. She stopped and looked into her eyes.

"By the way, what's your name?"