 Roni sat in her home in Maryland, recalling the hot and sexually charged moment that took place just days earlier. She'd helped her friend Tom fulfill a long-standing fantasy he told both her and his girlfriend/wife Trisha. He wanted to shoot his cum into Trisha and asked Roni to watch, but Roni gave more than planned. Both she and Tom fucked Trisha relentlessly, with him doing the cumming inside her and Roni gushing on her.

Sitting all alone, Roni felt a powerful tingling from her clit and a building wetness in her throbbing pussy. Ripping off her clothes, she played with herself as the thoughts of Trisha ran in her mind. The sweet desire for Trisha escalated as Roni continued masturbating her increasingly wet pussy, her breathing hard and primal. Unable to keep control, Roni shouted as a burst of hard wetness escaped from the pussy that felt such powerful glory days before.

She reached out on messaging to her friend Tom, asking him if she can visit him and Trisha once again.

"Sure," he responded. "You're always welcome to stop by anytime."

As always, the two friends made certain that it was fine with Trisha. As luck would have it, Trisha entered the room where Tom sat and stood naked behind him. He asked her if Roni was welcomed to see her, and fortunately Trisha was more than accommodating. Quickly Tom told Roni it was fine.

"Great, but let's change it up. I'll explain when I arrive," wrote Roni.

A few weeks later, Tom and Trisha were finishing dinner when a knock on the door was heard. In eager anticipation, they knew it was Roni. Trisha raced to the door and let Roni inside their home.

"Hi Roni," said Trisha. "Come on in."

Roni wore a very revealing red dress displaying both her cleavage and hard nipples, and this aroused Trisha especially hard. She felt her mouth water as her own nipples hardened and her pussy dripped and ached with mounting desire. Roni sensed this and immediately asked Tom a small but important favor.

"Could you leave the room for a while?"

"Uh, sure. No problem." Tom headed off outside while Roni took Trisha's hands. They stared at each other wantonly, their eyes taking each other in. Roni remembered how lovely Trisha looked when they first met, and Trisha felt herself wanting Roni more and more.

Soon Roni put her hands on Trisha and moved them all over her body, taking great care to caress Trisha's hard, throbbing nipples on her delectable breasts and making their way toward the vibrating pussy that called out. It took great will-power for Trisha to remain calm as the urge to cum grew in intensity. Satisfied with her assessment, Roni ripped off her own clothes and drew her naked lover towards her.

Their tongues met as Roni placed a hot, powerful kiss on Trisha's lips, tasting their respective flavors with every ounce. Almost unconsciously, Trisha moved her hand to Roni's luscious pussy and gently massaged it, letting her fingers feel the tingle of that hot clit.

"Now," whispered Trisha as she smiled.

Roni soon led Trisha to the nearby bed, and lay on top of her lover in ecstatic desire. Trisha opened her long legs and took in Roni's hands and tongue. Hard, primal breathing escaped as Trisha's wish was slowly, gradually fulfilled. Roni licked and poked inside and sensed the rush of female wetness soon to be released from Trisha's pussy. Grabbing the sheets tightly, Trisha endured endless pleasing from Roni as the orgasm magnified over time.

And then...yes! 

A waterfall-like gush shot from Trisha, soaking Roni's body and hair. Dripping wet all over, Roni guided Trisha and at once Trisha dove into the sweet honey that was Roni.

With great passion Trisha gave as good as she got, if not better. She wanted Roni's cum so bad, it consumed all else in her mind. Roni, for her own part, not only felt ready to cum herself, she also wanted something new: a life with Trisha filled with the love only she and Trisha knew was there.

Now Roni's own pussy gave as powerful a gush as Trisha's, and her wetness soaked Trisha just as much if not more. After a few seconds, the lovers joined their pussies together and rubbed vigorously until a combined burst ejaculated from them.

Tired but content, Trisha and Roni lay on the bed. They shared kiss after kiss as they talked and laughed.

Then Trisha uttered something Roni hadn't planned on.

"Marry me," cooed Trisha as she softly kissed her woman once more...