 Hello readers, 

Here's a short story inspired by B., my #1 fan. Hope you'll like it! 

Enjoy! 

Xoxo

**************

The return of my Queen.

My Queen hasn't touched me for days. Not that I was punished or anything. She was away on a business trip. Before leaving, she gave me a bunch of instructions to follow in her absence, among them, complete abstinence which meant no touching of any kind. Those five days were so far the hardest of my life but I patiently waited like the good girl I am. 

My mistress, although she has strict rules, is kind, loving and caring. I randomly met her in a bar almost a year ago. I was out with my uni friends and she was out with her co-workers. What were the odds we met than night? I'm a little white sophomore at my local university and she's a manager in a tech company. I come from a small town and she's a big city girl. We belong to different universes.

You probably have guessed now. She's much older than me, she could be my mom, but the best part is she's a beautiful Nubian Queen. The first time I saw her, all my boxes checked. She was what I was looking for. She is slightly shorter than me but fit. She has a dark caramel skin. I love her full lips and her womanly curves. That night she had her hair pulled in a curly puff that accentuated the thinness of her face. I wanted to talk to her.

I excused myself and went for a quick check up in the bathroom. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked good. I'm a 5'6" brunette with a B cup breast size. I wish they were bigger sometimes but my Queen keeps telling me they're perfect the way they are. I generally wear my long hair in a ponytail or a bun but that night they were loose. I have freckles on my cheeks and nose and I also have dimples. I was wearing a tight mini dress, and flats for comfort. I wasn't really planning to meet anyone. I just wanted to have fun with the girls.

On my way back to my table, I ordered a beer. I sat back with the girls but was way too distracted by the Nubian Queen across the room to follow the conversation. I spied her every move. I know she noticed me watching her because she smiled to me but she didn't make any move, probably because she was with her co-workers.

Anyways, I decided I couldn't let that chance pass so when she stood up, I took my glass and followed her to the bar. When she turned around, I purposely bumped into her and spilled some beer on her generous breasts. She understandably got mad and went to the ladies room without even a look at me.

I followed her, all the while apologizing. I put my beer down on the counter and took some paper tissue to dry her. She was wearing brown leather boots, a pair of tight jeans that did her justice, a tight turtleneck sweater that accentuated her curves and a black leather jacket. She was gorgeous. When I touched her breasts, I could feel my pussy tingle. 

"What are you doing?" she asked with a deep sexy voice as she removed my hand. 

"Please take me," I stupidly said as I was in awe of her deep brown eyes. 

"Excuse me?" she asked in disbelief. 

"I'm s-so, so s-sorry," I stuttered as I could feel my cheeks getting hot. 

"Hold on a minute... You're the girl who's been looking at me all night!"

I nodded but didn't dare talking anymore. This woman was commanding. 

"What do you want from me? Did you spill your beer on me on purpose?"

I nodded again, looking at the floor. She didn't say anything more for a minute. Then she put a finger under my chin to lift it up. 

"Look at me."

I looked again into her deep brown eyes that made me melt.

"You're gonna clean up your mess."

"Yes, ma'am."

"I like that you're polite," she smiled. 

I watched her as she removed her jacket. She then removed her sweater and handed it to me. I took it but was stunned by her beauty. She was only wearing a see through bra and I could distinctly see her big hard nipples. 

"Like what you see, little one?" she asked, her anger visibly vanished. 

I nodded again mechanically, completely hypnotized.

"Stop drooling," she said, laughing. 

Even her laughter was sexy. I couldn't handle it anymore. 

"Please kiss me," I begged. 

"How old are you?"

"Nineteen." 

"Awww... you're a baby. You know I could be your mother, right?" 

I nodded. She put back her jacket on. Then taking me by surprised, after she took back her sweater that she put on the counter next to the beer, she grabbed my butt and pressed me against her strong body.

"Be careful what you wish for, little one. You do realize that once I kiss you, there's no turning back?" she whispered in my ear. 

"Please, kiss me," I asked again, feeling her strong arms around me. 

This time, she didn't hesitate. She kissed me with her full sexy lips, forced her tongue in my mouth and took over my body. She lifted my dress to plunge her hands in my panties. I wrapped my arms around her neck and pulled her closer. I couldn't believe how I threw myself at her but I couldn't help it. I was now moaning continuously in her mouth. My legs got weak when she poked my rosebud. She lifted me up and put me on the counter, the beer long forgotten. 

She nibbled my nipples through my dress as she slid two fingers in my wet pussy. I moaned non-stop as I held onto her strong shoulders. She groaned as her fingers got coated with my juices.

"You're so wet, little one," she sucked her fingers, "and you taste really good."

She fucked me a little more and put her fingers in my mouth. 

"Maybe I could find some use for a little girl like you..." she said as I licked her fingers clean. 

She put me back down and helped me arrange myself. She then pulled out a card from her inside pocket and a pen. She wrote her address at the back and said, "Come Sunday at noon with my clean sweater."

That's how it all began...

That particular evening, when my mistress came back from her trip, I followed her instructions. My mistress loves rules and there's always a good reason behind them. I cleaned my apartment, put fresh linen on my bed, prepared my collar and leash, ordered her favorite delivery food and removed all my clothing and put them away. 

When she rang the doorbell, I literally ran to open the door and jumped on her. She caught me and walked inside my apartment with me all tied up around her waist and neck.

"Hey, little bunny!" she said in her deep voice that I love so much. 

She groaned as she kissed me passionately. She didn't say that she missed me but I could feel it in her body, the tension, the desire. I couldn't wait for her to fuck me silly but after a passionate kiss, she put me down. I tried to coax her with my sad puppy face but it didn't faze her.

"Help me undress, little one, we're gonna take a bath, " she said as she gently spanked my tight little white ass. 

She took me to the bathroom and while the bath filled up, she stripped with my help and made out with me. She didn't talk much to my surprise. I don't know how her trip went but I knew I could help her forget about work for a day. When we both plunged into the hot water, my mistress relaxed. She leaned back on me while I embraced her. I massaged her shoulders, caressed and played with her breasts. She didn't say much but her fainted moans told me she liked it. I didn't press her, she looked really tired. After a while, we got out and dried each other.

Then, like every time she took a bath or a shower in my presence, I covered her body from head to toe with her personal body lotion made of coconut oil and shea butter. She smelled really good and it made her body was shiny. I massaged her and we both enjoyed this moment in silence. We do a lot of things in silence, not because she orders me to stay quiet but because we have that level of understanding that I absolutely cherish, in which we don't need words to communicate. As I stepped away to heat her meal, my mistress quickly spanked me and grabbed my bubble butt a second. I giggled. I missed her touch so bad. 

We ate in silence, exchanging stares full of meaning. I definitely wanted her and I knew she wanted me despite her nonchalant attitude. I missed her presence, her deep brown eyes, her sexy voice, her chocolate skin, her strong legs and arms... Right then, I got wet just by looking at her. When we're done, I washed the dishes and surprisingly she came behind me, back hugged me so tight I whimper and she kissed the birth of your neck... She put my collar on me.

"Join me in bed when you're done," she said, kissing my cheek lovingly. 

That's the only words she had said in a while. She got me excited and I tried to go as fast as I possibly could without breaking anything. Ten minutes later, I joined my Queen in my bedroom. She was already under the sheets, her strong naked back turned to me. I slid between the sheets and looking over her shoulder, I realized she was already sleeping. I was really disappointed but didn't want to wake her up. I knew she was tired by her business trip. I turned around and gave my back to her, living her alone.

I was dozing off when I felt her hand caress my hip. She put her hands on my belly and pulled my body easily to hers. 

"Since when are you here, little bunny?" she whispered in my ear with a deep voice that woke up every cell in my body.

"A few minutes."

"Why didn't you tell me?" she asked kissing my cheek and shoulder.

"I thought you were sleeping."

"Not anymore," she said, playing with my navel piercing.

She nibbled my earlobe as her hand traveled to my little brown bush and caressed it a few times. She took her time, making this whole experience excruciatingly exquisite. Her brown hands on my ivory skin, her strong white thighs against mine, her thick brown lips kissing my neck, her intoxicating fragrance... My pussy was getting wetter by the minute. I was expecting a finger to part my lips but instead she went back up and cupped my tit. I groaned out of frustration, she groaned out of excitement. She rolled my nipples between her fingers. I couldn't handle it anymore.

"Fuck me, mommy... Please..."

I begged but my mistress kept her composure. She played a bit more with my piercing then explored my body for long minutes, obviously enjoying the moment but driving me crazy. My pussy was now soaked.

"Please..."

This time she heard me. She quickly pulled my leg up and stuck her woman dick deep inside me. I screamed as it totally took me by surprise. I didn't notice the strap on when I went to bed. She held my leg up high in the air with one hand while she held me in position by my neck with the other one and fucked me as hard and fast as she could. She then shifted her body to end up between my legs, my leg stuck between us as she fucked me. I took her face and brought up to me to kiss her. She accepted the kiss then pounded me even harder.

"Look at you, little bunny..." she grunted in my neck. "Begging for me to take you. Such a slutty little girl spreading her legs wide for me... Aren't you a slut, little bunny!?! Yes, you are... My own personal cute little slut... Oooh... You're so wet... Such a dirty little bunny..."

It's been days since last time we had sex. Having my Queen breathing in my neck, fucking me and talking so dirty to me made me cum pretty quickly to her utter satisfaction. She also makes me so horny when she speaks dirty in my ear with her sexy voice.

"Oh my little bunny... You needed that cum, didn't you? You couldn't wait for it, could you? Such a nasty little girl..."

That night, my Queen kept fucking me for hours, in many positions. I love it when she uses me as it pleases her. I really enjoy it as the true submissive that I am. I just want my queen to be happy. I'm there for her, to please her, serve her and satisfy her every need the same way she satisfies mine. One of my all-time favorites is when she rides my face. Tasting her sweet black nectar directly from the source and feeling my face covered with it has always made me highly aroused. That night, she paused only for a few minutes here and there, breaks during which she didn't part from me and kept caressing and kissing me. She always makes me feel so loved. I thought she was tired but she made me remember she's never tired for me.

In the early morning, she finally removed her strap-on and cuddled with me. She hugged me so tight, almost as if she wanted me to melt into her and make one. And finally, my loving Nubian Queen pronounced those three simple words I longed to hear her say from the very second she arrived:

I missed you.

END