 Jenny sat at the kitchen table and waiting for the sound of the taxi. "Ten years" she said quietly to herself and started to daydream as she recalled her best friend from college. She and Shelly had been inseparable during their late teens going out clubbing together, meeting guys and generally having fun. Jenny recalled the times they had consoled one another after a romance had gone bad which, at the time, was the greatest disaster in the world.

After college the two women had gone their separate ways Shelly had left to try to find fame and fortune in America while Jenny had stayed at home in England, and at twenty had met Tom, her now ex-husband. Jenny was freshly parted from Tom and she still could recall that fateful night, six months ago, when she had accused him of cheating on her. The late nights, the secret texts all added up, and when she confronted him, to her horror he admitted to not one, but numerous affairs over their eight years of marriage. Tom had left that same night and they had only communicated via lawyers and the divorce was turning quiet nasty. 

Approaching thirty Jenny had turned to the one person who she knew would give her comfort, her old friend Shelly. They had always kept in touch with letters, cards and even the occasional long-distance phone call. And it was one such recent phone call when Jenny had poured her heart to Shelly. To Jenny's surprise Shelly had asked if she could come over and visit and it would be great to catch up and reminisce over old times.

Jenny had an old picture of the two of them together at a leaving college party, and she couldn't help smiling as she looked at her own bright fresh face staring at her next to shy and retiring Shelly. Both were smiling, Jenny brown eyes framed by a short brown bob and Shelly's blue eyes were framed by her long blonde hair. Shelly was a few inches taller than Jenny's 5' 6" and Jenny had the fuller figure from the sports she participated in during her college years.

Jenny knew she had changed a bit over the years but was proud that she had only put on ten pounds since her college days. She had allowed her hair to grow a little since college was cut and her figure was still good. She knew that her 36b breasts and shapely legs still turned heads from time to time and got more than her fair share of offers. Although she wasn't as fit as she was back then she had enjoyed a very healthy sex life with her ex-husband that kept her in shape.

Jenny was just wondering to herself why Tom had cheated on her when the ringing of the doorbell woke her from her daydreams. As she opened the door, Jenny could only stand and stare at what stood there. Gone was the shy almost flat-chested teenager that Jenny recalled and in her place stood a tall slim blonde with an almost skin-tight dress, which barely contained the largest pair of breasts she had ever seen. 

"It's normally guys who stare at these beauties" Shelly laughed and Jenny blushed bright red.

"Oh Shelly" Jenny cried and the two women cuddled on the doorstep, both crying tears of joy from being back together after all these years. "Come in" Jenny said pulling Shelly into the hall, grabbing her case.

A couple of hours later the two of them sat in the lounge curled up on either end of the settee clutching a glass of wine. "I didn't mean to stare" Jenny stammered, "Just you have changed so much."

"You mean these" Shelly laughed pushing her enormous breasts up and together.

"Well they are big" Jenny replied, " and not just that you seem to be so much bolder than you were from when I remember."

"Present from my ex-husband." Shelly purred.

"Ex?" Jenny enquired, "don't tell me you have split up as well."

"Yep" Shelly replied, "All those other women, finally enough was enough."

Putting on a sympathetic look Jenny said, "Yes men can be such bastards and pretty easy where they spread their seed."

Shelly laughed softly, "Silly girl, it wasn't him with other women."

Jenny laughed loudly to try to cover her shock and changed the subject quickly while her brain was spinning. Soon the two women were laughing as they recalled this and that antic and wondered about where their old friends were now. 

*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

Later that night Jenny lay in bed thinking about how Shelly had revealed that she was bisexual when she realised she could hear Shelly in the next room. At first Jenny thought Shelly was upset from the whimpering she could hear. But as she concentrated she realised the sounds were of Shelly masturbating.

It had been months since Jenny had sex and at first she tried to ignore the moaning coming from next door. Eventually, curiosity got the better of her and picking up a glass from the bedside table, she knelt up to the headboard and pressed the glass to wall. The sounds were still a bit muffled but Jenny could hear the moans and groans coming from Shelly. Then Jenny heard a buzzing sound and the noises got louder as Shelly began to fuck herself with a vibrator. 

Jenny pressed her breasts against the wall and she began to touch herself, at first ashamed she was getting off on listening to her friend, but as the sensations took over Jenny lost all shame and started to rub harder listening to the intensely sexually exciting noises.

Jenny could hear that Shelly was nearing an orgasm and in response she began to finger fuck herself hard, driving two fingers as deep as she could with the palm of her hand rubbing against her engorged clit. But before Jenny could bring herself to her orgasm she heard Shelly cry out as her orgasm flooded through her. 

Then the room fell quiet and Jenny lay there restlessly wishing she had a vibrator like Shelly. Then a moment of inspiration hit her as she remembered the cucumber in the fridge.

Not bothering to dress in her haste, Jenny crept down the stairs and entered the kitchen in darkness. Opening the fridge she was bathed in the fridge light and Jenny moaned quietly as she spied the object of her lust.

Picking up the cucumber Jenny gasped at the coldness of it but her screaming desire overcame any inhibitions she had left. Sitting on the edge of the kitchen chair Jenny opened her legs and pushed the cucumber in as deep as she could. "Oh my fucking goodness that feels sooooooo good," Jenny muttered under her breath as she proceeded to drive the cucumber in and out.

Jenny was so intent on her own pleasures she didn't hear Shelly at the kitchen doorway. Shelly had stopped herself just in time from switching on the light and interrupting the show.

Although Jenny had her back to the open door, Shelly knew exactly what Jenny was doing. In the partial light she could make out Jenny's feet planted firmly on the ground and see her shoulders heaving as her arms moved the cucumber in and out. She could hear the sweet slurping sounds coming from Jenny's pussy and felt her own pussy becoming wet at the display before her.

Suddenly Jenny threw back her head and whimpered loudly as she came. Shelly decided to creep back to bed but knew that before the weekend was over, she would seduce her old college friend.

*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *

The following day after a morning of sunbathing, Shelly sat at the kitchen table as Jenny was preparing lunch. Both were still clad in their tiny bikinis and Jenny asked Shelly, "What would you like for lunch?"

Shelly could hardly suppress a giggle as she replied, "Cucumber sounds nice."

Jenny blushed bright red and Shelly just looked at her, keeping a dead straight face as Jenny stammered and tried to cover up her embarrassment.

"So how long is it since you have had sex then?" Shelly asked.

"Far too long," Jenny replied as she put the sandwiches down on the table.

"This cucumber tastes really nice. It has an added flavour but I can't quite work out what it is." Shelly mused.

Jenny sat in silence as it slowly dawned on her that her old friend must have seen her wanton display in the kitchen.

"It was a very sexy display you put on last night," Shelly whispered quietly.

"Well it's your fault," Jenny replied semi-indignantly but coloured brightly red.

"What do you mean?" Shelly responded.

"Your moaning set me off." Jenny admitted and blushed again more deeply.

"Silly girl you should have joined me instead of sitting down here in the kitchen fucking yourself silly with that cucumber," Shelly said in a low husky voice laced with lust.

Jenny stood with her head spinning, wondering if Shelly meant what she had just said, "Do you mean?" said Jenny, her voice trailing away at the end of the sentence.

"Yes" said Shelly in a soft sexy voice, "I want to take you to bed, I want to make love to you, and I want you to orgasm like you have never done before."

Jenny didn't know what to do and stammered, "I've never been with a woman before," and hung her head from embarrassment and shame.

"Time we rectified that" Shelly said as she got to her feet, unclasping her bikini top, and standing before Jenny clad only in the tiniest of white thong bikini bottom.

Jenny could only stare at the firm breasts and admired how the nipples slowly grew hard as she looked. Cupping them, Shelly offered those two magnificent globes to her, and as if it was the most natural thing in the world, Jenny bent and sucked first on one and then on the other.

"If we don't go to bed now," Shelly murmured, "I will end having you on the kitchen floor."

"I want you right now" Jenny moaned and breaking her suckling, threw off her bikini top and stepped quickly out of her bikini bottoms.

"You have a beautiful body," Shelly said as she removed her own bikini thong while admiring Jenny's firm breasts and neatly shaved pubic hairs.

Jenny gasped as she saw that Shelly was completely shaved and Shelly smiled as she noticed her friend's eyes. "Makes it easier to get your tongue deep in me," she purred.

The two naked women kissed passionately, their tongues entwined and their breasts pressed sensuously together. Jenny could feel the heat in her body, the wetness of her sex, as she responded to Shelly touch. Jenny leant back against the kitchen table, thrusting her hips out as Shelly began to work her way downward. Shelly's tongue traced over Jenny's nipples that were hard and erect, sucking first one and then the other into her mouth and grazing them with her teeth.

Jenny opened her legs as Shelly knelt between them, and Jenny's fingers entwined themselves in Shelly's blonde hair as she felt the soft tongue gently licking at her pussy lips. Jenny arched herself further towards Shelly's mouth, as she began to probe deep inside tasting her juices.

Jenny felt Shelly tug her gently to the ground and complied as Shelly said softly, "Let's 69, that way you can taste me as well."

The two of them were soon on the floor and Shelly ignored the cold tiles on her back as she leant her head up and began to work on Jenny's pussy. Soon Shelly was rewarded with a flow of juices as Jenny began to get wetter and wetter, covering Shelly's face.

Jenny stared down at Shelly's shaven pussy and at first wasn't sure if she could go through with it and actually taste another woman. But as she felt Shelly's tongue working on her own pussy, lust overcame her and bending her head, Jenny licked slowly along the glistening pussy lips.

Shelly moaned loudly and encouraged, Jenny began to lick deeply, savouring the taste of Shelly's juices before swallowing them and returning for more.

Jenny felt Shelly's teeth gently clamp around her clit and returning the compliment took Shelly's clit between her own teeth. Then Jenny felt Shelly insert two fingers deep into her pussy and Jenny again responded in kind by pushing her own fingers into Shelly.

Soon the two of them were fingering each other as their tongues worked on each others clits and Jenny feeling braver pressed a finger from her other hand against Shelly's anal opening. Shelly's ass opened to Jenny's touch and she found her finger sliding in easily as it was well lubricated from Shelly's pussy juices.

Jenny felt the familiar short pain herself as Shelly responded by inserting a finger into Jenny's ass. Jenny had always loved anal with Tom and pushed back onto Shelly's finger forcing it deeper. As the two women were so involved in the sensations they were enjoying neither, heard the back door open quietly.

Shelly's orgasm broke first and Jenny found her mouth being flooded with Shelly's juices, which she swallowed with joy. The sounds and tastes of her friend's pleasure, coupled with Shelly's mouth and fingers, caused Jenny's own orgasm to burst through her body. As she thrashed about she lifted her head and found herself staring straight into the eyes of her neighbour who was watching the floor show open-mouthed.

To be continued...............................maybe!!!