 I was sitting on my living room coach reading a magazine one day when the doorbell rang. I went to open the door, seeing my mom with a familiar face, Officer Helen Kemp. We were pleasantly surprised to see each other for the first time since the shoplifting incident over a week ago. After reconciling briefly I noticed my mom in handcuffs and looking humiliated and asked Kemp what was going on? She said she caught my mom masturbating while sitting on a nearby park bench. 

My first reaction was "You have to be joking!" but Kemp said she was not. I asked mom why she did that and she said while taking a break from her jog, she saw two other women in sports bra and tight running shorts talking while leaning on a railing. When she saw their buttocks from her view, she got aroused and could not control herself. I was mortified and asked Kemp what she would do. She said she would make the same deal to my mom as she did to me. Mom was confused, as I never told her about the shoplifting incident. 

After Kemp uncuffed her, I took the two to my room and sat on a chair as they sat on the bed. I explained everything to mom, who was angry I kept it a secret and gave up my body to avoid punishment for a wrongdoing. I told her sex with Kemp felt terrific, but then realized she wanted to do the same with mom, who was 12 years older though she looked young for her age. I said we would pretend this and the shoplifting incident never happened if she had sex with Kemp. Being even with me and finding Kemp sexy mom agreed to it. 

I asked if I could watch, which they allowed. They slowly kissed, stripped, and felt each other. When they were nude, they lay down with Helen on top still kissing and feeling each other. Mom bent her left knee as Helen sat on her face to let her lick her vagina. She held onto the back wall and told mom to keep going. As she screamed, I faced mom's vagina and masturbated wishing I could lick it. Mom then said she had to urinate, but Helen would not get off of her forcing her to hold it in by tightening her legs, which I liked. When she finally urinated onto the bed, I was so aroused, I urinated in my skirt also. 

Helen got off, lay on top of mom, and they kissed as she felt mom's breasts and mom felt her buttocks. They sat up and Helen kissed mom's neck, chin and breasts then mom did the same to her, as they fingered each other. They lay down with mom on top to kiss. Helen bent her knees as mom sat on her face to let her suck her vagina and grab her breasts. I kept masturbating, wishing she was doing that on me. Soon, she said she had to urinate, but mom would not get off of her, so she had to hold it in. I realized I had to urinate more, but did not want to stop watching them, especially as Helen had tightened her legs. I held my groin as mom bounced and shouted. When Helen finally urinated, I let go of myself in excitement by accident and urinated also. Our legs, my bed, and seat were all wet as I took off my skirt and panties. 

The ladies lay face-down with Helen facing mom's buttocks. She kissed her cheeks and fingered her anus, then licked between her cheeks and sucked her anus making mom yell. I sat on the recliner nude from the waist down, which I loved, with the cold cushion touching my buttocks, and wished it was getting kissed and licked. Helen kissed up mom's back until she reached her neck. She went face-up with her knees bent and Helen sat behind her and bent forward. The two kissed until Helen moved down. 

They kissed down each other's chests and stomachs until Helen got to mom's groin, forming the 69 position. They licked and sucked each other's vaginas, felt each other's buttocks and fingered each other's holes. Helen got on all fours as mom sat behind her to finger her holes and kiss her buttocks. She licked in between her cheeks and sucked her anus to make her orgasm. She kissed up her back to her neck, then got on all fours atop her. She held her breasts, grinded her vagina on her buttocks and fingered her vagina and they kissed. They then traded positions with Helen doing the same to mom. I felt hungry, so I got dressed, told them where I was going, and left to eat at a nearby pizzeria as they continued to have sex and orgasm.

I came home to find mom and Helen sitting on the front porch couch nude kissing. I was shocked, asking if they had been having sex the whole time I was away. They said yes and that they wanted to have outdoor sex. The porch was far enough from the sidewalk for no one to notice, so it was okay. They said I could watch, so I sat on the nearby chair. 

They kept kissing, then Helen sat on the floor in front of mom to kiss up her feet and legs before sucking her vagina and feeling her breasts. Mom held her face, sucked her fingers and yelled. Helen kissed up her stomach and breasts, then stood up to kiss her neck and chin. They fingered each other's vaginas and kissed each other's arms and hands. Helen then sat on mom's lap letting her kiss her neck, chin and chest as they felt each other's bodies. She knelt up to let mom kiss her stomach before sitting on her shoulders to let her suck her vagina as she masturbated. I too masturbated, wanting to lick mom's vagina as Helen held her head and yelled. 

Mom kissed her legs before Helen got off and stood in front of her facing the same direction to let mom kiss her buttocks and stick a dildo into her vagina. She licked in-between her cheeks and sucked her anus making her cum. She about faced, knelt on the sofa and held onto the top, as Helen knelt on the floor to put the dildo in her vagina and kiss her buttocks. Then she licked between her cheeks and sucked her anus to make her cum. She stood up, put the dildo on a strap-on and wore that. Mom knelt in front of her to feel and suck the dildo as Helen held her head. She pushed her to the floor, knelt by her legs, which she put on her shoulders and thrust the dildo in her anus. They yelled and bounced. 

Mom kept her legs up as Helen got on top of her to push the dildo in her vagina and kiss her lips, neck and breasts. She about-faced to form the 69 position licking mom's vagina and mom sucked the dildo. They grabbed and spanked each other's buttocks, then lay side-ways. Mom wore the strap-on. They went into the 69 position again with her on top. She sucked Helen's vagina as Helen, who had her legs up, sucked the dildo. Helen put her feet on the floor with her knees up, masturbated, and still sucked the dildo as mom turned 180 degrees and orgasmed. I saw Helen's vagina and masturbated wishing I was licking it. 

She moved up to let mom shove the dildo in her vagina while kissing her neck and breasts. Helen then lay facedown to let mom push the dildo in her anus as they kissed. Mom then sat up, took off the strap-on and grinded her vagina on her buttocks urinating on it at one point. They traded positions with Helen urinating on mom. 

I urinated, then Helen realized she had to go home as it was getting late. She and mom discussed their lovemaking while getting dressed, saying they loved it a lot. Mom thanked her for not filing charges. She asked if mom and I would like to do a threesome with her next time and we happily said yes. She said she would call us when she had time for it and we said good-bye. She left as mom and I went in the home.