 "What the hell did he do to you?"

Kelly's voice yanked me from a dreamless sleep. I opened my eyes to see her standing over me. Her fingers brushed my neck, still tender and purpling with fresh bruises. 

I groaned and swatted her hand away. "What do you think?"

"Damn you work fast," she mused. "You must really still have a thing for him, huh?"

"Cody?" I scoffed. "I wouldn't say that." 

"Whatever you say," she said. She moved my feet aside and fell onto the opposite end of the couch. I winced as the movement caused me to remember the stinging pain between my legs. "I just remember you guys used to be real hot and heavy. Like rabbits, but meaner. It was kind of gross."

"Shut up," I groaned, feeling a familiar wave of embarrassment as I recalled my hormone-consumed fifteen-year-old self. "I'm so sick of being reminded of high school."

"Then you probably shouldn't have fucked your high school sweetheart on reunion night."

"He wasn't my high school sweetheart," I spat, a little more forcefully than I'd intended. I could feel my ears growing warm. 

Kelly blinked. "Oh yeah," she said. "I forgot." 

Don't say it. Please don't say his name. 

"James."

Even after all these years, hearing his name aloud still cut like a knife. I said nothing. 

"You know he's married, now," Kelly added conversationally.

"Oh really?" I said, but in my mind I was begging her to stop talking. It wasn't her fault. She didn't know the depth of the wound I nursed - still nursed, apparently - for James. I ended the relationship just before I moved away to school, and my pride wouldn't let me admit how much it hurt, how wrong it felt, or - worst of all - that it might have been a mistake. Desperate to change the subject, I blurted, "So how about Mark and Jesus-Freak Jessica last night?"

I instantly regretted the comment, knowing that part of me had wanted to inflict a little pain. But to my astonishment, Kelly did not seem in the least bit bothered by it. In fact, her expression was completely unreadable. Her lips curled under momentarily, as if to bite back a reply. Then she smiled. "What?" I asked.

She shook her head. "Nothing." She twirled a tendril of hair around her finger and her gaze wandered off. 

It was then that I caught sight of the window. It was still dark outside. "What time is it?" I asked, glancing around for my phone. 

Without missing a beat, Kelly answered, "About three." 

So I had been asleep for just a few hours. My head still swam with booze and the beginnings of what I was sure would be a very powerful headache come morning. I spotted my black gown in a crumpled heap on the floor and briefly remembered drunkenly tearing it off before lying down on the couch. I also had another fuzzy memory of getting up to use the bathroom, realizing I was topless, and throwing on a random T-shirt from a basket of Kelly's unfolded laundry. It had the clean, familiar scent of Kelly's laundry detergent, a sweet, feminine fragrance that called forth memories of lingering hugs and long evenings spent huddled close under fleece throws watching marathons of Scrubs. If anything in my life felt remotely like "home," that scent was it. Kelly was it.

I noticed that Kelly still wore the same green cocktail dress she'd worn to the reunion, though her hair now hung loose and slightly mussed. 

"Have you not been to bed yet?" I asked. "When did you get in?" 

"Um-" she started to answer, but a voice from the back room called out, "Kelly?"

My head swiveled to see who had spoken, but the door to Kelly's room was nearly closed, cracked open just enough to see that the room glowed with a dim, warm light. "Who the hell was that?" I asked, turning back to Kelly. "Wait. Was that a woman's voice?" 

Kelly's lips curled into a wide, mischievous grin. Slowly, she nodded. 

My eyes widened. "Are you serious?" I teased. She giggled and nodded, her cheeks growing red. She looked like a happy child reveling in a particularly devilish act. "Who?"

"Jessica Carter." 

My reaction must have been hilarious, because Kelly could not contain her giggles. "But what about Dick-Face? In the locker rooms?"

"Mark?" Kelly scoffed. "He wishes! Though, I was curious, so I caught up with her later. I know-" she cut me off before I could say anything. "Crazy. I know. But I just couldn't believe it, so I wanted confirmation. Turns out, Jessica is a vet and has a little 'side business' that Mark was inquiring about."

I blinked at her, my expression blank. 

"Cat tranqs," she sighed. "Ketamine. She sold him some. God, Becca, how is it that you live in a city like Atlanta and I know more about drugs than you?" 

"Ah," I said. "And she's here because...?"

"Well," Kelly continued, "Apparently Jesus-Freak Jessica was never all that religious. The stuck-up, goody-two-shoes thing in high school was all an act. She was a lesbian! Is a lesbian," she corrected herself. "Anyway, she didn't want anyone to know back then, so she acted that way to keep everyone from wondering why a pretty girl like her never dated. Fooled me!"

"Me too, I guess," I said, too baffled and buzzed to think of much else to say. "So she came back here, and you two are..."

"Well," Kelly said, clearing her throat. "I - We were wondering if you might be uncomfortable out here on the couch. Because if you want, there's room back there with us. In the bed, I mean."

I blinked. "Kelly, how drunk are you?"

"Enough," she answered. "What do you say?"

I tried to stop my head from spinning long enough to think through what Kelly was suggesting. A quick memory of Kelly's naked breasts seized my thoughts. They had been smaller then, and her frame had been slightly thicker. Still beautiful. My heart began to race as I remembered an afternoon we spent by the pool, Kelly's striped green and white bikini wet and clinging to her soft curves. The two of us changing into dry clothes afterward in my room, the lingering, appreciative glances we exchanged but never said anything about. 

Kelly held out her hand. Wordlessly, I took it. 

I relished the warmth of her hand as she led me down the hall to her room. When she opened the door, I caught sight of Jessica. She lounged naked on Kelly's bed as contentedly as a cat, as though nudity was her natural state of being. Immediately, I was taken aback. Indeed, she had every right to feel comfortable with her naked body. She was stunning. Everything from her perfectly rounded ears to her tear-drop breasts, her full, voluptuous hips and delicate ankles all exuded unashamed sexuality. Her doll-like face was relaxed in a drunk, dreamlike expression. When she caught my gaze, her lips turned up in an impish grin that matched Kelly's. The two of them looked like a pair of kittens who'd caught a mouse. 

"Mmmm, Becca," Jessica breathed. "I'm glad Kelly was able to convince you to join us." 

I didn't know what to say to that. For the first time in a long time, I felt shy. Intimidated. 

Jessica rose from the bed and beckoned to Kelly. Kelly released my hand and went to her. I watched in stunned silence as Kelly slowly snaked her arms around Jessica's naked waist, pulling her close. One of Jessica's hands traced a delicate line up Kelly's arm. It happened as if in slow motion. Jessica's hand came to rest at the back of Kelly's neck, her thumb gently stroking the smooth skin behind her ear. Their lips met. At first, the careful tenderness of their kiss appeared so intimate that I felt almost dirty for watching. My pulse began to race as the intensity of the kiss mounted, until they were both pulling each other close. I had to suppress a gasp as I realized with titillating surprise that I was getting turned on. 

Never breaking their kiss, Jessica ran a hand down Kelly's back, pulling the zipper of her dress down with it. At the same time, the hand at Kelly's neck worked to loosen the tie of her halter. Kelly moaned with either pleasure or anticipation. Within moments, the only thing holding the green fabric up was the force of their bodies pressed together. I could feel my heart pounding out of control against my chest, hear the rushing of blood in my ears as Jessica released her and allowed the dress to fall free. 

They turned to me. I felt a familiar rush of panic, the same feeling I'd had in school when a professor singled me out with a question I didn't know how to answer. I hadn't studied. I hadn't prepared. I had no idea what to do but stare and hope the professor moved on to ask someone else. How was it that these girls could make me feel so vulnerable? 

They exchanged impish glances and advanced. Gently taking one of my hands, Jessica smiled at me. "Don't be nervous," she cooed. 

"I'm not," I lied. 

I could tell that she sensed the lie, but didn't say anything. "Have you been with girls before?" she asked. 

I shook my head, not bothering to distinguish whether she meant multiple girls at once or any girl at all. The answer was plain on my face. 

"Don't worry," she whispered, her lips mere inches from mine. I could feel her breath warm on my cheek, breath the light, sweet scent of faded perfume mixed with sweat. The hand that wasn't holding mine slowly traced a finger from my ear to my jaw, sending shivers through my body. "We'll take it slow." 

Jessica moved her face closer to mine. I closed my eyes and held my breath, anticipating a kiss, but none came. Instead, I felt her lips lightly brush my neck. My body tingled in response, and I felt my groin begin to ache with desire. I ran one of my hands over her thick, blonde hair as she planted lingering kisses on the base of my neck, my collar. She slid the neck of my shirt over my shoulder so she could kiss the skin there, and that's when my hands began working of their own volition. 

I tugged my shirt over my head and tossed it aside. Amazingly, I felt more self-conscious of my nudity with these girls than I had with any of the men I'd been with. I became hyper-aware of my modest chest in comparison to each of theirs, felt in stark contrast the many bumps and flaws I agonized over in the mirror each morning held up against Jessica's porcelain skin and Kelly's toned physique. Jessica resumed her slow, careful progress, her mouth roaming from the hollow of my neck, to the top of my breasts. My nerves - or perhaps it was excitement - mounting, I looked around for Kelly. 

Kelly. 

She stood a handbreadth away, shimmying her panties down around her ankles. I made eye contact with her as she stood, never bothering to mask the hunger in my gaze. Kelly. I had never allowed myself to explore the feelings that passed between us, never even indulged a private fantasy. It felt perverse and cheap to try to conjure an erotic scenario that brought us exactly where we were now. Naked. Together. She was my best friend, and the only thing about Hapville that I could never give up. We loved each other in a way that only two girls who had faced hell together could. Though an inexcusable amount of time had passed since our last visit, or even our last phone call, the time and distance never seemed to matter when we did finally reconnect.

Kelly closed the short gap between us and kissed me. I gasped, breathing deep the familiar scent of her as her lips met mine at the exact moment when Jessica's mouth closed around my nipple. I instantly felt twice as intoxicated as I had a moment prior, my head spinning with pleasure and an indescribable feeling of relief. Yes, I thought, letting go of my inhibitions and allowing raw impulse to take control. I moaned as the yearning between my legs reached a fever pitch, made more intense by the fresh wounds that lingered there. 

Our kiss became urgent, almost frantic as I dared to touch Kelly's naked skin. I cupped a hand under her soft, heavy breast, allowing a thumb to brush her nipple. She moaned in response. Meanwhile, Jessica's hands roamed down and up my thighs and buttocks while her mouth continued to caress and suck my nipple. Her warm, soft hair hung in loose waves against my stomach, tickling my naked skin. 

I felt Kelly - or maybe it was Jessica - hook a finger into the top of my panties and begin to tug. I freed a hand and helped yank them down, fumbling to get them below my knees where I could then kick them off. 

Almost as soon as the cold air hit my naked parts, Jessica's mouth was there. In her slow fashion, she kissed first the hollow of my navel, then beneath, making a straight line down... down... down. I thought briefly of the wreckage she was likely to find down there, and only prayed I had not been so badly mutilated by Cody's monstrous cock that she would be disgusted and want to stop. I didn't want her to stop. I needed her to go on, so much that my knees were practically weak from the throbbing, insistent arousal that pulsed in my groin.

The first lick was so light, I barely felt it, save for the electric tingling that seized me all over. I waited in breathless anticipation, moaning desperately against Kelly's lips as Jessica breathed warm air onto my exposed pussy lips. My hand traveled down the length of Kelly's smooth back to grip her round bottom as Jessica's tongue made slow progress along the length of my slit. 

Then she stopped, stood up. I groaned, finally breaking my kiss with Kelly. "Lucky me," Jessica mused, watching us, but offered nothing in the way of explanation.

Jessica entangled her fingers in mine and began pulling me away from Kelly, towards the bed. "Lie down, love," she instructed, and I obeyed without question, reveling the feel of the cool blue duvet beneath me. She then guided Kelly to the space on the bed beside me and had her lie down. Our warm bodies pressed together, and we exchanged glances. Jessica hastily tied her hair back into a messy top-bun. 

From the foot of the bed, she crawled towards me, but kept her seductive eyes trained on Kelly. Jessica ran her hands up each of our legs, her naked breasts brushing against our shins as she stretched over us. She lifted a hand to her mouth and slid two fingers between her parted lips, drawing them out wet. 

Still watching Kelly, she dipped her head and planted a kiss on my clit while her fingers found Kelly's waiting pussy. Then the master began to work. 

The feel alone of soft, feminine lips between my legs was unlike anything I had ever felt before. Her expert tongue parted my pussy lips and lapped delicately at my clit. I suppressed an image of a cat with a saucer of milk. Beside me, I heard Kelly moan. Her hand clasped mine. For a long moment, we clung to each other, each helplessly ensnared by these new, unfamiliar sources of pleasure. Jessica's warm, silky tongue, exploring every crevice. Her fingers, slick with Kelly's wetness, massaging her, probing her, her thumb rubbing slow circles around her clit while two fingers delved deep inside her. 

I became lost in the new sensations, soft skin caressing, petting, teasing me all over, my fingers entangled in Jessica's thick blonde hair as I gripped her ponytail and gently pressed her head down. I was completely drunk on pleasure, to the point where I barely noticed when Kelly released my hand and rolled towards me. Our lips found each other once more, and I melted into our kiss. One of her hands massaged my breast, teasing my nipple. My body tensed. 

I could feel an orgasm building, mounting in intensity as Jessica's tongue moved faster, harder against my clit. I clutched Kelly's hand against my breast, anticipating the tidal wave of pleasure I knew was about to crash over me. Just as I felt I was on the verge, within seconds of release, Jessica stopped. 

I moaned in protest, almost angry with frustration. I bit back curses and a violent urge to force her head back between my legs. Jessica laughed. So did Kelly. 

I lay there panting for a long moment, still holding Kelly's hand, until I felt her pull away. Bit by bit, the orgasm slipped away, until again I found myself aching with desire. "Don't worry, pet," Jessica's voice tinkled. I heard her rummaging through fabric at the foot of the bed, perhaps digging in her bag. "We have all night."