 In Part 1, we established that Jane, a twenty-something mature student and confirmed lesbian, is out enjoying a belated 18th birthday celebration with bisexual birthday girl Macey. Whilst out they meet with, and are now en-route home with, a slightly inebriated and unsuspecting new African recruit for their all-girl 'fun club'. 

As stated before, most of the first part deals with character building and setting the scene, but as with any adventure or odyssey (sexual or otherwise) I would hope that for those who persevere, the rewards should be well worth the journey. 

For this reason, I would highly recommend reading though Part 1 first.

Words: 14,640

.................................. 

Amanda Jane Part 2 - Getting Acquainted

Amanda's eyes opened wide, and her jaw dropped when she saw the massive building where Jane lived. As we approached the threshold, Amanda looked up. Above the door, carved in stone, was the name Eldorado. 

"What does that mean?" Amanda asked. 

"Well, the ancient South Americans believed Eldorado was a place of great wealth, but I prefer to think of it as a place where all of your dreams can come true," Jane replied, giving her an alluring smile. 

"Whose dreams? Yours or mine?"

"Why don't you come in and find out?" Jane replied, unlocking the door. 

Amanda hesitated. 

"Come Into my parlour... said the spider to the fly" Jane said, smiling and bowing with a sweeping inward hand motion, as she pushed open the door. 

"Does that mean you're going to eat me?" the girl asked nervously, waiting on the step. 

"Who said anything about that?" Jane replied, feigning an innocent expression. 

"I thought you just did," Amanda replied, looking at her, nervously biting her lip. 

"You've come this far, Jane said softly," taking her hand and gently coaxing her forward, "and you do look good enough to eat," she added, almost whispering. 

Amanda followed obediently, smiling expectantly like an innocent little puppy, blissfully anticipating all the untold pleasures that might lay in wait for her, and as Jane led the luscious girl into her den, I closed the door behind us. 

The entrance hall opened out into a large living room, with masses of soft furnishings all around. The room must have been about 20 feet or more square, and that was only the lounge area. In addition there was a large kitchen and a photographic studio that was easily as big as the lounge. Upstairs (as yet undiscovered by Amanda) was a large bedroom with en-suite shower and loo, and another large bedroom, plus a separate bathroom. I had been here many times before. Jane was often putting on parties... well, not parties exactly; more like evenings of entertainment with various selected members of her 'Girls Fun Club'. 

Although she never actually said so, I could tell from Amanda's expressions as she looked around the flat, that she probably came from a somewhat less affluent background. 

"Is this where you bring all your new girls to seduce them?" she asked at last. 

"Every single one" Jane told her, smiling as she stared directly into our guest's eyes. 

Amanda staggered a little and it was obvious that she'd had far more to drink than she was used to. I was almost reluctant to take advantage of her in her current state, but my eyes had followed her around so often, and I was so in awe of her that I had always been afraid to even speak. Right now she looked absolutely gorgeous and she was as good as ours. I wanted her so badly, I simply couldn't resist the temptation, and I knew full well that if I were to leave, Jane would still seduce her. There was no way I could leave - not really. 

"Would you like a drink?" Jane asked. "Some more wine perhaps?" 

"I think I've had enough wine for now," Amanda replied. "So? Who's going to be first?" she asked, tossing her head back defiantly. 

"That would be you I think," Jane said to me with a knowing smile. 

Amanda turned to look at me, stumbling slightly, and she smiled. "So! You're the one that's going to give me a kiss that's better than anything I've ever had before, are you?" She asked, in a challenging manner. 

"I'd certainly like to try," I told her honestly. 

"Come on then baby" she said brazenly. "Bring it on." She was clearly goading me, and I don't think she fully understood what a truly sensual kiss from another female could really feel like. 

She was a few inches taller than me so I reached up to place my hands gently on either side of her head, and drew her face down toward mine. "Close your eyes" I said softly, stroking her ears with my fingertips, and as she did as I asked, my lips touched hers and I felt her begin to relax. It hadn't occurred to me that all this time she had been tense and nervous, but after all, this would be a completely new experience for her. Her cocky demeanour was just a cover, but once she relaxed I knew we could win her over. I felt those beautiful thick lips against mine and I sucked on one, then the other, gently easing my tongue between them. 

As I held her face, my forearms brushed lightly against the stiffness of her nipples, loose inside her silky, wrap-around top, and she began to moan softly. I felt her hands on my shoulders and then the arms slid around me, hugging me as her breathing became more laboured, and I felt her warm breath on my cheek. I felt the tip of her tongue flick against mine, and I gripped her face more tightly, thrusting into her mouth with a sudden urgency. 

"Wouldn't you two be more comfortable sitting down?" Jane's voice interrupted my dream-like trance. We broke from the kiss and Amanda looked at me and smiled. Clearly it had impressed her more than she cared to admit. 

"Well?" I asked, meaning would she like to sit. 

"That was so nice," she sighed. She looked at Jane and then back at me, suddenly clutching my head to press another long, deep kiss on my mouth. "I would never have believed it," she told me, panting slightly. 

"Come along" Jane said. Amanda turned and looked puzzled. "The chair?" Jane said again. 

"Oh... Yes. The chair," Amanda replied, giggling and looking embarrassed. 

Amanda and I sat together in the middle of the large, weirdly shaped sofa and began to clinch again. "Ahem" Jane coughed. We looked up. "And where exactly is the hostess supposed to sit?" She asked. Amanda looked around the room. There were plenty of other perfectly serviceable chairs, and she looked puzzled. Jane smiled. "You don't think she's having you all to herself do you? Just because it was her birthday." 

The two of us looked at each other and I said, "Well it is her house." We shuffled over and made a space for Jane at the end, with Amanda in the middle. 

"So! What now?" Amanda asked. 

"What do you think?" Jane said. 

"Are you both going to have your wicked way with me?" she asked, laughing nervously. 

"What do you think?" Jane repeated, her eyes fixed on Amanda's. She raised her hand to the nervous girl's cheek and turned Amanda's face toward her own. "What do you think?" she whispered. 

"I... I..." Amanda faltered. "I... she began again," but Jane just smiled. 

"Shhh honey," she whispered. 

She leaned toward Amanda's face and placed the gentlest of kisses on her lips. "There now. That didn't hurt did it," she said softly. Amanda looked bewildered and shook her head slightly. She was trembling. 

"Kiss me again" Jane told her. This time Amanda leaned forward and gave Jane a soft kiss and Jane responded by gently sucking first the bottom lip, then the top, just as I had done. and finally easing the tip of her tongue between Amanda's beautiful thick lips. It was making me tingle down there, just watching. 

As their tongues began to entwine, I stroked Amanda's arm and rested my head on her shoulder, gently kissing the small area of bare skin as I stroked her neck with the back of my fingers. 

They broke from their kiss and Jane said softly, "Don't neglect the birthday girl." Amanda looked at her and gulped, then smiled nervously. "Go ahead," Jane insisted, nodding her firm encouragement. 

Amanda turned to me and moved forward to kiss me. This time she gave me the tip of her tongue and I sucked it as the fingers of one hand traced across her bare midriff, and my other hand slid behind her head. She began to whimper, and I thought it strange that my fingers caressing her tummy should excite her so much, until I glanced down to see Jane caressing her left breast with the back of her fingers, teasing the stiff nipple through the thin silky top as she leaned in to kiss Amanda's neck, then her ear. 

I was amazed. It was almost as if this girl was under some kind of spell. Yes, she'd had a few drinks but this seemed surreal. It was as if she was hypnotised. I raised my hand to cup her cheek and she kissed me more intensely. Jane was squeezing her breast now. Kneading it through the thin material and pinching the nipple. We glanced at each other for a second and Jane signalled to me to do the same. 

Amanda turned her head toward Jane again and as they kissed once more, I began to fondle one ripe young breast, reaching up to kiss her neck and making her moan with pleasure. She parted her knees, then squeezed them together, half crossing her legs and we both knew what she was feeling. It was that beautiful tingle between her thighs, and she was squeezing her legs together to enhance the sensation. 

"What are you doing to me?" Amanda moaned at last. 

"What do you think we're doing?" Jane replied, simply. 

"I don't care," she whimpered, "just don't stop." 

"Your wish is my command," Jane said with a laugh as she pushed me gently to one side. She climbed up to straddle Amanda's lap and began to kiss the intoxicated girl more urgently, gripping the face with both hands, and as Amanda's hands reached out to hold Jane's hips, Jane thrust her eager tongue into the willing mouth. 

"Give me a moment," Jane said softly as she broke from their thirsty kiss. I began to get up to leave but she put a hand out to stop me. "No baby girl. You don't have to go," she told me, "I need you here sweetie." 

"I just have to ask you a question," she said solemnly, turning to face Amanda, "and if you get it right we'll give you the best night you've ever known." 

Amanda smiled. "I'm already having the best night ever," she moaned. 

"Wrong answer," Jane told her with a gentle laugh, "but as you're so beautiful and it's your first time here, I'll give you another try... What year were you born?" she asked, smiling. 

"1998," Amanda replied looking puzzled. "How on earth could I get that wrong?" she asked of me. Jane just smiled and kissed her again. For a girl in higher education, she didn't catch on too quickly. Jane was simply checking her age. It wouldn't matter when in 1998 she was born. She had to be over 18. 

"Do something for me Macey," Jane asked. I nodded. "Reach down the side there and you'll find a little switch, just under the edge of the arm." I felt with my hand and found a small rocker switch, and moved it to the other position. Very slowly, almost silently, the seat back began to fold away. "Good girl," Jane purred, still smiling as she guided Amanda's hands to her breasts. 

As the chair back folded away, she began to knead Amanda's ripe young breasts through the thin garment and resumed kissing the girl. 

With the chair back still moving away, she broke from the kiss and Amanda just looked up at her like an innocent virgin about to be given her first taste of true carnal pleasure. That wasn't so very far from the truth. She may have had sex before, but I am certain she had never felt anything to compare with what Jane and I were about to give her. 

Jane bent over to kiss the girl again, her hands caressing the soft, dark skin of her neck, and sucking those beautiful thick lips as her palms moved down to tease the sensitive nipples again, now hard and extended with excitement. Amanda was flat on her back now, but still she didn't object. Jane smiled at me and as she climbed off, the two of us laid down on her either side, turning her face this way and that, sharing kisses and fondling her firm, ripe body. 

"I think it's about time we got rid of this, don't you?" Jane said to me, tugging lightly at the loose wrap-around top retaining Amanda's otherwise unfettered breasts. I smiled and looked at Amanda. She just shrugged. 

Slowly and sensually, Jane began to untie the bow at Amanda's tummy, gently pulling the cords securing it around her waist, as I moved in to kiss her again. With one hand on her chin and the other behind her head, I kept one eye on Jane's progress with Amanda's loose top as my tongue began to reach inside her mouth. 

I was pleasantly surprised as Amanda extended her tongue for me. It was so long, and so warm and wet, like a soft cock in my mouth, and I began to suck on it erotically, as if trying to stiffen it. I guided her hand down between my thighs and was delighted that she seemed happy to oblige as I moved my hips in sympathy with her inquisitive fingers. 

The cords were loose now, and Jane was carefully pulling at them from where they passed behind her back. First one side then the other, until only the two triangular shaped pieces of material laid loose across Amanda's chest, still hiding her ample charms. 

Jane looked down at the girl, licking her lips in anticipation. "Too late to change your mind now honey," she whispered, shaking her head slightly. Amanda just bit her lip as Jane lifted first one side then the other, peeling the loose material back to open the front of the garment, affording us our first unobstructed view of Amanda's delicious, ripe young breasts. "There," Jane purred in her low, sexy voice. "That's more comfortable isn't it." 

"Oh my God. You are so beautiful," I told her. She just smiled, making no attempt to cover herself, but her head reached up to kiss me again. My hand instinctively moved to grip one beautiful breast as our lips melded together. She turned her face toward Jane, writhing around as I reached up to kiss and lick her lovely slender neck, while squeezing her breast gently. 

She whimpered softly, tossing her head from side to side as I noticed Jane from the corner of my eye. She was propped up on one elbow holding the other breast, squeezing and kneading it lovingly, teasing the large bobble nipple with her thumb and forefinger as she reached down to caress it with her lips. She licked and sucked on it gently making Amanda groan with pleasure while parting her legs to allow the inquisitive fingers of Jane's free hand to explore her. 

I glanced up at the clock. It was a few minutes before 9pm. We had met this girl for the first time less than an hour ago and already Jane had her laid on her back half undressed, and teasing her pussy through her panties. 'How does she do it?' I thought as I resumed sharing wonderful deep tongued kisses with the girl. 

Amanda raised her knees, crossed her legs and squeezed them together again. "Someone is getting very wet methinks," Jane said with a saucy smile. "You look after these," she told me, jiggling one firm breast and producing a tormented groan from Amanda, "and I'll see what we can do to help," she added with a grin. 

I moved down to kiss and lick at one firm breast while squeezing the other, as Jane slid from the sofa-bed beside Amanda, to kneel on the floor. I noticed a slightly sweaty scent from Amanda's underarm, but it didn't deter me at all. Quite the contrary in fact... I love the taste of unwashed skin. I feel that soap taints the flavour of beautiful flesh and I would have loved to sample what Amanda had to offer, but I didn't think she was quite ready for that just yet, so I settled for merely lapping all around those beautiful ripe breasts. 

Meanwhile Jane nestled on the floor, kissing Amanda's bare knees as I went about my task of driving the girl crazy, licking all around one delicious nipple then the other, sucking the beautiful bobble up into my mouth, then letting it plop back again, making Amanda moan as she closed her eyes in pleasure. 

"What are you doing to me?" she groaned. 

"Didn't we discuss this already?" Jane laughed in reply, pushing the knees a little wider. 

Amanda pushed her head back into the bed, raising her bottom, and I looked down to see Jane, who had unzipped the side of Amanda's skirt and was even now sliding it down off her hips and over her thighs to reveal the briefest pair of red lace panties that matched her lovely frilly top perfectly. 

"You'll ruin your clothes," I told Jane, in a jealous, scolding tone. I hadn't intended it to come out that way, it just happened, and I regretted it as soon as I had said it. 

She gave me a forgiving sideways look. "Hmmm... Always the practical one," she grinned. She guided Amanda's free hand to the gusset of her lovely lace panties saying, "There. I want to watch you play with yourself," as she stood. 

"This isn't fair," Amanda complained hesitantly, working the middle finger of her hand into the groove in her panties while reaching to play with my breasts through my top. 

"What's not fair about it my lovely," I asked her, returning the compliment by gently rolling her nipple between my thumb and forefinger. 

"Well..." she said bashfully, "you're undressing me... but you're both still fully dressed." 

"Well? You know how buttons work, don't you?" I smiled. She looked up at me, uncertain as to whether to do it or not. She was on her back, her top wide open and had just been deprived her of her skirt, yet she was still unsure about opening my blouse. 

"We're still going to have our fun with you honey," Jane told her, "whether you join in or not." 

Amanda gave me a sheepish smile. "It's ok my love," I told her. "Just kiss me and play with me. I like it." 

I cupped her face between my hands and we kissed again, long and slow this time, as Jane crouched again, sliding her hands up and down our lovely guest's parted thighs, tormenting the poor girl by stroking her thumbs right at the very tops of Amanda's thighs. Suddenly Amanda was kissing me urgently, and squeezing my breasts in her hands. I knew what was happening without even having to look. Jane would have been massaging Amanda's labia with her thumbs, and almost certainly teasing the clitoris through her panties too. 

Amanda began hurriedly fiddling with the buttons on my blouse and almost tore the top open in her haste. "Take it easy," I said with a gentle laugh, "they're not going anywhere." 

"Hmmm... That's better," she smiled, reaching inside to play with my breasts. It felt lovely having her fondle me, and I leaned over her, trapping her hand between her body and mine as she squeezed me. 

We continued to kiss, with Amanda lying back, enjoying the attention we were both giving her. She had such a beautiful long tongue which she extended like a short thick cock sticking up out of her mouth, and I sucked on it, slowly bobbing my head and enjoying the sensation, while imagining an entirely different situation. She was breathing more heavily with each passing second, until at last she pushed me away, trembling as she let out a cry, gasping and panting, which left me in no doubt that Jane's expert fingers had already performed their magic. 

Amanda looked at me and smiled. "You two are amazing," she breathed. 

"You're pretty hot yourself," I told her as I slipped the blouse from my shoulders, dropping it to one side. I shuffled up beside her and lay back under her arm as she held me close, my head resting on her shoulder. There I could discreetly savour her natural scent as she cuddled me close, while the pair of us anticipated Jane, preparing to treat us to an erotic show. 

Our hostess stood back and began to sing, making 'Da Da - Da Da' sounds, singing the tune of a piece called 'The Stripper', while gyrating around and removing first her slinky black top, to reveal a black open cup peek-a-boo bra; next her sexy trousers, revealing a pair of black lace cami-knickers atop the most delicious looking pale, creamy thighs that any girl could hope for, then finally removing the bra and releasing her beautiful firm, full breasts. 
