 The sun was sinking slowly from view when I spotted a red Miata pulled off to the side of the road. I slowed my motorcycle. A girl stepped out from behind the car. She was young, probably not much older than 20 or 21. She was gorgeous. A typical blond haired blue eyed beauty. Seeing this young girl in her black skin tight yoga pants, yellow running shoes and a skin tight yellow shirt was very enticing. She was trim and very much in shape! I pulled over behind the car. I climbed off my bike and walked up to her.

I lifted up the visor on my helmet and asked, "Do you need any help Miss?"

"Yeah, I might. My car won't start. It just kinda died on me." She said.

I walked over to her car, reached in and turned the key. It made a clicking sound but wouldn't turn over.

"Yeah, it looks like it won't start. I think you'll need a mechanic. Do you want a ride into town?" I gestured to the bike and bowed.

She looked at the bike and then at me. She hesitated for a moment before she finally said, "I...I guess so..."

She didn't sound very sure but she followed me to the bike. I got on my hog, turned to the young blond before me and motioned to her to get on. She looked uncertain, then after a moment she came over, threw her leg over my steel stallion. Soon she had her arms around my waist as we took off. I loved having such a beautiful young girl holding on to me. I started off fast, her grip tightened. I smiled to myself and sped up in response. She held firm but seemed to relax once we got to cruising speed. We got to town far too soon for my liking. I leaned back and asked her where to drop her off?

The young girl said. "The nearest station with a tow truck. Please."

I knew of one in the area. Before I knew it, we were there. The blond was off the bike and thanking me, I nodded and roared off. A quick look in my mirror and then she was gone from view.

A few days later I was at a stop light when a car pulled up beside. The car honked. I turned and looked over, it was the beautiful young girl that I had helped. I didn't expect to see her again. I nodded in acknowledgement and she smiled. Pulling from the light, she motioned for me to follow her into a parking lot, which I did.

I pulled up next to her car and she smiled, "Hey there, I just wanted to say thanks for the ride the other day."

She took out a piece of paper and scribbled on it quickly. It was the name and address of a local restaurant. I took it and stuffed it in my pocket.

She started to pull away, but not before saying, "I work there. I am there Friday and Saturday until close. Your meal is on me! I hope you come in!"

Then she was gone again. I knew the place and smiled to myself. It was one of those places where the girls wear skimpy, tight fitting outfits as they serve you. A smile grin formed over my face. Okay, I'll bite.

Two nights later I walked into the restaurant and soon spotted her. I stood there a moment before she spotted me and came over. She was definitely very attractive. She was wearing her skimpy shorts, which accentuated her long toned legs. Her white shirt fit snugly on her body, showing off her full firm tits and slim waist. It was enough to make my heart skip a beat. Damn was she hot!

"My station is over here" She said.

I sat down at the table she pointed to. The young girl turned and went towards the counter. She came back just as I took my helmet off. Her voice trailed off as she looked at me. Then I realized she had never seen me with the helmet off. She caught herself and her smile reappeared.

It felt awkward so I spoke first. "It's the helmet, most people assume its a guy so when it comes off, it's a surprise!!!!"

She smiled and said. "Oh no, I was just being blond for a minute."

She extended her hand and we shook hands.

I said. "I'm PJ"

She took a step back, and pointed to her name tag. "Yvonne"

We made small talk and I ordered a sandwich. She kept her distance but kept looking over at me. She refused to meet my eyes. Ah, the life of a dyke on a bike. I ate my meal and went to leave.

She came over and smiled. "Well thanks again for the ride. You totally rescued me! I hope you come in again." She was off and I left.

It seemed fate wasn't content with just a casual meeting. I spotted her at the same light at the same time a few days later. We just looked at each other. Neither of us noticed that the light had turned green until the car behind her honked his horn. Yvonne drove off. I decided 'what the hell' and followed behind her. We ended up at her restaurant. She parked her car as I pulled my motorcycle next to her. I didn't take the helmet off. I slid the visor up and she smiled.

"Hey Yvonne..." I took out a pen and a piece of paper. I wrote my name and number on it. "...if you ever need to be rescued...or if you want to go for a ride..."

Yvonne studied the number and smiled. "I'm just here to pick up my paycheck. How about we go for a ride today?"

I was surprised that she said yes! She went and got her check and returned. Soon she was climbing on the back of my bike. Her arms went around my waist. Damn it felt good to have such a beautiful girl holding on to me. I felt her relax and we took off. We were soon out of town and into wide open. We cruised several roads with no particular destination in mind. We didn't talk. We just rode around. It was dark by the time we ended up at the parking lot where her car was. Yvonne got off and we made some small talk for another hour or so.

Finally she yawned and smiled. "Well this was fun but its back to reality for me. Thanks I had a great day!"

I took the helmet off and looked at her. "If there was a guy under this would I get another date?"

Then I caught her hand and pulled her over to me. I wrapped my other arm around the small of her back as I leaned my head in. I inhaled her lovely scent. Then I pressed my lips against her soft succulent lips, kissing her deeply as the intense heat of my lust overtook me. I released her, she just stared at me dumbfounded. I started the bike, put my helmet back on and roared off at speed.

A week went by. I never expected the phone call when it came. Yvonne said to come rescue her and gave me the address. I threw on my nicest pair of jeans, a black t-shirt, leather chaps, boots and my leather vest. When I got there she was out in front waiting for me. I rolled up and stopped. She got on the back without saying a word. I thought of speaking but didn't, we rode off toward the outskirts of town. I found a secluded place where we could be alone and pulled off parking the bike.

We got off and just stood there for a moment, smiling stupidly at each other. She finally spoke. She said that she didn't know why but she couldn't stop thinking about me. I silenced her, putting my finger to her lips, saying "Shhhh, just relax baby." 

I caressed her cheek with my hand before I pulled her face to me, kissing her passionately. I slide my tongue into her hesitant, yet willing mouth. I held her tight to me as we kissed. Then I pulled her down to the ground. We were all over each other.

I kissed her deeply then slid her shirt off and exposed her pink, lacey bra. I pulled the straps of her bra off her shoulders, kissing her collar bone. Then I unhooked her bra and pulled it off of her, revealing firm, full tits with hard pink nipples. I hungrily took one in my mouth and sucked it gently caressing the other. She inhaled sharply as my teeth bit a little too hard. My mouth found her other nipple and I suckled from it with extreme desire. 

The young blond started to respond. I unsnapped her skin tight jeans pulling them off. I immediately noticed the wet spot in the crotch and pulled them off. What welcomed me was a wet pair of pink G-string panties. The material was so small! It barely covered her young sex! I pulled off her tiny panties, noticing a nicely shaved pussy just ripe for taking. I smiled to myself as I admired this perfect body strewn out before me, just waiting for me. 

I scooted down and started to kiss my way up her soft smooth thighs. Her legs quivered as she spread her legs open for me. Yvonne rocked her hips back and forth with my head movement as I began to kiss her succulent pussy lips. I tasted her sweet nectar on my lips. God she was young! I felt a little dirty taking her. But she was definitely all woman! I knew I couldn't stop myself even if I wanted to. I started to gently nibble on her sensitive clit. This beautiful college aged girl was reacting to my every touch, which was arousing me more and more. I sank my tongue into her tight little slit. As I slid my tongue inside her she pushed her hips up into my face. I worked my tongue slowly at first then harder and faster. 

Her body kept in movement to mine, her clit was tight as I pressed a finger inside her. I felt the warmth of her body. I slid a second finger inside her. Yvonne began to spread her legs open even further to take my fingers into her slit. She was panting hard now, letting out little yelps as I pumped in and out of her tight little body. Then Yvonne surprised me when she opened her legs as wide as she could, as if to make room for me to slide another finger inside her. I did and soon she was bucking as I sank a third finger in into her.

Locking my lips around her luscious nipple I sucked hard. She moaned and twisted to find release. I knew she was on the verge of cuming. I didn't want her to climax too soon so I stopped short. I withdrew my well coated fingers from her luscious body. I licked her juices from my fingers. The taste of her nectar on my lips increased my desire. 

I positioned myself between her legs. As I kneeled before her, I unzipped my fly and pulled the penis shaped appendage from down my pant leg, letting it stand at attention before her. I aimed it toward her fresh pussy. I grabbed her hips and pulled Yvonne towards me. I held the head of my cock at her opening for just a moment as I stared into her deep blue eyes. I could see that she was a little nervous, but just as horny was I was. With a wink and a smile, I slid the bulbous head of my strap on passed her tight slit. Yvonne gasped and tensed as I began to penetrate her. Slowly, but surely I drove the length of my shaft all the way inside the young blond. God she was so tight! I smiled to myself, wondering how many men would kill to be inside this gorgeous young woman.

I stayed still for just a moment letting her adjust to its size of my cock. Then I began pumping it in and out of her pussy. I locked my hands on her buttocks and held her tight as I assailed her pussy making her catch her breath. She was moaning loudly with each thrust. Watching her mouth, I could see her bottom lip quiver. I knew she wanted to cum but I slowed my assault and pulled out of her. 

Still holding her buttocks, I lifted her hips up to my mouth. I leaned forward and started to lick her hot little crotch. She pushed up into me as if to rub her hard little clit against my face. I pushed Yvonne away and rolled her over onto her belly. My hand came up under, slid a couple of my fingers into her drenched pussy. I moved my fingers around inside her and felt her heat. I withdrew my hand and brought her up on all fours. I mounted her from behind and began to fuck her doggy style, slamming the flesh colored shaft deep into her then pulling almost out. I drilled her harder and harder until she was slamming back into me. I smiled, seeing her backing up against me as close as she could get. She wanted to take as much of me into her as she could! I was working her tits and tightening my grip on her perfect nipples, twisting them between my fingers, still wet with her juice.

I encouraged her, saying. "Come on girl! That's a girl! Let me have that tight pussy. Way up inside! Way deep inside! Oh fuck yeah!!!" 

Yvonne mumbled something I didn't get but she rocked and bucked on the hard shaft, as I went in and out it of her. I slammed myself against her tight little pussy and then suddenly her whole body just stopped moving. Then I felt her spasm against me and she tightened up as if to hold me inside her. I held her up in doggy style until she swayed and the spasms stopped. She lowered her upper body to the ground, I held her hips up with my hands as I continued driving myself in and out of her. Then I felt my own spasm begin. I held her against my crotch area and pumped off until we were both satisfied. We parted, then and she rolled over onto her back.

I laid beside her naked body for a few minutes, both of us catching our breath. I leaned over and kissed her lightly on the forehead and stood up. I pulled my clothes together and handed her hers. Yvonne put them on and came up to me, again our lips met and she ran her fingers thru my short salt and pepper hair.

"How old are you?" She asked. 

I shook my head and smiled at her. "You don't really want to know do you?"

She studied my face, staring deeply into my eyes. Finally she nodded speaking softly. "Yes I do." 

It took a moment for it to register when I said. "55." 

I watched as she did the math in her head. I knew she couldn't be more than early 20's. But I was curious too, so I asked. "And just how old are you little missy?"

She smiled and said. "20." 

I looked her over from head to toe and inhaled, "God what a ride!" 

I brought her to me and kissed her gently. She responded kissing me back, her tongue pressing between my lips to touch the tip of my own. I began caressing her firm body as she swayed against me. Our passion exploded again and I unbuttoned her jeans, pushing them down along with her tiny little panties. I eased her over the seat of the bike, I reached inside my pants and pulled the strap on out. I felt with my hand until I could once more guide the head of my cock to the wetness bent over before me. The young girl inhaled sharply as I slid it home, driving it all the way inside her tight body. 

I spread her legs wider apart and stepped up close behind her, pushing her small frame into the seat of the bike. I pushed deeper and deeper into her until her feet were off the ground. I was like an animal as I thrusted harder into her. I was grunting loudly as I pounded the gorgeous young woman like a jackhammer. We both came quickly and I felt her go limp against the bike. 

I withdrew myself from between her legs. She didn't move at all for a minute, nor did she utter a word. She simply stood there catching her breath. Finally Yvonne stood up and pulled her panties and jeans back into place. She turned around and we were together again. I picked her up, she wrapped her legs around my waist as we kissed, our tongues swirling around one another. I pulled back and studied her youthful face. She gave me a sweet smile. I could see she was satisfied, for now at least. I pulled my head back in and we kissed for several more minutes.

Finally, I let my young lover down. She walked over to my bike. Yvonne swung her leg over the bike and padded the seat in front of her. I got on and she leaned into me as tight as she could, tightening her arms around my waist. We made it to the spot where I picked her up. She slid off the back of the bike and came to kiss me. She suddenly seemed quite shy about the whole thing. Her voice trailed off as she walked away, waving.

"I'll call" And with that she was gone.

Later that evening the phone rang. I answered it. I smiled, it was Yvonne. She wanted to thank me for the wonderful day we had together. I told her it was as much my pleasure as it was hers. She also told me that she found herself attracted to me but that she was straight and couldn't figure out the attraction. 

I told her. "You probably like bikes and the bad boy image. I just happened to come along at the right time. You were attracted to me even before you know what exactly was under the helmet, a gray haired old dyke with lots of skill using a strap on. So...now what?"

She hesitated. I heard the hesitation in her voice. "I...I don't know."

I told her, "I want to see you again baby."

She promised to call then hung up.

A week later she called. We agreed to meet that night at her place. I wasn't exactly sure what to expect from this meeting but I decided to wear my most butch outfit I had. I put on my biker boots, black leather pants with metal studs, a white tank top underneath my padded black leather jacket. I looked damn good if I do say so myself. I pulled up. I could see her from one of the windows of her place. She smiled and motioned me to the door. I parked the bike and walked up to a small but comfortable condo.

Yvonne opened the door and let me in. We made small talk as we sat down on opposite ends of the couch. She looked really good. She was in a pair of black short shorts and a small red tank top. I slid over beside her. I put my right arm over her shoulder and took my left hand over, caressing her cheek. I placed my fingers on her chin, turning her head towards mine as I leaned in to kiss her. I gave her a light peck on her soft supple lips. My loins were already aching for her. We began to kiss more passionately. She opened her mouth as I slid my tongue into hers. Our tongues were twirling between my mouth and hers as we kissed. 

Her hand fell to my crotch and she felt the firmness down there. She pushed into me, I responded by easing her off me and stood up. She sat on the sofa and watched as I unzipped the fly of my black leather pants. I reached in and pulled my strap on out. I sat back down beside her with my faux cock standing straight up at her. Yvonne smiled. I smiled back at her, kissing her again. Then I motioned for her to kneel on the floor in front of me as I spread my legs open. I stared deeply into her deep blue eyes. She looked so sexy and innocent as she smiled up at me while on her knees. I held one hand on the back of her head and the other one on the shaft guiding it to her pouty lips. 

I put both hands on the back of her head. I gently pressed her head down on my cock. Yvonne parted her lips as I slowly guided it in her beautiful mouth. After a moment, I felt it hit the back of her throat. 

She gagged and tried to pull away but I held her head firm and spoke softly to her. "Go easy baby. Just start taking it in a little at a time. You can do it babe." 

She swallowed and opened her throat to take it in. Before too long I had my girl bobbing her head up and down the length of my shaft. She was starting to get into it! I moved my left hand down underneath Yvonne's red tank top and started to caress her ample tits. I kept my other hand on the back of her head as she deep throated my strap on. The baby soft skin of my little girl's breast felt like a piece of heaven in my hand. I started to rub her nipple between my thumb and forefingers. It didn't take long for it to turn hard in response. Yvonne leaned into my hand. She wanted me to keep fondling her fabulous tits.

Just seeing this young little hottie bobbing up and down on my cock was getting me horny as hell. I pulled Yvonne up into my arms and kissing her with passion for a few minutes. Finally, I motioned for her to stand up. I got up, took my leather jacket off, throwing it on the couch. I grabbed Yvonne's arm and turned her around sharply, she gasped in mild surprise. I came up behind her. My strap on poked her bare skin until it finally bent upward as we pressed our bodies together. 

I pulled Yvonne's hair off to one side as I kissed the back of her neck. I put my hands to either side of her skinny waist. I moved them up her body until my fingers found the bottom of my little girl's tank top. I pulled it over her head and threw it over to the floor. With her top off, I wrapped my arms around her bare chest while I nibbled on her ear.

I whispered into her ear, "You're getting' me horny as hell baby!"

Yvonne replied, "You're getting me hot too!"
