 We had spent a long night out celebrating Joan’s birthday, and Mike, Jerry, she and I (I’m Marie) were on our way home in Mike’s new, roomy SUV. He was our designated driver for the two-hour drive home, and Jerry was up front with him, while Joan and I were in the back on a futon. All of us except Mike had been partying hard and were a bit drunk, so the plan was to stretch out and nap on the way home, since we were heading to the lake tomorrow. We’re all in our late twenties and play hard on the weekends, so we stay in pretty good shape, and since Jerry and Joan moved in next to us last year we’ve spent most of our time together. 

Joan has always been the bolder of the two us, talking me out of my shell and getting me into more fashionable clothes and activities—she’s been really good for me, and I feel closer to her than to my sisters.

“Boy, I love living in the country, but I wish there was a decent club closer.” She said, “I hate this ride home.”

“Me too.” I said. “But, this futon was a great idea.”

“Yeah, it sure was.”

“You girls better go to sleep … we have an early day tomorrow.” Mike said. “Jerry’s already out like a light.”

“Ok, sweetheart, you drive carefully.”

“I’m ready.” Joan said.

We stretched out and got as comfy as we could in the slightly cramped compartment, fluffed our pillows and settled in for our naps. Joan wasn’t used to sleeping on a futon, and couldn’t seem to find a comfortable position, and finally ended up cuddled up against me like two little girls in a bunk bed. I was used to sleeping that way growing up, so I didn’t mind … in fact, it reminded me of sweeter times, and I put my arm over her as she laid her head in my lap and drifted off to sleep. 

Even with the alcohol in me, I couldn’t drift off with the rig going down the road, so I just tried to be still and not disturb Joan. She had cuddled up against me with her head in my lap and her hand up under her chin and resting on my leg. I was wearing a short loose skirt and no underwear, and the skirt had slid up my thighs when we’d gotten comfortable, but in the dark I wasn’t worried about her seeing anything embarrassing. Her face and hand were warm against my leg, and felt so good my mind was wandering into tingly thoughts of Mike and I … I certainly had none of those kind of thoughts about Joan.

I was lost in the memory of the last time Mike and I made love, and my pussy was getting very warm and wet, when I felt Joan move slightly and slip her hand to the top of my thigh. When she moved it slowly to the inside of my leg—my breath froze in my throat. Joan must be still asleep or dreaming, I thought, because she had never made the slightest indication of being interested in women … and neither had I. But at the same moment I thought this, her fingertips began to play with the skin on my inner thigh—this must be some wild dream she’s having!

These touches of hers, woman or not, so soon on the heels of my fantasies of Mike, made my skin pop with goose bumps, and my nipples crinkle tightly. I didn’t know whether to move to wake her, or lie there and see what happened. I didn’t wake her. I could feel her warm breath on my thigh as her fingers tickled my skin, and started a slow move up my leg. I finally breathed out in a low ragged burst. I was aware of Mike and Jerry just feet away from us in the dark, and that added to my fear, and … yes, excitement.

I was getting so wet I could feel it starting to run down my skin onto the futon. I couldn’t believe this was happening, but I didn’t want to wake Joan for fear she’d stop. That’s when I got the shock of my life when her hand gripped my inner thigh and she gave my leg a tender little kiss—asleep my ass!! My pussy throbbed and my nipples sharpened like diamonds. My mind was totally concentrated on her hand as it slipped up towards my now very wet pussy. Her fingers traced a light pattern between my thighs and when her hand reached the point just below my hip, she pushed my legs apart … and I let her. 

With my legs now apart, her fingers moved to the lower lips of my labia, and spread them apart, and moved up the length of those lips, playing with the swollen tissue there, driving my breathing into ragged gasps. I bit into my fist so Mike wouldn’t hear my moans, and moved my hips in time with her fingers. When she took my clit between her thumb and finger, and rolled it around, it was all I could do not to cry out—I almost came right then. She kissed my thigh again, and quietly slid her body over and between my legs, and a wave of warmth washed through me with the thought of what she was about to do. I should put a stop to this … but I couldn’t—I was lost to anticipation. 

She moved into me with little kisses to the inside of my thigh and skin at the joining of my thigh and hip, and moved her tongue over to the skin just below my pussy. She twirled her tongue there, and teased me with tracings of wet trails around the skin of my labia, but not quite on my pussy yet. She was driving me wild, and I almost couldn’t keep quiet. She worked back down to the bottom of my pussy, and entered my swollen lips with the length of her tongue, and filled me with one long lick-right up to my clit. It was exquisite! 

She took my clit into her lips and sucked on it softly while rolling it around with her tongue, and my ragged breath and hips kept time with her rhythm. I was close to coming as she slipped two fingers inside me and stroked the front wall of my vagina, and drove me absolutely wild (as wild as I could get and not scare the hell out of Mike). As her fingers rubbed me harder and harder, she sucked harder on my clit in time with her fingers, and my hips and breathing kept pace with her. A hot wave washed over me as I came hard; silver spots filled my eyes as a rush of white noise filled my head, and my hips almost bucked Joan off, but she stayed right with me as I had the most earth-shattering orgasm I’d had … and the most silent. My lungs wanted to explode with screams, but I knew the guys wouldn’t understand this situation … hell, neither did I, so I bit into my fist harder and swallowed my cries and let the second and third orgasm wash though me as Joan kept hold of my pussy with that wonderful mouth of hers.

As my body settled down, she released me and kissed my pussy with those tender kisses of hers, and moved away to my hip and thigh again, and with another quiet movement slid back into her previous sleeping position. She snuggled in and drifted off to sleep as I lay there in wonder at what had just happened. She hadn’t looked at me or tried to say a word the whole time, and I didn’t know what to make of it … just that it had been the most incredible sexual experience of my life.

End