 There was a new girl start at work. There was a big buzz about her before she'd even started. The team was badly understaffed, over pressured and highly stressed. Her arrival would relieve some of the pressure felt by everyone and already she was up on a pedestal as some kind of saviour. I had been off the day she came in for her interview so I was looking forward to meeting this girl for the first time. She came with great recommendations and everyone who had met her only had good things to say.

On her first day everyone dressed a little smarter than usual in an attempt to impress her and befriend her, office politics out in full force. Usually I tried to keep out of that, get on with everyone and float between the different groups and departments, today however, I joined in. It was me who had been chosen to be her mentor, and I was very slightly smug about that. Like everyone else, i had dressed a little smarter than usual in a tight black pencil skirt with a red silk blouse tucked in. The red colour really complimented my skin tone and I know I looked good, other than the comments the sleazy print room intern had made, I had caught a few people doing a double take, I felt hot and my confidence was sky high. 

Impatient for her arrival, I went down to reception at ten to meet her, even though she wasn't due for another half an hour. After making small talk with the receptionist and hearing the latest office gossip I grew even more agitated. I don't know what was wrong with me. Usually I'm very calm and laid back, but here I was, caught up in the hype and tightly wound. I knew what I needed. I picked my phone up from the small coffee table in the waiting area I had set it on and sent a quick text to my fiancé.

All I can think about is grinding my wet little clit on your throbbing, hard cock. Be on time tonight.

I smirked in satisfaction. That should have him equally as distracted as I am for the rest of the day. I felt a little throb between my legs that he might even get hard over that little text. Man, I was horny today.

I set my phone back down and glanced up to, noticing a flash of red whiz past the window behind the reception desk. My thoughts drifting away from my fiances uncomfortably swollen cock to what the red could possibly be, I completely missed her entrance. An almost end awed hush fell across the room, the only sound that could be heard was the buzz of the air conditioning. Her voice broke my thoughts and snapped my attention back.

She was the red. Her hair the most gorgeous, bright and vibrant red I had ever seen. There was no question that it was her natural colour. Artificial dye just wouldn't come close to the beauty of that colour. It was slightly wavy and very soft looking, the sunlight streaming through the windows reflected light off it as she moved. It must have been her hair in the light breeze that I has seen pass the window.

So dazzled by her hair, I didn't take in the rest of her immediately. My eyes travelled down her back, her legs. Her back was to me and she was wearing a camel coloured trench coat, hiding her body from my view. I guessed she must be wearing a skirt similar to mine as her calves were clad in natural coloured tights, her feet encased in black patent leather spike heel shoes.

'I'm Charlotte, it's my first day...'

Her voice floated across the room, her nerves evident. I jumped into action, pleased to be able to take control of the situation and my ever throbbing clit.

Crossing the room until I reached her, I stood by her side, smiling up at her. 

I'm not sure what I had been expecting, but the first thing that struck me was how young she was. Until today, at 22 I was the youngest member of staff in this building, but as I took in her flawless pale, milky complexion, her large, clear green eyes and full pink lips I placed her age around 19. She was stunning. So delicate and dainty looking, a few freckles splattered across her nose and cheeks giving the impression of a china doll.

Blinking and regaining my senses I smiled once again. 'Hi Charlotte, I'm Amy. Lets get you signed in shall we, then sort you out with a cup of tea.' I hoped my smile was warm, welcoming. I had an urge to make her feel comfortable, to get rid of the obvious nerves she had.

Se smiled gratefully at me and Sue took over the process of checking her and her car in. Once she was done I turned back to her. 'Ready?'

She nodded in response, eyes wide, taking in the modern reception area. I lead the way, using my staff pass card to open the electronic doors. 

It wasn't just her beauty that had me gazing in wonder at her throughout the day. It wasn't just her fucking fantastic rack either. There was something captivating about her. Her innocence, her beauty, her pure femininity coupled with her self consciousness, her nerves. She had me mesmerised. I wanted to protect her. Save her from the parasite men in this office who I just knew would be jacking off to her tonight. She was mine, not theirs.

But most of all I wanted her to blossom, she was almost perfect. She was certainly perfect to look at, but she had no confidence. Not her her ability to do her job, her personality, her looks. I needed to give her confidence, I just didn't know how. I wondered if she'd ever come. I mean properly come. An earth shattering, all consuming pleasure. I knew that would boost my confidence. Shocked at my thoughts I shook my head, my gaze again falling to her large tits. I was a 32DD, but my god, she was bigger than me, maybe a 36 E or even an F. They looked so perky though. Again I shook my head, dispelling the thought. Whatever has come over me I need to snap out of it.

***

He was late. How could he be fucking late. I was desperate to relieve the tension that had built up in me throughout the day, the intensity increasing with every moment I was in her presence. I couldn't wait for him, I'd have to start alone. I huffed out a sign, dumping my bag in the kitchen, kicking my heels off as I made my way into the bedroom. I briefly considered using a vibrator, but in all honesty I was just too desperate to get started to dig one out of the naughty drawer and check batteries. My fingers were already stroking over the silk material covering my breasts. I could feel my nipples were hard against the fabric of my bra. I used my nail to drag over it, it tingled but it wasn't enough. I needed more. My fingers danced to the buttons in my shirt, quickly and efficiently undoing them, sliding my palms down over my stomach to the waist band of my skirt, then back up my ribs, cupping my breasts. I gave a quick squeeze and a little groan, the desire to feel bare skin rising. I almost ripped off my blouse and bra, leaving them in a pool on the floor. The heat from my hands burning into my soft, sensitive breasts as I held them, my fingertips teasing and tickling over my skin, causing goosebumps to rise. I shivered and hissed as I pinched a nipple, rolling the hard bud between my fingers, pulling it slightly, then releasing with a sigh. My left hand carried on teasing my breast and rolling my rock hard nipple as my right fought frantically with the zip and button on my skirt, desperately trying to wriggle out of it. 

I gave up on it, my hands shaking from tension needing to be relieved, they'd never manage the fiddly buttons in this state. Instead I grabbed the hem and yanked it up, only satisfied once it was bunched up around my waist and out of the way. Laying back on my bed, my legs spread, giving me the access i craved. My fingertips ran over the damp crotch of my silk panties, then down my inner thighs. My hips bucked up and I bit my lip, trailing my fingers back and dipping my index finger inside the elastic of the silk, running over my smooth, wet, wanting lips. Fuck I was wet.

Charlotte popped into my head, her impressive breasts. I wondered briefly what her nipples would be like. I found nothing hotter than small nipples on large breasts. With that thought in my head I could hold back no longer, my index finger found my protruding clit, swollen and desperate for attention. I stroked over it once, twice, letting out a hiss. Reluctantly I released my nipple from between my fingers, ripping my panties off and discarding them to the floor. Two hands now free to pleasure my needy pussy. My index finger carried on teasing my clit, circling and stroking around it making myself gasp and moan in pleasure. The newly free hand got to work quickly, stroking up and down my slick slit, gently pushing in further each time, feeling the heat, the silky wetness as parted myself, until my fingers were at my entrance. And image of Charlotte came into my head as I pushed two fingers inside myself. Her naked tit, her nipple hard, my teeth locked around it, gently nibbling, the pleasure on her face as I teased it, her moan of delight.

I was starting to cry out now, the desperate need to come at pitch fever. My clit throbbing, so, so close, my fingers in a frenzy, pumping in and out of my tight, wet hole, the heat emanating from my pussy spreading like a fire through my body until it engulfed me entirely, the pleasure, the release shooting through me until I was a whimpering, trembling mass. Her face floated into my mind now, her eyes bright, sparkling, her smile teasing. As if she knew what I'd just done, what I'd thought about doing.

Fuck. 

What was happening to me. 

I had never masturbated while thinking about a girl before.

Then again, never had a girl has such an effect on me before.