 It was two weeks into my freshman year and I was finally getting the hang of university life. The difference between university and high school was stunning, and it took a little getting used to. There was no one there to tell you what to do, when to get up, what to eat, when to go to class, or whom you could associate with. Almost immediately I discovered that if I let things slide for some days, I shouldn't fall behind in my studies. So it seemed as if I could spend most of my life in exploring the big city and making new friends. My roommate was another matter!

Her name was Roula, and although she seemed nice enough, when ever I was around, all she would be doing was listening to the stereo or watching the soaps on television! She had another habit that I found not annoying! Even though the girl had a closet full of expensive clothing, she always lolled around the apartment either naked, or with just a pair of bikini panties. It was difficult to make conversation with her when she standing there in her birthday suit. It wasn't that she had an ugly body, far from it, although she was a little on the thin side, Roula had cute perky boobs with up turned pink nipples that always seemed to be hard, a flat tummy, tight little bottom, and slender legs. She was only about five feet tall and I guessed about one hundred pounds, but all in all a very sexy looking girl. Of course I had a two years experience in sex with another girl but it was still hard for me to do the beginning. I must admit that I liked to stroke myself thinking of Roula naked but I was waiting for her to do the first step...

It was late on a Friday evening and I was coming in from a long night in a pub when Roula asked: "Do you spend every waking moment here and there?" 

"I have to," I replied, "I can't afford to waste my time here doing nothing!" 

Roula hopped up off the bed and went to the refrigerator to get a can of Coke, she popped open the can right in my face as she walked past me, giving her naked ass a little shake as she plopped down back on the bed with her legs splayed wide open! I could feel the hot wave rising up my neck and cheeks. I couldn't turn my eyes away from the overt display Roula was giving me! 

"I'm going to take a shower," I stammered, "do you need to use the bath room before I go in?" 

"Naw," Roula shot back between sips of her diet Coke, "go ahead, I'm fine." 

"Is this the first step?" I wondered. "Will she finally try to seduce me? Well... let's play!" I had already decided to leave the bathroom door not only unlocked but also slightly open.

It had been a long day, and the hot needles of water cascading against my skin relaxed my aching muscles. 

"Mmmmmm," I sighed, "where are you baby?", while running my soapy hands over my big breasts, causing my nipples to stiffen and stand up like little erection. 

It hadn't been a long time since my last orgasm, but my mind was more on my breasts than the door that was silently sliding open and letting Roula slip quietly in behind me. 

"Ohhhhh, you have a beautiful body," Roula whispered, as she slid her hands around my waist while cupping my breasts from the rear! 

"What are you doing in hear?" I stammered, playing my role, while pushing the little brunette's hands away and turning to face her tormentor. 

"Oh, relax," Roula said in a soothing voice, "I 've always wondered what these looked like and I must say that I'm very impressed", as she reached out my hard nipples. 

"Stop that," I said (trying to be angry) while knocking Roula's hands away one more time, "I'm not a gay". 

"Neither am I," Roula replied, "but there's nothing that says we can't have a little fun now and then is there." 

I was stunned into silence when Roula did just what I was waiting for! She reached down and stuck a finger inside of my wet vagina! 

"What have we here?" Roula crowed, "I think our little miss goody two shoes has a hot little pussy!" 

"Roula," I stammered, "stop that this instant, it's wrong, we can't... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... please stop it right now!" 

My mouth was saying no, but my body was saying yes, and it writhed around as Roula drove her finger in and out of my tight hungry pussy! 

"Vicky," Roula asked, "doesn't that feel nice in your pussy?" 

"Yes," I panted, "but isn't it wrong?" 

"How can anything that feels so good be wrong?" asked Roula innocently, while at the same time fingering me. 

"I don't know," I replied, "I think that it just is." 

"Hmmmm, I wonder if this is wrong too" Roula said just before taking one of my erect nipple into her mouth. 

"Mmmm," I moaned pressing her head on my breast, "that feels wonderful... oh my... suck it harder, please, suck it harder!" 

"So, you like that, huh?" Roula whispered, "do you want me to make you cum, honey?" 

"Oh, yes!" I hissed through clenched teeth, "do me babe... oh yes... finger me... yes... just like that, babe... do it harder... don't stop... ohh... ohhhh... I 'm so..." 

Roula jammed her finger in and out of my now bucking pussy as my orgasm ripped through my wildly contracting flower. When I was totally spent, I leaned against the shower wall to keep from collapsing on my wobbly legs! Roula then took me by the arm and led me out of the stall and over to her bed where she sat me down and began drying me off!

There was a glazed look in my eyes, and I offered no resistance when Roula laid me back on the bed, climbed between my open thighs, and gently began tonguing my very aroused clit.

Lifting her head from the sweet little snatch, Roula asked: "Have you ever had you pussy eaten before?" 

"No," I whispered back a new lie, "never!"

Taking her tongue and running it up and down my crack, Roula finally concentrated on the little bud of a clitoris that was sticking out between the folds of my pussy lips and that brought a long low moan from my mouth, because whenever I am getting my clit licked it feels better than anything I have ever experienced! 

"You're getting close again, aren't you?" Roula asked sweetly between licks. 

"Oh, don't stop!" I panted, "please don't stop!" 

"I won't," Roula whispered, "but you have to do something for me!" 

"Oh, my God!" I moaned, "what ever you want, just don't stop, lick me to the end" 

"Well," Roula replied softly, "would you mind to much if I put my pussy over your mouth?" 

"No, go ahead, but keep sucking me, I'm so close!" I begged. 

Quick as a cat, Roula scooted up onto the bed and lowered her dripping lips on to my mouth.

"Okay, baby," she said, "you take care of Roula, and Roula will take care of you". 

I was completely happy because everything went accord to my dreams and having Roula's pussy in my mouth was actually very arousing! 

"Mmmmmm!" I hummed into the steaming organ, as Roula shifted her weight around so as to get the maximum pleasure from her cunt lapping. When she was sure that everything was lined up just right, she leaned over and took my pussy back into her mouth and began tonguing the hard little clit one more time.

From then we licked and sucked each other until both of our pussies were flushed and ready to climax into each other's mouth. I groaned into Roula's steamy flower as my own cunt contracted, wringing the blood out of my engorged organ. Roula's pussy, feeling the vibration of my groan, lurched hard several times, sending Roula over the edge and crashing on the rocks of compete sexual satisfaction. 

"Vicky baby," said Roula a little later, "you have a rare talent on making a woman feel good!"

I laughed and Roula continued: "You gave me the best lick I 'd ever had!" 

I smiled but didn't say nothing except: "Let me practice my talent once again honey and tomorrow I'll tell you more about this talent!" 

When I lowered again my head on her still hot pussy she was still wondering what the damn my last words were meaning but she forgot everything when my middle finger started to stroke her ass hole...