 The car turned onto Winter street and Sasha felt her pulse quicken as a hundred different emotions swirled in her head. She tried to think up an excuse to duck out quickly but she convinced herself it would be better to humor her new boss.

Natalie pulled the car around to the back of the Rosebud and produced a tube of lipstick from her purse. She traced a tight line along her lips and Sasha couldn't help but notice how horrible it looked on her. Natalie pursed her lips together and said, "Gotta look my best for Candy."

Sasha's heart skipped a beat at the mention of Candy's name and all the effort she spent trying to forget about her unraveled. A familiar heat built up between her thighs and she fought the urge to touch herself. She started playing with her hair as a distraction, but she remembered how Candy's hair had felt during their first encounter and the heat intensified.

"C'mon. You can thank me later." Natalie stepped out of the car and Sasha quickly followed. She was suddenly aware at how shabby she looked in her ripped jeans and a hoodie, and how she wanted to look her best for Candy. A wave of nerves washed over her as the bouncer let them inside. She had to take a deep breath before she entered the back of the club, but once she was inside her nervousness vanished. Natalie found the owner, Laura, and motioned Sasha to join her.

"This is the tough bitch I was telling you about. You should see her in a mosh pit, she's amazing." Laura gave a fake smile and eyed Sasha curiously. "Think you could find her a sweet girl for tonight?"

"I've got one in mind. She'll be perfect for her." Laura glanced across the room and nodded to a petite brunette girl in fishnet leggings. She walked smoothly over to Sasha and with a practiced shyness, she asked, "Do you want a dance, cutie?"

Sasha reluctantly agreed, and noticed that Natalie had found Candy. A hot feeling of jealousy tightened in her chest. Suddenly, being with Candy was the only thing that made sense to her. She stared longingly at Candy, until finally she was graced with a wink. Her insides turned to jelly, but the brunette girl started to fidget impatiently and grabbed Sasha by the hand. "Come with me cutie," she said with too much enthusiasm, and led her past Candy. Sasha heard Candy whisper "What took you so long?" as she passed by her. Sasha ached to be with her again but she was being led away.

The brunette led her to one of the back rooms and told Sasha her name but she forgot it instantly. Sasha sat silently while she went to work on her. Some terrible song was playing in the background, and soon everything the poor brunette did just came off as annoying. She slapped her ass playfully and invited Sasha to do the same. Sasha rolled her eyes and obliged just to placate the girl. It was a pretty nice ass, and Sasha might have enjoyed the dance if she hadn't already had eyes for Candy. Knowing that Natalie probably had her hands all over her made Sasha fume, and she couldn't explain why.

"What's wrong cutie?" The brunette girl was standing over Sasha with an over the top pouty expression on her face. "I think I know what will cheer you up!" She leaned over Sasha and started running her hands through Sasha's hair while her breasts brushed against her face. Sasha played along to avoid offending the girl but she was basically counting the minutes to get away.

She left the booth minus the money she couldn't afford to spend and looked around for Natalie. She was nowhere to be found. Sasha felt her temper start to flare up again and found a neglected cigarrette on a table that was still lit. She hadn't smoked in weeks but she needed one more than ever. Grabbing the cigarrette, she walked outside and waited by the car for Natalie.

After what felt like hours, Natalie finally emerged and sauntered over to the car. She placed her hands over her heart in a mock gesture and gushed, "I think I'm in love!" She giggled at herself and got into the car. All Sasha wanted to do was go home and curl up next to Vikki. This night couldn't have been worse she thought to herself.

Natalie drove her home, and she found Vikki asleep on the couch. Shaking her awake, Sasha whispered, "come on babe, let's go to bed." Vikki looked up at her, half asleep and said, "wait... I'm mad at you."

Sasha shook her head and picked up Vikki to take her to the bedroom. "You can be mad at me tomorrow instead, okay babe?" Vikki smiled and nodded and Sasha plopped her into bed before falling asleep almost instantly.

Sasha awoke to Vikki dropping the coin on her face. "Care to explain?" She asked indignantly. Still half asleep, Sasha stared at the coin in confusion. Suddenly it dawned on her what this meant, and her brain worked furiously to come up with an excuse.

"Oh, that's from my new boss. She loves going to this club downtown and she dragged me along. I couldn't wait to get out of there."

Vikki studied Sasha's face to try and suss out the truth, and decided she was satisfied with the excuse. "You know you don't need to go there. I can be sexy too." Vikki got on all fours and crawled along the mattress towards Sasha. She began to kiss the nape of Sasha's neck, and Sasha purred.

"Sasha..." Vikki breathed softly into Sasha's ear. "I'm pregnant." Vikki pulled back to meet Sasha's eyes, and Sasha leapt forward to kiss her. Secretly Sasha was terrified, and kissed Vikki so her face wouldn't betray her. Vikki was surprised by the abruptness of the kiss, but quickly she melted into it.

When they pulled away from each other, Vikki exclaimed excitedly, "I missed my period. The woman at the sperm bank told me that means I'm pregnant! I almost can't believe it."

She grabbed Sasha's hand and rested it on her belly. "It's probably too soon to feel her, right?" Sasha tried to think of something to say. She managed, "I love you babe." That usually did the trick with Vikki. In her mind she was in full blown panic mode. It was happening too fast.

"We need to set up an appointment with the doctor soon. The woman at the bank told me about their clinic."

"Are you sure we can afford that?"

Vikki put her hands on her hips. She let out an exasperated sigh. "Are you really asking how much it's gonna cost? Oh my god, Sash. This is our baby. I thought you got a new job anyway."

"Yeah, I know. I'm just worried is all. I haven't gotten paid yet. Look... you can set up the appointment. I'll be there for you."

Vikki looked her over for a moment and then assaulted her with kisses. She snuggled up against Sasha and rested her head on her chest. After a short time, she asked Sasha, "We're gonna be ok, right? If we're having money problems you should tell me. We need to talk more. I know things are changing but I still love you."

Vikki was right. She usually was. They spent the rest of the day on the couch, watching TV and trading soft kisses until Sasha announced, "Shit I've got to get to work. I'll see you when I get out. Love you." Vikki pouted as she kissed her goodbye and whispered "I'll miss you."

Sasha spent most of the night bored out of her mind as she stood by the door, waving people inside. She didn't bother to check anyone's ID since nearly everyone there was a regular. Drinking at a bar and working at a bar were two vastly different things she decided. She was halfway through counting the nails in the floorboards when she heard Natalie say the word "Candy" and giggle. Adrenaline shot through her body and she clenched her teeth impulsively. Her thoughts wandered back to the first night at The Rosebud and soon that was all she could think about. She daydreamed about rolling Candy's nipples through her fingertips and how Candy expertly fingered her. She imagined fucking her in a dozen different positions until Natalie's voice brought her out of her reverie.

"Hey Sash, why don't you take the rest of the night off. This place is dead tonight."

Sasha had to blink her fantasies away as reality set back in. It was hours before she was expected home and daydreaming about Candy was making her crazy. She decided that she had to see her again to get it out of her system. She started walking automatically towards The Rosebud. It wasn't long before she could see the sign for the building, and her pace accelerated along with her heartbeats.

There were a lot more people there this time, and Sasha glanced around hoping to catch a glimpse of Candy. She ordered a drink to try and calm her nerves and wandered around the club. Out of the corner of her eye, Sasha found Candy walking from one of the back rooms. At the sight of her, she nearly choked on her drink and decided to abandon the half-full glass on a table. She pushed her hair behind her ear and made her way towards Candy. All notions of discretion forgotten, she breathed, "take me right now. I need you so badly." She knew how stupid she sounded and how ridiculous she was being, but she didn't care. She wasn't lying. She needed Candy.

Candy smiled her seductive smile and Sasha felt her legs quiver. "I knew you were going to be trouble. Wait for me. I'll be out in a couple of hours."

Sasha nearly died at the thought of waiting so long. She felt like a wild animal in heat. Candy ran her hand along Sasha's belly, her fingers sneaking into Sasha's jeans, stopping just shy of her flower. She held it there for a moment and said, "I think you and I are going to have a lot of fun together." All Sasha could do was bite her lip and nod. Candy withdrew her hand and Sasha gasped sharply. Sasha was so turned on that the tiniest attention to her cunt threatened to send her over the edge.

Candy turned and walked out of sight. Sasha found the nearest chair and melted into it. It took all of her willpower to wait there patiently. She put her hands between her legs and squeezed her thighs together to try and fight her uncomfortable horniness.

Sitting in the chair, Sasha let the world wash over her. Doubt filled her head once more with so much time alone in her thoughts. She started to question everything about her life. She thought about Vikki at home with the baby. She remembered how one of her mothers left when she was young and how she hated the unknown woman. Was she anything like that woman that abandoned her?

But before she could get too far down that rabbit hole, Candy was there, beckoning her. She rose in a daze and her memories dissolved to the back of her mind. She followed Candy outside, and her jaw dropped as Candy jumped into a red Mustang convertible and smiled at her. "You coming?" Candy yelled over the sound of her engine being revved.

Sasha wondered how many more surprises Candy had in store for her as she got in and they sped off. Candy drove with an easy confidence and Sasha marvelled at the interior of a car that was worth more than she had earned in her entire life.

Before long they had left the city behind and Candy turned into a gated driveway just outside the city limits. The gates opened automatically and a beautiful stone villa appeared before them.

"Holy shit, you live here?" Sasha gasped.

Candy actually laughed at Sasha's comment. "No, no. This is what I call my 'funhouse'. Come on, I'll show you around."

Sasha began to suspect that there was much more to Candy than met the eye as she led her by the hand through the vast interior of the house. Each room they entered was more exotic and exquisite than the one before it and Sasha felt childlike in awe. Not just of the house but of Candy and the mystique surrounding her. Finally they reached the bedroom and an ornate carved bedframe dominated the center of the room. "I'll be right back," Candy whispered and Sasha admired the view as she left the room.

Candy returned shortly with a small fancy bottle. "It's called love potion" she said. "I don't know how I used to fuck without it."

Sasha felt a little nervous, but there was no possible way she was going to back down. She was no stranger to drugs, but she had never taken one out of a bottle before.

"Open wide for me baby." Sasha did as she was told and Candy placed a single drop of the red liquid on her tongue. Candy did the same and then kissed her deeply; their tongues working furiously. When they finally parted lips, Sasha stared into Candy's eyes, drinking them in.

"I thought you didn't kiss..." Sasha said breathlessly. Candy simply smiled her smile. Sasha suddenly became intensely aware of her body. She could feel her bra clasp digging into her skin. Her jeans felt scratchy and rough. Her panties were rubbing her uncomfortably. She frantically started tearing her clothes off. Being naked became an obsession.

Once she was fully unclothed, she shuddered, feeling the cool air of the room wash over her. Every sensation felt brand new to her. Candy shoved her down onto the bed, and Sasha felt the sheets caress every inch of her back. It was the softest, most exquisite cloth Sasha could ever imagine and she soon started wrapping herself into it to try and cover herself completely. She worked her way out of her cocoon and felt like she was being born into the world again. She looked up and saw Candy standing over her. Somehow she had also shed her clothes and Sasha stared dumbfounded at her perfect form. She was like a statue made flesh, and her flawless skin appeared to glow.

Candy had a sponge in her hands, dripping with scented oil, and she raised it above her head. She squeezed gently and glistening droplets soon covered her own body, running along her curves. A wave of pungent aroma crashed into Sasha, and she became intoxicated with rich smells that she could not even name. Candy began slowly rubbing her body, coating herself in the oil. Her every move was perfectly measured, and Sasha sat mesmerized, watching intently. Candy looked directly into Sasha's eyes, and soundlessly approached her. She glided on top of Sasha and rubbed her oiled breasts along the length of Sasha's prone figure. They came to rest on Sasha's bare chest and they interlocked perfectly. Sasha skin felt electric where the oil touched, and the sensation quickly enveloped her entirely. Candy glided back over Sasha's body and returned for a second time, their bodies pressed together more intensely. Sasha was reduced to a shuddering mass when their breasts came together again, and Candy swayed from side to side to ensure each glorious peak was completely covered in oil. Sasha could barely contain her sensations, and she gasped like she could scarcely breathe while Candy worked her magic.

All of the sudden, Candy pulled back, and to Sasha it felt like something was physically torn from her. She overcame the shock and looked up to see Candy grasp the oily sponge once more. With a squeeze, Candy drew a narrow line down Sasha's torso in oil, starting in between her breasts and ending with her moist pussy, where she allowed the oil to flow freely. Sasha arched her back and started convulsing in pure ecstasy as the oil electrified every nerve ending in her clit. Candy pushed her back down and mounted her belly. She began to run her own pussy along the line she drew, and slid back and forth effortlessly. Sasha saw Candy start to breathe heavily, and realized that this was the first time she saw her lost in her own pleasure. Candy reached behind her and massaged Sasha between her thighs while she rode along her tight belly.

The touch of Candy's fingers were like a warm embrace as they kneaded the folds of Sasha's pussy lips between them. How long they stayed like this Sasha couldn't say, but time seemed to skip ahead and then she became aware that she was eating out Candy's sweet pussy, her tongue buried deep. Sasha was still on her back, and Candy was now riding her tongue, moaning with each caress. The taste of Candy's sex was flavored with the oil and another of Sasha's senses went wild with sensation. She inhaled deeply and drove her tongue further to taste the delicious offering in front of her.

Sasha reached up and filled her hands with the sultry flesh of Candy's tits, wanting to relish their plump fullness while she savored Candy's sweet taste. Candy rolled her hips while Sasha devoured her. Sasha flicked her tongue back and forth inside Candy's tight opening and squeezed her tits lovingly. She looked up dreamily at Candy's ample chest as it heaved up and down with her gasps. Warm fluid ran down Sasha's chin and Candy screamed as she tightened her thighs around Sasha's face.

"That was amazing, Sweetie." Candy unwrapped herself and took a moment to collect herself before she sauntered over to a closet. Sasha's eyes went wide as Candy opened it to reveal dozens of sex toys. She selected a large strapon and attached it to herself with practiced ease. Finding her sponge, she lathered the length of the protruding cock and in between her legs for good measure. She grabbed the bottom of the shaft firmly and walked back to sasha with purpose.

Sasha once asked Vikki to fuck her with a strapon. Vikki giggled and said she wouldn't know what to do.

Candy knew what to do.

And it felt so fucking good.

Candy's fingers closed around her throat and she thrust the entire length of the dildo into Sasha. Sasha let out a long "ohh" and her pussy ignited. Candy began pumping with long powerful strokes and soon Sasha was dizzy with heat. She held onto Candy for dear life as her labia stretched around the massive member jackhammering into her. She tried to catch her breath though Candy's hand around her neck made it difficult. She felt lightheaded from the lack of oxygen, but it was carrying her to unheard of heights of pleasure. Her pussy filled and unfilled with equally amazing feelings and intense cries of ecstasy spilled from her choked lips. The grip slackened as Candy knew the exact right time to let her come back for air, and the dildo was drawn out like a sword from its sheath.

Candy playfully slapped Sasha's lower belly with her strapon before spinning her around and dropping her on her hands and knees. The pulsing began again and Candy brought her whole upper body into contact with sasha's back. Her hands found Sasha's perky breasts, kneading the soft flesh like dough while she bit playfully at Sasha's shoulders. Sasha was being dominated, and she loved it. It didn't take long before she was crying out once more, and when the screams became orgasmic, Candy slowed and eased Sasha out of her climax.

Sasha collapsed onto the bed and rolled over to look up at Candy. Candy's hair was slightly disheveled, but she wasn't any worse for wear. Sasha wasn't sure if it was the love potion working, but she found renewed vigor and decided that it was her turn to dominate. She dragged Candy down and climbed on top, grabbing both her wrists with one hand. She pinned Candy's arms above her head and nestled her face in between Candy's voluptuous tits. Candy let out a small gasp of surprise but quickly recovered. Sasha got the impression that Candy was allowing all of this to happen, and could easily turn the tables if she wanted to.

She took turns kissing and suckling Candy's rack, giving each breast equal attention. Her free hand carefully undid the harness of the strapon, and once it was free, she put it on her own body. She tightened the straps and felt a warm nub enter her vagina. She shivered in delight and became confused as she found herself on her back. Candy had taken control once more and was soon riding on the cock that had given Sasha the fucking of her life. She ran her hands through her hair and twisted her hips, allowing the nub to tease Sasha's clit while Candy bounced and swayed. Sasha grabbed Candy's hips and let happily let Candy do all the work. Sasha felt like they were making art together, and Candy was a master. Fatigue was starting to set in for Sasha, while Candy showed no signs of slowing. Her eyes started to close and the room seemed to fog over. Having exhausted all of her energy, Sasha's body finally gave way into unconsciousness; her last memory before sleep took hold was of Candy's perfect body bounding up and down above her.