 I knew two things the moment I met my new roommate: first that I couldn't stand the bitch; and second that I wanted her.

I didn't even know that I was a dyke yet. I mean, I was fresh out of high school, where you just didn't talk about things like that. I had gone out with a few boys, even fooled around with them a little, just because I was curious. I couldn't really get into it. But girls... I would whack my clit silly thinking about girls. I guess I was pretty deeply in denial.

So anyway, it was the first day of college, and I was sitting around in my dorm room with my new friends, we were all taking hits off a bong, and I was thinking about how cool college is; to actually be able to talk and interact with other people, people who don't care how they dress and aren't into sports, and actually have two brain cells to rub together. And like to get high to boot. Right in the middle of this impromptu gathering, Sara walked in.

"You must be my new roommate." I said. They had sent everyone a picture of their roommate. She was Asian, Japanese I think. She stood there in the doorway, looking at us disapprovingly. She wore neatly pressed black slacks and a white blouse. Just a hint of makeup. Her short black hair was impeccable. She sniffed.

"If you insist on using illegal drugs", she said airily, "Please refrain from doing so in our dorm." There was just the tiniest hint of an accent in her speech.

My new friends and I exchanged glances. Great. So this was my roommate. We moved to a less uptight dorm room. But not before I lusted after her. She stood there in the doorway, waiting for us to leave. She had two bags, the kind that stewardesses carry their gear in. She was a little shorter than me, but standing straight up she gave the impression of tallness. Her breasts were small and pert underneath her blouse. I am a sucker for small, pert breasts. Her lips, pursed in a frown, looked full and kissable. I wondered what she sounded like when she came. 

Things were frosty between us from day one. Fortunately for my sanity, she took a very heavy course load, and I rarely had to see her. I took to avoiding my dorm room if I knew she was going to be home.

I remember the first time I saw her naked. It was a Saturday morning. I had just woken up, and I was lying in bed, reading the book I had put down the night before. I could hear the water running; she was in the shower. The water stopped. I could hear her in the bathroom, drying off. Then she came out of the bathroom, stark naked. I may have actually gasped. There she was, totally nonchalant, walking around completely nude. I tried not to stare. She had a beautiful body. Slim and toned, she had a flat tummy and long, smooth legs. Her breasts had a slight upward turn to them, with small brown nipples, and they jiggled pleasantly as she moved. She had a triangle of black hair above her pussy. She ignored me as she went about her morning business, making no attempt to cover herself. I pretended to read as I watched her parade around naked. She had such a beautiful ass, firm and shapely. Finally she got dressed and went out. My pussy was soaking. My fingers wasted no time, pulling on my nipples and stroking my clit, I gave myself a rocking good orgasm right then and there.

After the second or third time this happened, it might have occurred to me that she was doing this on purpose.

I would have a beer or two sometimes, but I definitely wasn't into the party scene. I was a nerd in high school, and it was the same in college. Sara wasn't a party girl either. That's why I was so surprised when she stumbled in late on a Friday night. I wasn't really asleep, just on the edge of it. I had gotten high with some friends earlier, and then lain in bed reading for a while. I had only turned off the lights a little while before. It had seemed a little strange that Sara was still out. Maybe she had a date. We never talked any more than absolutely necessary.

Anyway, she came stumbling in. I felt the light from the hallway on my eyelids. I heard the door slam shut. I looked at the glowing green digits on my alarm clock: almost 1:30. I could hear her getting undressed. I wished I could watch, but it was dark, and my eyes weren't adjusted.

She fell into bed with me. I could smell the alcohol on her breath. I wondered for a second if she was so drunk she had gotten into the wrong bed. Then I felt her exploring hands under the sheets, and I knew it was no mistake. Her hands were roaming all over my body, touching my softly, and I arched my back with pleasure. I had never been intimately touched by another girl, and I loved it. Inexorably, her roaming fingers found my breasts, my nipples already erect and aching. Her fingers pinched and twisted, sending little shocks through my body, straight down to my throbbing clit. Her mouth found my breast, sucking and nibbling, as her hands worked their way down my body, seeking that wet place between my legs. God, I wanted her. My legs were spread wide for her, my cunt swollen and drenched. I could feel her heavenly naked body pressed against mine. Her long, delicate fingers penetrated me. I was coming, and she hadn't even found my clit yet. My hips bucked as she fucked me. She was fucking me hard, slamming two or three fingers in and out of my gaping cunt. Her thumb kept banging into my clit, making me gasp with pleasure. I came and came. I wanted so badly to taste her, to suck her clit into my mouth, to lick her pussy, drink her juices, to make her cry out. When I was done coming, she disentangled herself from my body and got out of bed. I started to get up after her, but she pushed me gently but firmly back down. I lay there, confused and sticky, as she went to the bathroom and from there to her own bed.

She had nothing to say to me the next morning. She was awake before me, and parading around the dorm naked. God, how I loved her body. I watched unabashedly as she got dressed. She gave me a look that might have been contempt, and then she was gone. I had no idea what to say to her.

This happened several times that semester. With no warning whatsoever, she would crawl into bed with me and fuck me silly. Sometimes she would go down on me, other times she would just use her fingers. She never kissed me, and I was never allowed to touch her back. I thought I would go crazy. She obviously enjoyed teasing me, being naked in front of me, distracting me when I was on the phone or trying to study.

It was finals week. The weather outside was crisp and cold, snow was in the air. I had a ton of studying to do. In high school I had never studied; I could get could grades and barely pay attention in class. Here it was different. I had two finals the next day, and I was worried about them. Sara was in the room too, working naked at her computer. It's a measure of how hard I was studying that I was hardly aware of her presence.

"Do you want to fuck me?" She was standing right by my desk. I was speechless. "I said, do you want to fuck me? Tell me now, Yes or No."

Her nipples were hard; I could tell she was excited. "Yes." I answered.

"Well if you want to fuck me, you'll have to earn the privilege. Take your clothes off, now."

I felt her eyes on me as I undressed. I was totally disconcerted. She had seen me naked before, been incredibly intimate with my body, yet I felt suddenly shy and awkward, ungainly. She was watching me, silent. I unbuttoned my jeans and kicked them off. Her legs were so long and smooth and mine—well they aren't. I could almost physically feel her eyes on my crotch as I pulled off my underwear. My pussy, hot and wet, was responding to her, even as my brain reeled.

"Come here." She wanted me to kneel. I knelt in front of her, on my knees on the cold tile floor. Her bush was right at my face level. I could feel her heat on me, smell her musk. She smelled sexy.

"Touch yourself. I want you to masturbate while you look at me." My fingers darted between my legs. I was totally turned on. I was wet and slippery. I worshipped her body with my eyes as I slid my fingers up and down my slit. 

"Do you want me girl? Do you?"

"Yes. Oh Yes."

"Then taste me." She spread her labia with two fingers. Her cunt glistened with wetness. Her little clit peeked out from under its hood, pink and erect. I stuck out my tongue, moving my face to her pussy, aching to taste her at last.

And then she let go and peed. The stream caught me in the face. Some splashed in my eye, and it stung. It felt hot on my skin. Before I even realized it, I was drinking her, letting her urinate into my open mouth. It seemed to go on forever. It didn't taste bad. It didn't really taste. I swallowed and drank more. I felt like her slave. I was worshipping at her church. Finally she was done.

"You missed some." There was a small puddle on the floor. Her pee was all over my face. I realized that I was crying, tears were running down my cheeks, mixing with the urine. I licked her piss up off the floor.

"What a good girl." She moved onto my bed, lying face down. "Now come here and eat me out."

I came to her. She raised her hips for me. I could feel the heat radiating from her cunt. Her pussy pouted open, labia swollen and purple. I wanted her. I wanted to taste her. Nuzzling up behind her, I stuck out my tongue and licked her pussy. It was soaking wet, slipper and sexy. I wanted more.

She reached back and pulled my hair, hard. "No, that's not for you." She spread her asscheeks wide. Her tiny brown asshole winked lewdly at me. So that was what she wanted. I licked up and down her crack, feeling her soft skin on my tongue, losing myself in her ass. She sighed and ground herself onto my face. I stuck out my tongue and touched her anus. She jumped a little. I pushed deeper, exploring her ass with my tongue, fucking that little hole with it. She opened up to me, letting me ream her out with my tongue. Her musk was all over my face. I could feel her fingers inside her pussy, masturbating furiously as I tongued her asshole. She was so hot inside. I could hear the slurping sounds as she fingered herself. She was fucking my face with her ass, grinding onto my tongue, calling me a bitch and a whore as she came, and suddenly I was coming, wave after wave of spasms rocking through me, as I licked her asshole and fingered my clit. I came and came, like I never had before. My clit seemed like the center of the universe, my cunt a giant lotus. I buried myself in her ass.

She kissed me softly on the lips and thanked me. Then she took a shower. I fell asleep. When I woke up again she was gone. The next day was finals, and then I flew back home for Christmas. When I came back from vacation, all her stuff had disappeared. When I asked, they told me she had transferred to another school.