 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

The hugs and gushy love that Mom was giving me as I stepped into the old house was wonderful. This was the first time I'd seen her in three years and at one point considered that I might never see her again. Her health was starting to go and for the past twelve years, I had been living on the other side of the country. But as it always was with Mom her warm spirit and kind demeanor was all it took to transport me back to my childhood, if only for a brief moment. It was so lovely, so life-affirming and I reveled in it. Mom was the best... my sister Janie though, ugh. There she was. I would not look directly at her, and she stood there, arms crossed, fuming in my periphery 

She strode over and stood behind mom, hands on her hips, looking like someone had just pissed in her cornflakes. I loved my sister with all my heart but, god she could be so judgmental. I closed my eyes tightly as I hung on to mom knowing full well that Janie would have to be dealt with and soon. We were always like fire and ice, Janie and I. She was the hard charger, the take controller, the take no prisoners-er,( I smiled at my own mental pun). I, on the other hand, am the peacemaker, the loving kind one, the one who loved hours of girl talk turned pillow talk. 

Yes, I am a somewhat submissive, pretty, lipstick wearing, kiss your coochie all night lesbian. I love it. I adore women. And I was, at forty-two years of age downsized out of a once lucrative career. Consequently, after almost a year of depression that led to a broken relationship, that led to a depletion of all my savings, that led to a burgeoning alcohol problem, I was home once again. Home with little more than my car, (which was paid for) and my clothing. I left the rest of my belongings in storage with a promise from friends that they would pack it and send it all to me when I was on my feet. 

Janie and my relationship had been strained ever since she married her jerk of a husband soon after she graduated college. She was wed to that human stain just over a decade before he left her for a nineteen-year-old. She did get her lovely daughter Genevieve out of her horrible marriage. 

Then we had a huge brouhaha outside the funeral home when Dad died three years ago. Janie grew

very conservative and religious over the years and she confronted me about my lifestyle. The fact that she was down on me for being a lesbian was just so hypocritical to me because she, little Miss conservative Republican, Miss single mom, Miss- never misses a single service at the super mega non-denominational evangelical congregation was my first. My first lesbian experience was with my dear sister. 

Mom pulled back and studied my face for a moment. 

"My sweet Rachael," she said, through her wet eyes, "I'm just so happy to see you," 

As we stood there, her soft hands still on my face, she turned toward Janie and said, "I sure hope you girls can get over your differences, for your sakes as well as mine." 

"I'm willing," I said softly 

Janie stared holes through the living room carpet as she shifted her weight back and forth, one leg to the other. I couldn't help but notice that she was still such a beautiful woman at forty-four. 

"I am willing to let bygones be bygones, I guess," she said quietly. 

"Well, that makes your momma very happy," Mom said with a broad grin, "put your things up in Gen's room Rachael." 

At that, I turned and looked at Jeanie again expecting another fiery look but to my relief there was none. Instead, Janie said, "Come on Rach, I'll help you." 

With that, she picked up one of my suitcases and bags and walked toward the stairs. She paused at the first step waiting for me. Mom, now satisfied that her two daughters weren't going to kill each other went into the kitchen where the 'tss, tss tss" of her ancient pressure cooker was singing its old familiar song. The smell emanating from atop her stove told me that I would soon be having her pot roast with potatoes and carrots. 

"Hey Rach, you're in for a treat. She is making blackberry cobbler too." Janie puffed as she stepped onto the landing." 

I'm, not putting anyone out, am I?" I asked timidly. 

"Well, no," she said as she stepped through the door of my old room. "Genevieve has been using it ever since we moved in ten years ago, but she is in college as you know. She will be home in a few days but she is moving in with her friend Julie... you remember Jules, she was at Dad's funeral." 

"Oh yes, I remember her," I lied. 

The moment that I walked into my old room and was overcome with waves of nostalgia and whimsy at the furniture and decor. From the Power Puff Girls comforter on the bed to the Lady GaGa poster on the wall everything here screamed teen girl. It was pretty much as I had left it, just with different pop culture references. 

"She should be here in a week or so, but the apartment won't be ready till the first of next month," Janie informed me as she sat on the bed, "we will find a cot to go in here and you two can work out the sleeping arrangements." 

"That's fine Janie, I'll sleep on the floor if I have to. I plan to soon have a job and my own place as soon as possible." 

As soon as I sat on the bed next to her we heard the crash of a dropped plate In the kitchen followed quickly by a whoop from mom. Janie jumped up and ran toward the door looking over her shoulder and said, "I'll help mom, just make yourself at home Rach...dinner should be in about fifteen minutes." 

I couldn't help but notice her ass in her jeans as she ran out, 'Damn, she's still got it,' I thought... And my mind drifted back to that night so long ago. 

Janie was twenty and was home from college for the summer. I was eighteen and was going to a different college in the coming fall. We were so excited to see one another that we sat up and talked till two am, just listening to the radio and enjoying the cool breeze brought in by the window fan. 

"So, Rachael, do you have a boyfriend?" she asked. 

"No, I broke up with Greg right after graduation...I'm not seeing anybody," I answered. 

"Oooh, I forgot. I have something for us in my bag!" she said excitedly. 

She jumped up, grabbed her suitcase and tossed it onto the bed. It landed right in front of me and the unzipped cover flipped open. I saw what she had. There sticking out from under some of her panties was a large bottle of vodka. 

"Janie," I whispered sharply, "If mom sees that she will go ballistic." 

She put her hand to her mouth, held it at an angle and whispered to me, 

"And if Dad sees it, he will drink it." 

We both giggled while trying to shush each other. Mom was the only one we had to worry about. Dad was working third shift at the coal mine and wouldn't be home till six. She was in the next room. The thing about Mom was, she snored loudly. If you were quiet and still you could hear her clearly through the wall in my room. We had learned years earlier that we could do anything we wanted as long as the rhythm of Mom's snoring was heard through the wall. 

After a brief conversation on the best way to proceed, I slipped downstairs and retrieved a half gallon of OJ from the fridge and two plastic cups full of ice. When I returned Janie had opened the vodka and I noticed that she had already taken a drink. I also noticed she had taken off her jeans and was lounging on the bed in her white panties with the tiny pink rose on the waistband and a cotton tee with her university logo emblazoned on it. I was already in my usual big tee-shirt and panties. 

Janie mixed two drinks and, Oh my God they were strong. I winced at the alcohol content at first but after a few sips, the screwdriver started tasting pretty good. So there we sat, smoking cigarettes and drinking at three am, listening to Mom's rhythmic snoring through the walls. 

Even though I'd had a few boyfriends, more and more I found myself looking at the girls at school. I loved the curves of their bodies and their hair and the softness of their faces. I had taken to imagining my friends at night as I fingered myself to orgasm. After the cigs were put out, we lay back facing each other as we continued our whispering chat. Soon the conversation turned juicy. 

"So, Rachael, did you have sex with Greg?" 

She said it in such a low tone that I had to get closer just to hear. As the conversation progressed our faces were just inches from each other. I told her about my sexual escapades with Greg. Not much to tell really. We did it three times. It wasn't from a lack of him trying, it was just that I was never comfortable. 

"No wonder he broke up with you hun, you're frigid," Janie said as she reached out to rub my arm. 

With the motion of her rubbing my arm, I became very aware of her breasts moving under the cotton of her tee. Her nipples were prominent and seemed to be trying to poke through the material. I was mesmerized but cognizant of the fact that this was my sister. I found myself wishing she would go to her room so I could rub my pussy. I was so horny. 

"My eyes are up here Rach," 

I looked up, breaking my trance and I saw Janie smiling so sweetly at me. This was an unfamiliar smile, maybe it wasn't the smile so much as the look in her eye. Her loose black curls hung down, obscuring the hand upon which her head was propped. Her makeup had been washed away in the shower hours ago, but she had a fresh-faced beauty that could never come from a mascara brush. 

"Sorry Janie," I said, "your tits have gotten bigger haven't they?" 

"No, but my nipples have gotten longer." 

"Why? are they supposed to?" I really was clueless. 

"No silly," she said as she drew nearer. "They get longer from being sucked on." 

Our lips were literally only an inch from each other. I looked down again to be treated once again by the sight of her nipple poking through. My mind raced as I stammered, 

"Y... your boyfriend sucks them?" I couldn't avert my eyes no matter how I tried. 

"Yeah," she replied as she shifted her weight and moved even closer. Our noses were touching, "My girlfriend sucks them too." 

The kiss was so sudden, yet so soft. Her lips were so warm and inviting. Our first buss was with lips barely open. We pulled back and looked into each other's eyes. The hand she had been rubbing my arm with now slid down to grasp my hand. I became aware that my hand was being pulled to her breast. I felt the sharpness of her hard nipple before anything else. When I touched it, she gave a sighing whimper that I still remember to this day. That sound made my passion rise from a smolder to an inferno in an instance and I felt a growing wetness in my panties. 

I grasped her nipple between my thumb and index finger and rolled it causing Janie to whimper even more. Our next kiss was deep and electric. We had lost all need for comportment, our mouths ground into each other with abandon, our teeth clanking together our tongues swirling and fighting for dominance. I thrust my tongue into her mouth only to have it pushed back by her pink dancing tongue. 

"Oh my god Rach, I'm so fucking horny," she purred as she ran her hand up under my tee and latched onto my breast. 

The sensation of my sister's hand on my nipple was so intense I thought that I might orgasm right then and there. My breath grew ragged as I did the same and thrust my hand under her top. Her reaction at my hand on her bare breast is something that I recall as I play with myself to this day. She closed her eyes tightly, broke the lock between our two mouths and threw her head back with passionate abandon. 

I was, to say the least, enthralled and I continued to flick and lightly pinch her nipples. She did the same to me. Then she opened those green eyes and we locked gaze once again. She took her hand from my perky tit and, raising herself slightly, used that hand to reach down and pull her tee up and over her head. Her beautiful tits were now in full view as she whipped the tee round and round over her head before throwing it halfway to the bedroom door. We both giggled. 

"You're crazy, Janie," I panted "your titties are so pretty." 

She responded by reaching over and pulling my tee off too. I was a bit self-conscious about my body in those days. My tits were just barely B cups and I was envious of the girls with the big breasts. I used my forearms to cover them and I closed my eyes. 

Janie leaned in close and said, "Where did you go?" 

"My titties are so small Janie...not like yours." 

"Your tits are beautiful Rach...You are beautiful." 

"I opened my eyes again to find Janie leaning in for another kiss. I threw my arm over her, grinding my hand into her shoulders as I pulled her close. Our kisses were now slower and deeper. I couldn't get enough of her mouth and her tongue as we continued to play with each other's tits. I soon became aware that Janie's hand was pushing slowly toward my crotch. I broke from our kiss and grabbed her hand and pushed it down, down between my spreading legs. Janie rubbed my pussy through the cotton fabric as she leaned down and forcefully sucked my nipple. I moaned lustfully. 

"Shhhh...you'll wake Momma," she said. 

We both burst into laughter, "Yeah," I giggled, "what if she came in and saw this?" 

"As if on cue we both lay perfectly still for a moment and listened. The regular snore was still there. Janie's hand moved up to the waistband of my panties and slid inside. I felt her finger find my clitoris and as I lay panting, staring deep into her eyes she chased the stiff nub around flicking and rubbing, my mouth was wide open, and my breath was rapid. 

"Oh Janie, that feels so fucking good." I murmured. 

"Then you are really going to love this baby," she whispered. 

She took her middle finger and plunged it into my wet pussy. I gasped with delight, 

" O Janie, I love that." 

I didn't have to say it loudly because her ear was grinding against my mouth. I obliged the unspoken hint by plunging my tongue inside it. Her moan told me she loved it. And, I certainly was loving her hands. Her slender fingers were fucking me furiously. I spread my legs as widely as possible as she alternately rubbed my clit then worked two fingers inside. The sensation of her stretching my tight cunt with the second finger was heavenly. I moaned loudly and thrust my hips in the air, 

"Girls!" 

"Oh my god Rachael,' Janie hissed "She's awake." 

"You girls keep it down...I've got to rest." 

"Ok, Momma" we cried in well-practiced unison, "We're sorry." 

We heard her get up and go to the upstairs bathroom at the end of the hall. We scurried around and got under the covers, turning our dim lamp off. We often slept in the same bed so if mom decided to stick her head in the door everything would appear normal. Janie lifted the cover up and pulled it over both of our heads, 

"Come here," she implored. 

I didn't have to be asked twice. As we kept our ears trained on momma's movements we embraced once more, our tongues grinding. I just a moment we had fingers in each other's pussies. This was the first time I'd ever felt the soft folds and steamy wetness of another pussy. 

We heard momma finish in the bathroom. We heard the squeaky old faucets turn on and off as she washed her hands. We heard her amble back up the hall to her room and then the springs of her old bed as she lay down. We lay there in stony silence, with only the sounds of our wet tongues dancing accompanied by the sound of our sticky fingers rubbing and plunging furiously...each into the cunt of our loving sister. 

As she always did, Mom was soon snoring, the sound vibrating through the thin walls of the old house. Janie pulled her mouth away from mine and whispered breathlessly, 

"Rachael, I want you so bad," 

She started kissing down my neck and onto my breasts, taking a turn with each one, then down to my hard belly. As she moved down my writhing frame, she shifted from lying on her side to an all fours crouch. She kissed and licked all the way to my mound. She then lay back on her side and we again faced each other face to crotch. With seemingly well-practiced ease she spread my legs and started licking as she cupped the back of my head and guided my smacking lips into her sweet wet pussy. 

This was my first taste and I was immediately hooked. I had sucked my boyfriends cock a couple of times. It was ok but awkward. I licked my sister's luscious pussy with a passion that I never knew existed. Her manipulations on my cunt were driving me out of my mind, fueling my desire. I wasn't thinking of my pleasure at that moment, all of my considerable passion was focused on her pussy. 

She undulated and ground it against my face, all the while pushing my head with her hand...pushing it into her sex. I'd never been so excited in my life, a fact that Janie was about to pay witness to. I was cumming and I was cumming hard. 

The orgasm welled up quickly. So quickly that I couldn't say a word. From the time that I knew it was happening until I was in full "O" mode was just a matter of seconds. It was like a bolt of lightning that seized every muscle, every nerve ending in my body, then released them is a cacophony of blissful, spurting, explosive ecstasy. 

Janie, sensing that I was about to lose my mind and start screaming, quickly pulled her hand from behind my head and clamped it tightly, forcefully, over my mouth. As she stifled my scream she raised up looking at me, looking at her little sister that she had just brought to a spine-tingling orgasm and whispered, 

"Shhhhh...Rach...Shhhhh." 

When the waves of orgasmic bliss subsided, she loosened her grip on my mouth and quietly said, 

"How was that Rach? Better than Greg's cock, right?" 

I responded by twisting around, clawing the bed for leverage and was now facing her. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her deeply. 

"Oh my god Janie, that was the best. I've never cum so hard in my life." 

"Well, you're welcome sis" she purred, "It was my pleasure." 

We chatted and kissed for a bit and she told me about her experiences in college. She had a roommate who introduced her to lesbianism soon after her arrival. She said that although she still dated boys, she was really into exploring her lesbian side. 

"Well, if that's what I've been missing I'm sorry I waited Janie, that was mind-blowing." 

Well I'm glad you liked it, Rach," she said with a sly smile ", but there is one thing you need to learn. It's bad manners to cum and leave your partner hanging." With that, she took my hand and slid it down to her soaking wet pussy. 

"Well, where are my manners sis. I'll take care of that immediately." 

I kissed her once again, moving down to her neck and breasts, emulating the way she had made love to me. I continued down to her sopping cunt where id just been minutes before It was like being home again. She threw one leg over my head and spread her creamy legs wide. There before me was her beautiful pussy, now clearly visible in the pink rosy daylight that was now peeping in the window. 

It wasn't shaven but It was trimmed closely, there were no long hairs. It was evident she took the time to groom herself. I was overcome with lust, and also a growing trepidation. Even though it was unspoken I knew we both felt it. Dad would be home soon. We knew we would be hearing his old truck, with the loud muffler and the rattling fenders coming down the road in about ten minutes. 

I put the palm of my hand on her mound and rubbed as I looked at her sweet face, her eyes staring pleadingly at me over her ample breasts, 

"Hurry hun," she whispered. 

I smiled at her as I lowered my lips to her clit, kissing it several times before swirling my tongue around it. The wetness of her womanly folds made the most delicious smacking sound as my tongue licked the length of her slit. As my hands pulled and rolled her thick nipples, I continued to lick it like that for about a minute, from bottom to top in one long stroke. Each time my tongue touched her clit she whimpered and thrust upward. 
