 The last song was finished and the crowd at the venue was cheering around her. Bee held up her guitar and leaned into the mic, "Thank you so much for having us Austin, good night!" The crowd roared in response and Bee gave a few waves before stumbling away from the stage with her band. 

It had been night after night of the tour, Bee and the band hadn't had a break in a while. Mike and CJ clapped her on the back and Ty shook his fist and the air and yelled, "Fuck yeah - great show," but she could tell they were slumped over in their victory walk. The four of them crept behind the makeshift curtain that the venue had put up and the stagehand pulled them away, to the green room. 

Bee waved at the people on the other side of the thin rope that kept her between the rest of her evening and the obligations she had to attend to. She high fived a couple of people on the way, "Thank you so much for coming...thank you so much for coming!" 

In the green room, CJ collapsed on the sofa and Ty pointed out, "Jesus, my hands still shaking."

"I can't hear you man, my heart's too loud," CJ groaned and put his head in his hands. 

"Nice, nice, nice job!" The manager of the venue walked into the green room and shut the door behind him, "Here are your envelopes, we'd love to take pictures before y'all continue forward and of course unlimited drinks at the bar." 

"Unlimited drinks? Guys I know where I'll be at for the rest of the night," Bee laughed and motioned for the guys to crowd around her. They took pictures together with the manager and the venue's sign. 

"Bee, you're smoking crack if you think I'm tossing shots with you," Mike threw a pillow at her after they posed for pictures. 

"Mike, you serious?"

"Hell yeah, as soon as we move the equipment, I'm heading back to the hotel."

Bee rolled her eyes, "Fine. CJ, Ty, and I will just have to three musketeers this shit."

CJ glanced up from his place of picking up the side of the keyboard, "We're doing what? Not sure I ever agreed to that." Ty grimaced and nodded to CJ's statement. 

"You're really going to let me party alone?" Isabella picked up the empty box that held the t-shirts they sold a few hours ago. 

"Nope because you're coming back with us." CJ yelled over his shoulder as he left the back exit. 

"Fine, fine, fine," Bee groaned, "I'm grabbing one last drink, I'm taking advantage of the free drink thing. I'll meet you guys outside."

The guys nodded and hauled back the last of their stuff while Bee walked back out to the hallway and into the concert area. Another band was on stage and people were pressed close to the stage to hear them. Bee pushed past people bouncing up and down while the music blared around her. She walked up to the bar and gave the bartender a tentative wave. The bartender waved her closer, "Hey! You did great! What do you want?"

Bee settled on a plain coke, she wanted to take it home on the van. People walked past her on the way to the bartender and shouted at her about the show. Bee smiled and took photos with everybody she could. The band on stage moved into their final song and the crowd dispersed from the bar. Bee stuffed a $20 bill in the tip jar and turned to leave. 

Next to her, a woman stood, waiting for the bartender's attention. Bee hadn't even noticed her until that moment but now she stopped in her tracks and stared. The woman looked over and realized who she was, "Oh my god! You were in Pandurated!"

Bee nodded and couldn't help but feel a blush creep up her neck. The sundress she was wearing was difficult not to look at, it clung to her body in all the right places. "Yeah, yep, yep that was me."

"You were amazing oh my god," The woman scooched closer to her and twirled her chestnut hair between her fingers. "I'm Summer, Violet and I are big fans, we loved hearing you live. Have been listening for two years now, since you four dropped that EP on Soundcloud." 

The blush was evident now, "Oh, Soundcloud? Wow, that was a while ago. We really, really appreciate the support." 

"One second, Violet really wanted to meet you!" Before Bee could say anything, Summer disappeared in the crowd to find her friend. Bee's phone went off a few times, the other guys were in the van demanding to know where Bee was. Bee sent them off a reassurance message, she'd only be gone for another couple of minutes. 

Summer came back with Violet. Violet clapped her hands on Bee's shoulders and shrieked, "You were AMAZING!" Her voice was high pitched and sweet, excitement was woven into everything she said. 

Summer got closer to Bee and whispered something unintelligible. The band on stage were finishing their last notes, smashing on the drums with all their might. Bee shook her head and gestured towards her ears. 

Summer whispered again, when the band finished and the crowd erupted in applause. Bee could just barely make out what she whispered, "I said, we wanna fuck."

Bee's mouth popped open and she blinked a few times, trying to figure out if she had heard what she think she had, "I-. Ah. What?"

"I said we wanna fuck!" Summer yelled out then and several people turned around to look at them.

"I-. Wait-What"

"Look, that concert was just badass and we wanna show you how much we appreciate it, right Vi?"

Violet blushed, "Summer, oh my god. I mean, yeah, but you don't have to be so loud."

"But, here's the thing," Summer trailed her fingers up and down Bee's arm, drawing little circles across Bee's skin, "We love to share and I'd love to share you. With enthusiasm though. No pressure. We just want to show you how much fun Austin can really be."

"I-uh. I," Bee stammered over and over again trying to find her train of thought, "I've-I've got to head back to my band, thank you, thank you though, I've got to head back." 

Bee rounded past the girls and stumbled her way back to the green room. She walked past the green room and came into the back hallway. She pulled on the door to outside and closed the door behind her. Her bandmates were chilling by the van, smoking a blunt before they'd head back on the road. CJ saw her from his place in the driver's seat and honked the horn a few times. Bee jumped back and CJ stuck his head out of the window, "Perfect! Great! Let's go! I'm tired as fuck!"

"Guys...ah..." Bee held on to the van, "Ah...there's two girls in there? And, ah, they want to...um...threesome?"

"Wait. What? CJ turn off the damn car," Mike pounded on the side of the van. "Bee? Bee? What?"

"There's, ah, two girls in there who said they're down for a threesome? With me?"

"Holy shit dude." Ty reached for a fist bump, "Bro, groupies? Shit this is next level." Bee bumped his fist and drummed her fingers on the van.

"Why this doesn't happen to me, I'll never know," CJ shouted from the driver's seat and leaned his head out the window, "Yeah, great, now what are you doing here?"

Bee shrugged, "I...ah...might just go back to the hotel."

"Wait, wait, what?" Mike grabbe Bee by the shoulders, "Bee. Are you fucking with me right now?"

"If we don't get any Bee doesn't either," CJ laughed from the van, "That's a true bandmate right there-."

Mike held up a hand, "CJ, shut the fuck up. Bee. Listen to me. You've been working your ass off and here come two chicks, I'm guessing they're hot-"

"Both wearing sundresses that cling in all the right places."

"Shit. Okay yeah. Bee, you've worked your ass off. Now, enjoy the fruit of your labor." 

"Send us a message when you get to their place though so we know they ain't murderers," Ty clapped Bee on the back. "Or places? Wherever you go."

"Just. Bee. Go have fun," Mike pushed her back towards the door and Bee took a few hesitant steps back to the bar. The boys hooted behind her and encouraged her forward. 

Bee took the last steps and grabbed on to the door handle. "It's locked."

"Yeah, it's a venue." Ty roared with laughter behind her and Bee felt another blush creeping up. She walked away and gave one last wave to the guys laughing by the van. Around the building and back towards the entrance, she went until she reached the front entrance. 

"Hey, wait, you're one of the performers, right?" The door guy asked.

"Yeah. Yep. I, ah, forgot something." The door guy opened the door and Bee took her steps inside the entrance. But after a quick sweep of the club, she couldn't find them anywhere. The bartender told Bee that she had seen the girls leave and hadn't seen them since. 

Bee left the venue and whipped out her phone, writing out a message that didn't sound too pathetic to the three guys that needed to pull a u-turn and come get her. She couldn't help it, she was disappointed. This could have been the night that amazing things happened. 

Bee pulled her hair back and stood there for a second. In front of her was the road away from the venue and the bars that lined the street across the way. In one of the waiting areas, a food truck sat, assisting the tons of people who had just left the concert and who were looking for cheap tacos. In front of the little window, leaning up to speak to the guy in the truck, was Violet on her tiptoes. 

Bee took a few steps and stopped herself. She took a few steps forward and walked back towards the venue again. No, no, this was something she couldn't pass up and Summer and Violet were gorgeous, there was no one she could pass this up.

Summer was texting by the fence of the bar. Bee took careful, measured steps to her. A few people glanced up and congratulated Bee on a good show, she thanked them and crept closer to Summer. "Hello, ahhh, hi."

Summer smiled before looking up, "You left pretty fast."

"Yeah. Ah. Yeah. Yep. Sorry about that."

"No, it's fine. Just, we want you to be super comfortable with this."

Bee shut her eyes and nodded, "I-I, yeah I'm fine. Sorry, nervous." 

"That's fine baby," Summer purred and gestured for her to come closer, "Vi's picking up some tacos, it's a Korean Mexican fusion I think, one of Vi's favorites." 

Bee felt something stroke her back and jumped in the air. "Whoops, sorry about that!" Violet giggled, "Didn't expect to see you again." She passed the plate off to Summer and kept a hand on the small of Bee's back. At first, Bee flinched away whenever Violet trailed her hand up and down Bee's back but she tried to relax to the movements. 

"Yeah, ah, yep, no I really, ah, appreciate it. I would, ah, also appreciate...secrecy? " Bee stammered. Violet leaned her head on Bee's shoulder and wound her fingers around the belt loop of Bee's jeans. 

"Oh, that's no problem. You know, we should call an uber." Summer said between bites of a taco.

"I just can't wait to taste you," Violet whispered into Bee's ear. Bee shivered in response. "We're going to my house."

"No, we're absolutely not," Summer pulled out her phone, "I've got all the fun stuff."

"No." Violet stretched out her hand, "You haven't visited me in a while, you don't know what I have." 

Summer hesitated for a moment and then placed her phone in Violet's outstretched palm. "Vi knows just how to push my buttons." Violet pulled away and started typing an address on the phone while Summer took a step forward and kissed Bee. The kiss was quick, a stolen moment in the conversation. A simple pressure against her lips, nothing more. Bee froze. "Listen, Isabella, if you're not interesting, I'm not interested."

"It's Bee. No, I. Yes, I'm very much interested," She stammered and tried to keep everything together, "No I'm fine, just nervous I'm sorry."

"Uber is six minutes away."

"So it's okay that I kissed you?" Summer pressed.

Bee nodded in response, "Yeah, yes, I, yeah," and felt Violet stroking her back again.

"It's okay if I kiss you and if I kiss your neck?"

"Summer look at that blush, oh my god."

"I promise I won't bite," Summer grinned, "I mean, unless you want me to. And I really, really want to bite you. Kiss you. Lick you all over."

"Oh gosh." Bee ignored her phone buzzing with a million questions and tried to focus on what was happening around her. Violet's hand crept under her shirt and stroked her bare back, making it even harder to focus. 

Summer inched forward and touched Bee's hips, placing her hands on either side of her body. She pulled her forward and looked into her eyes, "You are just...so delicious," before leaning in for a kiss. Bee tried to focus this time. This first kiss was soft and gentle, both women trying to figure out how far the other woman wanted to go. Summer kissed each side of Bee's lips and settled on a few longer kisses. Bee felt every inch of Summer and hungered for more. Summer licked her bottom lip.

"Oh god that's hot." Violet whispered, "Can't wait to get both of you home. But first-" Violet broke them apart and took both of their hands, guiding them over to where the uber was waiting. Bee felt light headed and she staggered forward. Violet got in the car first, Bee followed close behind. It was a nice ride, clean, with little bottles of water and extra chargers piled at the bottom. Bee put her seatbelt on and could feel Violet's fingers dance up and down Bee's thigh. 

"Summer? And we're going to Southmore?" The driver asked.

Summer leaned down to get in the car, "Yep, yep, yep. Wow, Bee, what a coincidence, you're starting out in the middle." Violet laughed and Bee erupted in nervous giggles, she couldn't help it. "I want another kiss though," Summer closed the car's door and touched Bee's face, outlining her lips with her finger. Bee bent forward and caught Summer's lips in her, pressing against her eagerly. The car veered right on the road and Summer jerked back, "Hey, driver. Watch the road!"

"Sorry, sorry," The driver muttered. Violet giggled again before giving Bee's neck a little kiss. 

Her bandmates, she almost forgot to text her bandmates she was okay. Bee whipped out her phone and sent off a quick message to the group chat, confirming she was okay.

"Wow, that's a little rude to be using your phone during dinner." Summer tapped Bee's phone screen. 

"Dinner? I-oh. Oh. Oh gotcha," Bee giggled. 

"Bee, you don't have to be nervous."

"Yeah, Bee." Violet whispered, "No reason to be scared. Violet's head was cocked to the side and she looked up at Bee with those gorgeous eyes. 

Bee dipped to her and paused. Violet kept trailing her fingers down Bee's neck and outlining her face, it felt wonderful. Bee closed her eyes and gave her a soft kiss. 

"Bee," Summer whispered, "You honestly have great titties."

Violet laughed, "Summer, wow, you just shattered the mood." 

The driver veered off the road again, he cursed and rightened himself. "Driver, hey! Watch the road!"

"Yeah we've got big plans tonight," Bee tried to make it sound like a light hearted comment but, if she was being honest, her head was swimming. 

The driver pulled up to Violet's place, a series of condos clustered together. Violet passed the driver a tip and the three of them got out of the car. Bee stood near the gate while Violet searched her purse for her keys. "I really haven't been here for a while, the garden got updated."

Violet put the key in the gate and twisted, the gate opened with a nudge, "Bee, I'm going to make love to those beautiful breasts you've got."

"Stellar titties," Summer agreed and slapped Bee's ass. Bee jumped and followed Violet down the walkway. They walked down a little pathway and took a left at a set of old stairs. Violet searched her purse again for separate keys while Bee waited on the third step. Summer reached up behind her and slipped her hands under her shirt, rubbing Bee's bra, "I don't know if I can wait much longer."

The door's lock clicked and Violet pushed it open. She turned around to grab one of Bee's hands and one of Summer's hands, with careful motion, she walked back into her house, taking them with her. 

It was dark inside, pitch black that matched the night outside perfectly. Bee stood in the darkness, waiting for her eyesight to adjust. Summer crept behind her again and slipped her hands under Bee's shirt again. She kissed Bee's neck, leaving a trail of kisses from her jaw down to her collarbone. Summer sucked on the skin a little and Bee found it difficult to breathe.

Violet lit up a few of the lamps with soft lighting and walked down the hallway, away from the entry. Summer gave Bee's neck a lasting kiss, licking and blowing softly on the sensitive skin. "Fuck, oh that's nice," Bee moaned. 

Summer lead her down the hallway and Bee found herself in Violet's bedroom. Violet was stretched out on the mattress and she patted the area next to her. Bee tripped on her way to the bed and scrambled up to the bed. Violet giggled and pulled her close, giving her light kisses on her cheeks, her jaw, and her lips. Bee hugged her close and let her hands wander down to the shape of her ass. 

She could feel Summer's hands roam up and down her body, squeezing her ass and rubbing sensitive spots. Summer tugged on her shirt and Bee leaned back from Violet to take it off. She held it in one hand and tried to determine the best place to put it. Summer plucked it from her grasp and tossed it to the side, "You're adorable and so nervous and so sweet but I need you without clothing," Summer pulled down the straps of her bra. 

Bee allowed herself to relax and just enjoy the moment. She took off her bra and threw it off to wherever her shirt had ended up. "Oh, wow," Violet crooned before she kissed her collarbone again.

"I, uh, thank you, you both are, oh gosh, so beautiful, and I, oh god, thank you-." Bree babbled while Violet made slow kisses from her collarbone, down her chest, giving playful licks and kisses. She grazed the swell of Bree's breast with her tongue and leaned down to give it a big, admiring kiss. Summer kissed Bee's cheek and kissed across her face before nibbling on her ear. Bree tried to keep still but there were so many things happening at once and it was hard to concentrate. 

Summer's fingers crept down her body and stilled at her pussy, rubbing her jeans. The movement was painfully slow and with all the extra layers, it was just humiliating how much Bee enjoyed it. Violet kissed down her breast and kissed the tip of her nipple, Bee gasped and squirmed underneath her. Violet smiled up at Bee and took her nipple in her mouth, sucking on it. 

No, she wouldn't be the only passive one here. With one hand, Bee took hold of Summer and brought her down to her level and kissed her. She kissed her with all the force she could muster, all the power she could muster. Bee pulled back for a moment before pulling Summer close again. She ducked her head down and kissed Summer's neck while Violet played with Bee's nipples. Bee became more forceful, more dominant and wove her fingers through her hair, clenching them into a fist and pulling her head back to have full access of her neck. Bee tugged her forward and bit her neck. 

Bee jolted back away from Summer, "Oh gosh, sorry, sorry I didn't mean to-sorry, I got carried away." Summer stared at her and breathed heavily. 

Violet giggled, "Oooo, you've got Summer fucked up." Summer's breathing eased and she didn't stop keeping gaze with Bee. She didn't stop keeping gaze with Bee even when she crept off the bed and pulled up her sundress. Summer stood in front of her, cupping her titties in her hand, circling her nipples through the bra. Bee watched her in silence, she was sure she was drooling. Summer dipped in fingers in her panties and shuddered for a moment. She held up her hand and in the soft glow of the lamp next to the bed, Bee could see her fingers were wet. 

"That was nice. I really liked that." Summer whispered and played with her titties for Bee's attention again. Bee licked her lips as Summer picked up one strap and shrugged it down her shoulders, teasing Bee. Violet tried to accomplish something but kept looking back to sneak peeks. 
