 A few days later, Melanie was walking a few doors down to her best friend Carissa's house. She and Carissa (or Kissa, as Melanie frequently called her), had known each other since they were toddlers, but they'd been fucking each other even longer than Melanie and Kayla had. 

They'd started when Melanie had first started lactating when she was only a "teeny-bopper", barely in Training Bra's. They'd not really known what they were doing, but Melanie had cherished the memory. They'd even dated for awhile a few years ago, but Kissa preferred guys; Melanie had been her only girlfriend, ever. 

Melanie on the other hand didn't prefer guys or girls, it made no difference to her. As long as they didn't judge her and could satisfy her, she didn't really care. 

Melanie got to the door and let herself in, then smirked as she heard loud grunts and moans coming from upstairs. Apparently Kissa's boyfriend was over. Jake was a really nice guy, and he'd fucked Melanie a couple of times before; he wasn't a bad lay, he just wasn't really Melanie's type. 

But, Kissa loved him, so Melanie didn't really mind. They were happy together, and as much as she loved Kissa, she only wanted her to be happy. It didn't matter who with. 

Melanie walked up the stairs, unbuttoning her blouse as she went. By the time she got to Kissa's room, her blouse was hanging open, and her breasts only covered by her black and red lace demi bra. She pushed the door open and leaned against the frame casually, watching as Jake pounded his thick shaft into Kissa doggy-style from behind. 

Kissa was clawing at her bed, clearly enjoying herself as she swore enough to make a sailor blush. Kissa may have been an angel otherwise, but she was a devil in the bed. Her tight, round ass bounced hard as Jake's hips slapped against it, and her perky C-cup breasts bounced and swayed beneath her. A fast stream of swear words elicited from her mouth as she came hard, and Melanie watched in amusement as Jake hunched over, his six-pack clenching and his ass pulling together as he stabbed himself as deep into Kissa and came himself. 

Melanie shut her eyes, enjoying the moment. She shivered in delight; she could almost feel their pleasure. Then she realized, she COULD feel them. She could FEEL Jake's 5-inch cock filling her, and his sperm blasting into her womb. She doubled over, biting her lip to keep from coughing in surprise as an orgasm washed over her; Kissa's orgasm. 

She clenched her hands and dimly realized her skin was glowing brightly again. She mentally swore to herself and forced herself to stand up, trying in vain to keep her composure as Jake collapsed next to Kissa. Melanie caught a flash of Kissa's cum and Jake's sperm dripping from Kissa's freshly-fucked pussy before Kissa rolled over as well, laughing richly with the pleasure. 

Then she saw Melanie. Kissa's face lit up with a smile full of love and joy and she waved shyly, mouthing "hi" silently as she elbowed Jake. Jake looked up and laughed tiredly, "Oh, hey Mel. Looking good today! Care to join us huh?" Melanie laughed and rolled her eyes, "The last time we did a three-way, you couldn't move for almost a full day afterwards Jakey. I don't think you could take it after the show you just put on." 

She walked into the room, peeling her blouse and dropping it on the floor before crawling up next to Kissa and sharing a quick kiss with her. Jake was watching them lazily as he replied, "Probably true..." He rolled over and also gave Kissa a slow kiss before she pushed him away laughing. "Go get dressed baby. You have to work in 20 minutes." 

He sighed and rolled away, getting out of bed; Melanie noted with some interest that his dick was still rock-hard and covered in Kissa's juices. He caught her staring and shrugged, "Maybe next time Mel." She nodded and eyed him hungrily, "Definitely next time." 

He got dressed and left the room before Kissa rolled over and propped herself up on an elbow to stare at her best friend, "So....what's up?" Melanie glanced towards the closed door before grinning and standing up to undress. 

Her bra came off and Kissa raised an eyebrow, staring. When her pants and panties came off, Kissa's mouth dropped open before she promptly closed it, opened it again, then closed it again before she finally asked, "Have....Have you been working out or something?" Melanie just grinned, "Nope! I don't know what happened, but I feel incredible. Oh, and they grew, again, obviously."

She reached up and squeezed her breasts, shivering with pleasure as a thrill rushed through her body from the touch. She struck a modeling pose and laughed playfully, "So how was the ride today?"