 NOTE: I spent a little time in an ROTC unit years ago and my knowledge of how they work is based solely on that experience. My apologies for any factual errors in actual ROTC or military procedures.



Captain Amy Connors stood tall, hands folded in front of her knee length regulation blue skirt, trying her best to appear as attentive to her boss' speech as were the hundred or so Air Force ROTC cadets seated before them. But she and General Gates were now on their fifth visit to a university in as many days, and as good as his presentation was, she could muster no real enthusiasm for it. All she wanted was to go back to their hotel, lie down on her bed, and spend the day watching television and ordering snacks from room service. 

 Actually, after five days of being surrounded by scantily clad college students, not a few of whom had hit on her – it's the uniform, she knew, some guys just love a uniform – the idea of taking two of three of the cadets back to her hotel and doing unspeakable things to them was also rather appealing. But Gates, a deeply religious man, would never go for that. And, she though ruefully, it would probably a court-martial offense. 

 But as she stood off to the side while he addressed the cadets, she casually scanned the room, checking out the college-age eye candy spread out before her. Granted, they were all wearing blue camouflage BDUs and shiny black boots, so she couldn't get a great feel for their collective hotness level, but she could at least gain a general impression. And the impression she had was good. How could it not be? They were young, they were fit, and not a one had a hipster beard or shaggy hair, two things Capt. Connors absolutely loathed. She preferred her lovers, men or women, to have a clean-cut appearance, albeit one that hid the sex fiend within. 

 She was sometimes surprised at how easy it was to find that combination. There was that straight-laced banker who was into being whipped, and the school teacher who'd loved having her ass fucked and owned an entire chest of sex toys. She wondered how many of these cadets would fit the bill. There was a very pretty brunette, one of the lower-level cadet officers, who looked like she enjoyed a good roll in the hay, and the broad-shouldered Hispanic cadet in the fourth row definitely showed promise. She bet he was good for four of five good fucks a night. She was less enthusiastic about the hot blonde who served as the cadet battalion's executive officer. She seemed to emit a prudish, frigid aura. No doubt another holy roller, Connors thought, just like Gates.

 Her ruminations on the cadet corps' collective sexual preferences were interrupted when the subjects of her speculation rose en masse and began applauding. Her boss had apparently finished his speech, which had focused on the changing nature of national security and the role of the U.S. Air Force in providing that security. It was an important and timely talk delivered well, and she hadn't heard a word of it for the past fifteen minutes. She'd been too busy conjuring up erotic images involving her and a squad of buff cadets with hard cocks and dripping cunts.

 It's not that she wasn't an attentive and disciplined professional. She was. She even had several overseas tours under her belt, serving as an intelligence officer in some very dangerous places; it was just that she had always had a very active libido. She loved sex and made no apologies for it. And it didn't help that she had spent the last week visiting universities in late spring, when America's nubile young college students shed much of their clothing along with their inhibitions. Just walking around these campuses had put her sex drive into high gear. Unfortunately, Gen. Gates insisted they have adjoining rooms, so there was no chance for her to pick up some young college stud, or anyone else, and relieve some of her sexual tension. The hotel walls weren't soundproof, and she was a moaner.

 After a brief Q&A and some closing comments by the Col. Peterson, the program's commander, the cadets were dismissed to return to their classes, their study groups or, at least in Amy Connor's filthy imagination, their wild and unrepentant fornication. God how she envied them. Her boss and the Colonel filed out of the room, followed by her and the other officers and enlisted personnel assigned to the unit. 

 "Connors," Gates called out to her, he always called her by her last name. "I'll meet you back here at, what Colonel, 13:30 hours?"

 "Probably closer to fourteen-hundred, sir," replied Peterson, a balding, thick-necked man with a jowly face. "The university president is a talkative type and these luncheons can drag on."

 "Fourteen hundred hours it is," Gates said, his voice booming down the hallway so that she could have heard him if they had been 40 feet apart, rather than the four feet currently separating them. "That gives you a little more than two hours for lunch."

 "Yes Sir," she replied. She kept her responses short because he hated wordiness, which meant he would be in a very foul mood this afternoon.

 Gates and Peterson headed down the hall and out the building toward a rendezvous with some of the university's leadership team. Capt. Connors turned in the opposite direction, following a tall, red-headed Air Force officer.

 "Well, that was actually a pretty interesting speech," the redhead, Capt. Ellen King, said as she led Connors into her office. "I thought he made some really good points, especially about the continued need for missile defense research."

 "He's a really bright guy and a good boss, if a little stuffy," Connors replied. "But hearing it every day for a week gets a little old."

 The two women stood looking at each other for a second, and then King stepped forward and gave her visitor a warm hug, holding her close for several seconds. Connors returned the gesture with equal fervor. The two old friends hadn't had a chance to talk before as she and Gates had barely arrived in time for his address to the cadet battalion.

 "It's good to see you again, Amy. It's been what, a year and a half?"

 "About that, I think," Amy said, stepping back and beaming up at her friend, who stood a couple of inches taller. "The last time I saw you was when you came to Washington for that conference on computer hacking."

 "Yeah, too long. I was thrilled when you emailed me you were coming. I'm hoping we can have dinner tonight, just the two of us, and then we can go to my place, drink wine and reminisce all night."

 "Sounds great, but what about lunch? I've got a whole two hours," Connors said. 

 "Shit, I'm so sorry Amy, but I can't do lunch. I have to meet my professor. I told you I'm getting my master's while I'm assigned here, right? "

 "Yeah, you mentioned that in your email. But I didn't realize that students generally dined with faculty. I didn't ever as a student."

 "It's a first for me too, but I need to talk to him about my end-of-semester project and he cancelled his office hours today. Lunch was the only time he could fit me in." King gave her an apologetic look. "There are plenty of food options over at the union. It's right across the mall from here. Or I can have one of the cadets get you something if you like?"

 Connors shook her head. She wasn't really that hungry right now anyway; she had just been hoping to spend some time with her friend, but understood how these things went.

 "I'm fine, really. The best thing you can do for me is to let me crash here for a little while. I didn't sleep well last night and I'm pretty beat. Can I just take a nap on your couch while you're gone?"

 "Of course," King said. She opened one of her desk drawer and pulled out a key. "Here's a spare office key. If you want to step out for a bite later, just lock the door. You can bring it back if you like. I eat in here all the time."

 Connors accepted the key with a grateful look, and then gave her friend a mischievous smile.

 "You're actually having lunch with this professor, right? Not meeting him at some sleazy hotel? Because if that's the case, I'm happy to come along."

 King laughed and shook her head.

 "I wish. He's pretty cute, but no, just lunch. Of course, who knows what will happen later on." She winked at her friend and then picking up her purse and cap, headed out the door.

 Amy Connors stared after her for a few seconds, remembering some of the good times they'd had over the years. They were not just old friends but on- and off-again lovers since the first week they met, more than 15 years ago. 

 They had been ROTC cadets themselves, rooming together during an 8-week summer training program at an air base in Missouri. They were young, lonely, outnumbered almost 8-1 by the male cadets, and absolutely determined not to allow themselves to be compromised by sleeping with any of them. So they had turned to each other. 

 Amy remembered that first night well. They had come back from an evening session of calisthenics, and both were exhausted. Ellen had complained about how bad her feet hurt, and Amy had offered to massage them for her if she'd do the same. Something about giving Ellen a foot massage had aroused Amy, and when she'd look up at Ellen, she suspected that her roomy shared the feeling. She had been too nervous to suggest anything more, but when it was Ellen's turn to return the favor, she had allowed her fingers to delicately stroke Amy's calf, and Amy found her courage.

 "You know, we don't have to stop at foot massages," she had said, keeping her voice in a low teasing tone, so she could claim she was joking if Ellen reacted badly. "I'm willing to swap other services as well."

 Ellen's reaction was all that Amy could have hoped for. She had smiled, and then moved her hand delicately up Amy's leg to her thigh. That night, they had gone down on the each other, and then lay together on Amy's bunk, stroking, kissing and licking until they both fell into deep sleep. After that, their sexual encounters became a perfectly natural and almost daily occurrence, and by the end of the program, they both knew that they would be lifelong friends and more.

 Or so Amy had thought. When last they saw each other, they had spent several nights together, and one evening had even added a civilian computer scientist to the mix. But a few months later, during one of their late night phone calls, Ellen had talked about how she was growing tired of casual encounters and one night stands. She was hoping to find a more stable, long-term relationship with a good man. Neither woman considered herself a lesbian; by mutual agreement, their encounters were just fun interludes, friends with benefits. So Amy had encouraged Ellen and tried to be supportive, even as she worried what it might mean for the physical portion of their relationship.

 So when Amy had come for this visit, she'd made no assumptions about sharing her friend's bed. She'd figured that their days of raising hell together were drawing to a close, and she could understand that. They weren't wild young women anymore. She'd regretted making the stupid joke about banging the professor at a motel as soon as she'd said it. But Ellen's response had puzzled her. Perhaps she was still open to something more. After all, there was no steady man in her life as far as Amy knew.

 Thinking about it was not helping to ease Amy's sexual arousal, and she didn't think she could go much longer without some relief. So she locked the office door and took off her blue uniform coat, hanging it on a coat rack in the corner. She then removed her skirt, half-slip and shoes and lay down on the small office sofa, carefully propping her head on a throw pillow so as not to damage the meticulous bun into which she had shaped her long, almost jet black hair. For a moment, she lay motionless, listening for sounds in the hallway outside. But the room was eerily silent and she guessed most everyone had headed for lunch. So she pushed her panties down to her knees and began to slowly run a finger around the swollen lips of her pussy. 

 Her breathing quickened as the movement began to send little spurts of pleasure through her body. With her left hand, she undid two buttons on her uniform shirt so that she could reach in and play with her breast, squeezing it and pinching her nipple. She inserted her finger into the folds of her pussy, pushing it into the moistness that was growing there. 

 She pulled back out and began to slowly circle her clit, then went back to stroking her lips. She continued these movements with an ever increasing speed, and then, with an ease that comes only from long practice, began using her thumb to fondle her clit while digging into her pussy and rubbing her g-spot with her middle finger. Soon, the spurts of pleasure turned into torrents and she could feel her body begin to tense. She sucked in her lips and removed her hand from her breast, clamping it over her mouth. She could feel her orgasm approaching and didn't want anyone passing by to hear her moaning. Then it came. Her whole body quaked and she grew flush; despite her efforts a deep guttural moan escaped her and she tightened her jaw muscles reflexively. Then it was over and she lay still, breathing heavily.

 She glanced over at the clock on a bookcase across the room and figured she could still get in a nice nap before Ellen returned. She was about to pull out her phone and set the alarm when a knock made her involuntarily jerk. Could someone have possibly heard her? 

 She rose and pulled her slip and skirt on, then tiptoed quickly to the door. The tapping came again, soft but insistent. Surely not a cadet, she thought, as she unlocked the door and hesitantly pulled it open a few inches, peeking out to see who it was.

 Outside there was indeed one of the cadets, a young African-American woman, still dressed in BDUs, her thick dark hair cut short. She was an extremely pretty girl and Amy found her arousal growing again.

 "Hello, can I help you cadet?" she asked. The girl's eyes went wide at the sight of this unexpected officer looking out at her.

 "I'm sorry, ma'am," the girl said in a soft voice. "I was looking for Capt. King."

 "I'm afraid she's gone to lunch. She let me use her office to get in a quick cat-nap." Amy smiled at the girl and pulled the door open so that the cadet didn't think she was trying to hide anything. The fact that she wasn't wearing shoes was easily explained by her catching a little shuteye.

 "Would you like to leave a message for her," she asked.

 "Oh, no thank you, Captain. I'll just see her later. It wasn't anything important," the girl, whose nametag read Jefferson, said. She was giving Amy an odd look, and then asked, "Is everything okay, ma'am? I thought I heard something like a groan."

 Amy couldn't help but blush. Damn, she thought, she'd tried so hard to be careful.

 "Oh, that was probably me snoring," she said quickly. "I've been told I sometimes do."

 "Oh, of course. I'm sorry to have bothered you, Captain."

 "That's okay," Amy said. "I'll let Capt. King know you stopped by. It's Jefferson, correct?"

 "Yes ma'am. Thank you ma'am." Jefferson looked up at her. Amy couldn't quite interpret the look in her eye, but it was surely not simple concern or respect. Jefferson may not know for sure what she'd been doing, but Amy would bet money that she strongly suspected.

 She realized, as she closed the door, that Jefferson's suspicions had no doubt been confirmed by the fact that Amy's shirt was still partially unbuttoned. Fuck, she'd forgotten about that. Plus, her nipples appear to have betrayed her, sticking out like two little missiles pressing against her shirt. 

 Well, that was embarrassing, she thought. Hopefully Jefferson wasn't going to be in the after-lunch conference the general was hosting for graduating seniors. Unable to nap now, she walked over to the union to pick up a burger, which she brought back to Ellen's office. Then, lying back on the sofa, she did indeed fall asleep, and remained so until her friend returned. 

 Thankfully, Jefferson wasn't at the meeting, although a number of other female cadets were, including the blonde battalion XO. Amy and Ellen both sat in on this meeting; their role was at least partly to provide a view of a female officer's life, the Air Force having decided to make extra efforts to reduce reports of sexual harassment and discrimination by making its female members feel more welcome.

 When it was over, Gates pulled Amy aside. He was in a surprisingly good mood, given that he'd had to suffer through a long lunch with a bunch of verbose academics. Indeed, he'd been a little late to the meeting.

 "Connors, I've got a favor to ask."

 "Certainly sir, anything I can do," she said, looking at him questioningly.

 "Well, coming back from that abominable lunch I ran into an old friend. He's a professor here now. Hadn't seen him in years, but we used to be pretty close. Anyway, he's invited me to come over to his house this afternoon, meet his wife and have dinner. So I was hoping to take the rental car if I can, but I don't want to leave you high and dry."

 So that's why he's so happy, Amy thought, and then realized that this meant he would not be around this evening, which cheered her up as well.

 "Not a problem sir," she said, extracting the keys from her purse. "I'm sure someone can drop my off at the hotel, and Capt. King is picking me up for dinner later anyway."

 "Excellent. Seems like we'll both have the opportunity to renew old friendships tonight." Gates grinned at her and then headed down the hall to say his goodbyes to Col. Peterson. Amy turned to look for Ellen, hoping she could bum a ride. Unfortunately, Ellen had a cadet activity to oversee for the next couple of hours.

 "But don't worry, I'll find you someone who can run you over to your hotel. Just a sec," she said, then stepped down the hallway, stopping at a classroom about two-thirds down the passage. She stuck her head in the door and said something Amy couldn't catch. The next thing she knew, Ellen was coming back toward her, trailed by, of all people, Cadet Jefferson.

 "Cadet Jefferson, Capt. Connors tells me you met earlier. I'd like to ask you a favor, if I could. Would you give her a lift back to her hotel?" 

 Jefferson looked from Ellen to Amy, and then back again. "Of course ma'am. I'd be happy to," she replied.

 "It's not that far. It shouldn't take long," Amy said. "I appreciate your help."

 "Always willing to be of assistance, Captain," Jefferson said, then added in a lower tone, "We females have to stick together, right?"

 King smiled at her. 

 "That's right, cadet," she said.

 Amy was embarrassed to have Jefferson serving as her chauffer, seeing as how she was certain the young woman knew that she had finger-fucked herself to an orgasm just a few hours earlier. But there was nothing she could do about it. So she smiled at the cadet and told her to lead the way.

 A few minutes later they were driving past students, both alone and in groups, in Jefferson's remarkably clean if somewhat aged two-door Toyota sedan. Amy remained silent so as not to distract her young driver during what was obviously a busy time on campus. The sidewalks were crammed and every so often a skateboarder or bicyclist would swerve in front of them. Finally, they reached the edge of campus and the herd of students thinned, allowing Jefferson to speed up without fear of killing anyone.

 Amy, consciously not looking at the young cadet, stared out the window at the businesses passing by, paying particular attention to any interesting restaurants that might appear. She felt awkward trying to force conversation, but wasn't sure she liked the uncomfortable silence any better.

 "So why do you want to be an Air Force officer?" Amy asked her, figuring it was an obvious question. She guessed the answer would be to fly, as it was 99 percent of the time. But Jefferson surprised her.
