 THIS IS AN ORIGINAL WORK, PLEASE DO NOT STEAL. COMMENTS ARE APPRECIATED, AND IF YOU'RE A WOMAN, THIS IS ESPECIALLY FOR YOU!

Melanie Thompson was your average 19-year-old American girl. She worked a boring retail job at the local Best Buy, was a cheerleader at her school, and was worrying about where she would go to college in the fall since she was graduating this year. Life was pretty good for her; in fact, it had almost ALWAYS been pretty good. She'd always been told she was pretty, beautiful, even. Everybody said so; it's why she was co-captain of the cheerleading team with her best friend Jennifer. She'd been blessed to develop a little earlier, and a lot faster than other girls, so she always got the boys. She'd been in a C cup by her 11th birthday! Unlike most girls, she loved her body, and even though she'd never had sex with a boy, one of the reasons she so loved her body was how sensitive it was. Especially her small D-cup breasts, which in her opinion, were perfect. 

The alarm on her alarm clock went off, and in annoyance she slapped the stupid thing so it would shut up. She didn't really notice that when she touched the alarm clock, all the lights in her room, and the heads-up display on the clock, dimmed. She climbed out of bed and stood up, stretching like a cat as the sun streamed in her windows on this beautiful Saturday morning. As she stretched, she eyed her reflection in her mirror out of the corner of her eye. Everything looked normal, at least as normal as anybody who was lucky enough to be supernaturally beautiful, could look. She yawned and put her hands on the windowsill, looking up into the sky and admiring the big, cottonball clouds drifting overhead. It was shaping up to be a beautiful summer day. Maybe she would get Jennifer over here to do some tanning outback? 

She walked across her room, stripping her nightgown as she went so she was now nude save for the baby-pink lace panties she always wore to bed. She eyed herself in the mirror before she bent down to open her dresser drawers and find something to wear; nothing looked unusual, but for some reason today just felt...different. As she bent over, her eye caught the calendar on top of her dresser, and she noticed the red lipstick print over today's date. Oh. Oh yeah, she thought to herself with a grin. Instead of pulling clothes out of her dresser, she instead opened another drawer and pulled out an odd-looking machine. It had two hoses attached to large suction cups on either end; the opposite ends of the hoses were attached to a machine, and on either side of the machine were empty, half-gallon bottles. It was strange to look at, and ungainly to carry and use, but it was Melanie's favorite "toy". It was her breast pump. 

Sitting the machine on her bed, she lay back and placed one suction cup over each of her tight, neat nipples. She whimpered in delighted pleasure when the cool cups touched her already-hard nipples. Once her breasts were mounted, she tentatively reached one hand down and turned the machine on. It was on low at first, but almost as soon as the suction started her body went rigid and she bit her lip to keep from yelping in pleasure. 

Why was a 19 year old girl pumping her breasts? Well, according to their family doctor, she had no choice. Bizarrely enough, her breasts had grown so quickly and so early when she was younger due to something he had called a "hormonal imbalance". What it meant for her though, was that her breasts grew quickly, because they were growing to accommodate the breast milk her body was producing, even though at that age she'd never had sex with a boy, and had never been pregnant. One day, she just woke up with her nightshirt soaked and sticking to her budding chest, and the next day, they bought her first breast pump. The feeling had been indescribable for her, like the best kind of candy. Apparently her breasts had become incredibly sensitive while producing their milk as well. It was during her first breast-pumping session that she'd had her first orgasm, at only 11 years old. 

Now, 8 years later, she was lying in bed, slowly turning the dial higher and higher, causing the machine to pump harder and harder on her milk-filled breasts. She hated starting slow, but the doctor said she had to start slow, or else she could hurt her precious breasts. She only hated it 'cause it took her longer to get to her first orgasm- nearly 5 minutes! If she started on full-speed, the force of the suction and the demand on her very tender breasts got her to cum in less than 2 minutes. Today, she lay on the bed, arching against the pumps, almost but not quite dislodging the cups, gasping for air as her precious milk squirted steadily from her breasts into the waiting tanks on the machine. 

Pump, pause, moan, pump, pause, gasp, pump, whimper, pump, cum, repeat. Even though she'd only been pumping herself for a few minutes, she'd already cum twice, and her thick brunette hair was sticking to her forehead, neck, and shoulders from the sweat, and she wasn't even close to finished. Neither Melanie nor her doctor's (and she had dozens of them trying to help her!) knew how much milk her girls could produce; but it was a lot! The most she'd ever done was filled her pump (which could hold a gallon at its max), 8 times in the course of a day. Melanie let out a high, loud groan and bucked against her bed, cumming hard. The force of her orgasm reached her breasts, and they also squirted hard, gushing into the waiting hoses. The tanks on the machine were almost a third of the way full. 

Melanie's hand twisted on the pump's dial, cranking it all the way to maximum, and the sucking on her breasts became excruciating and wondrous. It felt like the thing was sucking her down to her toes! Her body heaved and bucked against the force, her eyes rolling behind her closed eyelids, her breath coming in thin, reedy gasps and whimpers as orgasm after orgasm shook her. She pressed her legs together and wailed through her nose as she came hard; once, twice, three, then four times in quick succession. Her bed beneath her panties was soaked with her cum. 

She didn't know how much more of this session she could take, but her body demanded more. It CRAVED more, and her will had strength only to answer. Her hand clutched the dial of the pump tightly, and the machine started sputtering and smoking beneath her hand. Lost in the embrace of her orgasm-fest, she didn't notice that sparks were jumping from the machine into her hand, vanishing into her skin. Her other hand reached out from where it had been clutching her sheets, her fingers flexing in vain; the lights in her room flickered as her body arched and she let out a low wail as she came again, squirting this time and spraying cum all over her dresser, a few feet from the foot of her bed. 

Her head rolled and she groaned, panting; her second hand not holding the machine flexed, and the lights dimmed even further, this time sparks leapt from an exposed power outlet across the room, almost as if they had a life of their own. They leapt into her fingers, glowing, glittering bits of electrical power leaping into her body almost as if she'd drawn them in. Her fingers dug into the pump at her side and she didn't notice her hand glowing briefly, and the sputtering machine started pumping with renewed force. She groaned "Ahn God!" and shivered, arching against the cups and cumming hard again before collapsing to the bed. The bottles on the machine were almost full.

Melanie continued writhing and squirming on her bed, her body exhausted of cum, but still wracking itself again and again with orgasms. The more she squirmed and heaved the dimmer the lights got. Had anybody been around to see her, they would've noticed the her skin was glowing, almost as if from within. The pump's tanks were full, but it still sucked vainly away on her breasts, and her thick milk filled the suction cups quickly before they both popped off her breasts with a sloppy, wet sound, and milk drained out over her breasts. Her body arched, and her legs pressed hard together. Her mouth opened in a soundless scream; and anybody looking closely could see small bolts of lightning arching around inside her mouth and throat. She bucked hard. Once, twice, then went rigid, and the room went dark save for the sunlight streaming in the window. Smoke rose from the top of the machine, and almost as if on cue the battery pack on the back of the machine let off a miniature explosion, and the scent of burned batteries filled the air. Smoke also drifted upwards from the now-burned out power socket that had been exposed. 

Melanie passed out, and her hand flopped against the machine, carelessly knocking it off her bed. It hit the floor and one of the tanks popped loose, spilling her thick, creamy white, warm milk onto her carpet as Melanie lay insensate on the bed. Her breasts still trickled milk slowly from her hard, bright-red nipples, and her pussy shuddered sporadically as she lay on her now-milk-and-cum-soaked bed. Her skin was glowing brighter than ever......