 This was my first attempt at adult fiction, written back in 2003 as a piece of fan-art for a now defunct website I used to subscribe to. This is part 1 and there are two other parts that form the whole sordid tale.

Any feedback would be gratefully received and if there is a demand I will publish the other two parts.

This is a totally fictional tale of extreme lesbian domination, BDSM and submission, any similarities to other real or fictional people is entirely coincidental.

*****

The woman squirmed unconsciously in her chair, she honestly didn't realise she was doing it. She had been to a hair-dressing salon before and nothing like this had ever happened before. Every time her hair dresser moved, she moved, trying to get her to rub up against her again, to get that illicit feel of smooth cold leather brushing against her skin. 

She had noticed it yet not paid it too much thought as soon as she walked in, all the staff wore in some shape or other, leather. Sure there were lots of different styles and colours but if you looked close enough, they were all wearing leather. It's probably just a fashion thing, she'd thought to herself, silently cursing her self for missing yet another new trend. And so she'd thought no more about it.

Yet here she was straining in her seat to get another feel of that cool black leather that the salon owner, Karla wore as she first cut her hair and then sensually massaged her scalp." It's a good job she doesn't realise what I'm doing" Sarah thought to herself as she finally admitted to herself that she was getting off on this.

Karla continued to massage her beautiful clients scalp, giving the same highly professional level of service that she gave to all who walked into her salon. But this one was different, she'd seen her looking around when Sarah first walked in, her eyes just a little wider than normal, her gaze lingering on members of her staff just a little longer than normal. And so as the pampering had gone on, after the salon junior had washed her hair, after she'd cut it just so, Karla had very subtly brushed the sleeve of her black leather jacket against her clients right cheek.

It was feint, but Karla felt Sarah tense as the cool, soft leather brushed against her. She heard the slight but definite intake of breath as new feelings stirred within Sarah. So as she continued to work at Sarah's hair, she did it again and the reaction was the same. Then something new happened, she realised as she watched her client that she was now moving as if to deliberately brush against her, her face flushing ever so slightly with each contact.

Karla took a closer look at her client, she was in her mid thirties, with mid length wavy dark hair completing a slightly Mediterranean look. She had strong, beautiful features which exuded confidence from every pore; she was about 5'7" with a trim well toned body born from hours in the gym. She was the archetypal successful business woman with neat manicured nails and soft tanned skin.

Karla new instinctively that here was a cherry ripe for the picking. Her salon only catered for the higher end of the market and so the bulk of her clients were seriously wealthy people. Yet it never ceased to amaze her as she observed her clients the amount of repressed sexual energy hidden just below the surface. All the money and all the possessions these people had yet so few had found release for their true feelings.

For the very, very select few Karla offered a treatment for that too. You could not ask for it or book an appointment for it, you could not beg or pay for it. Yet somehow word had gotten out that if you were female and needed the ultimate relaxation therapy, there was only one place to go. No one spoke of it or complained if they didn't get it, indeed the thrill of finding out if you'd been selected for treatment seemed to be part of the whole experience.

Sarah had almost forgotten about the "therapy". So lost was she in her little game that she was really startled by the sound of Karla's voice.

"Would you care to try one of our latest treatments Madam, with our compliments of course!?" Karla asked.

"Y-yes, I-I'd love too" Sarah stammered, her heart and mind now racing. Quickly she got up from her chair and followed Karla to the back of the salon and into a large well lit and beautifully appointed treatment room. The floor was a light wood veneer, the walls plain white, all the lighting was hidden yet seemed to come from everywhere. In the middle of the room stood a huge treatment bench, finished in black leather, with chrome steel legs and various attachments coming off of it.

Against the left wall stood a long low leather sofa, against the right various equipment trolleys and the far wall appeared to be just one large cupboard. At the end of the treatment bench stood a girl who Karla introduced as Kelly. She was told that Kelly would look after her while Karla went off to prepare her treatment. Sarah's gaze fell to the girl now beckoning her forward, she estimated her to be about twenty years old and was, except for her uniform, Sarah's idea of a typical salon junior. She had long straight blonde hair tied in two pig tails and an almost impossibly petite figure.

If it hadn't been for the tight fitting nature of her clothes Sarah felt sure she would struggled to see any kind of a bust on the girl yet the purple leather bib-style top seemed to lift and emphasize them as pert little globes of pleasure. She also wore a matching leather mini-skirt that in Sarah's opinion was only just long enough to serve as a belt! At the end of an impossibly long and slim pair of legs was a pair of strappy sandals with the thinnest four inch heel she'd ever seen.

"If you'd like to take your cloths off madam and lay down on the table, Miss Karla will be back shortly." Kelly said in a light sing-song voice. "Here, let me help you madam."

And with that the assistant moved behind Sarah, pressing herself against her back and reached around to start unbuttoning her silk blouse. Sarah couldn't believe what was happening, she was a successful business woman worth a small fortune with a husband waiting for her in their five bedroom executive home only miles away. Yet she was allowing some twenty year old leather-clad temptress to undress her in a public hairdressing salon. But as soon as she felt the soft leather of Kelly's blouse press against her back through the silk of her designer top, she knew she wanted this more than anything else in the world!

She allowed her blouse to fall from her shoulders gently to the floor, she felt hands tug at the zip of skirt and heard the metallic rasp as the zipper was pulled down. She could now feel the soft kid leather of Kelly's clothing pressing against her naked flesh and as she stood in just her lace underwear and stockings she felt the unmistakable shape of an erect nipple pushing through the leather into her back.

Sarah trembled with anticipation, she was used to being in control sexually, constantly fighting of unwanted advances from men who saw her as a trophy to be acquired, feigning interest at her husbands' occasional and half-hearted clumsy attempts at affection. She had never been this close to another woman and she didn't know what to do. All she knew was the warmth spreading from deep within her was there for a reason and she'd decided when she woke this morning that for once in her life she would take a risk!

Now she felt the clasp of her expensive designer bra being undone and it being slipped from her body. Nearly naked and not a word had been said, the tension was so thick you could cut it with a knife and just added to the confusion that crowded her mind right now. Very gently she felt two delicate female hands grasp her shoulders and slowly turn her around, when she stopped she found herself face to face with a beautiful exquisitely made up female face barely inches from hers.

In her mind a battle raged between two opposing forces. The sensible side screamed that no woman in her position would do anything like this and the repercussions of getting caught loomed large in her mind. Yet despite this she could not silence the years of nagging doubts she felt whenever she was with a man she knew didn't appreciate her, the years of quite whispers from that little voice in her head every time she saw an attractive woman now grew louder and louder until they became a cry that drowned out all other thoughts!

So when Kelly's lips touched hers, she didn't pull away or flinch, she just gave in and felt the heady release of all those years pf frustration. Slowly she kissed her back, tentatively at first but with a growing passion. So when she felt the soft leather covering of Kelly's pert breasts she moaned softly into the mouth of the first girl she'd ever kissed. Without realising it she reached out and cupped two perfectly toned buttocks in their oh-so-tight leather casing and felt a shiver run right through her. 

Together they abandoned themselves to their feelings and as tongues sought out tongues, hands explored each others bodies and lust was ignited at what was found. So engrossed were they in their new found passion that they didn't notice anyone entering the room, their concentration only broken by the sound of the door closing behind them. Still held in a tight embrace the lovers turned to see who had entered.

Karla stood looking at the scene quietly happy with what she saw. She wore her favourite tight black leather trousers over the top of a pair of fashionably pointy toed high heeled knee boots. Above that she wore a matching leather jacket with nothing underneath, unless you count two nipple clamps joined by a chain as clothing of course. Finally she wore a pair of soft, supple black leather gloves which she now flexed in anticipation.

Next to her stood Ysobel, Kara's friend, lover and slave or mistress depending on how the mood took her. She was dressed altogether differently and the temperature in the room palpably went up as everyone drank in the sight before them. She wore a thigh high boots over black latex stockings that were held up by suspenders attached to a pair of skin-tight black rubber hotpants. On top she wore a black long sleeved latex blouse that hugged her shapely body, made even more so by the red bustier laced tight around her waist. Covering her hands were a pair of jet black latex gloves topped by a single diamond ring.

"I'm glad you've made a start on your treatment." Karla said to Sarah who was still holding on to Kelly and was now feeling decidedly underdressed. "It looks like you'll be even more receptive to your treatment than I thought."

Sarah didn't know what she meant by that but doubt and not a little fear had taken hold in her mind now and she was starting to regret her earlier rashness. Karla walked slowly over to her and slowly reached out her hand to trace a line up her naked back to her neck. Paralysed by uncertainty she watched as Karla's other hand grasped the back of Kelly's head and pilled it toward her. Only inches from her face Sarah watched the two women engage in a passionate lingering kiss and felt familiar stirrings in her loins.

She was just berating herself for letting herself get into this bizarre mess, a million miles from the cosy life she knew when she felt Karla's leather covered hand on the back of her head. At the same time she realised that Karla was no longer kissing the younger Kelly. No sooner did this dawn on her than Karla's lips met hers, she was so shocked that by the time she realised what was happening, Karla's tongue had found hers which had responded of her own accord.

Karla's body pressed against Sarah and now she felt the divine touch of cool, smooth leather all over. The stirring inside of her was now a burning fire, all doubts evaporated in its heat and for a moment Sarah nearly wept in joy at the feel of Karla's gentle yet confident leather embrace. For the first time in longer than she could remember, Sarah wasn't in charge and it felt good! She opened her emotional floodgates and let these new sensations in unimpeded.

Sarah allowed herself to be pulled away from the young nubile body of Kelly and after some moments of searching kisses and roving, exploring hands, let herself be lowered face first to the treatment bench. The whole bench was then tilted upwards so that Sarah could see ahead of herself without having to strain her neck. Facing the large cupboard at the end of the room, she now felt the part of the bench beneath her legs split in two. The bench now formed an upside down "Y" that neatly spread her shapely legs apart.

Karla stood in front of the bench with Kelly while Ysobel walked behind Sarah, her heels clicking loudly on the wooden floor. Sarah felt something cold on her back and realised it was her first experience of the feel of latex. She thrilled to the touch as Ysobel ran he rubber covered hands over her golden coloured skin and then watched as Karla ran one hand up the inside leg of the now statue like Kelly.

Sarah could feel the dampness between her own legs as she watched Karla's hand work its way higher and higher up the young girl's thigh. Then with one gloved hand she hitched the girl's leather micro skirt just a little higher to reveal a beautifully bare, shaven quim. Sarah gasped, she had often fantasised about girls private parts as she secretly watched them on the train or in board meetings and now she was just feet away from one for real this time!

Kelly now turned away from Sarah and bent over nearly double, peering back at her through her slightly parted legs. Karla stood beside Kelly and fixed her sights firmly on Sarah as she brought her arm back and landed a loud SMACK on her bare cheeks with her leather gloved hand. Sarah probably jumped more than Kelly who let out a restrained cry as the blow landed. Then came another and another until the whole of Kelly's bottom below the hem of her leather skirt was bright red and Kelly was gently sobbing between gulped breaths.

"What do you say?" Karla asked of the girl who had not moved from her place during her beating.

"Th-thankyou Mistress." The young girl replied as she fought to catch her breath.

"That's better, lets not forget our manners just because we have a visitor shall we?"

Karla now slipped her right index finger into the girl's pussy. Sarah couldn't believe her eyes, Kelly was so wet as a result of her spanking that she could hear her juices slurping against the leather of her glove as she penetrated her employee's vagina. And the sight of that black leather glove parting the soft pink labia was enough to blow her mind. Sarah felt giddy with excitement and found her mouth watering at the thought of tasting a woman for the first time.

Just as she was slipping away into her own little world Sarah felt her cheeks being parted. She had almost forgotten about the latex domina softly caressing her back but was suddenly reminded of her presence as she felt a smooth hard latex finger being pushed firmly into her own flesh pot. She gasped at the coolness of the latex against her inner-self and with the realisation of just what was happening to her came the feeling of a massive, unstoppable orgasm crashing over her.

As Sarah started to come down she saw Karla pull her gloved hand from Kelly's eager sex.

"My my, you do love being spanked don't you? What does that make you then my darling Kelly?" Karla sneered as she inspected the love juice that now soaked two of her fingers.

"Your dirty leather whore slave, Mistress Karla." Kelly obediently replied, looking longingly at the leather gloved fingers that had come so close to bringing her off.

"That's right and your going to have to work a lot harder than that before I even think of letting you cum." Karla said to her, crushing any hope of a quickie and filling her with dread at her mistresses' plans. She was now a regular part of Karla's special treatment for her selected clients but Kelly never knew what each course of therapy was going to involve.

Karla now stood the girl up facing Sarah and then held her sopping fingers to her slave's mouth.

"Now clean your mess off my gloves you wanton little hussy." The classy dominatrix reprimanded. Kelly eagerly took both of the fingers offered into her mouth and began to suck and lick at the soft black leather. Sarah greedily licked her lips at the sight before her, barely noticing Ysobel walking round to stand by her head.

"You look hungry," Ysobel spoke for the first time since entering the room and put her cum stained latex gloved fingers to Sarah's lips. For a split second Sarah's mind reeled at the prospect of licking her own juices, she hadn't really masturbated until recently until her husband's inadequacies had forced her to relieve her frustrations. Just for a moment she took in the scene in the room with people she didn't even know dressed in bizarre outfits doing unspeakable things to each other and was horrified at her involvement.

Just as quickly though an almost primal lust took over her. She looked at the slim female hand encased in its shiny, perfect obsidian shell and decided she had never seen anything as sexy in her whole life. Her tongue snaked out from between her perfectly made-up lips and caressed the sleek surface of Ysobel's fingers, for the first time she tasted herself and the thrill of knowing that this woman had just violated her sex drove her wild!

Greedily she lapped at her own juices like a man lost in a desert drinking from an oasis. She took one then two fingers into her mouth, sucked hard on them, wrapped and twirled her tongue around them and gladly accepted it as Ysobel pushed more fingers in, one at a time. Lust had taken control of her, she focused all her energies on sampling and cleaning every little bit of the latex hand now stuffed tightly into her mouth.

She became aware of the familiar heat rising inside her and realised that she would soon cum without anyone touching her sex! Then just as she was reaching the crescendo she felt the fingers being pulled from her eager mouth, she sucked as had as she could to try and stop them from leaving so that she could just finished what she'd started, but to no avail. She was so close!

"I think madam is ready to see our little demonstration Mistress Karla." Ysobel opined as she walked towards the large cupboard that ran wall to wall and floor to ceiling at the end of the treatment room. As Ysobel started to opened the doors Sarah felt Karla fasten straps around her ankles and across her midriff, including cuffs for her wrists that now held her securely in place.

She no longer cared what was happening to her, she just knew that she had to cum! Her eyes now peered into the cupboard as the doors swung open, eager to see what new thrill awaited her.

But even in her excited state she was not prepared for the vision before her once the doors were fully open. Inside was a huge metal frame that made the shape of a box, it was fitted with eye-bolts and pulleys at various places and the whole thing was on castor-wheels which enable Ysobel to pull it into the room.

But the most amazing thing about the cage was not its construction but what was in it! Strapped firmly in place with her limbs pulled taught to form the shape of an "X" was a beautiful, long limbed blond held immobile and seemingly impassive by her bonds. She was made silent by a huge ball gag that wedged her jaws uncomfortably wide apart and she blinked rapidly to get used to the light. Other than that the only clothing she wore was a pair of plain black high-heeled court shoes.

As Sarah's eyes drank in the details she noticed the strong bone line and proud facial features of the captive woman, her eyes drifted down taking in the firm pert breasts, flat, trim stomach and finally a neatly trimmed pubic mound with some fine silver jewellery dangling from her labia. Sarah saw the captives face flush when she realised where she was looking and realised she was getting a buzz from being part of her discomfort.
