 I live happily with my partner in Queensland, Australia... when I'm not writing; I enjoy my partner's love, our sex life and the occasional sex with my girlfriends... I hope you enjoy my stories about my fantasies and maybe I'll tell you about my real adventures...

* * * * *

I had just locked my front door, was turning to walk down the front steps, when I heard a woman's cry of pain from the road. I ran to the front gate and found what appeared to be a mud monster lying on the grass verge. The monster was crying and including a few expletives between gasps. The monster raised it's hand and wiped away some of the mud covering it's face. I could now see a woman's face staring back at her; tears were streaming from her eyes, down her cheeks and mingling amongst the streaks of mud still on her face. I ran to the woman's side and helped her get to her feet, "Are you ok?" I asked, "I think I've broken my ankle" the woman gasped, then a loud "SHIT" when she placed her weight on her right foot. At that moment the sky's opened and the third heavy downpour of the morning soaked us both in seconds.

I placed the woman's arm around my shoulders, "Quick, come inside before we drown" and together we hobbled to the front door of my house. I got the door unlocked and then helped the wet and mud covered woman into the house. A quick thought of "Bugger, I've just washed these floors" as I helped the woman to a chair in the kitchen, leaving a trail of mud and water on my freshly cleaned tile floors. The woman sat down heavily on the chair, allowing me to stand back and take stock of the situation. The rain had washed most of the mud from the woman's face and I estimated her to be, like myself, in her mid forties. Also like me she had dirty blonde hair but in the woman's case this could be real dirt. I turned away saying, "Stay there and I'll get a cloth and some water" I was only gone for a few seconds, returning with a clean face cloth and a bowl of warm water. I placed these on the Kitchen table and pulled out a chair for the woman to rest her foot on.

I knelt beside the chair and, using the cloth soaked in warm water, gently wiped away the mud covering the woman's ankle. It was starting to swell so I went to the freezer, took out one of my Chilly Bin Gel Packs, wrapped it in a damp towel and placed it over the swollen ankle, "How does that feel?" I asked, "A lot better thanks, God I feel a right idiot, I had just jumped one damn puddle, but when I landed, my ankle twisted and I fell into the next one, I must look a sight."

"Well I don't think it's broken, but it is swelling nicely, you'll be getting some relaxation time for the next few days I think," At that, the both of us started to laugh. "Ow, oh don't make me laugh, it hurts," then she only laughed harder. When her laughter eased up, the woman held out her hand," I'm Amanda, thanks for you help." Patricia, don't mention it" I said as I shook her hand. 

"I fancy a coffee, would you like one too?"

"Yes please," Amanda replied. I set about filling and putting the kettle on while Amanda used the face cloth to wipe some of the mud off her arms and legs. "When the pain eases you're welcome to have a shower, and I have some spare clothes you can have."

"Thanks again, well if I have to fall over, I'm glad I did it outside your house, I can't see me trying to hobble back to the office like this." The kettle boiled and I poured the water into two large mugs, "Milk and sugar?" I asked, "Just milk please," When the coffees were made, I brought them over to the table, "OK, lets have another look at the damage" I eased the towel covered gel pack off the ankle, "Can you wriggle your toes?" Amanda slowly moved her toes with only a slight grimace, "Thank goodness it's not broken, I'd hate to be laid up for the next few weeks, I've got far too much to do."

"If you feel up to it, do you want to take that shower now?" I asked, "Good idea, I'm still dripping here and I dread to think what my hair looks like."

I went into the bathroom and started the shower, making sure it wasn't too hot then went to get a large bath towel for Amanda. When everything was laid out, I went into the kitchen to help Amanda. "Best you strip off here, then I'll help you into the shower, in fact, I think I need one after you." Amanda gingerly stood and started to undress. She pulled her T-shirt over her head displaying a white lacy bra that only just contained her large breasts, I watched as Amanda reached behind and unclipped the bra strap. Once released from the confining bra, Amanda's large breasts dropped only slightly, I saw the large areole surrounding each nipple becoming visible as she lowered the bra then dropped it to the floor. She didn't seem to notice my eyes widen as I took in the sight of the large nipples sitting in the centre of the areole, however the nipples started to slowly get more erect, "Probably from the cool air in here." I thought. Next Amanda hooked her thumbs into her shorts and slowly lowered them to the ground. I held her arm as she lifted her feet to step out of them. Without any hesitation, Amanda slowly started to remove her white hipster panties. When she straightened after stepping out of them, I couldn't help but notice that Amanda was cleanly shaven, and her labia were plainly visible. I closed her eyes and slowed my breathing, "OK you're just helping her, calm down" I thought. 

All sorts of wonderful images had sped through my mind when I'd seen how clean and lickable Amanda's pussy had been. Amanda held out her arm and wrapped it around my shoulder. I felt Amanda's heavy breast brush then bump against mine as I helped Amanda to the shower, I couldn't help looking down at the breast pressed hard up against mine, "Mmmmmmm I would love to run my tongue around that nipple right now" I thought, the image causing my vagina to emit a spark of energy, straight up my body to my own nipples, causing them to strain against the material of my bra. Although my bra was a sheer lacy one, whenever my nipples were erect for whatever reason, the bra felt very rough and caused my nipples to become extremely sensitive, the sensitivity increasing with each movement. 

My right arm was wrapped around Amanda's back and the feel of her skin was heightening my arousal even more than the sight of those wonderful breasts. I was tempted to slide my hand down to Amanda's tight, pert arse cheeks and give them a squeeze, but decided better not too. "Wouldn't want to scare the poor girl, but then she can hardly run away," I barely contained the giggle that rose in my throat as we entered the bathroom. The steam was pouring over the top of the large shower stall, and when Amanda opened the stall door it enveloped her. "Are you OK by yourself?" I asked," Yes I can cope for now thanks," I wasn't sure but it looked like Amanda had a slight smile on her face as she entered the shower, "OK, I'll go and find some clothes, take your time"

As I rummaged in the wardrobe for some clothes, I could hear Amanda quietly singing as she showered. "She's got a gorgeous body" I thought, "I wonder if she's played with a woman before." I thought back to my first time with a woman and how much I'd enjoyed the soft gentle touch of a woman's hand on my body, and how different it was from being made love to by a man. The way a woman naturally knew how to pleasure another and bring her to some wonderful multiple orgasms. The kiss of a woman was so much more sensuous, her tongue quickly finding all the pleasure spots, and then there was the way a woman used all of her mouth on her pussy and clit, knowing exactly when to lick and when to suck, when to use her fingers and just where. "Mmmmmmm I could go a good session right now" I mused. I picked out a light top and some shorts for Amanda; I didn't bother with a bra, as I doubted any of hers would fit her, although my breasts where large and full, Amanda's would have over flowed any of my bras. 

I chose a pair of my own sheer panties and then laid the clothes out on the large bed. I searched for some more clothes for myself and then got undressed. I retrieved a large towel from the hot press, wrapped it around myself then waited for Amanda to emerge from the shower. After five minutes or so, I heard the shower stop and the stall door open. I went into the bathroom and helped Amanda step out for the stall. Amanda's skin had turned slightly red from the hot water and to my eyes she looked gorgeous. I couldn't help admiring the naked body in front of me, especially the large breasts with the very erect nipples, which were gently moving from side to side as Amanda breathed. 

I got the towel and opened it for Amanda, Amanda turned her back to me and I wrapped it around her. I slowly ran the towel over her back, then slowly started to dry further down until I was drying Amanda's arse. I held my breath for a second then Amanda opened her legs to allow me to dry the inside of her legs. I wrapped the towel around her right leg then moved it down to her foot, being careful not to hurt her ankle. I raised my head and found myself looking directly into Amanda's eyes; She had a soft smile on her face, " Mmmmmmm" she purred, " That's nice". I slowly moved the towel back up Amanda's leg, stopping just short of the junction between her thighs, then transferred the towel to the left leg and slide it down then up, removing the water droplets. When I was almost at the top Amanda's thigh, she opened her legs wider still. I was looking directly into Amanda's puffy and spread labia where I could see that her clit was hard and fully unsheathed. 

I dropped the towel on the floor and tentatively slid my hand up Amanda's thigh until I was cupping her entire pussy. I placed my thumb just above Amanda's clit and gently moved it from side to side then lowered it until it could roll the clit in tiny circles. I heard Amanda gasp and say, " Don't stop, please don't stop." 

Amanda leaned forward a little more and pushed her hips backwards giving me full access to her clit and opening vagina. I ran my tongue up the back of Amanda's thigh as I played with her clit, then moved my head underneath Amanda's pussy and replaced my thumb with the tip of my tongue, flicking the hard clit and gathering up the warm sweet fluid that was starting to drip from Amanda's pussy lips. I slid my tongue just inside her pussy then placed it back on her clit. At that moment Amanda came hard. She pushed hard back against my mouth and moved her pussy up and down my rigid tongue. Her orgasms hit one after the other, she was moaning and seemed to be having difficulty breathing as she started to gasp, inhaling more than exhaling, almost hyperventilating. Then she started to collapse, her legs giving out on her, I caught her and slowly lowered her to the bath mat. 

After a minute, Amanda's breathing returned to normal and she opened her eyes and looked up at me, "Wow, THAT was good, I think I needed that" I laughed, " It was my pleasure, you taste divine, especially when you cum. Now lets get you up off the floor and I'll grab a quick shower." I helped Amanda into the bedroom and showed her the clothes I'd laid out then went and showered. As I stood under the hot water, I ran my tongue around the inside of my mouth, tasting the sweet tanginess of Amanda's juices," I wonder if I'll get to taste some more of her and I definitely want to play with those magnificent breasts," I mused. I was tempted to slide my fingers onto my own clit and pleasure myself, but decided against it, "Hopefully Amanda will want to do it for me" 

When I finished my shower, I wrapped the towel around myself again and went into the bedroom. There I found that Amanda had slid in between the sheets and was sitting up in the bed, her breasts uncovered. She had a very sexy smile on her face as she said," Would you like to join me?" I dropped my towel, walked around the bed and climbed in beside Amanda. Amanda laid me back onto the pillow then softly kissed my lips, barely opening her mouth. I responded by opening my mouth just enough to allow Amanda to push her tongue into my mouth. Amanda's tongue searched and then played with mine, still able to taste her own pussy juice in my mouth. As we kissed I could feel Amanda's breasts pressing against my own, I could feel how hard Amanda's nipples where as they moved over my own erect buds.

After what seemed hours, Amanda started to kiss her way down my throat, her hand underneath my breast softly squeezing it, running a thumb over the sensitive nipple making me gasp and push my head back into the pillow. Amanda's tongue continued its journey onto my breasts, circling along the little bumps of my areole, before wetting then flicking the very hard nipple. Amanda continued to circle the nipple, finally she sucked it into her hot mouth, nipping the end with her teeth, and then sucking harder causing me to cry out. When Amanda moved to my other breast, she slowly started to move her hand down my stomach, moving from side to side and sometimes barely touching my skin. I immediately opened my legs for her, feeling my juices flow out of my pussy and spill down to my arse where they pooled. Amanda played with my belly ring for a few seconds then continued down to the small patch of hair that guarded the entrance to my pussy.

Amanda slid a finger alongside my clit, tracing it for a few seconds then continuing downwards until her finger slid easily into my hot, wet vagina. She circled the entrance before plunging the finger deep inside. I bucked my hips upwards, pushing against the intruding finger, trying to get it deeper still. Amanda withdrew it part of the way out then pushed it back in, repeating the process over and over. I couldn't stay still, my breasts where on fire where Amanda was sucking first one then the other nipple and when she added another and then another finger to make three fingers fucking me hard, I went over the edge, bucking my hips harder against Amanda's hand, feeling the tips of her fingers touching my cervix. I felt the world stop as orgasm after orgasm hit me. I couldn't breathe, I didn't know where I was and didn't care, all I cared about was the fingers wriggling and moving inside me and the hot mouth working hard on my breasts.

It took an age for me to come down from my last orgasm and, when I opened my eyes, I saw Amanda looking down at me with a soft smile. "Well you do know how to enjoy yourself don't you darling?" I nodded barely able to speak, "That was very easy to enjoy, Thank you."

"It was my pleasure and it was a little thank you for helping me out in my hour of need" I placed a hand under Amanda's breast and licked gently from the underside to the nipple, enjoying the weight of it in my hand and the reaction of the nipple when I touched the tip of my tongue to it. "I loved how you tasted earlier and I would love some more" with that, I pushed the bedclothes off Amanda and commenced kissing and licking my way down her body. Amanda opened her legs and settled herself back against the pillows, she took her breasts in her hands and started to knead them and pull on the hard buds allowing me to concentrate on my tongues journey. I stopped at Amanda's belly button, pushing my tongue inside then blowing into it, loving the way it caused Amanda to tighten her stomach muscles each time. As I played there I placed a hand gently on Amanda's thigh and softly stroked the sensitive skin, knowing how I love to be touched there myself. After a few minutes I crawled between Amanda's legs and surveyed the glorious bare pussy in front of me. 

Amanda's labia were still very swollen and her large and erect clit was in full view, seemingly begging to be licked and sucked. I spread the pussy lips apart, revealing the opening to Amanda's sex, the juices flowing freely from it. I leant forward and very slowly slid my tongue as far into Amanda as I could. Amanda bucked her hips upwards, squeezing her breasts almost painfully; tweaking the nipples and pulling them away from her breasts before letting them go only to repeat it again and again. I removed my tongue, taking with it a large amount of the thick sweet juices. I spread the juices over Amanda's clit then went back for move. After doing this a few times, I concentrated on her clit, flicking it hard with the tip of my tongue, circling it then flicking it again. After circling it for a few times I placed my mouth so it covered Amanda's vagina opening and clit then I sucked. I sucked gently at first then stronger and stronger as I used my tongue to delve into the hot vagina then flick the clit hard. Amanda came the third time I sucked hard, her hands flying to my head, pulling my mouth with all her strength against her clit and pussy, moving her hips faster and faster up and down until she went rigid, screaming some wild incantation as she came over and over again.

After a few minutes Amanda released my head and sat up. I gave Amanda's clit a little lick then knelt in front of her. Amanda once again held my head, this time gently, leant forward and softly kissed and licked my mouth, using her tongue to lick away her juices that were still smeared there. I responded and returned the kiss, using my tongue to wrestle with Amanda's. We both lay down on the bed entwined in each other's arms and softly kissed and touched each other. We hardly spoke until Amanda declared that she had to go. She'd only meant to be away from her office for a quick thirty-minute walk and she'd actually been away for two hours. I helped her get dressed, every now and then stopping to kiss a piece of uncovered skin, then offered to drive Amanda back to her office. The rain had stopped when we left the house and after helping her into the car, I drove Amanda the four blocks to her office.