 It all started as a bit of a joke. I was picking up my E-mails on my home P.C, when the doorbell rang. It was my wife's friend Jill, she had come to see Jane my wife. I let her in and took her through to Jane who was in the lounge.

Jill had just got a new job selling lingerie at house party's, and had brought her case around to let Jane have a sneak preview of the things in her kit. They sat down and began to catch up with the latest gossip and I returned to my P.C. later the telephone rang, it was a call from work, I had to go in as the new system was on the blink. I went to tell Jane that I was going in, as I approached the room there were lots giggles to be heard. I stuck my head around the door to see what was going on. Jill had laid out the contents of her sample case on the lounge floor, they were both laughing at a large purple vibrator about 12" long that was wiggling about on the floor. There was also lots of lacy stuff about. I asked Jill "if she modelled the stuff at the party's, as She would look good in the little black thing at her feet." She said "that usually she got one of the guests to model them so she could be doing the sales talk."

After telling Jane that I was going to work, and saying that I would probably be some time, she said "its ok we've lots to do don’t be too long though." I then went into work. After about half an hour the problem was solved. So on the way home I decided to call at the pub for a quick drink. 

The pub was almost empty when I went in, but sat on the barstool at the end of the bar, as usual sat Rob with his pint in hand. "What's up he said you don’t come out usually on a Monday," I told him about going into to work and as Jill was at our house, I had called in for a drink. As we talked about things, the conversation came around to Jill. "What is she doing now he asked?." He and Jill had been an item for a bit, but they had split and I still didn’t know why. "She has started doing lingerie parties I said." Rob thought about this for a moment and then replied "well that will give her a lot of opportunities I guess,"

"Opportunities for what I asked."

"Well you know how she is he said."

"No" I replied. He then began to tell me that while they were together she had slept about quite a bit. "Well" I said, "I don’t see how the new job would be helpful for meeting new people as the parities were mostly for women."

"That doesn't bother Jill," he said"

"that was most of the trouble."

"If she had been seeing men behind my back it would have been bad enough but what could she get from another women she couldn't get from me." I didn’t get it at first and then the penny dropped. "Oh I didn't know she was like that," I said and laughed, but then alarm bells started ringing. After a while I finished my drink and set of home, surely she didn’t think of Jane like that, they had been friends for years. The thought of Jill had design's on Jane at first was weird and a bit repulsive, but the more I thought about it the more horny I got. 

I pulled the car slowly into our driveway and looked at our house. The lounge light was on but so also was the bedroom. I decided that it was probably a coincidence, but as my imagination was doing overtime, I decided to sneak into the house to see what was going on. The lounge was empty except for Jill's case, I opened it and had a look through it. There was quite a lot of underwear some lacy some PVC and under that there was quite a few toys, looking through the contents, I was sure it was fuller before I left and the purple monster was nowhere in site. I sneaked to the bottom of the stairs to listen. There were giggles and other noises coming from our bedroom.

I set of slowly up the stairs been as quiet as I could my imagination running wild, as I got to the door of our room it was slightly ajar. I got on hands and knees and looked through the gap, Jane was on the bed dressed in what looked like a black latex bathing suit. Jill was just moving from between Jane's legs and going around the bed. As she did I could see that the costume that my wife had on had big press-studs at the crotch, but I could see it was pulled to the side so that my wife's pussy was exposed and gleaming in the light. Jill was moving around the bed in a black see-through thing that left nothing to the imagination, her small but pert breasts and the tuft of hair above her pussy were both visible through the shear material. She got on the bed and positioned her self so that she was kneeling over so that Jane's head was between her legs. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. But I couldn’t draw my eyes away as she leaned over and began to lick the top of Jane's legs getting higher and higher until she got to Jane's pussy. She traced the outside of the lips at first and then licking through Jane's pussy she moved to her clit. Jane let out a moan as Jill made contact Jill began to lick Jane's engorged clit very slowly. As Jane began to respond Jill used two fingers to hold open Jane's pussy lips and using the other hand she began to finger Jane with her slender fingers, Jane began to squeal with delight at this. 

The more I watched the more I was getting turned on. Jill was licking intensely now, her 3 fingers pumping in and out. Jane's moans were getting louder and louder and as I watched I could also see Jane's hand, as it began to explore Jill's pussy too.

I watched my wife's pussy as Jill worked on it. It was getting even wetter as Jill's saliva and Jane's pussy juice began to mix together, also her pussy was swelling. I had only seen it like that a couple of times before and I knew she was very turned on. Jane's moans were reaching new levels as were Jill's. At that moment I needed something myself and I began to feel down the front of my jeans to my ever-expanding cock. Jane let out a loud cry at that moment and as I looked Jill moved slightly and I could see Jane's pussy as it contracted and spasmed in an intense orgasm. Jane then began to work on Jill, first with fingers then her tongue Jill soon reached her climax with a deep moan. 

A moment or too passed and then Jill moved from the top of Jane so she could concentrate on Jane. As she did I could see the crotch of her outfit was pulled tight, her pussy lips visible and glistening at each side of the flimsy material. Jill said to Jane "I've got better planed for you tonight." She then reached under the pillow and got out the purple vibrator from earlier. She knelt to the side of Jane on the bed and turned the vibrator on, a slight humming noise filled the room. Jill first ran the tip over Jane's breasts, her nipples becoming even harder under its vibrations. She then proceeded slowly down Jane's body, Jane letting out a squeal as it made contact with her clit. Jill left it there for a while, and then using the controls, that were attached to vibro by a wire, she change the speed from a slow hum to a intense buzz. That did the trick and Jane began to spasm and shake as another intense orgasm shuddered through her I could see her pussy opening and closing as her juice was squeezed out. 

When Jane's orgasm had passed Jill offered the end of the purple monster up to Jane's now soaking opening. Jane said, "I doubt I can't take all that Jill," but Jill replied "I'll be the judge of that" and proceeded to slowly push. Jane let out a gasp as it began to fill her and slowly Jill pushed the whole 12" into my wife. She held the thing there for a bit and then began to slowly slide it in and out. Jill was so turned on by the domination of my wife that as she moved on the bed, I could see her hardened nipples through her outfit and the thong between her legs glistened with her own juices. Her hand was now moving faster as she pounded the vibro in and out of Jane. Jill then pushed another button on the controls, and the thing began to squirm in Jane's pussy, the effect was startling, in a moment she was climaxing again and again.

There was on last trick in Jill's repertoire she licked her finger coating it with saliva and then moved it against Jane's ass. Jane was too far-gone to protest and soon Jill had inserted her finger up to the knuckle in Jane's ass. The vibro was still squirming in Jane's pussy and sensing that Jane was near again she bent down and began to lick Jane's clit. Jane exploded in another a huge orgasm her pussy gripping the vibro and Jill's finger as her pussy pulsed and pulsed ejecting more juice most landing on the bed but some landed over Jill's face and breasts. Jill the Jane lay there panting for a good 5 minutes.

Jill said "it's my turn." Jane picked up the purple monster, but Jill said, "I've got something else in mind." She rummaged once again under the pillow, pulling out a long black dildo, Jane said, "what am I going to do with that."

"This is new to our range, didn't you wonder what the studs on your suit were for"? Said Jill. She moved to Jane and attached the dildo to Jane's costume with the press studs so it stuck out like my own prick was now doing from my Jeans. Jill positioned herself on the bed with her legs wide. I could see Jill sigh as Jane moved over her and began to massage Jill through her suit, her now wet pussy visible though the thin material. Jane undid Jill's suit between the legs to give her better access, and then began to repay the favour by licking Jill's pussy. Jill's juices soon began to flow as she approached her climax, soon she was begging for more. Jane guided Jill to the edge of the bed she positioned the end of the big black dildo at Jill pussy lips and with short thrust entered. She began to use slow deliberate strokes in an attempt to get the entire dildo inside Jill. In a couple of minutes the full 12" was pistoning in and out to the delight of Jill. I could see that Jane was also getting going again from the thought of what she was doing and also from the base of the dildo that was grinding against here clit with every stroke. Jill began to scream as she came loudly.

Jane said to Jill "you don’t get of that easily," she then guided Jill into a new position with Jill kneeling on the bed. Jane stood on the floor behind her with her back to me and once again entered the dildo into the now engorged lips of Jill's pussy. she began to once again to screw her with her dildo. In just a few minutes Jill was shouting out "harder harder," sensing that Jill was near Jane picked up the vibro from the bed and after turning it on full, placed it against Jill clit. That did the trick. The orgasm that went through her seemed to last for ages but Jane just kept on pumping as Jill came again and again. the orgasm's shuddering through her. I could see through the crack in the door the bed becoming wet from under Jill from the juices that were coming out with every push. Suddenly with a last push Jane came as well. So did I there noise masking mine. They both collapsed in a heap 

After a shot rest, Jill asked Jane "if that was better than a man"? Jane said "it was a different experience but she liked a good hard prick as well."

"me too" said Jill, "but most men don’t like it when you are BI." You are kidding said Jane "it's one of Tom's favourite fantasies.""If he could have seen us it would have made his night."

"How would you be with that though" she asked. "Would you mind if I screwed him,"

"I've thought about you too screwing often when I'm testing my equipment." I guess I can't say anything you’ve been screwing me haven't you" replied Jane with a laugh. "You can have tom as long as I'm involved at the same time."

"That sounds like fun when will he be back?" Giggled Jill , "we should let him catch us together like this." Jane said " another time when we can try out all the other things in your kit!" 

Jane then climbed of the top of Jill, and while they continued to talk I withdraw down the stairs. I went out to my car and waited 10 minutes. I shut the car door loudly and entered the house. The two of them were in the same room as I had left them. Although they both looked flushed they acted as if nothing had happened. Jane said "you haven't been peeking at the door at Jill's undies have you? I mumbled a reply and went to bed I didn't have to wait long for their planed encounter but then that’s another story!