 Part The Second: In Which the Maiden Esme Winterblossom, Taken Captive By The Sapphic Pirate Miranda And Her Crew of BBWs (Brazen Buccaneer Wenches), Finds Solace In The Arms of a Chubby Young Scullery Maid Named Amelia, Who Having Shown Her The Delights of "The Tingle," Promises To Return To The Cabin Where She Is Being Held, That Night For More of The Same

* * *

June 19, 17--

Oh Dearest Diarie,

Good as her word, as night fell Amelia snuck to my cabin, removed the peg that sealed my door from the outside, and crawled in next to me on my miserable beddings. She immediately covered my face with kisses which I most gratefully received, and we spent several minutes simply holding one another. In this short time I had grown to much affection for her round shape, as I believe she had for my slender and far more impressive beauty, and I felt the beginning stirrings of the "tingle" as I caressed her plump round Bottom and stroked her thick short legs under her nightclothes.

She opened the front of my gown and kissed and licked my petite buds, and I most enjoyed the sensation of her lips suckling at my nipples. I did the same to her with her fat round breasts, and squeezed them around my face, rubbing my soft alabaster cheeks against them. As I did so she placed her hand on my thighs under my gown, then slid her hand up until she had reached my sex. By this point my petals had become most embarassingly dewy and it was a simple matter for her to begin sliding her hand up and down them in imitation of the broomstick earlier in the day. I must confess to a most exhilarating feeling as she did this.

After a moment I was astonished that she took her hand away from my drenched sex and put it to her lips, licking it. That she should have such regard for me as to wish to taste my... I had the same desire for her suddenly, wrong though I knew it was, and after keeping my hand timidly along the line of her inner thigh, I suddenly thrust it into her sex, which was as wet and steamy as my own.

We each bucked up and down on the others' hand, and in imitation of her I removed mine from her sex and touched it to my own lips, smearing my face with her wetness. She moaned at this and kissed me, licking my face and climbing atop me, pressing her pubis into mine as if in the conjugal act, her fat belly and big round breasts pressing against me, weighing me down. Then she said "I must taste it, I must," and she climbed down between my legs and began to lap at my sex like a cat at its milk. I could withhold it no longer and soon felt the tingle explode within me at the delicious sensation she was providing me.

As the feeling subsided within me she rolled back on her back and in the dim reflection of moonlight from outside my cabin I looked upon her... yes to the world she might be small and rotund but I found her beautiful, her large round breasts rolling to either side, her soft tummy heaving up and down, her meaty thighs supported by her broad buttocks... I desired her, in every way, heedless of the opinion of men. I was on top of her, now, suckling at her fat breasts, licking the nipples, rubbing my own small breasts on her big ones to roll them about. Then I was kissing her fat belly, all the way kneading her large buttocks. Her sex opened up to me and I desired nothing so much as to sup of it as she had sipped at mine, and so I spread her legs apart and pressed my tongue to her moist mons veneris. She shuddered as I did so and I lapped harder, for several minutes, savoring the strong taste of her womanhood, until I felt her caught in the rapture of the tingle, her large bottom bucking up and down on my lips.

We lay there, caressing one another, she feeling my long slender arms and legs and torso, I kneading her round buttocks, her lolling belly, her fat round breasts. Sleep came to us as we lay there-- heedless of the horror that would find us in the morning.


Suddenly we were awakened by shouts, and just as I began to become cognizant of them I was dragged by one foot from my cabin to cower, naked, in the passageway.

"So ye'd enjoy carnal pleasures with that one which ye deny to our Captain, would ye?" shouted a fat cow of a guard at me. "Ye'll soon learn the punishment for that!" she spat, as Amelia cried at them to show me mercy.

My clothes (and you, Dearest Diarie) were thrust into my hands, and I was marched unclothed to another hold, where I now await whatever demoniacal punishments these Hell-Wenches can conjure up to inflict upon my miserable person, at Captain Miranda's diabolic pleasure. Woe, woe is me!

* * *

June 20, 17--

My dear Diarie,

After several hours awaiting my punishment in torment, mingled only momentarily now and again with memories of the pleasures I had enjoyed with my dear Amelia, (during which I learned a very interesting capability for inflicting the Tingle upon myself), the latch was opened and I was dragged out and above decks, still in the natural state as before. I only prayed that you, dear Diarie, would remain hidden in the place where I had vouchsafed you.

A sort of Court was assembled on the quarter-deck, with Captain Miranda seated, bare-breasted as before, upon a tall chair and several other half-nude pirate wenches assembled as a guard before her. "Bring the accused before me!" Miranda shouted, and I was pushed roughly into her presence, my exquisite beauty obviously taking her aback a moment as she inspected my delicate features in their state of complete undress. I tried to stand in a way which showed them off to their best advantage, hoping that this would lessen my punishment out of a desire not to harm anything so splendid as myself (and I say this in truthful modesty, for I am most beauteous).

"Esme Winterblossom," she intoned, as her Nubian servant brushed her long blonde curls behind her, "you stand accused of the crime of conjugal relations commenced without first offering yourself to your captain. Have you anything to say for yourself?"

"I know of no civilized place on earth where such is a crime," I said. "Indeed, I can only wonder what must be the history of yourself and your crew, that natural modesty should come to be conceived of as a crime." For, you see, I had conceived a desperate plan that if I encouraged Miranda to speak about how she had come to be so debauched and cruel, she might in turn take pity on one so much younger and more innocent than herself.

"You wonder what my history is?" she said, clearly surprised by my impudence. "You wonder what made all of us what we are today? Are you so innocent of the world, my naked Eve, that you really cannot conceive of the one, the only, the obvious answer? The thing that made us the fearsome and heartless pirates we are today--" and now she stood up, her vast breasts jiggling in fury, her copious belly spilling out as her trunk-like legs stood astride the deck-- "is-- MEN!" And her fury was truly a fearsome thing to behold, even as it came from one half undressed and unruly in her aspect.

"Once I was as you are, my pretty," she continued. "Thin, most fair, engaged to a captain of the Hussars. Like most men he had an unbridled appetite which I knew he often satisfied by whoring in town. But even I, his betrothed, often came under pressure from him to satisfy his unquenchable lusts. It was no longer enough for him to open my bodice and toy with my breasts or to have his mouth pressed upon mine; he wished me to pull at his purple-veined monster until it would belch forth his seed.

"Then that was no longer enough and he importuned me to put it in my mouth--" and there were groans of disgust from the crew at this. "And so, after much urging, in my love I lowered myself once to lick at his rigid brute as if it were a sweetmeat, and to allow him to fill my innocent mouth with his foul spew. Of course, with men, what was done once out of love soon turned to obligation; we could scarcely meet before he would have maneuvered me to some place where, in secret, I could kneel before him and slake his lusts."

Her Nubian servant swatted away some flies. "Still, he desired of me the one thing I dared not give him-- my maidenhead. I was forced to ever more desperate measures to keep him from demanding it in a way that I could not resist. My breasts had grown larger, perhaps because of the French food we enjoyed at balls and receptions in the social season, and this seemed to please him for a time, as I would take his manhood and rub it between my swelling breasts until, again, his slime would cover my neck and face and he would button his trousers, deeply satisfied with the performance of male lust he had given me."

Behind Miranda one of the pairs of pirate wenches began openly to kiss, and I must confess the sight did raise some slight arousal in my own sex. "Finally, weary of my constant refusal to let him have the one thing I believed I dare not, he told me of an alternative which he had learned of from a whore in the finest brothel in Ostend-- oh, yes, he loved making me listen to his constant and joyless transactions with the women of such places. He revealed to me that it was possible for a man to place his Cock inside a woman's Buttocks as well as in her cunny. I feared the pain that would follow, and I was right to do so, but out of love, I allowed him to take me that way. We went to an abandoned mill, and he raised my skirts, baring my bottom and forcing me to bend over as if I were a workhorse.

"He took some grease and pushed it roughly into the hole," she said, and I shuddered at the nightmarish act she described, which seemed a thing more coarse and brutish than any gentleman would ever indulge in. "Then pressing his cockhead against my bowels, he pushed it into me while gripping my buttocks like a steed. The pain was enormous, but I sacrificed my dignity in hopes that here, at last, would he find satisfaction."

She reached over to me, pushing my face up to hers. Her huge hanging mams dangled against me, and in the tropical sun I felt the heat radiating from her gigantic half-nude form. "Did we thus seal our love in this extraordinary fashion for all faithfulness unto death? On the contrary, at the end of it, as I lay there hurt and bleeding, he informed me that it was obvious, from the fact of having been shown it, that my bottom had grown much rounder since we had first begun our engagement; and that he no longer found my size pleasing to him, and I should go on a strict dietary regimen at once."

Her massive belly and breasts seemed to shake with the indignation of her humiliation. "Soon enough he broke off our engagement, and was posted to India. And now an embarassment to my family-- for I was once of what is called," and now she spoke with bitter mockery, "good family, I was quickly engaged to a dull-witted parson who was locating to the Barbados, and I was packed off to get me out of the way before my failure reflected poorly on my sisters' chances in being sold off like oxen to the bidder of best family and standing."

She walked around me, touching the end of a whip to my buttocks, and frankly admiring my nakedness, which made me aware what I had forgotten for a moment, that I alone was bare top and bottom on this ship. Then she continued her tale.

"Here the worse effect of my long infatuation with him was found," she began again, "for when I began to offer my new husband-to-be the same favors which my Hussar had demanded of me, he recoiled in horror and called me a brazen strumpet unworthy to be his wife. He too made most ungentlemanly remarks about my size, which I must admit had continued to increase in the unhappy state in which I found myself.

"My husband-to-be, unwilling to share a cabin with a female he considered unworthy," and here again she spat, "found alternate lodging in the ordinary seaman's quarters. To spite him I took up with one of the officers, and found him more congenial to the friendship of a buxom woman willing to satisfy his lusts with little complaint or thought of herself. This man at least had some sense of how to please a woman in return, and he was the first to show me how I might experience the supreme moment of pleasure for myself, as men do." At that she pressed the end of the whip against my pubis, and I felt a momentary spasm of the Tingle. Then she took it away and returned to her seat, setting her great bulk back in it and spreading her fat thighs in their breeches wide.

"It was also he who, in a sort of harsh kindness, snuck me below decks one night to witness what my would-be betrothed had become. Dressed in some of my own undergarments which I had thought lost in the washings, he was himself the recipient of Sodomy from one seaman while sucking at the pole of another. And watching the ludicrous exertions and grimaces to which he put himself in the act of being Sodomized at both ends, I could not but reflect bitterly on how ill-used I had been in the same acts.

"It was whilst on that ship, twenty days out of Gibraltar, that we were attacked by Berber pirates, and all the men put to the sword, including that fool my husband-to-be and, alas, the one man I have ever known whose lustfulness was tempered by some kindness and consideration for my person. For the women, such as myself, a different fate than Death awaited, and in the next year each of us was schooled in every debauchery by that crew, including, to my everlasting happiness, the natural and proper delights of Sapphism." At this a couple of cheers and "huzzahs!" came from the crew behind her-- but a wave of her hand stopped them.

"For all their cruelty, however, I learned one important thing from the Arab, that it is not the natural way of men to admire only the thin form such as yourself, my beauty." And now she ran her hand up the line of my stomach, and to my breast, which she cupped with her hand. "The Berbers admire the fat wench as much as the thin, and fed all of us captives so handsomely that we soon blossomed into the mighty BBWs that ye see before ye today."

Now she ran her hand up my backside, holding my small buttock in one hand as the other continued tracing its way across my stomach, grazing lightly against the hair that was all that concealed my sex. As she did so I felt, despite my terror, my sex begin to moisten again with desire. Though Miranda was most monstrously fat, there was something powerful about her that made her great bulk and overripe womanly attributes attractive to me. And I knew then that I had been foolish to keep myself from her when, by satisfying her as I had satisfied and been pleasured by Amelia, I might have substantially improved my position on this wretched ship and spared myself much sorrow. What, after all, is lapping at a woman's velvety puss compared to hard labor at scrubbing decks, cleaning privies, or killing vermin? I began to understand the calculation that she must have herself made while held captive by the Berbers.

"Eventually we made our escape, all of us women, on a ship which had been captured by our masters and left all but unguarded. I say all but unguarded, but it took cold-blooded murder to effect that escape, and there are few things which mark a woman so much as putting to the sword men with whom one has shared one's bed. Yet I did it gladly, and would do it a thousand times again, to escape the rule of men and be mistress of my own fate on the high seas.

"That ship, my pretty little popinjay, was this one, and for these seven years we have sailed it, women alone, spreading terror of our sex on the high seas, reclaiming treasure stolen from women by all the means that men have at their disposal-- pimping, inheritance, marriage-- and allowing ourselves to take the shapes that please us, and not just what pleases those vain, silly roosters known as men of society and standing."

I was just about to try to show some aspect of my feeling for her when she suddenly stopped her remembrances and turned brusque toward me. "On this ship, therefore, there is only one law-- what I say it is! And of breaking that law, you are found guilty, Miss Esme Winterblossom, and I sentence you to twenty lashes, which punishment to be executed tomorrow morning at eight bells. Take 'er away!" she shouted, and, oh wretched fate, before I could show her my admiration and willingness, I was hauled away again, nude and most disheartened, Dear Diarie, to suffer the punishments of this hellbound ship.

* * *

TO BE CONTINUED...