 Kim and Jeff were very excited when Kim reported to Jeff that they had been invited as guests on Ms. Lynn Stockman's 43' sailing yacht. Kim had met Lynn at the gym where they both worked out diligently 3 times a week. That had been some 6 weeks earlier. They had hit it off immediately and sought each other out as soon as either arrived. The invitation was for Kim and Jeff to join Lynn and some friends for a day sail. They were looking forward to the trip as the weather was perfect.

The night before the sail, Kim and Jeff had been at a sports bar drinking beer and playing pool with some friends. The friendly banter and occasional sexual innuendo wasn't wasted on either of them and when they got to Jeff's apartment, Kim was ready to enjoy herself.

Whether it was the alcohol or Jeff's sometimes egotistical nature, he left her unfulfilled and when he was finished, patted her on her ass and rolled over and was soon snoring. Kim was not only unfulfilled, she was angry that she still dated a guy that seemed to always take his own pleasure and wasn't particular about her needs.

She was still steaming the next morning and was ready to call Ms. Stockman and explain that she wouldn't be going sailing this day. Jeff finally talked her out of that and they were finally on the way to the marina where Ms. Stockman had her yacht berthed. 

Ms. Stockman had obtained the boat and other toys when she'd taken her quite wealthy philandering husband to the cleaners in a divorce. She now had his toys and the funds to enjoy them to the fullest.

They were just pulling into the parking lot when Jeff's cell rang. "Yes? Damn, are you sure? Well, okay." He hung up and turned to Kim. "Sorry babe, I have to go to the office. Something big came up. Sorry to leave you in a lurch but Ms. Stockman will get you to your place I'm sure."

"You and your job, it's always about you isn't it? Like last night, that was all about you and you didn't care about my needs. Go ahead; I can just call a cab. I'm not going sailing with anyone as mad as I am and I certainly don't want to intrude on Ms. Stockman and her friends." "I mean, I like her and she doesn't deserve a bitchy woman spoiling the day for the rest of them."

"She'll just have her chauffer drop you, I'm sure. It's no big deal baby - you know this job is very critical to me."

She watched Jeff drive away in his BMW, the one he could barely afford. I need to dump this loser, he only cares for me as long as he can get it up and get off, she thought. It's a wonder he hasn't asked me to help pay for that expensive car.

She walked down the pier towards the towering masts of the sailboat. I need to at least explain why we aren't going and to thank her, she reasoned to herself.

Lynn met her at the ladder with a big, glorious smile and a warm greeting. "I'm so glad you could make it Kim, I've been looking forward to entertaining you with my toy."

Before Kim could respond, Lynn had taken her arm and led her onboard and into the main cabin. It was luxurious and well appointed. Kim was duly impressed. 

"Here dear, I've fixed us Mohitos. They are a great wake up drink, don't you think?" as she peered over her glass at Kim.

Kim took a taste and nodded her approval. "UMMM, Ms. Anderson ..." Lynn interrupted her before she could say anything else and said, "Call me Lynn dear, please."

"Ummm, okay" stammered Kim as she took another big drink to bolster her courage to tell Ms. Anderson, Lynn, that she wouldn't be going with her. 

"Ms...um..Lynn, I'm afraid I'm going to have to pass on this sail, Jeff got called away to the office." 

"Nonsense love, we don't need him along. I've sailed this boat by myself many times. He was invited just because you seemed like you wouldn't come unless he did."

"Are you sure Ms, umm sorry, Lynn?" Kim was having problems addressing Lynn so informally due the age difference. Lynn was a late 40's or early 50's and Kim had just turned 20. Their appearances, although both were very attractive, was different also. Lynn was over 6' tall; slim with dark olive skin and piercing green eyes. Kim was half a foot shorter, tending towards blond and had larger breasts by maybe a cup size than Ms. Anderson's 34A cups. Kim could remember thinking that Lynn never needed a bra when working out at the gym with her.

A warm glow was building in Kim's stomach as the Mohito was making its way into her system. She hadn't seen Kim drop a small pill in her drink. 

"Okay now girl" said Lynn, "You're not going to just sit there and not help with the sail. Even though I can do it by myself, you're going to help. Go forward and release the lines when I tell you." 

"But where's your friends, are they here yet?" Kim looked around perplexed but feeling more relaxed than she had in a long time.

"Just go release the lines love; I'm sure we'll work out where they are in due time."

Kim did as she was told, feeling even more mellow and relaxed and starting to not care that Lynn's friends were probably in the forward stateroom. They'll probably show up once we're in the channel, she thought.

They were several miles in the gulf, riding the waves that lapped gently at the hull, the sails full and tight. Kim had helped with the lines a bit but everything was electronically controlled and self-furling so not much was required.

"Come sit by me pet" said Lynn as she padded the cushion near her behind the large wheel.

"Ummm Lynn, I feel sorta funny." 

"Are you sick dear?" Lynn asked seemingly without a concern. She knew that the drug she had administered was working well and it wouldn't be long until she could enjoy what she had been longing and planning for since she first saw Kim at the club 6 weeks earlier.

"No, I don't feel sick exactly" responded Kim, "just, well, sorta like I'm dreaming but am still here."

"I know, let's set the autopilot and get some sun maybe that will help you enjoy your dream." She cooed.

"I didn't bring my suit. I wasn't going to go so left it in Jeff's car." 

"Darling, it's just us girls, you don't need a suit. Go put your things in the salon and I'll get the suntan lotion."

"Yes Lynn," Kim responded hypnotically. 

"Ah yes, this is working out just fine, Lynn whispered to herself. Kim's response to the news that the other guests had last minute plans and weren't aboard either, wasn't met with suspicion but she had merely shrugged and drifted off a bit. The gentle rocking of the boat, the warmth of the sun and the drink had made Kim very susceptible to just about anything.

Kim returned with a large beach towel wrapped around her. Even in her drugged state, she was feeling a bit embarrassed. She'd seen Lynn in spandex, as she had been which didn't hide much, but they both still had clothes on.

The cockpit was empty when Kim came up the stairs. She looked around, the boat was on autopilot. She climbed to the upper deck and was shocked to see Lynn lying on the deck on her stomach -- nude. Kim didn't know whether to go back downstairs or move forward. She'd seen women nude before but seeing the older Ms. Anderson, it un-nerved her. She didn't have a single lesbian thought or tendency whatsoever. One time at college a friend of her roommate had tried to put a move on her and, although she wasn't repulsed, she wasn't the slight bit interested either. 

Something was different. She didn't know what was going on with her mind. She was looking at Lynn with different thoughts. 

"Come on dear, drop your towel and join me." Lynn said as she rolled over onto her back. Kim was startled to realize that her eyes went to the Y between Lynn's long legs. She was a true dark-haired beauty and the proof was right before Kim's eyes. Her pubic area was covered with dark hair.

"Right here my love, right here" said Lynn as she patted the large padded cushion she was lying on. "I'm going to make you feel sooooooooo good today. You're going to want to go sailing with me very often my little pet."

Kim slowly approached her and didn't realize that her towel had dropped around her ankles. She slowly kneeled and lay down besides the gorgeous woman that was suddenly creating feelings in Kim that she didn't realize were even there.

Lynn rose up on one elbow and slowly moved over Kim and kissed her gently on the mouth.

Kim was shocked, frightened and thrilled all at the same time...This was so foreign to her, so unnatural, so....so soft and tempting. Oh my God...noooooooo what is happening to me...I'm not a Lesbian, what is she doing to me. Nooooooooo...She moaned involuntarily.

She could feel Lynn's tongue probing her lips...Kim slowly succumbed to the soft warm tongue and slowly opened her mouth and welcomed the kiss. Kim's moans of rejection turned to whimpers of longing.

"My darling, my little pet, we have the next couple of days to get well acquainted. I'm going to show you how to really make love. I'm going to make you want me all the time," Lynn murmured into Kim's mouth as she could feel the young woman's resolve and determination to not be sexual with a woman slowly give way to the start of a desire to want more, so much more.

Lynn's fingers slowly made their way down Kim's body, circling her breasts, teasing her nipples and they became hard and elongated.

"Ummmmmm...Lynn, Lynn, what are you doing to me? What...ummmmm oh God...I've never done this before...I've never been with a woman or even ever thought of being with one. What...? I'm straight.

Lynn smothered Kim's last words with another deep kiss and she felt Kim respond and her body start squirming under the ministration of her tongue and exploring fingers.

Kim's stomach jerked and shuttered as she felt Lynn's fingers move down, down towards her womanhood. Lynn's mouth and teasing tongue was close behind. Kim tried once more to summon up her strength to protest but then gave way to the climbing passion her body was surrendering to. Her mind was saying, NO, NO, I can't do this, I'm not a Lesbian, I'm straight..... but her body was screaming for release. She screamed with delight when she felt what had to be Lynn's tongue tickle her labia...

Kim was lost. Her body gave her away and she relaxed and gave herself over to her seducer... The last thing Kim remembered was shouting out Lynn's name and then cumming

She didn't know if she'd passed out or what but suddenly felt and then realized that Lynn had shifted position and now had her knees on either side of her head. 

Lynn was still feasting on Kim but now Lynn was slowly lowering herself onto Kim's face.

Kim had fought the good fight but she was slowly realizing that this is what she wanted, wanted with all her heart and being...It felt sooooooooo good...

She reached up, placed her hands on Lynn's thighs and slowly pulled her towards her and sexual oblivion.