 A Bit Rough

"Now that's what I'm talking about," said a woman named Nova, to whom I'd just been introduced. She was one of four other ladies of color seated in Naomie's living room when I arrive that night. She was dark skinned and shorter than me. She walked around me several times examining my presence. "Yeah, Naomie, you picked yourself a hot little piece of ass here."

My face began to turn red from embarrassment. I'd dressed in a pair of dark stocking held up with a garter belt and a skirt so short the straps showed. I could tell the other women were leering at me, hungrily sizing me up.

"I didn't know you were a queergirl, too," came a voice I instantly recognized. It was Rasha, our yoga instructor from the gym. "My, my, if I'd known, I'd have hit this thing a long time ago." She began to run her hands across my breasts and down toward my crotch. I was almost mortified to be suddenly outed to someone I knew, but not enough that I didn't shiver with sexual excitement as her hand gently squeezed my pubic mount area through the fabric of my skirt.

I looked at Naomie for an explanation of what I'd walked into. 

She seemed to read my bewilderment. "Oh, I'm gonna be passing you around tonight. Sapphire's share and share alike, girl. You're too good to keep all to myself."

Naomie stood in front of me, silently undid the buttons of my blouse, and tugged it open to expose my lavender half-bra. My nipples as they became excited protruded over the edge. She dropped the shirt to the floor and then removed my skirt. Without thinking, I licked my lips, as she ran her fingers over my lavender panties. I knew I would not be retaining them much longer.

My bra was the next to go and Nova and Naomie each suckled on my nipples. My breathing became faster and faster. I was already near the edge of an orgasm. My mind began to drift toward the rush it was about to enjoy. My eyes closed tightly and I began to shake. Conflicted feelings of shame and elation played electrically across my brain and pussy.

"No, not just yet, Joy." Naomie suddenly and callously torn me away from the moorings of my enchanting frenzy. "This is Maylene. She's going to be the first to bring your off tonight."

My attention was directed to a woman seated on the sofa. She appeared to be in her late forties. She sat with a distinguished air that seemed elevated above the rest of us in the room. As physically attractive as each of the women in the room was, even at her age, she was easily far more beautiful that all of us.

Although it had been ten years since I last seen her picture, I recognized her immediately. This was Maylene Wilson. At one time, she'd been on the covers of Glamour, Cosmo, Elle and even had a Sport Illustrated cover featuring her in a barely-there bikini to her credit. I remembered her well from my teenage years.

"Why don't you come sit next to me, baby?" She patted a spot of the sofa. 

I had no idea Maylene, once called the face of her generation for over two years, was into women. The gossip sheets of the era followed her many rumored affairs with Hollywood's handsomest actors. My knees began to shake as I walked to the sofa and snuggled up next to her. She was elegantly dressed and I was in nothing but a garter, stocking and heels.

"Spread your legs, honey. I want everyone to see me bring you off." She proceeded to kiss me passionately. I'd never had sex with anyone well known, much less world-renowned at one time. My tongue followed hers back into her mouth, as her fingers explored my wide opens slit.

My hands attempted to move to her breasts, but I was physically rebuffed. "No, baby, not yet. You'll get plenty of chances later, but for now, the Sapphire's want to watch you cum."

I fought mentally to retain my composure. I needed my time with her to continue. I wanted her to continue to hold me and play with my sluttish snatch for as long as the evening lasted. It wasn't to be.

I screamed aloud as a jot of lust from my pussy shot up my spine. I wreathed in pleasure uncontrollably. "Please don't stop. I need it so fucking bad." The blast of my climax was so powerful that tears extruded from my eyes. I struggled to keep from passing out. Maylene kissed me gently once more and then allowed me to the slump on to the sofa while I recovered. 

I didn't care if all the others in the room watched as I rubbed at my clitoris still trying to take in the final after embers of my explosion. I was beyond the capability of feeling shame. I panted and wiped the perspiration from by brow as I sat up.

"Welcome to the Sapphire Society," Naomie beamed.

I assumed the name was a play on the word Sapphic, another term for lesbianism. Perhaps this was my initiation. "Am I a member now?" 

Nova was the first to laugh and then said, "Girl, you can't be a Sapphire. Do you even know what a Sapphire is?"

"I'm bi. Is the group only for gay women?"

Nova laughed again at my obvious confusion.

Naomie jumped into the conversation. "Sapphire is a derogatory term for an angry black woman. We use it ironically. But if you must know, we are all a bit irritated with the way things are."

I began to fidget uncomfortably. I was still the only naked woman in the room, in addition to being the only white one.

A knock on the door changed that. Three other white women entered the living room and silently began to remove their clothing. Each was in their mid-twenties, about the same age as me. The three sat on the sofa next to me and introduced themselves as Danica, Gina, and Winter. 

"Have you ever seem a bunch of whiter white girls that these. Even their names scream Caucasian." Nova was not smiling as she said that.

"I was just about tell Joy, how we angry black women like to take our sexual aggressions and frustrations out on bleeding heart white girls like you four," said Naomie.

"Yeah, that's right, sister. These kind of women feel obligated to make it up to us for all the shit in life we have to put up with, by serving us sexually for a few hours. It's not much, but it helps."

Unsure if this was still part of the role-play, I asked, "Why are you so angry?"

"Do you have any idea why we're bi and gay here? It's because there's a shortage of black men. One out of every six are in prison, that's almost half of the entire population. It's six times the rate of whites, and they aren't committing six times amount of crimes."

"But, didn't they break the law?"

"If the law is always profiling and searching your car with excuses like a busted tail light, their bound to find something wrong," said Ivette, one of the other black women present. She sounded really angry.

"Then there's all you white girls that think it's so cool to have a black boyfriend. Every one for them is one less available for us."

"Fucking Kim Kardashian," Nova stated forcefully, "She should keep her fat ass on her own side of the fence." 

I thought I'd try to defuse the situation. "I've never had a black boyfriend."

"Oh, they aren't good enough for your lily white ass?" Nova was clearly upset.

I began to stammer.

"Forget it; you can't win with us on this argument. You can't understand what we go through every day." Nova was becoming highly agitated and waved her index finger in the air. "Unarmed people with our skin color get shot down by the cops all the time. They don't even count how often it happens. It only gets reported if someone catches it on video and even then the man usually gets off."

The other naked women beside me shifted in their seats uncomfortably. "They're just going to make us work harder to satisfy their bent up rage," whispered Gina. Her long straight dark hair fell over her boobs and she looked both frightened and aroused at once.

"You have no idea what it's like to be a black women in this country, Joy. Have you ever had a black women as a friend or do all your images of us come from what you see on Judge Judy?"

"I'll admit it. No, I never have had a friend who is black. I wanted you to be my friend, doesn't that count?"

"You wanted me, because it excited you to fuck a black chick. You wanted to try something different. It's still prejudice to pick out someone for the color of their skin."

"But, didn't you choose me because I'm white?"

"Yes. It was because I want to get back at your kind and your privileged world."

"But, you have a better job and a much nicer place to live."

"And you have no idea what I had to go through to get here. I'm the only black women in the building. Neighbors still watch me like I'm going to break in and steal their televisions."

"All of us here are high achievers in our lives, but the way the media portrays us, you'd think all black women are just Ghetto bitches," Ivette said more calmly than before, when she recognized how frightened the white chicks were becoming.

"You've even got an entire cable network that tells you white folks how lazy we all are." Nova wasn't calming down yet.

"Nobody but old white men watch that crap. I try to believe everyone should be accepted for the content of their character." I was honestly trying to sound convincing.

Ivette laughed mockingly at me. "Thanks a lot, Martin, but you never will get it completely. The best you can do right now is to get your liberal honky ass over here and lick my cunt."

She was a larger woman that the rest, but Ivette possessed her own unique allure. Her wore a long kaftan skirt, that she rapidly pulled off revealing she worn nothing underneath. She landed in an easy chair and motioned me over to kneel before her. Her muff was smooth and already moist. Its aroma was different from Naomie's and had an earthier flavor. Her clit was large and flexible as my tongue manipulated it.

"Yeah, that's it, work it, bitch. It's gonna take some effort to get me off."

Alternately, I kissed her pussy and returned to licking her pink palace.

"Put some teeth into it. I like it a bit rough." 

As commanded, I sucked her clitty into my mouth and clamped on with my incisors. 

"Yeah, that's the way. Show me what a little skeezer you can be."

I looked over to see Danica's head buried between Naomie's legs. She was making audible guzzling sounds and I felt a tinge of jealousy. Clearly, Naomie had her way with this slut many times before.

"Are you sorry for all that black men you fucked and kept to yourself?"

Danica's voice became high pitched, like that of an apologetic little girl, "Yes, ma'am."

You never considered how few decent black men are available to us, did you?"

"No." Danica sounded pathetic. It really did seem as if she wanted to atone for her thoughtlessness. 

"What do you have to say to all the ladies in this room?"

She picked her head briefly from her appointed task and, "I'm so sorry. I'm an inconsiderate cumdump." She promptly went back to work.

"Girl, don't you start feeling sorry for her," Ivette said, as she wrapped her thighs tightly around my face and dug her nails into my scalp. "She was fucking a married black man. His wife was ready to send her straight to bitch hell. We managed to talked her into letting us punish Danica instead."

"I heard that," shouted Nova, who was near climax from be eaten by red-haired Gina. "You don't ever try to steal a back woman's husband. We don't put up with that kind of shit."

They weren't joking. Over the course of the next three hours, Danica received the worst of their abuse. It turned out Nova was a special fan of being rimmed. Poor Danica spent a good half hour with her tongue implanted into Nova's anus, all the while being told what a philandering tramp she was.

"Oh, Danica's been coming here for two years. Nearly every weekend. Once she got her first taste of black puss, she became addicted. The little hoe begs to be abused by us. Isn't that right, you dirty little slut?"

"Yes, Ma'am. I can't live without it and I don't desire men anymore," she said with downcast imploring eyes.

For my part, I got to taste Maylene's pussy and it was everything I'd long fanaticized about.