 This is me in my red haired glory, all curves and long legs and arms. White skin and brown eyes, tall and shapely. The red triangle between my legs. This is me. 

This is my boyfriend with broad back and big hands. Blond and statue like, with a wide grasp and piercing gaze. The long thickness of him everywhere. This is my boyfriend. 

And this is Kara. Kara, the girl with huge green eyes and a mass of tawny hair, upturned freckled nose and wide smile. Kara who likes to shoot birds, who orders steaks bloody and licks her lips. She is loud and friendly. I can see her now walking to my door in the drenching sunlight of hot summer, wearing a white tank top and khaki shorts. Her breasts are ample, firm and pushed high. They move fluidly and sweat drips down the well between them, coursing down her suntanned skin past her freckled navel and in to the damp blond hair. We went shopping once and compared bra sizes, she is a 38 DD, and I am a 36 B. Her legs are athletic and slightly stocky, well muscled from crouching and springing at birds. Her hips are wide and she moves well, unconsciously graceful. 

Kara has never made a secret of her sexual proclivities. She treats my boyfriend like a pal, teasing and slapping his back. I have seen him looking hungrily at her, but she ignores this in favor of me. 

“I would fuck you in a second.” She told me one night after a third round of margaritas. “Look at you…. you are lovely.” 

And I blushed like a schoolgirl at the comment. I was amazed at how good it felt to receive a compliment. So I flirted back, hungrily eating the attention. I danced with her treating her like a guy, rubbing my ass against her pelvis, turning around and grinding against her and taking pleasure in how soft her breasts were against mine, so different form banging against a hard male chest. And taking secret pleasure in the pressure of her of her cunt against mine. 

I did not call her after that night. Just like a guy would not. I thought about her at night, lonely in the bed. I thought about her in the lonely mornings. And sometimes, if the afternoon got lonely I though about her then too. 

I even though about her while masturbating, reliving the firmness of her breasts against mine, her large nipples poking and playing with mine. The sweaty warmth of her cunt moving up and down against mine, making me flood with excitement, with the power of that moment, the music, the dancing, the bodies. Oh- the rhythm of that cunt against my own. And I would rock in silent orgasm and have to do it again and again. 

I still did not call her. 

Until today. I called her. And now she is coming up the walk soaked in sunlight and gleaming and triumphant, like a goddess. 

I answer the door and hug her. My heart is pounding furiously and I cannot catch my breath. She feels this flutter and pulls away. 

“Relax,” she says. 

The first kiss is soft, a tiny movement of lips followed by her tongue. She tastes of cinnamon. 

We are lying on the bed. Kara pulls back the curtain and lets direct sunlight in. I am ashamed and begin to roll over but she stops me and looks at me. She takes in my breasts and stomach and cunt. Her breathing becoming ragged. She kisses me again and again and we clench together and I feel her naked breasts on my breasts, the soft curl of her pubic hair on my stomach. I touch her breasts, heft them in my hand and squeeze them together. I kiss her large nipples and rapidly flick them with my tongue (a move that never fails to arouse some kind of response with my boyfriend) She gasps. I explore both of them, kissing sucking and nibbling until she is moaning. I move down, kissing the freckles on her stomach and her hips. I rest my hand on the curly hairs. She is warm and damp. Kara’s wide green eyes are looking down at me, suffused with lust and faint surprise. I have never touched another woman’s pussy. I am so aroused I ache. 

I part her lips and she is so wet. I stroke softly and she lifts her hips and gasps. I find her clit and work it gently in a circle. I am trying to remember what turns me on. I continue to work it while I take a finger and slip it inside her. She is hot and wet and tight and I move my finger back and forth. She is pressing up against my fingers crying out and grabbing at the sheets and suddenly her muscles clench around me and it gets even wetter. Her hips move up and down as she screams out again and again. I cannot believe she has come so quickly. I stroke her softly until she quiets and lean down to kiss her again. She has a bemused look on her face. Before she can speak I am between her legs again, this time parting the folds with my tongue. Tasting her arousal and come, finding it pleasing. I circle her clit with my tongue keeping the rhythm fast. A moment before she is about to climax again I move down thrust my tongue deep inside her. She is constantly keening, her moans are loud. Her hands are in my hair, twisting it and pulling it. I move back up to her clit and circle a few more times before she cries out and sits straight up, shuddering, and I taste something new, something slightly sweet and salty at the same time. 

Kara collapses on the bed and I move up next to her. She looks at me with a frank gaze. 

“Are you sure you have never done this before.” 

I shake my head. I cannot trust myself to speak, amazed at my boldness, and at her wild response. Nobody has ever responded to me like that before. I have never felt more desirable. Kara shifts her tawny body over mine and slides a hand between my legs. 

“Well anyway” she says as I gasp and arch, “Its your turn now.”