 Note from the Authoress: For those of who you who don't know I chat online a fair bit and over the years I have developed some strong friendships. One day while chatting, an old friend said to me "I would love to appear in one of your stories." I replied with, "What character? What is the plot?" Her response was, "Write me as you see me." Well I have taken her to her word and have written her as I see her; I hope I have done you justice Celesta.

* * * * *

Pam sighed with satisfaction as she sat in the sauna allowing the heat to envelop her body. She loved the luxury of the Spa and after her divorce, and the subsequent settlement, had treated herself to membership. As she sat there thinking about life she pondered on her current situation and her lack of a sex life. She knew that she could still turn a few heads and often caught men admiring her 36c breasts or her long legs. She carried her 120lb well on her 5 feet 6 inch frame although perhaps she could afford to shed a few pounds here and there and her long dark brown hair framed her pretty face and burning hazel eyes. All in all she felt she wasn't a bad package at 35 yet she couldn't find the right man. 

The thing that got Pam angry was how men would ogle her body and as soon as they found out she was divorced assumed she was desperate for sex. Whilst that may be true the assumption annoyed her and she never seemed to get beyond the first date after she put the frosty walls up, indeed her current lover was an 8-inch vibrator that was good but not the same as the real thing.

The combination of the heat and thinking about sex made Pam squirm slightly on the wooden bench and she pulled the towel slightly tighter around her body and tried to clear her mind. At that point the door opened and though it came a young girl who couldn't have been more than 20. The girl was a pretty young thing with a curly frizz of blonde hair and a pretty elfin face and bright green eyes.

"My name is Celesta," she announced in a foreign accent.

Pam nodded hello as hew new sauna mate stood for a second before announcing, "I love Thursdays here when there is no men allowed, makes things so much more relaxed."

With that Celesta shed the white fluffy towel and stood naked before moving to the set of benches slightly higher than Pam. Pam was speechless, although she knew that Thursday was an all female day she never normally stripped off. She couldn't help admiring the young girl's body that was lean and without an ounce of fat and also noticed that her pubic was completely shaved.

"Sauna is best naked" Celesta said before leaning back and enjoying the heat.

Shrugging to herself Pam thought 'why not' and stood and allowed the towel to slip to the floor before sitting back down. Pam suddenly felt more free and relaxed than she had in ages as the heat could now truly caress her body. 

"This is a nice places yes?" Celesta enquired and soon a conversation developed between the two women.

Pam learnt about how Celesta was in England working in IT and how she missed her native Holland and her friends there. Pam told her about her divorce and how she was finding her feet again but couldn't find the right man. In fact the two of them were having a pleasant friendly conversation when Celesta said "You like my breasts yes?" 

"What?" Pam stammered as blushed red.

"Sorry my English is not good" Celesta smiled in reply, "I saw you look and thought you liked."

Pam went quiet and wasn't quite sure how to continue when Celesta carried on, "They are too small I think," cupping one in each hand, "Yours are much nicer, why do you not show and be proud."

Pam brain was spinning, surely this girl wasn't hitting on her, it must be the combination of not speaking English well and the arrogance of youth that caused her to be so direct. She must have known form her conversation about being married and not finding the right man that she wasn't a lesbian.

Turning to face her, Pam found herself staring almost straight into Celesta's shaven pussy and she couldn't break her gaze. Pam had never seen another woman up close in real life like this before and the sight of the pink lips that were slightly red on the inside fascinated her. As she watched she saw Celesta's fingers touch herself gently causing her clit to swell very slightly.

"I find saunas so sexy" she purred as she began to gently rub her clit with the tip of her finger.

Pam knew she should be shocked and leave but the sight of the girl touching herself held her fixed to the spot. Pam nearly moaned herself as Celesta pushed a small finger into her body making it wet before returning to her clit. Pam felt her mouth dry and at the same time her pussy began to moisten as she found the scene incredibly sexy. As she watched Celesta's rubbing became faster and was now pushing 2 fingers deep into herself and the only sounds in the sauna were the moans coming from her mouth.

As Pam watched she found herself becoming more and more turned on and her own hand wandered almost of it's own volition to between her legs. Pam found herself incredibly wet and her own two fingers slid in easily and she matched her movements to those of Celesta.

Pushing 2 fingers deep into herself Celesta twisted them inside her own body before removing them. They glistened with her juices as she held them out and smiling said, "Would you like to taste?"

Pam was amazed at herself as she nodded and opened her mouth. 'Oh my' she thought 'I am about to taste another woman for the first time in a public place, what am I doing?' Before she had a chance to change her mind Celesta's fingers touched her tongue and Pam closed her lips around them and sucked them dry from the juices.

"That tastes nice" Pam murmured in a half dreamlike state.

"You want more?" Celesta enquired opening her legs wide on the bench giving Pam a full view of her open sex.

'In for a penny, in for a pound' Pam thought to herself and leaned forward and gently touched Celesta's pussy lips with her tongue collected the juices that were flowing freely from her pussy. Pam felt Celesta's fingers in her hair pulling her closer and soft moans escaped from her lips. Encouraged Pam began to delve into Celesta's pussy with her tongue poking and probing. Then pulling her head back slightly she started to lap at Celesta's clit that was now engorged and red. 

"Bite it" Celesta moaned.

Pam gently took the swollen clit between her teeth and pressed down and heard Celesta moan loudly and start to mutter in something that she assumed was Dutch. Pam began to vary the pressure and suck at Celesta's clit and soon felt her fingers tighten in hair. At the point she felt Celesta stiffen and cry out Pam clamped her mouth over Celesta's pussy and sucked. Juices poured into her mouth and Pam swallowed every drop.

"Oh that was good" Celesta moaned as she leant back on the bench, "But now it is your turn, come sit here."

Pam moved up and opened her legs wantonly, her body screaming for an orgasm. She felt Celesta's tongue move delicately along her pussy lips, so much more gently than the few rough licks she had been used to from her husband before he mounted her. Celesta's tongue was driving her wild as it flicked and probed and then circled her clit before plunging back in. Pam pulled wildly at Celesta's hair and thrashed from side to side as her orgasm burst through her body. 

Pam slumped back on the bench and Celesta smiled at her, her face covered with Pam's juices. Moving up Celesta kissed Pam and she could taste herself on the other's mouth. Pam found herself kissing and licking Celesta's face as she collected her own juices from her face.

"Now we shower yes?" Celesta said pulling Pam unsteadily to her feet.

The two women stood naked beneath the icy cold jets of the shower and the coldness took Pam's breath away. The shower was a large tiled open walk in area that could comfortably fit 12 people but at the moment there was only the two of them. Pam felt her skin tingle as the water cascaded down and her nipples stood erect as she recalled her first lesbian encounter with the young girl next to her.

"Should be cold outside and warm inside is good," smiled Celesta as she kissed Pam on the lips before running her hands down Pam's body. Pausing only briefly to tweak each nipple Celesta moved her fingers to Pam's pussy lips. Pam opened her legs as she felt herself heat up inside and moaned loudly as Celesta pushed two fingers deep into her soaking pussy.

Leaning back against the cold tiles Pam let herself go and enjoyed the sensations as Celesta finger fucked her first with two and then with three fingers. Pam could see over Celesta's shoulder and found she was looking at two women who were entering the shower area. She wanted to move but couldn't but before she had time to speak the two women smiled broadly and then kissed each other passionately in acceptance and approval of what Pam was doing.

As Celesta carried on with the finger fucking Pam watched as the other two women touched each other's bodies. Both were watching Pam and Celesta and the sight was turning them on as much as it was Pam. By now Celesta had sunk to her knees and Pam's hand were on her shoulders as Celesta nibbled at her clit. The sensation of the fingers and Celesta's tongue was driving Pam wild and she squealed with pleasure when Celesta pushed a forth finger into Pam.

Pam thought she would pass out with the orgasms that were rocking through her body but there was no stopping Celesta. Pam looked down and her legs nearly buckled when she felt the pressure against her pussy. She realised that Celesta was trying to push her whole hand into her.

"It won't fit" Pam almost shouted, that last word being drawn out into a whimper as she realised that her statement was wrong as Celesta's hand popped inside her body.

The feeling was amazing and even the two women had broken away from their touching and kissing to watch as Celesta fist fucked Pam deeper and deeper. Pam's brain was reeling and she felt herself almost black out and was relieved to find the two women had moved to ether side to support her.

"Mmmmmmmm" that looks good one said.

"Yes baby" the other replied "we will do that in a minute"

Pam screamed as a final huge orgasm burst through her like a flood of water bursting through a dam and she knew that she must have flooded onto Celesta's hand like a waterfall.

A few minutes later Pam stood on very wobbly legs supported by Celesta as she recovered her breath. The two women had moved away and were busy finger each other as the scene they had witnessed turned them both on. 

Kissing Pam tenderly on the face said, "Was good yes?"

"Amazing!" Pam mumbled in reply.

"Now you do not need the man" Celesta said laughingly, "You have me."

Pam thought about it for a moment, the sex was better than she had every experienced with any guy and Celesta seemed such a nice person. Pam smiled and nodded and together they walked to the changing rooms to dress.