 The Hand Off

Sometime later, I lay panting on the floor, still naked and unashamed. Maylene had departed, but complemented Naomie, "You picked yourself a fine little piece of ass," as she walked out the door.

It was then that I heard Rasha ask, "Do you mind if I play with your pretty little blonde Barbie doll, too?"

Moments later, I was holding hands with her and being led down the hallway to a guest bedroom. Rahsa was nicely dressed in a yellow min-length shirt and a pair of platform pumps. Her right hand slid down over my bare ass.

"I've been thinking about you for a long time." She bent over to kiss me. Her full desirable lips shimmered with gloss and actively worked themselves against mine. She drew me tightly against her well-toned body. A shot of craving shot though my exposed pussy as her large breasts brushed against mine.

"I can't believe I didn't pick up on you liking the ladies. I watched you in my class in that tight little unitard, pushing your firm ass up in the air all the time. I so wanted to get a piece of that action, but I didn't know you were in play."

My hands were instantly all over her. I worked at unbuttoning her silky blouse. I began kissing her tits once they were uncovered.

"So, how come you never tried to hit on me?" Rahsa's voice sounded accusing.

"I'm sorry, ma'am. I misread your interest, too. As my yoga instructor, I was too shy to have approached you. Can I make it up to you? Please?" I really was begging. At that instant I wanted her so badly.

Every inch of her body was sculpted to near perfection. She conducted three hours of intense exercise a day and her body was evidence of her hard work. I knew that Rasha was co-owner of the gym and even if I'd known of her proclivity toward women, I wouldn't have considered myself in her league.

My lips engulfed her right nipple and I worked the left with my hand. She began to moan softly and slid her gown off so that we were finally naked together.

"I don't believe you, you little bitch. You thought you were too good for me. When you wanted to get with a black girl, you hit on a light-skinned one like Naomie. I'm so mad at you."

She proceeded to pull me across her lap. I didn't fight at first, but then the open palm of her hand decisively smacked against the flesh of my ass. I yelped. She wasn't faking my punishment. I could tell there'd be a lasting inflamed mark.

"You keep your bitching to yourself. I can slap you a lot harder than that." A series of intense spanks rained down across my formerly alabaster derriere. By the time I'd received the full extent of my punishment, my entire rear was hot and reddened. 

I stood in front of her and she commanded, "Stoke that tender tush for me." Rahsa licked her lips with delight as I attempted to sooth the enflamed flesh of my rear by rubbing it with both hands. I pouted with a quivering lower lip. "Yeah, you show me how sorry you are. You white girls are such prima donnas. I always had to go easy on you in my class, because you might start to whine. 'Oh, she's making me sweat. I'm not used to real exercise'," she said in a cold mocking tone.

My face turned a shade of red nearly close the crimson shade of my butt. "I've been a conceited princess. I want to make it up to you."

She pushed me to the floor, removed her panties and spread her legs. It wasn't necessary to say another word. I knew what to do to please her with my mouth. I used my tongue to lap away at her clitty as she rolled onto her back. 

"Yeah, you keep it going. You're doing a decent job of pleasing my puss. I'll tell you when you can stop."

For twenty minutes, I brought her to two screaming orgasms. Rahsa was merciless in her insistence that I not slow my pace or intensity. "You keep working it, you little skank. Come on, feel the burn, bitch."

At long last, she ordered me to stop. She grabbed me by my hair and pulled be onto the bed with her. Her ebony hands stood in stark contrast across the milky tone of my boobs, as she navigated the highlights of my body. I forgot the aching that still plagued my buttocks and began to revel in the pleasure she was generously providing me as recompense of my services.

A sensation of delight shot through me, when she touched my cunt and she began to finger my clitoral hood. Did this really mean she was going to bring me off, too? My heart began to race. I reciprocated by gently stoking her clit with my other hand.

"You are a hot bit of tail, sweetheart. If Naomie hadn't gotten first dibs on you, I could see myself dating you." Her began to breathe in a rhythmic patter and started to tremble.

My mind concentrated on her statement that Naomie had a claim on me. There was a chance I could be hers. Even if it wouldn't be exclusive, I was thrilled at the thought that was some connection between us.

I was enthralled as Rahsa continued to work toward attending to my needs. Her tongue flicked away at my clit. It began to twitch from the attention. I came and made sound like I'd never before emitted. They were the tones of someone in complete submission to another imploring for relief. My hands clutched at the sheets and I rocked back and forth. 

We laid on the bed and kissed passionately, with her on top of me, until I'd recovered enough to stand once more.

Rahsa dressed and led me by the hand toward the living room. I heard loud music blaring as we rounded the corner, to see Danica, Gina and Winter in nothing but high heels dancing to a hop-hop song. Their arms were raised high above their heads and their boobs bounced as they moved to the grove. I wasn't familiar with the female artist, much less the song, but I was later told it was Azealia Banks rapping Nude Beach A-Go-Go.

When Azealia blasted out the lyrics: 

"Black women's attraction 

All the white girls join in the action" *

The three women turned as shook their asses. Like me, they'd been severely spanked and had bright rosy swellings on their bottoms. The black women, who were completely dressed, laughed at their feeble attempts to move with the beat.

I noticed Nova motioned me to come sit beside her. He was puffing on a long cylindrical object that had a blue glow at the tip. She inhaled deeply and exhaled a thick vaporized fog. I realized it was an e-cigarette. ** "Don't worry, hon, it's only water vape. A bitch would have to be crazy to put nicotine in this thing."

Nova inhaled once more, blew a cloud onto my tits, and continued down to my bald snatch. The warm moisture helped revive my nearly exhausted clit. Another puff and more mist tickled my loins. Minutes later, most of my body became obscured by the mist that she breathed out. As it dissipated, my body shimmered in the pale light of the room since it was damp from a fine film of water.

She drew another deep drag from the e-cig and motioned me to kiss her. Through our opened mouths, she passed a massive amount of the atomized water and almost automatically, I drew it in. As I breathed out through my nose, a cloud billowed from my nostrils. 

She handed me the device and instructed, "Suck on this real hard just it's like your husband's cock." I detected a note of sarcasm and jealousy in her tone. 

I placed it between my lips and drew in the vapor. At one point in my foolish youth, I'd tried smoking a few cigarettes and hated the unpleasant taste and burning sensation. This was entirely different. There was no hot scraping of my windpipe or stale stench of tobacco and nicotine. This was simple water converted into a fine cool steam. It filled my lungs until I blew it out of my mouth and nose in a huge visible cloud. I passed my foggy breath into Nova's mouth and then into Naomie's, who was now rubbing my bare breasts from behind.

I handed the vape dispenser back to Nova and watched as she took a deep drag and then released a jet of her warm humid breath onto my cunt. I didn't think it possible, since my pussy seemed spent for the evening, but I came once more as the two clothed women fondled me.

Naomie took my hand and said, "Time to take this girl to bed." She winked at the other Sapphires and led me to her bedroom. I slept in the bed and drifted off immediately. I remained unconscious until late the next morning. Naomie woke me with a series of gentle open mouth kisses that became more passionate as I revived. There was only the two of us left in the condo by then and we made love for hours in ways only two women coming together can appreciate.

"You mentioned you'd like to have me as a friend. Are you still interested in being more than my plaything?" she asked as I prepared to leave for home.

"Do you mean that? Yes."

"We'll have coffee after the gym later in the week. Girl talk, maybe a little shopping therapy. Two new friends getting to know each other." 

"I'd love that."

"Just don't get the idea that you won't be my plaything on weekends."

~ ~ ~

Since that time, I've become a regular attendee of Sapphire Society functions. Sometimes, Naomie treats me as her exclusive girlfriend, other times I'm passed around and made to submit to anyone who wants my sexual services; it all depends upon Naomie's mood. Whatever happens, I'm glad I had the courage to approach her in the gym. 

~ End ~

* It's called sampling bitches

** Cigarettes and nicotine cause cancer. This potentially dangerous activity is solely for erotic interpretation and not condoned by the writer