 In the end, all it took was a smile to convert fantasy to reality.

She had begun thinking about it soon after her body started to mature from a girl to a woman. She wondered if she was weird or strange because of her thoughts. She had discussed it confidentially with her friends. Without exception, they thought the idea was gross. With that and her religious upbringing providing her compass bearings, she suppressed her feelings. At a sleepover during high school, one of the girls whispered that Becca, the most popular cheerleader, was a lesbian. The rest of the girls expressed horror at that announcement. She kept quiet; desperately hoping no one noticed her silence. As she lay in bed later, her cheeks burning in fear and shame, she pushed all these urges behind a tightly closed door marked Forbidden.

Her life continued on. High school led to college. College led to work. Her life was filled with the exciting and the mundane. She was like everyone else. Over the years, beginning in high school, she had her share of male lovers, most unremarkable, several memorable. She discovered she was multi-orgasmic in college, and she enjoyed sex. She did not consider herself a prude, and felt herself rather adventurous in her love life. Sex became a more important part of her life.

Over the last several years however, thoughts of sex with a woman had returned. Now in her early thirties, she realized this long repressed desire had resurfaced into her life. Not because she was dissatisfied with her sex life, rather she decided, like the title from the famous Robert Frost poem, The Road Not Taken. Was it too late for her to go back and have sex with a woman. It had started innocently enough. She considered herself stylish and fashion conscious, and always noticed what other women wore. But as time progressed, she realized she was noticing the woman more than the clothes she was wearing. Later, she began to dream about women in various stages of undress. 

One night while over a lover's house, they had browsed an adult site that contained a chat room. They had caressed each other as they watched others discussing sex. In a private chat room, they vicariously participated in virtual sex with others. At the time, she enjoyed the spontaneity of the sex. This was another new experience in her life. After that evening, she returned to the web site with the chat room on her own. She met a number of people there, and added cyber sex as a part of her life. While not as satisfying as the real thing, she enjoyed the release. Upon reflection, she realized she enjoyed the anonymity of the chat room. One night, she found the "bi Room," her curiosity deepened. Here for the first time in her life, she found other women who discussed and actively participated in sex with other woman. As she returned to this site, she slowly came to the realization that some of the feelings she had repressed for so long were shared by a number of others. This fueled her curiosity even more. As each day passed, she became more openly curious about sex with a female lover. 

Several months after first finding the site, she "cybered" with another woman for the first time. Her on-line lover slowly seduced her, little kisses and licks to her skin. As her lover typed her seduction via the keyboard, she quickly undressed herself. Her fingers found her breasts, first caressing and then pulling on her rapidly hardening nipples. As her cyber lover caressed her breasts, her fingers found their way down between her parted thighs. Her fingers moistened with her vaginal secretions, stroked her pussy and then moved to her clit, rubbing herself to a quick orgasm. As her cyber lover moved down to caress her pussy, her fingers continuing to caress her swollen vagina until her cyber lover and her fingers took her to an even more powerful orgasm. Sitting in front of her computer, shaking as she recovered from her orgasm, shivering in pleasure, she added another new experience to her life. The experience was more enjoyable than she would have imagined, sparking her desire to continue these experiences.

After that first experience, her curiosity deepened. She met a number of new cyber lovers online as her fascination with sapphic sex increased. She masterbated as she read stories of lesbian sex, and even fantasized a number of times about having a female lover during sex with men. For a while, cyber sex and visualizing sex with a woman was enough. But of course, she wondered how it would be to have sex with another woman in real life. She had no idea how to translate her desires into reality. Her uncertainty led to inaction and an increasing sense of frustration. She still had a full sex life between her real and her cyber lovers. 

Without any concrete action, her desires became reality. It started at the gym with a smile. While exercising on the treadmill one Saturday evening at the gym, her solitude was interrupted when the woman next to her said hello. She looked up from the floor, a smile on her face. She returned the hello with one of her own. The women chatted as they both continued to exercise. As the conversation continued, she felt herself becoming unsure of the texture of the conversation. Her heart beat faster than normal, her pulse racing as she tried to fathom why she was uncomfortable. The conversation continued further before she realized that this woman was making conversation with her and was trying to pick her up! A thrill chased down her spine with the realization. She felt her cheeks blush as her body responded, unconsciously replying with an emphatic yes to the subliminal messages being sent. She felt her nipples harden. She looked over to find her new friend smiling widely. Message received and replied.

Her blush deepened when she realized the woman was enjoying her physical responses. The woman had stopped walking and was openly staring at her hardened nipples that were quite visible through her sports bra; she realized as she looked down. But instead of becoming more embarrassed, she looked more closely at her new friend, examining her from head to foot much more openly. When done, she realized that the woman had a stunning figure; long. sleek legs, slender hips, flat tummy, full bust. When her eyes returned to the woman's face, she found her still smiling broadly. Accompanied by a long wink, her new friend told her she was heading into the sauna and invited her to join. Still speechless and rooted in place, she watched as the woman stepped off the machine. She watched as her new friend walked away, occasionally looking over her shoulder to see if she was following. The paralysis broke as the woman disappeared behind the door to the women's locker room. She reached down, turned off the machine and walked towards the locker room. 

Her pulse was pounding in her throat, but she felt compelled to see what would happen next. She went to her locker, peeling off her work out clothes, grabbing a towel from the pile near the showers. She wrapped the towel around her and headed to the sauna. She glanced up each row of lockers, hoping to see her new friend but did not. She opened the door to the sauna, stepping in and becoming enveloped in the warm moist mist. She looked around nervously until her eyes found the woman sitting up in the far corner, watching her enter. She immediately noticed the woman sat naked, her legs crossed, her hands resting on the bench, sitting on several towels. She moved into the sauna, the door closing behind her. She moved toward the woman, her eyes moving up and down, visually devouring her nakedness. The woman watched, her smile indicating her awareness. She casually leaned back and said, "I am glad you decided to join me. I hope you like what you see. Please come join me so we can become better acquainted."

As she climbed up to sit beside her, the woman reached out and pulled the towel off her. She said, "It's only fair that I get to see you naked." She shivered once again as the woman checked her out, hoping she would be pleased. She knew she was attractive, she worked hard to keep her figure. She watched as the woman's eyes moved from her legs upward. She held her breath, standing straight. After a moment, the woman's eyes returned to her face. The woman folded the towel in her hands and set it down next to her. She patted the towel, reaching out her hand, taking her hand and pulling her down to sit next to her. She looked down, watching as the woman's hand slid up her arm to her shoulder, then higher to her neck. She watched as the woman leaned forward; closer and closer until their lips met. The kiss was unlike any she had experienced before. The lips were soft as they melded to hers. Her lips parted in response to her new lover's tongue getnly probing against her lips. A warm tongue slowly traced around her lips, sensuously licking her lips, the entire caress the sexiest kiss she had ever experienced. Her lover's arms encircled her neck as their mutual kiss deepened. She felt faint as their kiss continued, sucking the breath from her lungs, until she pulled back, moaning as she filled her lungs with air and then returning her lips to her lovers, picking up where the kiss had been interrupted. 

They continued to kiss, lips meeting, tongues slowly sliding back and forth, endlessly continuing. Finally, they parted, her lungs gasping for breath. She looked over to see the other woman, panting, her eyes flashing. The woman finally said, "WOW! Looks like I have found a tiger here! My toes are tingling from that kiss!"

Their lips met again. Just as she felt that she needed to be caressed, she felt the woman slide her arms down from her neck to her breasts, cupping them in her hands. She moaned as she felt the woman's thumbs caress her nipples, slowly rubbing them as they hardened, sparks of pleasure exploding into her brain. Her nipples felt huge as the fingers gently pulled on them, making them even harder. The caress was so knowing, so perfect. She broke the kiss, looking down and watching the woman pulling on her nipples, her passion erupting with a long moan. Her eyes closed almost completely, pleasure overpowering her other senses, yet not fully closed as she watched the woman continue to caress her breasts. She watched as the woman's head descended to her breasts. She arched her back in anticipation, gasping in pleasure as she felt lips surrounding her hard nipple. A tongue pushed against her hard nipple, sending bolts of pleasure to her brain and to her suddenly throbbing crotch. The tongue and lips left her nipple, slowly circling her breast, then moving over to take her other nipple into the mouth. She leaned back, gasping, her hands pulling the woman's mouth harder onto her nipple, caressing her hair. She felt herself being pushed back gently, lying down on the bench, the woman moving over her, lips still attached, nibbling on her breasts.

The woman sat up, her hands grabbing legs behind her knees, spreading her legs apart and moving between them. She watched through lidded eyes as the woman leaned forward, kissing slowly up the inside of her thighs towards her throbbing pussy. As the lips moved closer, her hips pushed up, begging for the lips and tongue to caress her pussy. She moaned in frustration as the lips left her thigh just short of her pussy, beginning again on her other thigh. The teasing heightening her passion as the lips slowly moved up her thigh. She shuddered with pleasure as the woman's tongue finally found her pussy, slowly sliding up her vagina from her ass to her clit, wiggling between her vaginal lips, parting them as they traced a path to her clit. 

Her hips thrust up off the wood, forcing the tongue to rub harder against her clit, throbbing with passion. Her hands locked on the woman's head, fingers wrapping in her hair, locking the woman's head between her spread thighs. The woman, sensing her need, sucked her clit between her lips, her tongue flicking her clit. Her first orgasm took her by surprise, moaning loudly, her pussy pushing up wantonly against the tongue, her clit throbbing under the caresses. Her body spasms, only her shoulders and head remained touching the wood. The rest of her body bowed up off the seat, her heels wrapped on the woman's back, effectively holding her captive between her legs. As her orgasm waned, her legs relaxed, and her fingers relaxed their grip on her lover's hair. As her breathing slowly returned to normal, her eyes opened to find her lover still between her parted legs, looking up expectantly at her face. "My, my, you certainly enjoyed that," the woman said. "Shall I continue?"

Without waiting for an answer, the woman's head lowered between her thighs, her tongue licking and pushing up into her vagina. The woman's tongue and lips cleaning her orgasmic juices, while caressing her still aroused vagina. Her hands moved to her breasts, rubbing her turgid nipples. Her new lover's tongue swirling in her pussy, rhythmically fucking her vagina. Her eyes closed; her mind and body focusing on the pleasure her lover's tongue was providing. She moaned as she felt fingers sliding inside her, filling her vagina. Once again, bolts of pleasure emanated from her pussy, another orgasm approaching, all but assured, she tried to relax, delaying the inevitable. Time seemed to accelerate, and more quickly than she wanted, waves of pleasure indicating the beginning of another orgasm washed over her pleasure-filled brain. She heard herself moan, almost grunting as her hips again pushed strongly against her lover's face.

As her orgasm waned, the waves of pleasure receding, she pulled her lover's face up from her throbbing pussy, her ragged voice quivering, she begged, "Please, stop! No more!" She looked down at the woman, seeing her face wet and slimy with her juices, a wide grin still on her face. The woman said, "it has been my pleasure to meet you. By the way, my name is Jessica. May I suggest we shower and continue this further at my apartment."

To Be Continued?