 Brunswick Manor is a college for sixth form students between the ages of sixteen and eighteen. It has a long and distinguished history as one of England's foremost academic institutions. Rebecca Lewin is an English and drama teacher of the highest calibre, having taught at some of the best schools in the country, before coming to Brunswick seven months ago. She has an impressive CV, one any teacher would be proud of; however, there were some things about Rebecca Lewin, or Becca as she preferred to be called, that she was glad her current employers were not aware of. Becca was a bisexual with a voracious appetite for young women. Given that she taught some very attractive and vulnerable young women every day, Becca Lewin thought that she had one of the best jobs in the world.

To look at, Becca was nothing special, not particularly pretty but not plain either. She was from a Jewish background, though she was not religious herself. Her hair was collar length, and very dark brown, almost black, and she had a slightly swarthy complexion, with a rather large nose. It was her nose that stopped her from being pretty. Because of a slight myopic condition, she'd worn glasses since she was a young girl. She wasn't a tall woman, only five feet four inches, and like so many women her age, thirty one, she was struggling with her weight. As a result, Becca's shape was somewhat dictated by her wide hips, large rear and huge boobs.

She made her way along the corridor of the third, and top floor of the building, carrying a stack of exercise books, it was eight forty-five. Here was located a small gym hall with changing facilities and two classrooms. The larger was Becca's English and Drama room, the other room was an art studio. As she approached the door, the narrow corridor was lined with students waiting to be let in to the room. Becca said 'good morning' to the assembled class and received a barrage of 'good morning Miss Lewin's' back. Taking a key from the bunch attached to her waistband, she unlocked the door, entered and put the pile of books on her desk. Sitting down, she went through the attendance list, calling out the list of twenty-two names, only three of her pupils were not at school that day. Putting the list back in her desk drawer, she moved up and down the rows of desks handing out the marked books, stopping at every student to make a constructive and encouraging comment about the submitted work. Sitting back at her desk, Becca surveyed the sea of young expectant faces, some were smiling, some were just waiting expressionless for her to begin the lesson. One particular face amongst the eighteen year olds, was that of Sofia Rees-Davis. The look on her face was different to any of the others, she was looking at Becca with a expression of admiration bordering on adoration. Becca was not surprised by this because she and Sofia had been having a sexual relationship for the past three weeks . The student occasionally glanced over to a door in the corner of the room and smiled knowingly. 

This was the door to a small storeroom where the two women had first kissed and touched each other intimately, and where only a few days ago, had indulged in full sex. Early on, Becca had recognised the first signs of a schoolgirl crush. The prolonged eye contact, the ever ready smile, the contrived excuses to be alone with her, all signalled an adolescent caprice. It was reprehensible for her to take advantage of this naïve girls feelings, but her desires were far too strong to be countered by any sense of propriety or guilt. Becca was fully aware that although these pupils were above the age of consent, her relationships with them constituted an instant sackable offence. It was seen as 'moral turpitude' but Becca's intense sexual drive, her needs, her demons conspired to minimise any influence on her actions.

As Becca embarked on a discourse of Jane Austen's 'Pride and Prejudice' she could not stop thoughts of the lovely Sofia invading her mind. It was difficult to maintain a coherent stream of thought about Miss Austen's beautiful book while memories of Sofia's young, and even more beautiful body competed for her attention. Sofia had thankfully stopped staring at her and was now engrossed in the text book in front of her. As Becca spoke of the interplay between the book's characters, of Elizabeth Bennet, her daughters, and Darcy, she felt herself detached, as if her narrative was voiced by someone else, allowing her to freely entertain sweet thoughts of Sofia. 

Her mind drifted back to that first kiss, that first embrace when Sofia had allowed herself to be touched by her. Sofia was a beautiful young woman, tall and slender with long golden brown hair and green eyes. Her long legs, narrow hips ,and small bust, contrasted sharply with Becca's own rather full figure. On that special day, after school had finished, Sofia had offered to sort a new batch of books that had arrived from the suppliers. Becca had agreed and the two women had moved the four large boxes from the classroom floor to the small storeroom. The room was small, no more than twelve feet by twelve feet, and made to feel all the more cramped by the floor to ceiling shelves on all sides. There was a bank of shelves jutting out from the wall, to three quarters of the way across the floor, effectively dividing the room in half.

Sofia hadn't commented, when Becca flicked on the light and closed the self-locking door behind them. The musty smell was the first thing they noticed as they began to slice open the boxes using a small craft knife from a nearby shelf. The volumes were a mix of large reference works and larger number of classic study books. Becca suggested that Sofia stand atop a small wooden stepladder, while she handed the books up to her for placing on an upper shelf. With Sofia in place on the ladder, her navy blue pleated skirt was level with Becca's face. She moved forwards with a handful of small books, her nose was only inches from the gently swaying hem of the knee-length skirt. Now Becca fancied that the musty smell from the old books, had been replaced by the faint but sweet aroma of Sofia's pussy.

Becca handed one of the large reference volumes up to her pupil, and because it was overly tall, the book had to be stored on the topmost shelf. Sofia stretched up to reach the shelf and it was then that Becca had placed her hands around the girl's slim hips to steady her. With the young woman held in her grasp, Becca was almost consumed by the desire to lift up her skirt and kiss the firm young arse in front of her. She managed to let go of the girl long enough to hand up another large book, but this time Becca held her lower down and placed her hands on the girls arse. Again Sofia made no comment but she took longer to place the book on the shelf, seeming to savour the sensation of her teacher's hands on her rear. Becca took advantage of the girl's silent consent and when steadying her again for another book, she slid her hands under her skirt and slowly moved them up the girl's slim thighs. Becca's mind was ablaze with fantasies surrounding this progress with Sofia, but her thoughts were cut short when Sofia's voice cut through the reverie. " I think we should stop now Miss Lewin."

Before Becca could react, Sofia climbed down the stepladder. Becca suspected that she'd misread the signs from Sofia and said, "I'm sorry Sofia, I didn't mean to upset or offend you You're right, you should stop now, you just get off home, I can finish..." Sofia cut in,

"It's alright Miss Lewin, I'm not upset, it's just that... I don't know..." Sofia trailed off and looked Becca in the eye, Becca smiled at her and a strange look came over the girl's face.

Suddenly, without warning,Sofia flung her arms around her teacher's neck and hugged her. Becca, taken aback by the explosive show of emotion, instinctively wrapped her arms tightly around the girl. She felt her boobs being squashed as the girl pressed against her. Sofia's head was on Becca's shoulder as she tried to soothe the girl. "It's OK Sofia, it's OK, sshh, sshh." 

Sofia's mouth was against Becca's neck when the girl mumbled, "Oh Miss Lewin, Miss Lewin." All of a sudden, Sofia was pressing her mouth against Becca's. The two women kissed passionately, with little gasps and sighs escaping from the teenager's mouth. Becca tightened her embrace and, without thinking, turned the girl to the door, pressing herself against Sofia's slight body.

END OF CHAPTER ONE