 Layla impatiently glanced at her watch, she was already late for college and still there was no sign of her ride. She hoped her mother hadn't forgotten about her internship starting today. She was wearing a black skirt that ended about 4 inches above her knees and felt rather self conscious as she had realised only this morning that it was a little too short especially for a first day. But formal wear was compulsory and so she had compensated the skirt length with a pale purple shirt buttoned up to her neck and a beige, textured silk tie that matched with her stockings. She was barely 5'3" and often felt herself overlooked without her 4inch heels. She was lost in thought as her mother honked behind her motioning her to get in. Layla hurried, screaming at her mother that she'd be late because of her. 

College was the usual, four classes one after the other and then as she was rushing out to catch the bus to downtown, her boyfriend Max caught up with her. Layla liked Max, but she often felt he was overbearing. The tall sculpted hunk would be anyone's dream boy but Layla found him often rather thick. And obscenely sex crazed. 

Presently, he was holding her waist from behind while whispering into her ear "Where are you off to honey? I'm starving for a glimpse of you all day!"

Layla jerked her shoulder off in an attempt to free herself, "Maxie not now, Kay, I have to be at office..." 

Max wasn't paying attention as he hummed and kissed her neck as his hand gradually moved from her stomach to her large 36C boobs. 

"Ugh Max, stop it!" She slapped his hands rather aggressively till her stopped massaging them. "Wow, in a mood are we?" he grinned, sliding his hand up her skirt, between her legs as he grinded his crotch on her back. 

Layla took this opportunity punch him in the face before turning around and yelling a vague sorry as she ran off, leaving him flexing his jaw.

She reached 12mins late and the receptionist glared at her unforgivingly. She mumbled a sorry before taking a seat at the reception and waited for almost half an hour before she was finally called in. The office was a large white room with remarkable skylight on the south side, and a huge bookcase on the wall on the west. There was a table in front of the bookcase but there was no one there. Suddenly someone beckoned her to sit and to her amazement, from the partition of the east side of the room, a tall, raven haired woman appeared. Her cheekbones looked like they could cut glass and she stood elegant at a height of 5'11. Her frame was thin and she wore a royal blue silken dress with a deep neck that clung to her slender body perfectly. Her eyes were deep chocolate that seemed to be glinting and her full red lips were curled up in a smirk. 

Layla stumbled a little "Hello...err...intern..." 

"Yes, I'm aware. What are your favourite areas to work on.?"

Her attitude was no nonsense as she took the seat behind the desk. Layla scrambled to keep her resume on the desk as she said "I love this magazine, I'm studying design but I want to write for you, I..."

The woman kept leafing her resume not paying any attention. Layla stuttered on until the woman raised a single finger motioning her to stop. 

"You have terrible sense of fashion, why would you want to work for us?"

Layla was stumped, her accessories were perfectly matched, and yes the skirt was a little old, but...

"Your style is boring honey, if you want to work with us you need to spice yourself up a bit." 

At the word spice, she smirked again and Layla felt a little bewildered. 

"Uh, I'd do anything to work at Vanity, I..."

"Anything, huh?" She grinned this time, "Well I have a habit of pushing my employees to a limit."

She stood up and walked up to Layla till she was very close and Layla's senses were enfolded in a strange musky yet fruity smell, "Look up at me." She ordered. Layla did, and to her astonishment, the woman traced her index finger over her lips picking up a crumb of bread perhaps and whispered, "You'll need to wipe more often here."

As Layla left the office she felt rather staggered. Miss Vale's actions had of course been out of place, but what felt weirder was that she had gotten so lost in the chocolate of her eyes, her full lips mouthing words and of course that strange intoxicating smell. 

She tried to concentrate on her work but everytime the secretory entered and informed us of something, she kept expecting Miss Vale had summoned her. 

After 5hours of work, she was finally wrapping up when the receptionist peeped in, "Hey I'm leaving now, switch off the lights and meet Miss Vale before you leave."

Her heart did an random somersault which she couldnt understand reason for, as she nodded. She filed her work, went to the loo and on an impulse touched up her lipstick before knocking on the door.

"Come in."

"You asked for me?" She said, trying to appear a little more confident than she had previously.

She finally turned around and smiled, "Oh yes. Come here, a new collection just arrived."

She walked up almost guided by the smell wafting from her mystically alluring figure. It was collection of lingerie and beachwear.

Miss Vale kept pointing at different patterns and colours as Layla simply stared, intoxicated by her hair, her lips and the smell, of course. "Layla?"

She jumped out of her reverie, "y-yes ma'am"

"What were you thinking? Is your underwear choice as boring as your outer attire is?"

Layla's eyes grew big, "no I was thinking about..."

"No excuses, you need to understand fashion if you must work here. Go, put these on."

Miss Vale was holding out a red negligee, made entirely of sheer lace. Layla stared dumbstruck at her boss, unable to fathom she was expected to wear this but also slightly excited at the prospect.

"Come on, I don't have all evening." She lightly patted Layla at the back and motioned her towards to east partition. 

As she was undressing, Lola was shocked to find her panties damp. This was extremely strange but she somehow convinced herself it was because of Max's rough boob handling in the morning. Feeling hugely self conscious she walked back into the office and almost bumped into Miss Vale standing at the edge of the door. 

"Mi-Miss Vale, I.l..."

"Shhh, just answer in yes or no." She murmured as she stroked Layla head, gazing at her with deep brown eyes. 

"Okay." Layla gulped.

"Are you uncomfortable?" 

"I..uhh.."

"Okay, too soon. Are you wet?"

"No...of course..." She spluttered

"Truth, please, Layla."

Layla avoided eye contact as she mumbled yes.

Suddenly Miss Vale got slightly aggressive as she jerked Layla's face towards her so that she couldn't look away. "What do you want?"

Layla couldn't form a sentence before Miss Vale's fingers brushed over rock hard nipples. "I... Don't..."

"Do you like this?" Miss Vale murmured as her fingers enclosed upon Layla's left nipple rubbing them gently.

Layla could barely finish nodding when she felt Miss Vale's palms cupping her crotch.

"You're so pretty Layla, but you need to understand yourself if you want to be beautiful." Miss Vale softly kissed her lips and almost automatically her lips parted invitingly. Miss Vale thrust her tongue inside feeling the crevices of her mouth as a soft moan escaped from Layla's throat.

"Do you want to be beautiful, honey?" She smiled, not unkindly.

"Yes, Miss Vale." Layla muttered gasping, trembling.

"No, you are to called me Mistress Thalia when we are alone." Thalia maintained eye contact as she lowered her mouth to one of Layla's breasts and started massaging it with her tongue. Her fingers had found Layla's wetness and she was gently circling her hole, teasing her lovingly. Layla kept moaning in unknown pleasure and she felt light headed and disoriented. On one hand she was feeling more horny than she had ever felt during foreplay with a boy, on the other, wasn't this wildly inappropriate?

Thalia sensed her thoughts almost as she smirked and suddenly let go of her completely eliciting a wanton cry of desire, "No, please..." Layla involuntarily almost began rubbing her breasts, looking at Thalia desperately.

"Please, what?" Thalia's tone had changed, "What do you want?"

It had become strangely authoritative and for some reason that turned Layla on even more. "Please Mistress Thalia, I want you..."

Thalia pushed her against the bookcase and held her there with a strong grip around her throat as she unbuttoned her own dress. Layla almost salivated as the silken robe fell to the ground revealing the most perfect hourglass figure she had ever seen. The breasts were small, but almost magically firm and supple and tapered down sharply to a tiny waist that again flared brilliantly into bony, structured hips.

Thalia smiled at the girls expression. They always had that reaction to her magnificent figure. She pushed Layla down, still firmly clasping her throat, "You look so desperate right now, honey. On your knees, just like you've always wanted..."

Sitting down on the chair, she trailed her right leg up Layla's body before plopping the thumb into her mouth.

"Suck." She said curtly and to Layla's surprise, grabbed a book from her table and started reading.

Layla was hornier than ever and she slowly realised the only way she was going to get any satisfaction was if she could provide some. She carefully sucked all ten of Thalia's toes and ran her tongue all over her foot, even taking it in her mouth at one point as if it was a dick.

"My, my, eager little slut are we?" Layla finally looked up from her book.

She suddenly grabbed Layla by the hair and thrust her breasts into her face. Layla suddenly felt like she was at the only place she wanted to be as she sucked and nibbled on her mistress' supple 34B breasts, Thalia kept tugging her hair and massaging her clit, but every time Layla stopped sucking to moan, she would pull hard at her hair making her scream. "Suck my tits, my little pet, don't you like them?"

"I love them Mistress" Layla gasped, twitching uncontrollably as Thalia's finger started tapping her elusive g spot.

"Oooooh Mistress..." She convulsed as a wave of pleasure hit her but just then Thalia withdrew her finger. 

"Bad manners, slut. No coming before I do." She smirked again, the smirk Layla had by now almost craved.

"I'm sorry Mistr..." She wasn't allowed to complete as her head was roughly pushed down into the other's cunt. There was some hair, but Layla didn't care. She realised this was the origin of the intoxicating musty smell and almost as if she was born to do it, she began lapping up the wetness rapidly. She explored every crevice of the beautiful wet hole in front of her, plunging her tongue deep inside, Thalia's moans only egging her on. She rubbed her tongue between the labia, hitting the clit while she tugged and sucked on the pussy lips. 

Thalia was moaning loudly, "Yes my little bitch, drink it up, like all you were waiting for is this moment honey." She stuck her leg out between Layla's legs and watched the girl instinctively hump her leg while sucking on her clit.

Layla was going crazy in her head with desire when Thalia abruptly pulled her hair again, held her face inches from her own pussy, lifted her perfect ass off the chair and started wantonly rubbing her pussy on Layla's face. Her clit was against the girl's sharp little nose while she fucked herself on the girl's tongue. 

"Drink my cum my little fucktoy, suck it all uppppp" she screamed as sprays of sweet cum erupted from her pussy. 

"Take it in my cumbucket, let me cum all over your mouth and body my pretty little pet" Layla was drinking in all the cum that was spraying and almost involuntarily, she gasped as she felt the sprays keeping on hitting her face that was buried in the exotic piece of heaven between Thalia's legs, and her own clit on Thalia's legs coupled with the moans of her boss, she couldn't help herself as she started cumming.

"Yes mistress I'm your dirty little cumbucket, your filthy horny whore, fuck meee mistressss...aaaahhh...." She gasped loudly as she convulsed, feeling the last spray of squirt hit her.

Her head was spinning but she was nevertheless feeling a sense of satisfaction she had never felt after sex before. Thalia trailed her fingers across her jawline and pulled her up before kissing her full on the mouth. Taking her hand, she lead her to the bed. She smiled at her pretty little slave still staggering from the effects of the orgasm they had just had and squeezed her breasts to her own. 

Layla looked up at her boss with an expression of submissive awe, "thank you, mistress Thalia." Thalia grinned with a twinkle in her eyes, "Honey, the real fun hasn't even begun."