 Author's Note:  To fully enjoy this story, you should read chapters 1-3. But to understand it at all, you must read the immediately preceding chapter.

"Marni, Sarah, please take off your clothes.  All of them."

Miranda just sat there and looked at us as if she had simply requested that we do her a slight favor and leave our shoes at the door or something; not given us an order to disrobe completely in front of her and her personal assistant.

I could see the shocked look on Marni's face, but the order didn't surprise me at all.  I was expecting it.  I'd even trimmed my pubic hair for just such an eventuality.  But right now, I had a more pressing need.

"Miranda . . . Ms Steele," I said tentatively.  "Before we go on, would it be all right if I went to the bathroom?  I've needed to go really badly ever since we landed at the airport."

As soon as the words were out of my mouth, I knew I'd made a mistake.  Now Miranda had something else that she could use to manipulate me.  I cursed under my breath at how stupid I'd been to let her know.

"I'm sorry, dear.  This really won't take very long.  I'm sure you won't mind waiting just a bit more, as we're almost finished for the night."   She might have just as well said, "Hell, no," because that's exactly what I knew she meant.

Then Marni spoke up.  "What about Rachel?  I guess we have to do this shit for you, but is it necessary for her to see us naked, too?"  I was really proud of her asserting herself like that.

"Oh, my," Miranda mocked again.  "I see what you mean, dear.  That would be uncomfortable for you.  Let's see what we can do about that."  Then she looked down at her personal assistant and said, "Rachel, please take off your clothes.  I think that might make Sarah and Marni feel a little less inhibited."

And without the least bit of hesitation, Rachel stood and began to shed her clothes.  Soon the lovely green silk suit was lying in a pool at her feet.  I couldn't help but admire her lithe figure, as she stood there in nothing but her light green cami, matching silk thong and thigh high stockings.  

In just another moment, she slipped the camisole over her head, revealing her pert breasts and rock hard nipples.  As she slipped the tiny thong over her hips, lowered it and stepped out, I couldn't help but notice a large wet spot that seemed to indicate Rachel's keen interest in this interview process.

I also couldn't help but notice that her mound was cleanly shaven and quite delicious looking.  I heard Marni whimper softly, apparently at the realization that she and I would be the next to shed our clothes.

For a moment, the only sounds in the room were our breathing and the hum of a far-off ventilation fan.  Then Miranda broke the silence.  "Rachel, please leave your lovely stockings on.  I don't think Marni and Sarah will mind, will you girls?"

I didn't feel the need to even answer, as Rachel returned to her spot at Miranda's feet, apparently not at all fazed by her lack of clothing.  Miranda reached down and stroked her hair a few more times, then looked up wordlessly at Marni and me.  And we knew it was now our turn.

I decided I might as well make the first move, since my jeans and panties were already down around my knees, and I hoped I could also offer a little encouragement to Marni.  So I lifted my wool turtleneck sweater over my head, exposing the new light blue bra I had worn especially for this moment.  After wrestling the sweater over my head, I looked down and noticed that one of my nipples had poked its way out of the low-cut bra.  And it was hard, very hard.

I saw Marni follow my lead and begin to unbutton her blouse, slowly at first, then faster, as she apparently decided to get it over as soon as possible.  Off came the blouse and soon her denim miniskirt.  Then she paused, apparently waiting for me to slip out of my tight jeans so we could do the rest together.

It took me a little longer because I had to sit down on the floor to remove my boots before the jeans could come all the way off, and I could feel Miranda's eyes on me as I struggled to free my feet from the boots.  Finally, they were off—both the boots and the jeans, and I looked up to see where Marni was in her part of this little striptease.

"What lovely boots, Sarah."  It was Miranda, of course.  "Did you wear them just for me, dear?"  My face flushed crimson, but I said nothing, refusing to acknowledge that I had done just that.  For some strange reason, I felt the need to pull my panties back up, I suppose so I could take them off again with Marni.

Now came the hard part.  Almost in unison, Marni and I reached around to unclasp our bras and let them fall to the floor.  The hard part wasn't standing there topless, exactly.  It was standing there topless with nipples that were hard as rocks, betraying our arousal.

Finally our panties joined the bras with the rest of the clothes on the floor, and Marni and I stood totally naked in front of Miranda Steel and her very personal assistant.  Just as I was wondering what would happen next, I found out.

"Sarah, dear, since you were so thoughtful to wear those boots for me, would you please put them back on so we can complete tonight's assignment."  

I just looked at her for a moment, trying to read what was going on behind those dark eyes, but her expression never changed.  Miranda simply sat there quite still, one leg crossed over the other, stroking Rachel's hair like she was some kind of a pet.  And I guess she actually was.

In fact, it occurred to me that Marni and I were her pets, too, but we just hadn't been "tamed" quite yet.  Perhaps that's what this was all about.

Giving up trying to decipher Miranda's expression, I sat down on the floor and began to pull the boots on.  I found it quite difficult to do without spreading my legs in a most unladylike fashion, particularly given my state of total undress.

I stood back up, noticing that the three inch heels of the boots made me nearly as tall as Marni, who was standing there in her bare feet.  In fact, she was standing there in her bare everything, looking quite lovely.  Miranda and Rachel seemed to join me in admiration for Marni's voluptuous figure, her magnificent breasts so full and round, all the way down to the little auburn colored landing strip that adorned her mound.

As for me, I was trying my best to come across as asexual as possible, just to spite Miranda, who was obviously getting some sick kind of sexual thrill out of this whole thing.  But it was hard not to feel sexy, to look sexy, in my black leather boots with the three inch heels, as they made my leg muscles taught and my ass jut out suggestively.

We both stood before Miranda, neither of us quite knowing what to do with our hands.  Should we try to cover ourselves?  Or should we try to be nonchalant as possible so Miranda wouldn't get the satisfaction of making us so uncomfortable?

But Miranda just looked us up and down for the longest time, seemingly trying to memorize every curve, every detail of our bodies.  And her only reaction was the twitching of her leg as it dangled there, crossed over the other one at the knee.

Then, to my utter surprise, Miranda leaned over and whispered to Rachel, "You may kiss me now."  And with that, Rachel got to her knees and moved close to Miranda, offering herself to her employer.  Their mouths met and they kissed for a long time, with eyes closed and hands lightly caressing each other.

If I hadn't known better, I'd have thought there was real affection between the two of them.  But I knew Miranda and felt confident any affection was totally one-sided.  One thing about it, though.  It did appear that Marni's and my reluctant performance had succeeded in arousing Miranda Steele.

In a few moments, Miranda broke the kiss and turned back to Marni and me, still standing there naked in front of her chair.  We'll, I wasn't quite naked, I did have my boots on.  But, in some way, they made me feel even more exposed, as if I were truly putting on some kinky show.

Miranda looked us up and down again with those piercing dark eyes, and proclaimed, "I like all my girls to be shaved.  I want to see bare little cunts on my girls, like Rachel here."

Rachel blushed a little as Miranda pointed at her sex, then ran her hand slowly over her assistant's bare mound.

This little display seemed to touch a nerve in Marni.  "We're not your girls," Marni exclaimed.  "Rachel may be, but Sarah and I aren't!"

Miranda fixed her eyes on Marni, never removing her hand from Rachel's smooth mound.  She continued to caress her as she shot back at my angry friend, "My dear Marni.  You have been my girl ever since you cashed my check, and ever since you reported to me about Sarah."  I could tell Marni was getting the message.

"Of course, I don't need to remind Sarah.  She already knows she's my girl."  Miranda's voice was syrupy.  "She's been my girl since the first time she fucked herself on my boot.  Isn't that right, Sarah?"

I simply nodded my head, not daring to meet Marni's gaze.  But I began to see that Rachel and I might have more in common than I'd originally thought.

"Now, as I was saying before Marni interrupted me," Miranda continued.  "I like my girls to have bare little cunts.  And since it is clear that the two of you do not, we're going to have to fix that."

She motioned to a cabinet over in the corner of the room.  "Rachel, the things you will need are in that second drawer.  I want you to make Sarah and Marni look pretty like you."

"But . . . but," Marni was a bit more subdued this time, but she still seemed to want to argue the point.  I, on the other hand, decided not to waste my breath.  "Couldn't we just do that, shave ourselves, tonight when we shower?"  Marni offered once more.

"Oh, no, dear.  If you did that, you'd be depriving Rachel of the pleasure of helping you and me of the pleasure of watching.  You wouldn't want that would you?"

Simple translation:  Hell no.

Marni shrugged her shoulders and let out a long sigh as Rachel began pulling her "equipment" from the second drawer of the cabinet.  First came a medium-sized, round basin, followed by what looked like a coffee mug with a wooden handle sticking out of the top.  Next, she added a container of talcum powder and some towels.  Finally, there was a stainless steel handle with a leather strap dangling from the end.  The light gleamed off it as Rachel laid it on a tray with the other things.

Rachel carried the tray over to the shower area to a sink and began running warm water into the basin.  When it was nearly full, she allowed just a little to drip into the bottom of the mug.  Then she came back over to join Marni and me in front of Miranda.

Rachel stopped first in front of Marni.  I don't know if it was because of some prearranged order that Miranda had established, or because there was less work to be done on her.  After all, Marni was already nearly bare, except for the little dark red landing strip atop her mound.  I, on the other hand, while neatly trimmed, had a lot more to deal with.

Rachel glanced up at Miranda, who gave a single nod of her head.  That was enough for Rachel, and the shaving was about to begin.

I watched Marni, as she fixed her eyes on Rachel.  She watched as Rachel took one of the towels from the tray and dipped it in the basin to get it good and wet.  Then, she carefully wrung it out and reached up and applied it to Marni's mound.  Marni jumped a little when the warm towel touched her sensitive area and gave out a little sigh at the sensation.

I jumped a little, also, at the thought of Rachel touching Marni there, and of her undoubtedly touching me in the same place in a few moments.  I could feel myself getting moist again and just hoped that my juices would not escape my wet folds and start trickling down the insides of my thighs.

"Would you hold this in place for a moment, please?" Rachel asked Marni, referring to the warm, wet towel that now covered her mound.  Without a word, Marni reached down and held it in place, while Rachel took the wooden handle and began stirring what I now could identify as a shaving brush, around in the mug.

When she seemed to be satisfied with the results of her mixing, she knelt in front of Marni and removed the towel.  By this time, the little red landing strip was all moist and matted, and apparently ready to be shaved.

Rachel gave the brush one last stir, then began applying the white foamy soap to Marni's mound, covering the entire area as she moved the brush in circular motions.  I saw Marni close her eyes and begin nibbling on her lower lip.  

Rachel seemed to be spending an inordinate amount of time stroking Marni with the soft, soapy bristles, despite the fact that there was hardly any hair to shave.  Probably unconsciously, Marni shifted her weight a little and took one step to the side with her right foot, opening herself to Rachel's touch.

Encouraged, Rachel began applying the soap to the creases on either side of Marni's labia, right where her legs meet her luscious sex.  I could see Marni's nipples harden under Rachel's apparently expert touch.  By this time, Marni's full lips were slightly parted and her neck and chest beginning to flush.

I knew mine probably looked the same way, and I suddenly realized that my hand had unconsciously drifted to my own mound and I was touching myself lightly.  Embarrassed, I looked at Miranda, and sure enough, she was watching me.  I quickly thrust my hands behind my back and did my best to fight my growing arousal.

If Marni was fighting, she was losing the battle, as Rachel ended the application of the shaving soap by running the soft bristles along the length of her wet slit, all the way from her anus to her clitoris.  And by the time the brush reached the top, Marni was sort of lowering herself, seemingly to press against it.

But then Rachel was through with the brush and she returned it to the mug and reached for the silver handle there on the tray.  Of course, it was a straight razor, and the sharp blade gleamed in the bright light as she straightened it out and prepared to apply it to Marni's mound.

At the first touch, I found myself instinctively flinching, as I thought about the sharp steel coming into close contact with such tender flesh.  As she began to shave my now obviously enflamed roommate, Rachel used her free hand to stretch Marni's skin tight, to allow the razor to shave as close and smoothly as possible.

With each stroke of the razor, I heard Marni gasp softly, not in pain, but as if she was enjoying a very erotic experience.  I know that it was one of the most erotic things I had ever seen—beautiful naked Rachel, nipples hard and erect, kneeling before my equally gorgeous roommate, face not 12 inches from Marni's sex, gently shaving her mound with the gleaming razor.

As I looked a little closer, I could see that occasionally Rachel's thumb would brush across Marni's swollen clit as she stretched the skin of her mound tight.  By the time Rachel had finished her task, Marni was gently rocking her hips, as if trying to stimulate herself on some unseen object.

The little landing strip now gone, Rachel rinsed out the towel, wrung the excess water out and began to remove the vestiges of hair and shaving soap from Marni's now bare mound.  Once again, the washing and wiping looked a lot more like sexual stimulation than hygiene.  And the slow, sensuous movement of Marni's hips attested that it felt the same way.

Rachel then took another towel and dried Marni's freshly-shaven mound before finally shaking some talcum powder onto her hand and rubbing it all over the tender skin.  I could see Marni's hips move as Rachel touched her with the powder, desperate to create contact with her enflamed clit.

But now Rachel was through with Marni, and my friend was left in an obvious state of arousal, as Miranda's assistant moved over in front of me.  Once again kneeling, her head just inches from my sex, Rachel must have been aware of how turned on I had become.  I could smell the aroma of my arousal quite clearly, and I knew the scent had to be nearly overpowering from her vantage point.  She was so close I could feel her breath on my moist lips.

And it seemed the more aroused I became, the more urgently I needed to go to the bathroom.  But I bit my lip and hoped that the process would be quick and we would be done for the night.  Based on Marni's experience, however, the shaving did not appear to be at all quick.

The feel of the warm towel on my mound brought my thoughts back to the moment, and I moaned softly at the erotic sensation.  Then, as with Marni, Rachel asked me to hold the towel in place as she prepared the shaving soap.

In just a moment, she was stroking me lightly with the brush, making those exquisite little circles on my mound, bathing my coarse dark hair in the white foam.  My already erect clit hardened further at Rachel's sensuous touch.  I had to close my eyes, feeling that if I actually could see what she was doing, I would cum right on the spot.

She soaped me with the brush for what seemed like an hour, lingering seductively along my puffy lips and at the top of my opening, where the gentle bristles played over my sensitive clit.  But it was when she made that final stroke of the brush, from my anus all the way up to the little pearl, that I felt that tingling deep in my belly that warned of an impending orgasm.

I closed my eyes tighter and bit hard on my lip, tasting a bit of blood.  I hoped the pain would distract me from the delicious sensations between my legs.  I knew if I came, the odds were good that I would lose complete control and embarrass myself fully and utterly.

Then it was time for the razor.  But it wasn't so much the feel of the razor gliding over my tender mound.  It was the feel of Rachel's soft hands as she stretched my skin this way and that to allow her to shave closely.  Each time she stretched my skin, it created this intense pressure on my hard clit, as the skin around it was stretched tight, as well.

The only sensation I could relate it to came from my brief affair with Phil Smith.  His cock was quite wide, and when he pressed it into my rather small opening, it stretched the skin tight over my little pearl, making it ultra sensitive to each of his thrusts.

This sensation was exactly what I was experiencing with Rachel at that moment.  And with each stroke of the razor, I could feel the thrusting of Phil's big cock.  Over.  And over.  And over.  Until it was just unbearable.

The tingle in my belly had turned into a pulsing.  The feeling was beginning to radiate out from my core to every extremity.  My arms went stiff, and my legs followed.  My breaths were coming in short bursts.  I was literally panting and doing my best to hump Rachel's hand as she quickly finished shaving me.

"Oh fuck!  Fucccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk."

And I stabbed three fingers deep in my throbbing cunt and just held them there, the heel of my hand pressed hard against my now-shaven mound as I came with a fury that I had never experienced before.  My legs buckled and I collapsed to my knees, fingers still buried deep inside.

Then I felt the warm liquid begin to flow from me, mixing with my cum, the shaving cream and making a large puddle on the floor beneath me.  It was as if every muscle in my body had gone slack.  I simply emptied myself right there in front of Miranda, Marni and Rachel.

Empty of energy.  Of self respect. Of shame.  Totally empty.

******
I hardly remember going to bed that night.  I assume Rachel and Marni, and perhaps even Simon, helped me to the room Miranda had assigned to me and tucked me into bed.  I awoke the next morning feeling as if I'd been drugged, looking groggily around the room trying to figure out where I was.
