 Becca tightened her embrace, pulling the young girl's slim body hard against her own. Her hands roamed up and down her back and on to her arse where she lifted the skirt and slipped her hands down the back of her panties. The feel of Sofia's soft yielding flesh in her hands sent a shiver through her body and she felt herself getting wetter. All the while, Sofia kissed her, her mouth tight over her own and her tongue sliding inside. Becca delved deeper in to her knickers, slipping her hand between her legs and inserting her fingers in to her moist pussy. Sofia trembled and stiffened and let out a cry as Becca's fingers penetrated her cunt. She was just about to move her hand around to the front to massage Sofia's clit when the girl pulled away. She gasped, " I can't Miss, I can't. I've got to go. I'll be missed at the dorm. Mrs. Frobisher will be wondering where I am." Becca stepped back, "Yes, yes of course Sofia. You must go, I'm sorry I.." 

Sofia smiled at her, "Don't worry Miss, I wanted this to happen, really I did. You see, I.. I love you Miss. I've loved you from the first day you taught us. I want us to be together. I want you to touch me, and I want to touch you. I've never felt anything like this before, not about anyone. I think about you all the time, I dream about you touching me, and making love to me. It's what I want more than anything in the world. We can meet again tomorrow can't we? I really want to. Can I come to your room tomorrow evening, I can tell Mrs. Frobisher that I'm having problems with my work and that you are helping me to catch up. Can we do that Miss? Do you want to see me tomorrow?"

  Becca felt a huge relief that she hadn't misread the signs from the girl. However, it wasn't all good news. Sofia's confession of love was a complication that she'd encountered before. Some of the girls and boys in the past had become besotted with her and it made the ending of the relationship very difficult and potentially dangerous. She'd had a girl some years ago threaten suicide if she didn't continue to sleep with her. That situation had been resolved when the parents of the girl, completely unaware of her attachment to her English teacher, had moved her to another school. Becca had made contact with the new school and, asking informal and indirect questions, was reassured that the girl was OK.

Sofia was holding Becca's hands tightly as if reluctant to let go.

"We'll see tomorrow. I'll talk to Mrs. Frobisher for you and make sure that it's OK for you come and see me tomorrow evening for some extra tuition. Now you run along, tell Mrs. Frobisher that I kept you back to help me with these books, OK?" Sofia grinned and nodded excitedly. "Oh Miss, that's really wonderful." Sofia leaned in and kissed her hard on the lips, and then whispered in her ear, "I can't wait for you to…fuck me." The girl suddenly broke away and disappeared through the door, leaving Becca in a state of extreme unfulfilled arousal. 

  She stood alone in the musty room, trying to gather her thoughts about what had just happened. It was unusual for a 'new girl' to want to have sex so soon, usually there was a period much like courting, when Becca had to employ her seduction techniques in order to get a girl in to bed. But here was Sofia taking the initiative, wanting sex right at the start. Her thoughts returned to the physical, the tangible, the smoothness of Sofia's skin, the feel of her mouth on her own, and her smell, oh, the sweet smell of her cunt. She ran her fingers slowly under her nose, the aroma of her virginal young pussy was strong in her nostrils. She slid her fingers in to her mouth and brushed her fingertips over her tongue. She could taste it, she could taste Sofia's pussy. Becca's arousal suddenly increased ten fold, she slipped her hand up under skirt and between her thighs. Sitting down on one of the boxes, she parted her legs and pressed her fingers to her crotch. She was not surprised to find the silk material of her loose-fitting French knickers, soaking wet. She pressed harder, feeling the firm swelling of her erect clitoris, hard under her fingertips. Gently rubbing the soft sensitive area at the top of her drooling slit through the smooth silk, Becca began to masturbate slowly and methodically, creating a gentle circular motion. 

  She leaned back on the shelves, her eyes closed as the sensations from her pussy began to build and expand towards the nerve tingling climax that she new awaited her. Her breathing settled to a deep slow pattern as her mind's eye produced images of lovely Sofia. As she softly rubbed her clit through the silk gusset of her kickers, she pictured a naked Sofia kneeling between her wide spread legs. The girl's golden brown hair cascaded over Becca's chunky thighs as her head bobbed slowly up and down. Sofia's sweet mouth was pressed against her cunt, the tip of her tongue moving in circles over her throbbing clit.

  Becca popped open some buttons on her blouse and pushed her hand inside her bra and began to rub and squeeze her hard nipples. She gasped and moaned in the small fusty room, feeling the burning itch of an approaching climax. The orgasm began to slowly overwhelm her, making her legs shake and her whole body start to tremble. Her hand moved faster, pressed harder through the material as the orgasm reached its summit. "Oh Sofia, Sofia..yes, lick it, suck me, lick me …harder Sofia, harder. Uhh…uhh…uhh…HUUUUUHHHH." The delicate silk fabric under her fingers was soaking wet as she slowed her hand, and allowed the climax to subside and fade away.

END OF PART TWO