 By no means would Madelyn Knight ever have considered herself an unhappy woman. The 33-year old brunette would have said quite the opposite had anyone ever put the question to her.

She had a good job as a Financial Planner and was well-respected in her position. In fact, in a little under a decade, she was on the fast track to becoming a partner. She seemed to have a good head for facts and figures and was well thought of by clients and associates alike.

She was a cherished daughter and beloved sister to her parents and 3 siblings. Her parents had been married for nearly 40 years and had set a good example for their children. Madelyn had several nieces and nephews who all thought the world of her. There was nothing that the family would not have done for one another, theirs was a close-knit bond.

She loved the community in which she lived and was a popular member of that community. She gave back, working for several charities and she always worked towards helping those less fortunate. Every Christmas, she helped deliver Christmas Hampers to those in need and she had helped more than a few people find meaningful employment so that the following years, many of them were able to give back.

Her own two girls adored their mother and were both happy children who did well in school. Madelyn chuckled to herself at one Parent / Teacher conference, wishing that at least once one of her girls could get into some kind of trouble so that she might have a break from the monotony of having their teachers praise the girls to the high heavens.

Despite all of the things that made her life wonderful, Madelyn was unhappy and she knew the reason why. She was married to a man who adored her very much. She had met Jack when she was 16, married him at 19 and been a mom six months later. Jack was a terrific guy, a wonderful father and a great provider. So why had she never loved him back the way that he deserved? Why did she feel so unfulfilled as Jack's wife?

Jack sensed her unhappiness and to his credit, he tried. He did everything that a man could do to make her happy and despite all of that, it failed. So after a number of years trying, he told Madelyn that he wanted out. He left a few months after the previous Christmas. Their girls were devastated, but Jack and Madelyn made it clear that there was no animosity between them. Madelyn could not convey what was making her so unhappy, only that something was.

Madelyn would likely never have figured it out, save for an encounter with Jack's sister. Becca called a few days after Jack moved out of the house, wanting to have lunch. Madelyn and Becca had always been more like real sisters, despite Becca's 11-year age difference. Madelyn had been there for Becca more often than her own parents and Becca thought the sun rose and set on her adored sister-in-law. The thought of her no longer being family caused her no little anguish and Madelyn knew that she had to do something to reassure Becca.

"We will always be family," Madelyn hugged her sister-in-law to comfort her. The auburn haired lovely was attracting a bit of attention, likely as much for her outfit as for her sniffling. Becca was wearing a holiday-themed red dress, a "Santa" cap and sexy new boots. The part-time model never once went anywhere without looking spectacular and their lunch date was no exception. Becca had once told Madelyn that she always kept one eye out for potential suitors and she wanted to give them something to look at. She was not in the least bit embarrassed by saying she liked to "cat around" and at times, Madelyn lived vicariously through Becca. At times, she wished that she could have played the field a bit more before settling down with Jack as a wife & mommy.

"I'm glad to hear that, Maddy," Becca sighed, feeling a sense of relief. Becca was the only one that could get away with calling her sister-in-law "Maddy". "I guess I don't understand why you're divorcing my brother?"

Madelyn was looking around their favorite Bistro. Normally it was busy, but today it was hopping and almost all of their servers were working. The Bella Bistro only hired the prettiest and most attractive servers and the soon-to-be-single Madelyn allowed herself to enjoy the view. Becca's query brought her back to the here and now. "I'm not divorcing Jack," she answered in total candor. "He's divorcing me; I would have hung on until the girls entered university or even gone for counseling. He just doesn't see the point."

"Well, as long as the two of you can remain friends and the girls will be okay," Becca nodded in support. As she was only a few years older than her nieces, they were more like sisters than aunt / nieces. "Hey, you seem really distracted - is there anything else going on in there?" She teased, tapping Madelyn's forehead gently.

"I honestly don't know," Madelyn answered. "I've never known why your brother doesn't make me happy. He's the sweetest man I ever knew, the nicest guy I dated in a parade of losers. That's why I agreed to marry him, I suppose. No other guy made me anywhere near as loved and cherished. It's just - and please don't judge me for this - I've never loved him as much as he loved me and the sex - he's a good lover, I suppose - but most of the time, I'd just as soon skip it." After saying that, Madelyn went back to people watching, letting Becca take in all that she had just said. As it was so incredibly busy, their server had yet to arrive and take their orders, so Becca did have a lot of time to contemplate Madelyn's words.

"I'm going to say something to you now," Becca said looking directly into Madelyn's deep, dark eyes. "I don't want you to freak out, just hear me out. I know you haven't been happy with my brother for a while, but hearing what you just said, I wonder if any man is capable of making you happy. Is it at all possible you might not be attracted to men sexually?"

"Are you asking if I might be a...?"

"... lesbian, yes. Is it possible?"

"No, of course not, what would make you think such a thing?" Madelyn protested. "I don't even know any lesbians!" She said to Becca. An unusual smile crossed the younger girl's lovely face.

"Actually Maddy, that isn't quite true," Becca replied. "You do know one lesbian very well."

Madelyn's head almost snapped all the way around at Becca's last statement. "Rebecca Aurora Knight!" She gasped, using her sister-in-law's seldom-used full name. "Are you telling me now that you are a lesbian?"

"Yes," Becca nodded and smiled softly. "My first sexual encounter was at 18, with the mother of a close friend. It was so gentle, sensual and intimate that I've never wanted to be with a man. All of my lovers since that time have been women and I see no reason to change. I don't dislike men as friends, but when I want a sexual experience, I always look to other women for my needs and desires."

"I had no idea," Madelyn said as their server finally arrived. She ordered herself a very stiff drink, feeling that she likely would be needing one.

"You and I don't exactly discuss sex when we have lunch," Becca grinned, ordering a drink of her own. "Sometimes, I think that you still see me as a little kid."

"I've known you since you were a few months shy of 5, so I probably do," Madelyn laughed nervously. "Wow - my gorgeous sis-in-law likes girls."

"So do you, or at least, I think it's a possibility," Becca nudged Madelyn in the arm. "Haven't you noticed that you've been checking out almost every pretty server almost since we got here?"

"Isn't it only natural to admire another sexy person?" Madelyn responded.

"Of course it is," Becca smiled and took another sip of her drink. "But sweetheart, here's something of which I don't think you're aware. Every one of the servers you've admired has been female. You haven't given one bit of attention to the males, but the women have had your undivided attention."

Madelyn's hand flew to her mouth as she took in the weight of Becca's words. She had never before considered it and yet, things were already falling into place. Whenever she went to a social event, she paid scant attention to the men. Her attention was always diverted to the women in the crowd, what they were wearing, how they were acting. It seemed ludicrous to the 33-year old brunette that she might have lesbian tendencies and yet, many prominent sexologists believed that most women had the potential for bi-sexuality. 

Yet for Madelyn, denial was not just a river in Egypt. "I've never been with another woman, never even considered it," she protested as she thought about what to have for lunch. "We both know that I'm not the type of woman who would hang out in a gay bar and look for another woman to sleep with."

Becca laughed. "You'd be surprised how many women you would likely meet even in a normal social situation of you allowed yourself to just open yourself up to the possibility," Becca counseled her. "I'm sure there are some women at your office who would love to date you, you've just never noticed. I know of a few women who have put out little feelers to see if you play for my team."

Madelyn leaned back in her chair, her silk and lace blouse drawing tight over her 36C breasts. She was aware that her beauty had gone undiminished since marrying Jack, she liked to put forth an image of attractiveness and used every little trick she knew to remain alluring. "You're just teasing me, aren't you?" She said to Becca, although secretly enjoying the titillating conversation. "You don't really know anyone."

"Honest injun beautiful, I could name at least 5 women who would pay good money to get you into bed," Becca said to her best friend. "Not just women your age or even older - young and sexy, vibrant women who've all told me they think you're the kind of women they could really get into."

"I-I wouldn't even know where to start," Madelyn admitted, actually trembling at the forbidden thrill that Becca was suggesting to her.

"You're intrigued," Becca said to her, knowing that Maddy was torn between staying the course and embarking on a new adventure. Becca thought the world of Madelyn and would never in a million years have done anything to hurt her much-adored sister-in-law. With what she had learned today, she now felt that Maddy needed an adventure. She had to start a new chapter in her life and even if an experience with a woman would be a one-time thing, she didn't think it would be something Madelyn would regret. She wanted to make that happen for her cherished relative and now all she had to do was to figure out how she could go about doing that and how to sway Maddy into allowing her to make it happen.

"I don't have your sense of bravado, your willingness to lead your life on your own terms," Madelyn explained. "I've always admired that about you, even more now that I know the truth." 

Whether she knew it or not, Madelyn had just opened the door. "Maybe Madelyn didn't, but perhaps Maddy does," Becca said to her as she began to work her wiles. "Jack has moved out, so why shouldn't you feel free to live your life on your own terms? Why can't you start a second act?"

"I'm not sure quite what you mean, care to explain?"

"Sure thing. I have a few places I hang out, go to dinner, dance, meet up with friends. They're all very supportive of the gay, lesbian and transgender lifestyle and nothing at all sleazy. Fun places with good people, drink and food. You could come with me one night, leave the kids with my folks or with Jack and I could introduce you around. In fact, I might even have a date for you, we could double date it that would make you more at ease," she said to Madelyn. "You could have a sexy evening and see if perhaps you're more comfortable in your own skin than you realize."

By this point, Madelyn was on her third drink and she had yet to eat. She was just susceptible to listen to Becca's suggestion. "You really know a woman who'd be interested in going out with someone my age?"

"For God's sake Maddy, you weren't around when dinosaurs roamed the earth," Becca told her. "You're young and hot with the legs of a fashion model. A few small tweaks to your look and clothing and you'll have your pick of babes. Why not have an adventure and see if you have the `it' factor the way that I think you do?"

Madelyn was tired of living like a tortoise in her shell. Their food arrived just at about the same time as she said "Okay, I'll do it!"

In one sense, Madelyn regretted the words the very instant they came out of her mouth. What was she getting herself into? How would she explain it to her kids? The first one, she shushed herself and decided she wasn't doing a single thing wrong. She was entitled to a night out, she hadn't cheated on Jack, he had made the choice to end their marriage. Jack was still a strong and handsome man and she doubted very much if he would be spending his nights sitting alone in front of the TV. In the second place, all she was doing was having an evening out with the girls' Aunt Becca, they didn't need to know more than that. If they did at some future juncture, both of them were old enough to understand the ways of the modern world. Her girls had encouraged her to live a full life, with or without their daddy.

She went to get herself a mini-makeover, but was intercepted by Becca. "Nuh-uh, no way in hell am I trusting you with this job," she half-teased Madelyn. "We want va-va-va-VOOM, new hair, makeup, clothes, heels, the works. You make good money and can afford it." Becca took Maddy to her friend Calleigh's salon and made sure the attractive blonde got the idea. She wanted Madelyn to take a step back in time and look like a red-hot mama! She got her wish an 90 minutes later when a new Madelyn emerged. Her hair now hung in waves to her shoulders, her eyes were made up with a smoky eyeliner, her body was in form-fitting gold blouse and black skirt replete with high heels. She didn't appear to be much more than a few years Becca's senior, not at all like a cougar on the prowl. "NO ONE will say no to you tonight," Becca encouraged her. "Once I'm done, we'll go grab a quick bite and hit the club. Our dates are expecting us about 10.'

"Ten?!" Madelyn protested. "I have to be at work at 9 tomorrow morning."

"No you don't, I called Melissa..." she was Maddy's secretary "... and I told her you'd be taking a day off. She agreed with me that you need a break, so chill and have some coffee while I get myself ready too!"

Madelyn found it hard to "chill" because she wasn't always comfortable in new situations. She had to admit that Becca's transformation was quite the eye-opener. Her friend went from pretty to sexy / trashy in a very short time. "I don't think I've ever seen you look quite this..."

"... trashy?" Becca laughed. She was now wearing a mini that was only a bit larger than a postage stamp, a low-cut blouse and boots with a stiletto heels. "I've got the body and I like to be noticed. My lady friend appreciates me looking like this. She says that I'm a lesbian slut and it's okay with her if I dress like one!" Madelyn looked at Becca with disapproval until Becca laughed. "Don't worry baby, I like being a slut for Rose. She gives as good as she gets and when you meet her, you'll see why."

The two friends got to the club a few minutes before 10 PM. It was packed and chock full of gorgeous women. Madelyn quickly realized her sister-in-law had brought her to a lesbian bar and that the two of them were attracting a lot of attention. Part of her wanted to run and hide, yet she had come this far and she needed to see it through. She had to discover if what Becca had been trying to tell her just might be true. Was she a - dare she even think it - lesbian slut? As much as she didn't want to think that way, part of her found the whole idea very appealing.

Before the two women even had much of a chance to look around, a tall and beautiful black woman approached Becca and swept her up in her arms. Without even a hint of self-consciousness, she kissed Becca with the passion of a long-time lover. Becca was equally naughty, making a small spectacle as she and her lover embraced. Before the two lovers even broke their kiss, someone tapped Madelyn on the shoulder. She turned around and stood face-to-face with a tall, slender younger black woman. She went to introduce herself, but the girl took care of that herself - by kissing Madelyn with the same erotic fervor as Becca's lover had kissed her. Madelyn was taken aback, although the kiss was far from unpleasant.

"I thought I'd get that out of the way," the girl smiled as Madelyn realized everyone was watching their foursome. "Wow, Becca was right - you're hot! Hi, I'm Serena, although most people call me Serenity."

Rose and Becca were already walking towards a table and Madelyn didn't know quite what to make of all of this. She looked at the girl who was wearing a silver sequined short dress with matching heels. She was gorgeous but seemed young - younger even than Becca. When they got to their table, Maddy asked the girl her age.

"I turned 18 last month," Serenity admitted. "Don't worry though, I'm very mature for my age - and I love older, sexy women!"

Madelyn was still trying to come to terms with things. "Won't your parents - your mom - be upset about your being with me, being here? I mean, technically, you're not old enough to be here and be drinking."

"You're cute," Serenity giggled. "Don't worry about my mom, she knows where I am."

"I do and I'm perfectly fine with it," Rose spoke up, shocking Madelyn. "Like mother, like daughter. Both of us love women sexually and I want my baby girl to enjoy the sexiest women. When Becca mentioned that you were looking to - experiment - I thought you'd be a perfect match for my naughty little slut of a daughter."

"Thank you, mommy," Serenity said, giving her mom a quick peck on the lips. Madelyn now was completely freaked, but she felt Becca squeeze her hand. She decided that she would just go with the flow for one night, although some serious imbibing would need to be done. She ordered a few rounds of her favorite drinks and got tipsy as fast as she could. Madelyn - Maddy - had not been this drunk since her university days, but she also felt good. And seriously horny.

"I'm really horny," Madelyn said out loud before breaking into a major fit of the giggles. "What does a horny girl have to do around here to get fucked?"

Becca smiled slyly as her plan was coming to fruition faster than she had anticipated. She knew that her sister-in-law was probably as much a whore as she was, she had just needed some encouragement. "These black lezzie bitches have a fabulous condo not far from here," Becca told Madelyn. "Let's have one last drink and then call a taxi and we'll go there and party. Sound good?"

"Sounds marvelous!" The inebriated Madelyn giggled. She turned to Serenity and smiled. "I can't wait to eat your fucking gorgeous black pussy!"

Serenity kept her wits about her, as Becca and Rose knew she would. "Dee-lish baby, but I'm going to eat yours first!" She trilled. She stuck out her tongue so that Madelyn could see how long and snaky it was. "I'm going to make you enjoy girls so much that you won't ever want cock again. All you'll crave is sweet, juicy cunt!"

A sober Madelyn might have found such words repugnant, but the drunken Maddy found them guttural and entirely erotic. Their drinks were finished quickly, although Maddy did find time to check out the sexy ass of their redheaded server. Four horny women piled into a cab which was driven by another gorgeous woman. Her name was Jessie and she was a friend of Becca's - a good friend, as it turned out. "Damn, you would be having a party on a night where I'm working, you bitch!" The sexy blonde cabbie pouted. "If you promise to invite me next time, you don't have to tip me." Madelyn hoped that Becca would - she kept stealing admiring glances at the driver's legs, which were visible in a very short skirt and heels. When they all stumbled into Rose's spacious condo, her body was starving for a hot sexual encounter.
