 Claudia Thompson had by choice become something of a loner. From her early years as a top fashion model, through her married years as a well known socialite until her husband Richard had died some 7 years earlier she had never been free to pursue her hobby of painting.

She was also very rich; she had inherited a very large number of stocks, bonds and shares - her husband had been in finance so money was not a problem.

She had sold the large family house; given her son and daughter their due share and then with the balance in a private account had seemingly disappeared. 

She had wandered through many countries on the Continent indulging in her passion of visiting art galleries, as well as enjoying many gallant lovers and finally decided to settle down and do some serious painting. She had looked at many properties all over the Continent and finally settled on a place to live on the heel of Italy, not far from Brindisi.

It was a beautiful region of warmth, sunlight, sandy beaches, olive and orange groves. Claudia had found an ideal home on about 3 acres with olive and orange trees, high on a headland that had one entrance road and unlimited privacy. 

Although the 'villa' was old she had spent a fair bit of money upgrading it as well as installing alarm systems and a personal alarm linked to the local ambulance facility.

She found the change from the enforced social life of high finance in the USA much to her liking. She was virtually unknown and having aged a few decades since she was a famous fashion model; not easily recognised -- especially in this part of the world.

But though in her early 50's she still retained her magnificent figure which was usually hidden under an old painting smock or other shapeless clothes she preferred to wear. Although her face was getting a little bit more lined from her time in the sun, she still turned heads when she visited the local market.

Many of her seascape and landscape paintings were readily purchased by the locals. She had an arrangement with a local bookshop, where she purchased paints and brushes, for her paintings to be displayed and they sold within days. After giving the shop owner a decent commission the balance was generally donated to the local hospice for the care of abandoned children. She kept only a small amount for her daily needs.

All of which came home to roost a year later when, after doing some painting from her flat top roof, and with the weather threatening some welcome rain, she gathered her easel, palette, brushes and proceeded to make her way down the outside step way. 

The rain broke about halfway down and wanting to protect the half finished canvas, she hurried down the last remaining steps. Just as the strap on her sandal broke and she lost her balance 4 steps from the patio.

She fell awkwardly, landing sideways on her right hip on top of a pottery jar that smashed with the impact. She also felt something tear in her right knee before she hit her forehead on the tiled surface. Lying half under the awning protected her upper body from the deluge as she lay unconscious.

By the time she recovered her senses it had already gone dark but she was able to feel in the deep pocket of her smock for her personal alarm. She pressed it twice -- the pre-arranged signal for emergency help, then lapsed once more into a semi conscious state.

She remembered nothing of being surrounded by ambulance staff, carefully laid onto the stretcher, or the wailing siren as she was transported to the local hospital. 

She was surprised to awaken and find herself in a clean sheeted bed with her right leg in traction and her left hand in a splint and plaster. Her groin hurt like hell and she was sure she could smell blood.

A nurse sitting on watch by her bed noticed her eyes open and immediately pressed a button attached to a cord taped to Claudia's right wrist. Claudia could vaguely make out the name Vittoria on the nurses badge but before she could say anything, the door to her private room opened.

First to enter was a swarthy faced young man dressed in a white doctor's uniform. Behind him came a blue uniformed man pushing a trolley and then another nurse.

"Buonjourno Signora Thompson," said the doctor. "I am Eduardo Russo, your doctor. Welcome back to the land of the conscious," he said with a grin. 

"I seem to be in a bit of a mess." Claudia volunteered, pointing to her knee in traction and then to her hip and left hand. 

"Si; however you are very lucky." said the doctor. "A piece of the pottery jar entered into your body just between the Aorta and femoral arteries. Without your alarm you would certainly have bled to death. You lost at least a litre of blood and the wound is deep. As for your knee, it twisted when you fell and landed on it snapping both cruciate ligaments. I am afraid it will be many months before you can walk again. Your wrist is fractured in 3 places and two fingers have broken bones."

Claudia's face fell as she realised her dream of self independence was gone.

"How long will I be in here?" she asked. "Someone will need to feed my two cats."

Vittoria the nurse replied, "My daughter Marina has offered to visit and feed the cats until you are able to return home."

"Then I must give you money to cover her costs." said Claudia.

"We will speak of it later," replied Vittoria, "She may also be able to help you when you return home. You will need a housekeeper to cook meals and clean up for you. She is a training nurse so could also change your dressings, if that is acceptable?"

"Well that is very kind," said Claudia, realising that some of her problems could be solved. "Let me think on it for a while because this has all come as a bit of a shock."

When the doctor had left, Vittoria uncovered a tray on the trolley to reveal a selection of snacks including cheese, crackers, olives, fish bits and water, coffee and tea. 

Claudia beckoned to Vittoria and in a hushed voice asked, "How long have I been here?" 

"3 days Signora. Is something wrong?" 

"Both my breasts hurt and my bra has been removed -- how did that happen?" Claudia asked.

"When you fell, your upper body landed across the easel, so the bra must have been taken off because of the bruising. To my knowledge they have been more concerned with the wound in your groin and how well it will heal." Vittoria added, "I will ask Marina to bring some special bruise ointment when she comes on duty this afternoon. She can also discuss with you about the house-keeping."

Claudia picked at the food and had a cup of sweet black coffee, after which she relapsed into a more restful sleep. 

She was awakened much later by someone feeling her breasts. "What the ...." she exclaimed.

"Mi scusi Signora, il est Marina." "Do you speak English girl?" asked Claudia. 

"Si Signora, just a little." 

"Then please explain why you are fondling my breasts?" said Claudia.

Marina gave a gay little laugh "Non, Non Signora , I am rubbing on ointment for bad bruises. 

"Hmmmph," uttered Claudia, "well I suppose you had better continue, but be careful as they are very sore and tender. What's in that stuff anyway?"

"Mint, oregano and sorrel steeped in olive oil," said Marina, "it has been used by our family for hundreds of years." She continued to carefully apply the ointment on the ribs under the breasts as well because the whole of Claudia's chest was a deep shade of purple.

Claudia finally relaxed and allowed Marina to finish her administrations; in fact she realised the girl was quite gentle and the treatment was not unpleasant. 

She studied the girl as she bent over her chest. Nice facial features with a natural tan; quite broad shoulders but a reasonably slim body for an Italian; her legs were well shaped and finally her breasts and buttocks were nicely proportioned.

Claudia's analysis was based on her modelling days and when Marina looked up she was surprised by the blue/green eyes and the silky look of her dark, long hair.

The girl was pleasant and deferential but knew her own strengths and talents and she acted naturally. In fact she seemed to be able to anticipate Claudia's needs, although this could be her nursing training. On the face of it Claudia felt the girl would be an excellent house-keeper and once they got to know each other better, could well be good friends.

She had been wondering how to approach Marina about the housekeeping but Marina raised the question in a charming way.

"Signora Claudia, I think they will send you home soon. I know how to change your wound bandage and the 'ospitale will supply dressings to me. They are concerned that you will need proper care and will be confined to your bed for many weeks. My mother, Vittoria suggest I talk to you about your care and if you would find me suitable."

Claudia decided to get some facts before she committed herself. "How old are you Marina?"

"I am having my 19 birthday last month." she replied. 

"What about your social life, boyfriends, nursing studies and transport? Will they interfere with your duties?" Claudia asked.

"No problem Signora; I am too busy for boyfriends. My life is my work and I have a Vespa scooter for transport. But the 'ospitale saying I should be on duty for you 24 hours so they will count that as my experience."

"How would you like to live at my house?" Claudia asked. "I have a spare room with its own bathroom; that would save you daily travel, although you will need to get groceries and the bandages every so often. I will pay you 500 lira per week with free food and bed. Any expenses such as food I will cover. Is that an acceptable arrangement?"

"Oh Si Signora, that would be much easier for me. I could clean, cook and look after you much easier." beamed Marina. And so it was arranged. 

Claudia was transported back home by ambulance after a few more days in hospital and was carefully placed in her bed by the ambulance men, under the strict eye of Marina. 

Once they had left, she lifted Claudia's night gown to check there was no bleeding from the wound in her groin.

She placed a stainless basinet to one side of the bed -- "for your water toilet." she explained. "I have crutches here for solid toilet and will help you. Please do not be offended to ask." 

"Also you will need a shower so when you are ready I will plastic your dressings, except the groin and osso pubico. That will need new dressing and will be easier to remove when wet."

"Osso pubico -- what on earth is that?" asked Claudia.

"Your pubic bone. You will note they had to shave you to attend the wound and you are also badly bruised in that area from contact with pottery vase," said Marina. "We need to set timetable for toilet, treatment, meals, sleeping and your free time." she added.

Claudia laughed "I have all the time in the world, in fact it could get quite boring. Perhaps we can arrange some sort of easel over the bed so that I can at least do some sketches."

Marina was a good cook and also an attentive nurse. Later that day she advised Claudia it was time to change the dressing on her wound, and apply the bruise ointment. She pulled back the covers and rolled up the bottom section of Claudia's night gown to reveal a swollen and bruised groin that extended across her pubic area, including her labia and inside the legs.

She bathed the bandage on the wound with warm water and then gently as she could she pulled it off the skin. The exposed wound was red and angry, about 3 inches long and right in the join of her right leg and the pubic bone. The surrounding area was deep purple from the bruising.

Claudia was propped up in the bed but had difficulty seeing the cut itself, although she was appalled at the extent of the bruising. 

Marina placed a small dressing over the wound before beginning with the ointment. She was very gentle and Claudia experienced only a soft caressing of her most private parts. It was slightly arousing, despite the wound and bruise pain. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back onto the pillow as Marina replaced the small dressing with a slightly larger and waterproof one. 

She unbuttoned the front of the gown and with some difficulty worked it down to Claudia's waist. Then she proceeded to rub the ointment onto the breasts and rib cage. 

Claudia suddenly asked, "How does it make you feel when you are doing that?"

"It makes me sad to see such damage to a beautiful body." said Marina. "I also must remember I am a nurse so my first duty is to make you better."

Then she placed a light sheet over Claudia's body and carefully removed the nightgown -- the difficult part was getting it under Claudia's buttocks without causing undue disturbance to the groin and knee damage. 

"We will take you to the shower soon; you will feel much better. I must wrap this knee with plastic to keep the bandage dry and also your hand." said Marina. 

Once this had been done it was time to get Claudia up off the bed and onto crutches. Claudia was feeling very exposed by her nakedness in front of this young girl but also knew there was no other way to take a shower.

Progress was slow but eventually she was able to sit on the special chair in the shower. Marina used the detachable shower head to wash Claudia's body but in the process got quite wet herself. 

She excused herself for a moment then stood outside the shower to remove her top and skirt. In just her bra and pants she revealed a fantastic body. Then she proceeded to shampoo Claudia's hair. 

Claudia was able to inspect Marina's body quite intimately. Her bra and pants had become soaked through revealing the full impact of her young perfect breasts with dark nipples, as well as her pubic triangle of black hair. 

An idea began to form in her mind about painting this young goddess, but also raised the question of how or where it could be displayed.

After the refreshing shower she was in much better spirits and was now lying in bed naked with just a shoulder shawl for warmth and modesty purposes. She also remembered the doctor was going to call in at some stage soon.

Marina asked if she could make a quick visit into town before preparing a meal for the evening. Claudia nodded OK and then drifted off to sleep. 

She awoke some time later to find Marina at the stove.

"How was your visit to town?" she asked.

"Fine thank you -- I just needed to remind Dr Russo to bring new dressings and bandages and ask him the best way to treat your knee if it is bruised." replied Marina.

"You could have used the phone and saved yourself a trip." said Claudia.

"As you can see I needed clean clothes and some books to study while you sleep." Marina replied, pointing to the books and clothes on a nearby table. Dr Russo said he would call tomorrow because he has been so busy today."

After toilet and a nice meal, Claudia settled back to sleep some more. It was the best way to ignore the pain from her wounds she had discovered.

The doctor arrived mid morning with a surprise. He had brought from the hospital a table on rollers that straddled the bed and on it was a frame structure to hold a sketch pad. Claudia was astounded. How did he know it was just what she needed? 

Then she noticed Marina trying to hide a knowing smirk. So that was the main reason for her visit to town yesterday! She felt a warm glow towards the girl for being so caring.

After Dr Russo had examined her wounds he declared they were beginning to mend nicely. He advised she continue with the ointment as her bruises were changing colour. And he also suggested that within a week or two he would provide a flexible knee restraint that would allow her to sit in a chair.

During the next few weeks Claudia began to sketch - she started with the interior of her room, then proceeded to individual items. As her strength and her resolve returned she began to draw Marina occupied with various housekeeping tasks. 

Finally she decided to try portraits of Marina, although this was difficult as she had to draw from memory, or when Marina was some distance away.

Eventually she was able to wear the knee brace. This made it easier to move of her own free will, especially to the toilet but also to sit in her favourite armchair near the fireplace. The weather was now decidedly colder so Marina's attention to the fire was very welcome.

She also found that Marina was very intelligent and easy to talk to. Many evenings they sat by the fire chatting over a cup of coffee. It was about this time that Claudia asked Marina if she could draw her face.

Marina was pleased that such a well known artist would want to draw her, so readily agreed. They would often discuss the merits or otherwise of Claudia's initial attempts. But with practice she found it was becoming easier to catch the glint in the eye, or the way she held her mouth.

Marina had also taken to the habit of just wearing panties when showering Claudia and eventually Claudia broached the subject of painting her in the nude. 

At first Marina was hesitant, wondering where the pictures would end up, and also that she would not feel comfortable just sitting and posing. She protested that there was too much work to be done around the house.

In the end Claudia's gentle insistence won her over and one evening, while sitting in front of the fire she took off her top so that Claudia could sketch the upper half of her body. Claudia wanted to capture the firelight tones on the curve of the breasts and around the neck area. It took many nights to get it right but finally she agreed to show Marina the result.

"Oh heavens, I look like a model", said Marina, "except my nipples seem too big."

"That is probably caused by the cold." said Claudia with a knowing smile. "Perhaps I should sketch you in the shower where it is much warmer." 

Finally Claudia had been able to express a desire that had been growing within her as a result of Marina's daily ointment treatment. She had to think of something because the bruising had almost disappeared. Marina's soft gentle hands on her breasts and pubic area had stirred up a lot of suppressed desires, but so far she had been able to keep them in check. It had been a long time since she last had any sexual pleasures.

A few days later they were both in the shower, this time Marina was naked except for her brief pants. Claudia could feel her desires growing. She had never had sex with a female before but this body in front of her was tantalising her imagination so much she needed to find out how Marina might react. 

So when she had been rinsed off she said "Now it is my turn to wash you."

Marina's face was full of blushes and there was hesitation in her voice when she said "Signora, you are the first person to ever see me almost naked, and no one has ever touched me before. But I think you are full of kindness and I would like to feel your hand on my body."

Claudia sighed, took up a soap laden sponge and began to soap Marina's back. She worked her way down slowly to the buttocks but bypassed them to soap the legs. 

She worked her way up from the feet to the inside of each thigh then brought the sponge to her backside. Allowing some of the soap to fill her hand, she dropped the sponge and began soaping the round cheeks, every so often running her hand between the legs onto the thighs.

She then picked up the sponge and asked Marina to turn around. She noticed straight away that Marina's nipples had grown a bit harder and when she started to use the sponge on the breasts, they became fully taught. 

Dropping the sponge she used her hand to wipe away the soapy residue, and allowed the palm of her hand to brush across each nipple in turn. This made Marina shiver with delight, so putting all pretence aside Claudia began to fondle the breasts in turn, cupping each one in turn with her right hand and rubbing the nipple with her thumb. 
