 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

*

When we bought our house my wife and I knew it was the scourge of the neighborhood. Everyone on the street was glad we were fixing the place up. It had been a rental for years and the police had taken the tenants away in handcuffs more than once. A past like that can be a problem. It was for us. For the first year we lived there dealers, addicts and worse would show up at our door at odd hours. One guy who was out of his mind on meth was convinced we'd ripped him off and he wanted his money back. He came by again and again. More than once he stood out front screaming and pounding on the door. One night he threw rocks at the house so I called the cops to come take him to jail. 

To protect us I got us a very big dog and put in security cameras. That way we knew whatever happened, there would be recordings to show the cops what was going on. The cameras stopped a lot of the trash from coming around, but the cameras also paid off in a way I never expected.

My wife was in a modern dance company. They toured the country often and held auditions for new members when they weren't on the road. Hopeful dancers who preformed well were called back for a second round of auditions. They had to be in town for a week and the ones from out of town usually needed a place to stay. Members of the company would take them in while they auditioned. It gave the company a chance to size them up both in and out of rehearsal, and see what they were like socially. We did it more than once, and the dancers were nice to have around. 

I never complained. Let's face it what guy doesn't like looking at long-legged fit classy women who love to show off their bodies? I was all for it. But I had no idea how good it could be until two girls from my wife's alma mater came to try out. Theresa and Jessie were lovely and a lot of fun. It was great. I had three elegant, attractive girls lounging around the pool and sleeping in my house each night. On the third day of their visit I overheard Theresa and my wife in the kitchen. Theresa asked her, "We didn't bother you last night did we?'

"No. Not a bit."

I heard Theresa let out a long sigh. "That's a relief. Jessie and I haven't been together very long and she gets kind of loud sometimes. I was worried it might be a problem after the noise she made last night."

'Wow.' I thought, 'Theresa and Jessie are a couple. That's news to me.'

Theresa stopped before she left the kitchen and asked, "Are you guys okay with us or do we need to cool it 'til we get home?"

My wife laughed and said, "We're okay, honey. Just don't be offended if Nick asks to join you." 

"Well, if it's okay with you, we'd both love it. Just 'cause I eat pie, it doesn't mean I don't like a little meat now and them too."

"No way. If you two get a hold of him, there's no telling what it would take for me to get him to back again. He's mine and mine alone, girl."

I ducked into my study quickly to avoid being seen. Sitting and staring at the computer on my desk I kept thinking how hot it would be to join them or see them in action. As I sat there the darkness outside triggered the security lights to come on. Security lights-security cameras! I opened the security camera controls for the corner of the house. Normally it was set to catch someone outside, but when I hit pan it had a perfect view of the front bedroom. I prayed the girls would leave the window open to let in the cool night air and they did! The camera had a perfect view of the room and a great angle of their bed. The extra money I'd spent for high-end cameras with pan, tilt, multiple control settings and night vision was so worth it. 

Jessie was in their room stretched out on the bed wearing a black lace thong. Her firm breasts sat high on her chest just begging to be kissed and nibbled on. The swimsuit she'd worn in the pool was tiny. But she must not have been wearing it sunbathing because she had a perfectly smooth tan all-over. Her dark hair was fanned out on the bed. She ran her hands up and down her body and squirmed like she wanted some attention right away. 

The door opened to the hall and I could see all the way down to our bedroom door as Theresa stepped inside. "You starting without me?" she asked.

"No, Baby. Just lying here thinking about you."

"That sounds good. Are what were you thinking about?"

"How you're gonna touch me and hold me-how you're gonna tease me and love me." Jessie slid her hands up and down her body and she spoke. Her body flexed under her touch. "Don't you wanna come over here and show me what you're gonna do?"

"No. Not yet. I want to just sit here and watch you for a while." Theresa slipped out of her clothes and was sat on the edge of the bureau. Long and lean, her body was similar to Jessie's. Her short blonde pixie-cut hair gave her a sweet innocent look. As she perched on the edge of the dresser, her hands began to mirror Jessie's. Both girls stroked their bodies gently, ran their fingertips up and down their thighs, dangerously close to their moistening panties. Two pair of firm little breasts heaved as their manipulations intensified. "I told Jacqueline that I'd keep you in control tonight," Theresa said.

"Do you think you can?" Jessie said, taunting her.

"If I can't than I'll get Nick down here to help." As she said that, both girls slipped their hands down over their flat bellies and into their tiny panties. 

"Oh, you gonna let him fuck me, Baby? I thought you were gonna fuck me tonight."

"I don't know yet. Do you want me to fuck you? Are you sure you want it? 'Cause if you want it, I'll give it to you." Theresa got up and let the last wisp of lace she was wearing fall to the floor at her feet. She kept fingering her pussy, but now she looked like a singer on stage with her legs spread wide and her hand grabbing her crotch. 

Jessie's breathing and intensity of her masturbation increased as she panted, out her desire for more. "Please fuck me, Baby. You know how I like a big hard cock in me sometimes. You fuck me so good. Don't make me beg."

I was so focused on Jessie's display that I didn't even notice Theresa getting a strap on ready to use. She'd already slipped into the harness for it and was standing over Jessie when she laid the short end of it against Jessie's panting mouth. "Get it wet for my pussy," she ordered.

Jessie licked and sucked the little cock, like she was starved for it. Then she dove into her girlfriend's pussy and made sure she was wet enough to take it. Theresa stood there with her legs spread wide and fucked Jessie's face. From my point of view she could have been a tall thin man feeding his cock to his girl as she lay on the bed before him. It was a thrill to watch. 

When she'd had enough Theresa stepped back and slid the short end of the strap-on into her slit. Jessie threw her legs up and slid off her panties before she lay back with her legs spread wide on the bed. Her wet cunt was an easy target for the cock that protruded from Theresa's groin. Theresa dipped her fingers into Jessie's little honey pot and spread her wetness up and down the shaft. "You want some of this? You ready for it?"

"Oh, hell yeah. Give it to me."

Theresa climbed on the bed and gave her girlfriend a tender kiss as she slid the cock in deep. Jessie's cry was muffled by their kiss. They lay still for a moment, both poised for action, but holding back. Theresa slowly drew the shaft out and then forcefully began to fuck Jessie's little pussy. The bed groaned with them as they slammed together. 

Just then a soft knock came at my door. I was going to get caught by my wife with my cock throbbing in my pants and our guests fucking on the screen in front of me. My hands flew to the keyboard and closed the camera window as I opened a spreadsheet. 

"Honey? What are you working on so late?" Jacqueline asked as she stuck her head in the door. 

I knew if I turned around she would see my cock straining to be free. I didn't know what else to say so I told her the truth. Well-I told her part of the truth. Waving at the figures in front of me I said, "I have no idea what I'm looking at on the screen right now, Babe." Turning toward her I grabbed my hard cock through my pants and said, "All I can think about is getting your cute little ass into bed."

"What are we waiting for then? Take me to bed-right now."

As I fucked her I kept thinking about what the security recording would show me the next day. I'm going to have to reset the camera on our bedroom window and maybe add a few inside too.