 Carl was on a late shift, so I was sitting at my kitchen table drinking an early evening glass of wine and deep in thought when Yvonne came breezing in through my back door.

'I've ordered those things we were talking about, Debs.' She said brightly. 'And a couple of other things as well.' 

'What things?' I asked vaguely, trying to get my brain into gear.

'The things we were on about when I was here before.' She frowned. 'You know.'

'Sorry, I was miles away.' I told her truthfully, of course I knew once I'd got my mind working again. Sex toys were what she meant, sex toys that she'd decided to buy the last time she was here.

'You've not got them already have you?'

'No, sorry Debs.' She made a face, and then grinned mischievously. 'Well, I have got one of them, it came this morning.'

I couldn't help but smile back. As a recently separated woman with rapidly growing frustration she had asked my advice on what vibrators to buy a few days before. That had led to me showing her my collection and then on to us watching each other using a couple of them. 

But that wasn't all. Before I could stop her she'd delved into my toy drawer and unearthed a secret that Carl and I had hidden from the world. Carl is a submissive, almost to the point of being an outright masochist, and she found a spanking paddle and nipple clamps, along with one or two other things - including a strap-on dildo that had got her somewhat confused. When I'd explained that Carl liked me to use it on him and not the other way around she asked me why not and so I had to describe his fetish. I can't remember a more embarrassing moment, but Yvonne was non-judgemental and simply accepted what I told her. I also made it clear that I wasn't naturally dominant, far from it; in fact I often wished Carl would at least take the lead from time to time. She took all that without comment except for suggesting that maybe I'd like her to use the dildo on me some time so that I could experience it for myself that way. That idea came as a complete shock, but it triggered a sudden longing in me and in the end we actually did more than that, we used it on each other. When she left that evening she had said that she was going to buy some toys of her own that we both might have some fun with, and they were the ones she was referring to. 

'Anyway.' She asked, suddenly serious. 'What were you looking so thoughtful about?'

'Just something Carl was talking about.' 

I waved her question away, but Yvonne was having none of it.

'Are you going to tell me, or do I get the thumbscrews out?'

I knew it was no use arguing, she'd simply keep on asking until I gave in. I summoned up my nerve and launched into an explanation.

'You know that Carl likes me to do things to him?' I asked, fully aware that she did. 'You know, things that are a bit kinky?'

She nodded but said nothing.

'Well, one thing he likes me to do before we have sex is to tie him face down on the bed and then paddle his bottom with that leather spanker you found last time. After that he likes me to dribble molten candle wax all over the back of his legs and across his back. That gets him really turned on, enough so that he's ready for me to peg him with that strap-on dildo we used. But you know about that.'

'I didn't know about the tying to the bed bit, or the candle wax for that matter.' She corrected me. 'So what's the problem?'

'He wants to take it further, and I'm not sure I can cope.' I told her.

'So what does he want you to do?'

'He wants to buy a whip and get me to whip him whilst he's tied to the bed.' I answered. 'And he means a proper whip too, no one of those silly toy things, but one that will leave real stripes on his back.'

'Are you not up for that?' She asked. 'I mean, if he's silly enough to want you to hurt him and pain gets him randy, then why not oblige and get a good shag out of it? If he was my partner I'd tan his hide as hard as I could.'

'Well no, to be honest I'm not.' I frowned. 'I'm not really either the dominant or the sadistic sort. I don't get anything out of hurting him, in fact I wish it was the other way around and he was tying me to the bed, although I wouldn't want to go as far as he does.'

The truth is that I wouldn't mind a just little pain sometimes. I find the idea something of a turn on and sometimes I use nipple clamps on myself when I'm playing on my own. I'm more into being made helpless though really, so being tied to the bed is more my thing. I just wish Carl would think of my needs sometimes but he can't seem to understand that I'd like him to dominate me, even if just occasionally.

'If that's the case can't you just tell him to do it to you, and how far you want him to go?' Yvonne asked, looking puzzled.

'No, not really.' I told her. 'It wouldn't work. I want him to be in charge, not me doing it by proxy.'

'No, I can see that.' She frowned, but then brightened suddenly, her eyes sparkling mischievously. 'But if you fancy having wax dripped onto you and having your bottom spanked. I could always oblige. I mean, I don't mind being in control.'

'No Vonnie, I don't think so.' I told her, wondering if she might be serious and getting an unexpected kick from the thought of it. 'Nice of you to offer, but no.'

'Shame, let me know if you change your mind.'

My god, she was being serious!

'Meanwhile, I hope you're in the mood for this.'

I looked across quickly as she spoke, just in time to see her produce a rabbit vibrator from her bag. The moment I saw it I knew what she had in mind and a quick shiver of anticipation shot through me. That was something I was in the mood for, and all thoughts of Carl and his masochistic tendencies went straight out of my head.

'Talk about a rabbit from a hat.' I giggled.

'Yep, and it's been sterilised and batteried up ready to go.' She waved them in front of me. 'What do you say?'

I pretended to be puzzled. 'But we've been there with mine haven't we?'

'No.' She smiled triumphantly. 'It's very different to yours.'

I looked at her curiously, waiting for her to explain and knowing for sure that she would. Now that I'd taken more notice I could see that the shaft was different.

'Well you see, on this one.' She held her new toy up. 'As well as vibrating it lengthens and shortens so that it thrusts into you. So what do you think?'

'I've got something that thrusts or it's supposed to, it's called a husband.'

We both collapsed into a fit of giggles, both from what had been said but also from trepidation for what we knew we were going to do. We'd only experimented for the first time a few days before and it was all very new to us both. I guess we'd both known that first time wouldn't, couldn't, be the only time we'd have fun together, but the imminent reality of it turned us both into giggling schoolgirls. Eventually we pulled ourselves together enough for Yvonne to point a finger up towards the bedroom and for me to nod yes.

'Are we going to strip off this time?' I asked her uncertainly when we got there.

'Place the responsibility on me, why don't you?' She grumbled with a grin. 'I hope so, because I've got something in mind and that needs us both to undress.'

'Oh? So what have you got in mind?' I asked, smiling as she handed me her new vibrator. I took it without even thinking about it.

'Well Debs, what I was thinking.' She said slowly, teasing me. 'Is how about instead of using it on ourselves we use it on each other?'

For a moment my mind baulked at the idea, even though it made me shudder again with another unexpected surge of desire. I wanted to say yes, but it seemed just a bit too far for two supposedly straight women to go. But then I thought about us using the strap-on dildo on each other only a day or two ago and that hadn't seemed too far at the time. I hesitated for just another fraction of a second before agreeing.

'All right, why not?'

'Good. Get your things off then.'

We undressed, smiling nervously at each other. The last time we'd been here we had moved towards this point in almost unnoticed stages, but this time we were going straight to where we would end up and that wasn't so easy. I didn't mind undressing for Yvonne, I can be a bit of an exhibitionist at the best of times, but it seemed a bit premeditated and I had to push myself to strip completely. But in the end I forced my qualms away and stripped alongside her. But then the moment Yvonne's panties came off I noticed something and I forgot my shyness completely. Perhaps I shouldn't have been looking, but I was.

'You've shaved.' I exclaimed on spotting her newly smooth pussy.

She nodded. 'Yes, I've copied you, it looked so much sexier. And anyway when I had that dildo strapped on the last time it kept catching and pulling my hairs, so I figured I'd get rid of them in case we wanted to use it again any time.'

I hadn't had that trouble; I shaved all the time, but I could see how it would happen.

'It looks nice.' I told her, registering a kind of vague hope that she hadn't done it in vain. At least now I knew she wanted us to do it again sometime. Maybe we would use the dildo again, I kind of hoped so, but right then it was vibrator time. 

A lovely picture of her with the pink plastic against the pale skin of her shaven labia had jumped into my mind and all of a sudden definitely I wanted to use the vibrator on her, and then as if she had guessed my thoughts she promptly climbed onto the bed and lay down on her back. 

'I want to go first.' She told me when I gazed at her curiously. 'After all it is my vibrator.'

Her choice suited me and so I checked the buttons on the vibe just to make sure I knew what button did what and that it worked okay. It did, with the strong steady buzz of a new toy, the shaft went up and down and the rabbit ears vibrated just the way they should. I climbed onto the bed to kneel beside her legs, intent on ensuring she enjoyed it.

'Open up.' I instructed, my nervousness making me abnormally abrupt.

She did as I asked, threading her nearest leg behind me so that I was effectively kneeling between them. Once again I realised just why men love to gaze at a woman's pussy. I stared at her without the distraction of her bush, seeing it as if for the first time. Yvonne has quite fleshy outer labia and long inner ones; I could almost imagine them as bat wings wrapped around her prominent clitoris. But not right then, her pussy was wide open and glistening wetly, both because of her wide spread position and from the fact that she was totally turned on.

'Like what you see?' She asked, making me jump self-consciously.

'Sorry.' I apologised. 'But it really looks good shaved.' I'd said it without thinking, but it was true. To my eyes her pussy seemed so much nicer than my own. I had to fight down a sudden urge to run stroking fingers down her naked labia.

'Well thank you kind lady. Now for Christ's sake do something with it.' Her arousal was making her sound equally brusque.

I wondered for a moment how she wanted me to start, but she hadn't said anything and so I just switched the vibrator on low without making it thrust or making the rabbits ears vibrate. Then I leaned over to begin. 

It was so unlike what I was used to that I wasn't sure what to do, and it wasn't just because of the different functions of the toy. For one thing when I use a vibrator on myself I'm reaching down, but now I was reaching forward and that was strangely different. I wanted to be sure I did it right and so my first touch against her was very, very tentative, and her gasp as the tip came into contact with her clit made me jump back in alarm.

'Do it Debs.' She frowned. 'It won't hurt me.'

'Sorry.' I muttered, and tried again.

This time I got it right and her response only served to stimulate me more. Her eyes went wide and she gripped at the sheets, her mouth forming a silent 'yessss' as I ran the blunt tip of the vibrator very slowly up and down her slit, watching as it pushed between her pussy lips. For a minute or two that was all I did, letting the tip glide from her perineum to her clit and back, but then I found her entrance with the tip and slowly inserted it into her, still not touching her clit with the rabbit ears. I watched it disappearing into her, turned on more by knowing that soon she'd be seeing that same sight with me. I turned up the vibrations a little more and started to slide it in and out of her, using it just like a standard vibrator. It wasn't enough.

'C'mon Debs.' She whispered huskily. 'Try it out on me properly.'

I kind of wanted to tease her some more, but I did what she wanted if only to make sure I didn't jeopardise my turn afterwards. I pushed it right inside her so that the ears were pressing against her clit, and then I turned them on full, listening to her gasps for a minute or so before I pressed the button to make it thrust up and down inside her.

'Ohh, oh my god, that's good.' She gasped, her eyes going wide with surprise. 'That's awesome. It's better than a cock any day! Is it full on?'

I wasn't sure about it being better than a cock, but it was clearly having the right effect on Yvonne.

'Why, how much more could you take?' I asked her, hungrily watching her clit vibrating under the gadget's little ears.

'Not much.' She agreed with a grin. 'God, I love how it's fucking me.'

She didn't say any more so I kept the vibe pressed into her and watched as she reacted to it. Her face took on a look of deep concentration and she began to bite her lower lip in between tiny gasps of pleasure. Her hips started to twitch and she grabbed at her own breast, squeezing it hard. I smiled to myself, remembering that was exactly what she had done as a climax crept up on her our first time. Soon she was really mauling her breast, her gasps were becoming louder and her pelvis began to lift from the bed as she tried to work the vibrator further inside. Then her gasps turned into little whimpers and all of her sudden she went completely stiff, all her muscles tensing as she came. 

I turned off the vibrator and then gently withdrew it as she came down from her climax, letting her sprawl on the bed with her chest heaving. And Yvonne wasn't the only one who was breathing heavily, seeing her in the throes of an orgasm that I'd given her had made me even randier than before.

'My god, I'm getting to love those little things.' She panted as she waved loosely at the vibrator I was still holding. 'I thought you were going to tease me forever.' She added.

'I was.' I nodded. 'But then I figured you'd only get your revenge when it was my turn.'

'I might do that anyway.' She grinned, and then her expression changed. 'But I've got to ask you something first. Out of curiosity, when you tie Carl to the bed, how do you do it? I mean it isn't a brass bedstead kind of bed, so where do you tie him to?'

It isn't, it's a straight forward divan with a simple padded headboard, but that didn't matter.

'We've got some straps that go under the bed and have Velcro loops at the end to fasten around his wrists and ankles.'

'Where do you keep them, in there?' She asked, climbing clumsily from the bed and pointing to the small chest of drawers I have beside it and in which she knew I kept my own toy selection.

'No, it's such a job threading them under the bed that we leave them hidden under here.' I leaned down and lifted the edge of the valance to show her the end of a rolled up restraint strap.

I should have seen it coming, I really should have seen it coming, but maybe I was so turned on that my brain had turned off.

'You said you want them used on you, didn't you?' She asked, her eyebrows lifting questioningly. 'So why don't I strap you down whilst I use the vibrator on you? Then you'll know if you like it or not before you get someone to use candle wax and spanking paddles or whatever on you, won't you?'

I think I went white, and then bright red as I tried to deny the surge of sheer excitement the idea gave me. I didn't need to experience it to find out if I'd like it; I already knew that I would and I suddenly wanted it very badly. I really wanted to be made helpless while someone did things to me. I'd never thought of it being anyone other than Carl, but why not Yvonne? She was far more assertive than he'd ever be. It was just if my nerves would let me.

'I'm not sure I dare.' I told her.

'Yes you dare, and you know you want to. And I promise to let you go the minute you ask me to if you don't like it.' If she hadn't given me that get out clause I might just have been able to resist.

'Promise?'

'Absolutely.'

I didn't say anything; I daren't in case it came out as 'no'. Instead I just handed her the vibrator that I was still holding and lay down, my head up near then headboard and my arms and legs stretched wide like a human starfish. I looked up at her, waiting and wanting.

It didn't take Yvonne long to have me immobilized, she quickly unrolled the straps and fastened them around my wrists and ankles. I'm smaller than Carl and so my arms, and especially my legs, had to be spread almost uncomfortably wide for the straps to reach, but I didn't care and very soon I was completely powerless and totally vulnerable. My heart was hammering with a mixture of exhilaration and fear.

'You know something?' She asked, toying with the new vibrator and smiling playfully. 'I could have done with those nipple clamps we had last time. So I think I'll get them out just in case you need them.'

'No Vonnie, don't, I won't need them.' I didn't really want her delving into my toy drawer again, but she was taking no notice whatever. 

'What's this?' She asked, pulling out what looked like a wire cylinder.

'It's a cock cage.' I answered. I didn't mind her knowing about that because for once its use suited both me and Carl. 'It stops him getting a hard on when he watches me play with myself.'

'Do you know, I learn more about you every day.' Yvonne gazed down at my spread-eagled body. 'You enjoy being watched?' 

'Yes.' I admitted reluctantly. 

'I take it these are the candles you melt over him, are they?' She had fished out three part used red pillar candles. 'You know, the ones you'd like to try yourself?'

'I didn't say that. Put them back.'

She replaced them in the drawer with a grin. 

'Ah, here they are.' She finally found the clamps and placed them on top of the chest. But she had found something else too. 

'Is it you or Carl who likes to be blindfolded?' She asked, dangling a black mask in front of her.

'I use it on Carl.' I told her, reddening again.

'And I'm going to use it on you.' She stated, advancing towards me with it. 

I opened my mouth to complain, but somehow I knew it would fall on deaf ears, and in any case the idea of total blind helplessness was appealing. I raised my head to let her put it on me, closing my eyes as the blindfold slid into place.

I felt her sit beside me and then I heard the vibrator start up. I had no idea what she intended, but I instinctively wanted to open my legs further for her even though they were already held as wide as they could go.

'Ready for heaven?'

'This sort of heaven - yes. But not the painful type.' I trusted her, but I had to say it.

She leaned over my leg, and I was overwhelmingly conscious of the feel of her body touching my naked thigh. But nice as it was, it was nothing to the delicious feel of that little buzzing plastic cylinder as it found my pussy. I remember I let out a quick harsh gasp as Yvonne first dragged it softly along my slit. Christ but it felt good, especially as I knew I couldn't do a damn thing to prevent it. Being completely immobilised and sightless like that and having to just submit to whatever someone else wanted to do to your most intimate bits is the most awesome sensation I have ever experienced. Even without the lovely feel of the sex toy she was wielding it was electrifying.
