 Elizabeth Jones woke at 6.29am as usual, precisely 1 minute before her alarm clock was due to perform its now pointless task. Her meticulous morning routine swung into action. Stretching herself to remove the last remnants of sleep, she removed her long cotton nightdress, donned her towelling robe and proceeded to the bathroom. Although not conscious of the precise details, if she had taken the time to analyse her actions she would undoubtedly have been delighted to know that the start to every working day was virtually identical. She brushed her teeth with the same number of strokes, showered for the same number of minutes, tied up her hair in the same way and returned to her bedroom at precisely 6.45am. 

At 42 years of age, and having lived alone since her mother died, 6 years ago, she had slid into a way of life which suited her. Had a husband or lover been watching her as she dressed, they would have seen a woman whom they would have considered shapely and attractive. She was 5'4, with a still firm 36 C bust and she kept herself trim with a sensible but not obsessive diet and just enough moderate exercise. But, of course there was no husband or lover to make such an observation (and they would certainly not have approved of her conservative choice of plain white cotton underwear, tights and shapeless calf length navy blue dress)

An hour after rising she left the house and made her way to the bus stop and caught the number 34 to work. Work, for Elizabeth Jones, was St Saviour's High School for Girls, where she taught English and occasionally helped to coach the senior girls' hockey team. Arriving at 8.00am precisely she made polite conversation with the other members of staff, with who she was generally on good terms, while organising her lesson plans for the day. Most of the other members of the Staff Room considered Elizabeth to be a little aloof but admired her professionalism. 

Elizabeth herself was happy to keep her home and work life entirely separate and did not encourage mixing outside school hours. When the first class bell rang at 8.30am, she made her way to her allotted classroom and began her Thursday timetable.

The day that followed was entirely predictable and by the time 4.30pm arrived Elizabeth was weary and looked forward to a quiet evening. Catching the bus home, she arrived in time to watch the early evening news on TV before making an evening meal of lamb casserole. As she settled down with a glass of wine and a historical novel to read, the evening, like her day, and indeed week, seemed much like any other in her usual existence. 

At 8.30pm the phone rang. As she answered, she expected another family update from her brother, or possibly her friend Margaret to invite her out at the weekend. Instead, a woman's voice that she had heard many times before but not for a long time, said just one word; "Tomorrow". In the split second between hearing the word and the phone line going dead, Elizabeth's orderly and regimented world totally unravelled and she began to tremble. But as a testament to the strength of the woman, by the time she had washed up her meal, made a hot drink and readied herself for bed an hour later, she had recovered her composure enough to think clearly, in preparation for the following day at school and what lay in store for her afterwards.

By 6.29am the following morning, precisely 1 minute before her alarm clock was once again due to perform its pointless task, Elizabeth had already been up for an hour because her morning routine had been so rudely altered by the telephone call the previous evening. The imaginary husband or lover who may have been watching her as she dressed the previous day would have been much more interested in her choice of underwear as she dressed on this occasion! However, the girls at St Saviours that Friday would scarcely imagine what Miss Jones was wearing under the usual shapeless dress with which she covered herself. Her reputation in the classroom as a likeable but entirely sexless spinster was, in essence, deserved but then neither the girls nor almost anyone else knew her secret. 

As she sat on the bus that morning she tried to concentrate on her days teaching but hard as tried, she could not help thinking back to the days, over 20 years ago, that her life changed, forever.............................................

Elizabeth had been brought up in a small Welsh village at a time when the outside world had made little impression on the power of the local Methodist Chapel and village school to shape the destiny of children. Her father had been tragically killed in a mining accident when she was just 3 and her mother had brought her up in virtual seclusion. By the age of 18 she had done well enough in school to have earned a place at college where she trained to be a teacher. It was at college, away from her sheltered home life, that it dawned on her for the first time that there was far more to life than going to church on Sunday and reading books. Having said that, she didn't exactly embrace the traditional wild student lifestyle in the same way as many of her fellow students did. But she did enjoy making new friends, particularly Katie, her flat mate at the college hall of residence. After a few weeks they had become pretty close and Katie began to encourage the shy girl to go out more and enjoy college life

One thing that Elizabeth did take to was the occasional glass of wine and it wasn't long until an evening out ended in Elizabeth arriving home very flushed and merry with the unfamiliar effects of alcohol, while Katie was in a much worse state. Elizabeth helped her friend onto her bed and then went into the bathroom to undress and get ready for bed. When she came back she found Katie giggling helplessly and making a complete mess of unbuttoning her dress in her drunken state. Elizabeth's sense of duty to a friend overcame her initial inhibitions regarding her friend's behaviour. She helped her unbutton the dress and it fell to the floor but being drunk she then lost her balance again and fell back on the bed dragging Elizabeth on top of her. The two friends were soon laughing together and as they lay there next to each other they told each other more of their life stories. 

Katie was tall, slim and obviously very attractive to the guys at the college. Although from a similar background to Elizabeth, Katie had sampled a few more of life's pleasures, including pleasures of the flesh with the local boys and wasted no time in filling in a bemused Elizabeth. 

So far, Elizabeth had avoided any kind of contact with the opposite sex, largely because she wondered what all the fuss was about as the boys she had met at school had been either bullies or stupid and she had ignored them. In truth Elizabeth just hadn't felt that men held much interest and hadn't begun to consider the kind of intimacies that most girls of her age had already discovered. 

Katie found it hard to believe her new found friend was quite so innocent but with the wine having its effect she was soon telling her about the various ways her boyfriend had pleasured her before she had split with him several months before. For her part, Elizabeth listened in amazement. Her religious upbringing had not prepared her for such open conversations and she felt a curious mixture of guilt and excitement at discussing such things. 

Katie did shock her when she suddenly announced that she was now very horny after talking about it and wishing she had a man around to satisfy her. 

Elizabeth was feeling quite confused herself by that point and didn't know what to say but didn't want to appear rude so she gave her friend a hug, made excuses about being tired and tucked herself up in her own bed. But having moved to her bed she could not sleep. A combination of the warm glow from the wine and her continued mixed feelings about the conversation with Katie kept her awake. She watched her friend, now asleep, on the bed where she had left her as the light from the street outside dimly lit her near naked body. 

Katie lay there in just her bra and panties and Elizabeth couldn't help remembering the soft feel of her skin as they snuggled up together. She imagined Katie making love to her boyfriend as she had been describing moments earlier. For the first time in her life Elizabeth felt the full stirrings of lust as the delicious tingling sensation between her legs took hold of her. She felt her nipples stiffen against the cotton nightdress and she bit her lip in confusion as her mind raced over what was happening to her. At that moment a distant church clock chimed at midnight, and as if by fate Elizabeth was reminded of her religious faith and of the sinful nature of her feelings. She sat up in bed, went to the kitchen for a glass of water and then, feeling much more in control of herself, she returned to bed determined to sleep and forget her brief encounter with lustful thoughts. She must have been successful because it was many hours later that she was woken by the slightest of noises from across the room. 

Opening her eyes slowly she looked across and saw that Katie was now lying on her back. Her head was to one side, looking towards Elizabeth but her eyes were closed. She had unfastened her bra and her small firm breasts swayed slightly as she wriggled on the bed, her fingers rolling her swollen nipples. Another muted gasp escaped her lips and Elizabeth narrowed her eyes, unable to stop watching her friend but fearful she would be caught peeping. 

Katie had woken an hour earlier, still feeling horny from the night before. She lay awake listening to the sound of Elizabeth's breathing and remembered their closeness the night before. Katie had never been particularly sexually attracted to women before but there was something about Elizabeth's complete innocence, combined with her own lack of recent sex and the alcohol she had recently consumed that made the thought of her extremely arousing. Despite the fact that the two girls were only six feet apart, Katie could not resist the urge to masturbate, having laid awake for ages convincing herself that her friend was in a deep sleep. She was in desperate need of release.

Fascinated, Elizabeth watched as Katie moved one hand down between her legs and pressed firmly, cupping her pubic mound and pressing the lacy fabric of her panties into her moist slit. As if teasing herself, she caressed her inner thighs and rubbed herself through the panties until she could obviously stand it no longer and she slipped her hand under the panties and began to stroke herself firmly and rhythmically along the length of her lips. Elizabeth's heart was pounding as she saw her friend slide the panties down her thighs exposing her most intimate places. Elizabeth herself had a full bush of pubic hair, as it had never occurred to her to trim it or shave it for any purpose. Therefore she was even more surprised when Katie's shaven mound came into view with just a tiny soft patch of blond hair above her slit. She could see the moisture on her friend's fingers reflecting in the soft light through the window as she slid them into her mound ever faster. Her breathing became ever louder and soon Katie removed her hand from her breasts and covered her mouth in an obvious effort to muffle the rising sounds of passion as her orgasm approached. With her other hand now concentrating on her clit she was soon arching her back as she came, squeezing her thighs together to maximize the delicious feelings pulsing in waves through her slippery pussy. 

After a few minutes, Katie's breathing slowly returned to normal as she pulled up her panties, assumed a foetal position and curled up facing Elizabeth, blissfully relaxed and satisfied. She glanced over at her once more before she feel asleep, unaware that her innocent new flat mate had witnessed everything and was lying in bed with eyes now squeezed tight shut, trying to come to terms with what she had just seen.

When Katie woke up, late the following morning, there was no sign of Elizabeth. In fact there was no sign of her all day and for most of the following week. Elizabeth made fleeting appearances at meal times but said little and was always in bed and asleep by the time Katie got in from her usual evenings out in a local bar or disco. It seemed that their growing friendship had hit the rocks. By the following Sunday morning she was determined to talk to Elizabeth and find out what was going on.  She had a hell of a hangover after another Saturday night's drinking and went for a soak in the bath. After about half an hour she heard the door open and assumed Elizabeth had returned. Stepping out of the bath she dried herself off and wrapped herself in a towel before returning to their room. 

Elizabeth was in the kitchen and looked as if she was preparing lunch. She was dressed in a plain black skirt and light blue blouse with her hair up in her usual bun. 

Katie asked how she was feeling, trying to start any kind of conversation which might lead to the cause of Elizabeth's moody behaviour but Elizabeth just said "fine"and carried on chopping vegetables. Clearly she was not in a chatty mood and to be honest neither was Katie. Her head was still pounding, so she just sat on her bed and listened to her favourite Rolling Stones tape, happy to let Elizabeth take her turn with the lunch and wait for another opportunity. 

Elizabeth's mind was in turmoil. In the eight days since she had watched her friend pleasure herself she had felt every emotion, from guilt to lust, disgust to desire and back again during every waking hour. She had been to church twice, determined to confront her sin, but despite praying for hours she was utterly unable to remove from her mind either the image Katie's naked body writhing in pleasure, or the flood of emotions which the image summoned in her head. Unable to face talking to anyone about such intimate things she was permanently close to tears and had avoided contact with Katie and her other friends for the whole week. 

Now, just seeing Katie's long legs sticking out from the towel as she sat on her bed was enough to set her thoughts racing again. Suddenly the carrot she was peeling slipped from her hand and the knife sliced into her thumb cutting her deeply. She screamed in surprise and all the inner turmoil burst out as she collapsed on the floor in floods of tears and pain. 

Katie rushed into the kitchen, grabbed a cloth and quickly wrapped up the thumb to stop the bleeding. She helped her sobbing flat mate onto the bed and just sat with her arm around her waiting for her to calm down. It was obvious from Elizabeth's reactions that there was more going on than just a cut thumb, so she waited patiently for Elizabeth to stop crying. 

For Elizabeth, the current situation only seemed to make matters worse! Here she was, once again in close contact with her friend, wrapped in just a towel and arousing her emotions in all the wrong ways once again. Things could not go on like this and as there was no way she could discuss it with family or her church friends, she resolved to tell Katie her secret and risk ending their friendship forever as the only way out of her dilemma. 

Sensing her friend was at last getting a grip on herself Katie passed her a box of tissues to dry her tears. She hugged her and asked what the matter was. 

As desperate as Elizabeth was to unburden herself, she hardly knew where to begin but taking a deep breath she described to her friend what she had seen on the night they had been drunk. She expected a furious reaction from Katie for spying on her. Although they shared a room with two beds she could and should have looked away rather than take advantage and watch her drunken friend's intimate display. So when Katie just giggled and blushed but said nothing, Elizabeth was even more confused. 

After what seemed like an age Katie leaned over, smiled, kissed her friend on the cheek and said 

"Elizabeth, we need to talk!" 

With that she got up and poured them both a glass of wine.

Elizabeth was much relieved that she hadn't ruined her friendship with Katie and although still confused she felt relaxed enough to tell Katie again how sorry she was. Katie laughed. 

"Don't be so silly" she said. "Actually I find it quite a turn on to know you were watching. I was very horny that night and had an incredibly intense orgasm so I hope you enjoyed the show!"

Elizabeth blushed an even deeper shade of red and said nothing so, playfully, Katie decided to quiz her further. 

"Well, did you enjoy it? How did it make you feel? I bet you played with yourself after watching me didn't you!" 

Still Elizabeth sat there saying nothing, looking down at the floor and sipping her wine.

Katie decided it was time to get bolder. Remembering the events of the previous week had made her horny again and there was something about this girl which both intrigued and aroused her. 

"Honey, you are 18 years old! Surely you must have been horny enough at some point in life to discover the pleasures of masturbating by now?"

After another gulp of wine Elizabeth took a deep breath and her thoughts all began to pour out as if a dam had burst. She told Katie how she had been feeling confused and guilty since that night. Her religious upbringing had taught her nothing about sex, except that it was sinful to have lustful thoughts and that sexual pleasure was forbidden unless you were married. She had been to church several times and prayed constantly since watching Katie pleasure herself but had been unable to rid her mind of the thoughts, which had only increased her sense of sinfulness and shame. She fully expected Katie to despise her as a pervert but Katie just smiled and put her arm round her and assured her she was still her friend and that sexual arousal was a natural feeling not a sin at all. 

As she felt Elizabeth's body relax into her Katie knew that the wine and relief of the confession had made her intended seduction of this innocent girl much easier and she intended to take full advantage. She continued to lightly caress her arm with one hand while the other reached up and loosened the girls hair from the bun and let it flow through her hands and down over her shoulders. The lack of any resistance confirmed her suspicions that Elizabeth had surrendered control of the situation. 

Feeling more confident she moved slightly and sat directly behind the seemingly paralysed girl, circling her arms around her young, slender body. Parting Elizabeth's hair at the neck she brushed her lips over the exposed skin in the lightest of kisses and felt the shudder run right through her body. Quietly she whispered in her ear. 

"Elizabeth, would you like me to show you how to pleasure yourself like I did?" 

There was no reply, just a nod of the head and a groan of desire. Very slowly, Katie's fingers unfastened the buttons on Elizabeth's blouse and eased it from her skirt. As if to keep the girl entranced as she continued her seduction, she whispered constantly as she gently nibbled and sucked on her ears and neck. Sliding the blouse from Elizabeth's shoulders exposed her pale but soft skin and the enticing mounds of her firm breasts under her plain cotton bra. Her nipples were so clearly visible through the thin material that Katie was tempted to plunge her hands inside her bra and caress them but she fought the urge in order to both prolong the pleasure of the seduction and not scare the innocent girl off. 

Elizabeth was paralysed by the overwhelming desire which had engulfed her the moment Katie wrapped her arms around her. All the strange new feelings of intense arousal which she had experienced that night watching Katie had returned and this time she had no will left to resist. As Katie removed her blouse she felt her nipples stiffen and the tingling sensations between her legs were becoming unbearably arousing. The unfamiliar feelings captivated her to the extent that she just lay there, abandoning herself to them as she let Katie slowly undress her. 
