 My name is Elaine and I work as a junior executive in a large bank in the Kuala Lumpur. Coming from a small-town background, it was pretty daunting when I got my first job and had to move to the big city. In my early twenties and with barely two dollars to rub together, accommodation was a huge problem since I didn't know anyone or the first thing about finding housemates. After scouring what must have been dozens of newspaper ads, I ended up living in a run-down single-storey terrace house in a poor part of town just to make ends meet.

Tall (well, unusually tall for a girl of Chinese descent), fair, slim and single, I really stood out from the rest of my neighbors; most of them were low-income civil servants who were married with large families. The exception was Aida, the Malay nurse who lived next door. A petite, brown-skinned beauty with a full figure, she was the neighborhood belle and looked in her early thirties. I heard she was divorced and childless, her looks and figure earned her many suitors but apparently she didn't have the appetite for relationships after being burned once.

Now, as my job involved being stuck behind a cubicle all day, I hardly had any friends in my first year in the big city, and ended up staying at home most nights. It didn't help that my boss was a bastard and worked the whole division like slaves, and we sometimes had to put in 16-hour days. One night, after a particularly exhausting day I was just about to get changed and step into the shower when I heard a tap at my gate.

It was Aida, dressed in a grey housecoat. It was amazing, even in such a shapeless garment she still looked stunning, with a figure I envied endlessly. Apparently her lights had all gone out suddenly and she with a pleading look in her eyes she begged me to come and take a look at her switch box. It had been acting up lately and she didn't trust to call anyone else, after all she was alone and afraid. There had been numerous reports of break-ins in the area, as the houses lacked any form of alarm systems or anti-theft grilles. Still in my office clothes and dreaming of a long soak in the hot tub I reluctantly went over.

Her house was in a bit of a mess and she apologized, she'd apparently been to busy to do any cleaning lately. Peering at her switchbox, which was probably 20 years old, I couldn't seem to see anything out of place. Oddly enough, I thought I'd try flipping on the light switches to see if they miraculously worked. To my surprise the dim fluorescent bulb turned on almost immediately. 

Suddenly, Aida grabbed me from behind. As I turned to face her shocked, I offered almost no resistance when her lips locked with mine in a passionate, forceful kiss. As I let out an almost inaudible gasp, I felt her tongue probe my mouth, thrusting with reckless abandon, her full breasts and thick nipples pressing onto mine.

As she broke the kiss I tried to back away to the wall, but Aida gripped me tightly, holding her body against mine. Still circling my waist with her left hand she forcefully kissed me again, while swiftly reaching down with her right hand to undo the sash that held her housecoat together, partially revealing her glorious breasts. This time, I managed to squirm my way out of the kiss and tried to run out of her house. 

"I-I-I can't do thi-," I stammered. Before that night, I had never had a sexual experience before, and I suppose a woman, even one as gorgeous as Aida forcing herself on me really freaked me out. I had never been athletic or sporty, though I was a good half a head taller than her, so I really should have broken free. But packed in that slender, petite frame she seemed to have superhuman strength as I tried to struggle free from her grasp and we somehow ended on tangled on her sofa, she sitting on me as I vainly struggled to get up. In the struggle, her housecoat had completely fallen off and she sat astride me dressed in nothing by a sheer white negligee that left absolutely nothing to the imagination.

The dim lighting and moonlight played softly her smooth brown, dusky skin, accentuated by a sheen of glistening sweat worked up in the struggle that left her sheer negligee even more transparent, if that was actually possible, and clinging to her sweet smelling skin. Her beautiful breasts heaved up as she panted heavily, a testament to the valiant but ultimately vain struggle I had put up. Growing up, I had heard all the obligatory dirty jokes at school about Malay women having the saggy tits but hers were firm and taut with puffy pink aureolae and thick rounded nipples starkly visible through the negligee. I couldn't help but steal a glance at her pubic area and caught a glimpse of a dark, neatly-trimmed triangle of thatch. The scent of her musky perfume, our sweat and the faux-leather, PVC couch mingled to form a heady, most arousing smell.

I opened my mouth to protest by she immediately put a finger to my lips and begged, "Please, I really need to make love to you" she whispered in my ear, her eyes managing both to convey a situation of both desire and despair. "I've wanted to for so many nights, you can't even begin to understand!"

Slowly and purposefully she unbuttoned my office coat, and her face lit up in a half-smile when the coat parted, revealing my off-white silk undershirt. I took in a sharp breath as Aida tenderly caressed my breasts through the soft silk and I was almost glad I hadn't worn a bra that day. "Ooh, I think you're starting to enjoy this," she whispered as she lightly grazed my nipples with her fingertips, feeling there erect like little nubs screaming for attention.

As Aida made to lift up my undershirt I stammered "Please don't do this, its wrong. I mean, I-I'm not a lesbian!" She paused thoughtfully and looked at me with her mischievous, come-hither look that worked so well on countless men and practically dragged me into her kitchen by the arm. Sitting on the bare stove was a teapot bubbling away. She seized a glass from the counter nearby and filled it to the brim with a thick, black liquid, opened a tin filled with Arabic inscriptions and dropped a teaspoon of fine white powder into the glass, which promptly dissolved into the substance. 

"Drink up," she simply said, with that curious half-smile of hers.

Then and there I knew it was probably a potent aphrodisiac. Maybe it was even the cause of what had possessed the mild-mannered neighbor I knew to become this lusty vixen in front of me. I shook my head, clenching my teeth and willing myself to resist although I could feel my nether regions starting to wet. 

But she had it all figured out. In one swift motion, she reached down and grabbed the little nub of my right nipple through the blouse, tweaking it as hard as she could. As I gasped, half in pain and pleasure she lifted the glass to my lips, pouring it down my open mouth. A cry of pain died in my throat as I gagged, swallowing the foul-tasting concoction that was boiling just a few moments ago, burning my throat and my insides. Instantly, I felt a burning sensation, like my mouth, stomach and loins were on fire. She pulled me close and kissed me passionately and powerless to resist her advances I felt her tongue probe deep as her hands explored the curves of my body. As she led me slowly out of the kitchen, one of her prying hands reached underneath the silk blouse, pawing at my breasts, playfully squeezing and caressing my nipples.

As we reached her sofa she sat me down tenderly and winking cheekily, pulled her sheer negligee over her head, then did a twirl in front of me, naked as the day she was born. 

"So, what do you think?" she grinned.

I was too flushed to answer but raised my arms as she bent down and started relieving me of my silk blouse, releasing my smaller but firm breasts. Aida wasted no time in putting in closing her mouth over a nipple her tongue tracing rings around it while her hand reached up my skirt and parted my legs, which felt as heavy as lead. I must have let out a squeal loud enough to wake the whole block as her fingers found the nub of my womanhood, lightly tracing its outline through my lace panties. I had been in relationships before, but it was the first time anyone other than me had touched me there before and she definitely knew what she was doing. Hiking up my skirt, she quickly slipped off the lace underwear and placed it over my mouth holding it in place with her left hand while her right furious rubbed my womanhood. I had no idea why she did that for at first, but I was soon to find out.

Inhaling the heady scent of my own musk while being masturbated by this goddess was to much for me, and my whole body shook as wave after wave of pleasure seemed to shoot through me and I let out a muffled scream into the French lace panties, tasting my own juices through the thin material. Lost in my own personal heaven, I barely noticed or cared as she stuffed the lace into my mouth, pulled off my skirt, then knelt down in front of me worshipping my womanhood with her tongue. Her soft but determined licking and nibbling at my clitoris drove me into a wild frenzy and I ground my hips into her face, trying to bury her with my pussy, as my fingers unconsciously kneaded my breasts in a desperate effort to find release a second time. As Aida slowly inserted her whole tongue into me time seemed to stand still and I bucked wildly as I had my second orgasm of the night. 

As I slowly returned to earth, she sat her petite frame on my lap, firmly taking my hands and placing one on her glorious breasts and one between her legs. She guided me as I tentatively caressed her womanhood, and gasped as I lightly rolled the little nub between my thumb and forefinger. Slowly, I removed the frilly panties from my mouth and leaned to kiss her deeply, tasting my juices on her lips. As my tongue roamed the inside of her mouthed I started rubbing faster and inserted one, then two fingers into her as I used to do to myself and was rewarded when she started to shudder violently. Still not breaking the kiss, I pushed the two fingers quicker and quicker into her as she squirmed and shuddered for what seemed like an eternity. Spent at last, she collapsed atop the shag carpet in her hall, pulling me down with her, but not before she brought my hand and sucked my fingers which had been in her just moments ago.

As I drifted off into a deep sleep, holding her in my arms, feeling her beautiful breasts pressed onto my chest I heard her sigh contentedly and whisper, "I hope you understand why I did what I did" in my ears.

When I woke up early the next morning, she was still fast asleep. Deciding against waking her, I quickly dressed. Finding a pen and some paper, I simply wrote "I understand perfectly", then folded the precious note and slipped it under the lacy French underwear I wore last night, leaving it for her as a souvenir.