 I will preface this story by saying that I am not now, nor have I ever, considered myself a lesbian. I have however always had a fascination with the female body. I've explored my own body since I was young and continue to this day to pleasure myself daily. I am married now and have two beautiful children. I am happy with my life and don't consider it lacking anything. My husband and I have a great sex life and when the opportunity presents itself we fantasize about adding another female to the party. It satisfies a sexual need I find myself yearning for. Today, I've been thinking about the woman that opened that door for me. I remember the day so vividly that it sends chills through my body.

She was beautiful. She was always curvy from what I can remember and her chocolate hair always hung just over her shoulders. She carried herself so confidently every time I seen her, the pangs of jealousy would riddle my bones. I was never as confident as she, but she gave me the ability to walk into a room on campus and pretend that everyone was looking at me. I knew the truth, but it felt good to pretend they were staring at us and not just her. 

We'd been friends since middle school and now here we were; away at college together. We were probably the best friends anyone could have. We shared a dorm and I never denied to myself when she walked from the shower to the bed room in her towel that my desire grew wet. I was always scared she would see me unwrapping the towel with my eyes or how hard my nipple grew as I shifted on the couch trying to hide what I was really thinking.

After finals our junior year, we were both exhausted. The year was coming to an end and we both had some not so successful classes. It was a rough year. She was going on about her anatomy professor and how he only failed her because she wouldn't sleep with him. She was avid that was the reason and continued to tell the story as she undressed with the bathroom door open. I heard the sudden woosh of the shower as it came on and suddenly I grew uncomfortable. I couldn't let her know how much I wanted her body against me. I just couldn't let her know my secret. She continued telling the story, but it was difficult hearing her over the rushing water. Rushing water that I knew was dripping over her nipples and caressing every curve of her beautiful body. I almost couldn't stand it. I reached under my shirt and softly pinched my nipples. I suddenly panicked when she yelled to me to come into the bathroom. I rushed to the door and composed myself before walking in.

"Did you hear what I said?" she questioned me and truthfully I had lost track of what she was saying.

"No not over the water." I said. She opened the curtain slightly and I could see her dark nipples through the clear material. She caught me looking.

"For god sakes Sandy, they're only tits!" She slid the material over them so they would show up more clearly. I licked my lips and suddenly realized she was flirting with me. Wasn't she? I smiled wryly and she knew I was uncomfortable. 

"Sandy do you find me attractive?" Her hand moved to her nipple and slowly began twisting it ever so gently. I couldn't lie to her. Somehow she knew. She dropped the curtain back unveiling her bare pussy and sexy curves. I stuttered losing all my words and froze. I can't believe this is happening.

"C'mon Sandy. Don't you want to run your tongue though both my lips?" She traced her thigh and then ran the tip of her finger between her pussy lips. My face flushed and I began to breathe shallower. I had said that, but not to her; not to anyone. I had written it in my diary. I had probably written my fantasies about her once a week in my journal and she knows. Oh my god; she knows. I was mortified and then suddenly relieved. This beautiful goddess that I've been fantasizing about and masturbating to for the past year was surrendering before me. 

"You obviously know exactly what I want to do to you and what I have done to you a thousand times in my head." I reached for the curtain and pulled it all the way open. "How long have you known?"

"I found it yesterday. You left it on your bed and I read it. I'm not sorry." She bit her lower lip and reached out for me. Her hands explored my breasts and slid down my back. She pulled my shirt over my head and I removed my jeans. I tried to control my excitement. I stepped into the steamy shower and pull the curtain closed. Hesitantly I leaned my face over her breast and began running my tongue around her erect nipple. I glanced up to find her eyes closed and her head leaned back. Her fingers began running through my hair and I pressed on. I rotated between her tits as she let out soft moans. Even in the shower, I could tell how wet my pussy was becoming. I slowly kissed down her abs to the top of her slit. I looked up at her and she sucked in the moist shower air in anticipation. I pushed my tongue between her lips and began softly caressing her clitoris. Her knees began to grow week and I could feel her sweet juice dripping from the corner of my mouth. She tasted so sweet. 

"Hold on." She pushed my head away and I thought something was wrong. "I have to lie down or I'm going to fall when I cum." She sat down in the tub and I positioned myself directly in front of her swollen pussy. The water sprayed on us but was at the right angle to put pressure on my ass. That was another little secret that she hadn't learned yet. I leaned in and licked her clit firmly. Her fingers twisted around in my hair. Soft short moans were escaping her throat and I could tell she was so close. I slid my tongue down a little farther and licked inside her hole. A deeper moan came from above and I looked up at her. She had pushed my face back down and I went back to massaging her clit firmly with my tongue as I slid my middle finger into her pussy. Her back arched as I curled the tip of my finger slightly and brushed passed her g-spot. She was definitely primed for a good cum.

"Does that feel good?" I smiled and I ran my tongue back through her pussy lapping up more of her juice. She giggled and twitched while I kept curling my finger inside of her tight little hole. She couldn't speak. I slid a second finger into her cunt and began to fuck her a little harder. She could only manage to grunt and buck her hips against my fingers. Her left hand grasped at her nipples while her other hand held on to the edge of the tub. I suppose I had my answer. When her body finally relaxed against the tub floor, she looked at me and smiled. Her tongue graced her lips and she leaned forward to wrap her lips around my nipple. By now the water had made our hands and feet prune. We rinsed off and got out of the shower. 

We've never really talked about it with our husbands. We're still friends and to this day we get together every once in a while to have a girls day.