 THE BREATH OF INNOCENCE

This is the spin off story from The Courtship of Rachel and the start of a planned series with Anna's Secrets but I wanted to lay the groundwork for that series and so I've changed the name from An Accidental Seduction to The Seduction of Anna. I don't know how many stories are in it but let's see how far I can push the envelope. Sorry about the length if you'll pardon the pun, I was going to split this one up but decided to release it as a complete story instead.

*****

There's an enduring lesbian fantasy about being a woman's first and it's even potent when the woman in question is a virgin. It was one of my fantasies too but I had resigned myself to the fact that it was just a fantasy. Granted it happened to others but not me and then one day it did and so here I am sitting down to tell you about Anna. She was the woman I seduced in Marysville way back in July, 1983 and reconnected with some eighteen months later in a lesbian nightclub in Fitzroy. Anna and I are friends, she's a lawyer and I'm a detective so we see each other from time to time in court. However, despite our colourful past Anna and I will never rekindle an old flame for the third time, there's a thing to be said about tempting fate.

But first a bit of background history. I went from high school into the army purely because my dad was ex army. He'd been in the Korean war, the Malayan Emergency and was a captain during the Vietnam war, based out at Canungra training recruits destined for the jungles of South Vietnam. Mum died in car accident in February, 1982 and that was a major deciding factor when it came to my future in the army. Initially I'd been keen on a full length career but dad was on his own and I was an only child. Call me soft hearted but I loved the old bastard even when he was a pain in the arse but when I got discharged I found I was at a loose end.

We lived in Marysville at the time, a tiny town 34 kilometres north east of Healesville to the east of Melbourne. In the winter the population swells because it's close to the ski resort at Lake Mountain. During the warmer months we get a lot of bikers in town, Marysville is bisected by two perfect biking roads, the Black Spur and the Reefton Spur. Due to the idyllic beauty of its Mountain Ash forests it's also an ideal place to build a retreat. We had a few Christian ones just outside town and Anna was doing part of her course at one of them back in 1983. I was a barmaid at the White Dog in Lilydale. I did catering for a while in the army before I moved into transport and the pub was offering steady work during the week.

I could have earned more money if I worked weekends but I was not willing to sacrifice my weekends. The way I worked it was great. I stayed at a mate's joint in Coldstream during the week and went home on the Friday night to stay with dad. Jason was a good sort, he was a year older than me but unlike his peers he never tried to make a move on me. Jason was staunch, someone who'll walk down a dark alley with you without asking why.

I met Anna the last weekend of June, 1983. I was on my way back to dad's after my shift and as luck would have it, I had my spare helmet on the back and that really was luck. Jason had been at me for months to take his girlfriend for a spin and that week I'd finally remembered to bring the spare helmet. Back in those days I rode an old black Kawasaki 900 and it got a lot of looks from other Harley riders as well as my nickname, Biker Dyke.

I wasn't that far out of Marysville when I had to slow down for a car not far from a bend. The Black Spur is a treacherous road and I've ridden and driven it in all kinds of weather. One of the biggest hazards are the loggers bringing logs down to the mills in Melbourne and because it's a winding mountain road they can't always stop in time. If one of those trucks comes up your arse it's best to find a straight stretch and wave them past. Thus this car did get my attention and my first thought was, 'what an idiot.' The hood was up and I couldn't see the driver but as I roared past I saw a mop of long blonde hair and a skirt.

I must have been about fifty feet further on before I slowed down and turned around. It was pitch black on the forest road and when you're stranded at night on the Spur it can be worrying. I twisted the throttle and cruised towards the woman and she turned around to face me. Her eyes were wide, reminding me of a deer caught in the headlights and she definitely looked frightened as I came to a halt. By then I could see that she was a young woman in her early twenties and a good looking woman too. Her long blonde hair was styled in a manner reminiscent of my teenage crush Farrah Fawcett Majors. She wore a skirt, blouse and tight vee necked jumper and she was fiddling with something around her neck, a necklace by the looks of things.

"You having trouble?" I flipped the visor on my helmet.

She just blinked at me and I turned the bike off and repeated my question. It was only then she realised I was a woman.

"Um, yeah, I was just coming around the bend back there when my car died."

"Well, let's have a Captain Cook," I dropped the stand and eased off the bike, "you parked in a bloody bad spot, if a truck comes barrelling around the bend your car will end up down the side of the mountain."

"I'm sorry," she replied.

"Don't worry about it, we'll either get you going or push you further along the road. Where are you heading?"

"Marysville," she replied as I undid a buckle on my saddlebag.

"Me too," I undid the other one, "can you hold a torch?"

"Yeah I can."

"The name's Maggie, you got a name?"

"Anna. Anna Hanford."

One of the benefits about working in transport was the fact that I got to move around, someone further up the food chain must have had his arse kicked because I got experience in the workshop and that has stood me in good stead over the years. Granted, diesels are different to petrol engines but they work on the same principle and I soon nutted out two potential problems.

"It's either your coil lead or the coil," I told her after she'd cranked the engine a couple of times, "easy enough to fix though."

"Oh," she frowned, "so, will the garage in town have one?"

"Frank? Oh he will but he'll charge you an arm and a leg," I straightened up, "but I've got a better idea. I've got an old bomb sitting at home that gets cannibalised for spare parts now and then. It's an old Kingswood but it's got a new coil, I fitted it myself while I was still in the army."

"But this is a Corolla," she replied.

"A coil is just a bloody coil," I shrugged, "you can mount it on your engine and it'll still work, it's yours if you want it, free of charge."

"Free?" Anna looked past me, "okay, as long as it's going to work."

"It will but first we need to push you further along the road and then I'll run you into town," I shut the bonnet and wiped my hands on my jeans, "where are you staying?"

When she told me I did blush.

"Oh, right, I'll watch my language then."

"I wasn't offended by your language," she replied, "you didn't know where I lived and now that you do it still doesn't offend me."

"Now that's different," I replied.

Between the two of us we got the car further along the road and before she locked it I popped the distributor cap and removed the rotor button.

"Here, stick that in your handbag."

"What is it?"

"The rotor button," I replied, "even if someone manages to hot wire the car it won't start without this nifty little device and I don't know of any car thieves who carry one in their pocket."

"Good to know," she dropped it in her handbag and I handed her the spare helmet and then glanced down at her legs.

"Be a bit cold on your legs but it's not far to go."

"I can manage," she looked down at her skirt. It was one of those buttoned skirts and she undid a few buttons and then swinging her leg over the seat, tucked the skirt around her thighs and offered me up a smile.

"Thank God I wore this today."

"Thank God indeed," I remarked as I put the helmet on her head, "okay, just lean with me and we'll have you home before you know it."

We set off not long after and I got a little buzz out of having her hands on my hips and her breasts pushed up against my back, Anna had quite large breasts. I hadn't told her I was that way inclined but what the hell, I was the Good Samaritan in this story!

Anna lived in a Christian retreat on Falls Road. I'd known about it for years but never bothered knocking on the door. You'd meet some of the people staying there in town, the ages ranged from school age kids through to pensioners and for the most part they were always polite. The locals might think them a bit strange but they spent money in the store, bought petrol from the local servo and in general kept the town's economy ticking over.

The carpark was around the back and Anna directed me to a space in between two cars and when I dropped the stand and hopped off the bike she asked me to stand between her and the windows looking onto the carpark. She had to button her skirt again and so I did the guard dog thing and it was while I was staring at the brightly lit windows that I spotted a man I hadn't seen before, the usual caretakers were a young couple with two kids but this man was much older.

"Who's he?" I asked her.

"That's Alan, he's running the house while Joe and Mary are on holiday."

Just then another man joined him at the window, this man looked to be much younger, they were both staring at us and Anna finally raised a hand in acknowledgement. Alan turned away but the other man kept staring.

"So, what time tomorrow?"

"Mid morning."

"Mid morning? What time mid morning?"

"Between ten thirty and eleven?"

She pursed her lips and nodded.

"Make it closer to eleven," she handed me the spare helmet, "I should be out of the morning study group by then."

"What are you studying?"

"The bible," she shrugged, "I'll wear jeans tomorrow though, I thought my legs were going to turn into ice blocks."

"Don't bother, I'll pick you up in my car."

"Oh, okay," she turned and smiled at me, "thanks for your help tonight, I really appreciate it."

She strolled away, leaving me to contemplate her hips but as I started the bike again she turned and waved at me. I returned the wave and then rode slowly out but that second man was still staring at me. He might have suspected I was a woman but due to the poor lighting in the carpark and the fact I was wearing a full face helmet he probably thought I was some male biker.

All was revealed the next day when I drove into the carpark in my black V8 Kingswood panel van, I spotted Anna with the man and now I could see he was in his twenties. He suffered from premature balding, a stubborn patch of hair clung to his white forehead but the rest of his hair was retreating. He was facing the driveway as I drove past and Anna was side on to him, and a casual read of the body language revealed that she was not comfortable with him. Her handbag was between him and her, and pressed tight against her breast. She wasn't looking directly at him when she spoke and then she heard the burbling V8 and turned to look at me. A second later she stepped forward and hurried to intercept me. I stepped on the brake and she opened the door and peered inside.

"Wow, your car is even cooler than your bike."

"Hop in, did you bring the rotor cap?"

"In my bag," she slid onto the passenger seat.

"Who's your friend?" I spun the wheel and coasted around a parked car.

"That's Daryl, another counsellor," she replied in a flat monotone.

"I'm so glad you turned up now though," she fastened the seatbelt, "Daryl was just explaining how he feels the Lord has brought us together for a very special reason."

I chuckled at that as I coasted past Daryl but didn't reply until we turned onto the road.

"I work at the White Dog as a barmaid," I replied, "the guys have a few pickup lines after they've had a few too many. They say my face is leaving here in five minutes, I'd like you to be on it," I shifted up, "now I've heard a Christian pick up line."

I thought I'd offended her because she was looking away and then I heard giggling and she turned back to me and slapped my leg lightly.

"That is so true, I think I prefer the non Christian pickup line, at least it's picturesque."

"True enough," I changed gear, "listen I need to drop some fags off for my old man before we go out to your car, it's only a slight detour."

"No worries," she shrugged and leaning over, pulled out a cassette tape out of the player, "ACDC?"

"Highway to Hell," I shrugged, "I'm sorry I don't have any Christian music but if you've got a tape in that big bag of yours then stick it in."

"Afraid not," she pushed the tape all the way in, "it'll have to be ACDC."

Dad was sitting on the front porch when I pulled up outside our house but came down to see me as I picked up the carton of Winfield on the front floor.

"Here you go, dad," I handed them over, "this is my father, Kevin and this is Anna."

Dad leaned in to get a better look and his eyes shifted, and for good reason. She was dressed in a white blouse under a light blue cardigan, she was wearing jeans that day tucked into Ugg boots. Her long blonde hair hung in cascading waves about her, framing blue eyes and a finely sculptured face. Her bow shaped lips parted in a smile to reveal perfect white teeth. Hell, I was secretly checking her out as well, in that way we were both of one accord.

"Pleased to meet you, young lady, so, when did you find out?"

"Find out what?"

"Dad, she's not," I blushed and nudged the gear stick into first.

"Sorry, my mistake," he straightened up, "nice meeting you, Anna."

"Find out what?" Anna asked me as we drove away.

"Um, he thought you were my date. I said I was picking up a woman I met last night but I didn't tell him much more than that. Dad isn't big on small talk."

"So, you're gay?" Anna stared at me.

"Yeah, sorry, I should have said something last night."

"Why?"

"I don't know, it just didn't occur to me. I was trying to get you home and now I'm going to try and get your car started. Sexual preferences just didn't come up in the conversation until my dad said what he did back there."

"Oh," her head hit the headrest, "thanks for telling me."

"No worries."

We drove out of Marysville and were just passing the last house when she looked at me and then turned the music down.

"So, what's it like being gay?"

"Huh?" I stared at her, "um, why do you want to know?"

"I'm a counsellor in training," she replied, "I'm in my last year at bible college and this job at the retreat is my placement. You're the first lesbian I've ever met, actually you're the only gay person I've met, period. So if I'm going to be a good counsellor I want to know more about what it's like to be gay, I'm sorry if I sound nosey but sooner or later I'm going to be counselling someone who thinks they're gay. How can I tell them I understand when I don't?"

I hesitated before replying.

"Okay, in the interests of research I'll be your guinea pig. My lesbian friends will probably think I'm betraying the cause but just don't mention my name if you're counselling a lesbian."

"Deal," she nodded, "so, tell me more. When did you first decide to turn gay?"

"I didn't, I was always attracted to girls, even in school. I did try to think of guys in a sexual way but it never felt right. It was like I was forcing myself to do something unnatural... I guess like you trying to turn onto women, you might sleep with a woman but if you're not that way inclined you might feel like you were seduced or succumbing to peer group pressure."

"So it's not like you came to a decision to be with women?"

"I guess I chose to be with a girl in high school if that's what you mean?"

"No it's like when I gave my heart to Jesus, I had no intention of giving my heart to Jesus but one night I was in a really dark place and I just felt him, everywhere. I felt love all around me, I got down on my knees and gave my heart and my soul to Jesus."

Now before I went into the army I might have laughed out loud, what the hell even in the army for the first couple of years I might still have snorted at it but army life had exposed me to a broad cross section of human society. We had Christians in the army, although they weren't bible bashers, but neither was I a militant lesbian either. Thus, when I heard her explanation of how she became a Christian I merely nodded.

"Well it sounds like God means something to you, I mean I can't say I'd do the same thing but it's different strokes for different folks. Do you ever doubt God?"

"Sometimes but that's normal," she replied.

The conversation continued all the way to the car and somewhat sporadically as I changed the coil and the lead. What struck me was that Anna was genuinely curious about my lesbianism, it wasn't as if she was merely humouring me and it was because of that sincerity that I asked her more about her faith. By the time I got the car started she had broached the possibility of having coffee with me once a week.

"It's not like I'm trying to convert you, it's just that I'm curious about homosexuality in general, as I said before I will probably have to counsel people who question their sexuality and I can't offer them good advice if I've never tried to understand a gay person."

"Okay, so where and when?"

"Well as much as I'd love to invite you to the retreat I think it's better we meet at your place. I mean if you really want to come to the retreat that's fine but if the others find out about you they might you know, gang up on you and try to argue with you. I'm not looking for an argument, I just want to understand your way of life."

I leaned against the front of her car and contemplated the woods before I gave my answer.

"Okay, my joint, next Saturday."

"Three o'clock all right?"

"Three is fine," I regarded her, "you must be the first Christian I've really spoken to like this."

"Well all right then," she grinned, "so we're both virgins."

She held out her hand and I took it.

"Thank you for fixing my car, I really appreciate it."

I followed her all the way back to Marysville and I continued on alone to my place. Dad was actually apologetic when I stepped up onto the front verandah and when he found out she was a Christian and that I'd just been helping her get back on the road he mumbled something about 'maybe you should invite her around for a cup of tea.'

"She's coming around here next Saturday for coffee," I shrugged.

I actually had doubts it would all come off that next week and because of that the only person to know was dad but at three o'clock on the dot her car pulled up outside and she got out of the car. I was in the living room when dad casually announced.

"Your straight girlfriend is coming up the driveway, do you want to be alone?"

"Um," I joined him at the window, "just the back room, dad, she's here to talk about homosexuality, she's training to be a counsellor."

"Oh right," dad raised his eyebrows.

"Stop that, dad," I nudged him, "I'm trying to help her."

"Well, I'm off to the pub, you kids have fun."

I opened the door before she had time to knock and took a brief moment to take in her outfit. She was wearing a pink blouse under a long woollen cardigan held together with a woollen tie, blue jeans and boots. One hand was clasped around the handle of a handbag and the other was holding a six pack of Victoria Bitter.

"These are for you, a thank you gift for last Saturday."

"Oh, thanks," I took them from her as she stepped inside, "and you didn't get into trouble for buying beer?"

"I'm nineteen," she replied, "it's legal."
