 I took my toiletry kit and pajamas into the power room and was ready for bed in just a few minutes. I went down the hall toward Kay's bedroom and heard her in the bathroom. There was very little sound, no running water or anything. I knocked softly. She said, "I'll be there in a few minutes."

On a hunch I asked, "You aren't putting on makeup or anything are you?" 

A brief pause... "Um... why?"

I opened the door a little. There was a makeup kit by the sink. "Cuz, I'm not a guy..." She started laughing. I opened the door the rest of they way. She was already wearing her pajamas and had a cotton ball in her hand. I stepped beside her, put my arms around her and kissed her cheek. Looking at her in the mirror, I said, "You look just fine."

She turned and hugged me back, still laughing. "You know, I didn't even think about it. I guess there's something automatic about putting on a little touch of makeup when I'm going to bed with someone the first time... Not that I do that very often, you realize... but you're right. I like you without your makeup too."

We continued to hold each other, softly running our hands around each other's backs and shoulders. We pulled back just a little and looked at each other again. It was another one of those nervous moments. We were inches from each other's face and our breasts were touching - no bras this time. She whispered, "I just had my hand about an inch from my face when you asked. It was pretty comical... You know, you look really nice without makeup too... Oh, yeah, I already said that."

I kissed her on the lips with my arms around her chest and waist, pulling her to me. Her arms slid up over mine and around my neck. Our lips touched and played briefly then hers opened. I let my tongue dart inside for just a second. She held me tighter, pulling my face to her and breathing hard. I only let that go on for a couple of seconds before breaking the kiss.

She was breathless with a look of wonder on her face. "Let's go to bed," I said. She tickled me on the side before heading past me and out the door. Her bedroom door was the next one down. I turned off the light in the bathroom and joined her in her bedroom. She was getting a couple of votive candles out of her dresser. 

The bedroom had a queen-sized bed and night stands on either side. I had to hold back a smile. It looked like a room designed for two people - or someone who was planning on having a second person in her life at some point. 

Kay handed me two candles and a box of matches, then took two more candles and another box of matches to her side of the bed. It happens that her side of the bed is the side I normally sleep on when I'm with my husband. I thought about it for a moment and decided that I liked the idea of being on the other side, since I was taking the lead. 

I've noticed that when men and women sleep together, the woman usually sleeps on the right side (viewed from the foot of the bed). Sure it's different sometimes depending on the people, but not for Kay and me. Kay was used to sleeping on the woman's side and it didn't occur to her that we were both women. 

Of course, it was her bed too. 

I went over to my side, lit the two candles and put them on the nightstand. As I was finishing that, Kay closed the bedroom door and turned off the light. 

Four candles were just right. Kay went back to her side of the bed and we each took our side of the blankets and turned them down. It's fun how cooperative everything is when it's two women. 

Kay was adorable; as excited as a little kid at a slumber party. She looked over at me, realizing that the next step was to get in bed together. We moved in concert, lying down on our sides facing each other. There were plenty of pillows and we each got comfortable. We ended up facing each other with just a little distance between us. 

She was nervous. "Umm, I don't really know what to do," she said as she tentatively reached her hand to my side. She touched very gently and I took a deep breath. I reached my lower arm under her and brought her to me, kissing her forehead and encircling her with my upper arm (the right one). 

"We don't have to do anything in particular," I reassured her. "Just have fun."

She looked down at my top and reached up with her hand, pausing beside my breast, then looked up at me and asked, "Do you mind if I just touch you? I want to know what you feel like."

I kissed the air between us and mouthed, "go ahead" with a smile. It was fun. It was as if she had never touched a woman before. Well, then again, she hadn't; not like this. She stroked her fingers lightly up from beneath the curve to meet the nipple. I breathed deeply; she was really making it feel good. I put my hand on her hip and started caressing her too. So far, it was all on the outside of the pajamas. 

My nipple was hard immediately. She started playing with it, squeezing it and flicking the tip. Then she took her hand away and covered her mouth. After a quick laugh she said, with some embarrassment, "I can't believe I just did that... just like a guy... I went straight for the tits."

I smiled at her. "It's OK," I did the same with her and she got the same rise from it. "Can you blame them?" She looked up at me with a pleading in her eyes. I put my arms around her, pulled her close and tipped her back while I rose up a little on my elbow. Gently touching her breast and shoulders, I kissed her. 

It's wonderful to take the lead with a woman. I envy men this simple pleasure. Women are so soft and cuddly; it's shear enjoyment.