 The seduction of Amy is my husband's fault or the fault of one of my girl friends. If he hadn't been out of town or if one of them had been available, I would have never seduced Amy. Well, not the evening I did, any how.

I had seen Amy the day before when I stopped by a new intimate apparel store here in town. It was close to seven and I was on my way home from a long day at the office. My husband was out of town on business and I was in no big rush to get home. Since I hadn't had the chance to check out the store since it opened and it was on my route home I pulled in to kill some time.

As I walked in I noticed a beautiful long lady, a tiny little thing, maybe size 2, with pert breats and a cute ass. She may have been five feet max. She was flitting around the store when I came in. "Oh, Hi, she said with start. "I was just closing up and didn't see yu come in."

"Oh I am sorry, I didn't realize you were closing," I smiled back. "I'll come back some other time."

"Would you please, any other time I'd be more than happy to stay, but I am supposed to meet my parents for dinner tonight. They are visiting from out of town."

"No problem honey," I replied earnestly. "I just live down the road."

I left and went on home. But golly she was hot looking.

Paul had been out of town for four days and frankly I was getting horny as hell. I had just about worn out a set of batteries on my favorite toy and was wanting more than masturbation. I called a couple of girl friends and neither of them could get away with either work or family obligations. It was a beautiful summer day so I fixed a pitcher of Cosmopolitans, which was a mistake since they have a direct pipeline to my clit and make me even hornier. I changed into some shorts and halter and went to sit on the deck by the pool. It was warmer than I thought and after the first drink I stripped down and jumped in. I floated on the raft for a while but the Cosmos, the water and my nudity did nothing but increase my level of horniness, if that was possible.

I considered going to one of the local bars and trying to pick some lady up (I don't fuck other guys unless it is a swing couple situation, Paul is all the cock I really need, but I do love some strange pussy.) But I ruled that out. Just didn't feel like fucking with it to be honest.

Then Amy came to mind. After all I had promised I would come back to the store. And she was a cutie. Why not? You never know, right?

I climbed out of the pool. I had enough time to dry my hair, get dressed and be there just before she would be closing.

I was grateful there was just one other car in the parking lot of the store, which I assumed was Amy's.

I had thrown on some running shorts and crop top and nothing else before heading to the store with some sandals. I had to admit I looked pretty hot when I checked the mirror before leaving the house. 

Once again Amy was flitting around the store when I walked in. She greeted me warmly and I smiled back, "Told you I'd come back, hope I am not too late."

"No, no," she replied. "Please come in. I felt so bad about last night. And as it turned out, I wish I had stayed."

"Bad night with the parents?"

"Yes," she frowned. "They really tick me off sometimes. My God, I am 29 and they treat me like I am 16 sometimes."

I laughed in agreement and said, "I wouldn't have pegged you for more than 18 myself."

She blushed a little and said, "Thank you. And I am sorry. I shouldn't moan and groan about my personal problems to customers. Please make yourself at home, I am going to lock up, but take as much time as you would like. I was going to pour a glass of wine and doing some paperwork."

"Don't let me stop you," I said. "In fact, if you don't mind, I'd love a glass of wine about now myself."

"Coming right up," she said smiling brightly. 

I looked more closely at her as she disappeared to the back of the store. She looked some much like a little girl, but she had the walk of a full grown woman. I figured she might be a 34B and firm. Her little nipples had been standing straight out from her blouse which made believe she wasn't wearing a bra. 

I took the store in for the first time and was surprised how small it actually was on the inside, but how well displayed her merchandise was. She had a couch, two chair, a coffee table and two end tables sat on a nice rug in the middle for a conversation area. I started looking at some swim suits since they were the closest to me. I was flipping through them when she came back with two glasses of what looked like a deep Merlot..

I thanked her, we toasted glasses and took a big sip. "Very nice," I said.

"Thank you, I have it shipped in from a small winery in South Africa," she said. "Please make yourself at home."

She turned and went to the counter and I stared at her tight cute ass the entire way. I could feel the wetness starting to build just looking at her walk away.

I browsed through the racks and found three outfits I liked. All three were Baby Dolls, very sheer, one a bright white, one black and the other a brilliant hot red. I took them back and asked where the dressing rooms were. Amy looked up smiled and pointed to an opening in the back of the store. I started to go in one of the cubicles but noticed there were no mirrors in the rooms so I just stripped out of what clothes I had on and began to slip the first Teddy on when Amy walked back. She instantly blushed and started to retreat and when I stopped her, "I am sorry. The cubicles don't have mirrors and since it was just the two of us in the store...surely you've seen other women naked when they were trying on things."

She nodded and said, "Oh yes, I just wasn't prepared...and you've got such a lovely body for a...."

I laughed and finished the sentence for her, "an older woman".

She blushed again and said, "I wasn't really thinking that. But you are lovely."

I hoped I pulled off my fake blush and thanked her. I bent over showing my naked ass to her as I picked up the matching panties and slipped them on, wiggling more than necessary to get the patch of fabric over me. I turned around and faced her and asked, "What do you think?"

"It's lovely," she said softly. "You were made for that or it was made for you I mean."

I turned to admire myself in the mirror. It did look good. I knew she was watching me so I ran my hands across my breasts to make sure my nipples were standing erect for her to see. I pushed my tits out some and smiled, "Yes it does."

I quickly slipped on the black outfit and we went through the same scenario. I pulled the white one over my head but didn't put the panties on and turned to face Amy. Her glance instantly went to my trimmed pussy.

"I am sorry honey," as she continued to stare. "But being nude and trying this stuff on has a tendency to make me...ah...a...little aroused....and I didn't...want to get the panties all wet in case I didn't buy them."

She didn't say a word and I turned back to the mirror. "Gosh, I wish I had brought some heels, I would love to see how this looks with some heels on."

"I've got some shoes out front," she smiled. "I think some of them would be perfect with that outfit. You're husband will be very, very pleased. What size, I will go get them."

I wasn't worried about Paul being pleased. "Size 6 honey,"

I refilled my wine glass from the bottle now sitting on an end table and leaned back into the corner of the love seat in the dressing area with one leg sprawled out across half its length and the other dangling toward the floor with my pussy totally exposed. The cold leather felt good on my bottom and I could see the moisture starting to collect outside of my swollen lips. I closed my eyes and leaned my head back, all I could see was Amy.

"Here, let's try these," Amy said as she came bouncing back in the room. The view of me laid back exposed stopped her. I sat up a little bit and extended my right foot for her to put the shoes on. She knelt down and slip the 3 inch heels on. I held my leg up and admired them. I couldn't tell if her stare was at my feet or my now soaked pussy. I held out the other foot and she slipped the left shoe on. I stood up and walked to the mirror. From the mirror I could she her eyes locked on my tight little ass that was exposed to her. I swirled around quickly so her vision had to be my pussy. 

"Why do you think?" I asked, smiling like the cat that just ate the canary. 

She caught herself staring. Turned crimson and then looked me up and down.

"They look good on you to me," she smiled.

She was still kneeling on the floor and I walked over to her, my pussy inches from her face, and said, "I will take these. Let me see if there is anything else I want out here."

I walked back into the main showroom. I noticed Amy stayed behind. Trying to get herself together, I wondered. Or taking her clothes off, I wished.

My mind was whirling with different scenarios and as fast as one came to mind, I would throw it out. I was flipping through various outfits on the racks when I came upon a brilliant white, very sheer, mini teddy and matching crotchless panties. The only problem is they were extra small, which even as tiny as I am I couldn't fit in. I looked for another set in a bigger size, when my mind kicked in. I had my plan.

Amy was sipping on the couch sipping wine when I came back into the dressing room.

"I love this Amy," I said holding up my find. "I am going to see what it looks like."

I slipped the other teddy off, facing Amy so she got a full look at my body while my arms were over my head, then started to slip the other top over my head, "Uh, oh," I said in faked dismay. "This is an extra small. I need a small."

Amy jumped up and said she would check and find another one. I held my breath. I had checked. There were no more like this one on the rack. I hoped she didn't have any stored somewhere in the store. 

I stood there nude sipping wine and waiting, hoping to reach the next step in my plan.

The long look on her face when she came back in the room told me what I wanted to know.

"I am so sorry, this is the only one I have left," she said. "I can order one for you."

I shook my head, "No that's OK dear, I need to see it on and I wouldn't want you to order it and then me not like it."

A second passed, our eyes met and I said, "I have an idea! You try it on and that way I can see how it looks on."

She looked a little shocked and started to protest. I finally grinned and said, "My gosh girl, it's just the two of us and I've been walking around here nude for 30 minutes, at least you can do is try it on."

She laughed and took another sip of wine and giggled, "Oh what the hell." I sat down on the couch and instinctively Amy turned her back to me as she started to unbutton the silk blouse she had on, but I could see every thing in the mirror, which she soon realized and turned back to me, "No way to be modest in here is there."

I just grinned and shook my head no.

The blouse hit the floor and the short navy skirt was right behind it. In lacy bra and matching panties, Amy used one had for the front opening bra and shrugged it off her shoulders. Her breasts were absolutely gorgeous. Not big, 32A, maybe B, I figured, big pink nipples that were standing straight out with a very small tan line. Next the panites when sliding down her legs revealing her fully, neatly trimmed and very dark. She slipped the mini teddy over her head and held up the crotchless panites and laughed, "These leave nothing to the imagination."

She then twirled around and did her best runway model impression for my approval.

"I like it," I finally said. "And you are beautiful in it."

She blushed and whispered, "Thank you."

I stood up from the couch and approached her, my heart beating so loud I could hear it. Her eyes never left mine. I reached out and pushed away some hair from her face, took her face into my hands, leaned over and kissed her. She didn't resist and my tounge met no resistance as it started to explore and work frantically with hers. I broke the kiss and kept her face in my hands, "I want you Amy, I want you now."

"I've never been with another woman," she whispered but didn't pull away.

"But you want to, don't you?"

"Oh yes, heaven help me, yes I want you to make love to me,." She sighed and squeezed my hands to her face. "When you were sitting on the couch and I was putting the shoes on you, I wanted to touch you so badly."

"Why didn't you?"

"I was afraid," she lowered her head embarrassed. "I've had feelings for women before but never like this. You are so sexy."

I kissed her again and our hands started exploring each others body. The kiss lasted for a long, long time and finally we broke, both needing to breath.

"Take me Amy," I said and lowered her head to my breasts. "Take me honey."

And she did.