 I've been making love to other girls it seems like all of my adult life. Well, I'm 25 now and it's been on since high school.

Before I met my current main squeeze, Patti, I met Gina and our time together is one of the sweetest memories of my life. 

Gina and I became friends through another girlfriend, though not a lover, at work. We had an instant rapport on the usual girl things, fashion, cosmetics, music, movies, books, and just about everything, except sex.

Though she hadn't found what she was looking for, her Mr. Right, Gina was sure she was all straight, and my orientation towards the same sex didn't bother her at all. She used to say, "Someday, Jools, it will come to you that this is just playing, that it's just a phase." And she really believed that. Poor thing. She wasn't informed enough to know, because she had never experienced the exquisite pleasures of lesbian sex with a skilled lover, so how could she make the comparison? I mean, really!

Gina was so cute. She was about 5'5" tall, with ivory skin, medium-length jet black hair, and just luscious curves. All the guys were crazy for her and it just made her confused. She confided in me that she hadn't met the guy who could satisfy her sexually, they all got so excited they came right away when they were with her in bed.

What got me about Gina the first time I met her were those big blue eyes of hers. Her eyes were so clear and beautiful and they always appeared a little sleepy when she was looking at you, like she'd just come out of a deep, restful nap, which I find sinfully sexy. Then there was her voice. With just a trace of huskiness, and her casual, relaxed way of speaking, I could listen to her for hours.

We were at my apartment, it was getting late on a Friday evening, we had come back after dining out together at the Applebee's in my neighborhood after work. We'd been talking heart to heart for a couple of hours and our chemistry was running pretty high. I suggested that she come back to my place for some wine, apple strudel, and a special coffee blend I'd shopped at the local gourmet deli the day before, and she agreed. Somehow I just knew something was going to happen between us, something deeply pleasurable and memorable, that night, and I was right.

I've found through experience that the best route to lesbian seduction is to casually talk around the experience, dropping tantalizing hints of what's in store, to get her mind racing and her body all hot in your direction, until she virtually begs for more information and wants to get closer to you.

It's also important for her to feel private and secure in the situation, and that's not hard to do.

I brought out a fine bottle of chilled wine and wine glasses and served it up. We toasted to our friendship and drank, sipping slowly.

After we'd finished our first glasses, I refilled hers and mine without asking. I turned on the home theater system, set the volume to a whispering level 3, and put in a CD of sexy Rita Coolidge songs. Rita's throaty, laid-back vocals are such a turn on. Then I brought out our desert into the living room and placed it on the low mahogany table in front of my couch. I lowered the lights to a comfortable level and sat down next to Gina as we began to dig into the heavenly strudel and delicious coffee.

"Oh, wait! I almost forgot! The whipped cream! Wait!" I laughed, touching her hand that wielded her fork. "This strudel absolutely requires a swirl of whipped cream!" She laughed too. "I'll be right back, darling, wait for it!" I added. The wine had begun to take just enough of the edge off the day and a long week to make us both a little silly. 

I returned in seconds with a small ice-cold aerosol can of extra thick and rich whipped cream from the same deli in hand. Making a funny and exaggerated ritual of it, I shook the can vigorously, turned it upside down, and in a tiny flourish squeezed out a perfect swirl of whipped cream onto the flaky crust of my strudel. "Voila!" I exclaimed in an exaggerated tone of mock triumph.

"Okay, now it's your turn..." I began, turning her plate towards me and shaking the can once more. Then as I flipped the spout downward to begin, my fingers slipped off the can's icy exterior and the cream, instead of landing on the top of the apple desert as I intended, sprayed all over the front of her dress!

In my tired and slightly buzzed state, it all struck me so funny that I couldn't keep myself from laughing. Gina looked at me in silent, mock anger, then she couldn't stop herself from laughing with me. She made a grab for the can and I knew what she had in mind but I moved it away from her just in time. She made another grab as I fell back onto the couch and wriggled away from her, all the time keeping the can out of her reach. Then I got up and made a dash for the kitchen, Gina in hot pursuit, both of us squealing like schoolgirls. I quickly replaced the can into the refrigerator and slammed the fridge door closed, standing guard in front of it just as she caught up to me.

Stymied, Gina could only stand there and glare at me, saying in mock anger, "I'll get you for this, Jools." I couldn't get the stupid grin off my face

"I'm sorry, Gina, really, I didn't mean to do that. Here, let me help you clean that off your dress."

She relented and began to calm down. I could see that nothing good would result from my initial attempts to clean off the cream with cloths and water. 

"Nope, this won't work. I'll have the dress cleaned for you. The least that I can do. C'mon, I'll find you something else to wear in the meantime." I took her hand in mine and began to lead her away like two baby sisters playing in a garden.

"Where are you taking me?" she asked.

"To my bedroom clothes closet to see what we have in there for you to wear. You can't stay in that wet thing."

Coming up with no alternative, she came along.

"Okay let's see... hmmm... how about this for now?" I asked, handing her a comfy fitting set of designer cotton sweats to put on.

"Okay..."

"Off with you, get out of that dress, and put these on then. Our desert still awaits," I ordered her, pointing towards the large bath off my master bedroom. She exited, sweats in hand along with a cotton t-shirt and panties for her underwear.

She was gone just a couple of minutes, and while she was, I brought in the strudel and two fresh hot cups of coffee on a tray which I placed on the nightstand next to my make up counter. While in the kitchen I also made a point of properly anointing her apple desert with the whipped cream swirl. And putting the can back into the fridge! So everything was set and we were ready to begin over.

"Oh... thanks, Jools. These are so comfortable. And nice and soft."

"Yes, aren't they, though. I'm sorry again, Gina. Didn't mean it."

"I know that, I wasn't really angry, Jools, accidents happen. That strudel looks good."

"Dig in, " I invited her, gesturing towards the tray. I had pulled up a couple of upholstered seats next to the nightstand for us both. "Come, sit here next to me." She did.

I watched her as she began her desert and coffee and she struck me as so cute just then that I was hit with a strong wave of attraction and arousal for my little girlfriend. I would have loved to lean over and kiss her lips softly right then, but if I had she probably would have bolted out of my home like a frightened deer. Couldn't let that happen. Calm down, Jools, I had to remind myself. Calm down, all things in time. 

"Umm, this is great..." she murmured.

"Yes... hey, I'll be right back," I said as I rose once again towards the kitchen. I knew what I'd forgotten - finger bowls of hot water and steaming little washcloths to cleanse our fingers from the sugary desert.

I brought that back and sat down next to her, closer than before. I wondered if she'd noticed the difference.

"Wow, that's an interesting and lovely binder," she said, pointing to the thick black leather photo album with brass clasp lying on the night table next to my bed.

"Take a look," I invited her to pick it up.

"Well, as long as my hands are clean," she replied, meaning from the desert residue. She dipped her hands in the fingerbowl and wiped them with the washcloth once again for good measure, then reached for the binder. She was about to get a startling surprise. I could feel the tension building in my stomach in anticipation of what she was about to see of and about me.

That album collected a series of hundreds of high-res professional photo prints taken at Barb's, a girlfriend and casual lover's estate on the south shore of Long Island. Barb is a professional model and sometime B-video actress. I was visiting one day when her photographer friend, Danny, showed up the same afternoon, keen to try out his new digital camera equipment. On Barb, of course.

What changed was that he invited me to join in the modeling session. Barb enthusiastically agreed, and I was thrilled and flattered at the suggestion.

Barb had quite a wardrobe of tiny little things, swimsuits, sun suits, and we are so close in body type and fit, it went wonderfully. It began formally enough, with me being a little excited and self-conscious, but they were both so relaxed and nice that I quickly loosened up. Then the devilish Danny took advantage of the mood to get us to doff most of the clothing props as the session progressed. We went from fully clothed to topless to nude together by session's end. He must have snapped 500 photos on that digital thing. I was getting more and more aroused by the moment, being in such close proximity to Barb's hot body and in faux loving poses at the same time that I was exposing everything I had to her and Danny's eyes. That's because at heart I am definitely a bad, bad girl, a little exhibitionist. Though we didn't pose in explicit fashion, enough of my skin was revealed to the camera that day so that getting a Jools DNA sample wouldn't pose too much of a problem, I'm sure. LOL.

As soon as Danny left, and he blessedly did in quick fashion, escaping like a thief with his digital booty, Barb and I rushed to her big, soft bed where we worked out a mutually urgent need to release our pent-up sexual arousal for each other for a couple of hours. By the time we were done making love, I was blissfully satisfied and wiped out. What a day it was! Whoo, baby!

Now Gina was about to see the progressively revealing product of that outdoor photo session, if not the blatantly pornographic scene that my later Sapphic lovemaking with Barb would have been on photo paper. No one and nothing captured that! But the regular session photos were plenty erotic enough for anyone's taste. I was happy to have my own complete collection of them and I treasured them for that reason. I splurged on that expensive embossed leather binder to archive them. 

I took the large, heavy album and placed it on my bed. I motioned for Gina to sit there so she could examine it easily without having to balance it on her lap. 

As she opened the album and turned to the first page, the initial splash of high-res color photos dazzled her. Gina's eyes grew wide and consumed with intense curiosity.

I briefed her on what the photos were about. She nodded silently and continued to pore through the collection, giving each a thorough going over with her eyes, and in some cases, running her fingertips over the photos, fascinated.

Then fate intervened most propitiously in the form of a timely phone call. The pink designer phone on my night table chimed low as its little light on top blinked softly. It was my brother Robert calling in from California about some frankly boring family stuff. But the call created a safe place for me to study Gina's slow, deliberate page-turning submersion in the photo essay without becoming the awkward voyeur to her obvious and deepening arousal over the heavily suggestive Sapphic content of my poses with Barb. I noticed Gina's breathing getting slower and deeper, her eyes widening, and a flush beginning to fill her face, especially her lips. That always happens to me when I'm getting excited, my lips feel hot and sensitive. I love that sensation, it usually means I'm going have sex, or at least, a pleasurable interval of masturbation.

I scooched over to a position behind Gina on the bed, leaning over her shoulder so I could have a view of the page she was on. While Robert would drone on at the other end of the phone line in his characteristic long-winded and rambling manner, I would cover the receiver with my hand and lean closer in to one of Gina's tiny ears to whisper little comments about the group of photos on the page she had open, and the one about to follow. I'd been over this collection so many times myself that I'd memorized the next sequence and the one after that as well as I knew anything in the world.

Naughty girl that I am, I took full advantage of the situation to make sure she was getting a nice feel of my body against hers, my face against the side of her face, my lips next to her ear, and my voice whispering to her in as sexy and seductive a way as I could. I would reach up with my free hand to push back her hair from behind her ear as if it was in the way but actually it was my way of teasing her with my touch. I love it when someone touches me there.

So Robert talked on, me hardly listening, just saying "Yes" occasionally, as Gina moved ever more excited through the pages of the album. After about 10 more minutes, Robert finished talking and I wished him love and got off the phone, gently hanging up the receiver. Finally!

What had me terribly excited at that point was the very next page Gina would open featured the infamous series of snaps showing Barb and I sitting and facing each other on a big boulder next to the goldfish pond in her yard, locked in a topless embrace, our breasts pressed up against each other, our faces drawing closer in each successive photo, culminating finally in some hot tongue kisses. As actual lovers, we really were kissing in those shots, not faking it at all. They are a very erotic set of photos, and I couldn't wait to see Gina's reaction to them. I suspected that if she had any feelings for other women at all, that set would flush them out.

I leaned in even closer to her this time, whispering that the next page of photos had some more explicit nude poses between Barb and I and that I wanted to let her know what to expect before she got there . I let my lips "accidentally" brush up against her ear as I did. She seemed to welcome the flesh to flesh contact and that threw my arousal into highest gear. Now I was feeling sure that something was going to happen between us this night.

She turned the page, and her eyes went immediately to the photos of the kissing. Her breaths were getting deeper and longer. I thought to myself, there will never be a better time, Jools. Don't blow this opportunity or you'll always regret it.

I leaned myself full against her back and grasped the tops of each of her shoulders with my fingers, beginning a slow, sensuous massage there. She didn't flinch from my touch.

"Um, that feels great, Jools! Wow! Thanks. Please don't stop..."

I didn't. I kept up the sensuous massage and eventually, the combination of that good feeling and the impact of the photo spread began to get to her. She was definitely getting aroused. I could feel the heat coming from her body and see the flush upon her skin. I traced my fingers down the back of her neck and around to the front of her top.

I pressed my lips against the base of her throat as I let my hands slip on top of her luscious braless breasts through the cotton top. I massaged and squeezed them gently with my palms and fingertips. I could feel her already erect nipples through the flesh.

She moaned once, let go of the album, and put her hands on top of mine in acceptance of my advance. Then she turned her face back to me and I kissed her softly.

It was a closed mouth kiss at first, my lips rubbing gently on hers and she rubbing hers back. But is soon became a mutual tongue to tongue kiss, one of the most erotic and exciting I'd ever experienced because her transformation from a staunch heterosexual woman into a willing Sapphic partner was so swift and complete.

When her soft, sweet little tongue entered my mouth and I was in heaven. I kissed her back, harder, taking her face in my hands as we slowly and sensuously french kissed.

After about a minute, we broke the kiss. It was completely silent in my room. The air was full of restless anticipation of what was going to happen next. We were about to become lovers, we both knew it. She looked back at me, those eyes full of joy. I smiled back at her. I ran my fingers across her forehead, down her cheek, and used just the tip of my pinkie to trace the outline of her lips. Her lips were hot, very hot.

Our eyes locked then.

"You are so beautiful, Gina. I mean that. You are as precious and beautiful as a real little angel. And sexy, too."

I smiled wider, and she smiled back, those eyes lighting up as I continued to caress her face with my open hand.

I gently prodded her to lie down on my bed and I moved on top of her.

I leaned my face towards hers and as softly and gently as possible and once again pressed my lips upon hers. She responded immediately, pressing back as our lips played upon each other in another deep, french kiss. Our lips and tongues played upon each others for longer this time, exploring and nurturing our developing passion for each other, our breathing getting more excited with each moment. Gina moaned slightly.

In a sure sign that our feelings and intentions were in perfect synch with each other, we both broke the kiss at exactly the same moment and moved our heads into position for an even deeper kiss and more passionate kiss.

I began to kiss down the side of her face and then down her throat, softly unzipping the front of her top where I nuzzled my face onto her ample breasts.

When I began to suck upon each of her erect nipples through the cotton of her t-shirt she was running her fingers through my hair and moaning low in pleasure.

I lifted up her t-shirt and continued to lick and suck her breasts and nipples, flesh upon flesh this time without the cloth barrier intervening between my mouth and tongue and her softness.

I lifted her arms and removed her top, then pulled the t-shirt off over her head and tossed it onto the carpet.

In moments I'd removed my own blouse and bra and was upon my beautiful little girlfriend again.

I moved my face up to hers and we embraced in another long kiss, breasts upon breasts, just like Barb and I had in the photographs.

Gina was kissing me back hungrily.

"You are lovely, lovely, baby," I told her. I licked down the side of her face, down her throat, to her breasts again, and kept moving down, until I was pulling the bottom off from her legs and she was left with only the cotton panties I'd given her to wear. 

She was so wet already that the panties were totally soaked around the front, revealing the outline of her swollen pussy lips where the cotton clung to her slit. God, that made me so excited I thought I was going to pass out. The blood in my head was beating so hard, and it was pounding in my ears!

I slowly pulled her panties down and off her legs and also tossed them down onto the carpeting. 

Then I spread her legs and looked at her pussy, the thin, soft curls of hair there soaking in her sweet juices for a moment, before I thought what might feel really good to her right then would be one of the hot washcloths, from the finger bowls we'd used earlier, pressing upon her sex. So I did that and my hunch was perfect. The textured surface of the cloth along with the warm water must have felt wonderfully comforting and arousing to her. As I moved it softly up and down upon her sex she became more and more aroused, arching her back, extending her legs straight out, and begging me not to stop. 
