 My daughter Jo is a vibrant and beautiful 18 year-old. When she moved out of our home to go to college, I would find myself sitting on her bed in her room, thinking about my little girl. I was too depressed about Jo's leaving that I didn't clean her room for quite some time, wanting to somehow preserve her essence as it once was. I finally braced myself for the day when I would fully accept the fact that my little girl was gone and living her own exciting life, and go through her things and clean up a bit. 

I found the most curious thing tucked in her closet. When I found it I was surprised she hadn't taken it with her because it was a journal of sorts that she had apparently been keeping since she was 13. Now that Jo was 18 she was out of the house more. I found her journal, and I couldn't help myself and I began to read. The first couple of pages contained all the typical nonsense you would expect to find in a teenager's journal. Then I came across an entry that at first horrified, then became almost a fantasy to me as I replayed her experience in my mind. I want to share it with you now. It was dated yesterday, and she was at her best friend Heather's house for a sleepover. 

Here is how Jo told it.

I had just taken a shower and was wrapped in my towel when I walked into Heather's bedroom. As I crossed the room to my bag to get my hairbrush, the towel fell off, leaving me totally exposed in front of Heather! I was totally embarrassed!!! I sat in the floor blushing like an absolute fool, trying to grab my towel and salvage my dignity. I heard the melody of Heather's voice as she told me not to be embarrassed, she told me, as she moved to my side, that she thought I was very pretty. She also revealed to me that she was jealous, because my boobs were bigger than hers. I wasn't sure at all where this conversation was going. I could only sit there and wonder what was going on. Heather put her arm around me, and pulling me tight to her, and told me, that I was her best friend and that she wanted to share something very special with me. 

I weakly smiled at her words but was caught totally off guard when Heather leaned forward and she gently placed her lips onto mine and started kissing me. My eyes widened and I saw her closed eyes, and felt her oh so soft lips on mine. I felt her tongue briefly flick across my mine, she broke the kiss and her beautiful eyes opened and seemed to look more deeply into my eyes, seeing things I didn't even know existed inside my very being. I still sat in silence, unable to stop her as she pushed my towel away to expose my breasts. I think the only person to see my breasts in the last 7 years was my Mum. My jaw dropped open and I just stared at Heather, finally managing to ask her what was happening in a stammering a voice. She hushed me by putting a finger to my lips, then kissed me again. I had never kissed anyone before, let alone a woman. I always thought that my first kiss would be with a boy, not another girl! I felt totally lost, unable to protest or move away, I was unsure if that is what I wanted to do. My breath hissed through my lips as I felt Heather's mouth seek out and find the nipple of my left breast. 

My young breasts seem to swell with excitement and became ever more sensitive to her attentions. I was surprised to hear a sound, a low, almost inhuman sound, and even more surprised when I realized it was coming from me. Heather gently but insistently pushed me onto my back, and began to kiss my neck, lips, and breasts. I must have been quite a sight. I was lying there all stiff and straight, with my legs clamped tightly together and arms lying down by my sides. I heard Heather whisper that she wasn't going to hurt me. She told me she wanted to lick me and make me feel really good. My head was in a whirl. No one had ever done anything like this to me! I had never even touched myself when I was 18, much less felt gratification, and Heather was told me she wanted me.

Me! I couldn't believe it!! I felt Heather's kisses go lower and lower. Soon they were around my stomach and hips. I felt her hot breath stir the curls on my mound. This created a totally new sensation in me. She kept kissing around my navel and then going down, further, and suddenly, my legs just fell open for her and she went down on me. Her tongue worked its magic on my labia and I felt them swell and an unfamiliar excitement began to pour through me! I felt a new sensation of wetness flowing from my vagina. It seemed to form deep inside my body and force its way to the outside, almost a true river of desire. 

Heather was moaning into my pussy how wonderful I tasted, and my body was showing signs of life by my hands moving toward her head and holding it there while I caressed her hair and began to mumble incoherently. I felt her tongue penetrate me like nothing had ever done before and I almost cried out, but silenced myself with my towel I had clinched earlier. I couldn't believe what I was feeling. It was so wonderful. Heather's tongue was replaced by her fingers. I gasped when she pushed two fingers deep inside my body. Then her mouth attacked my clit. Her tongue lashed it and flicked it and her teeth raked across it, leaving me in a trembling mass of nerve endings. Suddenly, I felt a tremendous pressure build deep inside! I didn't know what it was yet, but I felt it would be wonderful. Suddenly, the first orgasm of my life ripped through my clit and pussy! My juices flowed out and Heather was lapping them up with wild abandon! I came then, screaming into my towel. 

Afraid that Heather's Mum would hear us, but not willing to let go of this beautiful feeling. Now I became the aggressor! I pulled Heather up from between my legs and kissed her, tasting my juices on her lips, and wanted more. My tongue plunged into her mouth and I was almost crying into her mouth as I kissed her with my very being. After tasting myself, I knew I just had to taste Heather. I lifted off her nightshirt, I pulled her around and paused a while gazing at her breasts, I leaned forward and my mouth found her breasts. I loved the feeling as her nipples came alive in my mouth. Kissing my way down her little perfect body, gazing intently at her now openly offered pussy, as I kissed her thighs. I could feel the heat on my cheek as it radiated out of her. She was so beautiful. Framed by a wispy shroud of light blonde hair, it stood invitingly open for me to feast on. Her pussy was heaven! My tongue immediately plunged deep inside her and I heard her gasp. I lapped her pussy from bottom to top, relishing in the taste, like honey, but hotter! I began to force my tongue inside her, past the labia and into her folds. When I had wiggled it as deep as it could go, I began to piston it in and out of her.

I could feel her pussy muscles grasping in vain at my tongue as I worked her pussy like a miniature cock. Soon her hips began to sway and I felt her hands in my hair. She was beginning to moan now and I knew she was close. I concentrated my efforts on her clit, which I had so far ignored. I was amazed at how erect it was, peeking from its hood, begging for attention. I captured it in my mouth and began to light suck on it while my tongue flicked ever so lightly on it. This seemed to put Heather in orbit as I heard her moan in ecstasy and her thighs clamped tightly around my head. I laid there looking at her lovingly and very pleased. "My turn!" she said, I sat up quickly and pushed her onto my bed. I was ready to eat her tight virgin pussy really badly, kiss and bite it, tease it vehemently; I could see it dripping with her juices. The moment passed by and now my lips touched her pussy and clit! I knew she was in heaven. I started licking gently; she started to moan softly, begging me to do that faster. Going against her wishes, I started to tease her with my tongue; I started from kissing her breasts gently, sucking on her beautiful nipples and getting them nice and hard! Then I continued working my way down kissing her pussy, moving my hands up to her breasts and pinching them hard, twisting them. I then started licking her clit up and down, sliding my tongue in and out of her soaked pussy, it tasted so good!

I loved the taste of her juices. She handed me her vibrator, and put it in her wet pussy, rubbing it over her clit for just a second! Then I put the tip of the toy into her pussy teasingly. I slowly pushed the vibrator all the way in, then out. She started moaning begging me go faster and harder. I started going around in circles along that lovely pink tight hole, before sticking it in. I started moving it in and out, faster and deeper each time. My mouth was sucking on her beautiful puffy clit, licking up her juices. I spread her pussy lips gently so I could move my tongue in and out with the vibrators rhythm. She couldn't take it anymore, I could see her body started to convulse in a raging orgasmic wave, she let out a long moan: "God, I'm cumming! And started thrusting and thrusting her hips furiously, her juices squirting into my mouth! It tasted so good, I lapped all her juices as her body started to settle down. I could tell that her orgasm was a strong one, and I had done a very good job for it was my first time giving oral to a girl. In fact, that was just the beginning of a new found relationship.

I drank Heather's juices, and when I snuggled up next to her on the floor, she kissed and licked all her juices from my face. We fell asleep in each other's arms.