 Teri screamed as she came for the fourth time that evening, as she felt Steve shooting his second load deep into her hot receptive pussy. "My God Teri, you are insatiable tonight... what has gotten into you?" Teri was collapsed on the bed, lost in the fog of the afterglow. She loved the way her husband fucked her, he was so good in bed... but Teri had something else on her mind at the moment as well. 

Teri was a stunningly beautiful woman, with an incredible body and a gorgeous face. Everyone she knew compared her looks and body to Angelina Jolie, and there was much more than a passing resemblance to the sexy actress, right down to her luscious lips. Steve knew he lucked out when he met Teri, and his friends constantly reminded him they were waiting in line behind him if he ever tired of his gorgeous wife. There was little chance of that happening, for as beautiful as her face and body were, her libido was incredible. She was enthusiastic and imaginative in bed, and kept her man very satisfied, not only with both her beautiful mouth and her sexy shaved always-wet pussy, but her sexy personality and devastating smile as well.

"Remember me telling you about Mandy, my friend from the gym?" How could Steve forget? The woman Teri described was a 5'2", 100 lb red-haired vixen with big firm tits, a slender waist, and a body that Teri described as "meant for fucking." Steve thought about the couple of times he had stroked his big cock in the shower as he imagined his stunningly beautiful wife seducing this gorgeous girl, in their bed, and sharing her with him. "I think I remember her, why...?"

Teri knew her husband well enough to know he was lying, and she chuckled at him... he always made her laugh. "Well, she told me yesterday that she broke up with her boyfriend, Rick... you know him, right? Damn fool that he is. Apparently he thought she was too inhibited in bed, and he left her for some slut from work." She spoke slowly and relaxed, almost as if talking in her sleep, "Personally, I blame Rick... I am sure she would blossom if the right person got a hold of her..." She trailed off without really explaining herself.

"Anyway, she was devastated... so I told her she could come stay with us this weekend. I hope that's ok with you." Steve nodded, and smiled a little to himself. His wife has shared her fantasy of being with another woman, although she had never acted on it. He also knew that she was more than a little attracted to Mandy from the detailed description of her body that she had given him from seeing it in the locker room... right down to the hair on her pussy that matched her head. The thought of his wife licking that red-haired pussy was the thought that caused him to paint the shower walls with his thick cum on more than one morning.

Friday night Steve arrived home to the sound of the 2 women talking in the kitchen, and soft feminine laughter, and he felt his cock stir. He pushed the thoughts out of his mind, and walked in the kitchen and kissed his wife... a deep passionate kiss as always, and she returned it just as passionately. It was Mandy's nervous giggle that reminded them they had guests, and they broke the clinch so Teri could introduce Mandy to her husband.

The redhead was still blushing from the sight of the sexy couple in a passionate kiss as Steve extended his hand and introduced himself, "You must be Mandy, hi, I'm Steve" He smiled as he looked Mandy deep into her green eyes. He had a way of both putting people at ease with his smile, and yet, making them somehow anxious with his stare. Mandy looked transfixed back at him, and could only manage a feeble "uh huh" in return. "I think she likes you Steve", Teri laughed, "I better keep a close eye on you two." Mandy felt herself blush even deeper, and the other two laughed again.

Steve cooked dinner as the two women talked and drank wine, and watched him in action. In the kitchen, he moved the way an athlete moved on the field, or on the court... with grace, elegance, and plenty of style. Mandy couldn't help but feel jealous of her friend; Steve was the kind of man every woman lusted after. He was handsome, very charming, and from the way his pants fit, she knew why Teri was always in a good mood. She felt her own panties dampening at the thought.

After dinner, Steve cleared away the dishes so the two women could continue to talk in the other room, and opened their third bottle of wine. Mandy was obviously beginning to feel tipsy, and slurred her speech a little. Emboldened a bit by her friend's drunken state, Teri was touching her more and more as the evening wore on, on her hand, her arm, her leg, occasionally even hugging her to show support for her friend. And Mandy was obviously enjoying the physical contact almost as much as she was enjoying looking at the impressive bulge between Steve's legs. 

Feeling suddenly lightheaded, Mandy attempted to stand up, say good night, and walk into her room. When the room started violently spinning, she lost her balance and fell right into Steve's lap. She felt his hands on her body as he attempted to catch her, and one hand actually closed on her breast as he did. As she started to blackout, she felt Teri's soft lips press against hers, and she moaned softly.

Her dreams were filled with erotic visions of large hard cocks, and big firm hands all over her body. But there were also those soft lips, Teri's lips, which floated in and out of her dreams as well. So soft... she could feel her pussy moistening under the attention she was receiving. And the sounds; they sound so very sensual... like someone else was really enjoying the attention they were receiving as well.

As she awoke, and her head began to clear she realized that the sounds she had heard were not dreamed, but were actually quite real. And they were coming not from the next room, as she initially thought, but from outside. The couple had a huge yard, and no neighbors for several hundred yards. Teri had confided to her that she and Steve loved to soak naked in their outdoor hot tub. Hoping to maybe catch a glimpse of the man she spent almost the entire evening lusting after, Mandy threw back the covers to go investigate.

As she went to get up, she suddenly realized she was completely naked except for her skimpy lace thong she was wearing under her jeans. Unable to remember too much, she wondered how she had come to be in this state of undress. She remembered falling on Steve... remembered the feeling of his hands on her body... the feeling of being in his arms... mmmm.... but not much after that. Teri must have undressed her, she quickly realized. Then she thought; had Steve helped her undress her unconscious body? Had they both seen her undressed? The thought made her blush, and more than a little uncomfortable, but also more than a little curious. What had Steve thought of her almost naked body? Or Teri, for that matter, what had she thought of her body as she undressed her? The thought made her shiver.

As she got up and crept over to the window, the sounds had changed... gotten more excited, more urgent. As she looked out, she gasped loudly at the sight that greeted her... Teri was on her knees in the hot tub, apparently naked, while Steve was sitting the edge with just his legs hanging inside, obviously naked. He appeared to be yawning; his head was thrown back, his eyes closed, and his mouth open. But the noise she was hearing was not that of a yawn. It was then that Mandy realized that Teri was on her knees because she was sucking her husband's long fat cock.

From the angle she was at, Mandy had more of a side view that allowed her to take in all the action. She could see his entire cock, as Teri slid her mouth up and down that long shaft, taking him deep into her throat. Sometimes Teri would stroke him with her one hand as well, other times she would squeeze and pinch her own hard nipples. The other hand was busy below the water, where Teri was apparently rubbing her pussy and fingering herself. Steve was obviously enjoying her skills immensely, judging from his expression and loud moans. The sight made Mandy rub her own pussy in excitement.

Suddenly Steve stood up, and Mandy froze; had he seen her watching them? She would be so embarrassed if she was caught, but she was also incredibly turned on by then, and she couldn't look away or stop fingering herself. Steve then tried to pull Teri to her feet as well, but she seemed reluctant to let go of his cock. When she finally relented and released it, it sprang up with such force that Mandy could hear it slap against his stomach. He pulled her to him, and kissed her deeply; a kiss so deep that it made Mandy's pussy instantly drip with excitement. How she longed to be kissed like that. She slid two fingers deep into her own pussy, and pinched one of her hard nipples as she watched.

Steve then turned Teri around and she bent over for him, and Steve caressed her sweet ass for a second. Mandy couldn't help but be jealous of that naturally tight firm ass that Teri maintained almost effortlessly, and she thought of how good it looked in the kind of tight pants Teri loved to wear. She realized what she was thinking, and pushed the thoughts out of her mind, and back to her friend's husband... and his cock.

She continued to finger her wet pussy as Steve got behind his wife and began to slide that massive cock between her legs. She couldn't quite see that impressive meat as it slid between her engorged lips and deep into her pussy, but she knew from Teri's reaction when it did. Her head snapped back, her eyes closed, and she moaned "Yesssssssssss baby, fuck me!" She pleaded with Steve, as her husband obliged by sliding more of his cock even deeper in her soaking pussy. As he began a long slow in and out motion, Teri's moans turned to screams. 

Mandy couldn't take it any longer, and began to experience a long hot drawn out explosion of an orgasm that almost made her knees buckle. It started in the pit of her stomach, and spread like a raging firestorm, culminating in a long series of spasms that totally wracked her body, making her shudder over and over, as wave after wave of pleasure crashed through her body. She saw stars and felt her asshole pucker again and again, and her pussy pulsated around her fingers. As she began to collapse, she grabbed the towel rack as she slid down the wall and slumped to the floor.

As she fought to catch her breath, Mandy decided that what she really needed was a long hot shower to get her mind off of sex. As Mandy listened, the sexy couple continued making their sweet love in the hot tub outside, and she stepped into the shower. As she lathered herself all over, her thoughts ran to how nice it would be to be with a man again. Her body drenched in the hot, bubbly water, Mandy slowly felt those familiar feelings of lust and longing seething through her body. As she rubbed the scented bubbles all over full breasts, she noticed her nipples were hardening, and growing more sensitive again. She could also feel the wetness returning between her legs, her neatly trimmed red-haired pussy getting wetter and wetter, and not just from the water. 

Oh, how long it had been since she had had sex. Really, really good hard sex! How she wished she were in Teri's shoes, or more accurately, in her bed. To be able to fuck Steve's brains out, and have no regrets. She fantasized about sucking that cock, about tasting it... taking it deep in her throat as she had just watched Teri do this morning. Which was odd for her; one of Rick's biggest complaints was that she would never suck him. But as beautiful as Steve's cock was, he was married to her friend, so that was just not possible, and she pushed it out of her mind again.

Feeling relaxed from the long shower, Mandy had lain down on the towel on her bed, and continued caressing her body. The orgasm she had was so wonderful, but instead of quelling her desire it seemed to fan the flames. God, how she longed to be touched by hands other than her own. As one hand fell down and began to massage her clit, the other began squeezing her breasts, and softly twisting her nipples. Mandy felt that familiar rising within her, as she could feel an orgasm building slowly. She began to moan softly, dreaming of Steve and Teri making love, then of being between them, dreaming of numerous pairs of hands touching her body, and of several tongues feasting on her every inch..."Ungggghhhhh", she cried quietly... her arousal made even more intense by the inclusion of Teri in her fantasies...

Mandy didn't even hear Steve and Teri re-enter the house through the back door, and begin calling her name. Temporarily satisfied from their uncharacteristically brief lovemaking, they had decided to go out for breakfast rather than cook. They had put their swimsuits back on and came in to invite Mandy to go along with them. Not getting a response, Steve and Teri both crept up the stairs, where they thought they could hear Mandy crying. They both gasped as they opened the door and walked into her bedroom, and saw her lying naked on her bed, obviously in the throes of pleasure.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry!" Teri exclaimed, in embarrassment.

Mandy, likewise, jumped up and tried to shield her body with her towel. This was fruitless, of course, as her body was still wet from the bath and she was half sitting on the towel. She looked at the shock on Teri's face, and the obvious redness on Steve's. This would teach her to be masturbating in her friend's house!

"I'm so embarrassed!" shrieked Mandy. "I didn't even hear you, I mean see you... I'm sorry, what time is it?" Mandy was obviously totally caught off guard.

Steve piped up, "We were just going out for some breakfast, Mandy, and we wanted to invite you to join us."

Teri, however, had other ideas entering her head. Always audacious, she sensed an opportunity here. This was one reason she had brought Mandy into their home, and she wouldn't let an opportunity like this pass. She felt a craving for this other woman -- not one she could easily turn away from. She walked past Steve, and sat next to Mandy on the bed. Mandy was shocked at Teri's unmistakably overt behavior, and could only stare at her...

"Steve, I think Mandy could use a little help here." She quipped. Teri reached out, and began running a hand along Mandy's bare thigh. Excitement raced through her body as she did so. She knew she could possibly lose her friend, or worse. However, she desired Mandy, and fate had presented the perfect opportunity. Watching Mandy around Steve all last night had gotten her so horny, and the quickie in the hot tub had just made it worse. What a better way to seduce him, and Mandy, and have fun herself?

Mandy pulled backwards; away from Teri's touch, even as her hand tried to pull away the towel and reveal Mandy's big firm breasts. "Teri, My God, what is wrong with you!" A shocked Mandy replied, half because Teri's advances stunned her, and half because she was bewildered by the surge of pleasure going through her body.

Teri moved towards Mandy, and pushed her back on the bed. "Steve, I think Mandy really needs to be touched. Look how wet and soft her skin is, and how hard her nipples are." As Teri purred, her fingers danced over Mandy's engorged nipples, as they puckered to her touch.

"Ohhhhhh, please stop..." Mandy moaned less than convincingly. "This is so wrong", she thought to herself. But her body betrayed her excitement as her nipples hardened even more, and her breathing became even heavier.

As Teri lowered her head to suck one of Mandy's nipples into her hot mouth, Mandy tried to push her away. Teri released the nipple momentarily and spoke to her surprised husband, "Steve, why don't you help me with Mandy..."

Just then, Mandy felt Steve's hands pin her arms to her sides, rendering her helpless. Teri was lying over her legs now, so she could not move or push her away. Steve could smell the distinct scent of lust on both of them. Then Mandy gasped loudly as Teri's mouth descended over her nipple, greedily sucking it into her mouth. 

Teri loved the sensation of Mandy's nipple hardening in her mouth, as she chewed it and sucked it in while massaging her large breast. As Mandy opened her mouth to protest, Steve leaned down and stuck his tongue in it, kissing her deeply. She loved the sensation of this firm masculine tongue eagerly thrusting in her mouth; reminding her of those make out sessions with Rick she missed so badly. And Teri's mouth on her firm breasts was driving her wild with lust.

As Steve held her arms down, Teri licked her way down Mandy's belly, pausing at the belly button to let her tongue squirm around inside. Mandy jumped, making very nervous sounds. She sensed what Teri was going to do next, but was very anxious.

"Ohh noooooo.." Mandy moaned, as Teri began the serious task of licking her thighs, from below the kneecap to her panty line. As Mandy quivered with pleasure and nervousness, Teri asked "Steve, don't you think Mandy would love to suck your cock?"

Mandy looked up at the handsome man beside her, half questioning and half longing to taste him. As he removed his hands from hers to pull down his shorts, Teri reached up and secured them herself. Mandy could not get away. She was Steve and Teri's meal. And there was nothing she could do about it. And somehow, realizing that thought excited her even more.

As Steve pulled down his shorts, his firm 8-inch cock sprang out. Steve was ready to burst. From his short episode with Teri in the hot tub this morning, to this beautiful firm redhead lying in front of him, he could not control himself. He grabbed Mandy by her fiery mane, and gently but securely guided his cock into her mouth. Tentatively, she opened her mouth to take in this monster. It had been quite a while since she had given any man a blowjob, but she had obviously not lost her touch. Her tongue began teasing the head of his cock, and her sucking increased in speed, as she forgot how much she missed this. Steve emitted loud guttural moans as this hot, captive mouth worked wonders up and down his shaft.

Meanwhile, she had totally forgotten Teri, who was now nuzzling her face in her beautifully scented red haired pussy. It was too late to protest – and her mouth was full of Steve's cock anyways. Her legs seem to spread themselves as if they had a will of their own, and she had to admit a burning desire to have her pussy licked... and at this point she didn't care who licked it. Although deep down she had to admit to being extremely aroused by the sight of Teri's sexy face between her legs, but the though of performing 'lesbian sex' petrified her.

"Unghhhhh god..." She cried between sucks of Steve's cock. Nobody had ever licked her like this, and Teri's tongue was very talented. Teri craved the taste of Mandy's pussy, and hungrily ate her, taking her clit all the way into her mouth while she plunged first one, then two fingers into her pussy.

"Mmmmm. God you taste so sweet..." Teri cooed as she ate Mandy, relishing the way she twisted her body in response to each lick. Mandy tried to moan, but Steve was now enthusiastically fucking her mouth with his big cock, and moaning himself... "Ahhhhh! OHHHHHH! I'm going to cum..." He guided her head up and down his shaft firmly with one hand in her red hair, massaging her large firm breast and hard nipple with the other. Mandy had to admit that she loved the feeling of losing control, of being taken by these two wild lovers. She loved feeling Teri's tongue in her soaking wet pussy, her hands massaging her hips and probing her tight ass, and Steve's strong masculine hands all over her sensitive tits and his massive cock deep in her throat. She had never known such passion before.

Before Steve could cum, Teri abruptly got up from Mandy, and pulled him away. "Steve, wouldn't you love to fuck Mandy?" she cooed in his ear, as she gave it a soft lick. He looked hesitatingly at Teri, and at Mandy, not sure what to do next. Teri grabbed his erect member in one hand, and began pumping it slowly as she licked his ear. "Wouldn't you love to be inside that hot red haired pussy of hers? Wouldn't you love to cum inside her? Mandy, tell Steve how badly you want him to fuck that tight sweet little pussy of yours." Mandy could only moan in response, and Teri laughed.
