 Warning: 

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between 2 women. If this type of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 please do not read it. 

Author's Note: 

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded for personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you wish to re-post them at your own site, please contact the author for permission. 

Copyright 2006 Jan, All Rights Reserved. 

Please mail through the link below if you have suggestions for future stories, comments or feedback. This is my first story (or half story) so please be gentle ;) 

The Seduction of Susan (part 1) 

My name is Susan, and the story below is a true story that happened to me recently. I'm about 5'8", 31 years old and live somewhere in England with my husband. I have long brown hair, blue eyes, a good tan and I'm told a nice pair of legs. My breasts are 36D. 

I had been working in a sales office for a food distribution company for about 2 years. The job was easy, the money good and it was very close to home which pretty much made it the perfect job me. I had worked my way up in those 2 years to become the team leader of a department that looked after the biggest account we had. This account was worth millions to the firm every year and I was very proud to have been asked to look after it. They were a difficult company to work with and had made it clear on several occurrences that if we messed the order up, they would have no problems switching supplier and going else where. 

Being a call centre the staff were nearly all women. Only a few of the bigger bosses were men who appeared in the office only once every few days and it was down to people like me to get on with things and get the work done, but I had a good team working for me which took the pressure off most of the time and all in all I looked forward to going into work. 

There were a few clichés in the office and like most places where there was a high percentage of women, there was a fair amount of bitchiness that went on. Some of the other team leaders didn't like the fact I had done so well in the short time I had been there and was now in charge of the premier account within the company. I tried my best to stay out of things and just concentrate on the work. If I didn't bother them, they didn't bother me. I occasionally caught one woman in particular Mags, who managed IT looking over at me in the office and whispering to various people. It made me a bit uncomfortable sometimes but I tried my best to ignore it. She seemed to have a group of women who seemed to follow here around everywhere. I had only spoken to here rarely and she seemed very professional. Mags was about 25y old and a brunette with long hair curly hair. She has a curvy figure that seemed to get her lots of attention from the few males in the office. Plus she always seemed to wear short skirts and low cut tops. 

One evening I was working late in the office to finish off a big order that was due to go out the next day. Just as I finished the spreadsheet my computer went dead. I did the usual thing of rebooting but when the machine came back up I couldn't find it anywhere. I looked up at where the IT people sat and noticed that Mags was still at her desk. Nervously I got up and went over to her. 

"Hi Mags," I said, "I've been working for the last few days on that spreadsheet for the big order for tomorrow, and now it's gone missing." 

Mags looked up at me and smiled. "That's a shame," she said "will you be in trouble if you can't get it finished?" 

"Yeah I will be, you know what this account is like, could you have a look at see if you can get it back for me." 

"Sure," she said. With that she got up and went over to my desk. She spent a couple of minutes having a look around the computer. By this time I was getting really worried. My husband was expecting me home soon but I knew that no matter what I had to get this sheet done. There was no way I had time to get everything re-done by tomorrow morning and if I screwed this up I was going to lose my job. 

"The good news is I can get the file back for you," said Mags. "The bad news is that I'm not going to do it." 

"What do you mean not do it?" I said to her my eyes filling up with tears. "I know we've never really spoken in the past but please can you get it back?" 

Mags laughed at this. "We've never got on? I've barely spoken to you since you've been here. I don't have anything against you Susan. In fact I like you, I like you lot." 

"Please Mags," I said one last time "can you get the file back? I will do anything. Please" 

At this Mags smiled again and looked me up and down. "Will you do anything?" 

"Yes," I said "Just get the file back. I don't want to lose my job." 

"OK, "said Mags. " I will get the file back, but you have to do exactly what I tell you, do you understand?" 

"Yes," I sobbed. 

"OK, in case you haven't realised, I'm a lesbian. I like nothing better than going out and seducing women. Especially straight women. Are you straight Susan?" 

I nodded. 

"Good, then what you have to let me do is touch you, just once. That's all I want. Just do what I say, and let me have one little touch" 

"Where will you touch me?" I asked her feeling a little bit sick. 

"I'm not sure yet," she said." Just remember to do what I tell you and let me have my one touch when I want it. Do you understand?" 

Again I nodded. 

"Then let's get started. First of all I want you get undressed. Slowly. I want you to strip for me Susan, like you would for your husband" 

"Please don't make me do this," I pleaded one last time. 

"I will do what you want Susan, if you do what I want. I promise only one touch, then you can tell me to go away and I will never bother you again. I swear one touch is all I want; one touch is all I will need. If you want the file, strip. 

I stood in front of this woman now, wearing a long grey skirt and a blouse, knowing that this woman was going to try to seduce me. She had promised only one touch, I wasn't sure where it was going to be or what with, but if she could get the file back I would let her do it, the complain to the police afterwards. 

Slowly I started to unbutton my top. Mags watched with her eyes glued on my hands as they moved across my chest. She was wearing a short skirt which showed off her legs. One of her hands went down to her knees and she started to stroke the inside of her thigh. 

All of my buttons were undone now and I let the top fall to the floor. 

"You're doing very well so far Susan. You have lovely breasts; it's the first thing I noticed about you. I've spent many hours licking and sucking on my girlfriends nipples imagining that they were your breasts. Now I'm going to get to see them? Do you like the idea of 2 lesbians using you as their plaything?" 

I shook my head, to be told that 2 lesbians used me as an imaginary plaything in their fantasies was quite shocking. Shocking but oddly flattering. 

"Do you know how many girls I've seduced right here in this office?" Mags continued. "They all used to be straight, most of them married and now they come to me. Most still has sex with their husbands but when they want real sex, a real release they come to me. No man can make them cum like I can. No man has ever come close. If they are lucky, I let them play with each other" 

"I enjoy working here. You wouldn't believe how many of the women I have has sex with. Every one of them started out like you Susan. Reluctant or scared, but one touch is all it will take, one touch and you will be like them. You won't want me to stop ever. You will come to me on your hands and knees and beg me to lick you or let you lick me. You won't ever be able to stop. I will make you say it Susan, the words I love to hear, the one phrase I love better than all others. That I'm so much better than your husband, that he doesn't do it for you anymore, that you are now a lesbian. I will make you say it Susan." 

I stood there transfixed as Mag's hands went up her thighs and she start to touch herself. She re-arranged her skirt to give me a better view and I noticed that she wasn't wearing any underwear. I could see her fingers going in an out of her as she fingered herself. 

"I don't wear panties, you never know when you might need quick access," she giggled "I've been licked under the desk in the middle of the day a couple of times do you know that. While you have been sat there working only a few desks away Faye, Becky and others have licked me. Does that sound nice to you? Do you like the idea of Faye's face between your legs licking you? Of her big eyes looking up at you as she brings you to orgasm? No man can lick you like I can Susan, no man comes even close. Imagine my soft cheeks on your thighs, my moist lips on your lips, licking, teasing. Can you imagine it Susan? Does it turn you on?" 

I shook my head violently, but couldn't take my eyes off the sight of Mags fingers going in and out of her. 

"Do you like what you see Susan? They could be your fingers if you want them to be, or your tongue? You've stopped? Take your skirt off Susan; I want see all of you." 

I undid my skirt at the side and threw it to one side. I stood in front of Mags with only my underwear on. 

"Take off your bra." She ordered. 

I unclasped it at the back and took it off. I covered my self with hands. Seeing Mags do this to herself and imaging her getting licked was really doing something to me. I had always loved oral sex, my husband was good at it, and imaging what Mags was describing had made me wet down below. My nipples were standing erect. 

"Take away your hands," 

I removed my hands from my breasts and stood with only my panties on. 

"Very nice," Mags said, "very nice. Do you like you breasts played with? I do." With that Mags removed her top and let her breasts come loose. 

I gasped as I saw her breasts for the first time. They were perfect, the type of breast I would like, full and firm with small hard nipples on the end. 

"If you want to Susan, you can touch them now? I will let you lick the nipple and play with them. I will lean over you and let them spill into your face which you gorge yourself on my breast. I will play with yours all day before licking you and making you come again and again again. Do you want to touch them Susan?" 

I shook my head slowly, I was getting so turned on, but I knew that I shouldn't be doing this. No one could make me feel better than my husband; I wanted to get this over with and out the way. 

"OK, then remove you underwear," 

I slid the panties down my legs and kicked them to one side within easy reach when we were finished I want to get dressed as quickly as possible and get away. I stood there fully exposed to this beautiful lesbian, more turned on than I ever wanted to admit. 

"Susan, you really are beautiful you know that? Your husband is very lucky, but you are going to get luckier. Sit down in the chair." 

I backed away into the chair at the desk opposite. I tried to cover myself as best I could. 

"Open you legs up slightly," Mags asked me. I don't know why I did it, why I was doing any of this anymore, but I felt that I needed to, so I opened my legs. 

Again Mags laughed "Why Susan, it does appear that you are turned on. I didn't realise I was having this affect on you. Would you like me to do something about it? I can make you cum in no time, and then you will be begging for me to never stop. Would you like to cum?" 

"Yes," I said "but not with you, with my husband" 

"So you want to go? Okay, let me have my one touch and then I'm gone." 

Mags slid off of the chair and onto all fours. Slowly she crept towards me across the floor, never taking her eyes off of me. She came up between my legs, I felt her log hair gently brush my thigh and it sent shivers down my body. I felt my breathing speed up in anticipation. "One touch, I thought to myself "hen get out of here." 

Mags looked me in the eyes and smiled. "One touch and then this is over," she said "if you want it to be." 

I felt her breath on my pussy and I tingled with excitement. Then she extended her tongue and gently and slowly licked my from the bottom of my lips all the way top the top. She finished off by flicking my clit with her tongue. I was in ecstasy, I had never felt anything like it. Even with just one touch I felt like I was close to cumming. I kept my eyes closed and tried to ignore the feelings and thoughts that were going to through my head. 

I looked up and Mags had backed away and was starting to get dressed. I mumbled something at her. 

"I've had my one touch Susan, for that I thank you. What did you say by the way I didn't hear you?" she asked. 

I said it again, quietly, still not sure, "Please touch me again" 

"I still can't hear you Susan, if you want something you will have to speak louder" 

Finally I decided. I said it loud and clear. "Mags, please touch me gain." 

She stopped getting dressed and turned to me. "I want you to beg me Susan, tell me what It felt like, tell me how turned on you are, beg me to lick you to the best orgasm you will ever have" 

"It was nothing like I expected, I never though I could feel this way. Your tongue, it was fantastic. Just one lick and want more. Please I beg you, lick me." 

She stopped getting dressed and came towards me again. She bent her head down and kissed me on the lips. I had never kissed a woman before, but felt so turned on now, I would do what ever she wanted me to do to get what I needed. I kissed her back and her hand came up to my breast and started to massage it. Slowly she kissed her way down. Licking my nipple, she sucked gently and rolled it around in here mouth. She gorged her self on my breasts bringing me closer still to the orgasm that was inside me. 

"This is your last chance to leave now Susan, do you want me to lick you, do you want me to make you cum" 

"God yes," I screamed "make me cum, please, I beg you" 

Mags smiled and kissed her way down my belly until she was between my legs again.