 Finally, all our planning was coming to its conclusion. Ted was coming over to meet with me to see if we could come to a mutually satisfactory resolution of our differences. I was nervous about the meeting, but hoped that after it I would be reunited with my love, my all.

I heard a knock on the door, and answering it, found Ted, as expected. I was dressed as nicely as I could, with a matching blazer and skirt, with my prettiest silk blouse. I had put on sexy lacy lingerie under it, in case I "got lucky"! Ted looked equally stunning, wearing a sport coat that I'd not seen before, so I figured it was new. It was nice to know that he wanted to dress up for me. I was flattered and impressed by the depth of his concern.

"Hi, Ted, come on in," I said with a smile. "It's nice to see you again!" I kissed him on his cheek, as it didn't seem appropriate to kiss him more intimately at this point. "Won't you take a seat?" He looked nervous, and I did my best to put him at ease. "Can I get you some iced tea? You always liked that. Extra sugar, right?" 

"Yes, thank you Lisa," he said. "Well, the place looks very nice. You've done a wonderful job of decorating." I blushed prettily for him, and said, "Well, I took a course on decorating. I wanted to make the house look more like a home. Do you know what I mean?"

He said, "Yes, I think I do. I've been looking forward to our resolving our differences. I've missed you, Lisa."

"Well, I've missed you, too, Ted," I said. We sat down with our iced teas, and Ted began.

"Lisa, I'd like to talk about us getting back together. I really think we can have that good thing we once had. But, I have to tell you, if we can't work it out, you really need to give me consideration in the final settlement."

"What consideration is that, Ted?" I asked. "I want you to be happy, really, I want us both to be happy…"

"Well, I'll lay it out straight for you. I can haul your butt into divorce court anytime I want, because I happened to catch you in flagrante delicto. My lawyer says that means I caught you fucking that young girl. Now, I may not have to be that nasty with you, I sure don't want to be, but things are gonna have to change around here."

I gasped at the audacity of his coming right out and threatening me with blackmail like that. It looked like things wouldn't go as nicely as I had hoped. I felt my cheeks burning from my blush, and I knew Ted could clearly see that I was blushing.

"For one thing, you can just stop fucking other women, and anybody else you've been seeing. For another, you'll do anything and everything I tell you. Otherwise, it's back to D-I-V-O-R-C for you!" Ted never was any good at spelling, but that seems to be a common affliction with printers. "And last, but not least, I'm free to do and see anyone I want. If I want to go out and fuck some little filly, well, that's just what I'm going to do, and you won't say squat!"

"Ted, I can't believe that you're going to do that to me! Surely we can work things out cooperatively?"

"Fuck off, Lisa. I'm rulin' the roost now. I'm the master of this house now."

"Well, Ted," I pleaded, "how would you prove that I was with another woman? Wouldn't it just be your word against mine?"

"Sure it would…if I didn't happen to have an eyewitness with me who SAW you, in bed with another woman!" I gasped, and looked away.

"You had someone who can confirm what you're claiming?" I cried. "Who is it?"

"You don't need to know her name, just know that she SAW you, and can testify to it!" Ted yelled.

"Did she say that she would testify against me, Ted?" I said.

"What do you mean, 'did she say', I'm telling you she'll testify," Ted blustered.

"Well, why don't we make sure," I said. "It wouldn't do to find out that you and she saw two different things, would it?" 

"What the hell are you talking about?" Ted said, with a puzzled expression.

"Let's ask her," I said. "Oh, Dani, can you come in here for a minute?" I said in a loud voice.

"Sure, lover," she responded, as she walked out of the bedroom into the living room. She looked like a dyke's wet dream in sheer see-through bra and panties, covered modestly by a see through nightie. I could clearly see her nipples and her fine brown bush between her legs. She walked over to me and, taking my arm in hers, reached over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I turned my head to her and our lips met in a passionate kiss. We broke the kiss after a few seconds, and I turned back to Ted.

"Now, what were you saying, Ted?" His mouth hung open enough that a bat could have flown in there, which struck me as a pretty good idea, as empty as his head was. "Maybe you'd better re-interview your witness to make sure she saw what you saw."

"What the fuck…" Ted gasped out. Not fast on the uptake, my Ted! 

"Yeah, we've been doing a little fucking, haven't we, Dani?" I said.

Dani giggled. "And sucking, too…not to mention licking, and fingering!"

I thought I'd move things along, so I asked Ted's question of Dani myself.

"So, Dani, what did you see in my bedroom that day, long ago?"

"Nothing, Lisa. Nothing at all," Dani responded with a grin. Her hand rubbing my butt through the skirt seemed to have a distracting effect on Ted. Or perhaps it was just Dani's body language, which was telling ME a lot! I've got to hand it to Ted, though, he wasn't going to give up too easily, whether because of his grit or his stupidity.

"Uh, I can still make trouble for you Lisa, by filing, I mean by this divorce case dragging your name through the mud. You won't be able to show your face in this community, ever again!"

"I'm not too sure that showing my face is a big priority any more, but as to your divorce case…Karen, can you show us what you've got?" Karen came out of the same bedroom, wearing a conservative, professional looking business suit and severe looking glasses with horn rim frames, and adjusting her bra slightly, and looking a little flustered. I knew it wasn't from anticipating dealing with Ted, so I looked at Dani, and she just smiled and shrugged. Apparently, leaving Karen and Dani alone together was not necessarily an option for the future. In any case, I returned to dealing with Ted.

"Miss Brock, you've done some investigation into this matter. Please tell us what you've found."

Karen spoke up in her best business-like voice. "We determined two things. First, Mr. Summers had been having a physical affair with Miss Corella here for at least six months, and were seen by numerous individuals-"

"Oh, yes, THAT'S true!" Dani interjected.

"-and we determined that the so-called 'Writ of Divorce' that he served you with was not an official document, but a fraud."

"Meaning?" I said.

"Meaning some individual counterfeited a legal document and forged the signature of a justice of Family Court," Karen added.

"And that means…" I said.

"…that said individual could be charged with felony forgery." Karen finished.

"Oh my!" I said. "Ted, isn't that awful?" I smiled at him, and said, "You know, I would have been content to live as we did for the rest of my life. Then I met Karen, this young lady, and you tried to take advantage of me when you thought that I was under your thumb. I'm not the greatest person in the world, I know that now, but you are really beneath contempt. Our marriage, at least the part between you and me, is over and we ARE going to end it, my way, but my greatest concern is for the children we created, and whom I love with all my heart."

I outlined for Ted the new ways would be. We would each own the printing company with 50% shares, but he would run all the operations, answerable to outside auditors hired by me to see that he didn't skim money. That enabled me to now become a 'lady of leisure', or close to it, and to care for the kids all the way through college. I would also get the house, if I chose, and we would be officially divorced so that he could pursue his affairs, and honestly, I could too. I would have full custody of the children, but he would be allowed to visit almost any time he wanted, with notice.

I didn't want to punish the children by denying them their father, because I thought it would least disrupt their lives. Ted agreed verbally to all I dictated to him, and slunk out of the house. I'm not a hard-hearted person, but when he left, Karen, Dani and I broke out into gales of laughter, many because of the relief we felt that it was over. I suspect that Ted heard us laughing, and I hope he didn't think it was at his expense…or perhaps I do.

"Dani, where did you get that outrageous lingerie? You look like a whore's wet dream!" I said. 

"Well, I knew it would catch his eye, and I wanted to really shock him," Dani confessed. "To see that his girlfriend had turned into a lesbian before his eyes had to be quite a shock, and I enjoyed every moment of it," she said with a grin.

"Speaking of lesbian, what were you two doing in there before I called you out?" I asked.

"Well, you see," said Karen, "I thought Dani looked pretty nice, too. I complimented her on her body, and she, uh, responded to my comment very positively-"

"I wanted to fuck you right there, Karen, and you didn't just 'tell me' I had a nice body, you SHOWED me the parts you liked with your hands!" Dani exclaimed. "But anyway, we kept it together, sort of. Went pretty well, don't you think?"

"I can never thank you both enough. You saved my life, really. I don't think I'll ever be able to repay you, either of you!" I said. "How about I show you around the place, since it's ours now, and I never gave you the Grand Tour before."

"Ours?" They both said.

"You don't think the kids and I are going to live here all alone, do you? You guys are welcome here anytime, but more than that, I want you to think of it as your homes, too. And I REALLY hope you'll be sleeping over a lot!" I said with a blush.

They both hugged me for the longest time, and when we pulled apart I saw that they both had tears in their eyes. "Oh, c'mon, don't start crying, you'll get me crying, too," I said, but it was too late. We all started crying tears of happiness and relief, and hugging. 

After a while though, after we'd had a good cry, I said, "Looks like we need a nice bubble bath to restore us. First stop, the garden tub, which you've seen but never experienced." We walked into the bathroom and I started filling the sunken tub. I've previously described how beautiful the room is, with an unobstructed view of the garden around the outside, which is all floor to ceiling windows (plus a privacy fence, too!). I turned on the faucet to the tub, and added some fragrant bubble bath.

Karen, spotting the toilet, said, "This stress has been hell on my bladder, and now the sound of that water is even worse! Do you mind if I pee?"

Neither Dani nor I minded at all, so Karen dropped the skirt to the floor, along with a slip, and pulled down her panties to her knees. Just before she sat down, I got the idea to tease her cute little pussy. After all, I hadn't had a chance to touch either one of them and I was getting hot. I ran my hand over to her cute little mound as fast as I could, and shot my middle finger into her cunt while cupping her hole. "If you keep that up, I just might pee on you," Karen warned.

Feeling playful, I said, "Go ahead, you don't scare me, you big bully!" With that, she sat down on the toilet seat, and began peeing into my cupped palm. I was a little surprised that she had carried out her threat, but not at all disappointed. Her hot golden liquid pooled in my hand, then overflowed over the sides and through my fingers. It was a thrilling feeling, knowing that I had an 18 year old, hot looking girl, pissing on me, if only my hand. She peed for the longest time, then finally her flow slowed and stopped, and I handed her a piece of toilet tissue, and removed my hand from her pussy.

I sniffed my fingers and found the smell not at all offensive. Maybe there would be more in this direction in our relationship. I turned to look at Dani, and she had her hand inside her very insubstantial panties, stroking herself. "Wow, that was nice, Lisa. Maybe I could pee on your hand sometime…" Dani mused. "unfortunately, I don't have to pee now, but maybe later!" She finished, hopefully.

We finished stripping down, and descended into the tub. We relaxed in the warm, soapy water and chatted about a million different things, getting to feel even more comfortable with each other than we already did, since one impediment to our relationship had been removed. We soaped each other's backs, and played with the bubbles like little girls, and with each other like big girls. At one point, I had one hand stroking Karen's cunt while the other attacked Dani's pussy. They both came, but when they jerked from the pleasurable feeling of their orgasms, they slipped against me, nearly drowning me.

To make up for it, they positioned themselves, one in front of me, one behind, both facing me, and started fingering my holes with one hand, and a breast or my neck with the other. Dani was behind me, and I felt her finger slip into my ass and begin fucking me. Her other hand was occupied with massaging my back, which was VERY pleasurable, especially after all the stress and tension we'd been through. Karen, in front, had two fingers inside my welcoming pussy, and her other hand was alternately caressing one of my breasts and squeezing a nipple. I tried to hold off from cumming, as it was a wonderful sensation to be felt up by two girls at once, but I soon felt myself rising on the tide of passion, and crashing to my climax. "Oh, yes, fuck me, fuck my holes, you own my hot holes, you can do whatever you want with me, just FUCK, FUCK, OH GOD, YES! YES! FUCK ME, PLEASE, I'LL DO ANYTHING, JUST FUCK ME, DON'T STOP!" I moaned very loudly when I came, and they both giggled. We carried on that way for at least a half hour, and I can honestly say I never felt better getting out of a bath tub.

We all dressed, in real clothes, Dani in a fetching fall print dress, Karen in her usual t shirt and jeans, and me in a t shirt and jeans, too. "Hey, you're turning into a dyke, Lisa!" Karen teased.

"No I'm not," I retorted. I just didn't have any NICE clothes available." Dani said that she had to go back to her apartment, and Karen and I kissed her lovingly as she walked to the door. 

"When will we see you again?" I said.

"Don't worry, Lisa, I'm a part of your life now, and Karen's too. I'll be back as soon as I can." Dani said with an expression of sadness. "I'm just sorry that I have to leave now, but I can't get out of a meeting. You guys have fun, and 'Don't do anything I wouldn't do…'"

"Yeah, like we haven't heard THAT before," Karen said with a grin. Turning and facing the empty house she shouted, "Dani says we can do anything we want to!" Dani grinned appreciatively and left. As her car pulled away, Karen came over to where I was sitting in the recliner, and gracefully deposited herself in my lap. Turning her face to mine, she kissed me slowly and deeply. We stayed like that for at least 15 minutes, just kissing and enjoying the feel of the other's body pressed against our own. I felt like a defective part of me, my relationship with Ted, had been surgically removed and a wonderful new, warm relationship had been transplanted in its place.

Karen and I sat like that, then Karen said, "It's not enough."

"What's not enough," I asked.

"To put closure on today's events, you need a good, thorough fucking, in a bed, by your lover. C'mon!" with that she jumped up, and pulled on my arm to drag me towards the bedroom. I followed my arm in, and when we got in the bedroom, Karen threw her arms around my neck, snuggled up next to me, and kissed me again, with tongue. Lots of tongue. I could see that this wasn't going to be a slow, leisurely time like in the tub with Karen and Dani, or like with Karen kissing in the recliner. No, Karen was full of energy, and I could feel it flowing into me, too, as we stood there, together.

Her contagious enthusiasm had me responding to her passion, and I felt my hands sliding under her t shirt to grasp, then caress, her perfectly round boobs. Her nipples were sharply erect, and I enjoyed their rough feel as I slid my palms all over her tits, cupping them and pinching her nips gently. Her hands slid down from my neck to my ass, where she began squeezing my ass cheeks very hard. Finally one of her hands left my ass, and traveled between us to the snap and zipper on my jeans, unsnapping, unzipping and tugging them down in one smooth movement.

"How'd you get so good at that?" I whispered in her ear.

"Trying to fuck another girl quickly in the bathroom of a bar can make you fast," she muttered. "Now don't distract me," she yelped when I teased one of her nipples a little too hard. Before I knew it, she had my bottom completely naked, and I stepped out of the jeans and panties. She lifted up my t shirt, over my head, and as my arms came back down, now completely nude, she attacked my mouth again with hers, and began playing with my breasts, much harder, with both of her hands. I melted into her arms, and she walked me over to the bed, and lay me down on my back, in the center.

She stood before me now, and did a slow strip tease that had me begging, literally. "Please, fuck me now," I said, "My pussy is wet and hot, see?" I showed her my cunt by pulling back my vaginal lips, to show her how wet I was. She ignored me, and slowly pulled her t shirt off, and her hair settled around her shoulders like snow around a mountain top. I loved the way her brownish-red hair looked against her pale skin. My eyes were drawn to the brown aureoles and nipples that I had just enjoyed touching, and now watched avidly. She cupped her breasts in each hand, and with a hungry look in her eyes, tossed her curly hair from side to side, and stared fiercely into my eyes. I was awestruck.

She then reached down and slid one hand down the front of her jeans, and I could see the ripple it made in the denim fabric as it got closer and closer to her pussy. When she reached her goal, I could see that she was inserting it deep inside herself, and fucking her tight hole. She slowly withdrew the finger, and pulled it out of her pants, holding it separate from the others. She sensuously brought it to her lips, then slowly circled her lips with it, and then slid it into her mouth, which she had open just enough to allow her finger tight entry.

I was ready to cum, and she hadn't even finished undressing yet. But I kept my legs spread wide for her, so that she could see how wet she was making me. I fingered my clit for her, and rubbed it fiercely, my legs shaking from the energy of my cum. While my one hand fingered my clit, and slid a finger into my wet slit, my other hand was busy up at my breasts, pinching my nipples until they were sore. "Please, fuck me Karen!" I shouted, but again, she ignored me.

She brought her hands to the snap of her jeans, and undid the little copper rivet, then sensuously slid down the brass zipper with her right hand. She put a hand then on each hip, and shimmied the tight cloth down her hips. I could see that she wasn't wearing any panties, and my mouth watered. With her jeans still on, but completely off her hips and ass, Karen fell onto the bed next to me, and one of my hands quickly went to her wet cunt, the other to cup her luscious ass cheeks.

We brought our mouths together in a hot, prolonged kiss, while I slid my fingers into her tight cunt and ass hole, finger fucking her into a frenzy. Meanwhile, she had both hands on my breasts, squeezing and pinching them. She broke our kiss, and lowered her mouth to suck on my nipples, prolonging my frenzy. "Oh, god, that's good! Suck my tits, Karen, suck them hard. Do you like me fucking you? I love to feel my fingers inside your hot holes, fucking you, my love, my all!"
