 I honestly never thought I'd find myself in this situation, but I thought I'd let you know and maybe you could let me know what you think. I am happily married to a wonderful man, Ted Summers, who's 28, and we have 3 great children, Melissa 7, Ashley, 9, and Michael 10. Oh, and my name is Lisa Summers, and I'm 27 years old. We've been married for 10 years (yes, we were pushing it with Michael), and as I said, we've been happy, but now I have a little problem.

It all started when I went to substitute teach at our local high school. I worked very hard during the first years of our marriage to get my college degree, and I did. For a long time I stayed at home to raise the kids, but recently the urge to do something nice, like teach, came over me, so I checked into teaching credentials. Well, you need a certain number of education credits to be a full time teacher, but not to teach as a substitute. For that, you just need to have a college degree. 

So, I applied to the Board of Education, and they accepted me! I was very proud to make their list. Not two weeks later, I got a telephone call from a vice principal at the local high school, asking if I wanted to substitute teach there, and if I would be available right away. Well, I said, "Sure!", and went right down and filled out the paperwork and got at least a little familiar with the school layout. I was to start the next day to cover for an English teacher, Mrs. Richards, who had a medical emergency and was expected to be out for at least two weeks.

When I showed up at school, bright and early at 7 am, everyone was very nice and showed me just what to do. Mrs. Richards had apparently been very organized, as she had a lesson plan laid out for the first week, so I could just follow that and then wing it for the next week. I didn't think it would be a problem, as I had majored in English in college, so at least I could understand what I was teaching, which is not always the case with some substitute teachers.

The kids in the classes were really great, but there was one girl in 6th period Senior English who really got my attention. Because Ted and I got married so young, I've had very little sexual experience. Make that, NO sexual experience outside of our marriage. So, I was perplexed at the tingling feeling I felt in my very core when I laid eyes on Karen Brock. Karen is tall, 5'10" with long wavy red hair, like Nicole Kidman's. As a matter of fact, Karen looks a lot like Nicole, which I find attractive, as I think Nicole Kidman is just beautiful, and she really looks like she's smart, which I admire. I wish I could look that good. Everyone says I'm really cute, but I'm 5'5" tall, not tall like Karen. With my medium length blonde hair, everyone says I look like a 'pixie'.

So, anyway, my breath was taken away when I saw Karen walk in, and I very nearly couldn't take my eyes off her. I noticed that, whenever she looked at me, her eyes locked on to mine, and weren't kind of shifty like some students. I guess maybe they're afraid they'll get called on, but Karen looked like she wanted me to notice her. Nor was she shy about putting her hand up to answer during class, and I called on her as often as I could without favoring her. Her voice was kind of masculine, but like Angie Harmon's on Law and Order on TV. It seemed to go with her.

As 6th period was my last class for the day, followed by an unassigned hour, I was free to look over the class materials and consider how I might get ready for next week. About 10 minutes into the last hour, I heard a quiet knock on the door, followed by Karen saying, "Excuse me, Mrs. Summers, can I come in?"

"Certainly, uhh, Karen, is it? Come on in."

"Thank you," she said, as she walked in, closing the door behind her. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Well, yes, what can I do for you?" I said. "Won't you take a seat?"

"Thanks," she said. "I can't think of any way to say it, so I'll just say it. Did you, feel anything when you were looking at me in class? I know it sounds funny, but did you feel, say, a tingle?"

I was stunned that she could read me so well, and acted as though I had no idea what she meant. "I don't know what you mean, Karen. A tingle?"

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Summers, I guess I'm projecting my feelings onto you. I felt a tingle, in my pussy, the whole time you were looking at me in class, and I guess I hoped you did too."

To say I was stunned would be insufficient to express my emotion at that point. For this beautiful young girl to use the word 'pussy' with a near total stranger indicated either that she was very bold, or very moved, and I didn't know her well enough to guess which. "Karen, I'm amazed that you just used the word 'pussy' with me. That's a term that should only be used between a man and a woman, lovers, in intimate circumstances."

"You mean, like in bed, while they're making love?" she said, while she approached me, her eyes locked again on mine. I couldn't turn my eyes from hers, nor did I want to, as for some reason the tingle in my pussy got more intense, and I felt it moistening. Perhaps it was her direct manner, perhaps her beautiful looks, I don't know for sure. 

She got closer and closer, and didn't stop until she was within my personal space, and her hand went to my bare arm, stroking it. "I still feel a tingle, Mrs. Summers, and it's getting more intense. In my pussy, Mrs. Summers."

"You can call me Lisa," I murmured. I knew that was exactly the wrong thing to say if I wanted to keep this situation cool, but the feeling in my cunt was very pleasant, and felt even better than when Ted had licked my pussy, which he would do occasionally. I guess I sort of spaced out from the unexpected pleasure of the feeling invading my vagina, because the next thing I knew, Lisa had her lips on mine. She was kissing me! I felt her hands on my hips, too.

I felt myself helpless to break her embrace. When she pulled away from the kiss, she looked hard into my eyes and said, "I knew it. I was right. You DO feel it." How she could read my emotions so clearly, I don't know, but I moved my face closer to hers and she kissed me again, this time sliding her tongue into my increasingly willing mouth. I felt her shudder, and she placed her hands on my bottom, caressing my rounded buttocks with her firm hands.

"Oh, wow, I came just by touching you," she sighed. She didn't stop touching me, in fact she became bolder, running her hand into the cleft between my butt cheeks, but I didn't try to stop her, as the tingle in my pussy was turning into a wave of emotion, overpowering me. I found my hands on her butt, and they felt really great. I couldn't believe that I was holding an eighteen year old girl's rear end in my hands, while she stroked my ass. I had never even thought about anyone other than my husband, but then, she was bringing out feelings in me that I'd never, ever felt before, not even with my husband. All I knew was, I wanted to feel more.

We grunted against each other, as we tried to extinguish the ache in our pussies by rubbing them against something, anything, which in this case, was the other's hot cunt. "God, your body feels so good," Karen said. I heard moaning, and then realized it was coming from me. 

Karen gently pushed me back, against the teacher's desk, then lifted up my dress to reveal my panties. She looked lustfully at them, holding her tongue in between her teeth, then ran her finger along the middle, from bottom to top, right over my pussy slit, saying "You're all wet there." And smiling a beautiful smile.

She then knelt down between my legs and it was clear what she wanted to do. She was going to eat my pussy! An act that, had someone described it to me the day before, I would have picked up a phone to call the police. But here I was, spreading my legs further apart as she slowly eased my moisture soaked panties down my legs, exposing my wet slit to her eyes, and tongue. She brought her face to the curled hairs trimmed to a neat bush over my mound, and gently breathed on me. I could feel her breath resonating all throughout my body, and I think I even had a mini orgasm just from that act.

My legs weakened and I sat on the desk, but kept my legs spread for her. She brought her finger to my vulva, and stroked the outer cunt lips, picking up the moisture accumulating there. I shuddered as she traced my cunt lips with her finger tip, and involuntarily, my hands went to her head to bring her closer to me. Her hair was so soft and nice. She moved her face closer, until I felt the tip of her tongue begin stroking my clit, which was already poking out between my cunt lips.

The feeling was electric, and as she started seriously stroking my hot clit with her soft tongue, I quickly came, and came, and came again, calling out as I did. "Oh, that feels so good, lick me with your tongue, Karen, oh, I'm cumming, cumming…"

I guess I blacked out briefly, because Karen was standing, holding me in her arms. My panties were down around my knees, and Karen had her hand molded to my naked cunt, with her middle finger furiously fucking my hole. "Does that feel good, Lisa?" she said. I could only nod, and then whispered in her ear, "Yes, it feels SO good. Please fuck me Karen. Your finger feels so good inside me."

"Would you like to feel my tongue or my finger inside you?" she teased.

"I don't care. Your tongue. Your finger. Your tongue. I don't know. They both make me feel like I've never felt before. What does it mean?"

"It means that you're mine, Lisa. I want to be your lover. I want you to feel me inside you. And I want to feel you inside of me." I hadn't thought of that possibility, and wasn't sure what that would mean. But Karen took my hand and slid it under the hem of her dress and into the front of her panties. I gasped at the heat I felt there, and as she let go of my fingers, they began to explore her love box. I toyed with the curly pubic hair that surrounded her slit, and moved my finger in ever decreasing circles that ended up slipping into the wet slit of her cunt.

My finger easily entered her hot, wet hole, and she moaned with the sensation as I stroked against her clit. "Oh, fuck me Lisa, put your finger deep inside my pussy. Fuck me!" I stroked in and out of her hole, as I liked to do to myself when masturbating, something I'd been doing with increasing frequency. The feel of her wetness on my finger was addictive. When she shuddered and gently bit down on my ear lobe, I knew that she'd cum, and I gently withdrew my finger. I brought it to my nose and sniffed it. The smell of her cunt was intoxicating. I found myself slipping my cum covered finger into my mouth, savoring the taste of this hot young girl's pussy.

After Karen recovered, we both reluctantly pulled up our panties. We looked in each other's eyes and Karen said, "Now what do we do?" I looked deep into her beautiful green eyes, and said, "I don't know."