 "Objection, your honor! Counsel is badgering the witness!"

"Excuse me?"

"I object to the line of questioning being used by the prosecution, your honor."

"Yes, of course. The objection is, um... the objection is sustained."

Judge Martha Modell didn't like being distracted, but that's exactly what had just happened. Instead of concentrating on the prosecutor's line of questioning, her attention had suddenly been switched to eyeing the gorgeous young blonde woman in the short plaid skirt who had just entered her courtroom and taken a seat in the front row to the judge's left.

The 51-year old female magistrate had been serving on the bench now for over a dozen years, but even now, pretty young women wearing short skirts were a weakness she willingly enjoyed, dating back to her days as an attorney, when attractive young female witnesses occasionally left her somewhat tongue-tied, despite her best efforts to never show it.

As her court recessed for lunch just a few moments later, the judge motioned to her bailiff. "Ask that blonde woman in the red blouse if she'd please meet me in my chambers."

"Yes, of course, Judge Modell."

*************

"What is your name, my dear?"

"Mandi Adams, your honor," the girl replied, with a quick curtsy of sorts.

The blonde's voice had a musical ring to it that perfectly matched the girl's beautiful face, with that lovely, kissable mouth, tiny nose, and bright blue eyes.

"How old are you, Mandi?"

"I turned nineteen just last month," was the girl's reply.

"I've asked you to meet with me here in my chambers because I've noticed you several times in my courtroom this past week, and I was curious as to your interest in these particular cases."

"Have I done something wrong, ma'am?"

"Absolutely not, my dear," the judge responded, smiling warmly. "It's just that not everyday do I see a stunningly beautiful young woman like yourself in my courtroom, and I wanted to meet you."

The girl blushed, looking exceedingly pretty as she did so. "Thank you, your honor," she said with a dazzling smile. "You see, I'm... I'm kind of studying the law."

"You're a law student?"

"Well, no, not exactly. I'm taking a course at the community college so that I can someday become a paralegal."

"Is that right?"

"Yes, ma'am, your honor. I just find the law fascinating, and I wanted to learn more, so here I am."

"Well, Mandi, I think that's wonderful. And you're such a very pretty girl!"

The girl blushed again. "Thank you, your honor."

"Perhaps you'd like me to assist you?" The judge asked softly, her eyes travelling over the pretty girl's slender young body as she spoke, taking in Mandi's pert figure and long legs, the judge licking her lips while mentally undressing the pretty young thing standing nervously before her. "I've always enjoyed helping young people better understand our legal system."

Especially beautiful young women with gorgeous bodies and lovely long legs!

"Oh, that would be wonderful, your honor," Mandi gushed. "But I'm sure your time is way too valuable to spend with someone like myself."

"Nonsense, my dear. Perhaps you can come by my house after we recess for the day and you and I can talk further?"

"Yes... yes, thank you, ma'am. I'd love that! Thank you so much!"

"Then it's settled. Be at my house at seven. Here's my address..."

"What should I wear, your honor?"

"I like that outfit you've got on right now," the judge said, again licking her lips. "Turn around and let me look at you!"

"My skirt is kind of short," the girl offered apologetically, as she performed a slow turn for the female justice's perusal. "I've kind of got 'a thing' for plaid schoolgirl skirts, you could say."

"And I'm glad you do. Your legs are quite lovely!"

"Thank you!"

The judge continued ogling the girl's lovely, wiggling behind as Mandi made her way out the door.

"My night has suddenly gotten so much better," she said to herself with a laugh.

*************

When Mandi showed up promptly at seven, the judge was waiting, wearing a comfortable pair of slacks with a stylish silk blouse. Judge Modell was pleased to see that the pretty girl was still dressed in her short schoolgirl skirt, showing off those incredibly gorgeous legs.

"You have a lovely home, your honor," the girl observed, taking in the luxurious furnishings. "This is all so nice!"

"Why, thank you, my dear. Come into the living room and have a seat."

The older woman smiled warmly as her young visitor sat down on the couch across from her and crossed her lovely legs, her short plaid skirt hiking up ever so slightly. The judge couldn't help but once again lick her lips in appreciation as she stared at Mandi's legs.

"Is there something wrong?" the pretty girl asked, as she ineffectively pulled down on her hemline, aware of the older woman's ardent stare at her bare legs.

"Not at all. You look just fine," the judge assured her. "Now tell me all about yourself, my dear, starting with what do you do and where you live?"

"Well, that's all kind of up in the air right now," the girl replied. "Currently I'm staying with a girlfriend and looking for a new place, but first I need to find a job to pay the bills."

"What kind of a job?"

"Well, I was hoping that some lawyer might hire me as an assistant, which is why I'm trying to learn how to be a paralegal."

"And what are your plans until then?"

"Well," the girl answered, shyly, "my friend Jennifer suggested I could probably get a job dancing at one of those 'Gentlemen's Clubs,' which she says pay a lot of money."

"You mean like becoming a stripper?" The girl was definitely pretty enough.

"Well, that's not exactly the way they described it... Jennifer says it's a lot classier than simply taking off your clothes for money. She says it's like an art-form." The girl was clearly uncomfortable where this was going.

"Your friend Jennifer may be right about the money being good, but is dancing naked something you'd should really be considering?"

"No, not really, your honor. But you know what they say - 'beggars can't be choosers' - and right now, I'm just a beggar."

"First of all, here in my house you may call me 'Martha,'" the judge softly replied. "And secondly, while I'm quite sure that a pretty girl like yourself could make a lot of money wiggling her ass for horny men, I'm not at all sure if that's the proper career move for a young woman interested in a career in the legal profession!"

"But what choice do I have, your honor... I mean, Martha? I've got to have a source of income to make it through my schooling."

"Yes, I see your point." The judge looked at the antique clock over her mantelpiece before asking, "Do you currently have a boyfriend, Mandi?"

"Well, no. I mean, I have guys asking me out all the time, but right now I'm trying to concentrate on my career and finding a job."

"Very wise."

"Also, most guys I meet are kind of creepy."

The judge smiled as a plan began to form in the back of her mind. "Are you at all hungry, Mandi?"

"Yes, ma'am. I got a burger a couple of hours ago, but I could definitely eat something more if you are."

"Excellent. I'll order us a pizza from Giani's... it's a very nice Italian restaurant I occasionally order from... it's only three blocks away, and they deliver... mushroom & black olives fine with you?"

"Oh, yes ma'am... that sounds delicious!"

"We'll drink some wine and talk some more. Would you like that?"

"Yes, ma'am. I'd love it. And thank you!"

*************

Two hours later, Mandi helped the older woman clean up as they stowed the remnants of the pizza in the judge's refrigerator. The judge then opened a second bottle of chilled Lambrusco.

"Oh, please... no more wine for me, Martha," the girl pleaded. "I've got to be at court in the morning."

"Tomorrow's Saturday, Mandi."

"Yes, ma'am. Not your court... I meant traffic court. I got a ticket last week for an illegal left turn."

"Oh really? And who is the judge? Is it Simmons?"

"Yes, ma'am. I believe so."

"Well, don't you worry about that. I'll make a call and we'll get it dismissed."

"Really? You can do that? Oh, thank you, ma'am! I mean, that would be wonderful! I wasn't at all sure where I was going to come up with the money to pay the fine!"

"Think nothing of it. Besides, I can't have you driving home tonight anyway. You've had at least four glasses of wine, have you not?"

"Yes, ma'am... four or five. But where am I supposed to sleep?"

"I've got a guest room, silly girl. You can spend the night here."

"Thank you, ma'am. That's really very nice of you!"

"Well, it's my own fault for getting you tipsy. Why don't you use the bathroom while I make a phone call to judge Simmons and take care of that pesky ticket?"

*************

"Thank you for the spare toothbrush, Martha," the younger girl said, several minutes later. "Ummm... do you have something I could change into... you know, to sleep in?"

"Of course I'll find you something, Mandi, dear. I've got all kinds of pretty things in my lingerie drawer. In the meantime, I believe I'm going to take a long hot bath. Come with me."

"Wow, this is truly beautiful, ma'am," the girl remarked after following Martha into her luxurious bathroom. "I love your huge tub. I'll bet you could easily fit two people in there!"

"You think so? Perhaps we'll have to check that out someday, you and I."

The pretty girl blushed as they briefly stared into one another's eyes, with the older woman suddenly suggesting, "Why don't you take a nice hot bath, Mandi?"

"Seriously?"

"Sure, why not? You'll love it - I promise."

"Right now?"

"What time could be better? You get clean while I get your room ready."

The pretty nineteen year old nodded her head, at which point the older woman turned on the bathtub faucets full-blast, slowly filling her tub with hot water. She then added a small cap-full of bubble bath to the water before then leaving the room. 

"Go ahead and strip out of your clothes," Martha called to the younger girl. "I'll get you a towel and something to wear afterwards."

Once left alone Mandi quickly got naked. Yes, this was all kind of weird, she thought, but what other choice did she have? Seconds later she was lowering her lovely nude young body into the hot soapy water.

The judge returned just in time to catch a glimpse of the beautiful young woman as her body disappeared beneath the bubbles, the sight causing the older woman to bite her lower lip with a sigh of desire. "Don't you look lovely... do you need any help?"

Mandi blushed while shaking her head no. Her hands instinctively moved to cover her breasts.

"I'm... I'm fine, thank you."

"Are you sure?" the older woman asked. "You know, we could always pretend that I'm your maid and I could bathe you? Yeah... that sounds like fun!"

The girl had no choice but to comply, as the older woman sat down by the tub before the girl could object and gently began washing her pretty body.

"You've got such beautiful skin, Mandi," she murmured, gently caressing the girl's neck with her fingertips before then massaging her shoulders.

Mandi's eyes instinctively closed. "Thank you, ma'am."

"I see nothing at all wrong with pampering beautiful young women such as yourself," the judge mused, her hands caressing and fondling the back of the girl's neck before then gliding up and down the sides of her arms.

Mandi blushed and nodded, remaining silent.

"Would you like me to join you in there?"

The shocked look that immediately registered on the girl's face made Martha laugh. "No? OK, that's fine. I'll allow you to soak for a while longer in peace, while I go and find something for you to sleep in."

And with that, she scooped up Mandi's clothing from the bathroom floor and left the room. 

Once in her own bedroom, the older woman went at once to her lingerie drawer and began looking for just the right outfit to dress the pretty girl up in for the night. It had to be something skimpy, she decided, something scandalous, and especially something that showed off the gorgeous young blonde's beautiful long legs. Yes, there it was. She pulled out a tiny white nightie with matching white thong panties... oh, Mandi would look so hot in this! She smiled and returned to the bathroom.

"Are you about done, Mandie, dear? Yes? Well... here's your towel... now, while you're drying off I'm going to soak for a little bit."

She then began stripping out of her own clothing while the girl got up and began toweling herself dry. Both women took surreptitious glances at the other's body - Mandi was surprised to see how fit & trim the judge was for a woman of her age - while Martha found it difficult to avoid drooling over the sight of the younger girl's beautiful silky skin & gorgeous curves.

"I'm surprised that you're not a swimsuit model, Mandi, dear."

The girl blushed. "Thank you, ma'am."

The judge then settled into the bathwater and turned on the hot faucet. "It was getting a bit tepid," she noted. Meanwhile, her eyes continued to steal glances at the beautiful young woman drying herself off just a few feet away. Martha wanted to reach out and grab her.

"Patience," she told herself.

Meanwhile, Mandi had wrapped the towel around herself. "Which way is you guest room, ma'am?"

"Oh, yeah... change of plans... you see, the heat isn't working properly in my guest room right now, and so I've decided that you'll stay with me tonight, in my bedroom."

"In the same bed?"

"Oh, don't worry about that. It's huge. You could sleep four people comfortably in there." She then pointed the way for the girl, who quickly headed through the door and into the older woman's sleeping chambers.

"What have I gotten myself into?" Mandi thought to herself. "I'm sleeping with a court judge!" Then she saw the bed. Martha wasn't exaggerating. It was enormous.

Atop the bed she discovered the tiny little nightie that the judge had laid out for her. Her sense of panic immediately returned. There was nothing to it! Nevertheless, she obediently put it on, and looking at her reflection in the judge's full-length closet mirror, she was amazed at how hot she looked. The thin, diaphanous fabric hardly covered anything, and the thong panties did a wonderful job of showing off her long legs and gorgeous ass.

"Maybe I really should be a stripper, after all," she thought to herself.

She was still standing there, barefoot and gazing at her reflection, when the judge quietly returned from her bath. The older woman had donned some stylish black satin pajamas, and stood watching from the door, silently admiring her beautiful young house guest, who was startled when she suddenly heard the judge's voice.

"My, my... the view is certainly nice from where I stand."

The pretty girl blushed deeply and tried unsuccessfully to cover herself with her hands. "Oh... your honor, ma'am. I didn't hear you coming."

The judge chuckled. "Don't you look lovely?"

The girl blushed even deeper.

"Come here, Mandi," the older woman said as she sat down on the side of the bed. "Let me have a closer look at you."

The girl obediently approached and allowed the judge's hands to glide up the sides of her legs before she then adjusted the nightie ever so slightly. "Turn around," she ordered. "Bend over a little bit for me."

Again, the girl obeyed, and was soon feeling the older woman's hands lightly caressing her ass before then patting it affectionately. "You're shivering... why are you shivering? Are you cold?" Her hands came to rest on the sides of the girl's hips.

"Yes... no... sort of, I suppose"

"Well, we can fix that. Walk with me into the kitchen and I'll fix us something that'll warm us both up!"

*************

Moments later, both women were back together in the bedroom. Martha had mixed them both a hot chocolate, generously spiked with some of her expensive Irish Crème liqueor.

"There, now... isn't this much better?"

The pretty girl nodded her head. She was now sitting on the side of the bed, sipping her spiked hot chocolate, while the older woman knelt on the thick carpet before her, rubbing lotion onto the girl's legs.

"This will keep your skin soft and pretty, as well as moisturized," she explained to the girl. "It also smells nice."

Mandi smiled, taking another sip from her drink. "Thank you, Martha. I'm really enjoying all this."

"I'm so glad. Now stand up and turn around so that I can rub some of this lotion onto the back of your thighs and on that pretty bottom of yours... just bend over here onto the bed. Yes, just like that."

While the older woman's hands then proceeded to massage and caress the girl's legs & butt, she announced a new plan that she had outlined for the younger girl's future.

"Why don't you come and live here with me, Mandi? You could stay, rent free, in my guest room, and I could help you learn all about the legal system by teaching it to you myself. I'd become, like, your 'mentor,' with you as my personal assistant. I could even pay you a little something!"

"Are you serious, ma'am?"

"Yes, of course I am. Think about it. It would solve both your money problems and where you're going to live! I've got this house and plenty of money, and I'd love to spend some of it on you!"

"But what could I possibly give you in return?"

Martha smiled as she stared at her two hands massaging the pretty girl's gorgeous ass.

"Only what you're giving me right now. Making yourself available to me when I need you. I already have a housekeeper who comes in three days a week to clean... her name is Mrs. McKeever... but you could serve me as my 'upstairs maid' once a week, say, on Saturday."

"It all sounds too good to be true," Mandi exclaimed. "Umm... what exactly would my duties be as your maid?"

"Oh, just some very light cleaning... like maybe helping me with my bath." Martha smiled. "You're the one, after all, who told me that my tub was big enough for two!"

The girl blushed. "We'd bathe together?"

"Sure, why not? And that's not all... we'd rub lotion on one another like I'm doing right now with you. I mean, you're enjoying this, right?"

The girl sighed as the older woman's fingernails sank deeply into the flesh of her firm, curvy behind. "Yes, ma'am... it's actually quite nice."

"Excellent! Then it's done... let's seal it with a kiss!" Here she planted a warm, wet smooch right onto Mandi's right butt cheek. The girl squealed in surprise! "Ooh, nice lipstick mark!"

*************

Mandi was overjoyed as she lay moments later, stretched out in bed, enclosed within the older woman's protective arms, Martha cuddling her from behind, gently gliding her hands all along the pretty girl's lovely, barely-clad body, with the younger girl's sexy tushie pressed up tightly against the older woman's abdomen.

"I can't believe you're doing all this for me, Martha," the girl gushed. "Offering me both a home and advancing my career!"

"Hey, I just love the idea of having you here with me, sweetie," Martha noted, nuzzling the back of the girl's neck.

"When I first saw this sexy little nightie you laid out for me, I felt like I was going to be a bride on my wedding night."

"Well, look at me... wearing all-black pajamas, as if I was the groom!"

The girl giggled in response. "I could very easily end up with a much worse husband than you," she murmured, smiling and then turning her pretty head to face the older woman. Their lips met.

The next thing you know, both women were passionately kissing, Mandi's arms reaching around Martha's neck in a tight embrace while the older woman's hands pulled the girl's body close to her.

"I now pronounce us husband and wife," the judge announced with a chuckle.

"You may kiss the bride," the girl giggled back in response.
