 The senior class had been in Cancun for 5 days and Alley and Lisa were having the time of their lives. With three days to go, however, all the partying and late nights had started to take their toll. That's why Alley decided to skip the planned outing to the Mayan ruins, and stay at the resort catching up on sleep and perhaps a little reading.

Lisa thought nothing of Alley staying in. In fact, until their time in Cancun, Lisa had never thought about Alley at all. It's not that she didn't like her, but before this past week, they had never said more than "hi" to each other in the halls. They had hung out in different groups in high school. Alley's friends could be classified as underachievers if one was being kind. It's not that Alley wasn't smart. She had done well enough in school and was heading to college in the fall. She just didn't do as well as she could have.

Lisa on the other hand, had graduated near the top of her class. Taking almost exclusively AP classes while juggling cheerleading, yearbook staff and student council. In fact Alley probably would have hated Lisa if it weren't for the fact that Lisa was just so nice. 

Lisa was also beautiful! About 5'5 with shoulder length blonde hair. She also had large, full breasts that seemed to defy gravity. She had to be a perfect 36-24-36 or close to it. Lisa seemed to have an all-over tan that she obviously acquired before coming to Cancun, and she was completely adorable right down to her small perfect little feet and perfectly painted toes. Alley had seen Lisa in a bikini all week and couldn't help but admire her appearance.

They had been thrown together by chance, each one being the odd one out in a group of friends traveling on the trip. Since everyone was bunking up by twos, they ended up sharing sleeping quarters. It was of little consequence, though, since they had spent little time in the room since their arrival.

So as the bus pulled away from the resort, with the bulk of her classmates inside, Alley retreated to the room, hoping to take advantage of a little quiet time. It was fortunate that the room was on the west side of the resort as it was still morning. The air conditioner in the room didn't work as well as it could have, so she would be able to get some sleep before it got too hot.

The one thing about Cancun in the summer is that the humidity is constant. As a result, Alley had spent the entire week with as little on as possible. And since she had the room to herself, she decided she could nap in the nude. 

It was only 9am and her clothes were already damp from the humidity. She stood in front of the mirror looking herself over as she removed her clothing and neatly folded and placed them on a chair by the window. As she stood before the mirror, wearing nothing but her panties, she marveled at the tan lines she had acquired in the past few days. It's amazing what a few days in the Gulf of Mexico could do for one's skin tone, she thought. 

Alley was 5'8" with long dark hair. She hadn't liked her appearance through most of high school, but by the time she graduated she had become quite pretty, as her hips and chest had finally caught up with her height. As she stood there, she couldn't help but notice her own breasts. It was incredible to her how they had filled out and become rounder in the past year. Both of her sisters had filled out by age 14 and Alley was getting the reputation of being a late bloomer in more ways than one. 

The weather changed quickly in Cancun and she noticed it had started to sprinkle outside as she slipped out of her panties and climbed into bed. As she lay in bed, she glanced out the window, unaware that she had been tracing her fingertips around her nipples. Only when they suddenly stood at attention did she realize what she was doing, but didn't stop because it felt so nice. Then it occurred to her: it had been a week since she had masturbated. It was something she had done daily for the past three years or so, but the lack of time and privacy had eliminated the activity from her daily routine. 

With the realization that she had the room to herself for a few hours, she decided she might not get a better chance to blow off some steam. So it wasn't long before her fingers we're tracing along the outer lips of suddenly swollen pussy. She was mildly stunned at how wet she was. It usually took her a little while, but her fingers were immediately sliding in and out of herself with little resistance. It felt so good and her mind soon settled in on her standard fantasy; that of being up on all fours and a hard cock sliding in and out of her from behind. 

Her pussy was throbbing as she arched her back and started thrusting wildly against her fingers. It felt so good she knew she was going to cum before too much longer. She quickly pulled the sheet away that was covering her legs, and got up on the bed on all fours. As she reached back, she slowly traced in fingers over he wet pussy from behind, lingering just a bit to let her middle finger rub that patch of skin between her pussy and her asshole. Then as she slowly brought her hand back underneath herself, she brought her soaking wet pussy back to bed and started to grind furiously against her hand. 

Alley was lost in a sea of pleasure, as her moaning went from muted to barely audible. She was so consumed in her pleasure that she didn't even notice the beeping as her roommate slid her magnetic keycard into the door, and it slowly swung open. As Lisa walked around the corner into the room, there was her Alley, humping the bed with all her might. 

A shocked Lisa, blurted out "oh my god" and stumbled back into the dresser almost tripping over it. 

Alley was blasted back into reality and scrambled to cover herself with the sheet, regaining enough composure to ask, "what are you doing back so soon?"

Lisa, her jaw still hanging wide open at what she was witnessing informed Alley that the weather was looking bad and they decided not to go out to the ruins. Alley looked outside and noticed that in her bliss, a downpour had begun. Lisa, suddenly feeling very uncomfortable, turned and walked out the door, saying, " Why don't I just leave you alone for a few minutes?"

An embarrassed Alley immediately headed for the bathroom as tears welled up in her eyes, as Lisa stood silently in the hallway, a smile coming to her face as the shock wore off. Not knowing what to do first, she paced in the lobby of the hotel figuring out what do next. She decided that she should go back to the room, knowing that Alley was embarrassed and that she would do what she could to console her.

Lisa knocked before entering but there was no reply. Alley's bed was still disheveled and Alley was no where to be seen. Lisa then heard a faint sobbing coming from the bathroom. Lisa slowly approached the bathroom door and tapped lightly. "Alley, are you okay?" she asked.

"Please Lisa" the voice on the other side of door pleaded, "Just go away." 

"Alley sweetie, please come out of there." Lisa responded in a calm and soothing voice. "There's nothing to be embarrassed about, what you were doing, everyone does it."

"That's easy for you to say." Alley responded. "You must think that I'm a total freak."

"No. I just think that you were masturbating, and I don't think that there's anything freakish about that." In this Lisa was telling the truth. If it was one thing that two girls had in common it was the frequency with which they pleasured themselves. Like Alley, playing with herself had become a daily ritual for Lisa, usually in the shower before school and almost always at night before she fell asleep. 

"In fact, I'll let you in on a little secret" continued Lisa, "remember yesterday, when everyone went out to dinner and I decided to stay in because my stomach wasn't feeling so good?"

"Yeah, I remember." The faint voice replied from the other side of the door. 

"Well, my stomach didn't hurt at all. I just wanted some private time to myself to basically do what you were just doing. If you had come back and hour earlier than I expected you, you would have found me in pretty much the same position!"

"Really?" a suddenly relieved Alley asked. 

"Yes, really!"

"Well, it is my favorite position." A now giggling Alley responded. The two shared a quick laugh, as the tension was finally easing away. 

"Why don't you gather yourself and come on out of there. It's no big deal... I swear." Lisa said as she walked away from door and went and sat on her bed, staring at the mess of sheets and pillows on the other. After a few minutes, she heard a click as the bathroom and Alley, dressed now in just a t-shirt and panties walked back into the room.

The two girls sat and talked for hours and found out how much they truly had in common. They we're both movie buffs, liking old black and white movies like Casablanca and Citizen Kane. Alley informed Lisa that she wanted to major in Film and they jokingly made a pact that she would cast Lisa in one of her films if she ever hit it big. The two girls we're starting to become friends and Alley was smiling easily as Lisa made her feel no embarrassment about what had happened earlier. They decided they would go out for dinner tonight just the two of them, and maybe have a quiet evening in as they had both grown a little tired of the non-stop partying, and could use a break.

Finally Lisa stood up and said, "I'm going to go lay out by the pool before dinner," The sun had come back out and it was warming up nicely. Lisa decided to change into her bikini, but chose to change right in front of Alley. Alley stood still and wide-eyed as Lisa removed her top and her perfect breasts swayed ever so slightly in the humid air. 

Lisa noticed Alley's staring, and joked "I've seen you with your finger up your ass, so there's no reason to act shy anymore."

Alley just stared at her and gawked, unable but wanted to laugh at what had just been said. "Are you going to be gone for a while this time?" Alley asked in a demanding way, as the two just burst out laughing.

"You behave yourself!" Lisa joked, heading out the door and down towards the elevator. The funny thing was that Alley wasn't kidding. She hadn't finished before, and talking to Lisa had only made her ever hornier. She had no idea why, but hardly cared and she lay back and started furiously rubbing her clit. It wasn't long before a series of orgasms was unleashed. She sat still, a sweaty mess for a few minutes before hopping into the shower and topping off one last time for good measure before Lisa came back.

The two had a quiet dinner and went into town to do a little shopping. It was a perfect evening after what had been a tumultuous morning. They returned to their room and ordered a movie off of the hotel's pay-per-view, but it did little to hold their interest. They decided to switch it off in the middle and get ready for bed. Turning in early was a luxury they hadn't enjoyed all week.

Without warning, Lisa had a remarkable suggestion. "It's so hot in here! My God! I think we should just give up and sleep naked."

Alley paused at first not knowing what to say, and finally retorted, "I dare you!"

"Oh I will!" Lisa declared.

"Fine then, I will too!" Alley said, as they both started getting naked in front of each other. This time however, Alley felt no shame being naked in front of Lisa. There was something strangely wonderful about it as they stared at one another, before breaking their eye contact and heading for their beds.

As they both lay in their beds, each covered by just a thin sheet (it was far too hot for the comforters), neither said a word. Alley just stared at the ceiling, slowly tracing a fingertip around a hardened nipple. Unbeknownst to her, Lisa's mind was swirling. Although she hadn't let on, her mind had been swirling all day. She couldn't get her mind off of Alley and the sight she had walked in on earlier. She had never even thought about other girls before and in her mind she was decidedly straight. But seeing Alley like that had made her pussy ache like never before. She tried to dismiss the thoughts but to no avail. Finally in frustration she exclaimed "Ugh! I'm never going be able to sleep to fall asleep."

"I know," a sympathetic Alley said in reply. "It's just way too hot in here!"

"Yeah, and it's not just that! I'm all pent up! At least you got to relieve yourself today!"

Alley was momentarily stunned by the comment, but replied, "Well, go ahead, what's stopping you?" Her serious look barely containing her giggles.

They both laughed and then fell silent for a few minutes, until Lisa finally said, "It's not such a bad idea. I mean...I'm horny as hell...and I'm sure you must be too. We're both admitted masturbators. Why don't we just do it right here together!"

Alley turned on the light by her bad and propped herself up on one shoulder. "Well that's a great idea except for one thing!"

"What's that?" Asked Lisa.

"I've Already started without you." Alley remarked coyly.

"Oh...you sneak!" Lisa exclaimed. "Let me see".

Alley pulled back the sheet that was covering her, and revealed her now glistening pussy, as her slick fingers slid back and forth through her wetness. Lisa couldn't help but stare at her swollen clit. Lisa's own pussy was starting to ache like never before. "Cheater!" she yelled. "Well, two can play at that game!"

With that she sat on the side of her bed, holding Alley's gaze. And without another word, she brought her legs up onto the bed, and with her knees bent spread her legs apart revealing her sopping wet pussy for Alley. "MMMMMM" she purred as her fingers finally made contact with her hard little clit. She slowly started to rub herself a little harder leaning back just a bit watching Alley the entire time. 

Alley was in total bliss. Her pussy was sopping wet and she had never been so turned on in her life. What started as the most embarrassing episode of her life had evolved into its most erotic. Alley was in ecstasy she rubbed her pussy faster and faster. She arched back as she felt an orgasm near, her hard nipples leaping off of her bouncing breasts. 

Across from her Lisa was moaning in sheer delight. Then without warning, she got up off her bed and moved over to Alley's. Laying her head at the other end she maneuvered her legs over Alley's and said "I thought we might be able to see each other better like this." 

Alley was so wet and her pussy was throbbing like never before. She was now bucking wildly, just moments from cumming when she said "Lisa...will you kiss me? Will you lay next to me and kiss me while I cum?"

"Yes" Lisa replied she lay next to Alley and threw one leg over hers. As they kissed, their lips parted and their tongues intertwined. Lisa's fingers left her own pussy and found their way to Alley's. That sudden contact of Lisa's fingers drove Alley over the edge. As her entire body contracted, she screamed out "Oh god yeah! Fuck yeah!!" 

The girls we're now acting by instinct and that instinct led Lisa to bring herself up on top of Alley. Alley just smiled as Lisa said, " I want to rub my pussy against yours."

"I would love that so much." Alley said as Lisa was almost startled by her sweetness in midst of such a primal moment. Without another word, Lisa started to grind against her new lover.

The sensation was incredible. As the girls gyrated together, Lisa thought about the times she had rubbed against her boyfriend's hard cock. Sliding back and forth against it until she came. But this was so different. Alley's pussy was so soft and so wet and the harder they pressed together the more intense it became. Soon she couldn't tell where her pussy stopped and Alley's began.

Harder she rode as alley now thrust her Pussy against Lisa's. Harder and harder, until the two we're moaning uncontrollably. "Fuck yeah! I'm gonna cum Lisa."

"Me too Alley...Me too!...mmmmmm...you're so beautiful!"

And with that the two exploded, drenched in each other's hot cum as their pussies continued to move together, until the last twitch had subsided. Finally satisfied, and still too hot to sleep, they cuddled as much as the heat would allow. As they lay in the dark, they kissed passionately. 

Finally Alley spoke. "I'm so glad you didn't go to the ruins today." Lisa just smiled contently at her new friend. She was sure they'd be getting to know each other better. After all, summer had just begun.