 As I was getting my house ready for the guests I had coming over today, I was upstairs in the linen closet putting away some towels. I had a couple girlfriends staying with my boyfriend and I for the week and I heard them laughing and giggling in their room as I went about doing things upstairs.

I heard them talking, then there was silence

followed by some low moans. I crept to the door and listened in on them. I could hear Terri talking nasty to her girlfriend Ariana, saying, “Yes, faster” and “Oh please, take it deeper.” 

I was getting turned on listening to them and I ran my hand under my robe. Untying the sash, I began to rub my pussy slowly, using my thumb to tease my swelling clit as I slid one, then two fingers into my wet folds. 

I stood there, listening to their moans and

whispers. I pumped myself furiously as I wanted to

release and move away from the door before they caught on that they were being spied on. My nipples were so hard as I rubbed them against the roughness of the painted door. 

My fingers thrust in and out of myself faster as my thumb rubbed my clit. I felt my orgasm coming as I slammed my fingers into my aching pussy and felt the sudden tightness in my tummy as my orgasm ripped through me. I lost my balance and fell against the door before I realized my error and moved away from the door.

I heard Ariana cumming as she said in a much

louder voice, “Fuck me Terri, fuck me, fuck me

harder!” I rubbed my clit, still enjoying the sensation of my orgasm when the door flew open and standing there was both Ariana and Terri. 

I must have had a strange look on my face, seeing Ariana standing there until Terri told me they set me up because they saw my shadow on the floor just under the door when I was putting away the towels. They both were sitting on the bed playing up to an erotic session. Both were nude and Terri's nipples were still wet from Ariana’s sucking on them.

I nervously laughed at my predicament as Terri

grabbed my hand and yanked me into their bedroom. 

Ariana pulled my robe off my shoulders then slid a

finger into my aching pussy. She pulled it from me

and brought it to her lips and licked the wetness from it.  

She said I was a bad girl because I didn't share my orgasm with them and they told me to lie on the bed. They each sat on either side of me and each lifting one of their own legs up onto the bed, they parted their sweet lips for me and told me to lick them both and not to spend more time on one and not the other.

As I turned from side to side, I was able to push my tongue out and lick the clit of each girl. They were able to watch me as I licked the other while massaging their breasts. I attempted to bring my hands up to grab their butts to push them more onto my tongue, but Terri swatted my hand away and said if I needed to touch something, then it had better be myself. 

Then Ariana told me to show them how I had fucked myself out in the hallway, so I started rubbing my clit while I continued to lick them. As I got a steady rhythm going on myself, alternately licking them was easy. I had Terri cumming first and her orgasm was pretty strong as she shook and spasmed her way through it. 

Ariana took a little more time as I had to drive my tongue deeper into her pussy as she rolled her nipples in her fingers, but she finally came and coated my tongue and chin with her sweet wetness.

Terri had slid off the bed by now and had grabbed her 18-inch double-headed dildo. She sat on the edge of the bed and began licking, then sucking the head of the dildo while she pumped my pussy with her other hand. She lowered the dildo to my parted labia and slid it inside, pushing it as far as she could until I felt it hit my uterus.

She grasped the shaft and slid it back out maybe an inch then grasped it again. She used this to know just how deep she could sink it into me without bruising my uterus. She began a slow thrusting, drawing it out almost all the way then sliding it right back in until her fist touched my lips. She drew it out once more and popped it out of me. As she held it up, I could see the shaft coated with my juices as it glistened in the light.

She slapped it against my breasts before pushing it back up inside me. She began a steady pumping now as she told me to lift my knees to my chest and hold them as I wrapped my arms under my knees. The sensation of the shaft stretching my pussy felt wonderful. 

Just then I felt fingers on the rim of my ass, then a cool dollop of KY jelly being applied then a finger pushing past my sphincter. It pumped several times then withdrew. I then felt the head of a dildo pushing against the opening. 

As the head popped in, I moaned, feeling more of the dildo being pushed into my ass then the sensation of a certain fullness overwhelming me and a blinding orgasm screamed through me. All I could do was moan and go with the tingling sensation as both dildos were now alternating in and out.

I felt movement on the bed and the thrusting

stopped as Ariana crossed her legs in front of me. I looked down to see Terri slipping the other ends of the dildos into her pussy and ass. Terri pushed both toys deep into me then had Ariana push her body against them. 

When she was done moving around, she, too, was

fully impaled. She then moved back a bit and pulled her knees to her chest. Terri, in the middle of us, grasped both shafts and tied a leather strap over both and pulled the ends tightly together. She then grabbed the middle in one hand and began pumping the both of us. She had Ariana and I relax our legs and hold them against each other in the air so it brought our hips down and the dildos could easily slide between us. 

The sensations were incredible as we both experienced the same feelings. Ariana began to spasm first, followed closely by me. Terri kept pumping us until we achieved several more orgasms and after some time, it felt like one continuous long orgasm as the sensations of the stimulation and the fullness became overwhelming. 

Terri slowed after a bit and Ariana and I let our legs drop across each other. We both were exhausted yet very satisfied. I caressed her legs as we lay in pure bliss. Terri eased the dildo from our pussies first, the shaft glistening from each of us as she set it aside. Then she removed the dildo that connected us anally. When both toys were out of my body, I could not describe how empty I felt inside.

I could feel my heart racing, chest rising and falling from the extreme yet satisfying workout. Terri lay beside Ariana and lifted her leg up, going right to work on her own soft pussy and after a few minutes, she was coming as hard as we did. It was a wonderful experience.

As we rested a bit afterwards, Terri wanted to know if that would suffice me for a while until more later in the afternoon, as things needed to be done in preparation for three couples I know were coming over for dinner and play. 

I asked her for one more orgasm, but with her tongue this time and she went right to work on sucking my pussy. She licked and lapped at it slow and steady until I was gushing in her mouth. I had Ariana's fingers pinching my nipples, which added more sensation to what Terri was doing to me. It was a very satisfying moment for all three of us.