 The entire thing could be seen from her position. The leaves whispered to each other in the slight wind, and the half moon melted over her. A cat hissed on the grass many feet below. The man looked dangerous, and Lexi knew he had a gun. That’s how he’d forced her from his car and up into her apartment.

He’d bound her to the four-poster bed with blood red electrical tape, her skirt hitched up and her panties taut across her mound. He held a curved, Arabic looking blade as he stalked around her, teeth flashing. Lexi froze as he came to the window.

His eyes peered out, and seemed to look right at her. Her training took over and she let her body blend itself with the trunk, at one with her surroundings. She knew he wouldn’t see her, yet she forced her heartbeat to stay controlled, and gathered strength from the adrenaline that squirted into her belly.

The sensation of pleasure permeated her centre as he turned away and she realised in an instant her pussy was moist. It had happened many times before on previous missions in Japan. She wondered how long she could stay. Did she have minutes or hours before the girl with straw-coloured hair was slain? Her intuition told her he would play for a while. He would be thinking he had all night, now she was gagged and tied. She would wait for him to become immersed in his pleasures before she struck. For she knew this was the time men were most vulnerable, and easiest to kill.

Lexi gasped as the man pulled the girl’s tank top forward and sliced through it like it was nothing. God, she was young. His blade seemed to be incredibly sharp. How easily he would slice through her tender skin. How quickly he could take her life. She was no more than a tiny bird, trapped and fluttering broken wings in the palms of his hands. All he had to do was…

Forget waiting, it was time to move. The girl’s breasts swayed heavily as she twisted to and fro, her back arched, her last panicked, futile efforts to wriggle free. The candlelight in the room fused over her body, making her skin the colour of honey, accentuating the light outline of muscles on her trim tummy, her mound of Venus, and the tops of her splayed thighs. 

Lexi moved out along the branch, warm in her black shinobi shozoko, the uniform of her profession, until she had room to swing her kaginawa. She released a length of the grappling hooks rope until she had enough room to gather momentum. Three times and she released the hook, watching it arc towards the roof like a bat in the night. There was a dull thud as the hook found its mark and dug in. 

In Japan, Lexi had spent ten years of her life, from fourteen years old, learning to become a ‘kunoichi’, a female ninja. Ever since her mother had been killed she’d studied in the arts with a mental discipline even the Japanese found impressive. She’d progressed much more quickly than any of the men training with her and as a result, she suffered several attempts on her life from envious students. After returning to England she’d found it difficult to remain still, and spent many nights stalking the shadows, spying on lovers and occasionally taking lives that needed to be taken. She hungered to exercise the animal she’d become.

She slid up the rope rapidly, her hands so familiar with the feel of the twine and the ashiko bound to her split-toed boots assisting her climb by digging their sharp claws into the mortar. In seconds she was over the apartment blocks rooftop balcony and crouching, listening for danger while steadying her breathing. It was imperative she remain invisible.

Lexi removed her ashiko from her boots and slipped them into a pocket. Her kaginawa was quickly looped up and attached to her suit, the cloth wrapped iron hook clipped to her side. Then silently she moved in.

Pausing, she hugged the door, her ear lightly pressing the wood to listen for any movement. In seconds she picked the lock and disappeared inside, descending two floors until she came to the door marked 5A. There was a muffled sound of female groaning from within, and her nipples stiffened as she anticipated her next move. 

Her heart now pounding, Lexi picked the lock to the apartment’s heavy front door. She could smell the musky scent of sweat, and needed to move quickly from the dim light of the stairwell. 

With a quiet click the door opened and she slipped inside. She locked the door carefully behind her. Her sword was made for a Samurai, but its short length made it perfect for her needs. She held it forward, hugging the wall and creeping towards the bedroom, her knees bent, her footsteps silent. 

The groaning was louder now, and she could distinguish the heavy male breathing and the sweet smell of Arabic sweat. She had long been disgusted with the attitude shown towards women in certain parts of the world. She held particular fury towards countries where clitoridectomy was still practised. Removing a young girl’s clitoris to prevent her enjoying sex was an insult to all the women of the world. 

She could see the girl now, writhing on the bed as the large Arab dripped candle wax on her towering nipples. Her panties were sliced open and her sex exposed, shaved, raw and delicious-looking in the flickering candlelight. 

The man’s back was slightly turned towards Lexi, his white T-shirt stained and yellow, stretched over broad shoulders. A mammoth erection glistened before him, as if it had only just been pulled from her freshly shucked cunt.

Lexi tensed. She lifted the Samurai sword before her, her muscles taut. She balanced and slowed her breathing, a snake preparing to strike.

The tempered blade entered his back with little resistance. The angled tip plunged between his ribs, severing his heart and pushing out through his chest. His knife hit the carpet with a dull thud. Bracing her foot against his back she wrenched her blade free and sank into a crossover stance, prepared to strike another blow.

Gurgles filled the room and the girl’s eyes widened in alarm and surprise as specks of blood found her nakedness. The heavy man crumpled to the floor, hissing like the dying animal he was. 

The girl on the bed was so petrified a burst of liquid fired out of her pussy, and her body began trembling uncontrollably. 

Lexi took out her thin shobo, and stabbed it into a pressure point in her victim’s neck, finishing him off. Carefully she removed the shobo, wiping the blood on his shirt. A lake was quickly forming around him.

She moved beside the terrified girl, her eyes sliding across her candle wax and blood spattered body. With a gloved hand she pulled the soggy gag from her mouth. He’d shoved a pair of panties halfway down her throat. She was surprised the girl could still breathe.

“Easy, shhh. I’m not an enemy. Easy.” Lexi knew using soothing words was the best method to calm someone in shock, until you could get them someplace warm. 

She coughed dryly, tears running down her cheeks, her left eye swollen slightly and cut on the eyebrow. 

“I’m here to help. Come on, I’ll help you get out of here.”

“You’re a woman?” She asked with incredulity, shivering. Her voice was like raw silk.

“Yes. Try not to speak. We have to move now.”

“But where are you taking me?”

“Somewhere safe, where I can help you. I know it’s hard, but don’t worry. Just tell me your name.”

“Kim.” 

Using her sword, Lexi cut the tape binding Kim to the bed. “I’m going to need you to do as I say Kim. We have only limited time. Can you walk?”

“Yes… I think so. But that bastard raped me,” her voice cracked. “He fucking raped me…”

Lexi picked up Kim’s sliced shirt from the floor. It was long enough to just cover her nakedness. The skirt was so small and from being cut off was pretty much useless. Lexi helped Kim up and into the remnants of her shirt.

“Just hold it around you. We don’t have far to go.”

They exited through the front door and slipped across the wet grass. Lexi attached larger masculine sized soles to her shoes to confuse possible followers. She hugged Kim beside her to try to share some of her body heat in the cold English night. Their breath fogged out in puffs around them as they made their way along the lane.

Hidden in some shrubs two blocks away was Lexi’s black Kawasaki. Quickly she pulled a thin altitude blanket out and wrapped Kim’s shivering form. She couldn’t help noticing her erect nipples straining against the thin fabric of her shirt. An image flashed through her mind of Kim’s writhing body bound to the bed. Her breasts were like droplets of cream, the nipples taut little chocolate buttons. 

“Okay Kim, I need you to hold on tight. We’ve gotta move quickly.”

She fired up the bike with a subdued roar and launched out into the street, the tyres hissing, and the engine purring and vibrating beneath them. Lexi’s thighs pressed into the tank as she sank low and twisted the throttle. Kim’s arms gripped her tightly around the waist, and Lexi could feel her breasts squashed into her back as the front wheel of the bike lifted clear of the road. 

They travelled for a short while through a sleeping London, Kim shivering behind Lexi the entire way, the cold wind whipping her exposed flesh. 

Lexi pushed a button on her bike as she slowed, turning down a narrow lane, and a small garage opened before them. She drove straight through, travelling down a brick passageway before killing the engine and rolling to a stop at the other end.

Excitement was coursing through Lexi’s veins, and she was still glowing from the adrenaline she experienced killing the rapist. She unlocked an ancient door, hit a six-digit pin number into a console and watched as the door swung shut behind them and a series of mechanical locking devices kicked in.

Lexi turned to Kim, removing her helmet, and admired her through the slits in her mask. In one motion she pulled it from her head, allowing her dark hair to flow free. Kim gasped.

“Not what you were expecting?” Lexi smiled, helping Kim along the hallway and up the steps.

“But you’re so beautiful…” Kim said.

“Looks are almost always deceiving.”

“I feel so confused…”

“Don’t worry, you’re safe now. I’m going to take care of you until you’re okay again. Call me Lexi”

“How do you know all that stuff? How can you…”

“Shh, let’s get you into a hot bath first and I’ll soon explain everything. I have vanilla bath oils and good wine. That will help you to relax. Soon you’ll feel much better Kim, I promise. Don’t worry.”

“Thankyou so much…”

“Domo, you’re most welcome.”

         *********************

Lexi helped Kim to the bathroom, watching the way her bottom moved beneath her shirttails. She had butterflies fluttering through her stomach and was feeling a little light-headed around Kim. There was something about her. Maybe it was a look of intelligence and humility in her eye, a look that made her slightly vulnerable to certain kinds of men. Maybe that look was the same one her mother had. Maybe that’s why they’d done it to her.

She flicked on the bathroom light, and a low, rich glow filled the lilac-tiled bathroom. A lone bonsai tree took a place in the wall, yet there were no shampoos or products visible and the corner was taken up by a large white spa. The entire room was glisteningly clean and there was a pleasant aroma of essential oils, mingling with a slight hint of disinfectant.

“My god, this is incredible,” Kim said, looking more at ease already. The feng shui of the room was working on her right-brain. “It’s perfect.” The way Kim looked at Lexi made her warm inside, and another flutter of the wings of blue butterflies told her that there was more in that smile than simple appreciation. There was something more akin to adoration, or maybe sexual attraction. Lexi felt a warm seepage in her knickers.

“Would you like me to leave you to clean up…?” Lexi asked, a little red-faced. She shyly looked away, embarrassed by the raw desire she was feeling. “I could make us something to eat…”

“Please,” Kim said, sitting on the side of the tub, her legs tight together. “I don’t want to be alone now.” Her lower lip shivered. “I can still see his face. God, his sweat is all over me. I feel revolting. I swear, I’ve never felt so used.”

“I know.”

“Thankyou, you’re my saviour. I really owe you my life.” She blinked, as if to shake off the feeling of dreaming. 

“Let me dress your wounds for you. Here, I’ll run the bath,” Lexi said ducking past her, still slightly embarrassed.

As water thundered into the spa Kim removed her shirt and stood naked in the middle of the bathroom. Lexi allowed her eyes to drift, aware that Kim was following her every motion, probably feeling her eyes slide over her, pausing on her succulent breasts and her little pointy nipples, then moving lower, over her flat tummy, her indented bellybutton, the flare of her hips from her thin waist, and finally to the perfect crease at the base of her hairless mound.

“I’m busting, is it okay if I pee?” Kim motioned toward the pristine loo beside the transparent shower screens.

“Please,” Lexi turned slightly, pouring vanilla bath oils into the tub. She turned the water off and looked at Kim, seated on the toilet, and noticed Kim was looking at her rear. As Kim’s urine hissed from her, Lexi turned, smiling to herself and lit a stick of incense. 

Wondrous smells filled the room as Kim flushed and stepped into the steaming water. Slowly she sank down, wincing slightly when the heat hit her sensitive sex. She smiled tentatively up at Lexi as the water swelled around her, making her breasts float slightly, and her stiff nipples swell with the warmth.

“Oh God, that feels so good. I think my bones were frozen and are only now just starting to thaw. I feel like I’m back inside the womb.”

Lexi felt her heartbeat increase at her words. “Let me open the wine,” she said, rising and padding out of the bathroom. 

When she returned Kim’s straw hair was wet and darkened, framing her smooth face and delicate ears. Lexi found it hard not to gasp as she poured wine from a carafe into crystal glasses. Even with her injuries and bruises, she was breathtaking.

“You want me to wash your back?” Lexi asked hopefully.

Kim looked uncertain, then relaxed. “Please, that would be nice.”

With trembling hands Lexi sat by the tub and dipped a loofah sponge into the water, then squeezed it over Kim’s shoulders, her eyes pausing on the nape of her neck and slender throat. 

“Ohh, that feels so good. How could something so bad, become something like this…”Kim trailed away, moaning softly as Lexi rubbed gently down her back.

“You’re getting your sleeves wet,” Kim said. “Why don’t you get in with me? We could wash each others backs.” She paused, and Lexi noticed her ears turn pink. “I can’t believe I just said that.”

“No, it’s okay,” Lexi smiled, her mouth becoming very dry. She took a sip of wine and released the sponge.

Kim turned and slithered to the other side of the tub. Lexi stood before her, lifting the black top over her head.

“My god!” Kim said, obviously shocked by the scars across Lexi’s torso, then immediately realised how rude she had been and quickly countered with, “I’m so sorry.”

“It’s okay,” Lexi replied, unclipping her sports bra, and letting her breasts bounce free. “It comes with the territory.” She skinned down her pants, wondering what Kim would make of her white bikini g-string dappled with tiny winks of silver. She knew her sex was visible through the thin material, and that the centre was damp with her excitement. Quickly she skinned them down, pausing to encourage Kim to steal a glance at her trimmed pubic hair, then she stepped over the edge, feeling her sticky lips pull apart, opening herself up before Kim’s eyes. She felt powerful when she was nude, remembering times she’d used her body to seduce men into lowering their guard, times when her body had subsequently been sprayed with their blood. Remembering the ways she’d masturbated before washing it away, her orgasms always full and explosive. It was a side of her sexuality she couldn’t understand, except she knew, like everyone else, she was merely a product of her past experiences. 

Lexi’s calf brushed and pressed against Kim’s outer thigh, and she was relieved Kim didn’t pull away. ‘Leave her alone, she’s just been raped,’ Lexi thought, yet unable to pull her leg away from the static union she’d formed. There was electricity flowing where their skin touched, and Lexi knew from the way Kim’s eyes sank closed that she could feel it too.

Lexi noticed tears whetting Kim’s cheeks and felt a pang of guilt over her intense eroticism. “Are you okay?” She asked.

Sniffing and forcefully rubbing away tears Kim looked up. “Yes. I think so. I just feel so dirty. I feel dirty inside and out. He even put his cock in my bottom. He did everything to me. I was just some animal for him to torture.”

“It’s okay. I’ll help you…”

“I don’t think I can be with a man again.”

“That would be a shame.”

“Lexi…” Kim looked up at her, drips falling from her fingers. “How can you do that stuff?” She hesitated. “I mean… I don’t want to be rude. Oh God. This is so weird.”

“No, no. It’s completely okay.”

“No, it’s… I mean, one minute I thought I was going to be murdered, and the next… Well, now I feel really… really weird?”

“It’s okay to feel weird, it’s okay to feel anything you feel. Trauma does things to the mind, makes it play tricks on you, all part of the brains defence mechanisms. Otherwise we’d probably all be in the loony-bin.”

Hearing Lexi say loony-bin seemed so out-of-character Kim couldn’t help but laugh. Lexi looked at her curiously. “What’s so funny?”

“It’s just that, well, you seem so serious and kind-of… wise. It’s funny.”

Lexi let her fingertips slide over the parted lips of her sex beneath the water. Her pussy felt hot and lubricated with juices, more viscous and slippery than the warm bath water.

“I can’t believe I’m in a spa with a naked woman. And it feels so natural.” Kim said slowly, her eyes locked onto Lexi’s. “Lexi…” she said softly. “I feel…I think I’m in love with you.”

“You really don’t know me Kim. Some feelings simply aren’t real.”

“I know…” Kim seemed to sink slightly. “But I… God, this is so hard to say.”

“What is it?” Lexi slid her middle finger into herself, squeezing her pelvic-floor muscles around the digit. She almost groaned as Kim’s thighs parted slightly and her toes brushed against where her bottom met her thigh. She rubbed her inner wall gently, her knuckle rubbing the soft aperture of her anus.

“I want you,” Kim said, her eyes sorrowful. “I’m sorry… I’ve just never wanted anyone more in my life.” She started to rush her words. “When you first appeared, and killed him. God, it was so… Like a hero. And then when I found you were a girl, I felt confused. But all the way here, holding you on the bike, it just felt so good. God, I’m so fucking wet. I’m sorry…”

“Come here…” Lexi said leaning forward to pull Kim’s toward her. “Don’t feel bad. I want you too. I really want you.”

Their lips met softly, slightly dry and parted, and Lexi felt her nipples brush against Kim. Kim’s tongue was first to tentatively come forward and as soon as her saliva whet their lips fusion was created, and they slipped into each other.

Lexi felt heat spiral through her body, her tongue licking at Kim’s more hurriedly, the hunger for closeness filling her soul. She pushed Kim back slightly and thrust her tongue as deeply into her mouth as she could, wanting to taste her essence.

Kim only groaned harder, her hands circling Lexi and holding her tight against her, their breasts rubbing and slippery with water, both their nipples erect. Lexi held her face gently, licking her lips and smooth teeth. Kim responded by sinking deeper towards her, her hands sliding down Lexi’s back and over the tight swell of her bottom.
