 This is my attempt at using a different style of writing. It hops back in forth between the past and the present so I hope it is not too confusing. I had an itch to write about an impossible love since I usually stick to tame, romantic, and sweet short stories. I will probably wait before trying to continue this one (I don't want it to feel rushed).

Please comment and let me know what you think!

XOXO-SkyerLuv

******

I wake up shivering.

My body continuously shakes trying to generate some warmth. I see little white clouds slip from my lips. I try to move but a massive pain on my right temple makes me moan in pain. I am lying on my side on a cold tile floor. The room is dark and the only source of light is coming from behind me. It doesn't provide enough illumination to see beyond a couple of feet in front of me. My head feels like it is split open. My breath inconsistently comes in and out in shudders. I touch my temple and feel dried up blood. My strawberry blonde locks are matted together. My usually wavy hair feels like it been through hell.

Am I in hell?

I can barely tell what I am wearing. Its covered in dirt, probably from laying on this floor. I recognize the floral patterns near the bottom of it, just above my knee. I usually wear this dress to work when I wake up in a good mood. I notice scuffs around my knees and on my knuckles. I'm missing one of my black high heels. How long have I been on this floor? That makes me shiver again. I try to sit up but the pain on my temple is almost unbearable. I groan and my eyes water up.

What happened?

Just as I am about to call out for help I hear someone above me. I turn my head and see a guy looking at me through a small box near the top of the door. He's talking on the phone.

Fear grips at my throat. My mouth is extremely dry. I know I can't yell to save my life.

"She's awake." He has a deep voice. There is a slight accent as well.

I fight through the pain coming from my head and sit up as fast as I can. I fall back against the wall. My vision is blurry.

When was the last time I ate?

"It's only a matter of time before she shows up to save her." He continues over the phone. "Dee should be on her way."

Dee? Who is that?

If my life depends on someone named Dee and I don't even know what that is, I might as well be dead.

I try to calm my erratic heartbeat. I need to be alert for this.

"I'll keep you posted." There is a moment of silence. "If Dee doesn't get here by tonight, the boss will want her to himself."

I feel bile rising up my throat. Just as I am about to spit up, I feel the blackness creeping in around me.

******

I feel someone watching me.

I continue to sway to the music and feel my cheeks burning up. The dance floor is crowded and bodies are rubbing up against one another. I try to avoid touching anyone and try and match Stacy's body movements.

Stacy is a natural dancer. Her body has curves in all the right places and she knows how to hypnotize anyone watching. Her smooth dark chocolate skin looks lovely in the electric blue she decided to wear last minute. She runs her arms up her sides as the music continues. They trace the outline of her flaring hips and dip into her tiny waist. Eventually they land on her curly hair. She wraps it around her hand and makes a fan motion against her face.

"It's so hot." She yells.

I nod in response but continue to dance.

My modest curves do their best to make my movements look as nice as Stacy's but I know there is no competition. The black mini skirt and dark red crop top only give the illusion of bountiful curves that I don't have. It is one of my favorite outfits. I still feel somebody looking at me. I decided to do a slow turn swaying my body from side to side. I am almost done turning when I make eye contact with someone. I say someone because it takes me a while to figure out if it is a guy or a girl.

The dance floor has different lights moving around and some fog still lingering, which makes it hard to see that far away.

The person is wearing a black suit with a white button up shirt, which has the first three buttons open. They're leaning back against the sofa half listening to the person next to them. Their ankle is resting on their knee, completely at ease. Their hair looks it has had fingers ran through it all day and they finally decided to let it be for now. Their facial structure makes them either a really beautiful man or a handsome woman. The piercing gaze leaves my breathless.

The spell is broken when a hot blonde decided to sit on their lap and kiss them as if they were in the privacy of their own place. I turn away and bring my attention back to Stacy.

"Who's that?" She asks when I turn back to look at the couple sucking faces in the VIP section.

"I have no idea." I yell over the music. I shrug my shoulders and continue dancing. Yet I have a nagging feeling that no amount of dance moves can shake away.

******

Stacy and I are sitting outside waiting for our Uber to show up when I feel eyes on me again.

I discreetly look behind me at the front doors of club.

My green eyes clash with blue ones.

I turn away in embarrassment of being caught.

"Too back Ricky couldn't make it tonight." I say to take my mind away from the stranger behind me.

"It is honestly very weird." Stacy says as she shifts from one foot to the other. I know she has to pee but she's waiting until she gets back to her place. Usually we would just head back to my place but I think Stacy wanted to go back to hers tonight. "You break his heart a month ago and suddenly he wants to be friends and take you out clubbing? Sounds like he wanted a booty call."

I shake my head and chuckle a little. It was weird that he texted me out of the blue and didn't even bothers to show up. I was just lucky Stacy was free tonight and met me here.

I tell her so.

"You know I'm always down for a good time. Speaking of," I see her gaze moving behind me. "Hottie over there hasn't taken her eyes off you since we got here."

So it is a woman? I feel a pang of disappointment. I really wish she were a guy. I could feel the attraction between us but being with girls was not my thing. That was more of Stacy's thing.

"Yeah, but I'm straight remember?" I look down to see our ride is 5 minutes away. "Plus there's this small chick who's all over that." I turn back again and see the blonde leaning up against the mysterious girl. She really is good looking. Her attention slips away from the blonde and she meets my eyes again. I blush and bite the inside of my cheek. My gaze returns to hers after a couple of seconds.

"What are you looking at bitch?" I hear the blonde yell our way.

I am taken aback and feel my eyes widen in response. I quickly turn to Stacy who moves around me to come in my defense.

"Who are you calling a bitch?" She yells back.

I grab her hand and start leading her away. Stacy isn't scared to throw down. Plus she's had a couple of drinks so she is more than ready to fight.

"Tell your bitch she better take her eyes of what's mine!"

Everyone around us is looking back and forth. People are moving out of their way and it looks like they're forming a circle around us.

"Stacy, our ride is here. Let's just go. It's not worth it." I continue to pull on her hand. This wouldn't be the first time I try and break up a fight that involves Stacy. A lot of the time it is because people are rude to me and I'm too much of a pushover to say anything. I just don't see the point in arguing with someone who is too drunk to even comprehend what is going on.

I look back to see the mysterious girl pulling her girlfriend back. When that doesn't work she decides to speak.

"Babe, she's almost a child. Plus she's a redhead, I would never mess with a ginger, they're crazy." There's a smirk behind the serious tone.

I open my mouth in anger.

"Fuck you!" I yell back and yank Stacy towards the black sedan waiting for us.

******

"Amber, you have to admit, she was so hot." Stacy is sitting at her desk, right cross from mine. A week later and Stacy still can't stop talking about the girl from the bar.

I sigh and shake my head. I am on the phone helping a customer.

"If the stupid girl wasn't there I would have thrown myself at her." Stacy continues.

She's on her phone trying to find the girl's social media account.

I continue to ignore her and have to ask the customer to repeat her question.

"It's like she doesn't exist." Stacy says to herself.

I turn my head to finally look at her. "Can you please answer the other line, that person has been on hold for five minutes now."

Stacy flips her hair and continues to look at her phone. "Let them simmer. I am trying to find my soul mate right now."

I throw a pen at her and it lands on her desk.

"Amber, Stacy! Nice to know I pay you guys to play around." I hear my boss say behind me. I turn and point to the phone that I'm on. He puts his hands up and gives Stacy a pointed look. She quickly answers her phone and forgets about her soul mate for a while.

******

"Hi there stranger!" I answer my phone with fake enthusiasm.

"Amber, hey." Ricky says on the other line. "I know, I'm the worst. Sorry about flaking last Saturday. I was at the office until midnight." I can tell he's only apologizing because he wants the conversation to move on. Rick is never one to grovel.

"It is not big deal. Stacy came to my rescue." I lean back against my chair and silently wonder why I am talking to him in the first place. Stacy wasn't wrong when she said I broke his heart. He told me so himself. So why was he trying to keep in touch? Did he think he could win me back?

I sure hope not.

"I think it was a bad idea anyway. I think our chapter was done a while ago," I say quietly. I don't want to give him any false hope.

There is silence.

"Look Ricky, you are a great guy. We are just at two different points in our lives. You want to settle down and get married. I am still young and want to live my life for myself for now." This is just like the first time we had this conversation. Awkward.

"Yeah, I know. And I get it." He sighs, "I think we can remain friends though. How about meeting up tomorrow night. Go to dinner and catch up."

I hesitate. He says one thing but his actions say another.

"I don't think that's a good idea." I sit up straight, expecting him to explode like he sometimes did.

"Please, just one dinner. And if you don't think we should be friends then we can leave it at that." He sounds desperate.

I cave and ask him to send me the address of where he wants to meet. Our chapter is over but Ricky was still a nice guy and fun to be around. And it wasn't like I had any fun plans. Maybe this would turn out of be a good idea. I decided not to tell Stacy for now.

******

I wake up to a bright light. It is almost blinding.

I blink a couple of times and my eyes squint when I try to focus. It takes a moment for my sense to gather my surroundings.

My mouth is stuffed with a cloth that is wrapped around my head. I am on a cold metal chair and my hands are tied on each arm. Both of my legs are tied together so tight I can barely feel my feet. I blink back the tears that a threatening to spill over. The headache is still there but it is more of a dull ache now.

"Well, look who decided to join the party." A voice says over a speaker. I jump at the sound.

The dirty green tiles around me give me no clue as to where I can be. The only other objects in the room are a large black table and another metal chair. I am sitting right across it.

A door opens up behind me.

A man in a black uniform appears. It is not the same guy that was outside my cell before. This guy is taller and looks even more serious. He begins to set up a camera in front of me.

I feel the tears finally making their way down my face.

He leaves once the camera is set. There is a red blinking light.

The door behind me opens again but I am too terrified to even turn my face.

An older man walks until he is behind the camera. His once black hair is now covered in gray and white. His body looks frail but his stance makes me understand he is not someone to mess with. His eyes watch me like a hawk. He's the type to notice everything.

"Why are you crying?" I haven't even touched you...yet." His smile turns into a sneer. "I guess you could be a good fuck. If your hair is anything to go by," He steps closer to me with his hands behind his back.

I shrink away from him. One of his hands comes out and pats my head. "Your hair is the perfect shade of blonde and red, so many curls. I can't wait to pull on them."

I cry more loudly and begin to beg. That's when I feel the back of his hand make contact with my cheek. My head snaps back. I am frozen with fear. I don't move and let my breath come through my nose.

"Shut up." He says quietly. "I won't tell you again."

There's ringing in my ears and cheek stings. I lower my head and close my eyes tightly.

"Dee, darling," I slowly look up to see him talking to the camera. His back is to me. "If you don't get here soon, I am afraid I won't be able to stop myself from showing this little slut how a real man fucks."

How did I end up here?

******

I look up and see Ricky walking through the front doors of the restaurant. He smiles bright when he sees me. He is wearing one of his favorite dark green suits. Any woman would kill for the opportunity to have a chance with him. He is handsome and smart, but I couldn't see myself being with him for the rest of my life. There was always something missing between us.

Maybe this is a bad idea. I should have listened to Stacy when she made me tell her what I was up to tonight.

"Sorry I'm late." He says as he kisses me on the cheek. "You look beautiful as always."

I smile but don't respond.

"I hope you like this place. They have really good steaks." He starts reading the menu.

I feel a sense of deja vu. This is just like old times. Me waiting up on him, him acting like its no big deal and moving on like its nothing, only giving me half assed apologies.

"You drinking tonight?" He asks before placing his order.

I shake my head. "I have a long day tomorrow."

"Come one, one drink won't hurt." He smiles jokingly. I roll my eyes and nod my head.

We start with small talk. He tells me about his long day, I ask question and feign interest. In reality I come in hopes of making sure this is our last meeting. There is no way we can be friends. I can see how easy it will be for me to fall back to the same routine and forget about living my life for me and instead live my life for him.

The waiter drops by with our drinks. I drink mine faster than I should. I just need some courage juice to get through this night. Ricky orders me another one and we start to catch up on what we have been up to in the last month.

I feel myself getting a little tipsy and excuse myself to go to the restroom.

I make sure I am alone before leaning against the sink and looking at myself in the mirror. My cheeks are flushed; the drinks are getting to me. My reddish, blondish locks lightly frame my face. They are almost reaching the middle of my back. I have never had them this long. Ricky prefers my hair to be short. I turn my head and continue to look at myself.

How did I end up here?

The bathroom door opens and I jump to wash my hands. Only weirdoes would be caught looking at themselves in the mirror in a public restroom.

"Just as delicious as I remember." I hear a husky voice say behind me.

I stop washing my hands and turn my head to see her standing there near the bathroom entrance. She's leaning against the wall with her arms crossed. She's wearing a suit similar to the one she wore at the club but this one is navy blue. It makes her tan complexion look smooth and inviting. She's even more stunning up close. Very intimidating.

I snap my head back to face the mirror and turn off the faucet.

I feel self-conscious when I note she's still looking at me.

"Excuse you! I am still a ginger. I'm crazy remember? Stay away." I can't help how breathy my voice sounds.

Why am I so nervous around this chick?

I hear her chuckle and my insides turn to mush. I dry my hands with the paper towels near the exit. Before I can make my escape she blocks the door. She's taller than me. I look up and stare at the bluest eyes I have ever seen. They are mesmerizing. They remind me of home, near the water.

Her hand comes up and takes a lock of mine in between her fingers. She smiles and lets it slip through her fingers. "It's like you were made for me." She says it so quietly I have to watch her lips to make out what she says. Her lips look soft and inviting.

"You like what you see?" She whispers. She bites them to hide her smile and I lightly gasp.

I shake my head and step back.

What the hell was going on?

Her hand reaches out to take mine. My fingers tingle at the contact. She turns my hand over so it is palm up. She places a card on it.

I look down at it confused. When I look up I catch her watching me. She slightly leans in and I am under a spell. Anything she wants, I will give to her. Anything.

She takes a whiff of my hair and a small smile appears.

"Call me whenever, Sunshine."

******

I can barely contain myself when Stacy walks into work the next morning.

I take her by the hand and rush her to the back office.

"I found your soul mate!" I whisper in a rush.

"Why are you whispering-wait what?" She stares at me like I grew a third head over the weekend. It felt that way considering I couldn't get that girl out of my head.

"Well, she found me," I correct myself. "While I was having dinner with Ricky." I ignore Stacy's look. "I was in the restroom and there she was. Look!" I pull out the business card she slipped into my hand.

"Danielle Rose?" Stacy looks uncertain. "I thought she looked more like a Megan or Alexis. Probably went by the name of Alex to be more badass. But inside she is just a sweetheart looking for love."

I wait and let Stacy get through her monologue.

"So what?" Stacy asks as she continues to look at the business card. "You gonna call her?"

I shake my head. "No, that is all for you, my friend." I take a step back and put my hands up when she tries to hand it back to me.

"You're going to pass this up?" Stacy looks at me incredulous. "Why?"

I give her a look. "Do you really have to ask?" I hold my hands together to keep from snatching the card out of her hands. Even if I don't like girls I can't help but think about this girl. If she were a guy I would be all over her in a heartbeat. And she gave me that card herself. It is all I have from her. But Stacy called dibs.

"Amber! Even if you have never been into girls you can't deny this is different. I saw how you guys looked at each other." She is shaking the card in the air.

"Stacy I don't like girls. You should give it a try." I insist.

"But she gave YOU her card. She found you." Stacy bites her lip and I see the wheels turning in her head.

"Just keep it." I reply, lamely.

"Fine." She says all too quickly. I want to take it back but cross my arms instead.

"See, now we're both happy." I start walking backwards towards the office door.

Stacy takes out her phone. She dials the number on the card. I am rooted to the spot on in the middle of the carpet.

"What are you doing?" I ask in shock.

"Hi, is this Danielle?" Stacy is smiling dumbly at me. "Oh, Dani, hi. This is Stacy."

I start walking towards her but she moves away and steps behind the table. "No this isn't the girl you met at the club, this is her sexy best friend. But Amber here was just telling me she would love to meet up sometime. Maybe grab something to eat or watch a movie."
