 Brenda stood looking through the window of the shoe store. She watched as Cindy finished with her customer. It was 8:45 and some of the stores in the mall were already pulling the gates halfway down. Typically on a Wednesday night like this the mall was nearly deserted at this time. Brenda knew it was time to act on her plan.

For weeks she had been watching Cindy, the sales girl, and her coworkers. The routine was quite simple. They took turns helping customers. The first one done at closing time would start cleaning and then the other would close out the register, and they would leave together. Ever since the day three weeks ago when Brenda first saw Cindy in her short skirt and tight top, she had wanted - no lusted for Cindy. Brenda had seen Cindy meet her boyfriend after work some nights, but had also seen her quite disheveled coming back from "dinner" with a female or two. 

Brenda is 38 years old, almost twice Cindy's age of 18, and has kept fit through out the years. Her 36C-26-38 frame still attracted attention from members of both sexes. Brenda has had relations with other women but this was the first time that she was looking to make a move on another female. Tonight was the night she would see if she could have her.

Cindy was a bleached blonde beach-nut by day and the manager of the shoe store at night. Her well-tanned body was lean and tight. Her 34B chest didn't need to be holstered, but Cindy usually wore a bra - something sexy. Her short skirts usually accented her long legs. Brenda had seen thongs, T-backs, and lace peeking out from under Cindy's skirt during her surveillance and planning weeks.

The other salesgirl tonight was Tammy, who like Cindy spent a lot of time at the local beach. Though not as sports minded as Cindy, she looked good. Tammy's 36D-24-34 body was a real eye-pleaser. Tammy was busy with a customer in the men's department. Brenda knew that weeks of planning now came down to what would happen over the next few moments. Summoning up her courage, Brenda entered the store. She headed to the women's section and was looking at a pair of black suede high heels. 

"Good evening," she heard behind her. "My name is Cindy. Would you like to try those on this evening?"

"Well, yes I think I would like to try on these." Brenda answered.

"Okay, why don't you have a seat over here and we will check your size."

Brenda sat in the chair and intentionally allowed her skirt to hike up further than normal. She had selected a skirt similar to the type Cindy wore and tonight she wore stockings and a garter, but no panties. Brenda had trimmed her pussy in anticipation of showing it off and could already feel moisture gathering on her lips. Her nipples grew erect trying to poke through the bra and blouse she had chosen. 

Cindy pulled the stool in front of Brenda and reached down and slid off the right shoe. The young girls hands slid over her foot as Cindy worked the sizing machine. Brenda enjoyed feeling the young girls touch. Brenda allowed her legs to fall further apart the more that Cindy worked. She tried to relax, but was tense with anticipation of the hopeful events to soon follow.

Cindy finished measuring, looked up and said, "Seven and ..." there was a pause as Cindy stared at the exposed pussy of her older customer. She stared for a moment, her eyes taking in the entire view. She licked her lips even as she saw the wetness gathering on the lips, and she could tell her customer was excited. Another moment passed as Cindy's eyes continued to feast on the beauty of the flower exposed before her.

Suddenly remembering where she was, she said, "Seven and a half, Ma'am." Embarrassment swept over her as she realized that her customer had to know she was staring at her pussy. She was wondering how long it actually was that she stared.

"Ma'am? Call me Brenda please," she said, smiling at the reddened face of the salesgirl.

"Okay, Seven and a half then Brenda," Cindy restated trying not to look Brenda in the eye. "But you might be able to wear a seven, since you are right between sizes."

"Yes, that sounds right, Cindy," said Brenda as calmly as she could.

"I'll get these shoes in both sizes and be right back," Cindy said. Unable to resist, she took another look at Brenda's pussy blatantly exposed before her. Then, as she stood, she gave a polite smile to Brenda before heading to the storeroom.

It was after Nine O-clock now and Tammy had finished with her customer. She brought the gate down and then started vacuuming on the other side of the store. The lights in stores though out the mall were being turned off. 

In the storeroom, Cindy talked to herself as she looked for the right shoes. "I can't believe that she was blatantly showing me her pussy," she said. "And she is so turned on exposing herself like that!" Cindy could feel that the little bit of fabric covering her own pleasure spot was becoming wet also. "If she's trying to excite me, it's working," she was saying, when she found the shoes. 

She quickly pulled both sizes and stopped at the mirror and took a quick look. The redness had faded away from her face. She adjusted her bra and reached under her skirt and readjusted her panties. As her finger brushed over her lips she felt how moist she had become. "I can't believe how turned on I am," she said and then headed back to the showroom floor. 

Resuming her seat on the stool, she took a third look at Brenda's exposed pussy, this time noticing that Brenda's clit was also exposed and swollen. She put the boxes of shoes on the floor, spreading her own legs as she did so. Se reached down and took out the right shoe in the size seven and placed it on Brenda's extended foot. She then removed Brenda's left shoe and replaced it with the new shoe. 

"Try walking in those and see how they fit," said Cindy.

Brenda stood up right in front of Cindy, who did not move. Cindy was able to smell the scent of Brenda's excitement as se did. She breathed in as much of the sweet smell as she could. It went straight through her filling her with a strong desire for pleasure. As if a switch inside her had been turned on she wanted this woman who's pussy was exposed to her. 

Brenda slowly walked away allowing Cindy to see her legs and ass as she walked. Cindy reached between her legs and gave a quick rub to her own clit as it stood against her panty material. Her eyes followed up and down Brenda's legs from her heal to her ass as she rubbed herself. Brenda bent over as if to adjust a strap the shoe did not have, and exposed her naked ass to the gaze of the young sales girl. Cindy's fingers lingered on her love button as she watched the show.

Brenda turned and Cindy pulled her hand back from between her thighs. Brenda strode toward her prey doing her best imitation of a fashion model on the runway. Cindy watched intently wishing that she were still playing with herself. She smiled back at Brenda as Brenda looked her in the eye. They were both feeling the heightened sense of excitement between them. 

"I think they are a little tight," Brenda suggested.

"I have the other size right here," Cindy replied.

Brenda again sat on the seat in front of Cindy. This time she as she sat, Brenda slid to the very front edge of the seat pushing her skirt up higher and allowing her nakedness to hang out over the edge. She leaned back into the chair and lifted her left foot for Cindy to remove the shoe. Brenda's now soaked pussy was fully exposed just inches from Cindy's face. Cindy removed the shoe and Brenda pretended that her foot was cramping.

Cindy took the cramping foot with both hands and began massaging it. Brenda closed her eyes and let her thighs fall even further apart as Cindy's fingers played on her foot. Brenda then began tightening and relaxing the muscles of her pussy, making it pulse and dance for her young salesgirl. Cindy happily watched the show as she massaged the woman's foot. Her own pussy had now soaked her panties and her legs spread further and further. 

Cindy kept massaging Brenda's foot with one hand and slowly worked the other up and down her tight calf. Brenda kept up the exercise her pussy was doing, giving her further pleasure as the creamy juices flowed from her lips and lubricated her entire mound. The young girls hand working over her as she enjoyed her voyeuristic playing. Both of them were aching for satisfaction. 

Brenda could hear the vacuum only a few aisles away and moaned slightly as Cindy's hand moved above her knee and began working on her thigh. Cindy accepted that moan as permission to go further. Soon her fingers were inching toward Brenda's slippery folds and Cindy wanted to see how far she would be allowed to go. Further and further her fingers inched, and she held her breath as they first touched Brenda's pussy.

Brenda moaned and smiled as Cindy's fingers slide between her pussy lips. Cindy's other hand had abandoned the foot she was massaging and had moved to take care of her own need for release. Cindy pushed aside her panties and was rubbing her clit as her fingers played with Brenda's. Both of them squirming as pleasure swept through them. Brenda looked into Cindy's eyes for a moment before giving in to the pleasure that Cindy was giving her. Brenda's eyes slowly closed.

Brenda and Cindy were both on the verge of orgasm and were not aware of anything else that was going on. Tammy had stopped vacuuming and was coming to check on them. Tammy stopped dead in her tracks as she watched Cindy lean forward and replaced her fingers with her tongue on Brenda's love button. Brenda reached out and held Cindy head gently pulling her closer. Out of the corner of her eye, Cindy saw that Tammy was standing at the end of the aisle watching the erotic sight before her. It was too late and Cindy was too horny to stop now.

Brenda moaned and tightened her grip on Cindy as she went into orbit. Cindy's own climax was moments behind and her cream flowed out over her fingers as she licked up Brenda's cream. They shook and twitched together as they enjoyed the journey of pleasure they were on. But all to soon they started the return trip from the height of their orgasm. 

Brenda opened her eyes and was startled to see Tammy standing behind Cindy. Tammy's panties were at her knees as she stood there with her fingers massaging her exposed pussy. Brenda was now slightly embarrassed at having be caught be another girl, in such a compromising position, but seeing that Tammy was pleasing herself helped her relax.

Cindy lifted her head from between Brenda's thighs. Her mouth and chin covered in Brenda's slick cream. She turned around on the stool and faced her coworker. Tammy stepped forward and fed her pussy to Cindy, who eagerly dove in. Brenda felt a little jealous at losing the attention of her targeted lover, but then realized that she could end up having two young lovers. She slid the remaining shoe off and walked behind Tammy. Moving in behind her she wrapped her arms around her and kissed her on the neck. Tammy melted into Brenda as Cindy continued feeding. 

Brenda unbuttoned Tammy's blouse and pushed her bra up. Cupping Tammy's breasts in each hand she pulled her tightly to her as her tongue licked at her ear. Tammy tightened straight as a board lifting her feet off the ground when her orgasm hit. Brenda kept her from falling as she supported her in the air. Brenda tightly squeezed Tammy's exposed tits and Cindy sucked hard on her clit as they helped Tammy achieve a second orgasm. Tammy went limp as a noodle after her climaxes and Brenda gently lowered her to the floor as Cindy took a few last licks.

Brenda then returned her attention to Cindy. She took her by the hand and lifted Cindy up to her. Their lips meet in a warm embrace. Their tongues tangled together and Brenda could taste her own pussy as well as Tammy's on her young lovers lips. Their hands explored each other as the kissed. Brenda's hands cupping and squeezing Cindy's ass cheeks as Cindy fondled the ripe melons offered her. 

Brenda moved Cindy to the chair and sat her down. She then knelt in front of Cindy. Cindy spread her lags and lifted them up, opening her self to Brenda's tongue as it advanced up her thigh. Brenda moved into her target and got the first taste of her desire's pussy. The silkiness of her young lover felt sensual against her lips and tongue. She lapped up the juices that flowed from Cindy and then moved to her little soldier. Brenda took the swollen clit between her lips and rolled her tongue over it, teasing her young lover with each roll of her tongue. Unable to stand it any longer, Cindy pushed her pussy against Brenda's mouth and Brenda sucked in her love button.

As Brenda worked to return to Cindy the pleasure she had received, she felt Tammy moving in behind her. Tammy lifted Brenda's skirt and her hands massaged Brenda's exposed ass. Tammy then lowered her head and slid her tongue between the cheeks licking her asshole. Brenda moaned into Cindy's pleasure hole as she opened her ass to the tongue assaulting her. Brenda reached between her legs and played with her own clit adding to the stimulus of the moment.

Brenda felt another orgasm coming and redoubled her efforts on Cindy as her lover began to tighten before her orgasm. Cindy's thighs clamped around Brenda's head as her orgasm began. Brenda's orgasm started as Tammy's tongue danced in and out of her asshole. Fingers, tongues, and lips worked together to help spread the pleasure around and the pleasure spread trough the near naked bodies on the showroom floor.

As their climaxes subsided and heavy breathing was echoing through the store, they heard the voice of the security guard.

"Is everything okay in there?" he asked.

The girls scrambled to straighten themselves up, thankful that they could not be seen where they were. 

"Yes. We are just doing a little restocking. We should be done soon," Cindy called to him.

"Okay, just checking," he replied as he went on his way. 

Tammy had gone to the storeroom, Brenda and Cindy stood in the aisle making final adjustments to their outfits. Brenda took Cindy by the hand and looked sweetly at her young lover's face.

"Thank you for a great time," Brenda said.

"No, thank you, looks like we all had a great time," Cindy replied. "You didn't get to try the other size on, she continues as she picked up the boxes of shoes."

"I'll take the seven and a half size please," Brenda said.

Cindy rang up the shoes. Brenda paid cash for them. 

"Do you have them in a deep blue," Brenda queried.

"We might, I can go look." Cindy said.

"No that's okay," Brenda said stopping her from leaving. "I'll give you the money now, and you can look for them and bring them over when you can."

Brenda handed an equal amount of cash to her along with a card. Cindy looked at the card. It said, "Hope to see you soon' on the back and on the front was Brenda's address and phone number.

"Okay, I'll try to bring them by tomorrow then," Cindy said.

"Great, I'll look forward to it," Brenda said with a wink.

Tammy came out of the storeroom. Her hair was all fixed and she looked refreshed and ready to go out on a date. 

"Tammy, could you let Brenda out, while I take care of the register?" Cindy asked. 

"Sure." Tammy answered, leading the way to the gate.

Cindy put the shoes and receipt in a bag and handed them to Brenda. Then she leaned forward and gave Brenda a kiss.

"Good night," she told Brenda.

"Yes it is," Brenda giggled as she followed after Tammy. 

Tammy let Brenda out and they kissed before Brenda left. "See you soon, dear," Brenda said as she headed down the mall.