 I can smell the wood smoke in the air as I pick my way between the trees. With the leaves turning, the chill of the night had made a Halloween bon fire the perfect way to spend the evening. Although I was relieved to get the invite for the more casual, low key affair on Halloween instead of the general cutsie, couple laden Halloween parties, the night would have been far better if I'd had someone to go home to. 

The wind almost seemed to whisper to me as it blew through the trees. I paused for a moment to look up at the branches swaying in the night sky. When I looked back to the path, the shortcut I was taking to the bonfire, I was startled to see a tall, slender figure standing just ahead of me. "You scared me!" I blurted out, then immediately blushed.

The figure let out a soft chuckle and moved slightly closer to me, until it was illuminated by a patch of moonlight coming down through the forest canopy. She was tall and willowy, with long wild hair that seemed to softly move on its own accord, and she had almost a green tint to her smooth skin. She wore no clothing, and I could feel my heart begin to beat faster as my gaze traveled over her firm breasts and down to the dark shadow of pubic hair nestled between her legs. 

"Who, no, what are you?" I whispered.

"Does it really matter?" she said as she moved so close that I could feel her earthy breath on my face. I barely had to think about my answer before shaking my head "No, it doesn't." as I stepped into her arms.

No sooner had I spoken than she grabbed a handful of my hair and firmly but gently pulled my head back and covered my mouth with hers. I melted into her body and softly moaned, pressing my breasts against hers. "Impatient are we?" she said with a half smile upon her lips. She moved so fast she seemed nothing more than a blur as she pulled my shirt over my head and guided me down onto the grass beside the path.

Her mouth latched onto my left nipple, slowly tracing circles around it with her tongue as her hand kneaded and squeezed my other breast roughly. I was panting now, arching up towards her, desperate for more. With a quick slap, she let go of my breast and pulled my pants and panties down in one smooth motion. The cool air hit my already dripping wet pussy, making me shudder. She pushed my thighs apart as she began to lick and suck on my clit with an intensity I'd never felt before. She seemed to be almost trying to forcefully pull an orgasm from me. 

"Oh, please! Please don't stop!" I gasped, twining my hands in her hair.

I felt her impossibly long fingers slip into my hungry slit, pushing me over the edge. With a scream my pussy clenched around her hand as my orgasm rippled through me, my cum dripping onto the grass below me. I felt her pull back, leaving me achingly empty. I opened my eyes and gazed up at her, watching as she slowly licked my juices from her fingers one by one.

Then with a big smile, she vanished into the shadows as quickly as she had appeared, leaving me still breathless and spent.

As I reassembled my clothing, I made a mental note to take the shortcut through the woods far more often.