 Amber & Maya: Hot Hispanic Holidays Ch. 1

Note: Chronologically, this story follows "Amber loses Control". However, it is not necessary to have read the first to enjoy the sequel: the first covers the one night that led to Amber and Maya meeting, while this story takes place several months later and over a span of several weeks. 

* * * * *

Maya watched Amber, peacefully asleep beside her on the couch, wondering how it had come for both women to grow so close so fast. She could not help but give a light shudder of desire as she watched her lover's chest rise and fall with each soft breath, lips parted to reveal a flash of white teeth. Maya knew the kind of things Amber could to her with those teeth, and those full, soft lips. She knew how warm they felt against her skin. Her gaze traveled from the sleepy face, enshrouded by a wild tangle of fiery red hair, down to the jut of her chin and the smooth curve that led Maya's gaze down her throat to the clear etching of her collarbones against the creamy, white skin. The soft hollow between Amber's collarbones was a teasing temptation to the restless woman as she pictured pressing her lips to that soft spot and teasing it damp with a warm lick of her tongue. Amber mumbled something incoherent and shifted beside Maya, the redhead's breasts pushing against her lover's arm in a crush both warm and deliciously soft. Maya could barely contain herself. In fact, within minutes, Amber would probably drift awake to the sounds of her own moans and whimpering.

It had been a few months since she had met Amber at a painting class the redhead attended. Maya herself, a stunning blonde model, had been hired for the night to pose nude for a group of artists, and Amber had been one of them. Maya had caught her, red-handed, so to say, staring at her in a most lewd manner. Not that Maya wasn't used to people staring at her, but it did not come so frequently from women, who were more prone to throw her looks of envy. So she had blown all caution to hell and dragged her off at the end of the class, to put it bluntly, to fuck. The model had found that her open advances had more than paid off – Amber had proven not only to be willing, but most certainly dripping with the need to satisfy her urges after a little coaxing from Maya. After a weekend that could mostly be described as a non-stop fuckfest, both women could not seem to get enough of each other. 

For Maya, this was a first and in many ways somewhat scary. She was not the kind of woman who knew the meaning of the word "relationship". Relationships were something you had with your family, and most of those got on her nerves after more than one day anyhow. As for women and men, she had been through a hell of a lot of those – but they knew what to expect from her, which were a hard long fuck and a note in a little black book assessing their performance. If they were lucky, the sultry blonde would call them up again on a night of boredom. The two guys she had called over on the night she met Amber, were no exception. The redhead, however, certainly was. Two months later and here she was, next to her and naked; uncomfortable on the leather couch but cozy and warm against Maya. 

What kept them meeting up again and again? Maya wasn't sure. She certainly didn't need an entry for Amber in her little black book, her phone number was as etched in her head as her own birthday. They would meet up when they had time and go shopping, dine out, watch a movie, chat – and most certainly fuck. There was always something new to try, someone new to meet or join, and even if there wasn't they could not get enough of each other. On one part, Amber had seemed to revel in her newfound sexual appetite, and her inhibitions, becoming less and less with each new "experiment" made her bloom with a new, feral kind of beauty. And it sure as hell made Maya want her more badly than ever.

So there was this problem of their "relationship" which wasn't really a relationship at all… just a little – well, no, a LOT of sex between good friends and having fun together. Amber seemed to know Maya wasn't the type to settle, but nevertheless she always came around, whether it be to cook Maya dinner (the model was terrible in the kitchen and had come to rely on mostly fruit and raw vegetables which didn't need cooking) or for some conversation over a bottle of wine. Of course, each evening would invariably end in the same way, but still, there was an unimplied SOMETHING there that Maya couldn't quite figure out and wasn't necessarily sure she wanted to. 

Amber's sleepovers at Maya's place became more frequent, so much in fact that she kept her own toothbrush and toothpaste in a cup at Maya's bathroom. Even a few shirts, some underwear and dresses had found their way into the model's large wardrobe. Of course, Maya told herself, this was perfectly normal. Some of their activities meant Amber's clothes ended up with unsightly stains. These were washed and kept for the next time she would come around. Yet somehow, that pile of clothes kept growing. Recently over lunch they had even joked about it, Amber saying that with all her clothes at Maya's place, it would be easier to move all her stuff in rather than move it out to her apartment again. Yeah, they had laughed rather nervously over that one. Yet the silence that had followed the joke had certainly been awkward and not really amusing at all. 

What if Amber didn't come around anymore? It made Maya think. Could she go back to her life as it was before? Easy going, no worries, just fun and no emotions involved? Wasn't that what she was doing with Amber? 

Maya felt a cold clammy hand wrap around her heart as she looked quietly at the slumbering Amber beside her. She had snuggled closer for warmth and was resting her cheek against the blonde's shoulder, softly nosing her neck. Maya felt that clammy knot rise to her throat, like a sorrowful bulge of pain that wished to be birthed. She swallowed and pushed the thought aside. Somehow, she didn't feel like fucking anymore.

*****

A couple of weeks later, Maya landed a job for a photo shoot in Ibiza. It was a rather small but very trendy island in the Mediterranean Sea, part of the Balearic archipelago off the East Coast in Spain. A trendy fashion shop in Europe was seeking to revamp their bathing suit sales by introducing a new line of revealing swimwear for the coming summer season. The campaign was meant to start in June, and already in May they still hadn't found adequate replacements for the models they had tried to contract. They looked overseas and were more than impressed with Maya's portfolio, but the thing being as short notice as it was, she would have to leave in two weeks. When she told Amber, the redhead grinned widely. 

"Spain, hm? Lucky bitch. I wish I could go there as well!"

Maya crooked an eyebrow. "Well, why don't you and make a holiday of it? I keep telling you, you work far too much." Amber laughed and swatted the model's pert ass.

"An whose fault is that, I wonder?" Her expression softened as she tugged on the corner of her bottom lip with her teeth, appearing to consider it. "But it has been ages since I took time off. I think I even had 10 vacation days carry over from last year into this one because I didn't take them." Maya didn't comment, and pretended to take great interest in the details of her contract which were spread out before her on the dining table. "I guess I have saved enough cash by having you buy food so that all I have to do is just cook." Maya turned a leaf, smiling to herself as Amber continued musing, counting further items off with her fingers. "Not to mention water, electricity and gas bills at my place have gone down since I keep coming over here…" Maya sensed where this was heading. She was about to say something when she felt the redhead's arms close around her from behind, her chin resting on the blonde's shoulder. "Guess you are my sugah momma… will you buy me a lollypop if I come along, mommy?" she purred in a warm whisper, her soft lips brushing against the curve of Maya's ear. 

Maya shuddered and eased herself back into the embrace. How easy it was to be lulled by those words and lose herself in those arms, she thought. Her face turned toward Amber's, feeling her lovers lips brush her warming cheeks and finally touch against her own mouth in a small, lingering kiss. "If you come along I will buy you something way better than a fucking lollypop, honey…" She leaned in a little more to purse both her lips around Amber's lower one. She forced her mouth open to coax her lovers own lips to part with a soft sigh, the touch deliberately slow and sensual, damp where her pink tongue slid over the supple curves of Amber's mouth. 

Amber found it too hard to resist, and soon enough she had swung a leg over Maya's thighs, easing her ass onto the model's lap while straddling her hips as she was seated in the chair. Too much, Maya thought, it was too much and too good. She found her fingers loosening the buttons of Amber's shirt as their tongues entwined in a heated dance of slow pleasure, revealing inch after inch of pale neckline and shoulders as she pushed the garment down her lover's arms and the glorious rise of her breasts. 

As per usual when Amber came to visit, she wore nothing beneath her top. As Maya struggled with the last few buttons, the whole shirt merely slid off Amber's succulent figure like a feather sliding down soft silk, pooling about her waist. 

Not that the model had noticed, engrossed as she was with her lover's mouth and the damp, hot taste it delivered. The exchange of touches and teasing tongue lashes was as urgent and greedy as ever. One moment she was feeling the redhead's licker slip past her own lips into her mouth, the next Maya was dipping her head low to catch on the flat of her tongue a strand of ropy spittle that had extended between Maya's wet lips and Amber's chin. A lick as nasty as a whip yet infinitely softer landed over the spot to carry every drop of her lover's taste into Maya's mouth. 

The feeling of wrapping her fingers around Amber's tits was mind-blowing to the blonde. Holding her breasts was nowhere near enough, she had to grip tight, feel that sweet, hot titflesh cram into the tight space her hands would decree, warm and pliant as it took on the shape of Maya's curved palms and bulging out ever so slightly between her splayed fingers. She could feel the caps that crowned each breast harden and push against her palm like hard little pebbles, aching with heat. 

"I love your titties, babyface…" Maya would purr, pushing both plump breasts together just so she could see the cleavage grow more accentuated before stealing another hungry, intimately hot kiss from the redhead's damp and willing mouth. Maya felt a moan bubble on her own lips, her fingers parting a little more to allow those stiff nubs to peek between her digits. 

"My fucking sweet, hot, horny little babyslut… We'll go to fucking Spain together all right. Even if I have to drag you there by your fucking hair." Maya's voice was a hiss, spittle flying between kisses and words, her own precarious control breaking as the savage sexual beast within stirred awake. 

"You hear me, sweetiecunt? By your fucking HAIR." The lusty blonde's hands closed tighter again, trapping each wrinkled nipple between hard knuckles and increasing the pressure enough to make Amber moan hotly into the shared, sloppy wet kiss. Already Maya could feel the heat between Amber's thighs pulse hot against her bare tummy, a dampness barely concealed by flimsy thin cotton panties beneath her loose dress, which she had bunched up around the redhead's waist. 

One week of this with Amber, non-stop, in Spain? Maya's last coherent thought before losing herself entirely to her wild, lascivious, sex-greedy side, was that she wouldn't mind such a week at all.

*****

A few days later, Amber finally got her vacation days from work. "It wasn't too hard, really." She mused as she told Maya about it. "I whined a while about how I had been working really hard and the stress was getting to me, for not having had a single day off – sick or paid vacation, since June last year. MY manager was reluctant to let me go, but all I had to do was bat my eyelashes and say 'pweeeease'." She giggled in that endearing way of hers, the skin on the bridge of her nose crinkling ever so lightly. Maya smiled. 

"So!" She slapped two airline tickets on the table. "I booked us a flight to Barcelona, where we will stay for two days before we take our flight to Ibiza." Amber's hand inched toward the tickets, but it only gained her a playful swat. "Hands off! I haven't finished yet." Maya grinned impishly. 

Amber drew her lips into a schoolgirl pout, her hands resting before her on the table. "Go on then!"

"First of all, we will stay in a rather expensive hotel near the old part of town in Barcelona. Since my contractors are paying, I asked them for a double suite, all expensive covered for the benefit of my comfort alone." She waggled her eyebrows teasingly. "I GUESS I can accommodate you to share the suite with me for 2 nights."

Amber grinned and lifted two fingers, index and middle, displaying them for Maya's benefit. "Wanna GUESS where I can accommodate these two if you DON'T? Hmm?"

Mayas lips parted in a wide grin, her teeth a perfect flash of white. "Don't start tempting me, now…" She lifted one of the tickets and tossed it over to the redhead. "We can do a bit of sightseeing while in Barcelona, but once we get to Ibiza, it hard, hard work for me." Maya could not suppress the grin on her face. "Well, at least for one whole day or two. The photo shots are to be taken in various scenic locations on the island: clubs, beaches, you name it. So the remaining three to four days – we can go out and play."

Amber eyed her ticket with a smug, almost petulant expression. "Mm, well, YOU have to work, what is to keep me from having fun while you sweat it hard for the money?" 

Maya kept that confident grin playing over her lips. She lifted two fingers, just as Amber had done. "Lack of these, sweetie."

Amber laughed, throwing her hands up in mock surrender. "Okay, I get the message. You win."

Inwardly, Maya felt oddly warm. For once, it wasn't the warmth between her thighs she was pretty used to, which was easy to satisfy and classify. It was the kind of warmth that gave her butterflies in her stomach, the kind that set her heart beating faster without necessarily being sexually aroused. 

Eight days with Amber. Living with her twenty-four hours a day. That night a few weeks ago when she had come to realize what was happening between them, she had pushed the thought away, the same way she would ignore a tiny splinter that could not be removed. Over a little time, it was accepted as part of her and gave only a dull ache when prodded. It could be ignored, but ignoring it would not make that tiny splinter in her heart fade away. It was the first time she would spend over a week with one of her partners. 

Maya threw Amber a thoughtful glance, and caught the other woman staring at her. A little flustered, the redhead smiled a nervous smile and pretended to examine the flight ticket. Apparently, she was not the only nervous one.

*****

The flight to Spain was rather uneventful, if not long. Although both women were tempted to try to age-old cliché of having sex in the restroom, one short trip to it by Amber confirmed that it was too small a room for two adult women to stand in, let alone make out. While men, having the proper equipment, might not have a problem "slipping it in", Amber and Maya liked having space when they went at it. They liked to go all over the place and fucking in the airplane restroom would have been too claustrophobic an experience. 

As it was, they already obtained several judgmental glances from nearby passengers in the business class, in particular an elderly couple who could not stop staring at them in the most shocked manner whenever both lovers stole a kiss or giggled suggestively. The old woman even made the sign of the cross once, thinking probably that both women would burn in hell for what they were doing. This was enough for Maya to get irritated, pulling Amber's mouth over to hers in a very explicit, intimate kiss; one eye glancing briefly at the old woman as if to defy her to say anything. Amber said little - she moaned against Maya's mouth and the elderly couple from then on stopped bugging them.

They arrived many, many hours later, tired and bleary-eyed in Barajas Airport, Madrid, where they were to take the connecting flight to Barcelona. By the time they were seated again, they were all but passed out, Maya's head resting on Amber's shoulder as both women slept fast through the brief one-and-a-half hour flight. 

They both were drowsy and started to feel the first effects of Jet Lag at noon in Barcelona as they were driven by Taxi from the airport to the hotel. Maya was used to Jet Lag, but it didn't mean she liked it – it is an odd feeling to see the sun shine hot and clear above your head when your body is screaming that it should be 6 am. 

Amber wasn't faring much better either. She was beginning to understand why Maya's contractors had so willingly accepted to her terms of having a few days rest in Barcelona first before heading over to Ibiza. You didn't want to take pictures of a model with rings under her eyes.

They arrived at their hotel around 2 p.m. and checked into the double suite. The bed was far too tempting and although they both considered just sleeping the weariness off, Maya would not allow it. 

"No way. You have to trust me on this. We sleep now, we will still have jet lag in 4 days." Amber whined in protest but Maya shook her head. "Come, believe me, I've done this plenty of times. Let's go take a walk and do some sightseeing, and when its 9 p.m. we can hit the sack. In 2 days we will be fine." Amber groaned in protest but Maya merely pressed her hands to the redhead's back and shoved her all they way out the door and out of the hotel. 

Once outside and in the fresh air, Amber felt some of her weariness easing off at the wondrous sight of the Catalonian city. Barcelona, it turned out, was a glorious amalgamation of modern and old architecture. From the abstract and smooth-flowing mosaic-layered buildings of Gaudí and Güell Park, to the modern skyscrapers and towering glass constructs and offices, there was variety in every street corner. The city itself was easy to navigate – it was structured much in the same fashion as many American cities, shaped like a grid of horizontal and vertical avenues and streets. However, just as every corner held a different surprise, even this grid system was not constant in the older part of town where Barcelona was originally born, near the port area. 

The Old Town, or "Pueblo Viejo" as the locals called it, was a stretch of labyrinthine streets and alleys that connected to each other in serpentine tangles that more often than not did not make sense. This area was immensely popular with the tourists as older buildings were the predominating architecture in the area, and each street had a rustic little restaurant where tourists could rest their feet and watch people pass by. The main thoroughfare, Las Ramblas, stood like a column that ran straight from the piers to what was considered as the central part of the city, Plaza Cataluña. 

Las Ramblas itself consisted of two large avenues for traffic, running up and down past what could be most accurately described as a sidewalk in the middle of the street. Wide enough as a street of its own, it was lined by trees and small businesses that had opened up over the years to attract the locals and tourists. Anything could be found there, from newspaper stands to pet shops, coffee shops and small bard, even fruit and flower shops popped up every now and then. 
