 I walk into another gay bar. This is the fifth one I have been to in just a couple of months. I can't believe I haven't found a single decent looking girl yet. Well, I met one, but she just wanted a one night stand. With her talent, I know why. God. She was good. 

"I'll just have whatever red wine you got. Surprise me." As I receive my drink, I look over at a beautiful, innocent looking girl. Man, she's gorgeous. Pale, blue eyes, short blonde hair. Please oh please be- 

"H-hello. I'm uh, I'm Amber. This is actually my first time in a gay bar. Pretty intense, huh?" Amber. Beautiful.

"Your first time? Did you just turn 21?"

"A couple months ago. What's your name?"

"I'm Anna. I'm 22. This is about my fifth bar within the last several months. They can be pretty intense I guess." I give her a comforting smile and pat the chair beside me. "Why not let me get you a drink?"

And so started us. We talked about so many things. Our family, lives, coming out stories. We have gotten to know each other so well in such a short time. 

"Hey, why not come over to my place? We can talk more there." I suggest to her. She looks up at me with her beautiful eyes and nods with a heart melting smile. "Great." I grab her hand as we stand and take her out. "Did u come with somebody?"

"Oh yes. My sister. I should find her and let her know." We look back inside to see a mob of people dancing and drinking. "Or I can just text her." We look at each other and laugh.

We get into my car and I take her home. Once we arrive, I sit on the couch and turn on the TV. "What kind of shows and movies do you enjoy?"

She sits so close to me, I can barely contain myself. "Romance and comedy. What about you?" Her voice has become a little lower than before.

"Oh well, I enjoy all kinds. How about this?" A random show is playing and I have no idea what it is.

"Sure." She gets closer to me, places her hand on my cheek, draws my face close to hers, and kisses me deeply. I can't resist anymore. I kiss her back deeply and passionately and try to get on top of her. She won't allow me to get on top, instead, she pushes me down, grabs my hands, and holds them above my head. She maneuvers her tongue into my mouth slowly and I follow her pattern. She bites my tongue gently and sucks on it, making me moan. She stops, looks at me, and smirks. I open my mouth to say something, but she lets go of my hands and grabs both of my boobs. I immediately close my mouth and bite my lip. 

She squeezes them gently then lifts up my shirt and I let her take it off. She unsnaps by bra and lowers her head. She kisses my neck several time, trailing down to my chest, and my nipples. She sucks lightly, then hard, and makes a pattern of it. This drive me crazy. She then uses her tongue to flick my hard nipple and uses her hand to pinch and twist the other. I can't help but moan again. She nibbles on it and sucks some more. When she lifts her head up, she grabs both my boobs again then goes back down and kisses my stomach, trailing down to my pants. She undoes them, slips them and my panties off, and looks at my vagina. She bites her lip and looks up at me. "Mm, it's beautiful." She licks from bottom to top and sucks on my clitoris. Damn. It's been a while. It feels so good, and she clearly knows what she's doing. As she continues licking and sucking my clitoris, I reach down and gently hold her hair up. She continues and I let out more moans, which at this point, I cannot contain. "mm, Amber." 

I can tell she's smiling or smirking, because she lifts her head away and puts a finger in. Slowly. Teasingly. She wiggles it around a little but goes back down on me and puts her tongue in. She wiggles it around then licks up to my clitoris once more. As she tongues my clitoris, she puts two fingers in, making me moan louder and grip her hair. She moves them in and out teasingly, then moves them around to find and hit my g-spot. Once she hits it, I moan and say "There." She continues to hit the spot and lick my clitoris, eventually making me cum. "damn Amber..." As I breathe heavily from the orgasm, she licks her fingers, and brings herself back to my face and kisses me deeply.

"Anna, darling, you are now mine." And I'm perfectly fine with that.