 Marissa had worked up a sweat. She'd been coming to the gym now for a few months and really worked herself hard. She liked the feeling it had on her. 

There were other things she'd come to like as well. 

Since her breakup, it had become clear to her that she had interests outside of what most would call "Normal". 

She got really hot and turned on by women. 

Not just any woman but these women. The ones at the gym in their tight, little shorts and tops, with their tummy's showing and their boobs pressed hard against their shirts. Oh yes, she really loved coming to the gym. 

One woman in particular stood out. 

Marissa had seen her in here several times a week. Sometimes they'd be next to each other on the treadmill and other times on the bikes. Marissa had over heard a few conversations and learned the woman's name was Jessica.

When they weren't on the equipment, both could be found in the same aerobics class. Jessica was almost always in front of Marissa and usually down a few people. This gave Marissa a great view of Jessica's ass as well as the rest of her body in the mirrors. 

When they jogged in place, Marissa really loved watching those breasts move. Jessica must have been a D cup easily and they looked so firm in that top she wore. 

They had never talked, although Marissa had been caught looking at her from time to time. She wondered what Jessica thought and always waited to be confronted but it never happened. 

Today was like any other day. 

Marissa worked her ass off and walked several miles to boot. She really needed a shower and the thought of the water running down her body seemed like heaven. 

She hopped off the treadmill and headed that way. Usually there were several girls in and out of the showers but when she walked in, she found she was the only one. Fine with her, she could enjoy the shower alittle more without having to worry about keeping someone from it. 

She stripped and grabbed her towel. The back stall was a favorite, it had a privacy door and some of the women were really very shy. Marissa seldom got to use it and was going take her chance now. 

She slipped in and turned the water on. A gush of cool water poured down and she gasped at first. Soon though her body became adjusted to it and she just closed her eyes and let it flow. 

She ran her fingers through her hair and then down over her body. Her nipples were hard from the temperature of the water and she sighed as her fingers grazed over them. 

Suddenly her mind conjured up an image of Jessica in class. Marissa would bet she looked great wet. She could see the water running and dripping off her nipples and it made her hot. 

Marissa let her fingers roam lower down her body and between her legs. She felt an instant heat run through her body as her fingers found her center. Oh how this woman and images of her turned Marissa on. 

Just as she was about to slip a finger inside her pussy, Marissa heard a cough and her eyes flew open. 

Standing there, watching her over the little door was Jessica. 

Marissa was just speechless and she quickly tried to cover herself up. She knew that Jessica couldn't possibly know the exact thoughts in her mind but Marissa feared her face might have given some away. 

Jessica kind of smiled as her eyes roamed over Marissa's body lingering on her breasts. 

"Don't be shy." She said and stepped right into the shower with Marissa. 

Gently she moved Marissa's hands to her sides and watched her. No words came to Marissa. She was not only stunned that she'd been caught but the woman she fantasized about was right there, naked, in front of her. 

Marissa let her eyes glide down over Jessica as the water licked its way over their bodies. 

Jessica's body was more gorgeous so than Marissa could have ever thought. And she was shaven clean as well! Another major turn on. 

"You want to touch me?" She asked Marissa. 

"Go ahead" she said and guided Marissa's hand to her pussy. 

When her hand came in contact with Jessica's hot pussy soft moans filled the shower stall. 

"Put your finger inside for me" Jessica whimpered 

Marissa could not believe her ears but couldn't stop from doing what was asked. 

She pushed her finger inside and found Jessica's clit. As Marissa brushed her finger over that sensitive bud, sounds of pleasure escaped from them both. 

This was amazing!

To quickly Jessica pulled away and smiled. 

Marissa found herself disappointed as her finger slipped out of that wet heaven. But it lasted only a second as Jessica backed her up against the shower wall and her mouth took Marissa's nipple deep into it. 

The pleasure was more than Marissa thought it would be and she moaned so loud. 

The more Jessica sucked and nibbled, the louder Marissa got. They could probably be heard out in the gym but she didn't care. This felt too good to be quiet. 

Suddenly Jessica stopped her attention on Marissa's breasts and dropped to her knees. Before Marissa could even think about it, Jessica hands parted her thighs and her tongue was thrust up into Marissa's tingling pussy. 

The world shook! 

It was unbelievable feeling a woman's tongue inside her. The flicking of it over her clit was so good. 

She hung onto Jessica's hair while her hips grinded against her face. A flushed feeling washed over Marissa as she got tongue fucked by the woman of her fantasies. 

This was real. The woman on her knees before her was real. The sounds echoing all around them were real. 

As was that rush of heat that came right before release was real. Marissa knew she was going to cum. Her head was thrown back, her breathing hard and her body arched. She was hanging onto Jessica's hair for dear life and it was all she could do to not scream. 

Jessica moved her hands to Marissa's ass and pushed her face further into her throbbing pussy. She must have sensed Marissa was going to cum and Marissa didn't let her down. 

She exploded all over Jessica's tongue. 

Her body took on a mind of it's own and convulsed with pleasure. 

Never had anything felt so good, never had anyone probed her pussy so well and so hot. There, under the pouring water, Marissa came harder than she ever had in her life and Jessica's tongue just didn't stop. 

Finally, when Jessica had sucked Marissa's pussy dry, she rose up and without a moment's hesitation she pushed Marissa gently to her own knees. 

Marissa looked up at her and waited to be guided. She wanted this woman to feel good but she wanted to be controlled in the moment. 

Jessica reached down with her fingers and separated her own pussy lips exposing her clit to Marissa. 

"Lick it," she commanded and Marissa did just that. 

She leaned in and flicked her tongue right over Jessica's clit. Making her moan and lean up against the wall herself. 

"Ahhh yes" She sighed

"Now suck on it" Jessica demanded

Once again Marissa obeyed. She grabbed Jessica's thighs and buried her face into her pussy, sucking on her clit and sliding her fingers up inside Jessica at the same time. 

Jessica's hips moved furiously against Marissa's face and fingers. Pushing her fingers as deep as she could Marissa fucked Jessica wildly. She wanted Jessica to scream. 

And she did! 

Jessica came fast and hard. Her hands held on Marissa's head tight and she fucked against her fingers and tongue. Marissa sucked hard on her clit and felt Jessica's pussy grasp her fingers and cum all over. 

Bucking and bucking Jessica came for what seemed like forever. Marissa knew she had done well. The body never lied. 

She slipped her fingers out and stood up slowly. Jessica smiled at her and they kissed so passionately under that running water. Their bodies spent, their hearts pounding.

The water trailed down between them as they found their breath and their composure. Neither of them would ever look at gym class the same again. And neither regretted that!!