 I’ve got wonderful friends with the greatest of intentions, but sometimes they can be somewhat annoying.

Every year, we take a weekend ski trip. And every year they try to fix me up with someone. They don’t understand that I take the trip to be with them, and not some stranger.

Until last year, that is.

The five of us own a time-share cabin in the Smoky Mountains of Tennessee that we go to once a year. There was six of us until my break-up with Ricci, four years ago. We have the cabin for a whole week, but we usually only use it for the weekend, since all of us have jobs to go back to on Monday.

Last year, Brandi and Nicole decided to bring a friend with them. Tanya was a nice person. Very cute, with short dark blonde hair. She had brown eyes, a beautifully shaped nose and luscious lips. Her body reminded me of a model, with larger breasts than most models I’d seen...not too large, and I certainly wouldn’t kick her out of my bed because of them! And she had a very pleasant personality.

Nicole and I were close... like sisters. We talked about everything. She told me that Tanya worked with Brandi and that Tanya had been seeing someone and it just ended. Nicole didn’t give me any details because she didn’t have any to give.

We arrived at the cabin on Friday night, too exhausted from the week to do much of anything, so we went just went to dinner and then back to the cabin to crash. We sat in front of the fireplace, sipping wine and chatting about the goings on in each other’s lives. Around 2 a.m., the girls started heading for their respective rooms, leaving Tanya and I alone in front of the fireplace. We sat in a stilted silence for a long time.. neither of us knowing what to say or do. She was on one side of the heat, and I was on the other, both of us laying on sleeping bags laid on the thick rug.

"Nicole tells me you work with Brandi," I said, trying to initiate some kind of communication.

"Yeah, I’m one of the accountants for Brandi’s firm," she said.

I thought, "Oh, great! An Accountant! Now what are we going to talk about?" But instead I said, "Accounting, huh? Sounds interesting."

"No. It isn’t," she said with a laugh. "I see that ‘oh shit! What do we talk about’ look."

Embarrassed that she read my mind, I laughed. But still didn’t know what to say.

"Brandi tells me you all come up here every year," she said.

Relieved that she started a conversation I could follow, I said, "Yeah, it’s a nice getaway from the everyday stresses. And the one time a year, we all force ourselves to spend time with each other away from everything."

"Wow, that’s great," she said. "You all seem so close."

"We try to do a lot of things together, but it seems we’re drifting apart more and more." I explained. "Anymore, we only get together once in the summer for a cookout and once in the winter for this ski trip. This is our eighth ski trip."

"That is so cool," she said.

We continued talking about the cabin, and some of the things we’ve done to it, and in it. All the animals around the place. And how peaceful it was up there, away from civilization. By the time we finished off another bottle of wine, we were getting sleepy. We had already stacked our sleeping bags to make the floor more comfortable, and were laying face to face with our hands supporting our heads. I vaguely remember saying goodnight.

The next morning, I woke up to "shhhhh.. they’re asleep". And to the pasty feel of old wine in my mouth. I opened my eyes to find Tanya laying beside me, curled up in a ball and snuggled with her back to me. Somehow, we were both covered by a blanket.

When I moved to get up, Tanya began to stir, I moved slowly so as not to wake her. I looked toward the kitchenette and saw the four of them watching me intently. Their disappointment was obvious when I emerged from the blanket fully dressed. They all groaned and turned their attention back to preparing breakfast. I spread my hands and gave them a "what did you expect?" look. Movement from the floor brought my attention back to the slumbering woman. I looked down at her and her eyes opened.

She gave a yawn and a stretch and said, "Good morning."

"Good morning," I said and reached down to take her hand. As I gave her a hand up, all eyes were on Tanya, to see her mode of dress. "It seems we have disappointed the girls," I said with a laugh.

Tanya laughed, and all four of them looked embarrassed.

Saturday was fun, well, most of it. We started off cross-country skiing. Re-discovered the paths that lead all through the snowy wonderland. The squirrels scurried around, watching these strange looking creatures invade their territory. We saw several rabbits and even caught a glimpse of a red fox jumping through the snow. I’m sure we would have seen more wildlife if we had been a little quieter.

Around noon, we headed back to the cabin for a quick bite before gathering our downhill skis to hit the slopes.

Tanya admitted that she wasn’t much for downhill skiing, that she’d only done it a few times, and wasn’t very good. She looked relieved when I told her it wasn’t my forte, either, but I enjoyed it. "So we’ll stick to the beginner slopes," I told her.

She smiled a thankful smile. The other’s just rolled their eyes.

On the way out, Nicole caught my arm. "You’re taking a liking to Tanya, aren’t you?"

"Nicole, she’s a nice person. And she’s easy to talk to," I said. "Don’t go playing Cupid, we’re very different. If something happens, it happens... if it don’t, it don’t. I’m not worried about it, so neither should you. Besides, now you guys don’t have to babysit me on the bunny slopes this time."

"Yeah, I know," she said with a smile. "It sounds like you’re going to be doing some babysitting of your own!"

I gave her a little shove out the door and said, "Get outta here, you perv!"

We both laughed as we walked out of the cabin.

It continued to be a beautiful day. The sun on the snow made it look like millions of diamonds were embedded in its surface, and I was glad I remembered my shades this time. The air was crisp and cold, as it should be, but we were all cozy in our ski bibs, mittens and boots.

When we arrived at the slopes, Tanya and I went in the direction of the beginner hills, while the others made their way to the more difficult side of the mountain. Riding the lift was probably the most fun. We could see where people had lost gloves, hats, scarves, and poles during their ride to the top. And it gave us the opportunity to talk.

We talked about everything. Our upbringing, siblings, parents, past relationships and experiences. And our abilities on the hill were about equal.

Toward the end of the day, I was relieved to discover that, like me, she wasn’t interested in a long-term relationship. That she was very content to have her space at home without having to answer to anyone but herself. This was my kind of woman.

When I reached the bottom, I looked up the hill in time to see her sliding down the lower part of the hill on her stomach with her left ski preceding her by about 20 feet. It was a sight to see for sure.

Hiding my mirth, I ran up to her and asked if she was okay.

"Yeah," she said an embarrassed and disgusted look on her face. "I don’t know what happened... all of a sudden my skis came out from under me, and trying to keep my balance, I heard something snap, then landed on my face."

I retrieved her ski, and attempted to help her stand. I got her to her feet in time for her to fall again. Her "Ouch" exclamation told me something wasn’t quite right. After I helped her remove her remaining ski and taking mine off, I put her arm around my shoulder, put mine around her waist, and carried our skis toward the lodge while she hopped on one foot beside me. Thankfully, another skier saw our predicament and came to help. He carried the skis and I lifted Tanya into my arms for the remaining jaunt, all the while she complained she was too heavy for me to carry like that.

I said, "Don’t be ridiculous. You don’t weigh anything." Which was true. I bore her weight with very little effort. "Besides, it makes me feel good to rescue a damsel in distress," I said with a smile.

She smiled and turned beet red, but snuggled closer to my chest.

I sat her at a table and propped her left foot on my lap to remove her boot. It was a difficult task, because her ankle had already started swelling. I gently set her foot on the chair as I went to get an ice pack and two cups of hot chocolate. I set the beverages on the table and put her foot back in my lap, where I took her sock off. Her ankle was swelling nicely and was turning a deep purple.

"Excuse me, but can I help? I saw you get the ice pack and wondered if you needed help. I’m the medic for the lodge." He was nice looking, somewhat tall and thin. The way a ski medic should look.

He looked at Tanya’s ankle, turning it from side to side, moving her toes, and feeling around on her arch. He asked what happened, and she told him. "I don’t think it’s broken," he said. "Could be sprained, but most likely it’s just a strain. And I’ll bet it hurts like hell."

"Yes, it does," she said. "What should I do about it?"

"Exactly what you’re doing," he suggested. "Keep the ice on it, and take ibuprofen for the pain and to keep the swelling down... oh, and try to keep it elevated."

"I’ll make sure she does," I said. "Thank you very much." He walked away and I looked at Tanya, "I’ll be right back. I think I have some Motrin in the truck."

When I went back in, Tanya was sitting dejectedly at the table. "Here, take a couple of these. It should help," I told her and handed her the bottle.

I sat back down and put her foot back in my lap.

"I feel so stupid! I’ve ruined this whole weekend!" she said, as her eyes watered.

I wanted to make her feel better, but didn’t know what to say. So I came up with, "To tell you the truth, I was ready for a break. I just didn’t want you to think I was a wuss by asking you to stop and join me for cocoa."

"But now I can’t go dancing with you guys tonight!" she whined.

"I didn’t want to go anyway. Maybe we could just stay at the cabin and play cards or something," I suggested.

"You don’t have to stay and babysit me."

"Who says I’m babysitting?" I asked. "Ask the girls, I’m usually the one who sits like a bump on a log while they dance. So, actually, you’re doing me a favor."

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"Of course I am!" I said.

We were drinking our hot chocolate when Brandi and Nicole walked in, followed shortly by Renee and Lenore. All four of them crowded around us to ask what happened. As the story was retold, it was Brandi who looked at me and said, "You’d do anything to get out of going dancing with us, wouldn’t you?" She smiled, then the rest of us burst into hysterical laughter.

I looked at Tanya and said, "See, I told you."

We all sat and drank hot chocolate, then decided everyone had enough skiing for one day and headed back to the cabin.

The girls showered and readied themselves for a night on the town, as I made sure Tanya was comfortable. It wasn’t until after they left, that I discovered we forgot to stop and pick up dinner for us. Thankfully, we brought some staples with us for the weekend, and I was able to put together a nice little meal for the two of us. We had chilled wine, cheese & crackers, and some fruit consisting of grapes and strawberries.

"It’s not much," I informed her, "but at least we won’t starve."

"This is wonderful!" she said. "I wouldn’t want anything else."

"I hope you’re not just saying that," I said.

"Of course not! I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it," she said sweetly.

I made her comfortable on the floor in front of the fireplace as I made a roaring fire, then lounged beside her, munching on the makeshift fare. We lay on our sides, facing each other, when she leaned over and kissed me. Nothing passionate, just a friendly kiss.

"What was that for?" I asked.

"You’re just so thoughtful, I felt like giving you a thank you kiss," she said. "I hope you don’t mind?"

"No, not at all," I said embarrassed that she might have taken it the wrong way. "I kinda liked it. I don’t get many ‘thank you’ kisses." We both laughed.

"Um, I’ve got a problem..." she started, then looked down at her swollen ankle.

"What’s that?" I asked.

"I don’t know how to say this, but I’ve got to go to the bathroom, and I don’t think I can do it without assistance."

I jumped up quickly and said, "that’s what I’m here for! You helped me get out of dancing, and I’m here to help you go to the bathroom!" We both laughed. I reached my hand down to help her up, then bent to pick her up.

"Oh no.. you’re not carrying me again," she said. "Just let me hold onto you, and I can hobble to the bathroom."

"It’s no trouble... really," I said. "Besides, how bad do you have to go? Because at this speed, it’s going to take awhile."

"You’ve got a point there," she reasoned, and stopped to let me lift her.

When we reached our destination, I set her down and asked, "can you manage from here?"

She was already unbuttoning her jeans hastily, "I think I can. If I can get these down in time." We both laughed. She was so easy to laugh with, it amazed me. And I walked out of the room.

When she was finished she asked, "can you do me a huge favor?"

"Sure, what?"

"Can you get into my bag and get my nightshirt? I think it would be easier and more comfortable than these jeans."

I retrieved the garment and delivered it to her on the throne. "I’ll be out here when you’re ready," I said.

"Okay, thanks," she said. A few minutes later she said, "Whew! I’m finally ready."

I went back inside and lifted her again to take her back to the pallets in front of the fireplace. Then went back to put her clothes away so they wouldn’t wrinkle, and I noticed her underthings were with the pile of clothes. All kinds of thoughts invaded my mind. "Don’t be silly," I reasoned with myself. "It’s just easier to facilitate bodily functions without these on."

When I returned to her, I had also changed into sleeping attire, carrying more Motrin, and lay back down in my spot. She took the pills and thanked me.

We lay there face to face, in silence until I leaned over to give her a ‘thank you’ kiss.

"To coin a phrase, what was that for?" She asked.

"I just wanted to thank you for letting me take care of you," I said. "And for trusting that I won’t ravage you."

"Who says I don’t want you to?" She said slyly.

Surely, she was teasing me. Or was she? "There’s only one way to find out," I told myself. I leaned forward and kissed her again, this time it wasn’t just a friendly kiss. It was a little deeper.

Our lips pressed together and her tongue reached out to open mine lips and began probing inside my mouth. Her hand came up behind my head as her body pressed me onto my back. We were kissing and fondling each other passionately. We rolled back and forth, until she pinned me under her. She braced herself on her hands and looked into my eyes. I saw the need and desire in her eyes as she looked at me. She dipped her head to kiss me again, and let her lips trail down my neck. Her hands had already pulled the shirt of my pajamas up over my breasts exposing them to her hot mouth. She began sucking my nipples... first one, and then the other. My hands caressed the back of her head, as I moaned in absolute pleasure. She took one nipple in her mouth and began sucking and nibbling, while she caressed the other with her hand, rolling the nipple between her fingers, then massaged the whole breast. She lifted her head with my nipple still between her teeth, and pulled it away from my chest. Not too hard, but with an intensity that sent me flying. She then let it free to bounce back, then sucked it back in her mouth, tonguing and nibbling until it felt like I was going to float away in my own wetness. Her mouth and hand exchanged places, and sent me floating on yet another wave of ecstasy.

While sucking my breast, she slid her hand down my abdomen into my pajama pants and between the folds of my labia. Her fingers became instantly wet and slippery from the wetness she generated in me. She teased my womanhood with a quick dart inside, only to pull her hand out. She grasped the waist of my pants and slid her hand around the band, moving them down around my hips. I lifted my behind to help her, and the oversize garment slid down past my knees. She slid her hand over the skin of my thighs which sent sparks of desire racing through my body. As her fingers reached the top of my thighs, they found my wetness again and began a slow exploration of my womanhood. Gently, she probed my inner being with first one, then two fingers, slowly in and out, making love to me with both her mouth and her fingers. She released my breast from her mouth and began moving down my body, her lips leaving a fiery trail everywhere they touched. When her mouth reached my furry triangle, I spread my legs, opening myself to her, and in so doing was able to rid myself of the pajama bottoms. Her fingers were still caressing my inside, as her mouth found my hardened clitoris.

"Damn, baby, you are soaked!" she mumbled into my pussy. "And I like it!"

I couldn’t speak, no words would come, and all I could utter was a moan.

I caressed her hair as she licked and sucked and slurped my juices. I moved my hips in rhythm with her tongue as she was quickly bringing me to orgasm. She sensed my impending explosion, and sucked my clit into her mouth with mega force creating a vacuum and holding it while her tongue flicked over me, back and forth and up and down. I pulled her head into me as I bucked my hips.

"Oh God! Oh God! Tanya I’m gonna cum! Oh God.. oh geez.. oh GodohGodohGod... yes! yes! YES! Ohhhhhh," then my voice changed to a raspy demand, "ooooooohhhhhh fuck me! Oh please, fuck me!"

She released my clit from her mouth and drove her fingers deep inside me faster, faster and faster. "Oh yeah, Baby, cum for me.. yeah, that’s it... ooohhh Baby.. ummm, God you feel wonderful!" Her fingers flew in and out of my pussy, and dipped her head to suck on my clit. As my orgasm reached it’s peak, my hips were high in the air and she was giving me all she had to give, fucking me deep and sucking on my clit.

Then it got sensitive. I floated back to the pallet with her fingers still deep within me. Every movement made my body jerk, and I laughed that relieved, stress-free laugh that always follows orgasm. I was thankful she didn’t try to move right away, I enjoyed feeling her inside me as my pussy quivered and contracted around her fingers.

When the contractions slowed, she slowly withdrew her fingers and caressed my clit, which made me jerk, then caressed the inner folds of my lips, seeming to savor the feel of me.

I looked at her and we both smiled. I lifted my arms for her to lay on top of me.

"In a second, OK?" she said. "I love the feel of fresh cum pussy, so soft and wet."

She was sitting up, and stroking me with both hands. I lay there and watched her play. A few minutes later she lay at my side, and I wrapped my arms around her, holding her close to me.

We must have dozed, because the sound of a car door startled me to awareness, and we both jumped. I quickly reached down and lifted the blanket to cover us, quickly scanning the area to make sure none of our clothing was visible, then lay back down, facing Tanya, not touching, and we both pretended to be asleep.

They were obviously tipsy because we heard the drunken "Shhhh’s" and giggles as the entourage made their way to their rooms.
