 PART THREE

I awoke to the sound of rain tapping gently on my bedroom window. My legs and bum felt soaking wet so I looked under my covers to reveal a big round wet patch in the middle of my bed. There was a strong scent of urine to which I have to confess was arousing. It took me a while to get my head round how can this be.

"Oh yes, I remember now. Diana, my new landlady. Oh lord I need to sort myself out and quickly. I'm moving in a couple of days."

I said to myself nervously with a hint of shame.

I decided to get up and as I did I put my hand right in the middle of the dampness. My hand was warm and wet with last nights urine and I don't know for the sake of me why, I smelt my hand.

"My god, that smells sexy."

I said to myself while constantly smelling my hand.

The scent was so arousing I lost myself from reality. I started to lick my hand like a woman possessed. It tasted so good that I put my hand deep into the dampness for more of the same. I was totally lost in this madness of mine. Then I suddenly realized what I was doing. I felt really depraved and frustrated by my actions. But a strange sensation was building up inside me. I felt really kinky in my new found fantasy. I was so aroused I had to see this one out. I then remembered Diana.

"Oh no not again. She's my new landlady. No not Diana please."

I said to myself very unconvincingly and not really meaning it.

All I could see was Diana smiling at me. Even when my eyes were open.

"I love you, I love you so much Diana."

I whispered to myself as if she was really there.

My arousal was so strong the butterflies were out in force knotting up my stomach like crazy and my pussy was tingling like mad. I turned over to my front and started grinding my pussy in the dampness.

"Oh my god Diana. Diana your so beautiful, I want you so bad. You make me feel so wanted."

I recall saying desperately or words to that affect.

The scent of my urine was now developing another fantasy in my mind.

"That's the smell of Diana's sweet pussy."

I was thinking while still grinding my now so wet pussy.

"Oh my god, how low will i go."

I said with excitement and such anticipation.

I threw off the quilt, grabbed my pillow and wedged it between legs. I slid down the bed so my face was right above the dampness and got myself comfy. I buried my face into the dampness and started frantically licking my urine and cum stains pretending it was Diana's sweet pussy while I was humping my pillow. I was feeling so nice with this kinky fantasy I could visualize Diana's pussy right in front on me.

"Oh sweet Diana."

I yelped out with a high pitched voice as my pussy exploded a massive orgasm that made my whole body spasm.

I felt light headed as I lay on the bed. That last orgasm made me nearly pass out. I was panting for what felt like minutes trying to take in as much oxygen as I could.

When I finally calmed down and got my head together I got up from the bed to freshen up with a shower.

When I had finished getting myself together I said my morning prayers. I didn't ask for any forgiveness for the first time in my life. I asked for understanding. I wasn't turning my back on god but I have been questioning my faith since I first met Diana. It was like I had a school girl crush on her. She certainly put a spell on me so I was now believing it wasn't a curse from god. I started talking to myself in the mirror...

"Why would god do that to somebody? We all live in a open society today. If someone feels love for someone else whether it be same sex or not, surely you can't go to hell for that can you? No, I don't believe god is cruel."

From that moment on I stopped feeling guilty about fantasizing over women and the way I did it. Okay I must admit some of it was kinky but I'm sure I am not alone. I felt like a free woman and I was ready for love. I don't feel like I have been a fool all my life but more of a loyal and trustworthy women. There was only one love for me. Diana. I am never going to reveal my feelings for her, I'm leaving that up to her. I don't want to make a fool of myself. But questions were firing around my mind...

"Does Diana feel the same way? Is it just my imagination? What if she doesn't? Will I be heart broken? She certainly comes across that way or is that just her nature? Oh questions, questions. Whatever will be will be."

PART FOUR

It was the day of moving to my new flat. I was filled with excitement and anxiety. I had just about packed up everything I needed to take with me. I really didn't have a lot to take as I don't own any furniture, just a few suitcases full of clothes and a small flat screen tv. My new flat is self contained and has laundry facilities so that's me very happy. That's all I need as I lead a very simple life.

The landlord turned up as promised to give me my deposit back and to say our goodbyes. I rang for a taxi and the landlord helped me carry my suitcases out and even waited for the taxi to arrive. The taxi was quick and the landlord loaded my suitcases into the boot, then we hugged and said our goodbyes. It was very emotional as I have know the landlord for years. I must admit I did shed a tear and so did he. He was a lovely man and I will miss him dearly. But it's time to move on and start afresh. As one chapter in my life closes another one is about to open.

As I was getting closer to my new flat the butterflies in my stomach were exciting me. I finally arrived and stepped out of the taxi to have a look at my new home. As I was looking I saw Diana through her window and she was waving excitingly at me with the sweetest smile I had ever seen. I waved back with such shyness and a smitten smile I felt my legs turning to jelly. She then came out to greet me as the taxi driver was unloading my suitcases. The way she came out was like she was in a hurry, something like you do when you haven't seen a friend or relative for ages.

"Hi Sarah. How are you love."

She said to me like she hadn't seen me in years.

"Oh fine Diana thanks. A bit stressed out. Well you know how it is when you move."

I replied, not really thinking what i was saying.

Then out of the blue she gave me a hug and said...

"Don't worry now Sarah love. You're here now. Come on, I will give you a hand with your stuff."

I replied with a nervous but exciting okay as we broke of the hug.

"My god that hug felt so nice. If ever I thought Diana put a spell on me, that was it."

I thought to myself as I paid the taxi driver.

I picked up the remaining of my cases and followed in behind Diana. She was dressed like it was in the middle of summer even though it was autumn. Summer plimsolls and shirt with skin tight white leggings that showed off her plump shapely bum like never before. I couldn't take my eyes of her bum especially when she walked up the stairs so sexily her leggins slipped up the crack of her bum.

"My god. What have I done to deserve this beautiful sight."

I was thinking while walking behind her in a trance.

I just wanted to kiss her bum so badly. My pussy was letting me know how turned on I was as I felt so damp. I snapped out of it suddenly when Diana turned around as she walked into my flat and put down my suitcases and spoke...

"Right here we are Sarah. Oh Sarah I hope you don't mind but I always like to make my new tenants feel welcome. I like to do a meal and a few drinks and that for all my tenants so you can get to know each other a bit better. There will only be four of us, the women next door to you and the one upstairs at the top. I only have three tenants so it won't be a crowd. I am making lasagne with salad and garlic bread tonight. So do you fancy it Sarah?"

I looked into her eyes. It was so sweet watching those lost puppy eyes waiting in anticipation for me to answer. How could I or anybody turn those eyes down. She melted my heart. I replied...

"Of course yes. Can't wait. Lasagne is one of my favourites."

"Oh fantastic Sarah. Tell you what, you unpack and settle in. I will tell the other two girls and I will see you downstairs at about ooh eightish. Is that okay Sarah?"

Diana said with such happiness.

"Yeh that's fine with me Diana, looking forward to it."

I also said with such happiness.

She then put her hands on my shoulder and kissed me on the cheek and said...

"See you at eight then."

As she left my flat she turned round as she was closing the door behind her and shrugged her shoulders with a such a contented smile. Her eyes not leaving my eyes until the door was shut.

"My god. My god is she for real. Oh my god she has put such a spell on me."

I was saying in my mind as i was reflecting back to the gentle kiss, those lovely puppy eyes and the beautiful sight of her leggings up the crack of her bum.

Everything felt like it was happening to quickly. I just stood there feeling so warm inside and in love like never before.

I will tell you what I think about Diana. She comes across as an confident woman with a touch of dominance. She is so beautiful and sexy and I think she knows it. Nothing wrong with that, in fact I find that such a turn on.

I was feeling so aroused as to what just happened I wanted to relief myself there and then. But I had my unpacking to do, and I have only just moved in. As much as I wanted to relief myself I didn't want to go to dinner knowing that I have been thinking about Diana in a sexual way. Okay I know I have thought about Diana before I moved in, but I am her tenant now and she lives below me. I guess I was feeling guilty about it. Normally my guilt excites me more but this time I was in control, or so I thought.

It didn't take me long to get settled in and it was only 4.15pm so I connected my tv to the aerial, made a cup of tea and watched a bit of telly. I had such a feeling of content because I loved my new flat. I wasn't missing my old flat at all. There was nothing catching my attention on the telly so i decided to lie down and get forty winks as I was a bit tired. I set my alarm for 7.00pm and dozed off.

As the alarm was beeping it's head off I got up and disabled it. I was feeling so refreshed after my little sleep. I organized some clothes for tonight but I wasn't sure what to wear.

"Should I wear something conservative or that black skirt i have that is quite short?"

I was murmuring to myself.

I wanted to make the right impression for Diana and not sell myself cheap. I must admit that I do have nice smooth legs without sounding to vain. I think that is my best feature but as a good christian girl I have never really revealed them.

"Oh sod it. I am going to wear that short black skirt with black stockings and shiny blue shirt. Done. Now time for a quick shower."

I said to myself with such assurance.

I removed my underwear and stepped into the nice warm shower. The water running down me felt so refreshing it made me feel nice. I started to apply shower gel to my body and I started to think about Diana.

"Oh no not again, please not now."

I said with a tone of worry.

I just couldn't resist it. I was naked and rubbing gel onto my body. As I was rubbing it over my breast the sensation was fantastic. I imagined Diana was doing it to me. I was so engrossed in this fantasy not a hint of guilt was anywhere to be found. My nipples felt like bullets as I was gently massaging them. I was on the verge of a beautiful orgasm or two here. I wanted to cum so bad it was time to pay attention to my aching pussy. I put some gel into my hand and started gently rubbing over my pussy.

"Oh my god that's so fucking nice."

I said with a whisper.

The cold sensation of the gel was mind blowingly beautiful. I started rubbing faster and sure enough i exploded.

"Oh fuck fuck fuck."

I squealed quietly out as I had a wonderful orgasm. Followed by another one as I was still gently rubbing my pussy. I didn't want this to stop. I could have gone on to a dozen orgasms but as I came for the third time that was to much.

My hands were now supporting me as I had them resting against the shower wall. I just stood there feeling really light headed as the water was still flowing. Believe me I was so out of breath I thought I was going to faint. I eventually calmed down and was back to reality.

Dwelling on what I had just done and who over, I convinced myself it was okay.

"Diana's not going to know about it and you never know she might even like the idea of me thinking about her."

I said to myself in a wishful tone.

All I was worried about now was seeing Diana because I was so in love with her. I don't want myself getting any wrong ideas about her just in case that's the way she is with everybody. I was going to find that out for myself tonight. I had now about 20 minutes to get ready. That's all i need to get dressed, bit of makeup and a dabble of perfume, job done. Now it's time for dinner.