 It was the middle of the hottest summer in recent memory. No breeze could be felt and the air was hot, humid and full of emotion. Carmen sat at her computer, fully naked with her long curvy legs spread wide as if to capture any breeze that might suddenly blow in from the dark night. Her rising temperature could be a result of her latest chat with a cyber friend she had recently come in contact with. Carmen was 35 and divorced and had been having fantasies about being with another woman. Of course, only fantasies so far had been entertained, but tonight, Carmen found herself really truly wishing that she could live out one of these fantasies, if not more. Thus, her visit to a BiFem chat room. She felt safe in joining a chat under this discription because it still left the door open for her to tell herself that she was not a lesbian, but merely curious. Carmen had, from the very first, felt so very welcome in the chat room and found the women to be so helpful and kind. This is where Carmen had met a woman who actually only lived 15 minutes from her own home. 

Kate was 40, but had the heart and playfulness of a 25 year old. She seemed to be the life of the chat room and Carmen loved chatting with her. 

It was on Carmen's third visit to the chat room that Kate private messaged her asking if she wanted to talk private for a few minutes? 

Carmen was surprised and also excited because she felt some sort of connection with Kate. After she got into the private room with Kate, Carmen typed out the usual hello and how are ya and anxiously awaited Kate's response. What came across Carmen's screen shocked her and nearly took her breath away.

There in black and white read, "Hey cutie pie, since we live so close to each other, how about I come over and bring something cool to drink?"

Carmen sat and stared at the screen while her heart sounded like a big bass drum pounding inside her chest. She then hurredly typed back to Kate and told her it was an excellant idea! Nervously, Carmen typed out directions and her address and then thought, "What am I doing? This is a stranger and I've just given her my address and she's going to be here in an hour." 

Kate then typed that she needed to shower and she would stop and get some cool drinks and be on her way.

Carmen got up from her computer and went into her bedroom to grab some clean shorts and a top and then made her way to the shower to freshen up. She had no idea what to expect when Kate got there, but she did know that she wanted a cool shower to help her relax and to help her cool off.

Carmen was just finishing dressing when she heard knocking at her front door. "Damn, she's early," thought Carmen as she hurried too quickly to the front door, knocking over the magazine stand after she ran into it. 

Getting to the door, Carmen's heart was one big beat.... no pauses in between. She hadn't even seen a picture of what Kate looked like and there could be an ogre on the other side of this door. 

But, Carmen opened the door and gushed a much too loudly "Hi Kate!" Carmen held her hand over her chest and told Kate that she was so nervous and usually is under more control than this and not nearly so scatterbrained acting.

Kate just laughed and held out her hand and said,"Hi Carmen, It's great seeing you in person and don't you worry about being nervous, I am too!"

Then both women laughed in a more relaxing manner and Kate walked into the living room while Carmen closed the door. Huge butterflies doing nose dives in her stomach.

Kate was a very pretty woman. Carmen tried carrying on conversation all the while looking Kate over and thinking, "she doesn't look like a lesbian."

Kate had natural blonde hair with a few odd strands of gray. Her smile was one that would light up a room and her laugh was so relaxed and it made you feel as if you've known this person for a lifetime already. She was average height and weight, but her breasts were so full and Carmen could see the outline of her nipples as they pressed against the cotton material of Kate's snug tank top. Her legs were muscled and tan and had that look of someone who exercised alot.

Carmen was relieved to find that Kate was someone she thought she could be friends with, not only in cyber world, but in the real world as well.

The women took their sodas and went out to the back patio. They discovered they had alot in common and even knew some of the same people. Carmen had relaxed now and was enjoying herself and Kate seemed to be having a good time as well. 

Just as Carmen was taking a big drink of her Coke, Kate asked, "Carmen, what is your hottest fantasy you have involving you and another woman?"

Well Carmen nearly spewed her soda and immediatley turned red as a tomato. Thank goodness it was darker out here and Kate might not notice as much.

Carmen stuttered a bit and got all nervous and finally said, "Damn, you don't beat around the bush, do you?" 

Kate laughed and reached over and placed her hand on Carmen's forearm and told her not to worry.

"You can think about it and tell me next time." Kate winked and said in a low, sexy, seductive voice. 

Carmen was so self conscious right at this moment and still felt the heat of her blush in her cheeks, but she felt something else also. 

When Kate placed her hand on her arm, Carmen found that her heart did it's heart attack imitation all over.

Carmen looked up and discovered Kate just gazing at her and looking so pretty in the moonlight. Carmen was really out of her league now. She felt like she was floundering as she didn't have a clue on what she should do or say at this moment. So, she kept still and finally Kate spoke softly,

"Carmen, we've talked for hours in the chat room and e-mailed back and forth and I feel as if I already know your inner most feelings and thoughts and even your fears. The way you are feeling right now is perfectly normal. I didn't come over here to jump your bones or to make you feel uncomfortable. I just want to spend time with you in person and maybe down the road, help you with your curiosity that seems to be consuming you lately."

Carmen laughed at the last statement and began to relax a bit as she laughed. 

"Hey, I almost forgot, I brought a video with me if you want to watch it?" Kate said as Carmen was waving away an annoying mosquito.

"That would be great and we could go in, away from all these killer mosquitos." Carmen said as she was already getting up out of her chair. 

Both women began walking into the house and Kate began telling Carmen about the movie she had brought. "It's called, "Claire of the Moon" and it's probably one of my most favorite movies. Have you seen it?"

Carmen told Kate that she hadn't even heard of it. Kate just smiled to herself. 

Kate sat on the couch and Carmen started walking over across the room to the recliner when Kate patted the couch cushion beside her and said, "Come over here and sit by me. I won't bite!" 

Carmen just chuckled as she walked to the couch and sat down. The movie began and Carmen thought to herself, "This is great! I'm sitting beside Kate and watching a movie, even though I'm so nervous, I'm sure I won't be able to concentrate on it. But, I like having Kate here and I am feeling those tingles just the way I do when I'm in the chat room with Kate."

The movie progressed and Carmen found herself getting turned on. She had seen porn videos with two women making out, but this movie was different. It was more like real life and Carmen liked it........she liked it alot. Towards the end of the movie, there was a steamy sex scene and Kate heard Carmen's breathing get a little more pronounced and a bit more rapid. Kate just smiled to herself once again because she had selected this movie in hopes that Carmen would be turned on by it. It seemed to be working.


Kate reached her arm up and put it up and around Carmen's shoulders. "Does this make you uncomfortable?" Kate softly asked Carmen.

Well, Carmen sure didn't mind and told Kate that she was very comfortable. 

As the scene advanced and got even more steamy, Kate pulled Carmen a little closer. Carmen didn't resist and actually was able to relax a little more. Just as Carmen found herself thinking she wished the movie would last forever, the credits began rolling by on the screen. 

As Carmen was thinking about what she should say about the movie, Kate gently and softly reached up with her fingers and held Carmen's chin. She then leaned into Carmen and their lips slowly met in one tender brief kiss.

Kate pulled back a bit and still held her fingers around Carmen's chin and cheek while saying, "I'm sorry, but I've been wanting to do that through the whole movie and just couldn't help myself." 

It was Carmen who then leaned into Kate and their warm soft lips met once again, only this time it was a longer, passionate, sensual kiss. Carmen couldn't believe how she was feeling right now. She was elated and surprised and afraid and so many more things. But, she was going with the feeling and not giving in to her fears. 

Kate then broke the embrace and stood up. "I need to get going. Wheww....where did you learn to kiss like that, girl?" 

"Ohhh don't go yet. I'm enjoying this, Kate." Carmen said as she too stood up.

"Sweetheart, if I don't go now, I'll still be here come morning and you're not ready yet. I don't want to rush you. I want you to think about how you feel tonight and think about if this is really something you want to try and if it is and you are all decided, then we will do it when the time is right. Not before. I want your first experience with another woman to be one so special it will be beyond your wildest fantasies. I want you to know and to feel and to be totally at ease with everything." 

Carmen walked over to Kate and held her arms out and they both hugged, all the while Carmen softly thanked Kate and asked when she was coming back?

That night after Kate went home, Carmen's mind was like a Kansas tornado. It was going in so many directions and picking up fragments of one conversation and dropping them off over memories and thoughts of those two kisses. It was like an overload. Carmen could not believe how energized she was feeling and how excited she felt. She was already looking forward to the next night when Kate planned to come over again. 

Kate continued to come over and the two women cooked meals together, watched more great lesbian movies, drank some wine and talked about everything under the sun. It was a good time for them both. Every night, Carmen hoped and hoped that this would be the night that Kate would do more than just kiss her, but alas, each night, Carmen got one and maybe two kisses and nothing more. Kate was being very considerate, but Carmen knew she was ready now and wanted more. She wanted to delve into the world that she had been dreaming of and the world that had consumed her thoughts and desires. Carmen wanted to make love to Kate so badly, that it hurt. Well, not really, but if Carmen thought she was all consumed before, she really was now. She was ready to take things to the next level. 

After spending every evening together for two weeks straight, Kate asked Carmen if she would like to go on a little weekend trip that coming weekend? "I have a small house at the Lake and it's only an hour away. I would love to take you there and spend an entire weekend with you." Kate answered immediately that she would love it. So plans were made to drive up on Friday afternoon. 

When Friday finally arrived, Carmen thought she would burst from excitement and anticipation. She took off work that day, because she knew it would be pointless to try and concentrate on business matters. Kate also had taken the day off, but for preparations. She had gotten up early and driven to the lake house and aired it out and cleaned it really well. Also she had taken some supplies to make Carmen's first experience and memorable one. Kate also put some wine in the fridge and some cheese and various other supplies. When everything looked great, Kate locked up the house and drove back to pick up Carmen.

Carmen and Kate talked and laughed and had a good time on the drive to the lake. Carmen was surprised at the relaxed feeling she had. Kate also found herself anticipating the evening. She found Carmen to be very sexy and enticing, with the fact thrown in that she had never been with a woman before, only made it hotter. Kate loved guiding women into the explosive world of women loving women. It turned her on to see the amazement and surprise and fulfillment.

As Kate's SUV pulled into the gravel driveway of the lakeside cottage, it looked like a picture in a magazine. The sun was setting over the lake and the water had gentle ripples going side to side. The sounds of the birds were softening for the evening and dotting the distant shoreline were lights coming on. It was truly going to be a magical night and weekend.

Kate unlocked the wooden door and then held it open wide and motioned Carmen to go on in. Carmen was amazed at the cottage. It was wonderful and decorated in such a unique and comfortable way.

"Oh Kate, I love it here! This is a fantastic place to come to get away from the world." 

The women set their bags down and walked into the living room and Kate gave Carmen and nice tight hug which seemed to last forever. She then lightly brushed her lips alongside of Carmen's neck and then kissed her trail. Carmen let out a small moan and said,

"Do you have any idea what you are doing to me?" 

Kate just smiled and said, "I hope so!" 

Kate released her embrace and they decided to go for a swim. It was dark now and Kate's property was in a cove and very secluded and private.

"Let's skinny dip under the moonlight." Carmen suggested. 

So, the two ran down the dock and at the boat house, they stripped down and giggled all the while and when the last piece of clothing was thrown to the side, both women found themselves admiring the other's body.

"Wow!" Carmen said, losing her train of thought, leaving her standing there.

Kate took a couple of steps over to Carmen and once again put her tanned arms around the awe struck woman and pulled her close. The feeling of their warm skin and the sensation of hardening nipples pressed together was boggling to Carmen. She loved the way Kate's body felt pressed so tightly and close to her own. Carmen actually found herself running her hands all over Kate's back and down to her curved and voluptious bottom. Carmen pulled Kate even closer and at what seemed the exact same second, they both turned and began to kiss. Carmen and Kate had kissed quite a bit so far since meeting, but this kiss was all different. It was filled with passion and the heat of desire...mixed with emotion and blended with tenderness.

Carmen thought her legs would surely buckle but there was no way she was pulling away. This was what she had been fantasizing about for months now and oh my God, it was already far beyond any of her fantasies. 

Kate's hands came out and around and pushed Carmen back just a bit so she could cup Carmen's breasts. The nipples were protruding and were hard with excitement.

As Kate was massaging them and tweaking the nipples, Carmen was moaning and thought she would cum on the spot. 

Kate, then placed her hot wet lips over one of Carmen's nipples and kept massaging and rubbing the other. She sucked at it and twirled her excited tongue over the nipple slightly then teased it some more till she heard a moan from Carmen. Kate kept at this, alternating between breasts for quite some time. 

Kate's right hand began sliding downward from Carmen's breasts and started it's descent down slowly over her stomach and down a little further to curly tufts of hair and just then, both women jumped in surprise. 

The sound of an outboard motor broke their solitude and brought them back to reality. Kate realized that the boat was close and coming closer.

Both Carmen and Kate laughed and hurredly grabbed clothes from the boat house floor and scampered up the dock to the cottage. 

As they stumbled into the house laughing and carrying on, they both realized what had been interrupted.

Carmen put her arms around Kate this time and proceeded to kiss her with a fury. Their warm wet tongues were entertwined and hands were groping and moving and exploring. 

Carmen felt her juices flowing and knew this was what she wanted, without a doubt. 

Kate, once again began snaking her hand downward to the top of Carmen's bush. It was so soft and inviting and Kate knew she didn't want to rush things with Carmen, but she also knew that this was asking more than she could do. 

Kate wanted so badly to just slide down to her knees and flick her pink tongue all over Carmen's clit and then slowly run it down to her slit and slip it inside to taste her creamy juices and then back up. She wanted to pull Carmen's clit between her lips and suck it lightly and nibble on it and feel the passion juice as she brought her to the edge. But, she wanted to romance Carmen also, and this was more important.

Kate wanted Carmen to feel special tonight. After all, they could have raw, lusty, down and dirty, hot sex tomorrow!

Kate had stocked the shower with all kinds of body washes and oils and such but it seemed taking time out for a shower was not going to happen. Kate had thought maybe Carmen would be nervous and the shower together would help loosen her up a bit, but Carmen seemed to be warming up and doing just fine! 

The heat and sexual electricity of their kissing began to make both women feel weak in the knees. Kate gently, but forcefully, pushed Carmen backwards all the while never parting lips.

When Carmen bumped into the kitchen table, Kate guided her atop of it. Carmen relaxed even more and they began kissing in such a deep and lusty manner. 

The cottage was silent but for the sounds of heavy breathing and moaning. It was a powerfully charged atmosphere.

Kate let her hand glide back down to Carmen's short trimmed hairline and then with only her middle finger, she dipped it down even further to Carmen's lusciously wet clit. 

"Oh my God, you're so fucking wet!" Kate said between kisses. 

Carmen was moaning and writhing around on that table and her breaths were unbelievable. She had never been so sexually excited and turned on before. She didn't even know it was possible to feel like this. 

Kate applied tender, yet firm pressure on Carmen's clit and rubbed it all over in the juices that seemed to be accumulating. Then, with Kate's forefinger and middle finger, she slid them down slowly till she came to the source of the juices. 

Carmen's pussy seemed to be gushing in creamy excited love juices. Kate didn't slide her fingers inside of Carmen's pussy as she wanted, but teasingly carressed all around it and over it and then back up again.

The kissing at this point was voracious. It was beyond passion, and lust even did not describe it. It was animalistic.

Carmen, between kisses, moaned and said, " Fuck me Kate.....put your fingers inside me....please, I can't stand it...........I need you now........oh my God...........fuck me!" 

Kate pulled her lips from Carmen's and raised up and said as she took Carmen's hand, "Come on pretty lady, come with me. Follow me to erotic paradise, where your wishes are my command." 

As they came to the bedroom, Carmen noticed that the door was closed. Kate asked her to stay out for just a couple of seconds as she slipped inside and lit candles. Turning off the harsh overhead light , she then opened the door and held her arms out to Carmen.

Carmen was in true and undisputed awe when she saw the room. Candles were lit all over, rose petals were sprinkled all over the bed, soft music was playing in the background and beside the bed was a bottle of wine and two glasses. 
