 I watched as the lonely Beamer quietly rolled off to town. Damn! I had this night planned down to a T:

1. Hire Cheryl my faithful sitter for the night.

2. Go to a nice dinner.

3. Make a meal out of the apt but clueless Michael Lipton.

Goddamn it I'm horny tonight. Why in the hell did he have to work this night! It's late for Christ's sake. I'm an attractive divorcee and find so little interested parties that's interested in a horny single mother no matter how attractive. Muttering to myself as I opened the front door. I aimlessly threw my keys at the candy dish / throw-all receptacle in the front hallway. That's right it misses; well that sums up tonight. I cuss at the mess as I bend over to pick up the keys.

I heard a gasp from my front room. I walk around the front foyer into the front room to find two scared college girls sitting in my front room. Cheryl I am ready for but who is this with her. A short pretty coed has come to her aid for the night. Cheryl let's out her breath as she sees me enter. "Mrs. Betcher its you thank god,.... you're back already?!"

"Yes hon I'm so sorry this night was cut short. I know you had a nights worth of babysitting money looking at you but he had to work," with a disgusted sigh I add, "my nights shot." 

I looked at her soft brown hair, parted back into a ponytail, someone knuckled down for a night of studying. I look at her and smile to her friend with her. Her friend smiled back a sexy smile under her round coed locks. I see her smiling face between her short blond little Dutch-girl hair cut her cheeks framed by the locks as they curl inwardly towards her gentle chin.

"Oh sorry this is Gwen she's in my class at school. Gwen, Mrs. Betcher."

The girl stood up and my she was a short one. "Carole Gwen, I don't know why Cheryl insists on being so formal. She makes me out to be so old. I'm only 27 Cheryl."

She giggled back at me, "Glad to meet you Carole, I know how Cheryl is, she's always that way. I told her she'll never get any guys at school being so formal. I've got sisters your age don't worry." Her dainty hands were warm and sincere in her handshake. There was no sign of polish on her nails. "I enjoy my sisters a lot they don't treat me like I'm a kid anymore and they help me out a lot."

Cheryl blushed at her and frowned, I was guessing she was registering that her night of babysitting was over, and hence her money for the night. I smiled back at her. "Don't worry Cheryl, I'm still going to pay you for the night. Its not your fault my night was cut short." Her face beamed at my proposal as I realized she needed some money for school and I wasn't one to cut her short because I got cut short.

"Well shoot, Gwen let's go I guess. I don't think studying will be in the cards tonight. Too busy at home and the library's closed by now. Besides I don't want to study this dirty stuff at the library anyway."

"Dirty stuff? What's dirty about college silly?" I nudged her playfully.

"Oh Mrs. Bet.. I mean Carole, its biology stuff.... part of my sex ed class. We were studying abnormalities in anatomical differences. Gwen was showing me hers!?" She laughed immaturely and turned red. I confusingly looked at Gwen who was also turning a pink shade. "Go on Gwen show her... hee hee!"

It was Gwen's turn to get embarrassed as she laughed back at her. "C'mon Cheryl. I tell you something in secret and you blab it out!"

"Oh Gwen come on show her its not like you have to show a third boob or something! Come on, show her!"

I saw Cheryl smile and laugh. "Look Carole.. Look!" I looked quickly back at Gwen who was standing there expectantly. I looked at her body... what a third nipple or something? I looked up and saw something amazing her tongue was touching the middle of her nose tip! "Hee hee isn't that funny it's huge!" bellowed Cheryl.

Gwen's tongue quickly retracted as she turned even a darker shade of red. "Cheryl cut it out!" she pleaded back. "I told you my family teases me about it all the time. My sister say's I use it to clean my nose out... like I'd really dome something that gross!"

Laughingly I say, "Oh my gosh Gwen will you marry me?! I wish my ex had been so gifted!"

Both girls giggled at that suggestion, revealing just how much high school maturity was still engrained in them. They were giggling incessantly gathering up the notes and college textbooks they had been studying in before my arrival. "Yeah Gwen when's the big date?" Gwen got a little embarrassed at the attention; it was something she wasn't comfortable being kidded about ,but she took it in stride. She lightly punched at Cheryl as she put away her last book in her green backpack. Both were packed as I dug into my purse.

I handed Cheryl the money I had allotted for her in my purse and added a little more. "Why don't you and Gwen stop off on the way home and get a nice hot pizza."

She got a smile on her face and took the money. "Thank you so much Mrs... Carole. Gwen why don't you take the pizza money I'm not very hungry and I guess I should get home. I was going to get up early and go the library, why don't we meet there at ten. We can find out more abnormalities you have then." She broke out in a laugh that again made Gwen blush.

Gwen handled the money in deep thought. "I can't eat a whole pizza by myself! You gotta help me some!"

Having missed my dinner a feeling a night hunger pain overtake me. I suggested, "Well I'll help you Gwen you call it in and we can have it delivered. I got stiffed on dinner tonight and my appetite's intact."

"Well good girls do just that and I'll make my way home." She just lived up the street and it was a safe walk home on a cool autumn night. "Besides you two have wedding plans to work on tonight." Cheryl gave a huge guffaw at her suggestion and I could see Gwen mockingly roll her eyes upward. She opened the door and smiled as she departed, "Just tell me where the honeymoon will be!" She turned to Gwen. "Ten at the library." Gwen grinned and nodded as Cheryl started out the door.

As the door closed on her self imposed laughter Gwen sighed. "God I'm glad I never showed her my tongue like that when we were in high school, I never would have heard the end of it!" She sighed again, "Ok Carole what do you want on the pizza."

My memory clicked as I responded, "Tell you what Gwen, I have a frozen pizza why don't we just share that and you can keep the money. Let's go to the kitchen."

She stuffed the money into her shorts pocket, following me along, guess she could use the funds too. I handed her the frozen box from the freezer. "Ok here it is, tell me the instructions."

She held the package studying it, "Ok, preheat to 450, put in middle rack." 

I turned the dial and opened my cabinet, found a cookie sheet and laid it out on the counter. "Well lets go to the living room while we are waiting for the oven to pre-heat."

She followed me as we went to the front room and sat down on the couch. I laid down as she sat at the other end her wrist resting on the arm. She seemed aloof as she sat there watching me stretch out.

"What happened tonight Carole? Me and Cheryl had a night planned out to get the biology studied."

"Well Gwen I'm sorry I screwed up your plans and all. I had a hot plans on this date myself. I could just kill him! You're gonna catch up tomorrow at the library anyway aren't you?"

"It's not just the studies Carole.... well he kind of screwed up some plans of my own Carole, to tell ya the truth." She looked around and quietly tiptoed over to my son's room peeking at him with the door slightly ajar. She tried to keep just enough light to enter the room to spy on the sleeping child. Satisfied that he was fast asleep she returned to the couch. "We really didn't have that much studying anyway. The tongue trick was a little more than just to amuse her." She looked at me seriously to see if the meaning was sinking in on me. "Cheryl....geeze she's so clueless!"

I sat there kind of slow myself and then the light bulb went off. "Oh Gwen you were trying to seduce her? Are you ....?" I paused at my suggesting not wanting to cause her embarrassment.

She turned a bright red. "Oh no.. no ... no.. nothing like that. I just wanted to see if this tongue was indeed all it's cracked up to be. Maybe it was a good thing you did come home. I might have caused something bad had I tried anything else. Maybe her ignorance was a good thing. I mean I'm not a lesbo or anything, I just wanted to experiment. You know, what does it feel like, taste like, I don't know I guess..."

"Gwen you don't have to explain, I was curious myself once at your age. I know just what you mean."

"You mean you had with girlfriends?"

"No .. no... never happened but I did think about it. Never had the nerve I guess. Got married right out of high school, had little Ed in there and the rest is history. I've tasted myself on occasion since then so some of that mystery has gone." Here I was telling my most private moments to a girl I just met and found myself blushing.

She leaned back in her chair and noticed her yellow top for the first time. On the front was a winking eye telling everyone to 'have a nice day'. I just started to laugh out loud. She looked at me puzzled. "What... are you laughing ..."

"Oh your shirt it caught my eye." She looked at it puzzled. "I should explain, no wait let me show you." I pulled down my white dress and showed her my bra. It matched with a little array of smiley faces all over it.

Her eyes registered surprise, from me dropping my top or the serendipitous occurrence of our themed apparel I'm not sure. "Wow.." she gulped, "we match up. You wanted to have a nice night too." She giggled at herself.

"Wait..." I pulled off my dress, "the thong matches." I laid back down on the couch looking at her. Cheryl may have not taken a hint but I sure wasn't one to. Like I said damn it I was horny and it looked like maybe opportunity was knocking. I was going to have to take a little lead though. 

I spread out suggestively on the couch rubbing myself through the fabric. I could see her eyes bulge and a little look of doubt cross her face. She wasn't quite sure what to do. Well I decided to press on, I pulled the fabric of my thong aside and rubbed my drenched lips. I could feel my shameless exhibition to the young girl presenting its result, I was drenched. Michael had no idea what he was missing out on tonight and I was going to make sure I didn't miss. What a slut I was making of myself to this young ingénue. I decided to close my eyes as I continued playing with myself. Three fingers plunged easily within me as I was very well lubricated. The soft squish of my fingers gently filled the air between us. 

A soft breeze of warm moist breath caught my attention as it brushed my right ankle, my eyes opened.

She was going to kiss me! I held my breath and felt her soft lips gently kiss my calves. Softly holding my calve she looked at me keeping her eyes in contact with mine. I bit my lower lip not wanting to break the spell being woven between us. I looked at her lustfully wanting that first kiss. 

It was soft and gentle on my lower leg so tentative and sweet. I said nothing but she could tell that I was in her spell! We were going to learn what a little girl can do for another an unspoken fantasy so sublimely rooted in both of our psyches. 

I bit my knuckles in anticipation as she trailed her soft kisses upward fairly quickly. Afraid maybe I would come to my senses and make her stop? Not on your life missy I was loving this.

My pulse quickened as she came up an put her hands on my thighs lifting my lower body off of the couch. Lets just see how far this young lady plans on going with this horny fairly new acquaintance. 

Quite a bit more as she kissed my thighs still looking lustfully at me. I keep my eyes glued to her as my top comes undone as I unconsciously release my bra. She doesn't seem to notice the missing top as she comes higher and grabs the side of my thong revealing my trimmed reddish haired bush. I hold my breath, she is going on!

One last quick breath and kiss on my thigh and she is between my legs. Her hands cradle my slight ass a s she kisses my sweltering quim. Lord almighty she's going to do it, her soft mouth kisses my pink lips! There's no turning back now she's loving me a woman she just met tonight!

My message is clear to her as I push myself to her. Her lips and mine mesh as we meet in lustful purpose. I feel her tongue touching my lips slippery and pink as she swipes it up and down. Lust fills up both or our senses even more as I feel her licking up all of my juices. God I must be a mess down there as all of my senses are reeling from the assault. God all I need now is...

" Fuck!" I hiss quietly as she reads my mind. That tongue, fuck it feels good. She has it deep inside me now. Holy fuck it might not be as long as some dicks but god its twice as good! She's tongue fucking me but good! I can't help but respond. She seems to be a natural at it, hitting spots I never imagined. I'm hitting heights I never knew were there.

I watch as she starts to assault me deep. I can see her tongue going back and forth across her dainty mouth as she retracts and then quickly returns with a steely stab. I can feel the thin buds as they brush against my pink moist walls. The tongue feels so soft but also stiff as it continues to assault me pushing with resolve so deep inside me. 

That resolve is met as I see wet juices coating the thin jaw of my aggressor. She seems satisfied as my lustful sources pour out of me. I can't speak as she continues her aggression. Soulfully her actions become quicker as she gets even more into her act. I can't help but respond as I feel her loving mouth shake and quiver on my exposed mound.

The orgasm hit me like a ton of bricks no buildup just a quick explosion of nerves across the whole of my body. My mind is a blank as the feeling of explosion races all throughout my body. I lose myself in the moment of release my breathing in suspension. My next visual is of my stiff nipples as a soft "Shit!" breaks the air. I realize that it's my voice responding to the overwhelming overload of my senses.

My heart races as the feeling of overpowering rush settles down inside of me. I can' speak as my blood pressure must be at a boiling point. I watch her as she comes down on my attack, she is letting me savor my moment of rapture. She doesn't need biology lessons she seems to know what to do very well I think to myself as my senses return. She could teach some lessons to young Cheryl, it's a good thing for me that she didn't respond to her advances. I have this lovely talented lass all to myself! She looks me in the eye and advances upward.

I shudder in submission as she comes up and smiles at me. She gently runs her tongue over my left nipple and smiles at me. She has made me her slave and I shudder at her approach. She might just make me forget men forever and I shudder at the expectation of what she will do next. Her face gets close to me and I raise my chin up expecting a kiss, she fools me and goes down to kiss and lick my right breast letting me feel the heat and sample the aura of my lustful release. I watch in repose as she comes back up to my upturned face.

She comes up and gets close to my face extending that tongue. Oh that tongue, that pink extension of her lust! I tremble with my response. I close my lips across the very tip of it. The flavor of my essence flows across her very taste buds as my mouth feels it being pushed into my loving mouth. My aroma reels my senses as I kiss her lovely mouth , sucking on that lovely invader. I hope my breath is still going as my moment with her is at hand. I feel those taste buds across my lips just as I did just a few blissful moments ago deeply past my swollen labia. This is one talented young lady I wonder if she is has been fooling me about her past experience with another woman.

She swabs the tongue several times inside my mouth as I close my lips around the 'abnormality' as Cheryl teased her about. She knows she has me as I taste my abundant juices just coating her lovely appendage. She stops the gentle kiss and looks me lustfully in the eye. Wordlessly she goes back downward. Gwen my angel of lust is not done with me yet. Can she top herself? What a reversal now as I'm silently thanking the way the night has turned itself around. Michael can keep his work, Gwen is making her work me tonight!

I watch as she silently watches me back. Her hand reaches under my ass as she pulls off my bottom. Goodbye little smiley faces as I am having the best day of my life, my how fortune does change. Her brown eyes burn into mine as she tucks her legs underneath her. This raises my pussy up higher for easier access and allows me to watch as well as feel every moment.

I feel her mouth kissing my open lips with abandonment. I can see the petals of my lips being invaded and squished upon her loving lips and cheeks. Her nose rubs against my rigid clit stiffly pushing the tip back and forth with each quick movement of her loving mouth.

But oh that tongue! She lets it out relentlessly past my slippery lips. I watch as she pushes it back and forth deeper and deeper it seems. I know it has its limitations but it seems to touch my inner most depths with vigor. I can't help myself now as I feel my lust start to respond ever again. She pushes upward with her tongue trying to massage my special spot. Her tongue gets deeper and deeper it seems she just might make me cum all over that pink hot soft muscle. Where does it all go when she pulls it back in her mouth. She is without doubt a marvel.

I look back at the brown eyes looking me deep inside of me. I remain silent hoping she can understand my state of mind as I ride the roller coaster of her lust. The car of the ride is on the rise tripping along each section of rail raising the expectation of how the ride will take me. Push the tongue goes deep quicker and quicker. I feel the sense of anticipation and also dread of how I will react when the rising car will fall off the track and ride its merry way, flying with its release.

Since she no longer is cradling my ass her hands are now free. Her tongue pulls out and she smiles up at me as her hand starts to play with my engorged pink pussy lips. Her fingers enter me as I respond to the double assault. "Yes ..my clit!"  

Her tongue has become a slippery eel so different but sexy as it changes itself. I realize now how adaptable a nice tongue is. It races across my clit as the fingers return to the deep end her tongue held. Unbelievable they can't even get as deep as the remarkable tongue but they can find my swollen spot deep inside of me. She massaged it mercilessly as this orgasm was making a pronounced arrival. 

I feel my breath getting ragged as she makes me feel the quake of the impending orgasm. I can no longer look her in the eye as I close them feeling the ultimate release of another explosion. The fingers that tongue together oh my I cannot concentrate on anything but.

Damn this is strong not quick and over with but something long and drawn out. I'm a quivering mess of nerves as I reach a peak and several low peaks none ever quite letting me recover. Strong orgasmic shocks.

Her tongue and fingers squeezing my hood trapping that stiff clitoris between them the others massaging deep inside me pushing on the other side. Whatever its got me trapped on that other side a valley of sensation overload. Beautiful sensations. It seems like an eternity as my body shook and twitched feeling a stratosphere no drug can replicate. This is a drug I could easily become hooked on. But there is too much I had to return to reality and catch my breath! 

I regretted my return but it had to be. "Oh fuck ... that's enough!" I pleaded breathlessly.
