 Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.

****** 

While taking a shower, Monique had her new pet bathe her and then the two girls returned back to the dorm room. The dark girl had Laura style her hair and then set her clothes out on the bed. "Ok Laura, I want you to help dress me now -- but you can only use your mouth."

At first Laura didn't understand the point of this at all. However, as soon as she picked up the panties with her mouth and knelt down on her hands and knees and tried to get them under Monique's feet; she understood the point all to well. It was impossible to be naked and in such a position, without feeling completely subservient and humbled by the person you were trying to dress. 

Laura struggled to comply, and her roommate was no help at all. Laura suspected that Monique was actually going out of her way to make things difficult, especially, when she made her adjust her panties until they were *just right*. But, with perseverance and the knowledge that punishment was in order if she failed, except for the clasp on the bra, Laura was able to dress the girl without the use of her hands. 

"You've done such a good job following instructions this morning my pet. I'm very proud of you." Monique complemented the blonde as Laura nudged the shoe on with her nose.

"Well Bubbles, it's time for me to help get you ready!" Monique said, as she pulled out a bag from underneath her bed. "Surprise! I bought you a new outfit!" she grinned, opening the bag, to give Laura a peek at the clothing within.

"Come on pet, I'll dress *you* this time. Close your eyes; I want this to be a big surprise!"

Her roommate seemed so genuinely happy, Laura swallowed her pride and closed her eyes, allowing Monique to dress her. 

She stood silently, regretting her decision, as she felt Monique tugging so hard to the zipper of the too tight skirt. The shirt she had put on was just as tight, followed by two of the highest platform shoes, Laura had ever worn, and a choker of some sort. Then Monique began to apply fingernail polish, makeup, and styled her hair, which made Laura tremble inside with glowing gratitude.

"Okay my pet, open your eyes!"

Laura's eyes widened in fear, as she thought, 'Dear God! She can't expect me to wear. . . Is that me?'

The horrified girl looked herself over in the mirror again. Hot pink platform shoes, followed by a hot pink vinyl miniskirt. '*Vinyl*, I've never worn anything so terribly cheap and plastic in my entire life!' Laura shuddered, cringing from the feel of the *fabric* if you could call it that. Next, was a tiny T-shirt that accentuated Laura's small breasts. But, it wasn't so much the shirt that disturbed Laura, as what was on it. It was a Power Puff girl's T-shirt, complete with the blonde Power Puff girl named Bubbles on it. Finally, she had matching pink toenails, fingernails, lipstick, and choker. Capping it off, her hair was pulled into two pigtails, which fanned out into little spikes. 'I look like a ridiculous bimbo!' she thought. Bubbles, the bimbo!'

Meanwhile, Monique had come up behind the distraught girl, reached her arms around Laura's waist and was playing with the hem of her miniskirt. 

"Please..." Laura whined, watching intently as Monique's hand drifted under her skirt and began playing with her sex. "Ahhhh...Please Monique, don't make me wear-ummmmm" a protests turned into a moan, as her roommate pushed her cum covered finger into her mouth.

Laura's eyes glazed over, as Monique began to whisper in her ear, "Such a *sexy* slut. Laurie, look in the mirror at my beautiful pet. Isn't she beautiful baby?" Monique removed her finger from Laura's mouth and drove it back into her cunt. 

"Ahhhh...yes..."Laura moaned.

"And doesn't my pretty pet want to make her Mistress happy?" Monique said, as she tugged on Laura's little nubbin.

"Mmmmm...yes" Laura's thoughts of embarrassment disappeared, all her concentration was now required to remain standing, while Monique's fingers worked their magic on her pussy. 

Monique withdrew her slick ebony fingers from Laura's sex and placed them in front of the blonde's mouth again. Laura inhaled her musky fragrance and then licked the juices with her tongue before sucking the last of the tasty treat from the each finger.

"Good, I'm glad you like it to! Get your book bag *Bubbles* and let's go!" Monique said, playfully spanking Laura's ass.

Laura was dazed and befuddled, but she picked up her bag and left for class. 'I must not look *that* bad if Monique liked it so much,' she rationalized. 

However, on the way to class; it appeared that everyone was staring at her. 'Maybe I *really* look as sexy as Monique said,' she thought.

"Hey Bubbles, I've got MoJo GoGo in my pants! You want to play with him!" A male student snickered at her.

Laura just blushed in humiliation and looked at the ground in front of her feet, so that she didn't fall in her too high platform shoes or have to look at the condescending eyes staring at her. The journey to school was like a gauntlet of humiliation for the poor blonde. It appeared everyone she passed had something to say about her attire.

"Hey look! It's a power puss girl!"

"Don't make her mad or she will hit you with her bimbo ray!"

"Able to fit into clothes four sizes too small in a single bound!"

Worse, during her class, her teacher had slipped up and called her Bubbles, which had everyone rolling in their seats. Tears welled in Laura's eyes, and she got up and ran out into the hall, before they threatened to fall. 

"Laurie! Is that you?!?" 

'God! Who can humiliate me further?' thought Laura as she wiped the tears from her eyes. However, much to her delight it was Goddess Goth, although, she really didn't look like a Goth anymore. "Beth?" she asked.

"Ha ha! We look so different; we almost didn't recognize each another!" Beth laughed, hugging the crying girl. Then she stepped away and spun around. She had on a pair of purple platforms, a pink skirt, some sort of purple bodice and a faux leopard skin coat. 

Nothing matched. 

"What do you think Laura? I was kind of getting tired of the Goth look anyway and decided to go for more of an Ani DeFranco punk look."

"You look beautiful," Laura breathed. This time to her surprise; it was Beth who blushed.

"What about my head?" Beth asked, suddenly serious.

Laura looked at Beth's shaved head and her mind drifted back to the prior night. She remembered Beth kissing her, then getting down on her knees so Latanya would shave her hair, instead of Laura's. Tears came to the pretty blonde's eyes, as her heart glowed with warmth. "It's gorgeous. I think you are the most beautiful girl in the school." Laura said in awe.

"Come on, your turn now! Let me see this new look of yours!" Beth asked. She watched as Laura reluctantly spun around for her, practically preening as she did so. "Mmmm, Laura, you look like such a cutie, I could just eat you up. Matter of fact, I think I will." With that, Beth hugged Laura tightly and the kiss they shared quickly turned passionate. 

Laura was feeling a little uncomfortable standing there in the hall, with Beth playfully nibbling at her lips. The blonde tried to keep her mouth tightly closed. She knew that if she got caught kissing another girl, she could kiss her chances of getting into the sorority good-bye. Then the blonde could feel a hand move up her skirt and begin to caress her bare ass. 'Oh God! Someone will surely come around the corner and catch us!' Laura thought. She wiggled her ass as she struggled to keep her bottom out of this presumptuous girl's reach. Suddenly, she felt Beth's fingers probing at her little brownie, before sneaking inside. When she opened up her mouth to squeal in protest, it was quickly filled by her friend's long probing tongue. Laura's resistance faded and she hung limply in Beth's arms as her passion mounted.

"Does my sweet little Princess want to go to the bathroom?" Beth asked, while gently fucking Laura's ass with her thumb, and adding a finger to her cunt.

"Yes,  please," Laura answered breathlessly. 

"Then, let's go baby. You lead the way." Beth said, keeping her fingers buried deep inside of Laura, she kept behind the poor blonde and steered her toward the women's restroom.

Laura tried to walk as best she could, but found it difficult enough teetering on her platform shoes, much less with a thumb up her ass and a finger in her cunt. Worse, Beth was pulling the blondes ass out and guiding it from side to side in an exaggerated fashion with her every step.

Luckily for Laura, they arrived to the restroom stall without being seen. 'This is getting to be a habit,' Laura thought.

Next, Beth had Laura stand on top of the toilet and then Beth did an amazing thing. She pulled up Laura's skirt, and blew her warm breath on the blonde's sex, lightly caressing it with her tongue. 

Laura was dumbfounded. After all she had been through these last few days and as many girls as she had pleased with her tongue, she had never had the joy of being satisfied orally. "Oh please, Goddess..." she moaned. 

"What does my slut want?" teased the bald girl.

"Please lick my cunt Mistress. Lick my juicy quim."

Beth began to suck and nibble at Laura's exposed sex, until the poor blonde could no longer stand up on the toilet seat. "Sit down slut; I want to see your naked body!" Beth ordered, taking off Laura's clothes as she sat down. As Beth turned around to hang the shirt up on the door hook, she felt Laura raise her skirt over her hips, then press her face between her ass cheeks.

"Ahh...damn! Lick my ass baby! Beth gasped as she felt the blondes tongue penetrate her little rosebud. The feeling of having Laura's tongue probe her nether hole, filled Beth with confidence. "Ewwww...you nasty bitch, you. Your tongue was made for my ass." 

Soon the pleasure grew too much and Beth could no longer stand. She straddled the toilet, facing the wall instead of the door. Her ass pointed back, not quite at the edge of the seat, almost as if she were sitting on a motorbike. "Get down there slut and finish becoming my bitch!" she ordered. Beth originally had planned on giving her lover a cum first before claiming her as a slave, but if Beth had learned nothing last night, she learned she needed to do a better job staying in control of Laura, if she wanted to keep her. 

Laura was eager to please her new friend, although she didn't look forward to getting down on her hands and knees on the dirty tile floor. 'Please God, don't let me get caught like this,' she prayed, as she got down on all fours. Her ass pressed against the door of the stall and her legs stuck out from underneath it. She rested hands on the toilet lid and proceeded to rim Beth's ass again.

"Oh my sweet Laura, work that tongue in there as far as you can stick it, my beautiful slut!" Beth moaned.

Laura licked her friend's ass enthusiastically. She would have done anything at this point to avoid getting caught and just wanted Beth to try to keep it quiet. 

"Mmmmppphhh!" Laura moaned in shock. She was horrified when she felt someone's hand massaging her cunt! 'Oh God, someone's in here!' she thought. However, her body began to betray her as she spread her legs and pushed her ass underneath the door. The hand played with her pussy, poking, prodding, and pulling it, until Laura was dizzy with pleasure. Then to her disappointment it withdrew.

Laura groaned with need, while she kept servicing Beth's asshole. Her body grew weak with desire and she rested her chin in the gap in the toilet seat, as she explored Beth's tight nether channel. Then, to her surprise, she felt the fingers return. Only this time they felt cold and slimy. She looked underneath the door and she could see a cup on the floor beside her legs. When the hand withdrew from her sex, she watched in amazement as it dipped into the cup and came out coated with a gooey pink liquid. 'Handsoap!' Laura thought with surprise.

She felt the fingers press into both her ass and her cunt this time. Laura began to hump back against the fingers as they were repeatedly fucked into her tight channels. However, just as she was getting into the rhythm, the hand was withdrawn and dipped into the cup again. This was repeated several times, while Laura continued to rim Beth, who was oblivious to the other goings on. 

To Laura's dismay, she began to feel a burning coming from her ass and pussy. The soap was beginning to sting and when she looked down she saw that foam was gushing from her pussy, running down her thighs into a puddle on the floor. Yet, even through the painful burning, the desire in her cunt was too strong for her to withdraw. Instead, she spread her legs wider to give the probing fingers free roam.

"Oh God Princess - Oh Fuck - I-I'm cumming Laura! Stroke it - stroke my clit!" Beth ass clenched around Laura's tongue as she began to cum. 

Laura could now feel the strange hands roaming her lower body, coating her thoroughly with the liquid soap. Then, as Beth finished coming down from her orgasm, the hands vanished as mysteriously as they appeared. 

"What the fuck happened?" exclaimed Beth in surprise, when she saw the foamy pink puddle between Laura's thighs. 

"I don't know, but I'm so horny...." Laura whined, as she pumped two fingers in her now foamy quim. Then the two girls heard the tinkle of someone peeing in the restroom. "Oh no! Someone else snuck in!' she whispered, and both girls looked at each other in alarm. 

Just then, an older voice warned, "Whoever that is over there, wait just a second for me to get out of here and then we are going to get to the bottom of whatever deviant activities you are up to on the college campus." 

Laura was in a panic. She yearned for an orgasm, yet she didn't dare stay around to find out what would happen when the lady got out of the stall. She turned around and grabbed her shirt, but in her haste it fell down onto the soapy mess on the floor. She picked the wet shirt off the floor and put it on. Then, she unrolled a wad of toilet paper and wiped off as much of the liquid soap running down her legs as possible, before clearing out of the restroom, just a few steps behind Beth. 

'Only a few minutes to find another restroom and wipe the rest of this soap off, before Dr. Adams's class begins,' Laura thought, as the soap began to burn her delicate tissues. Though the vinyl skirt kept the fluids from bleeding through; neither did it let them evaporate. Laura could feel the wet secretions of her sex and soap as they streamed down her thighs. 'Please - please, don't let anyone see this,' she prayed.

However, just as she turned in the hall to go to the other restroom, she felt a hand on her hip. "I'm so glad you could make it on time today" said Dr. Adams. "My-my-my, you look younger and younger every time I see you." The older woman guided the very reluctant girl into the class.

*

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author. Your comments are their only payment. Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.