 This story is copyrighted and may not be copied, reprinted or placed on a web site without permission of the author.

* * * * *

Well, this was a first for me. My neighbor, Beverly Johnson, had talked me into a 7 day vacation in Las Vegas without our spouses. I was reluctant to even bring it up to my husband Bill since we had never went on a vacation apart in our 10 year marriage. In fact I didn't think he would be very receptive to the idea. I was pleasantly surprised when he didn't object and more amazed when he suggested it may spice up our marriage. Not that anything was really wrong in our relationship. But, in 10 years, we had never been apart.

Beverly and Bob, our best friends, were in a similar situation of sorts. They were together even more than Bill and I. They owned a small business and worked together every day. She jokingly suggested to her husband that if she didn't get away from him for a week she was going to kill him. 

So it was all set. We were going to drive to Vegas, leaving on a Friday afternoon and not returning until the following weekend. Seven days to play is the way Beverly put it.

Beverly even went shopping one whole day just to buy a wardrobe of clothes to wear in Vegas. She tried to talk me into doing the same but I thought it was a waste of money. I had plenty of clothes and, unlike Beverly, I dressed pretty conservative. I didn't think I would look any more glamorous in new clothes as she had suggested. 

Anyway, the drive to Vegas was pleasant. We talked about everything under the sun and it was relaxing just to be with her. 

I had never been to Vegas and the lights amazed me. I never saw such lights in my life. I felt the excitement as we drove down the famous strip to the hotel where we had reservations. 

When we arrived at our room I thought a mistake had been made. It was a beautiful suite. Beverly assured me this was what she had reserved. She said we don't do this often so we might as well go first class. 

We didn't even unpack our bags. It was 10 pm but, unlike our home town, no one sleeps in Vegas. Or at least not all at the same time. We immediately went downstairs to the Casino and started playing the slot machines. It was something new for me but I quickly got the hang of it. 

The waitress continued bringing us free drinks and by 4am we were close to drunk. We were also dead tired. By 4:30 in the morning we were sound asleep.

"Get up sleepy head," I heard someone say. "It's time to get out of this room and party." 

"Good god Beverly. What time is it?" I murmured. 

"It's 10am, she answered. "Time to get up and out of here." 

As I rolled out of bed my head was splitting. I wasn't much of a drinker but the drinks the night before seemed to go down like water. Now I had huge hangover. 

"I'm sick," I said to Bev. "I can't go anywhere." 

"Your not sick," she said. "I've got just what you need to get you going." 

She handed me a large glass that appeared to be tomato juice. My mouth was extremely dry and my body felt dehydrated. Something cold and wet was appealing. I took several big gulps before I realized it was laced with booze. 

"That's a Bloody Mary," Bev exclaimed. "The Hair of the Dog as Bob calls it. It should give your body some equilibrium." She laughed at her statement because she knew she didn't know what the hell she was talking about. 

Surprisingly it did make me feel better. Bev had ordered a whole pitcher of the drink and I had another as I showered, dressed, preparing for a day on the town. 

Was I ever surprised when I walked out of the bathroom. There stood Bev, fully dressed, or sort of dressed, because the skimpy outfit she was wearing didn't leave much to the imagination. 

"Jesus," I blurted out. "Are you going out in public dressed like that?" 

"Like what?" she asked mockingly. "Your the one that's going to be different from everyone else. With a body like yours it's a sin for you to cover it up the way your dressed. You look like the preacher's wife for christ sakes. I told you you should have bought some new clothes for this trip." 

I felt a little hurt by her remarks but shrugged it off. I just knew she would feel out of place in the clothes she was wearing. She looked positively slutty. I had to concede one thing. She had the body to wear those kind of clothes. 

Since we, or Bev mostly, had made such a point about clothes I was especially conscious of what everyone in the casino was wearing . I was beginning to think she was right. Not everyone was dressed like her but everyone that had any kind of body was dressed pretty skimpy. And, amazingly, they all appeared to be comfortable with it. Now she had me thinking I was an overdressed fuddy duddy. 

We caught a cab for downtown to a restaurant someone had suggested to us. And, to my amazement, we were drinking more Bloody Mary's with our brunch. For feeling so lousy an hour ago I now felt great.

Well, I guess wonders will never cease. After an afternoon of Bloody Marys, a shopping trip for clothes for me that Bev talked me into, here I stand in the most revealing clothes I ever wore in my life. My husband would be utterly amazed if he saw me now, I thought to myself. 

Surprisingly, I felt comfortable in them, but I didn't think I would feel comfortable with people looking at me . I took comfort in the fact that no one I knew would see me. 

Bev came out of the bathroom. "Now that's a real outfit your wearing," she said. "You look like the sexy bitch I knew was hiding under those clothes of yours. Your going to turn some heads tonight. Now don't it feel good to let go and feel a little slutty?" 

I wanted to tell her she was right, it did feel good, but I said nothing. I didn't want to give her the satisfaction of admitting I might have been, oh hell, no might about it, I was wrong. 

We had tickets to a Wayne Newton show starting in half an hour. I didn't like Wayne Newton but it's sort of like the thing to do when you go to Vegas. 

Surprisingly, the show was good and we both enjoyed it. Afterwards we went to the bar for a drink. Several drunks, no not several, a lot of drunks put the hit on us and I was never so glad to be with Bev. She was extremely adept at putting them off and I felt myself feeling safe with her. I thought that was weird, feeling safe with another woman, the way I felt with my husband. 

I heard Bev asking the bartender about places for us to go to have a good time. A band was playing so I couldn't hear most of the conversation. It didn't matter. Our now, unnatural relationship, would dictate her handling our agenda and I would follow along. I was aware of this phenomenon and I could even pinpoint where it started. When she picked out and approved every piece of clothing I bought today, right down to the panties I was wearing. And for the first time, tonight, I ever appeared in public without a bra, a point she was so adamant about. 

I shrugged all of this off because I felt comfortable and I liked feeling safe and comfortable. 

"Lets go," she ordered. "Bartender gave me a couple of tips. Were going to really make a night of it. Are you up for it?" "Sure," I said. "Lead on."

"Where are we going Bev?" I asked as the cab sped down the strip away from the bright lights. 

"Somewhere I've always wanted to go but never had the opportunity," she said whimsically. "You'll see when we get there." 

The cab turned off the main thoroughfare into a dimly lit driveway. We stopped in front of a night club, classy enough to have a doorman. As the man helped me out of the cab he did not hide his lustful look at my swaying, unencumbered breast and my exposed thighs. For a brief moment I, uncharacteristically, appreciated his leer. 

As he held the club door for me I walked into a long empty hallway, the walls covered with pictures of partially clad, beautiful girls. I waited for Bev who was paying the cabbie. 

"'Bev," I blurted out when she walked through the door. "Look at these pictures on the wall. What kind of place is this?" 

"It's a classy strip club," she said coyly. "Something I've always wanted to see. Haven't you ever been curious about what attracts men to places like this?" 

"No I haven't," I spoke bluntly. 'And I don't feel curious now. Will we be alright in here?" 

"Don' you worry about it," she said assuredly. "We'll be just fine. And pay attention. Maybe you'll learn something you can take home to your husband." 

I laughed nervously as we entered the main floor of the club. It was dark inside. As my eyes adjusted, mostly to the smoke, I could see there were 5 separate stages, a spot light on each stage. There were plenty of tables, only about half taken. 

A Maitre'd approached us. "Would you lovely ladies like a table," he blubbered. A table for 4 perhaps." 

"There's only two of us," Bev told him. "And we don't want a table. We want two seats at the far stage." 

"Yes ma'am," he said as he turned to lead us to our seats. "There's a two drink minimum," he advised us as we sat down. "A waitress will be with you shortly." 

I thanked him as I looked around the room. We were the only women customers in the place!!! 

I was extremely self conscious and I could feel every eye in the place looking at us. If we had sat at a table back in the dark it wouldn't have been so bad, I thought. Why did Bev want to set right at the stage where everyone could see us?

Only three of the five stages had strippers dancing. No one was dancing at the stage where we were sitting. The music stopped for a moment and all the dancers disappeared. But only for a moment. Suddenly another song began. Up on our stage a beautiful blonde appeared, fully clothed in a long white dress. 

As she swayed to the music her attention was on Bev and I. Even when she wasn't looking directly at us I knew she was dancing for us. She looked directly at Bev and licked her lips seductively. I heard a low moan coming from Bev, causing me to turn and look at her, I saw the same lust in her eyes the doorman had displayed when he eyed my large breast. 

This was a side of Bev I didn't know about. It scared me. I've known her for several years and never a hint. I sat quietly and watched her as she and the stripper played a little game between them. 

The stripper now turned her attention to me!! Wearing only a g-string, she lowered herself about one foot in front of me and spread her legs. For a moment I was mesmerized by her crotch. I couldn't move my eyes. When I finally looked up, there hung two beautiful tits with long, hard nipples. Now she was licking her lips for my benefit. I looked away, turning my head towards Bev. She was licking her lips also!!!! 

I wanted to leave. I felt hot, not hot like heat hot, but hot like panties getting wet hot. I didn't want to feel this. I'm Miss comfortable, Miss don't change anything because I like the way things are in my life. I didn't want this new feeling, especially something as depraved as sexual stimulation between women. I'm 33 and happily married and nothing is going to change that. 

Bev now has her hand under her skirt touching herself shamelessly. The stripper, now laying on the floor, her legs spread openly to Bev, was hunching her pussy teasingly, as if begging for Bev to bury her face between the strippers thighs. 

"Bev. Bev, what are you doing," I whisper loudly to her. "Lets get out of here. C'mon, lets go." 

"Shut up bitch," she hissed at me. "Shut the fuck up." 

I couldn't believe my ears. I jumped up and ran out of the club. When I got outside I told the doorman to get me a cab. 

"Where's your girlfriend?" he asked as his eyes roamed up and down my body. 

"Just get me a cab," I snapped at him. 

Suddenly a cab appeared. I jumped in the back seat giving the driver the name of my hotel. I felt the tears well up in my eyes as the hurt of Bev's words echoed in my ears. She was so full of lust for that girl she turned on me. I was stunned. I was hurt. 

All kind of thoughts crossed my mind as rode the elevator up to our floor. Should I pack and try to fly out tonight? Should I just wait until morning? At the moment I wasn't even considering the option of staying. As I arrived at the suite I felt so tired I knew that i would have to wait until morning to get out of here. 

I was awakened by noises and voices coming from the bathroom. I assumed it was Beverly but, not being sure, I moved cautiously across the room. The door was slightly ajar and from my angle I could see the huge mirror on the wall. I was appalled. There, sitting on the commode seat, was Beverly. Kneeling in front of her was the stripper from the club. I couldn't believe it. The stripper was licking her, her long tongue buried in Bev's womanhood. 

"Lick me bitch," I heard Bev bark out. "Eat my pussy you goddamn slut. That's it cunt, eat Bev's pussy."

I could see Bev shudder. I knew she was having an orgasm. Now another, and another. 

I felt the heat between my legs. This was wrong and I wasn't going to allow myself to be drawn into it, I told myself. But I didn't move. I watched as Bev bucked her hips up to meet the invading tongue. She was grabbing the stripper by the hair and pulling her face and mouth hard against her. I knew I had to stop watching, stop the leaking of my pussy, and most of all stop these terrible thoughts going through my mind. 

I returned to my bed, pulled the covers up over me, and pretended to be asleep. My panties, the panties Bev had picked out for me, were soaked. I was horrified at myself. Horrified at the thought that I wanted to touch myself, to finger myself. 

Several minutes went by. I heard both of them come into the room. 

"I have to go baby," I heard the stripper say. "It's been fun. If you want to make a real night of it before you return home just give me a call. My number is on the card I gave you. 

I peeked out from under the covers and saw them kissing. One of those slow, tongue in your throat kisses. Finally Bev walked her to the door and she was gone. 

Bev returned to the room and crawled into her bed. 

"Hey Julie, Julie. Wake up. Hey, I'm talking to you!" 

"What do you want Bev?" I mumbled. "Why are you waking me?" 

"Listen. I know you told the front desk you wanted a cab to be waiting for you at 8am. They also told me you were checking out. I know you're mad and I know why you're mad. But I'm not going to apologize. I was doing something I've wanted to do for a long time and you were total ass about it. You're certainly welcome to stay. You're still my friend. I hope you remember that when you try to explain to our husband's why you came home early. But what I really hope is that you change your mind and stay. It's up to you. Good night." 

I was stunned. She wasn't going to apologize!! She thinks all of this is my fault? Was she right, I wondered to myself. Was I being to judgmental? After all, even I sorta succumb to the Vegas mystic. I have the wet panties as proof of that. 

I finally drifted off to sleep not knowing what I was going to do in the morning. 

"Wake up girl. Lets go get some breakfast." Bev was shaking me, interrupting a weird dream I was having. 

I looked at my watch. It was 11 am. Well, so much for flying home. I guess she thinks I changed my mind. I can't believe I overslept. 

Well, she's acting normal, like nothing happened between us. She was right about one thing. I would have had a hard time explaining why I came home early and left her here. Maybe it's for the best that I stay here. 

We passed each other in the room, her coming from the shower, me on my way to take one. 

When I returned to the room she had my clothes laid out for me. The day before when I purchased my new clothes they were five distinctive outfits. She had mixed and matched, seemingly picking whatever was the most revealing. I never questioned her choice. 

Once dressed, I never felt so slutty. I don't know why but I felt an adrenalin rush, an anticipation of excitement I knew I would have going out in public like this. Especially during the daylight hours. 

"Now that's how I want you to look," she said appraising me. "I want you to look like a sexy bitch. You like it too, don't ya?" 

"I don't know what I feel Bev. I feel strange at the moment. Lets just leave it at that." 

"Fair enough," she said. "Lets go eat."

It was 3:30 in the afternoon and we were sitting at our third bar of the day. I knew Bev was checking out every woman who passed by us. 

"You know what would be perfect?" she mused. She didn't wait for an answer. "If we could find some woman for the afternoon, have a good time, take a nap, and then go out later tonight and do it all over again." 

Why did she say "we" I wondered. Did she think that because I stayed in Vegas I not only approved of her new found lust but I was willing to participate in it? I didn't say anything. No use starting something again. I can always excuse myself and leave her to her new whims. Besides, I want her to have a good time. And having sex with another woman isn't like she's cheating on her husband, I rationalized. 

My train of thought was broken by Bev punching me in the leg under the table. "Look over there Julie. Those 2 women are looking at us. What do you think?" 

Without being too obvious I slowly turned and looked at them. Both of them were beautiful. One looked our age or a little older. The other couldn't be more than 18. 

"They look very nice,' I said staidly. 'But what are you going to do with two of them." 

"I'll think of something," she replied coyly. "Wait here. I'm going over and talk to them." 

I watched as Bev slipped off of the bar stool and walked across the room. i wondered why I never noticed how firm and round her butt was before. She sure is sensual, I thought to myself. I felt that familiar heat rush over me again. It's this town, I told myself. Brings the sinful side out in you 

As I sipped my drink Beverly continued her conversation with the two women. She finally returned to our table. 

"Lets go," she said. "Were all going back to our suite." 

"What do you mean all of us?' I asked. "I'm not part of this Bev. I understand what you want to do but I don't want part of it. I'll wait here. When your through call the bar here and I'll come back to the room." 

"No Julie, you don't understand. They think they're going with both of us. They might not go if you don't come along. . C'mon. You don't have to do anything. Just come back to the room and keep the younger one company. You can do that can't you?" 

"Okay, okay. Don't say I never did anything for you. I should make you apologize for the way you talked to me the other night, I said jokingly." 

"Never," she said mockingly. "You are a slut bitch while were in Vegas. She squeezed my hand fondly as I slid from the stool. Her hand touching mind was as close to a apology I was going to get and my mind accepted it. 

"Julie, this is Michelle and her daughter Sarah. Girls, this is my friend Julie." 

You could have knocked me over with a feather. Mother and daughter? Wow, I thought. Only in Vegas. 

We caught a cab back to our hotel and went directly to the room. Bev had me break out a bottle of wine and pour all of us a glass. Bev and Michelle were already kissing and feeling each other up. The daughter Sarah kept looking at me but when I didn't make any move towards her she sat silently sipping her wine. 

It wasn't long until Bev had Michelle stripped down to panties, thigh high stockings and high heels. I couldn't push the ache from my body or the thoughts from my head. She had the nicest set of tits, full and round. I watched in fascination as Bev sucked on one while pinching and pulling the nipple of the other. 

They lay down on the bed, Bev finally shedding her blouse and skirt. They were kissing passionately, all the while fingers roaming over each others bodies until they found their final destination. Now Bev, the aggressor, was fingering Michelle's pussy in ernest. Michelle, moaning and writhing under Bev's caresses appeared to be heading for a quick orgasm. I heard her grunt, her body tremble, and watched as her panties filled with cum. 
