 Jennifer did not know what to expect when she arrived at Mandy's house for the Slumber party. It took her 1 hour to decide what to wear to a sex novelty house party gathering. She decided on a black silk skirt with a tight fitting tee and red painted toe nails and hands. She was ready to enjoy herself and let her inner desires roam free tonight, with the help of tequila of course. 

She arrived at Mandy's house just as the tenth person came in behind her. They all seemed to have dressed sexy for the occasion. Her good friends Gayle and Lisa were there. The dress code was simple; mini skirts and tight tops to show off the body that they worked on each day at aerobics. 

They all sat around the shrine of sex objects on the table in front of them waiting to have a touch. The host Jackie started discussing novelty items which included the penis cake pan and vibrator lipstick, to glow in the dark condoms. It wasn't until the bedroom playthings were passed around that Jennifer felt the buzz. It was the alcohol plus daring talk amongst the girls that made Jennifer do what she never thought possible of herself. She came upon a jellied sleeve that fits snuggly around the shaft of a penis that was made slippery from some peach smelling gel the Jackie put in it. Jennifer slid it on the penis dildo until it reached the bottom and proceeded to slid it up and down several times. All eyes were on her due to the moans she accompanied her hand movements with. She asked for more gel to put on it. She could not stop sliding this sleeve up and down. It was so smooth and smelt so good. Jennifer had to lick it. Instead of taking her finger to touch the gel she closed her eyes and placed her mouth on the penis and licked it only on the tip. Just as she was slowly beginning to enjoy it, the next Lisa asked to try it. Jennifer could see that Lisa wanted to experience it too. She watched Lisa slide it around her tits and watched the nipples poke through her shirt. 

And so on and so on it went. The dildos for the clit, the nipple rings and the vagina tightening cream were passed around. The night proceeded to become a blur. Jennifer held vibrators of all colors and shapes. She sampled different creams and sensations she never had before. She could not stop herself from tasting, smelling and touching everything passed around. It was the most arousing night she had in a long time.

The second cream that Jennifer sampled was exquisite. It became hot when applied to the genitilia. Jennifer had to try it as well as seven other girls did. Each girl was given a drop of cream and went to the bathroom to try it on. Gayle tried it first and came out with a smile as she twitched around for awhile. Jennifer could not believe the feeling she had. It was cool and hot and burning. It made her pussy alive. 

She sat down to continue with the party and another round of drinks. The rabbit vibrator ended in her lap next. This toy featured penetration and clitorial stimulation. Jennifer placed it against her skirt. She felt some vibrations. She was still hot from the cream she placed on her vaginal lips before. She slipped the vibrator under her mini skirt and turned it on full speed while Gayle was toying with the butterfly. The butterfly was a clit toy that one attaches with a belt around her pelvis. Jennifer watched Gayle as she tried the butterfly on. Gayle screamed when Jennifer turned it on. Gayle continued to explain the feelings she got as Jennifer began to experience her own pleasure. 

The "rabbit ears" on her vibrator pulsated on her clit as she slid the penis inside her already wet pussy. It turned in circular motion inside her. She watched the other women touch the other clitorial and g-spot virators and got super wet. She wondered how she was going to control her screams when she came. As the other Lisa and Mandy were discussing blowjob methods, Jennifer came while tasting strawberry lotion off of Gayle's manicured finger next to her. She took some peach gel she found and placed it on the vibrator she used to disguise her creamy white cum on it.

The room heated up when the Lisa was asked to demonstrate the swing. She placed it on a hook in the ceiling from the smoke alarm. Jennifer was recruited to sit inside it. As Jennifer's ankles were placed in the harness her butt was exposed from the skirt riding up her waist. Her nipples were already erect from the creams she put on it. They became stiff when someone close to her talking, blew on them causing the cream to become hot. Someone started to push Jennifer in the swing. Gayle took a large gyrating pink dildo and began playfully poking at Jennifer around her pussy. At one point the penis dildo went under her skirt and touched her soft lips. Jennifer moaned. Gayle obviously intoxicated asked Jennifer if she wanted more. There was no way Jennifer could get out of the swing herself. So she allowed Gayle to slide her skirt up, pull aside her black g -string panties and plunge the dildo inside her hungry pussy.

Another girl rubbed her hand on Jennifer's soft small nipple. When Mandy started licking her other breast Jennifer could not take it. With three girls on her at once it was her fantasy coming true. Gayle started to pump the dildo in faster and harder. She started to rub Jennifer's clit as well. Jennifer could see Gayle's large grapefruit sized tits when Gayle bent over. Jennifer could not stop staring. She touched Mandy's tit next to her when it brushed past her face. Jennifer's own nipples were red from the intense sucking going on. 

When Gayle started to lick Jennifer's pussy softly and slowly she saw stars dance across her eyes. Jennifer looked across the room as the three women placed their hands and mouths on parts of her that were not touched in months. She noticed Mandy's husband at the top of the stairs watching her. He had his hand placed around his erect dick. As he stroked himself, Jennifer found herself swinging to his hand movements. She was so turned on by the sight of him she was about to explode. She was so wet. She saw her cum on the wood floor. The intensity of the night was too much for Jennifer. She came in the mouth of Gayle who stopped the penetration and was sucking her pussy. Gayle licked her lips as Jennifer's cum dripped down her chin. Jennifer looked up and noticed that Mandy's husband had left. 

That night Jennifer went home with three vibrators, 2 creams and 2 phone numbers. Who knew pajama parties were more than popcorn and girl talk in bed.