 SNOWBOUND

CHAPTER ONE

INGA AND ALENA DISCOVER THEMSELVES

Inga and Alena had been great friends from their first day at school, their parents lived just one street apart, so they virtually lived together from the age of six. As they entered their senior years at school they would go shopping for clothes, spending all day in town trying on different outfits, stopping at cafes for coffee and strolling down the boardwalk beside the small river flowing through the city.

Inga was five feet six with medium sized breasts and long black hair. She was very proud of her hair she had been growing it out since her tenth birthday and it now flowed down to her waste. Her head was distinguished by heavy brows that sheltered deep dark eyes. She had a dimple in the middle of her chin. She was a health fiend eating only the freshest of foods. Although she was a natural beauty she was rarely seen in male company.

Alena on the other hand was tiny standing at just five feet two. Her hair was silver blond which framed her soft featured face. Being short sighted she wore a pair of Gucci designer glasses with light pink frames and darker pink arms. Like her height, her breasts were also tiny, perfectly formed small pert orbs poking through the light summer tops that she loved to wear. Due to their size she had never considered it necessary to wear a bra. Unlike Inga she had never had difficulty attracting boyfriends at school: they flocked around her like bees around a honey pot. 

Inga's experience amounted to only two boyfriends and both dropped her after a very short time. Surprisingly this did not concern Inga. Since her earliest days as a teenager she had felt differently about boys. Yes, they were fun to talk with, but she never felt comfortable spending more private intimate sessions with them. It was for this reason both her boyfriends dropped her saying she was frigid. 

Inga had always been attracted to girls and since her eighteenth birthday when Alena had stayed the night at her place she had been really attracted to her great friend; not that anything had happened, but she began to have feelings for her friend. On seeing Alena come out of the bathroom dressed in her pink panties and white tank top she had felt her stomach clench as her nipples puffed out and pussy got wet. Since then when in bed at night, she had dreamed of Alena.

Alena lost her virginity on her eighteenth birthday which created a period of six months when she rarely saw Inga. She and Boris were inseparable she knew she was in love. Boris was three years older than her and would take her away on romantic weekend camping trips. He was fantastic, giving her pocket money to buy dope and leaving her with a bottle of Bourbon to tie her over for the week. Then it happened, Friday night arrived, and he didn't turn up, so she got a taxi to his flat and letting herself in found him fucking Felicity, another girl in her year at school. Alena said nothing, she let herself quietly out of the flat and returned home sending Boris an email telling him she had seen him fucking Felicity and ending by saying don't ever come over here again. She then phoned Inga and went around to her house.

She walked into the lounge room falling into her friends comforting arms sobbing. Through breaks in her tears she told Inga about catching Boris and Felicity together. Inga rolled a big joint and lighting it gave it to her friend. "Here, have a big pull on this, it's top notch head and will help to get your mind away from the arsehole. I told you that this was how it would end up. My Mum has a friend whose daughter was sleeping with him before you, and he dumped her for you. It's in his blood he is just a fucking male arsehole who thinks he can treat women as he likes." 

Alena sniffed, wiping away the tears she drew back another lung full of the acrid smoke and sat back in the large ottoman. It was doing the job intended; her head spinning as she handed it back to Inga. They continued to smoke joint for joint listening to the latest Eminem CD loosing, themselves in the moment. At last they paused, the music had ended some time ago, it was late, and the house was in silence, Inga's parents were away for the weekend. Alena smiled weakly, starring into Inga's deep dark hypnotic eyes. 

"Thank you for being here for me, I have treated you like a real arsehole since our eighteenth. I have loved you forever and, yet I treated you like that." Saying this she lent over allowing her lips to close on her friend brushing her lips across Inga's.

Inga didn't know what to say, Alena and she had kissed thousands of times but never like this, never on the lips. Her heart was pounding as she looked-into Alena's eyes, trying to read what she was thinking. She opted for the rather limp, "We have been friends for years and of course I love you too." They continued staring; just sitting close together holding hands on the couch in the dimly lit room. As they sat Inga allowed her lips to get closer to Alena until they were just inches from each other. They could feel their breath; smell their scent as they sat staring intently at each other.

Inga's heart was pounding she had never been this close before, she desperately wanted to kiss Alena again but for real this time. At last she couldn't take it any longer and the gap gradually became less and less until their lips touched. This was supposed to be an exploratory kiss, but it quickly erupted into a full blown deeply passionate embrace; their mouths opened, their tongues became entangled and their hands slid round each other.

After some minutes of this Alena pulled back, she had never considered herself interested in her own sex. She had known Inga for twelve years and had never thought she was bi or lesbian, she just thought she was particularly choosy about the boys she wanted to be with. She looked deeply into her eyes trying to read their intent. She saw unbridled lust, a fire of sexual heat burning deep in their dark depths. She pulled back further wandering whether she should go home or stay. 

Inga could see her friends confused thoughts and taking her hand softly in hers said, "Look I know what you are thinking, you have never thought of this before. It is the first time for me as well; the only difference is that over recent years I have known that I was more interested in women than men. I don't know if I am bi or lesbian, but I do know I lean towards women. Now I would love to try to get closer tonight and remember, you can always say enough is enough, I will honor your request.

It was Alena who closed in this time allowing their mouths to clash, their tongues to wrestle as they sucked, kissing wildly. Both girls were lost in a world of lust and deep passion. Alena's small hands reveled in the soft smooth flesh of Inga's back and jean clad ass. The feel of a girl was so much different than a guy; she could feel Inga's silky smoothness with her own fingers and hands as she felt Inga clutch her sides. She knew that tonight was going to be their initiation into taking their love to the next stage.

"I can't believe that I am finally doing this. I have dreamed of being with you like this since our eighteenth birthday." Pulling her closer she allowed her fingers to slide up under Alena's shirt to massage her back. She pulled Alena back into another kiss as her hands also started to work their way under her clothes. For the first time she felt up across Alena's small pert breasts, she felt the aroused turgid nipples pressing urgently out inviting her loving fingers to squeeze them.

Alena was stunned at what she was feeling. Boris had never kissed her like this, but Inga was a great kisser. She loved it, Inga's lips tasted of the strawberry scent of her lip balm, her tongue was wonderful, and she even loved the after taste of the Bourbon she had been drinking earlier.

Inga wanted to do a lot more to Alena than just kiss her and feel across her back and over the tiny peaks of her breasts, but she knew she had to go softly, softly. She forced herself to back away from her great friend and hopefully lover. She stared into her face looking for fear, for repugnance but saw unbridled lust. 

"What the fuck, why have you stopped, come here." With this Alena pulled Inga back into the deep loving kiss her tongue going ballistic. 

Inga giving into her cravings pulled the shirt that was hindering her up and over Alena's head. Exposing for the first time ever, the small hills of joy. Alena just allowed her friend to close in on her nipples feeling her teeth softly pull them sending shots of fire to her pussy. She had loved it when Boris bit her nipples, but it was never like this. Although they were both feeling their way Inga seemed to know just what she wanted, and her lips, teeth and tongue drew deep groans of satisfaction from Alena. Inga wanted more than just the breasts of her friend she wanted to feel the heat coming from her pussy, but held herself back satisfied for the time being with her small perfectly formed breasts. 

Alena lay back on the couch feeling her breasts, craving for more. Her thong had a big wet patch and she was rocking her head back and forth with the deep found emotion of the love that was being felt by them. Alena wanted to give Inga's breasts the same loving touch that she was feeling but couldn't get her hands between them, so she lay back submissively holding Inga's head, feeling the long black silken hair draped across her. She had never felt like this before, Boris had always been quick and rough. Once he had come, he would pull back looking down at her saying that was good wasn't it. It was a rare event when she managed to reach a small unsatisfying orgasm. This was different, she recognised the building of an early climax coming upon her. It built, the boiling heat as her pussy throbbed and she threw her head back as the climax broke over her.

They cuddled in each other's arms hugging as Alena lay back in the aftermath of her climax. Inga kissed her on the lips before moving down kissing and biting her nipples moving slowly licking and biting to the top of her thong. She ripped them from her flinging the wet thong to the floor where it lay in sweet surrender. Alena was watching her with her lust filled eyes as Inga ran her exploring tongue up her crack and she tasted for the first time the juice of a woman. Her lips kissed the floral lips of her pussy, biting them lightly, hearing Alena moan. She slid her tongue up and down her pussy, gliding to her clit, hard and wet with passion. Her tongue flicking lightly across it hearing with each flick, Alena moan louder her hips pressing up into her face.

Inga was following what she knew pleased her to drive her inexperienced tongue as it worked deeper into the folds of her friends' pussy. She was remembering the few lesbian DVD's she owned, trying to repeat what she had seen. Slowly her tongue went into her pussy licking up and down as Inga pressed two fingers inside rolling them round as her tongue worked again on Alena's clit. Her fingers curling up feeling for her friend's G spot.

Alena was screaming, and the bed was crashing against the wall as she felt a bigger more urgent climax building. It was like a volcano, the pressure building and building until bursting out gushing from her throbbing pussy as she screamed, experiencing the greatest climax of her young life. At last she fell back her breasts rising and falling with her gasps for air. Slowly she calmed, her eyes were shut, and she just lay there in a deep relaxed slumber as Inga lay cuddling her watching her calm back down. Alena's eyes opened and with a deep sigh she looked dreamily into Inga's eyes.

"Fuck, what happened? God, I love you." She then drifted back into a deep sleep.

CHAPTER TWO

THE BLIZZARD

It is two years later, and they were standing by a snowmobile on a mountain road. It was sunny, and they were strapping their backpacks on. "Fuck you wouldn't believe it, breaking down just five miles from the lodge. Oh well we have nothing for it but walk the rest of the way. Hopefully a car will come by and give us a lift."

With that they started the long slow climb up the steep winding mountain road. The country was open with a deep covering of fresh snow, the road discernible only by the high red posts guiding the way. As they walked a light wind started to blow dropping the temperature even lower. The girls lent into it trudging slowly through the snow drifts towards their goal. 

An hour later and the sun had gone behind deep grey snow clouds, the light wind had become a gale and it wasn't long before snow was blowing into their faces. "Fuck this is becoming nasty I am finding it difficult to see the road."

Inga replied, "Don't worry sweetie we can't be that far now." 

So, they trudged on into what was now a full-blown blizzard. Climbing up another hill they saw lights from a building not far off. "Here we are," said Inga excitedly and tried to walk faster into the driving snow and wind. As they trudged they became aware of a noise behind them. They stopped and looked around seeing the lights of a car coming slowly up the road. They eased to one side as the large late model Range Rover sopped beside them. 

A woman looked out form the passenger seat asking, "Where are you going to, can we give you a lift?" 

Alena replied, "We are going to the Toppers Lodge our snow mobile broke down and we have been walking most of the afternoon."

"My God you are miles off the road; you had better get in and come with us. Put your backpacks in the back and hop in. This is Jeremy and I am Jess.

"Oh, thank you so much we are Inga and Alena; we have a job at the Toppers Lodge for the ski season."

"This is the first early blizzard in ten years I don't think you will be going on up for a while with it blowing like this. Normally, once we have an early blizzard the weather closes in for a fortnight or so. But don't worry, Jeremy will call the Lodge and inform them that you are safe with us."

As they were talking the Rover ground its way on up to the big house, parking in the shelter of a large double garage. Coming to a halt the doors closed and the lights came on. The girls got out and looked about them. They were standing inside a very big garage, there was a door to the left and as they stood it opened and a woman came out welcoming Jeremy and Jess. "Hello, Mavis this is Inga and Alena, we found them stranded on the track, they will be staying with us until the weather clears, so make up the guest room for them. Those are their backpacks." 

"Come on, follow us and we shall show you the house and where you will be sleeping during your stay with us. As this is the first early blizzard in ten years I don't think you will be going on up for a while and it's not unusual, that an early blizzard can close the roads for three weeks or so. But don't worry, Jeremy will call the Lodge and inform them that you are safe with us."

From the garage they went down a wide hallway and into a large kitchen with a dark stone floor. It had a wide central bench with cooking utensils hanging over the top. This central bench housed the stove with a microwave to the side. Off to the left was a walk in cool room with a freezer leading off it. The kitchen had a long bench top down one side with a window and double sink with dishwasher beneath. On the other side there was a wide bench with six high stools creating an area for meals. 

Across from the kitchen there was a massive sunken lounge with a chesterfield in the centre and the biggest log fire either girl had ever seen. They were shown a door off to the left and told that it led to Jeremy's Office and was not to be entered unless invited. They were then led through a wide arch into a comfortable dining room with a round cedar table which could seat eight people. 

Along from the kitchen and lounge a wide staircase led to the upstairs apartments. They were told that these were Jeremy's and Jess's private rooms and again not to be entered unless invited. Beyond the stairs there was another wide hallway leading down to the guest apartment. This had two bedrooms with king beds and a central bathroom complete with bath and spa. The second bedroom was on the other side of the bathroom. Both bedrooms had walk in robes. There was another door leading off the hallway and they were told that it led down to the cellar where the wines and spirits were stored. Again, this was out of bounds unless instructed to go there.

Returning them to their apartment Jess told them that the evening meal was in an hour and a half giving them plenty of time to clean up and change into fresh clothes. They were told that before dinner, drinks were usually served in the lounge. Once alone Inga and Alena unpacked their backpacks and taking their toiletries into the bathroom filled the spa and lay back relaxing in the hot bubbling water. Although they could not believe how lucky they were they also worried about the place where they had employment.

"Remember Jeremy said he would call them up and tell them we had gotten lost but are safe. So, let's settle back and enjoy the blizzard. They seem to be really nice people."

Jess and Jeremy were standing before the fire with a cocktail talking. They were a handsome couple, Jeremy standing around five feet nine inches while Jess was close to five feet six. Jeremy was slim and very fit while Jess was also very slim, but she had well developed breasts and with broad hips she possessed the famed hour glass figure. They both had dirty blond hair, while Jeremy had a well-groomed full beard.

Jess greeted them as they walked nervously into the lounge. Offering them drinks she motioned towards the table of hors d'oeuvres. As they drank Jeremy brought them up to date on the snow. It was not good news because it appeared to be worsening and the roads could be closed for at least three weeks. At first the girls were frightened, but Jessica put them at ease telling them that they had plenty of food and supplies. She also told them that a helicopter could land at the house. She added that due to the steep and narrow valley the Toppers Lodge was in, it was too dangerous to land a helicopter in these conditions. She told them that helicopters only flew up there in the summer months.

After the evening meal the girls excused themselves because they were so tired after their long hike in the snow. Returning to their apartment they quickly got ready for bed. Unfortunately, most of their clothes and personal items had been forwarded to Toppers a week earlier so they only had two changes of clothes and nothing to sleep in.

Sliding into the large comfortable bed they cuddled into each other. Sliding closer Inga brushed her lips across Alena's and slowly they began to cuddle, the kisses becoming deeper tongue exploring kisses causing them to moan quietly as the heat of their love making became more urgent.

Alena tensed when she felt Inga slide down onto the swell of her breast brushing her tongue across the sensitive bud. Her sighs and moans became a panting urgency as she felt fingers slide across the top of her mound and down to her knee going so close to her pussy. 

Needing to be touched as well, Inga slid up over Alena's mouth and brought her swollen wet cunt in contact with her lover's eagre lips. As she sucked and lapped at Inga's soaking pussy Alena dropped her hand onto her clit and began to franticly massage it. With Inga fucking her Alena's lips stroking her cunt it was not long before they were both screamed their orgasm. Alena thrusting up at her fingers while Inga slid up onto the beautiful lips of her friend and lover. 

Upstairs Jess and Mavis were watching the show on the CCTV Camera. Jessica was fingering her wet pulsing pussy as she watched her guests fuck downstairs. As her partner of ten months had left for Canada a month ago Jess had only been amusing herself at night so it was wonderful to be watching two very beautiful your women making love in the guest apartment downstairs. When Alena cried out announcing her crisis Jess experienced her first real orgasm in a long while.
