 Shanti Rangaswamy slowly straightened her skin, tried to smooth the wrinkles in her blouse and failed, then stood. She almost fell. 

Her legs were still weak and rubbery from the fantastic fucking that her young student had given her, she draped the sari around managed the petticoat somehow and moved out of the room.

She hated herself for being so weak. It might - have been reaction from coming so many times. She doubted it. Shanti knew that she should never have allowed Vijay to get such a hold over her.

She sighed and picked up her purse. Gathering together a pile of books and notes, she made her way down to the teachers' lounge. 

She desperately wanted to be alone and get her head straight on what was happening to her. At the same time, she wanted to be able to talk all this out.

Shanti wasn't sure if she was happy or not to see Ramya Jayaram, one of the foreign language teachers. The woman was sitting and grading papers from a test she'd given the period before. 

Both she and Shanti had the fifth period free for conferences. Mostly the two of them sat around wishing they could get a nice idli vada sambar rather than facing their sixth period classes.

"About done here," said Ramya. "Let's you and me run away together. I think it'd be nice to go to Sukh Sagar. I just finished teaching my class all about how lovely it is there. What say we get away from this rat race?" "Mataash gudda na rani," was all Shanti said..

"Oh, so the history teacher starts learning naughty words in Telugu, huh? You look pretty down in the dumps. What happened?" Shanti hesitated. 

She didn't know if she should tell the other teacher or not. Yet, there was something sympathetic about the other woman. 

She had those features which prevented her from ever being called a beauty, but they were soft and friendly. Her very attitude made Shanti know she could trust.. Ramya with anything she had to say.

And she told her. It all came gushing out in a steady stream of words lasting close to ten minutes, "so that's where I'm at right now. I'm so damned confused I Don't know what the fuck to do." Shanti blurted.

Ramya shook her head. "I see your problem. I, well, I've had some experience in these things, you know." "No, I didn't. You mean you've fooled around with the college youngmen, too." 

"Hell, I don't know of a teacher in this College that hasn't fucked a well-hung young stud or a sweet young thing, goes with the job. See a nice ass and presto! You're in trouble if anyone finds out. I fuck my neighbor friend's 20 year son regularly - he likes especially when I am back after a day at college and complete drenched sweat between the legs - I just lie down and he disrobes me - tears my panties and cleans my cunt and ass with his long tongue - all the dirt muck and sweat and juices - and in return gives me his dirty prick for a cone lick up and down till he comes before it hardens again for a direct ass fuck His mother is now suspicious - he is away for hours as soon as I return and came to my house couple of times, I opened the door in a dishelmed state, she is rock sure I am fucking her son- depraved mind - but that is the truth.." and she winked at Shanti who looked at the other teacher in disbelief.

She thought this sort of thing was an isolated case, that she was almost unique. Now Ramya was telling her almost all of the teachers fucked around with their students. And she'd been kicked out of earlier High College for balling the coach.

And most of the people passing judgment on her were probably screwing the pants off a dozen College students! She felt better and told Ramya.

"It's nothing. But this little creep blackmailing you is going to be a hassle to get rid of. I Don't know right off the top of my head what to do about that. 

Mostly, they want it, sure, but they're embarrassed to tell even their friends." "Or if they do, their friends think they're lying."

"Yeah, the old 'one-upmanship' power trip. 'I fucked the foxiest chick in College' is answered by 'Oh, yeah! I fucked her and her sister!' I've heard those young studs talking. Hell, I remember how they -were when I was in College. You probably do, too. You're not that much older than I am." For the first time, 

Shanti looked closely at her friend. Although there was an air of self-assurance about Ramya, it had never dawned on the woman that she wasn't at least as old. Ramya could have been two or maybe even three years younger than Shanti.

"Twenty-six," supplied the Mallu slut. "And damned sexy for all that, too," she said proudly.

Shanti had to smile. The woman was right. She was one hell of a looker. 

The tits weren't anywhere near as large as own so but then few were. Her entire body was petite, good enough and almost fragile looking. But that didn't detract at all.

"I get around," said Ramya, moving a little closer to Shanti. "You look like you can use a friendly hand right now, Am I right?" Her hand resAdi lightly on the woman's bare leg. The touch was like an electric shock. Shanti didn't know what to make of it. She couldn't move away and tell Ramya to leave her alone. She wanted the assurance this woman could give.

But that hand was sliding slowly up her leg and that was something new in her experience. What was it Ramya wanted from her?

As if the answer was squeezed from the harlot's lips, Ramya said, "You just relax Shanti darling and let me show you what it's like." 

As her slender fingers found the other teacher's bare twat, she shuddered. The woman felt her fingers stroking feather-light all over her pussy lips. When the feminine finger curled around her erect clit, she moaned softly and said, "No no! This is too much, I like it done it with Chitra many times but now Don't!" Shanti quipped slyly.

"Don't worry about it," Ramya quietly replied.

Then Ramya bent over and kissed Shanti square on the lips. The hand had shaken her a lot. 

More than she wanted to admit, the kiss was even more startling. She parted her lips half to protest and half because she was surprised. She was even more surprised when the other woman's tongue came surging into her mouth. 

The feverish tongue stroked and caressed hers until she was gasping in passion.

This couldn't be happening to her. She couldn't get hot and bothered by another woman. But she was. 

Ramya was turning her on. She was actually getting hot from another woman kissing her-and fondling her snatch. She broke off the kiss and said, "'What's happening? I Don't understand any of this. Why are you doing this to me!" Shanti feigned.

"Don't you like it?" Her hand crept across her pussy lips. 

The little tingles spread like wildfire all through her crotch. Ramya was not giving up.

She was gushing out her cunt juices now. In another minute, she'd be begging this woman to finger fuck her.

"NO!" "I think you do. Admit it to yourself if not to me." Shanti squirmed uncomfortably, but she couldn't force herself to move away from the woman's questing hand. Before she knew it, that hand was pressing firmly into the bulge of her pussy mound.

"Hmmmm you Don't have any panties!" Shanti didn't answer. 

She couldn't tell the woman that Vijay had taken them. To do what with them; she couldn't say, but it was no doubt something totally obscene.

"And you're juicy! All for me?"

"Y-you shouldn't be doing this. It's not right!"

"Why not? Doesn't it feel good when I do this? and this?" Her agile fingers stroked over the woman's erect clit. 

A bolt of sheer delight lanced into her body, she moaned softly and slipped down a little in the chair. 

The fingers worked their magic spell on her. 

She wanted to protest, to say this was wrong. She couldn't do it. The words were killed deep in her throat.

She allowed the pleasure to wash through her body like water. It was a soft and warm sensation and that was quickly replaced by a more urgent need as the other teacher began finger fucking her cunt.

"No, ohhhhh, no, don't! It.. . it's too goooood!" Shanti was enjoying it and Ramya smiled and dropped to her knees. "I think you'll like this even more.

Her mouth fastened on the other woman's cunt. 

The soft lips pressed into blood-engorged cunt lips. The rough wet tongue began licking and lapping all over the length of her gash. The thick juices oozing from her cunt were sucked up and savored noisily.

But she didn't stop there. Her tongue lashed out and beat hard against the tiny pillar of erect clit. Each time that driving tongue smashed down, a new sense of need rushed into Shanti's cunt. She felt herself growing weaker. 

No longer could she protest.

She didn't even want to! She was enjoying this tongue lashing too much.

"Ummm, you taste good!" exclaimed Ramya, looking up at the woman. Her lips were gleaming with cunt juice and there was a wicked gleam in her eye. She had more than simply eating a pussy on her mind.

"Don't stop," begged Shanti. "Not now, not when you've got me turned on so goddamned much!" 

"You're going to have to earn it." Ramya acrobatically upended herself, allowing her skid to drop over her head. But this exposed her panties to the other woman's mouth-her panties and her already wet snatch.

"You want me to ... to do the same for you?"

Shanti asked, uncertain if she should or not.

"Do it, dammit! And now! Before someone comes in and finds us!" That thought had never entered Shanti's head. Any of the other teachers could come in and find them eating out each other's pussies. 

That would get her fired for sure.

The sight of the other woman's pussy, its nearness, the aromatic and lusty odor, all combined to rob her of her common sense. 

So what if she were caught? 

This was the opportunity of a lifetime! 

She wasn't going to let it go! She skinned down the panties enough to expose the harlot's flowing gash. The pussy lips were already pink with blood and throbbing hard. 

She immediately stuffed her face into the vee of the woman's legs.

The taste assailed her lips, tongue, nostrils. She couldn't get enough of the other woman's cunt sauce. She lapped and licked and then thrust her tongue, cock-hard, into the gaping cunt.

She felt the other woman return the favor. Tongues in both their cunts, they began rapidly fluttering around in the velvet hung passages. Shanti was almost sobbing from reaction. 

She could barely contain herself. Wanting to scream and not knowing if it would attract attention made her shove her face even more forcefully into the woman's crotch.

The acid tang of the cunt juice spurred her on.

Tongue lashing out, she searched for and sought out all the right nerves. She made certain the other woman was getting the eating out of her young life and there wasn't a single spot she left untangled. The same thing was happening between her own legs.

The quaking sensation of approaching orgasm seized her. She tried to hold it back. She was getting greedy. 

She wanted to feel the full impact of a big orgasm, a very big one. No longer satisfied with the tiny ones that simply wracked her body for a moment, then passed, she wanted to go all the way.

With the other woman's knowing tongue on her cut, she thought it was going to be possible this time.

The sexual tensions were mounting in her belly. 

She felt the vague contractions along her cunt strengthening. Her breath came in harsh, hurried gasps. She started tongue-fucking the cunt so wantonly opened for her with an emotion approaching frenzy.

Then the dam inside her body burst. 

She came with the force of moutons of gallons of water rushing down a tiny valley. The impact of the physical and emotional come was almost too much for her.

She groaned and shook and sobbed and unashamedly let the tears roll down her cheeks.

And then it was over. Too quick. She wanted more. She had to make the other woman tongue-fuck her cunt even harder.

She began running her rough, wet, pink tongue all over the harlot and bristly strands surrounding the other woman's cunt hole. 

She didn't miss a single spot. Her tongue languorously swabbed down the entire area around her cunt mouth. 

Then her tongue stabbed out and down into the juicy twat.

The teacher felt the body of the other woman tense up. A trapped animal Sound told her the. teacher was coming. She felt a rush of excitement. She was the one who'd done it. She had actually made another woman come..

Shanti wanted more of this exciting lesbian mouth love. She had never in her wildest imaginings thought another woman could get her this hot, She was wrong. And now she wanted to find out what she'd been missing for too long.

Ramya squirmed in her grasp and managed to escape. She quickly pulled down her, skirt and "heavily breathed, "God, someone's coming, "Yes! Me!" "Shut up, damn your eyes! I meant out in the hall!" 

Shanti reluctantly straightened her skirt for, the second time that day. She smiled a little as Adi Reddy came into the teachers' lounge. He was the chemistry teacher with the hot for anything wearing a skirt. 

She didn't know which was worse, him actively pawing all the women teachers or his counterpart in the chemistry department, old Mr. Hunt, long since past his prime and looking like a prune.

"I'd better be going," she reluctantly told Ramya. The gnawing hunger in. her cunt wasn't going to let loose. It was trying to devour her. She was going to have to get balled by a real man's prick-and soon-or she'd go mad from unfulfilled lust.

Shanti rushed from the room, not even looking back at the surprised Adi Reddy.