 Allison was a natural and sixty nine her favorite position. With unflagging desire, I consumed her pussy and its juicy contents and she enthusiastically returned the favor. Sadly, our vacation ended but we kept in touch via email. 

Back at college, I started volleyball practice with the freshman team and we had a winning season. My bi curious phase had evolved into bi curious lust and I was always on the prowl for new conquests. But, nothing promising appeared on the horizon and I started summer vacation in a funky mood. 

My mother was perceptive of my emotional downturn and peppered me with questions. Short of revealing my sexual inclinations, I talked about everything under the sun, except that one topic. 

But, my mother was wise beyond her years and she was keenly aware of my lack of boyfriends. 

"Cory, did you meet any interesting boys' at college? She asked somewhat innocently. 

Her question took me by surprise and my mind reeled trying to think of a response. 

"Oh, I guess a couple." I answered as my lame response.

My mother's gaze narrowed and she regarded me with extreme skepticism. However, she didn't press the issue and instead had a suggestion. 

"Have you thought about a summer job? She asked with sincerity. 

I had but not seriously.

"You remember Mrs. Comanescu and her daughter Stacia, don't you?" she asked knowing full well I did.

"Stacia graduated high school this year and was accepted to Branbury State College on a gymnastics scholarship. But, her English is sub standard and she needs help." My mother stated factually.

We had lived next door to the Comanescu's until I was fifteen. The last time I saw Stacia, she was a gangly fourteen year old gymnastics phenom. They had emigrated to the United States from Romania when Stacia was eight years old. 

Because of her financial situation, Mrs. Comanescu couldn't afford a proper tutor for Stacia. Even at half the cost of a regular tutor the hourly pay was higher than what I would earn at the swim club. I eagerly accepted the offer.

Monday was the first lesson and the first time I saw Stacia in almost five years. When she opened the door, she was wearing a muted yellow bikini over a very muscular and lean body. I stood stunned at the sight and my pussy twitched. 

"You can see I've changed" Stacia said in her charming accent. 

Stacia's lustrous blonde hair was pulled back in a braided pony tail and her very pretty face had a smug expression. 

It was beautiful day and we started her lessons in the backyard. It was hard for me to concentrate with the blonde sexpot sitting in front of me in her teeny tiny bikini but I maintained my self control.

For the first week, I stared shamelessly at her fantastic body but I was able to assess Stacia's problem with English. She was lazy. 

We would finish about half the lesson when Stacia got bored and refused to cooperate. I wheedled and cajoled until I was blue in the face but it had no effect on her.

I grew more frustrated each day until Stacia came up with a suggestion. I had to do something for her in return for her dedication to the material. 

"What is she up to?" I thought to myself.

"I want to go topless." She demanded rather than asked. 

"When we're outside?" I asked incredulously.

"No, No, only in the house." She intoned in her cute accent.

I waited until she grew bored with the latest lesson and nervously agreed to her demand. With amazing speed, off came the top and I got my first look at her very hot tits.

Small but very firm naval orange size breasts capped with the cutest pink nipples. I had a hard time concentrating on the lesson as her boobs jutted proudly from her chest.

The little vixen was making me hot and bothered and she knew it. With her dark blonde hair and awesome muscular body, she resembled a young Wagnerian goddess. 

Somehow, I made it thru the rest of the day but at home I savagely fingered myself to several whopping orgasms. My craving for her beautiful body had melted my resolve to keep things on a professional level. 

For several days Stacia was content to remain topless as I ogled her tits. But, on Monday she was groaning and complaining when I started a new chapter.

"What's wrong now?" I asked with exasperation. 

"It's too hot. I want take bottoms off." she stated incorrectly in her thick accent. 

Stacia was right about one thing, it was the hottest day of the year. Anyway, I was dying to see her pussy and reluctantly agreed. 

We were seated at our usual spot at the kitchen table when Stacia stood up, wiggled her tight ass and did a sexy striptease. The bottoms landed at her feet and she sat on the edge of the chair in front of me. 

With a "cat who just caught the mouse" look on her face, Stacia kept opening and closing her legs daring me to look. I was powerless to look anywhere else. 

Stacia's outer lips had a pouty look and were yawing open revealing the moist pink interior. Her blonde bush was well trimmed on the sides culminating in a short cropped triangle above her mound. 

My pussy drooled and dripped from the erotic sight. With her feet on the edge of the chair and my eyes glued to her hot little pussy, she asked me in that cute accent;

"You hungry?"

Without knowing how I got there, I was on my knees in front of Stacia. I inhaled her rich scent and it acted like an aphrodisiac, filling me with hunger for her young snatch.

Stacia was staring at me intently as I clutched her muscular ass in my hands and brought her moisture laden pussy to my mouth. My tongue lapped her gash with a fervent need and she panted in short gasps. 

With my tongue sliding up, down and sideways, I feverishly lashed the sensitive flesh until Stacia's pussy bubbled and frothed with creamy juices.

As my tongue reamed Stacia's creaming pussy, I drew her succulent hot girl come into my mouth and let it slide oh so slowly down my throat. She had a tart/ pungent flavor but very fresh and mild. I wanted more and ate her turgid snatch with practiced zeal. 

Stacia moaned in ecstasy as I buried my tongue in her pulsating pussy, sucking her hot juices and teasing her clit with light licks. 

"Eat my pussy!" she kept moaning in her cute accent. 

As my tongue whipped Stacia's pussy into a gurgling pool of hot creamy fluids, her head flew back and forth in sheer bliss. 

I poked Stacia's oozing hole with my tongue tip and sucked her clit until she was practically screaming. Her muscular ass contracted over and over as she bucked her inflamed slit up and down on my raspy tongue. 

Stacia grabbed my head and pushed her engorged gash against my mouth burying my tongue in her undulating and swampy folds. Hot fresh secretions of juicy nectar burbled and pulsed into my gulping throat.

Suddenly, Stacia's legs imprisoned my head and she squeezed like a python. Her chest heaved in great panting gasps. She was in the throes of an orgasm. As I pumped my rigid tongue into her vaginal canal, her juice bloated pussy heaved and quaked. 

With each new contraction her body shook and went rigid. I knew I would eat her randy pussy any time she wanted me to.

When Stacia regained her senses, she was spent. I used a warm cloth to spruce up her privates and suggested we conduct any future sessions at the end of the lesson. She nodded her head in agreement. 

Stacia told me she knew I was hot for her from the first day when I looked her up and down. She said it made her so hot that her pussy throbbed with desire and dripped juice when she thought about me eating her out.

Almost daily, I feasted on her soggy slice and we rarely finished a lesson before I was on my knees with my face buried in her gash. 

It was mid summer when Stacia's cousin visited from New York. I met Elena and was smitten with her pretty looks and slim body. 

Elena bore a striking resemblance to Natalie Portman with long brunette hair. Her exotic look made my blood boil. Elena knew she was a hottie and had plenty of ego and self confidence for two people. One morning I was waiting for Stacia when I overheard her arguing with Elena. Elena spoke English with a slight accent.

"No girl can satisfy my sexual needs. I need a man." Elena boasted loudly.

Stacia was arguing in rebuttal but it fell on deaf ears.

"She's a novice; nothing more." Elena stated haughtily. 

I was positive Elena was referring to me.

After Stacia's lesson, which Elena interrupted several times, she invited me for pizza and some DVD watching. Her mother and Elena's mother would be out past midnight. 

Stacia graciously allowed me to use her shower and I reemerged in my bikini for some sunbathing. Three lounge chairs were arranged side by side in the back yard and I got my first good look at Elena's body. 

The only negative with Elena's slim, toned and tan body was a small almost non-existent chest. She was less than an "A" cup. 

Stacia had scored some wine coolers from a friend and we watched Elena guzzle several very quickly. She complained about the heat and removed her top. I gazed at her dark nipples with a small degree of hunger. 

Stacia and I quickly followed suit and sat gloriously topless. My body had matured since my visit with Karen in California and I was pleasantly surprised by Elena's fascination with my breasts. 

I had a slim and semi muscular body with a hot butt, brown hair and my best asset, very firm 34B tits with long cigar stub nipples. 

Elena stared with utter fascination at my tits. The unexpected attention hardened the nips into bullets. I decided to tease Elena, especially after her less than complimentary comments. I sat upright on the lounger with my chest thrust forward. I thought the poor kids eyes would pop right out of her head. Her tits were pimples compared to mine.

Elena was drooling over my tits when Stacia spoke up,

"She like your tits. Can she feel them?" 

"Sure!" I answered enthusiastically. 

We quickly adjourned to the family room for privacy and before I had a chance to get comfortable, Elena came up behind me and cupped my boobs. Gently, she squeezed the firm flesh and tweaked my aching nipples. 

"Ooh!" I purred my approval.

Elena felt me up for a long time, massaging, palming, tweaking and rolling my stiffened buds until my pussy quivered in anticipation. 

I cradled Elena's pretty head as she sucked and licked with hot passion and skill. My tits were on fire from her talented mouth and my pussy was wetter than a Louisiana bayou. 

Elena's tit worship had me gasping for air as she kept at my nipples with passionate fervor. I threw my head back in extreme pleasure as she nibbled the ends and thrust a hand into my bottoms. 

Talented fingers fondled my gooey slit and caressed my throbbing clit. I wanted her mouth on my snatch and the sooner the better. A head with brown hair dropped towards my swampy slice and I moved up and sat on the edge of the sofa. Elena gazed longingly at my dripping pussy. 

I couldn't wait any longer and I threw my legs over her shoulders. My throbbing and needy gash was on her mouth and Elena didn't waste any time as her tongue worked my pussy into a juicy bubbling fountain.

Elena sucked and ate my swollen snatch with incredible zeal. I was entranced by her tongue as it danced up and down my slit then drilled into my throbbing hole. 

Damn! The girl was good! Elena sucked my juice engorged pussy like a vacuum cleaner as hot bolts of current thundered thru my body. 

With animalistic need, Elena sucked my frothy juices down her throat. Using my butt as leverage, I ground my steaming pussy against her mouth and coated her face with my sticky discharge.

Elena's raspy tongue raked my slushy slit like a jackhammer and my besieged snatch exploded, convulsed and contracted. 

But, Elena's hunger had no limits and she gobbled my sensitive butt sending new and searing shock waves thru me. 

After several orgasms, I collapsed exhausted onto the floor and raised the white flag. I'd had enough for one day. 

It was a wild and memorable summer with Stacia and Elena. However, my tutoring position ended in late July and I quickly got bored.

My mother was full of suggestions that year and said they needed more swimmers for the summer meets. 

At the first practice, I met Kaleigh and was knocked out by her gorgeous body. She was about my height with a lean but muscular physique. Her body moved with a sensual grace and she swam like greased lightening. 

Kaleigh was model pretty in an exotic way. Deeply tan skin, fluid muscularity and a sweet disposition added to her overall allure. 

During practices and meets, Kaleigh had the aura of an invincible warrior. But, she was acutely naïve on a social level at parties and hanging out at each others houses.

As we got to know each other, I realized that Kaleigh had devoted much of her life to sports with little or no social interaction.

Eventually, we bonded as close friends and developed a high level of trust. We discussed everything, except, my sexual orientation. 

Although we were the same age, Kaleigh had an innocence that betrayed her lack of sexual experience. We discussed boys' but she had dated only a few and none were serious relationships. 

Eventually, Kaleigh admitted that she was still a virgin after one year of college. At first, I thought her parents were the overbearing type but that was quickly dispelled when I met them. 

Kaleigh's friendship was important to me but I lusted for her body. My shameless gawking and gaping at her nude body in the shower room seemed to have little effect on her. 

Kaleigh's lush darker coloration and wiry black pubes were a huge turn on. She fueled my masturbatory fantasies and I fingered my pussy to the point of abuse. 

On a weekend and when no meets were scheduled, I invited Kaleigh to a sleepover. It was the perfect way to discover her sexual leanings.

My folks were headed to the mountains and allowed me to stay behind. When Kaleigh arrived, I gave her the ten cent tour of the house and we stowed her stuff. 

As we were changing into our bikinis, Kaleigh caught me staring at her luscious nude body but looked away shyly. 

"Is something wrong with my body?" she asked timidly.

"No!" I practically shouted in response.

"You look at me a lot in the locker room and I thought something was wrong with my body." She said with supreme humility.

Kaleigh was easily the hottest girl on the swim team with the best body. 

"I was admiring your body. It's really hot looking!" I exclaimed a little too enthusiastically. 

Kaleigh turned every shade of red imaginable and gave the barest hint of a smile. 

Nothing more was said and we hit the pool deck in search of a deeper tan. 

After more than one hour of silence, Kaleigh spoke in a soft almost inaudible voice. 

"Did you really mean what you said earlier, you know, about me?" She asked in a very inquisitive way.

"Yes, you're a real hottie!" I declared with emotion. 

Kaleigh turned on her side facing me.

"Can I ask you something personal?" she said shyly and quietly.

"Sure, what is it?" I inquired.

"Have you ever been with, you know, somebody of the, ah, same sex?" She asked in a broken almost incomprehensible way. 

I weighed my next words carefully.

"Why do you ask?" I wondered in a sweet voice.

Kaleigh blushed again and stammered a few times.

"Kaleigh we're friends and you can tell me anything. But, to answer your question, yes, I have" I stated in a reassuring voice. 

Kaleigh looked relieved by my admission.

"Did you like it?" She inquired in a charming way.

"Not only did I like it, I loved it." I crowed my answer.

This time Kaleigh didn't blush and she had a relieved look on her face. After a huge sigh, she admitted her attraction to girls' and me in particular. 

Now it was my turn to be stunned and I gaped at her with genuine surprise. 

"Do you have any experience with girls?" I asked.

Kaleigh's sheepish look was all I needed for an answer and my mind searched for a way to get the proceedings underway. I decide to wait until bedtime and the intimacy of darkness.

When the clouds rolled in, our tanning opportunity vanished and I started preparing dinner. Kaleigh was a big help and chattered away with an ease and familiarity that belied her trust in me. Her secret was safe with me. 

After dinner we went to a local dance club and despite Kaleigh's shyness, had a great time. She met some of my friends and slow danced with Jeff, a very cute and personable guy. 

On the drive home, she waxed poetic about her experience. As we walked by the pool in my backyard, the water looked inviting to my sweaty body. I stripped out of my clothes in record time.

"Geronimo!" I yelled and hit the water with cannonball force. 

Kaleigh stood motionless and stared at my exuberant display in a perplexed way. Suddenly, her facial expression changed. It was though some internal debate was resolved and she slowly removed her clothing. When the last article was discarded, her nude body glowed with radiance in the moonlight.

With consummate precision, Kaleigh dove into the dark water. Her body slowly reemerged and she floated on her back with a placid expression on her countenance. 

I watched intently as Kaleigh's exquisitely long nipples jutted skyward and my pussy creamed at the erotic sight. 

I dove under Kaleigh's form and pinched her tight butt as I swam by. When I surfaced, her smiling but admonishing look fueled my libido. A slow approach was necessary and I had a powerful urge to kiss her. 

Kaleigh was resting her elbows on the side of the pool when I swam over to her. Her magnificent breasts were above the waterline and begging for some attention.

For the first time, I saw a desire, a yearning, in her dark eyes. She regarded me with the same intensity she brought to the swim meets. 

With outstretched arms, I pulled Kaleigh's wet body close and kissed her gingerly on the lips. The first few kisses affirmed her desire and my tongue searchingly invaded her mouth.

Kaleigh was more passionate than anyone previous. Perhaps it was the years of self denial but she kissed me with incredible zeal.

Kaleigh's hands groped and squeezed my butt. It surprised me and I reveled in the sensation. She kissed down my face and sucked my neck with hickey type force. It was obvious that she had waited a long time for this to happen and once it started there was no turning back.

As Kaleigh kissed down my chest, I palmed and squeezed her exquisite nipples. A series of multiple groans escaped her lips as she tenderly sucked the flesh on my neck. 

My talented fingers manipulated Kaleigh's straining tits with gentle tweaks, twirls and pinches. Momentarily I stepped back and the overwhelming sight of her very long and rigid protrusions inflamed my lust. 

"Oh! Oh! Ah!" she panted and gasped as my mouth suckled the turgid chocolate stubs. 

With my free hand, I fingered Kaleigh's soggy slit and it drove her wild. 

"Oh! It feels sooo good!" she shrieked loud enough to wake the entire neighborhood. 

Slowly, I inserted a finger into Kaleigh's slobbering hole and pumped away. When my thumb gingerly strummed her clit, she tossed her head from side to side, completely lost in the pleasurable sensations. 

"OH!" she wailed in one long unbroken stream and reared back in orgasmic fury.

Kaleigh"s muscular body shook with force as I maintained my assault on her pussy and boobs. Her breath burst in ragged blasts from her lungs and it was well over two minutes before it returned to normal. 

Kaleigh held me in her steely embrace and gazed at me with a pensive look that dissolved to one of gratitude.

"Thank You." She said very shyly and rested her head on my shoulder.

We were both shivering as we exited the pool and ran to my bedroom. As we lay on my bed making out, my hands roamed all over her body and my gaze drifted south until it alighted on her dark hairy mound. 
