 Miss is ready for bed. She's wearing her pink silk teddy. She smiles as she enters her bed chamber and Kim jumps to her feet.

Malissa is the black sheep of the family.

She didn't stay married to the young man from their 'class' for long. Neither of them could keep up the lie. 

She was gay. A lesbian. Had always known it. Not one of those silly 'discovered one wild night at school' excuses. She was the predator in the dorm.

In spite of her family's threats to disown her and cut her out of her inheritance, cooler heads eventually prevailed.

Now she lives in her own modest twenty room house located on ten acres of manicured lawns and ornamental gardens on the edge of the city.

With her PHD in economics, and law degree (never dirtied her hands with criminal law) she's a partner in her uncle's law firm, and on the board of several mega corporations.

There are only two things in her life that are not wonderfully fabulously grand.

One: she is not beautiful. On a scale from ugly to stunning she'd barely makes 'plain' if dressed like a 'commoner.'

Two: Her inability to form a lasting relationship.

The former she won't do anything about. She's comfortable with her looks.

The later she uses her wealth to compensate for.

She hires a rotating group of five 'Special Girls' to be her companions. They are paid well and receive a generous 'golden parachute' at the end of their three year contract.

Qualifications? Lesbian or bi. Non smoker or druggie. Pleasant and well spoken, pretty, and age between twenty five and thirty five.

Every Monday one is chosen at random to be her 'wife' for the week. She never knows who it will be until bedtime.

This week it's Kim, the beautiful daughter of Vietnamese boat people.

The beautiful Kim replaced the lovely Judy who's contract ended a year ago.

Kim was an usher at a charity fashion show in Vancouver that one of Miss's companies sponsored. Her 'gaydar' went into alert. Miss got Kim's contact details from the manager of the show and sent the gay lad from the law firm's HR department to interview her. 

And here she is. her dark almond eyes. Her sweet little mouth with that smile that always seems to say 'I'm vulnerable, please don't hurt me.' Hurt my Kimmy? Or any of my Special Girls? Never!

Tonight she's dressed so elegantly sexy. Red lipstick matching the varnish on her finger and toe nails. No other makeup needed on her smooth yellow skin (my God, is that politically correct to think?). Her hair is up off her slender neck, held with diamond headed pins so her diamond pendulum earrings and diamond necklace twinkle in the subdued lighting.

Wrapped around her shoulders and flowing over her elbows is a grey fur wedding stole. Her ankle length lace nightie is see through material hinting at lovely, bare, smooth, trim Kim. Her dainty feet are in sexy spike heels with sweet little silver bows.

Miss, of course, pays for all her Special Girl's clothing and jewelry, in fact all their expenses.

Kim lifts and opens her arms, inviting Miss to her embrace. They kiss and hug for a long time. Miss loves the feel of fur. Her darlings had thought of that when they dressed Kim for this week's 'wedding night.' The soft fur against her arms and between her fingers as she gently held Kim.

"You look so beautiful tonight Kim. You always look beautiful."

"You do to Miss."

"Oh sweetie, I know I'm an ugly old fifty year old witch, but thank you for saying it."

"Aw Miss, don't put yourself down like that."

They kiss some more.

"I'm your present. Will you unwrap me Darling?"

Four month's here and Kim still delights her by coming out with phrases like that.

Miss reaches under the fur and undoes the satin bow that closes it over Kim's shoulders. 

Kim shrugs it off and snuggles it to her cheek. "I love the feel of fur." She licks her lips.

Miss is momentarily caught in a fantasy. Kim in a full length red fox fur cuddled to Miss's bare body. That would be beyond wonderful

Miss gently takes the fur from Kim and sets it over the chair She takes off Kim's jewelry. The pins removed, Kim's long black hair tumbles down her back.

She wraps Kim into her arms. One hand strokes Kim's bare back while the other undoes the bow behind Kim's neck that holds her lace nothing up. She steps back. It falls to the floor. She smiles. Kim smiles.

Kim, only her white lace panties and spike heels. It's Miss's turn to lick her lips.

She puts her arm around Kim's waist and walks her to the big soft bed. The Russian sable blanket is folded back. The wine red satin sheets are inviting. She sits Kim on the edge of the bed. She sinks to her knees on the thick soft carpet. She strokes and kisses down Kim's legs and removes her shoes. She kisses each red perfect toe. Such delicate little feet. At barely five feet tall everything about her Kimmy is delicate.

She kisses back up Kim, stopping to suck those hard brown nipples. She kisses up to Kim's sweet rose bud lips, then pushes her down onto the soft mattress and kisses some more.

Miss slides back, kissing all the way. Kim lifts her butt so Miss cam slide the lace panties off. Down on her knees she kisses all over Kim's bikini trimmed bush and soft pussy.

Miss stood and dropped her nightie to the carpet. At five foot seven her body shape is 'solid'. Not fat, just strong. Her waist isn't thin. There's little curve to her torso. Her ample breasts are just starting to droop. She has nice legs. Her brown hair is styled to just below her ears.

On Thursday, Clara, last week's 'bride', talked Miss into letting her shave Miss's beaver right off when she shaved her legs. It was still titillating to look at herself in the mirror.

Kim slid the rest of the way into bed and opened her arms. "Please Miss?"

A wonderful manifestation of passive aggressive behavior.

Miss climbed aboard and held her little Kim down. Her kisses became more aggressive. Kim responded in kind. She slid a hand down and began stroking Kim's pussy. She slid a leg over Kim's and they began humping each other's legs.

Kim wasn't a screamer like Ann, but she wasn't silent like Clara.

Quiet little happy sounds. "Ah, mm, oh, oh."

Then when she was close, whispering "Please please please."

Then she came with a sweet, satisfied "Aaaahhhh."

Kim kissed her way down to the smooth shaved pussy. "Mm. Looks like this could use some kisses."

Miss lay her head back on the pillow and pinched her own nipples as Kim kissed her sex. Kim's thumbs spread her open. She kissed and licked. Miss closed her eyes and enjoyed being in the moment.

Soft kisses, tender licks. Tongue lips and fingers. Kim began to hum as she kissed and licked. Her finger stroked the 'G' spot as the tip of her tongue dabbed Miss's clit. Wave after wave of pleasure washed through Miss.

They kissed and cuddled some more.

Kim's head was under Miss's chin and arm over her waist when they dozed off.

In the morning they showered together and dressed.

Miss wore a peach business suit, almond two inch pumps, and a cream blouse with a high collar and subtle diamond earrings with a short matching necklace.

Kim a knee length blue silk, short sleeve silk dress with a scoop collar and little silver buttons every inch down the front. On her feet were tan leather flats. The dress was an Easter present.

Miss gave her Girls, and all the staff hand picked presents often. Unless the economy collapsed completely and civilization broke down she could never spend all her wealth in several lifetimes. So, why not?

Ann and Clara are morning people so they join Miss and Kim at breakfast. It'll be late morning before Tiffany and Bella are seen.

"I've a morning at the law firm. Would any of you like to ride in? We could meet for lunch.

Kim and Clara both said yes.

"Kimmy, call for the car. We'll leave at eight. Clara, make a lunch reservation at 'The Triple Six' for twelve thirty." Mrs. Donovan, the head of the household staff was at the grand entrance to see them off, of course.

"Kelly, could you do me a little favor, please?"

"Of course Miss." 

"Could you arrange for a car to bring Tiffany, Ann and Bella to the 'Triple Six' for half past twelve?"

"Of course Miss, my pleasure."

"Thank you Dear, say hello to the family."

The driver got them to the doors of the law office in plenty of time. As Miss went inside the two Girls walked towards the shopping district.

As usual, when the morning's work ended Uncle Willy's secretary had called down for the car. As Miss stepped out to the street the car was at the curb and the driver just opening it's door.

"Could you take me to the 'Triple Six' George?"

"Right away Mam."

When the Bentley pulled from the curb Miss rolled down the smoked glass partition. "George, you know my name is 'Melissa' so please call me 'Miss'. People won't think you're being impertinent."

"Thank you Miss."

"How's that sailor son, Greg, doing?"

"Hardly see him Miss. He's match racing in Puerto Rico, then off to France for the start of an ocean race he's skipper on."

"What an exciting life. 

"We'll probably be more than a few hours, so have a good long break. And George, use the damn company credit card for your lunch. That's what it's for, and don't skimp."

"Yes Miss."

"I mean it George. Don't use your own money."

"OK I promise."

Lunch involved a lot of chatting and laughing. All those well dressed pretty young ladies with an elegantly dressed older lady were not exactly invisible to the other diners.

When the check came Miss handed it to Kim to sign. She didn't just glance and sign, she looked it over then called the waiter.

"This line here. A bottle of wine? We had coffee, not wine. And there are six of us. Why are we charged with seven meals?"

"Oh sorry Mam. Minor mistake I'll..."

"Is there a problem Ladies?" The owner.

"Just a minor error." said the waiter.

"Yes there is. We were charged for a bottle of wine we didn't have and an extra meal."

In a low voice the owner said, "David. Go to my office please."

The waiter lifted his chin arrogantly and stalked away.

The owner tore the bill in two and slipped it into his pocket.

"Ladies, please accept my sincerest apologies. If there is anything else I can do for you please let me know."

The other diners watched them as they left.

In the lift down to street level Kim spoke up. "I hope I didn't embarrass you Miss."

"No Dear. You handled that perfectly." She gave Kim's hand a little squeeze.

"Now Darlings, it's almost the middle of October. We need to get some warm coats before the snow flies. Follow me."

They walked a block to an upscale furrier.

When they entered the owner, who proclaimed his faith with 

scull cap and a 'Star of David' pin beside the Canadian flag pin on his jacket rushed over.

"Madame, Ladies, so wonderful to see you. How may I assist you?"

"Now Abe, you know my name is 'Miss', so how is your family?"

"We continue to be blessed, Miss. And yourself?"

"We are all fine, but these ladies need some warm winter coats. Perhaps your staff could assist?"

Abe snapped his fingers and the entire staff rushed over. All were family.

"Now Girl's, you know the rules. Don't look at the price tag, try everything that strikes your fancy, take your time, choose your favorite. Abe, this is Kim. She'd like to see something in a red fox, maybe with a hood."

"Perhaps a matching hat?"

"That, Abe darling, is why we come to you. Lead on sir.

"You can choose something else if you want Dear, I just think red fox would look good on you."

They decided on a full length with the fur aligned vertically and big loose sleeves that bunched together at the wrist. Of course they got the matching hat.

"Do you think I wouldn't look too much like a polar bear in a white one Kim?"

"Oh Baby, there you go again, putting yourself down. Abe what do you think? Something in white fur Missy would look elegant and sophisticated in."

"Come this way, I've a few ideas that I think our lady would look lovely in."

When everyone had chosen they had a mini fur fashion show in the store. Miss was practically drooling as she put her pin in the credit card reader. 'Yummy, bring on winter' she thought.

Abe's son would deliver the furs tomorrow.

That night as they petted and kissed in the bed chamber Miss said to Kim, "I loved it when you called me 'Missy', Daddy called me that if Mother was out of hearing range. She insisted my name was 'Melissa Elizabeth' and that was what I was to be called.

Kim's beautiful black eyes looked into Missy's as she stroked the back of Miss's cheek with her knuckles. Miss's heart melted.

"Will you cuddle me tonight Kimmy?"

Without a word Kimmy stood. Taking both Missy's hands she led her, walking backwards to the bedside.

Silently, with a little kiss with each button she undid, and each zipper she pulled open, and a long slow sweet kiss with each article of clothing she removed, Kim undressed Miss.

She gently pushed Miss back to sit on the edge of the bed. Kim slowly undressed for Miss.

"Move over Baby. Make room for your Kimmy."

Soon they were wrapped together, Missy's cheek to Kim's shoulder. Kim stroked her hair and shoulders as she whispered sweet soothing things in Miss's ear.

Miss was soon asleep. A beautiful relaxed smile on her face, one hand cupping Kim's mouthful size left breast.

Kim slipped to dreamland with a contented smile.

Miss opened her eyes. Kim was sitting on the edge of the bed. Her fluffy white terry shorty robe's sash was untied.

"It's six AM Dear. You've got a full day scheduled, Time to get you showered and dressed. I've laid out your clothes."

This was new. "Yes Kimmy. Right away Mam!" She giggled. Miss never giggled.

By the time she used the toilet Kim was in the shower waiting. Soapy, slippery and sexy.

She had a soap puff, and proceeded to wash Miss, then shampoo her hair. Then reaching around from behind, she gave her a very satisfying shower finger fuck. When Miss started to return the favor Kim said, "No Baby, I can wait. Lets get you dressed."

"I bought these for you yesterday."

First was a very lacy white bra. Kim took her time

adjusting it just right on Miss.

"I saw you didn't have one of these. I think you'll look and feel very sexy in it."

It was a tiny white lace thong.

Miss looked at herself in the mirror. Right on both count. She didn't own a thong, and she felt very sexy wearing it. Kim sat her on the chair and knelt between her legs. She kissed each foot, then rolled white nylons up Miss's legs. Lots of smoothing and stroking were involved.

Laid out over the arm of the couch was a pastel blue bow collar blouse with tiny pearl buttons. A four cm pearl broach was at it's throat.

Next was a robin's egg blue skirt and jacket set. The Italian silk skirt fell to just below her knees, the belt was just a shade darker blue with a big silver buckle.

Pearl earrings and a short two row pearl necklace were elegantly subtle.

Pointed toe two inch French blue heels, a brush of her hair and some makeup, Miss was ready.

They stood side by side in front of the full length mirror. Kim's arm gently around Missy's waist, her terry robe completely open. Her hand slipped down and rubbed Missy's tush. They both smiled.

"And what's my Kimmy going to wear?"

"That's something for you to find out when you get home Beautiful." She handed Miss her briefcase.

Curiosity kept simmering in the back of Missy's mind all day. It didn't distract her from her work. The meeting was like most. An hour to do ten minute's work. The rest of the day though was quite productive.

It was past six when she finally got home. Her Girls were all exquisitely, beautifully dressed when she arrived.

"Kim's gone to get some before dinner finger food, she'll meet us in the den." said Bella when Missy asked.

Kim floated into the room on silver flats that just peaked out from under her ankle length pastel green, silver and white printed skirt. Her dark green long sleeve angora sweater just called out 'cuddle me!' 

Missy knew it was worth the wait. She wanted to throw her Kimmy on the carpet, crawl under her silk skirt and eat her right then and there in front of everybody.

"Oh, pardon. Still thinking about work dear. Yes Chardonnay would be fine." Was she blushing? Did they know what she was actually thinking? Probably, and she loved them for it.

A maid brought the tray of appetizers. They sat and chatted. Since Kim was this week's bride she sat on the couch beside Miss. At dinner she sat to her left.

After dinner Miss changed to a short sleeve knee length red dress as the Girls were choosing a movie. She and Kimmy cuddled together on the love seat in the TV room. From the corner of her eye Miss noticed Ann and Bella were paying more attention to each other's lips than the movie. Nice, sweet.

On their way to Missy's bed chamber she whispered, "Get your new coat, I'd like a private fashion show, sweetie."

Needless to say when Kim arrived, Miss was wearing only her smile and her thong.

Cuddling Kim in her fur, and her cuddling back, was as scrumptious as Miss had imagined. 

Kim's fingers pulled Miss's thong down. They sat on the couch and cuddled. They kissed and stroked. Kim slid to her knees and spread Missy's legs.

She began kissing. 

Being slowly eaten by her Kim wrapped in fur was beyond wonderful. The soft fur against her legs. The sensuous fur sleeves as Kim stroked her. Those precious rosebud lips, that talented tongue, those dexterous fingers as Kimmy delved into her secret place. Heaven!

Her Kim took her way over the top several times.

She bent down and kissed Kim's sweet lips, then scooped her up and carried Kim to the big soft bed. She gently lay Kim down, climbed in beside her, and opened the front of the fox fur. Against the satin lining was bare, sweet, smooth, soft Kim. 

From the top drawer in the bedside table Miss took her realistic pink strapon and a tube of lube. Kim smiled and spread her legs in anticipation as Miss adjusted and lubed it up.

Soon she had Kim holding Missy's shoulders tight, her face pressed to Missy's boobs, and her heels drumming her butt.

"Please, please, please, please...Aaahhh!"

They both woke in the very early morning. The strapon tossed aside, Kim still in her fur. They kissed and whispered. Kim maneuvered Miss onto her back, slipped around on top, the with the red fox draped over both of them they ate each other to a satisfying sixty nine mutual climax.

Kim tossed her coat aside and they pulled up the top sheet and snuggled off to sleep.

They slept until the clock radio woke them at seven. Unusual for Miss to sleep in that late.

Today she worked from her home office.

At lunch she asked Kim how her parents thought about her sexual orientation.

"Mother was a bit shaken up when I told her, and said she's tell Father. At supper that night he said one reason they came to Canada is because of it's freedom of religion, and he was proud of me and my brothers, and he knew we'd never do anything to dishonor the family. And that was all that was ever said."

Miss tried marketing her idea. It was a flop, but she still had the prototype, a double width office chair.

"Love, come, sit with me while I read these reports." So nice, having Kimmy snuggled to her side as she read the boring financial reports in the screen

"Wait Miss!"

"What?"

"Line twenty six. Shouldn't it be the sum of line fifteen and sixteen on the last page?"

Miss flipped screens back and forth. "You're right. Ten thousand disappeared there someplace."

She dialed a preset number. "May I speak to Omar when he's free, dear?"

The lady on the other end put Miss right through.

"Omar. Hello, how are you today?"..."Yes, fine, now the reason I'm calling is I'd like to have a word with you"..."Yes, Thank you, be there in an hour."
