 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Despite Robin's teasing suggestion, Cyn did not return to the poker table sans clothing. She only had ten minutes left after the thorough fucking she'd gotten from Steve's immense cock, so she merely put on a casual dress and refastened her bra, foregoing any kind of panties. 

Steve's cock wasn't her first experience with a large penis, but his may have been the largest, and she'd certainly not dealt with one that big for a while. She knew she was walking funny as her insides readjusted to not having ten inches of meat slammed into them, and the wonderful soreness felt like it would take a bit to subside. 

As she expected, the second game had more players in it, including Bill, Sylvia, and Vincent, while the more timid members rotated out. Robin did not sit, but she was in the room and Cyn guessed at the reason. Based on Syl's stories from earlier, Cyn thought only a few of her high-value chips would be in antes at this point; they'd all be in the possession of other players. Players who Robin was not good enough to overcome at the table. 

Cyn wanted to keep her new poker chops under wraps and bet only on antes with Robin's chips. She hoped that would let her play in and win few enough hands that her victories could be passed off as a fluke, but she quickly found out that wasn't going to work. The antes were up at thirty-five and at least every other lot had one of Robin's chips in it. They were usually skies or lipsticks rounding off the top, but two of the antes were all hers and had some green chips, meaning someone was trading even those up, aiming to collect seriously high-value favors from Robin. 

Cyn couldn't bet on every ante with Robin's chips and keep her new approach and skills hidden. She also didn't have the cards to back it up most of the time. Whenever a green chip of Robin's turned up Kathy would push the limit if she had the cards, although Cyn caught her bluffing once. 

An ante completely of Robin's chips, a grass and a sky, came down and Cyn was in for a hundred after the flop. She wasn't worried, though, because she was sitting on three aces; two in her hand, one on the table with a King and a nine. The ace-king combination worried her; another face card coming down opened the possibility of a straight that could blow her hand out of the water. 

The next card was another King and Cyn almost forgot to react because she'd been practicing against it so much. She let an obvious smile light up her face very quickly, as if she'd slipped and then remembered. Vincent and Bill, the other two players besides Kathy, folded at that but Kathy stayed and studied Cyn. She still had her predatory smile but Cyn thought she saw uncertainty in the woman's' eyes. 

"Seventy," Kathy opened, immediately betting the limit. 

Cyn called immediately and the river card was a ten. Cyn looked at Kathy and saw her eyes widen. Kathy bet seventy again, and she used a gold orange to do it. Cyn felt a thrill but hesitated. She assumed Kathy made the straight, which her full house would still beat, but if Kathy was holding a pair of kings she had four of a kind, and her elation would have come from the ten not being another ace. However, Cyn hadn't remembered seeing Kathy react at all when the second King came down. 

Wondering if she was about to hand over two hundred of her chips to Kathy, Cyn called. 

"Full house dear, tens and kings," Kathy said, showing a pair of tens in her hands. 

"I think aces and kings still beats that?" Cyn asked, trying to keep most of the snark out of her reply. 

Kathy almost snarled as Cyn gathered her chips and Cyn knew she was on Kathy's hit list now. She laid low for the next few hands, even when another ante came up with one of Robin's grass chips. Fortunately, it went to Vincent; Kathy didn't have the cards to force the issue and folded after the flop. Given the number of Robin's green chips showing up in antes Cyn didn't think a full set was floating around yet, but as more of her chips were anted out it was a definite possibility. 

The game wrapped up in the early morning per usual and people started to mill about negotiating chips with Carl or favors with everyone else. Cyn was gathering her winnings when she heard heavy footfalls coming straight for her. She looked up in time to see Kathy stop next to her with a dangerous glint in her eye. Her hand snaked out and shoved a number of chips into Cyn's cleavage, then she grabbed Cyn's head and pulled her into a rough kiss. 

Cyn's lip got pinched between Kathy's teeth and the woman's tongue invaded before Cyn could react. Then Cyn felt Kathy's other hand claw her ass, seemingly trying to push through her dress to get at skin. 

"Kathy!" a harsh voice sounded next to them. Kathy's head was pulled away and Cyn inhaled deeply, then sank into her chair. 

Vincent stood by, one of his arms holding Kathy by the shoulder as she looked down at Cyn with a sneer. The other spa goers in the room had turned to look at the scene and Carl walked over. 

"What the fuck, Kathy!?" Carl nearly shouted. 

"I paid for the favor," Kathy insisted innocently. She gestured to Cyn's chest. Reaching in, Cyn fished out two of her own cloud and canary chips from who knows when. 

"You didn't allow her to acknowledge them. You basically assaulted her," Vincent stated. His tone was even and quiet, but it scared Cyn more than Carl's yell had. 

It even seemed to have an effect on Kathy, who seemed to suddenly realize she'd pushed too far. "I'm sorry. I'll pay the penalty, obviously." 

"Forty," Carl snapped immediately, "to Cyn and the bank." 

"Yes," Kathy said, reaching into her bag. Cyn expected a minimum count of chips but she ended up with four lipsticks and two skies from the woman. Cyn looked up in confusion. 

"A gift," Kathy said, "to show I'm actually sorry." She walked off with Carl to settle her payment to the bank. 

"Are you all right?" Vincent asked. 

He was moving closer and Cyn didn't want to deal with him right then, between what just happened and her lingering issues. "I'm fine, just...I need space," Cyn said. She stood quickly and gathered her chips, then almost ran up the stairs all the way to the second floor. She found the bedroom she'd used with Bill and Syl before and darted in, closing the door behind her. She leaned against the wall as if she was doing a standing push-up and tried to control her breathing; she felt like she was about to hyperventilate. 

It took Cyn a few minutes to get her breathing under control, and once she did she felt like she'd run to the house from the campus. Her heart was still pounding in her ears, so when the door opened quietly she didn't hear it. She almost screamed when someone touched her, but she recognized the thin, soft arms of Syl as they circled around her from behind. Syl was a little shorter than Cyn, so she planted soft kisses on the back of Cyn's neck as she held the freshman and helped her calm down. 

Cyn never started crying, but she did have to wipe away tears once she got herself under control. She gripped the arms wound around her and pulled Syl in closer, enjoying the embrace a little longer. 

But she couldn't finish without a tease. "I don't remember getting any cloud chips, pet," Cyn whispered. 

"Does mistress want to punish me?" Syl asked, but Cyn could both hear and feel the smile as she did. 

"No," Cyn replied. "Where's your master?"

"Just outside the door," she replied, "I told him...I told him he should wait." 

"Oh? Well this time I need you to wait," Cyn said. She spun and gave Syl a tight hug, trying to say thanks without breaking their roles. Syl returned it and her expression seemed to say she understood. 

Cyn slipped out the door and found Bill standing just on the other side. He gave Cyn a big hug when he saw she was all right. 

"Geez, everybody's copping free feels all of a sudden," Cyn quipped. 

Bill chucked. "So, is there a reason you came out and Syl didn't?" he asked

"It's about that favor I mentioned earlier." 

*****

Cyn sauntered back into the bedroom where Syl waited. 

"Is master coming?" she asked. 

"No, pet, I'm borrowing you for the night," Cyn replied as she took Syl's hand. "Your mistress needs your help." 

"How?" 

Cyn showed Syl the full stack of her skies that Bill had given her when they had their chat just outside the door. "Mistress needs to know how to go down on a woman. You're going to present your pussy and tell me how to make you cum, then let me practice on you until I'm sure I can do it well." 

"Mistress, I'm not an expert-"

"How many women has master had you eat out?" Cyn interrupted. 

"Five...maybe six," Syl replied. 

"That's five or six more than I have, not counting you," Cyn said, punctuating her sentence by running her fingers hard up between Syl's legs. Syl was wearing slacks rather than a skirt or dress, but the look in Syl's eyes told Cyn that she was excited. 

"Mistress," Syl gasped, "...Mistress needs to bare me first." 

Cyn wanted to simply sit on the bed and ask Syl questions, perhaps take part in some demonstration, but improving her skills at cunnilingus was only one of her missions. "Does pet have some suggestions about that, or should I simply strip you as I see fit?" 

"If it were me," Syl began, then paused as Cyn tweaked one of Syl's nipples through her shirt. Syl seemed to rarely wear a bra, particularly at the spa house. "If it were me, I would say yes," Syl continued, "The roughness and the aggression excite me. But for a more inexperienced woman, or one you want to be tender with, I would go slow. Caress and kiss the skin as it is bared. Avoid obvious zones like the mouth, neck, or breasts until she signals to you it is her desire." 

"Unless I'm teasing, right, pet?" Cyn said. By now she'd moved behind Syl, who shifted forward away from the headboard. Cyn now sat behind her, and ran her hands over Syl's shoulders and chest, but avoided sliding down to cup the smaller breasts of the woman in front of her. Syl's breathing slowed and she seemed to react to the sensuality more than the submission as Cyn's approach softened. Syl wore a silky button-down blouse and Cyn gradually undid the buttons as her hands wandered across the girl's chest and stomach, eventually undoing all the fastenings. As she pulled the shirt down as if taking off a robe, Syl arched her back to press more into Cyn's chest and expose her own. 

"Remember in many ways what you like the woman will like," Syl said, her mouth now close enough to Cyn's ear that she could sensually whisper with barely any tone. "And some things are universal; few men or women will complain about feeling skin contact." 

Cyn got the hint and pressed gently on Syl's back to get her to lean forward. Cyn had ditched her bra before coming back in to see Syl; Bill now held it, and Cyn had teased that he could do whatever he felt was appropriate with it. Cyn removed her dress in one motion, leaving her naked in the bed. She reached forward and pulled the girl back toward her, settling her between her legs and against her chest. Syl was thin enough that she almost fit into Cyn's cleavage. 

"Breasts are different among us women, as you may know," Syl said, "Mistress likes her breasts fondled all over, and her nipples tenderly stimulated, I think?" 

To accompany her assumptions, Syl's hand came up and began cupping Cyn's tits. The angle was awkward, but the contact and the stimulation were still enough to excite Cyn. Unfortunately, Cyn thought, allowing Syl to service her defeated the purpose. She grabbed Syl's wrists, but gently.

"Mistress needs to be taught, not titillated, pet," Cyn whispered into her ear, punctuating the statement with a kiss under her ear. "Continue teaching," Cyn said, but she also kept nibbling and licking under Syl's ear and along her neck. 

"Ohh Mistress..." Syl sighed, "You learn well. Pet's breasts are small, and groping provides little for me. If pet's nipples are played with though, it is waooooooh-" 

Cyn had interrupted by suddenly grabbing Syl's nipples and squeezing. Cyn hoped she'd guessed the right amount of pressure to put Syl in a place where her stimulation and submission were both triggered. Even if she hadn't got it perfect, Syl's moan and her faster breathing suggested Cyn had gotten at least something right. 

"Mistress you must stop!" Syl moaned, "Or I will be unable to teach." 

Cyn let her hands roam down to Syl's hips and stomach as she continued kissing the girl's neck. 

"Look to the girl to see how she responds, and how much her breasts affect her sex. The same is true with the derriere." 

As she said this, Syl leaned away and got up on her knees, presenting her ass while putting her chest and head on the bed. Cyn reached up and pulled Syl's pants and panties down in one motion, smirking to herself as she saw some juices trail as the panties came away from Syl's sex. As she pulled, she began planting kisses on Syl's ass cheeks, moving herself to her knees in the process. 

"And what is pet's ass like?" Cyn asked, "Does she prefer kissing? Maybe light clawing or scratching? A little nip or a bite?" 

As Cyn listed the possible things she could do to Syl's ass, she provided an example of each. Syl's light moaning suggested that Cyn's approach was stimulating, even if the specific action might not be doing anything. Cyn was confused as she continued rubbing Syl's ass but got no response. Then she realized what Syl was doing. 

Cyn reared back and slapped one of Syl's cheeks. The girl was so thin that her ass had barely any padding when she bent over, and Cyn thought she might have hit bone given how her hand felt, but a small groan from Syl told her she'd guessed right. 

"Apologies, Mistress. I will try to answer quicker." 

Cyn slapped the other cheek, forcing out another groan. "Do you like spankings, pet, is that it?" 

"Sometimes Mistress. If I have been naughty, and it is part of the punishment, pet is even more excited by spanking. Otherwise my ass is not worth attending. Unless Mistress wishes to explore...a specific area?" 

Cyn paused and thought for a moment. She had avoided ass play up to this point in any sexual situation, but she Remembered how good Syl's attentions on her own rosebud had felt two weeks ago. Cyn brought one of her hands over and trailed her middle finger through Syl's crack, pressing slightly on the puckered hole as she passed. 

"Mmmm," Syl moaned as her fingers caressed the opening, "You will always get a reaction, and quickly, playing with the ass. Some girls want light touching with fingers or tongue. Others want perhaps a finger or tongue inside. That requires lubrication. Make sure your finger is wet." 

Cyn felt safer with Syl than she had with any other partner. She wasn't sure if it was because of a connection she'd formed with the woman in a short time, through sex and other arrangements, or if it was the submissive role Syl was adopting, but either way it gave Cyn the courage to do what she did next. 

Mentally telling herself she needed to jump in or she'd never get there, she shoved her face into Syl's crack and practically speared her tongue into the girl's asshole. She got resistance immediately, and Syl's sphincter was far stronger than Cyn's tongue. But as Cyn's tongue swirled around, she felt the muscles relax. She expected to push through an intense smell or taste, but other than a hint of earthy flavor, it was much weaker than she'd found going down on a girl or even a guy. 

"Mistress remembers what pet did that first time, I think," Syl said through breathy gasps. "Pet enjoys this, but not all will. As pet said, they will let you know quickly." 

Cyn and Syl came to a sort of unspoken agreement that the lesson would get a break while Cyn rimmed her for a while. Eventually Syl's ass relaxed enough that Cyn was basically tongue-fucking her asshole. Syl moaned into the sheets, and at one point Syl grabbed Cyn's hand and placed it firmly on her ass cheek, squeezing it. Cyn got the hint and began kneading the flesh there, allowing her nails to dig in as well. 

After a bit Cyn pulled back. Syn moaned in frustration, and Cyn saw the asshole clench a few times as if looking for the tongue that had left it. In response Cyn grinned mischievously and brought her middle finger up, sliding it into the vacant hole quickly and smoothly. 

"My mouth was busy with something, pet," Cyn said, "So I had to use my own pussy to lubricate this finger. I hope you don't mind." Syl moaned in response and Cyn continued pumping. Syl's ass clenched down on her finger hard, and the girl started rocking back against the penetration as well." 

"Mistress...pet needs more if she is to cum," Syl said, begging. 

"Pet has not told mistress what she is to do. How can I be expected to please my pet if she won't tell me how?" 

At this point Syl was clearly worked up and experiencing waves of pleasure that interrupted what she said. "That...is a good point mistress. Women may have special needs or requests. If you can, you should ask for feedback." 

"Of course your mistress has a good point pet," Cyn said, and drove her finger in especially deep, getting another moan from Syl. "Now should I start licking from this position?"

"It would be...difficult mistress. Your tongue...hmmm...your tongue may not reach my clit, which it needs to, and your hand is in an awkward place. It would...mmm...be easier if pet could lie on her back and remove her pants completely." 

"Do that, pet," Cyn said dismissively, "See that you don't injure me." 

Cyn was very aware that a sudden move by Syl while her finger was lodged in the girl's ass could be disastrous, but she got a perverse pleasure watching Syl try to start from what was more or less a downward dog position, remove her pants, and spin to lie on her back without kicking Cyn or dislodging her finger. Cyn, meanwhile, had her other fingers busy down her own pants, rubbing the copious juices she produced around on her own clit. 

Eventually Syl got in position and spread her legs almost straight out again, displaying her reddened, swollen, and wet pussy fully to Cyn's view as her hand still pumped a finger in and out of the girl's ass. 

"If...if you...if Mistress were starting, some kisses and licks on the lips or thighs might excite the girl. But if Mistress starts as you did with me, the girl will be begging for release. The fastest method is to lick and suck on the clit, while fingers or toys are inserted." 

Cyn shifted and leaned forward, forcing Syl to slide back on the bed. The girl's head actually leaned off one end as Cyn got into position to brace on her knees and elbows. Cyn brought her hand reluctantly out of her own pants and pushed into Syl's pussy. The tunnel was dripping with juices and her finger slid in while barely touching the walls. She knew friction was key here and inserted a second finger without prompting, causing Syl to arch her back and moan her loudest moan yet. Cyn established a rhythm with both hands pumping in and out of Syl's holes. Meanwhile Cyn brought her mouth down on her clit and began lapping at it, the tangy taste of Syl's stimulation soaking onto her tongue. 

"Mistress...Mistress will make me cum. Ohh Mistress needs no more instruction." 

Cyn suddenly stopped all hand movement and lifted her head away from Syl's pussy. A great, frustrated groan burst from the girl and she pulled her head up to look at Cyn with a pleading, hurt, and desperately horny expression. 

"I say when you are done instructing me pet!" Cyn said. "Now you will have to tell me how to make you orgasm best, for if you don't cum fifteen second after I start, you will not be cumming at all!" 
