 Here we are, late September in Tennessee. The tree are wearing the colors of fall and the autumn chill has found it's way down from the mountains. The State Fair was underway in Nashville when the following story took place. I was meeting Carmen, whom I introduced to readers in an earlier story. We met about three months ago, now. The fair is a good three hours from where I live, so I arrived at her door about 9 am to take her to the fair with some friends of ours. 

She was so adorable wearing a gray and black Jones New York cowl neck sweater with vintage jeans and a pair of black boots. It accentuated her body very well. My heart skipped a beat because she looked sexy as hell and given our past sexual exploits, there was a large degree of attraction there as well. I kissed her on the cheek and we hugged before we headed out.

From there, we drove to Nashville to meet our friends. The ride was fun and wasn't boring at all. Singing badly to Lady Gaga and Pat Benetar, we chatted about sex, tv, and pretty much whatever came up. At times, my hand would reach over from the gear shifter and rest on her thigh. I was very used to riding with my hand in the passenger seat when I wasn't changing gears, so it was a very natural act. It had happened at least two times self-consciously and I removed my hand each time after realizing my gaff. By the third time, she told me that it was ok and that she didn't mind. Then she flashed me that smile of hers. 

Her hand eventually met mine and held it. We continued to talk as if nothing was happening. We were talking about how hot Christina Hendricks was when I noticed that Carmen had become a little flustered. Her free hand rested on her neck, gently massaging it and she cleared her throat a few times. Turns out that she really liked the busty redhead from Mad Men. So much so that she regularly masturbated to her. I thought it was delightfully delicious and exposed my own self-pleasuring fantasies. Those of who know me well are familiar with my infatuation with Emily Deschanel, Morena Baccarin, and Michele Rodriguez. 

A few minutes into that conversation, Carmen stated that she was wet. I laughed and she apparently didn't think I believed her. It was then when she took my hand and placed it over her jean-clad mound. I felt the heat and could swear to each and every one of you that I felt the proof of her desire. I playfully tickled her knee and she retorted, I had become caught up in playing like a little school girl that I had not noticed that my hand had left the steering wheel. The bumping of the tires against the side of the road caught my attention and I quickly regained my composure and control. We laughed at our little "mishap" and continued onward to Nashville.

The fair was ok. We rode some of the rides, had a few good laughs at the expense of the Wal Mart-esque fair patrons and the group of us, about eight in total, began horse playing in a manner not befitting our ages. Who cared? I didn't. I gave up caring about age a long time ago. Up to this point and for the most part, Carmen and I did not play into the attraction we had for one another. She was getting along fabulously with Amber, a friend from college. We got paired together on the ferris wheel and when we got "stuck" on the top while those below us unloaded, there was a moment of silent awkwardness behind us. We were huddled pretty close, by the nature of the ride itself. I can not deny that I wanted to kiss her. Hell, she was an attractive girl and there was a sexual past shared between us. 

She smiled and leaned into me, kissing me on the lips softly. I savored the touch and looked into her eyes before returning the favor. The kiss itself was soft, tender, and slow. No tongue. Just a simple and long exchange of lips. We stopped when the ferris wheel moved and I had noticed that we had started holding hands during the rest of the ride. There was definitely growing tension from that moment on until we left late in the afternoon. 

As the sun set, our little gang parted ways and returned to our daily lives. Carmen and I headed for the car, we joked, played, and held hands like very affectionate girlfriends. 

Turning on the ignition, I reached for the shifter and put it into first. Carmen's hand covered mine. I looked at her, smiled and she did the same. It was a very soft and tender moment that just seemed to be leading to something else.

The three hour ride was fairly uneventful as we laughed and carried on, much like we had on the ride to Nashville. When we pulled up to her apartment, I turned off the car and walked her up to her building. We hugged and I began to turn and walk away. Her hand caught mine and she pulled me back. 

"Please don't go, Angelica." she begged, her eyes wide and full of want.

I looked into her eyes and took her other hand in mine, expressing that I would like to stay the night. We kissed softly and she led the way to her door. 

When it opened, we entered and she laid down her keys and I kicked off my chucks, she her boots. There was a moment of silence that would define the evening.

I moved first. My arms reached out for her hips and I pulled her close. I kissed her, just as we had kissed on the ferris wheel. Carmen's arms rested on mine, before sliding up their length and behind my neck. It brought us closer and our tongues began to explore. She moaned against my tongue, the light vibration made my clit tingle as we continued.

I could feel her heart beating against me and my nipples poked against the fabric of my bra. I desperately wanted to get naked and make love to her. 

Carmen must have wanted the same thing because I felt the button loosen to my jeans and heard the zipper go down. I shook them loose down my legs and felt a hand reach underneath my panties. Her palm moved in a circular fashion over the entirety of my mound. She licked my lips as her hands began to move towards the hem of my panties. 

Within moments, the panties had joined my jeans on the floor and Carmen set her sights on robing me of all my clothing. Her hands brushed over my breasts, lingering for a moment over my nipples. Beneath their fabric prison they longed for her touch. Hands skimmed over my belly and hips to the hem of my pink turtleneck. The cool night air tickled me as the cotton material slowly rose up and exposed my chest to her. 

Lips instantly began to kiss the swells of my breasts, hands rising up my spine to unlatch their captors. My bra fell off my shoulders, baring me to her. Soft lips kissed the swells of my breasts. Carmen's lips teased me, ignoring my nipples altogether, making me long for her even more. 

Carmen tore herself away from me and slowly began to strip.

"Too often you play the dominant role, Angelica." she cooed as she slid out of her jeans and panties. Her fingers began to tease her pussy as I watched with interest and want, "This time it is about me showing you a good time."

By this time, she was completely naked and I found myself standing in front of a gorgeous Latin woman who was masturbating for me. My breasts felt heavy and my clit throbbed. She moved towards the wall as she continued to finger herself. I recognized the signs because I do it almost every night to myself. Carmen was going to cum. Her free hand began to rub against her breasts. Her face began to contort as a series of moans erupted from her plump lips.

I could tell when her orgasm had subsided because her hand emerged from her pussy and she walked with lazy legs to where I stood. Her hand reached for me and Carmen led me to her bedroom.

Once there, we kissed for a brief moment before she tore away. Slowly she walked to her nightstand and pulled out several toys before climbing into bed beside me. Not wasting time, I reached for and pulled her close. My lips kissed the side of a breast, moving under and around it until I claimed the taut tip of a nipple and drew it into my mouth. She squirmed in excitement as I continued to pleasure her. My lips moved to her neck, kissing there and finding where a pulsing vein which mirrored the throbbing of her heart. I think I drew her over the edge because she reached for her vibrator and instantly felt the pressure increase between my legs. I built towards an orgasm as I continued to worship her body with my lips. 

I felt myself growing rigid as she worked the vibrator inside my pussy. Our mouths were beginning to clash more frequently and heatedly as I felt the first wave of release hit me. It was powerful. So much so that I instantly stopped kissing her. For the moment I was hers to do with as she pleased.

A hand pushed me backwards to the mattress. I was so wrapped up in post-orgasmic glow, I felt that the goose-down were clouds. Her tongue teased it's way between the lips of my pussy and found my clit. I felt something moist and wet on her fingertip as she began to massage my ass. 

What came next was a delightful explosion of sensation as her vibrator was now inside of my ass. The combination of both of my openings being pleasured made my back arch off the bed. Carmen held me down, forcing me to be obedient to her attentions. I didn't mind at all. I was gone to ecstasy. It didn't take me long to explode in what felt like a double orgasm.

A finger slid inside of Carmen, then two. I began to gently pump in and out of her. It was my turn to have her. As she leaned backwards, arms bracing on the bed, I shifted myself on the bed and began to torment her clit with my mouth. When her hips arched toward me I did what I could to not be disruptive to what my mouth was doing and reached for the jelly and the anal beads.

With fingers drenched, I began to rim her. I felt her tense for a moment, the cool sensation adding to the confusion. She cried in excitement when I began to insert the beads into her ass. Instantly, hands clung to my head and forced me to keep eating her. I could feel the tension in her body as her abdomen struggled to keep her upright instead of falling backwards to the bed. 

Carmen hit that peak quickly and before she could enjoy the benefits of it, I had tore myself from her pussy and now pulled her to me. My arms reached out for her, hands possessing her hips and shifted her to me. Those lovely legs were now wrapped around me as we began to kiss one another with renewed vigor. We each reached for unused vibrator, turning it on, and inserted it into one another's pussy. The sounds of our passion were muffled by the torrential play of our mouths against one another. 

I was wet and cuming so often, it was powerfully invigorating. Despite the raging in my body, the entire experience remained gentle and soft, evident as we collapsed into the mattress laughing and holding onto one another. My body tingled as we fell asleep in each other's arms. 

We awoke late the following morning, had another short round of lovemaking before she had to go to work. I remained behind after she left, gathering my things and taking a nice long shower. My pussy was still glowing from our sexual escapade and I had to play with myself as the hot water bounced off my sensitive skin.

We had dinner that night with some other friends and no one could tell that we had just been fuck buddies a few hours earlier. Carmen and I like it that way. No expectations or pressures of a relationship. Although I have to admit this entire episode was completely unexpected yet thoroughly enjoyed.