 On my return to college, swimming and volleyball tryouts took place during the first week of classes. Swimming was always my preferred sport and I easily qualified for a spot on the team. 

Always a marginal volleyball player on the high school level, volleyball on the collegiate level is an extraordinarily demanding and physical sport. Small nagging injuries, such as bumps and bruises are very common and can last an entire season. 

However, it requires a tremendous amount of team work and it's the team, not the individual, who wins or loses. It was the camaraderie of the participants that attracted me to the sport in the first place. 

I met Kelly the first day of practice and I immediately developed a crush. I'm convinced that my "puppy love" for her drove me to try my best and it was an absolute surprise to me when my name was on the roster for the upcoming season. 

After my injury at one practice, Kelly treated me like her friend and sister. However, I was deathly afraid of spoiling our friendship by making overtures of love to her. None of this went unnoticed by our teammates, especially one in particular. 

Maria Santos was a tall Hispanic beauty with a blazing hot temperament. A fierce competitor with the heart of a lioness, she could be both brutal and gentle to her fellow teammates. More than a few times during practices I was the recipient of her verbal abuse.

Maria possessed a hard and defined muscularity that was the envy of her teammates, except Kelly. I usually kept my distance as did most of the others but Maria had many admirers.

Surprisingly, there was little or no friction between Maria and Kelly. As different as night and day, there was a genuine respect for each others talents. Prima Donna types are generally not tolerated on a well oiled team and ours was no exception. 

After our first victory, Maria invited the team to a party at her off campus apartment. I was nervous about attending and very late when I arrived but Maria greeted me warmly.

"Hey, little Chica!" she said amiably and gave me a high five. 

The party was in full swing and after several mugs of beer, I was more relaxed and chatted with my teammates. I saw Kelly on the opposite side of the room engaged in conversation with a handsome guy and thought it best not to intrude. 

Salsa dance music blared from the stereo and Maria made us line up for instruction. With a fluid gracefulness, she demonstrated the basic moves but most of the team was already "six sheets to the wind" and the results were hilarious. 

Maria was laughing so hard she couldn't continue. Finally, she raised a glass of beer and we toasted to the success of the team. 

Barb caught most the action on her camcorder and it was shown at every subsequent party that year. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Kelly leave with the same hot guy. Except for a brief hello, we hadn't spoken at all the entire evening. My heart dropped to my gut and I felt like crying on the spot. 

However, before I had any chance to pine for Kelly, Barb was at my elbow. 

"Maria's in the kitchen playing Texas Hold Em and she just cleaned out Ariel and Lisa." She stated exuberantly.

"Hmm, I see." I mused to myself.

Several years ago I developed a serious interest in playing poker when I saw Annie Duke play at the World Championship on TV. 

Fascinated by card games from a young age, I learned to play poker and routinely liberated money from my male cousins during holiday visits. As soon as I turned eighteen, I entered several on line tournaments anonymously. 

None of my teammates were aware of my proclivity with cards when I entered the kitchen and asked if I could play. 

"Sure little girl. Do you have any money?" Maria said with eagerness and a jaundiced eye. 

I took a small wad from my pocket and threw it on the table. Maria's face broadened to a grin.

"Hey! Make room for Cory!" she bellowed and pushed two teammates out of the way. 

I was seated across from Maria and purposely lost the first two hands, bolstering her ego.

"You play cards about as good as you play Volleyball." Maria chortled as she scooped up the winning pot.

Even with good cards I kept my betting modest and won a couple of hands. Slowly, I turned up the heat, bluffed two girls and won a sizable amount of chips. 

About a half hour later it was just me and Maria. We traded a few winning hands but her stack of chips was dwindling fast. 

Barb dealt the next hand and I had two queens with the flop yet to show. Maria bet fifty bucks and gasps went up from the observers. I called and the flop gave me another queen. 

Maria bet seventy bucks and I called. The turn card was an eight and with two eights on the table I had a full house. Maria went "all in" with a hundred sixty two bucks and I called. 

Our hands were revealed and Maria had a full house with fives and eights. My full house was better with queens and eights but the final card could give her four fives.

When the river card was a two, I jumped up in triumph. Maria was fuming and guzzled the rest of her beer as I gathered up my winnings. 

For the rest of the party, Maria regarded me with cool detachment. I had stolen her thunder and I knew that in someway, she would make me pay.

Several girls had stripped to their spaghetti strap T's and were arm wrestling.

"Want to give me a try little girl!" Maria asked innocently after she defeated a beefy girl named Brin. 

The sight of Maria's sculpted muscular arms shook me to my core. The girl had some serious guns. My arms looked puny in comparison. I shook my head "no" but she wasn't taking no for an answer.

We locked arms and Maria's bicep swelled into a spider web vein covered softball. As I struggled to avoid defeat, she appeared to be amused by my feeble attempts. 

With bone crunching ease, Maria slammed my hand against the table. She was exacting retribution for her gambling losses in a display of raw physical power. 

When Maria demanded another match then another, my protests fell on deaf ears. After her third and decisive victory, my hand and arm ached with pain. 

Maria was tenderly rubbing my sore appendage in an effort to placate my damaged ego. But, she wasn't done with me just yet.

"Hey! Let's wrestle, just for fun." She demanded.

"You're kidding, right? Obviously, you're a lot stronger than me!" I exclaimed emphatically but again my words fell on deaf ears.

Maria was clearing a spot in the living room. Effortlessly, she moved chairs and the sofa out of the way. Barb was the last person at the party except for me and she was saying goodnight.

"Don't be too hard on her Maria. We need her on the team!" she declared with enthusiasm and exited the apartment. Suddenly, I was alone with Maria and feeling a little panicked. Like a terrified rabbit, I bolted for the door but she tackled me before I got out of the living room. 

Maria's sinewy body and remarkable strength ground me into submission. She was frightfully strong and used her muscles to crush my resistance. 

Maria sat on my defeated body and using her powerful hands painfully gripped my arms. 

"Make a muscle!" she commanded sternly.

Every time I tried to flex, Maria squeezed until the muscles were like mushy dough. She was inflicting pain and tears swathed my eyes.

"Maria! Stop!" I implored and bawled like a child. 

The pain ended but Maria remained seated on me. I was totally spent and made no attempt to buck her off me. 

"Tell me why?" She asked mysteriously.

"Why? Why what?" I shouted in frustration. 

"Why you like her and not me?" 

I looked at Maria with a stunned expression. So, that's what this was all about. 

"I don't know!" I yelled in a shaky voice. My anger quickly abated and I let out a huge sigh.

Was it that obvious to Maria and the others? While both had imposing and muscular physiques, Kelly had the wholesome, Midwestern and pretty blonde looks that I was a sucker for. 

But, Maria had a smoldering sensuality that interested me as well. Her blazing temperament and competitiveness was an asset but to the uninitiated like me, she seemed almost unapproachable. 

"Tell me chica, what do you like about me, anything?" she asked with an inquisitive tone. 

Normally the sight of her sweaty hard body at practice would stoke my libidinal fires. But, glimpses of her nude form in the locker room truly ignited some late night masturbation fantasies. 

"Maria, you're pretty and sexy; honestly, you've got one of the best bods I've ever seen but there's something about Kelly, well, that appeals to me." I answered truthfully.

"I see she didn't leave with you tonight." She said nastily.

The hurt from her words stung deep and tears leaked from my eyes. Maria was immediately more sympathetic.

"I'm sorry." She said and got off me. 

I lay on the floor with my hands covering my eyes as I wept in frustration. Not only had I professed my infatuation with Kelly but I forthrightly expressed how I felt about Maria. I felt like a Class "A" chump.

"Look chica, I'm not gonna say anything about this." She stated compassionately. 

Maria helped me to my feet and embraced me very tenderly. 

"Be cool, I'll see you at practice tomorrow." She said with caring.

The next day I sat on the bench and watched Maria take charge of the line at the net. I was so absorbed that I never heard the coach calling my name. 

When I went in as a substitute, Maria winked at me and gave me her standard high five. Something had developed between us and it was definitely for the better. 

As I was changing after one very grueling practice, Maria came up to me.

"Hey girl, where did you learn to play poker like a pro." She asked with some skepticism.

"Just lucky, I guess." Was my less than satisfactory answer.

"BULLSHIT!" she declared vehemently. 

As I told Maria about acquiring my card playing skills, I gazed at her hard, six pack stomach covered in a gloss of sweat. Captivated by her chiseled upper body, I had visions of trailing wet slobbering kisses over the luscious terrain. 

Maria was totally aware of the impression she was having on me. 

"Do you think you can teach me?" she was asking, actually demanding. 

"I can try." I stammered.

"Good! Tomorrow night at seven o'clock; my place." She stated emphatically.

"And chica, don't keep me waiting." She said referring to my lateness at the party.

I dealt several hands of Texas Hold Em and carefully explained some of the basic strategies. Maria gave her undivided attention but after an hour, we were in need of a break. 

With a beer in hand, we sat and relaxed. Maria was attired in a form fitting sleeveless T and tight shorts. Her long muscular legs ended at a small and very tight butt. My sex life had undergone a drought and the need was on me. 

We spent another thirty minutes playing and evaluating different hands. Maria was seated on the sofa and gazing at me with a seductive look. For once I took the initiative.

"Ever been with a girl?" I asked in a sexy way.

Maria shifted positions on the sofa as my question caught her off guard. Judging by her reaction, the answer had to be a resounding "no." I had misjudged her but she was positively bi curious. 

"Ah, I guess the answer is no." She said a little sheepishly.

My crotch was tingling with excitement.

"What do I, oh, how do you...? She stuttered but I went on the offensive.

"Well, for starters, I think kissing is very important and sets the mood." I stated in my best teacher type voice. 

Oh, this was too rich. I was going to teach the hottest chick on the team about girl on girl love. I hopped up on the sofa.

"When you're ready, kiss me. It's kinda like you'd kiss a guy but better." I said with some urgency. 

Maria's movements were tentative but she gave me a peck. The feel of her soft lips was electric and when she descended for a repeat, I put my hand on the back of her head and held her lips on mine for a more sensual exchange. 

Our tongues danced and parried for dominance in our oral duel. I stretched out and Maria lay on top, kissing me like a lover on a hot and heavy date. Her bright coal colored eyes revealed her desire as we passionately mashed our mouths together. 

Seductively, I bussed around her face and neck. Maria's breathing was more rapid and when she raised her body, I fondled her small but luscious breasts. 

Slowly, I rolled her tight top revealing her light brown and protruding nipples. The stubby ends crinkled and hardened from my touch. With loving care, I played with her tits until she started humping my thigh. 

My mouth replaced my hands and as Maria wildly humped my leg, I suckled her delicious breasts. I guess the stimulation was too much for her because she trumpeted her orgasm. 

"Fuck! Oh Fuck!"

As Maria's breathing returned to normal, she seemed a little shy about the experience. I pulled her toward me for a kiss and we made out for quite some time. 

Maria expressed a need for further instruction on the strategies of playing poker and I was to report the same time the next evening. 

But, the heart is a lonely hunter and when Kelly invited me to a little soiree at her apartment the same evening, I accepted immediately. I decided that honesty was the best policy and told a disappointed but understanding Maria about my plans. 

My nerves were totally frayed as I tried to choose just the right outfit. What I failed to realize was the fact that the soiree in question was an opportunity to meet her boyfriend's cousin. 

When I arrived, Kelly and her boyfriend Josh were preparing dinner in the small kitchen. Tyler, Josh's cousin, was in the living room and his feeble attempts at small talk were less than stimulating. In spite of his good looks, he wasn't what I was "looking" for. 

The evening was a virtual disaster as I ignored Tyler and talked mostly to Kelly and Josh. He made an early exit with Josh and I helped Kelly clean up. Delighted I was alone with her, I chattered like a magpie. 

Kelly seemed a little distant. 

"Sorry about tonight but I thought you and Tyler might hit it off." she stated with some regret.

"He's just not my type." I stated factually.

"Do you prefer the quiet brooding intellectuals?" She asked teasingly.

"No, just guys with big..." she cut me off before I could finish.

"Ok, I get the picture." 

I hung around till Josh returned and with "threes a crowd" resonating in my head, left for the evening.

At practice the next day, Maria could clearly see the disappointment on my face. 

"You got a hard head chica. The girls' straight." She said with certainty.

Maria asked me for some additional "poker instruction." However, with finals only a day away, I would be unable to honor her request. 

The last day before winter break, I got two invitations; one from Kelly & one from Maria to visit over the holidays. I agreed to both. 

The day after Christmas found me on the highway with my destination, Hyler Falls and Kelly. 

Kelly lived in the rural farm community part of the state. Her dad was an accountant with mostly farmers as clientele. 

For three days I met her relatives and friends who were in a constant parade thru her home. Finally, on day four we had an opportunity to workout. Our first five mile run took us thru some of the prettiest winter countryside I had ever seen. 

Part of Kelly's basement was converted to a gym and after several hours of lifting and stretching, we hit the upstairs shower. 

On New Years Eve Kelly insisted that we go ice skating at a local pond. 

"Ice skating? No parties around?" I inquired with dissatisfaction.

"You won't be disappointed, you'll see." She stated decisively and knowingly. 

Kelly was more than right as the hot coffee and whiskey flowed freely, warming our insides while a large wood fire in a barrel heated our outsides. Someone brought a radio and we skated to the oldies with comical results.

A pairs' ice dancing competition was hastily organized and Kelly was my partner. Problem was that the competitor's had no choice of the music they were performing. Whatever came on the radio at the time was the performance song.

Luckily, "Reeling in the Years" by Steely Dan was our number and we hammed it up to the hilt. I thought we gave the most original interpretation but her friends from high school, Janet and Dave got the most applause. The prize for first place? The winners were first in line for ribs and burgers at the barbecue pit. 

While Kelly and I continually quaffed coffee and VO to stay warm, a bowling alley with oversize inflatable pins was set up. Water was sprayed down the alley and allowed to freeze to a slippery sheen. Names were pulled out of a hat to determine the number and order of bowlers.

I was puzzled as to what type of ball they used when the first bowler launched himself headfirst down the lane into the pins. The effect was uproarious as each bowler assumed various poses on the trek toward the pins. 

After six rounds, Kelly, a seasoned veteran, won the match. By now we had switched to hot cocoa and Tia Maria to keep warm. Someone mentioned it was past 1am and Happy New Year!

The air had a more biting chill and people started heading for home. Kelly and I sat on a huge log next to the barrel fire and drank the last of the cocoa. 

Like drunken revelers we walked arm in arm and sang songs off key as we made our way to her house. I was shivering in my bed as Kelly quickly changed to her jammies.

To my utter surprise, Kelly flung herself in my bed and wrapped her arms around me. Her hands massaged my back in an attempt to create warmth. We were still pleasantly drunk and my imagination was working overtime. 

"Oh Kelly, that feels great!" I exclaimed thru a serious of moans.

With Kelly's hands kneading my flesh, my body heat was rising rapidly, especially in my crotch.

For a moment Kelly stopped and I turned over and saw an amused but serious expression on her cute face. 

"You've wanted this for some time, haven't you?" she asked in a demanding way.

All I could do was stupidly nod my head in the affirmative. As I unbuttoned Kelly's top, she took her bottoms down her legs and off. Except for a pair of French cut panties, she was magnificently naked. 

I ogled Kelly's muscular physique and while it was similar to Maria's, her body was more symmetrical. The small round breasts, long legs and taut torso all flowed together. There wasn't an ounce of superfluous fat on her body. 

My pussy was on fire and with unsteady hands I caressed her very firm boobs.

"Kelly, you have a great body." I practically gushed as her nipples hardened into tight nubs.

I gazed down the length of her stunning body until my eyes alighted on a neat patch of dark blonde pubes, just above her slit that perfectly framed her pussy. 

My hunger seemed endless and I went back and forth, sucking and squeezing trying to get my fill of Kelly's exquisite breasts. With fevered need, I relieved her of the panties and inhaled the fragrant odor of her sodden box. 

I took my first tantalizing lick up Kelly's slit and the taste was mildly tart and spicy, just heavenly. As my tongue flew up and down her steaming snatch, I gripped her muscled butt cheeks for more leverage.

A cacophony of pants, moans and groans escaped Kelly's lips. My tongue collected her juices with every swipe and when I took my first swallow, the hot nectar ran unhurriedly down my grateful throat.

When I looked up, Kelly's eyes were riveted on me as I feasted on her juicy, tender and randy sex. Then, she threw head back and screamed;

"Oh God, I'm cominggg!" My stiff tongue ferociously lashed Kelly's turgid clit as she thrashed around and pounded her fists on the bed. I turned my attention to her oozing hole and ravenously sucked the hot tangy fluids. 
