 How did we get here? We're sleeping in the same bed...naked...and...Im spooning you. You're so warm, so soft. All I can see is your long curly auburn hair spread around your white olive shoulder and neck. I can smell your sweet vanilla perfume, but I also smell something else. A mixture of you and that tangy sweet smell. 

The same smell that had consumed me last night. I can still taste it in mouth, on my tongue, You taste so good. I know you're still asleep, because I see your breasts rising and falling with each slow and steady breath you take. My left hand is resting on your waist until I start moving it up and down making you shiver and press your butt up against me. I hear a content sigh coming from your lips and feel you turning over to face me. Your hair tickles my nose a little and elicits a light giggle out of me. You turn to me flashing that winning smile. The smile that made me fall in love with you in the first place. My hand caresses the side of your face, down to your chin and my fingers dance upon your lips. I look into your sleepy dark hazel eyes, and all I can see is the love that you have for me. My hand brushes a strand of hair from your face and push it behind your ear and I rest the pads of my fingertips in the back of your neck. You close your eyes and part your lips slightly. I can hear your breath catch as I lean towards you and brush my lips against yours. I suck your bottom lip into mine and taste a little hint of what must have been my pussy. To think that the only reason we're here is because we were only talking about kissing.

*******

"Ok, so what do you think kissing is about," You say.

"Well, Berry, I say there are 6 types of kissing really, and how the kiss is, depends on how you feel about the person.

"And what are those 6 types?" 

I stand up and start to walk toward you until we are face to face. You're holding on the bottom of the desk behind you and stare at me expectantly. I keep my eyes locked on yours as I lift of your right hand up to my face and lightly kiss the start of your knuckles.

"One," I say while lifting my eyebrow and still holding your hand in mines.

I lean up so my cheek would brush against your cheek and turn my head towards you and kiss your cheek. Still with my lips pressed against you, I slid over to your ear and whisper-

"Two," I hear your breathing quicken at that and pulled away. 

I wait awhile trying to wrap my head around what I'm about to do next. I knew this was coming up but I never really thought that I would be nervous about it let alone aroused at the thought.

I quickly put both my hands on each side of your face and pull you in for a kiss on the lips. I pulled away pretty abruptly attempting to make it a peck on the lips rather than a kiss, but before I could end it, I automatically brushed my tongue over your lips. Did i just hear you moan? or was that me? Shit did I just fuck up. It was an accident but that kiss was like we've done it a million time before, even though it was quick. I stare into those eyes and I see you staring at me anticipating my next move I didn't know it yet but my whole world shifts at that moment and all I know is that I want you. I try to steady my voice as I say-

"Three" failing to hide my nervousness

I put my hands on your shoulders to steady myself as I lean forward to your neck. I feel you stiffen at my touch but you lean your head over to the other side to give me room. I raise my left hand to the back of your head grabbing a handful of your hair so you can rest it. My lips latch on to your neck and I start kissing up and down. My tongue wanders out and licks the length of your neck causing you to shudder against my body and let out a sigh and relax like you've been holding it in for a long time and move your hands around my waist lightly brushing my butt with your fingertips. 

I start to alternate between licking and sucking your neck tasting your sweet but salty sweat as it runs down. My mouth moves up toward the jaw line of your chin and eventually finds your lips again. I don't pull away though. I linger a little longer feeling comfortable in your arms. I slowly slide my tongue over slit of your lips asking permission to taste more of you. You part your lips slightly giving me access and I move in rather excitedly.

My flicking tongue runs over the roof of your mouth make you moan in my mouth. You hesitantly run your tongue over mines and gradually we both start getting into it. Your hand is now blatantly grabbing at my butt while I wrap my arms around your neck pulling you closer. I suck your bottom lip in my mouth and nibble on it sending chills down your spine. We pull away from each other slowly but your eyes are still closed and your lip is quivering.

"What number was that one?" You asked dreamily.

"Those were four and five." I say my voice cracking.

You finally open your eyes slightly but I can clearly see the wild lust forming in your now darkened pupils. You bite your lip before saying-

"I'm pretty sure there are lot more kisses that we haven't yet explored and I'd love to find out what six is."

You crash your lips against mines and all that is running through my head right now is how much I want to fuck you. 

The End