 When I first saw her, it was from a distance but I was still star struck. I never believed love at first sight was real, and I had given up the hope that I would ever find my soul mate but I knew the first time from the far distance on the soccer field that she was the one.

I was an account in a high paid job, it was satisfying for me because I liked to count figures and spend time alone doing my work which would seem boring to most but I liked my own space and personal time to myself. I also liked the part where when I was in the staff room on my breaks that everyone was so friendly, and flirty with me it made the day more fun with our little chats and our home made office games when the managers were away on various business trips. 

Don't get me wrong, I was the kind of person that liked some alone time but I was also outgoing and friendly, there were a lot of people in the office who found me attractive and flirted with me constantly. I was never short of finding a date to a party, and my love life was filled with various women. I'm on the manly side of being a dyke, quite masculine with some muscles here and there, but also kind of soft. If you looked close enough behind my well designed suits and ties you could see my feminine curves. I'm not up myself or anything but I was proud of my figure as I had formed it from spending time in the gym and jogs in the morning. I had dark black hair, and green eyes which I was blessed with from my mother's side of the family. It got me a lot of attention but it was just a good feature I inherited, and I was proud of my looks but then again sometimes I would look in the mirror in a morning, and like most women I wouldn't like what I saw. Sometimes I had good days with my looks, feeling like I was gorgeous and other times I would feel a mess as if I could do a lot better with myself but that's how life goes for us normal people doesn't it?

I wasn't that sporty but I did like to participate in football matches for fun with some of my work colleagues especially when they were for charity. The football match I was playing, when I first spotted this beautiful woman, was for charity. A few businesses had created the event at various office parties and I was the main leader who suggested it because it would be a great way to bond with people outside of work, as well as a good physical sport which would be a good fitness exercise. 

As it was I had been chosen to be captain of our team, for our business called Accountant Inc, yeah it wasn't a very good name but then again I didn't create the company I just worked for it. But I loved my company, and I loved my job especially a lot of the friends I had made there.

See I had been working there for five years now, I worked hard for the title of my job and my pay check which came with it but I didn't just use the money for pointless things. Yeah I had a nice house, car and even a motorbike but I did make sure some of my pay check when to charities to help other people and I spend some of my time volunteering at the homeless centre to make sure everyone who lived on the streets got fed, I also worked part time once a month in a shop that helped people get suits at lower prices, second hand suits of cause but they were quite good quality and they were reduced to a low price that was good for people who were young and trying to find their first job. I liked to give people a chance that never really got it and I believed in everyone having their fair share of the world.

Enough about me, this is my story for her and I want to give you an insight into the world of true love and give you all hope that you will meet your soul mate just like I did, or if you have met them then I wish to share with you some memories which you can relate to.

Chapter 1

I was always punctual, but the day of the soccer match I got up a little late and as I ran out my door with my bag in tow I was met by my car tire squealing at me as air blew out of it. It was the second time it had happened to me, the tires were quite old and I hadn't got around to going to the garage to change them. I had no choice but to choose my bike that morning and it was parking in the garage amongst a jumble of random objects, it took me a good fifteen minutes to get the bike out of the garage never mind trying to find my helmet. I pulled the helmet over my head, and pulled away from the curve, my journey was short as I weaved in and out of traffic now glad I had taken the bike as otherwise I would have been stuck in the traffic a lot longer.

I pulled up later that everyone else; the game was already on the verge of starting so I ran at full speed towards our coach chucking my helmet at him. He took one look at my ruffled hair and gave me a wink, god he was such a weird guy, he always thought I looked like I'd just had a good shag, I'm sure that's what was always on his mind but it was just how he was. He caught my helmet in mid air like a pro, he was volunteering to help us with the charity event, and all the teams had coachers so it meant more people were involved from many different companies. He was from a small designer company called McGrath and Saaarca, he and his male partner owned it and it was a good firm, he had a great eye for design and his company was quite well known in a few states in America although it wasn't over the top famous. 

By the time he had caught my helmet I was halfway across the field, running towards the ref for the handshake to start the match. There was a lot of cheering from all my co workers, as I sprinted onto the field as they all knew I was good at soccer and they were all very friendly with me. There were a few ''had a rough night' called at me, and as I ran my hand through my short hair I realised why, I had forget to straiten and style it that morning which was a first for me as I was always able to find time to smooth myself over but obviously I hadn't that morning.

I got to the ref, nodded at her and shook hands with the captain from the other team, that's when she caught my eye. She was on the other side of the field, playing goal keeper in gloves which fitted her perfectly. She was swinging from the goal post top probably just stretching her arm muscles before the start of the game. I moved off to the side of the midway line and set up position for kick off. It was a hard match as I couldn't take my eyes off this beautiful creature, she looked like a giant compared to my 5 foot 3 frame, she was probably about 6 foot and she was 6 foot of gorgeousness. Lovely natural blondish brown hair with blue eyes, a slight figure with a gorgeous tan which wasn't too dark or too light. I could feel my heart beating faster every time I got near the goal post, as I was a striker I was always up that end a lot and I knew it wasn't just from the fast pace of the game either. It was her that was making my heart race like crazy.

I managed to get two or three goals in the net; I lost count as my eyes were always on her. I wasn't doing badly, but usually I could manage to get a few more in that that as I was blessed with the ability to curve a football at any angle I decided. It was from years of practice with my older brothers when I was growing up. 

Our team won the match, it was a good game and the other team put up a good fight with the final score 4 – 3 to us. By the time the match was finished I was a sweaty mess, and so were a lot of the other players. My team mates patted me on my back as I bent at my knees swallowing air trying to regain my normal breathing and that's when I felt a presence at my side. I new it was her, as for some reason I could feel her, it was like a pull between us. ''Couldn't take your eyes off me, could you?'' she stated as a fact and I went slightly red as I bolted upright and looked in her eyes. I got lost in those beautiful clear sky blue eyes for a minute and it took me a wile to get pulled back to Earth as I realised she had said something else. I looked at her questionably and she smirked, her eyes lighting up as she let out a cute little chuckle.

She was asking me what my name was and I told her it was Jamie, she returned her's which was Melony, Mel all her friends called her apparently. Then she signalled to her team mates and ran off to join them. I was so confused, I thought I had given her the wrong message that I didn't like her but I was pretty sure by her first comment that she knew I was interested. 

As soon as she left, I felt like I missed her which was weird as I had only just met her and I didn't really know much about her. It was the end of the match and everyone was gathered together in a circle cheering each other so I ran over to join them and shook a few hands good naturedly. I got lifted up by Marina, a really strong butch lesbian from our company; she spun me round and then put me back on my feet. I was swaying a bit; feeling like the world was spinning which got a few laughs out of everyone. I cracked a smile showing my dimples and announcing ''pub'' very loudly which got a lot of cheers from everyone. We all made plans to go to nearest one which was apparently just round the corner, it was a mixed bar which catered for all sexualities so we would all feel comfy there. We set off that way, Mike our coach caught up with me and said that he was going to head off and meet his boyfriend as he was going to take him out for a lovely romantic meal. I patted him on the back and told him he was lovely, I loved Mike he was a really good work friend, he was also really camp and I loved him for that as he wasn't scared to be different. He was one of the first people that taught me to just be myself and let life flow with the real me. He passed me my helmet, bag and biker jacket, winked at me and told me to have a good time with the blonde. ''You did well, ya no you could have got a few more goals in if you hadn't had stopped at the goal posts checking out that beautiful piece of ass,'' he shouted over his shoulder as he ran off chuckling to himself. When I turned back round, she was there stood with a wicked smile across her lips and I knew then that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with this gorgeous goddess.

She laughed at me, grabbed my bag off and started walking away from me. I caught up with her and started off to the pub with her by my side, she was very polite and friendly just like me and we got on really well. I found out a lot about her like the fact she had a black Labrador and lived just a few blocks from me. I was amazed I had never met Mel before as she also volunteered at a few places I did like the homeless shelter. It was amazing.

When we got to the pub, the chanting shouted and we got pulled apart for a few minutes as my team mates got me to the bar and placed a pint in my hand. I joined in with the winning chanting, plonking my stuff down in the nearest booth which some people had already started to fill. I went back to where I had left her, but she wasn't there. I looked around a bit and caught a glimpse of her being backed up to the wall by someone from her team who obviously though they would be getting lucky with her tonight.  

I brimming with energy from the good natured chanting and just sauntered up to her, when I got there I just casually put my hand in hers going ''oh babe there you are'' acting as if we were already a couple. The other women gave me a fully look, trying to size me up but Mel went with the flow and kissed my lips lightly for emphasis to the other women that she wasn't interested. I pulled her away, took my stuff off her and put it down on top of the pile of soccer stuff that was mounting up under my already placed bag. I gave her my pint, which I hadn't touched and went and got another other from the bar. We just flowed together so well, she knew what I was doing and there was never any lull's in our conversation. We covered a lot of ground that day and it was amazing, she surprised me in so many ways. Whenever one of us got up to go to the bar or go to the toilet we didn't have to say, we just kind of knew. It was just like we were both made for each other, and we fit perfectly together. 

The first time we needed our drinks refilled, she went to the bar. That was when my co workers and even some of Mel's co workers started hooting at me, teasing me and making kissy noises at me like they were a bunch of kids. It was quite funny and when she got back to the table she went bright red, but I just pulled her down next to me so she had no chance to find an excuse to leave my side. I loved spending time with her, but it ended too quickly for me.

I had to go as I had work in the morning, and reality was kicking in for both of us. We tried to arrange to meet again but our week schedules were way too busy. It was like life was crashing down on us, there was no time and we wanted time together so badly. I could see it in her eyes, the hope that we could work but the doubt that we wouldn't. 

She didn't have a ride home, so I took her on my bike, giving her my helmet, I was careful as I had no helmet on but it didn't matter because her place wasn't too far away. The ride was good, I loved feeling her arms around my waste and her body glued to mine when I turned the corners sharply. When we got to hers, she hopped off the bike, I followed suit and walked her to her door. She invited me in for a coffee, but I declined telling her that if I spent anymore time with her I know I wouldn't ever want to leave. She told me I was cute, pulled my hair and then lightly bit my neck just on the sensitive spot that made my knees week. I was a goner when she did that, I stood their motionless and couldn't form a coherent sentence or thought. I just stood there and filled my senses of her while my arms were rapped around her waste. I leaned in closer hugging her body to mind taking in her sweet scent of jasmine and camomile mixed with her natural sweet scent. I was so loved up, more than I had ever been with anyone including my soon to be ex wife. The divorce would be final this week, but that's another story to tell later on.

Our hug was long and sweet, ending with a short peck on my lips and then she turned and walked through her front door, when she shut it I didn't move for a few minutes. As soon as I turned round the door opened again. I turned round and she looked at me in a funny way, like she was scared to ask the question on her lips. I took her hand and pulled her towards me and told her could tell me anything. 

She leaned in close and whispered in my ear ''please... please... promise me that I will see you again, I loved being with you tonight and I'm scared I'm not good enough for you, I don't just want it to be one day, I want more...'. She trailed off,

I pulled her into another hug promising I would make the time and effort for her as she made me star struck, I told her I was up for the fight and that I wanted the concrete reality of being with her. She smiled really big then, I was so happy that I could make her happy and I knew the whole world would be open to us and our love however troubled it may be on the way to our future.

I new then, when she smiled that gorgeous smile and her eyes lit up that I would give anything for her just because she deserved to be treated like the princess she was. My world was spinning at the speed of light, and my heart was racing. I new I would always love her, till the day I died.