 Jane Powell sat nervously in the visitors' lobby of Stemford Bio-Tech. The experience reminded her of the times when she had been summoned to the Principal's office at High School. The 'hub bub' and general activity in the office made her feel uneasy. All of the staff looked very professional and gave an air of assuredness which unnerved Jane. There was also something about their manner that spooked her. She sipped at her coffee nervously.

She was about to get up and leave when Jane's thoughts were interrupted by the appearance of a woman on her blind side. "Miss Powell?", the woman asked. She was an elegant blonde in a tailored trouser suit.

"Er, yes. Well it's Mrs Powell actually." Jane said. The woman merely smiled back at her.

"Miss Watson is ready for you. Follow me please." The woman turned and began to walk off and Jane got to her feet and followed. Off to see the Principal.

On entering Watson's office she was greeted by a woman Jane reckoned must have been in her early 40's, but looking good on it. Her black hair was naturally curled and just seemed to cascade over her back and shoulders. She was slightly taller than Jane at 5ft 10" assisted in no small part by the four inch heels on her feet, which enhanced her stunning legs. Yes, they are stunning thought Jane. Jane felt dowdy, even cowed, in the presence of this magnificent woman who seemed to ooze confidence and power in both her manner and dress. Her long elegant fingers seemed to grace Jenny's hand rather than actually clasp it as they greeted. Jane was invited to sit down by Watson.

"A coffee?", Watson inquired. Jane thought about the risks from another caffeine hit but just went along with the woman's suggestion.

"Fine. Thanks." Watson poured her a cup from a filter machine at the edge of her office and then positioned herself behind her desk. With a broad smile she looked on as Jane sipped her drink.

"So what do you think?" Watson asked.

"Wow!", Jane replied. Watson laughed.

"Wow indeed. Well Miss Powell when I saw you at the Austen Conference last month I just knew that I had to have you. Your presentation was very powerful. You're obviously a very bright, and beautiful woman. Those are the kinds of attributes that I look for in my girls." Jane felt herself blush. "I am so pleased that you accepted our invitation to come along for a chat Miss Powell."

"Erm , well thank you. Oh and it's Mrs Powell", Jane said. "But you must of course call me Jane" 

Watson nodded her affirmation. "And you in turn will call me Mistress." Jane was taken aback by what Watson had said but did not respond. 

Watson reached for a buff coloured folder on her desk and opened it. "Oh yes, you are married. Ah well, not to worry." Jane was left further bemused by Watson's statement.

"Is my marriage a barrier to me in accepting your job offer?", Jane asked.

"That's your decision to make. But marriage can mean many things", Watson said. Jane remained puzzled. "Now, drink up we have your future at Stemford 'Bio' to plan."

Jane dutiful drank down her coffee as Watson continued to detail the package that was on offer, should Jane accept the job. To be honest, the whole job offer had blown away both Jane and Don, her husband. She thought back to how Don's face had looked when she had mentioned that she had been offered an executive's job and salary to match with all of the usual corporate benefits. There was no question that the job offer would turn their hopes and plans for the next ten or so years into reality at the drop of a hat.

She had landed on her feet by chance it seemed. At 26, a woman did not get these kinds of offers every day. She and Don had been together since High School and although he tried to ally her nagging doubts about herself they still remained. And so it was. 

"But why me?" Watson smiled a whimsical smile from behind her desk. Jane was drawn to her eyes. Dark pools to drown in. And for some reason Jane suddenly found herself up to her neck. She mentally shook herself awake.

"As I said, I only employ the best. You'll begin to notice that when you start to work here." Jane didn't answer but was reminded of the professional air of the outer office. "I had you checked out after I saw you at the Conference. I like to surround myself with young and beautiful women who are also able to be very professional at all aspects of their jobs. You fit the bill. However, how far we need to take your training remains unanswered at the moment. Now stand."

For a moment Jane remained seated.

Firmer now, "I said, stand up." Jane moved uneasily to her feet. Her mind protested the movement but her body was responding to the commands of the older woman.

"What's going on? What's happening? What have you done to me? I can't control my body. Have you drugged me?"

"Clever girl", Watson said. "This is why you will be joining us, because you are such a clever, and beautiful, girl. Now strip to your bra and panties my dear, let me see what I have acquired." Jane attempted to resist but her body followed Watson's commands. She watched herself undress as if from afar.

"You won't get away with this my husband will contact the police and get you arrested you bitch." Watson laughed out loud.

"Your husband, my dear. And who would that be?"

Jane looked bemused by the question. "My husband." She paused. "His name is.....is......" Once again Watson laughed out loud. "I can't remember his name. I can't remember his name." Jane began to sob.

"And why should you need to my dear. He is no longer part of your future. Your future rests with us. I have a new lover for you who will be more receptive to your needs and in turn you will be more receptive to mine. As your mistress."

"You're a freak. The drugs will wear off. I won't forget this. I'll tell the police everything."

"Oh but my dear, they won't This is a bio-tech company. We develop products for the Government that the average person in the street only reads about in story books. Some of these little inventions we keep for ourselves. We discovered a very special coffee bean in South America that once ingested acts as a neural inducer. It's a clever little thing. It erases personal memories and works on the serotonin receptor which drives your carnal needs. You see, the inducer creates an imprint. So your mind is suitably malleable for my purposes, then once your training is complete your new, shall we say, skills will be imprinted on your synaptic pathways forever. It will seem oh so natural that as your synaptic pathways change, your brain and body will become one. It's much easier if you just give in. The inevitable is going to happen. There is no turning back now my dear."

"Crazy bitch", Jane blurted.

"Oh my dear, you shall become the bitch. My bitch. And I will be your mistress. Don't ever forget that." Jane now sobbed loudly. She suddenly began to feel powerless and scared.

Watson reached for her phone and punched in a few numbers. "Carly, come to my office, now." She put down the receiver and walked over to inspect her prey who was now sobbing loudly and muttering to herself. She hardly noticed Watson's presence.

"My dear, I have to say your attire disappoints. Pantyhose and those items which I assume are your lingerie have no place in this organisation. Oh we have a lot to teach you."

There was a knock at Watson's door. "Come on in Carly", Watson said. Jane heard the door open behind her. She was unable to move her head. She heard the door close and then the sound of footsteps. A woman, an Asian woman, now stood beside Watson.. She was about 5ft 5" tall and was, like Watson, immaculately dressed. Jane reckoned that she was about the same age as herself.

"Mistress", the woman said matter of factly.

Watson smiled at the woman. "Carly, how are you today?." With which she kissed Carly full on the lips. The woman responded and they shared a deep kiss in front of Jane, their tongues intertwining and dancing with each other. Jane watched in awe and was then struck with a hint of jealousy that she was not Carly at this point. She stopped herself. What were these thoughts? Oh my God, no. She battled with her mind.

'My husband's name is.... Oh come on. My mother's name is......'

Carly and Watson broke from their embrace. "Now my dear, let's see how much training our newest recruit will need shall we?" Watson said to Carly. "I think you should introduce yourself to your new lover." 

At this, Carly smiled and moved toward Jane. Without a second thought Carly removed Jane's bra and gently placed her right hand onto Jane's left breast and began to kneed it. Jane let out a gasp of surprise and began to moan to herself.

"Oh how wonderful, a virgin", Watson exclaimed. "Oh, break her in gently Carly. I believe that Jane will be one of our best students ever." Jane's mind was in total confusion. It was being driven by new thoughts which were completely alien to her but which were so pleasurable that they were so easy to embrace. A part of her old self kept battling back however. But this was now a much smaller voice than before. The pleasures had a warmth which left her wanting more. Desires flowed through her. She felt the need to respond to this woman's touch. This so natural of touches.

Carly continued to kneed Jane's left breast with her hand, tweaking her nipple from time to time. Just as Jane thought she could stand no more Carly began to gently kiss Jane along the nape of her neck, nipping her playfully from time to time. Jane's breathing was ragged and she could hear her heartbeat pounding inside her head. The old Jane was drifting away she could feel it. She battled with her own emotions but the pleasure that Carly was giving her was too powerful. Her new longings were beginning to take charge.

Jane began to respond to Carly's seductive touches. A final voice of despair cried out from within her, but she had reached the point of no return. Her body felt electrically charged. Never had she felt like this before. Excitement and lust filled her mind and spirit. She wanted to give pleasure to this beautiful woman before her, as Carly had done to her.

At first Jane moved as if in a drunken stupor. She began to return Carly's caresses. Their lips caught each others and they kissed gently at first and then their mouths opened and Jane was able to experience Carly's tongue for herself. Their kisses were playful and Jane was certain that Carly was teasing her. Jane, lost in her new emotions, now sought out her lover and probed Carly's mouth with her tongue.

As the two of them continued to embrace Carly had begun to trace her hand down towards Jane's abdomen. She reached inside Jane's cotton panties and began to stroke Jane slowly along her slit. Jane broke off for a second and threw her head back as this new pleasure hit her full on. Her senses were now racing with new desires, and unbeknownst to Jane her new sexual imprint was irretrievably cast. Carly continued to neck with Jane as she now expertly used her fingers to separate Jane's pussy lips before inserting one of her fingers into Jane's moist cunt. Jane once again gasped but this time bit down on Carly's neck as her head rocked forward. Carly now began to finger fuck Jane's pussy and Jane's breath began to synchronise with Carly's rhythm.

After what seemed like too short a time to Jane, Carly stopped finger fucking her and brought her fingers to Jane's mouth. Uncertain at first, Jane took all four fingers into her mouth, licking her juices from her lovers fingers.

"That's right my dear savour your juices", Watson cooed to her.

Jane lapped at Carly's fingers licking them dry, flicking at Carly's finger tips with the end of her tongue. She returned her attentions to Carly's mouth and deep kissed the Asian beauty, their tongues once again wrestling playfully and Carly tasting her lovers nectar.

As their tongues continued to mesh with each other Jane removed Carly's suit jacket and began to unbutton her satin blouse. As she broke from her embrace with Carly a wonderous and inviting view was now before her encased in a stunning white silk and lace bra. Carly discharged the catch at the front of the bra and slipped it from her shoulders. Her large round breasts laid bare for Jane's sight. Jane needed no invitation and, as now seemed natural to her, Jane bent forward and held Carly's right breast to her mouth and began to suckle gently. Carly let out a gentle moan before placing her hand on the back of Jane's head pressing it closer to her breast. Jane began to make a slurping noise as she eagerly suckled on Carly's erect nipple. Carly sighed and moaned which only drove Jane on further.

Jane now began to reach for Carly's skirt and was unfastening it when Watson interjected.

"Stop right there, Miss Powell", she began, "you require my seal of approval before you can enjoy all of the benefits that this Company has to offer. Besides you haven't said whether or not you want the job. Carly doesn't have the authority to grant you an employment contract. Now come and show me how approving I should be of you."

Carly and Jane broke off from each other and Jane, stepping away from her pile of clothes moved towards where Watson was now perched on the edge of her desk. Jane stood before Watson in a semi-trance like state.

"That's right my dear, now show me why I should take you into my employ." With which Watson began to hoist up her skirt revealing her stocking tops and pantie less shaved pussy. Jane stood before Watson and looked down at her bare flesh. Watson began to stroke her slit gently. "Do you think it's lovely my dear?" Jane slowly nodded. "Then, my dear, show me how much you love it."

Jane knelt before Watson but remained motionless as she continued to stroke and probe her love hole. Then without warning, Watson removed her fingers and guided Jane's head to her opening. Jane's newly initiated instincts took over and she found herself tentatively searching out Watson now moist pussy lips with the tip of her tongue. At first uncertain as to how to proceed further, once she tasted the first droplets of Watson's juices she moved in closer and began lapping freely at Watson's cunt drawing both laughter and cries of pleasure from the elegant woman. Jane worked frantically along Watson's slit, nipping at Watson's clit like a pro which sent tingles of pleasure down Watson's own spine.

Much to her short term disappoint, Watson withdrew Jane's head from between her thighs and held it in her hands. She looked down at Jane's sopping face, Watson's juices dripping from her lips and chin.

"Well my dear I believe that you will be a wonderful addition to the Company. Now what about you, do you wish to remain here at Stemford?"

"Oh yes please mistress", Jane said in a sing song manner.

Watson once again gave a laugh to the air and repositioned Jane's head between her thighs.