 In my work I sometimes have to go out of country to attend to clients, which is why I was on this flight once. It's not important why and where exactly, but it was a damn long flight. Luckily I was going on one of those airlines (don't say which) that hands out free drinks during the entire flight. I don't drink alcohol, so I stick to juices. And since everything is free, I'm not the only one getting refills. I'm sitting next to a german who kept drinking incredible amounts of vodka and got more and more talkative - and unintelligible - with time.

Anyway, what goes in, must come out. Sadly, I wasn't the only one feeling that urge: There was a long queue already forming in front of the bathroom. "Okay," I think, "there's gotta be more than one on this plane." So I go down the aisles through some other compartments where things didn't look any better.

I finally go to the business class section. You'll notice it right away: Different carpet, different seats, broader aisles and somehow quieter. I must've looked a little lost, as a stewardess asked me right away: "Can I help?" I explain that the bathrooms in the other sections are all occupied and I was just looking for a free one.

For some reason she can't let me into the business class, which seems to be a little embarrassing to her. So she wants to help me anyway and takes me to the side. "Come with me." I follow her. She's a little small and wears little makeup, as seems to be the case with most germans, but she's cute. The dark dress looks good on her, and her hair is decently cut and braided. And she's got that submissive air that people in helping, service-oriented jobs (nurses, stewardesses, maids, etc.) often do.

She's leading me to the side, where a closed door with the label "personal" is, fishes a key out of her pocket, and unlocks it. She's smiling insecurely and puts a finger to her lips, indicating I need to keep quiet about this, and then opens the door slightly. I smile back and slowly squeeze past her, while my hand brushes across her breast as if by accident. She looks at me surprised, I look back unflinching. My hand rests a little too long on her tits. She notices I'm serious and her submissive side comes forth.

She follows me into the tight attendants-bathroom and pulls the door close behind her. I grab her and place a kiss straight on her small mouth. She begins to shake slightly, for fear or excitement, I don't know. When I let her go, she closes the door behind her while I gently run my fingers through her hair and whisper into her ear: "I need to pee."

"Yes," she answers and looks at me devoted and somewhat clueless. "Down," I say. She slowly slides down my body and kneels on the floor as I push my skirt up. I pull my panties to the side and press her head against my pussy. She hesitates, but then starts licking across my labia. I sit down on the toilet seat and spread my legs further, while the tip of her tongue circles my clit.

Finally I can't stand it anymore. I look down at her, with her red coloured hair between my legs, the nice airline uniform still neat while she's licking my cunt, and then I squirt at her. A hot stream rushes out of my hole and she jerks back surprised and gasps for air. My piss soaks her white blouse and at first it looks like she's about to run, but then the submissive in her comes back and she opens her mouth and lets the pee run inside.

It takes a while until I'm done, and I spray all across her face, her hair, her jacket, see it run down her body and collect on the floor. She swallows a bit, but not nearly enough to stay dry. When the pressure subsides I lead her hand to my sphincter, which got all wet from the pee already. She cautiously inserts a finger and starts fucking me. I grab her arm and move it faster, until she understands that I need it hard. So she takes two fingers, then three, widens my anus and fucks it hard. I squirm and moan uncontrollably. No clue if anyone heard us, and I don't care either. I have my ass cunt served by that stewardess slut, whatever the cost.

Shortly thereafter I come already, my whole body shaking and I feel my lower body tense. My sphincter grips her fingers tight and I wank my clit until it glows. Then I sink back. I feel her fingers sliding out of my anus and look down. She smiles at me happily and licks the slime off my pubic hair. I caress her hair and kiss her.

Before I went back to my seat, she gives me a card with her phone and email on it. The rest of the flight I keep wondering if she's got any dry clothes to change into or needs to continue working soaked in my juices.