 "Buy me a drink."

I turned to the smirking face of a thin, sharp-edged woman. Aggravation flared into anger as I watched her white-blue eyes dance over my face.

"I'm sorry, who are you?"

I wanted to be left alone. Not bothering with politeness, I turned back to the bar.

She never wavered. Instead, my attitude seemed to do nothing but whet her appetite.

"I'm your date."

"Now," she paused dramatically, before sliding low onto the stool next to me. "I said, buy me a drink."

Okay, first of all, I'm not into any of that S & M shit, so I wasn't about to be ordered around. And, I had no intention of buying anyone anything.

With a sneer, I tossed my shoulder length auburn hair over my shoulder and opened my mouth to let her have it.

Before I could say anything, she laughed.

Bitch!

"Listen, I don't know who you think you are..."

I was fuming, but she simply winked.

"I'm guessing you're not going to buy me a beer. I'll tell you what," she said with a suddenly disarming grin. "Give me five minutes outside. If you still don't want anything to do with me, I'll disappear. Scouts honor."

Still pissed; I thought about telling her to go to hell, but something stopped me. I hated to admit to myself that she intrigued me. Her approach, her manner, her demands all screamed trouble, but I hesitated. The truth was, I was bored. None of the women I had known so far had anywhere near the cold, steel nuts this woman seemed to carry with so little effort.

The decision made; I slid off the stool.

"Five minutes. And this better be good."

The cocky smile never left her face.

"I don't think you'll be disappointed."

I led the way to the door and into the cool September air. Once outside, she took the lead and stopped beside a metallic gray Mustang convertible.

"My car," she announced with unconcealed pride.

"That's great," I replied with as much sarcasm as I could muster. "Is this what I came out here to see?"

"Hardly," she said cheerfully.

That damn smile was beginning to seriously get on my nerves. I wanted it gone.

"You're down to three minutes."

I watched as she reached into the front of the Mustang and pulled out a thin stack of paper. Under the lamps illuminating the parking lot, she handed the stapled lot to me.

My stomach flipped as I recognized one of my short story manuscripts.

"What the hell are you doing with this?"

I fought the panic that was beginning to edge into my voice. The story was one I never intended to have published. I wasn't even sure why I had written it. It was a frighteningly personal account of one of my deepest fantasies and not something I would ever have the nerve to actually do. In fact, I had kept it buried in the back of my closet for months. No one knew it existed, except...

"Shit! Did you get this from Beth?"

Beth, my ex-roommate turned archrival. She and I had not ended our relationship on good terms and now it seemed she had scored an embarrassing hit on my pride.

"She seemed to think it was good office reading."

Perfect, I thought. Just perfect.

"You mean she passed this around to all the restaurant staff?"

I was going to kill that crazy whore!

White, blinding spots filled my vision as I felt a sharp rage settle in behind my eyes.

"Hey," the stranger's soft voice cut through the thunder rumbling in my head.

"It's okay," she reassured me calmly. "I was the first person she handed it to and I kept it to myself."

Relief washed over me.

I leaned heavily on the car beside the woman and turned to her, all the sarcasm and attitude gone from my voice.

"Thank you. I mean it. I owe you big," I extended my arm toward her. "I'm Charlie."

She took my hand in a warm grip. "I know. It's on the manuscript."

Oh, yeah.

"I'm Tessa."

I looked at her, really looked for the first time and was surprised to find that she was actually pretty attractive. Her face was angular and sharp, yet warm and open at the same time. It was an interesting contradiction.

She glanced at her watch and then curled her lips into a playful smile.

"I think my time may be up. Should I go or can I get that beer now?"

The least I could do was buy her a beer. I mean; she had saved me from total humiliation. If anyone had read that story...

I stopped breathing momentarily as I realized that someone had. At least two someones, to be exact. Beth, oh man, Beth had read it and was no doubt planning on telling the world, one person at a time. I shuddered at that idea, and then reassured myself by making a silent promise to rip her tongue out the first chance I got.

That left Tessa.

My face flushed hot red.

Tessa must have noticed my sudden mental panic attack.

"Maybe I should go," she said quietly.

I glanced at her again. For the first time, she was wearing a serious expression. Shockingly, I realized I wanted that smile back.

"No," I said rather loudly. "I'm sorry. I'd like to buy you a beer. I mean; it's the least I can do, right?"

That's all it took to get her smiling again.

She let me buy her a beer, and then two. It was around midnight when the short story came up again.

"My ex took off with my cat and most of our savings account and left me with a run-down apartment and a six-month lease, in my name," Tessa recalled with a shake of her head. "So, here I am, working at that God awful restaurant until the lease is up and I can go back to Texas."

I could sympathize. I'd had my share of 'screw-you' breakups.

"That's a tough one," I stated. "But, sounds like you're better off without her."

Tessa smiled at me from across the table.

Her eyes drifted down to the forgotten manuscript beneath my elbow.

She tapped it once with her fingertips.

"I liked it."

Damn!

"Uh, thanks." I wanted to change the subject, fast. "So, you don't like it here, huh?"

She wasn't going to let me off the hook that easily.

Her eyes twinkled playfully in the dim light of the bar. "I like it fine, right now. Can I ask you a question?"

I hesitated. Something in her eyes warned me this question would not be one I would like.

"Where did you get the idea for your story?"

I saw amusement flicker across her angular face.

Uh oh. Time to stop this conversation.

I stood, manuscript in hand. "It was nice to meet you, Tessa. Thanks for bringing me the short story. I really appreciate it, but it's getting late and I need to get going."

"Hey, wait." She jumped up to stand beside me. Concern filled her features. "Don't leave. I didn't mean to upset you. It's just that I..."

Her hand on my wrist felt warm as I waited for her to continue. She dropped her gaze to the grimy floor below.

"I read your story and I wanted to meet you."

Her eyes met mine.

"Have you written any more like it?"

What?

"A couple."

Where was this going?

"Would you let me ... I mean, could I read them?"

"Why?"

I really wanted to know what was going on in her head.

"Because," Tessa paused just long enough to make me edgy. "I want to know if we share any more fantasies."

I must have flinched because her grip tightened slightly on my arm. She was wrong, though. I wasn't going anywhere.

"Are you serious?"

Her mouth curled upward as she nodded slowly.

"I've never been more serious."

Wow.

I thought it over for all of ten seconds.

"Then let's get out of here. My apartment is ten minutes away."

She followed me to my truck, leaving her own Mustang in the parking lot. I promised her a ride back to pick it up the next day, so she climbed into the cab of my F150 and then to my small two-bedroom brick home.

I tossed my car keys onto the coffee table and grabbed us both a beer from the fridge. Meanwhile, she took in the surroundings, eyeing my small space with its scattered chaos.

"So, if I bring you another one of my stories and you like it, then what?" I asked, dropping into the recliner across from Tessa, who had made herself comfortable on my old sofa.

The smile came back.

"If I like it, then I like it," Tess responded with a shrug. She leaned forward, elbows on her knees, closing the distance between us until the faint scent of her body spray drifted into my nostrils.

"I'm not afraid to admit what turns me on. Apparently, you aren't either, if your story is based on truth."

I swallowed hard. This woman was beginning to get to me.

It occurred to me then that she was offering me a chance to play out the very fantasy I'd written about in the dreaded manuscript. A shudder of desire passed through me. This could get interesting.

"The story," I began, leaning forward myself. "Is not a story I meant to share. But, now that you've read it ..."

She touched my knee with just the fingertips of her right hand.

"Now that I've read it..."

Her hand slid upward, leaving a trail of tingles behind.

We were only inches apart. Her eyes searched mine and found an answer to a question neither of us had asked. Satisfied, she took the initiative and leaned in.

My lips quivered under the strength of her request. She tasted of beer and heat and I drank her in as we clashed together in a battle of lips and tongues.

For me, it had been a long dry spell and as she explored my mouth with demanding confidence, I became primed and wired for liftoff.

Especially when I felt her cup my left breast and roll my nipple between her fingers.

I pulled back as the thunder in my chest began to move south, my body screaming in protest.

"Wait."

Panting, I struggled for self-control as she dropped her gaze to my heaving chest and smiled.

Oh my.

Her voice, when it came, was thick with desire.

"Do you have what we need?"

There was no need to ask what she meant. I knew.

"Upstairs."

She stood, pulling me up with her.

My body slid against her as she leaned into me.

Heat.

Instant fire filled the hidden places of my senses.

Taking her by the hand, I led the way upstairs.

I kept a thick 8" strap-on in the dresser beside my bed. As soon as we entered the room, I took it from its resting place and handed it to her.

"Will that do?" I asked, nervousness adding an extra quiver to my voice.

Her smile was more like that of a wolf's leer.

"Yes, it will do just fine," she replied, running her hand up and down the realistic shaft. Her eyes played over mine, daring me to back out.

"The clothes?" she asked, her voice dropping an extra notch.

My heart hammered to a completely new rhythm.

"Yeah, I'll get them," I muttered, desperately trying to regain some composure. It was clear she was in control, but this was my fantasy, after all. Shouldn't I be the one in charge?

I reached into the bottom dresser drawer and took out the clothes I had lifted from my brother's closet.

"These should fit," I said, tossing the clothes on the bed.

She smiled with satisfaction, as she looked them over.

"What about you? Do you have everything else?"

"Yes."

I shuddered at the look of undisguised excitement that crossed her angular face.

"Good. Give me ten minutes to change."

Licking my suddenly dry lips, I hurried to the closet and took what I would need. She watched silently, not making a move to change until I began to leave. The last thing I saw before stepping into the hallway was a wolf-like grin slowly spread across her angular features.

I would have given my left arm to watch her morph into the young street punk of my fantasy, but I understood the sensations would only be heightened by the forced anticipation.

"Okay. I'll be downstairs."

I changed fast, but not fast enough to overlook the most important details of my new identity. It only took a few minutes for me to become the epitome of a classic streetwalker, complete with short skirt and too tight silk sleeveless blouse. Once everything was in place, I ran my hands through my stubborn hair and realized my hands were shaking.

What was I getting into?

The plan called for a complete release of all my inhibitions. In order for the fantasy to be all that it could be, I had to totally trust the woman upstairs. The moment we stepped outside, she would have absolute control.

That thought made my knees weak. Like I said, I wasn't into any of the domination/submission type stuff, but this would come dangerously close to the edge of that very thing.

I calmed my shaky nerves by reminding myself her control was only contingent upon my permission. Surprisingly, I discovered I was looking forward to giving her that and more.

While I waited for her, my mind whirled with possibilities. By the time I heard her footsteps on the stairs, I was practically bouncing with anticipation.

Everything inside me stilled at the sight of what she had become. She was androgyny personified. My lungs threatened to revolt as I forgot to breathe. The clothes were all male and I knew what was strapped beneath, but that was where the maleness stopped.

Her small breasts made no impact on the loose shirt, but no one would ever mistake her for a man. She was too smooth, too sensual. Femininity hummed in the air around her.

The blend was mystifying.

"You like?"

Swallowing hard, I just nodded, not trusting myself to speak.

Her eyes drifted over me, taking in my new persona.

"Nice."

Tessa took my hand and led me to the front door.

"Ready?" she asked.

Was I ready?

From somewhere deep inside, my instincts took over. As I stood there, her hand in mine, it occurred to me that nervousness could rob me of this opportunity if I let it. Determination filled me, pushing aside the last of my reservations.

"Oh, yeah."

It was closing in on two a.m. when we finally left the apartment. The streets were quiet as I slid behind the wheel of my truck, before having another thought.

"You drive," I said, realizing it would be more appropriate and fitting for her disguise. I fought off another wave of nervousness as her hand closed around my quivering knee.

"Alright," she said with another one of those smiles. No disguise on Earth could hide the effect of that smile. "Do you know where it is?"

I swallowed a fierce desire to cut and run screaming back to the house. Instead, I reached deep within and found what little courage remained in my pounding chest.

"I've never actually been there, but I think it's behind the laundry mat over on Orlando Street."

My answer seemed to satisfy her and she pulled her hand back to her own lap. We changed sides and I ignored the wave of disappointment I felt at the sudden loss of contact. Seconds later, she pulled my truck out onto Main Street.

Less than ten minutes later, we were there. No signs beckoned us or announced the nature of our destination, but I knew we were in the right place when I caught a glimpse of a massive bouncer standing just outside the doorway.

"This is going to be amazing," Tessa murmured beside me. "Let's go."

I glanced at the semi-full parking lot. Apparently, for these patrons, the night was still young.

"Right," I said with a burst of anticipation. My heart thudded quickly; reminding me this was my fantasy. It was time I started to enjoy it.

We left the truck and started for the door. Halfway there I felt Tessa's hand on the small of my back. She left it there as we each gave the huge bouncer our ID's.

He took a second look at Tessa in her disguise, but let us pass as we each forked over fifty bucks. Money was money, after all.

Inside, we were greeted by an array of sights and sounds. There were no overhead lights, just a scattering of off-color fluorescent bulbs mounted on the walls just above our heads.

Assorted candles littered the small drink tables surrounded by an array of fat-cushioned chairs.

Past the sitting area was the stage, where two women were moving together in an erotic display of pure passion. A pair of soft table lamps lit the stage from where they were placed on either side of the performance couch and both women looked almost translucent as they continued their sensual display. Their embrace left me breathless as I watched the taller of the two slip her hand between the smaller woman's legs.

The audience voiced it's approval and for the first time I focused on the bodies that filled the sitting area. Women and men of various ages and sizes focused the two women on stage as they performed for the crowd. There must have been at least thirty or forty people there.

"Over here," Tessa's voice caressed my ear. "There's a free booth."

She led me to the empty booth near the right side of the stage where we had a clear, unobstructed view of the women.

I settled on to the soft cushions nearest the wall. Tessa slid in close beside me.

"Wait here," she whispered. "I'm going to get us a drink and find out who's next."

Tingles sped up and down my spine at the feel of her breath on my earlobe and her hand as it slid down the back of my neck. I was afraid to speak, so I simply nodded.

As soon as I was alone, my attention shifted back to the stage. By this time, the taller woman was licking and kissing her way down the small blonde's flat belly. My body hummed as the blonde lifted her leg onto the tall brunette's shoulder. With a swift attack, the brunette dove forward and buried her face in the blonde's slick folds.

I gasped as the blonde cried out. Her back arched and her cries turned into low, earthy moans as the brunette devastated her with her mouth.

Trying hard not to squirm in my seat, I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sounds coming from the stage.

"Whoa," Tessa said in a low voice as she perched on the edge of my seat. "That's hot."

I opened my eyes and took the cold beer from her slim hand.

"Very," I agreed, taking a long swallow. My voice was hoarse and my breathing was shallow. The women were getting to me.

Tessa must have picked up on my increased state of arousal because she turned to face me.

"We're next," she said, placing her hand on my thigh. "You ready?"

My heart tripped. I closed my eyes once again and leaned back against the soft chair.

Was I ready?

Tessa took my silence as consent and began to move her fingers up and around my thigh. My heart rate increased as she took the beer from my quivering hand and set it on the low table.

The blonde on stage was coming undone by this time and I opened my eyes long enough to watch her arch up and off the couch, clutching the back of the brunette's head in a white-knuckled grip.

Her cry of release was nearly my own undoing. It took every ounce of self-control I owned to reach down and still Tessa's wandering fingers.

"If you touch me again, I'm done," I breathed, fighting hard to steady my voice. "If we're going to do this, you have to wait."

Tessa sighed her disappointment, but removed her hand, nonetheless.

Breathing easier, I reached for my beer and sipped it slowly as the blonde reached for the brunette. The smaller woman pulled the brunette up and onto her chest, where the taller woman straddled the blonde's face.

The audience mumbled its' approval as the blonde began her feast.

I glanced at Tessa, who had her gaze glued to the women on stage. Her chest was rising and falling rapidly as she watched the blonde attack the brunette with fervor.

Fascinated, I turned my full attention to the woman beside me. It was my first chance to see her aroused and I was unable to look away. Her sharp eyes narrowed and her hand gripped the chair arm.

I couldn't resist. Leaning in close to her right ear, I whispered, "You like that, don't you?"

Her breath caught.

Encouraged, I continued.

"Imagine how she feels."

I dropped my voice and swirled my fingers on her bare forearm.

"How she tastes..."

Tess stilled my hand. Turning her intense sapphire eyes to me, she murmured, "I don't care how she tastes. All I care about is how you taste."
