 Part I

Most of the school was empty; deserted: rid of its almost 1000 students it had been forced to shelter for the past six hours. A couple janitors sipped sodas and washed their damp foreheads with pink wash towels while they swept the perpetually dirty floors of Cookatel High School. Almost a half-hour after the last of the detention students had left, Angelica Dabrowska had decided to stay and help Mrs. Shannon, the librarian clean up after the long day. 

It wasn’t that much of a bother for the shy, good-looking Polish teenager. 

She had been friends with Mrs. Shannon ever since she had taught at Angelica’s elementary school. Once she had finished looking for a copy of Romeo and Juliet in vain, she decided to leave. After saying her goodbyes to Mrs. Shannon and wishing her a good weekend, she took the long walk down the hall to the locker rooms to take a quick shower.

She was fine-looking to say the least about her. She had long strawberry blonde hair with some highlights. Sweat had made her t-shirt stick to her chest showing her short, womanly breasts; her shorts showed off her greatest asset: her legs. Polish ones that went on for miles, gold, and well-toned. 

She turned a right and stepped into the locker room letting her hair drop. Walking over to a steamy bench, she sat down and undid her shoelaces. Tugging at the socks practically plastered to her feet, she gasped as she saw another girl in the far right under the shower nozzle. That was odd. She was sure she had to be the last person in this place. She really despised the thought of undressing in front of another girl but it would look somewhat rude if she left after already taking her shoes and socks off. She didn’t see the girl when she walked in; probably because she wouldn’t have recognized her. She was beautiful and Angelica envied her tight womanly figure, her short-curly brown hair and her azure blue eyes. 

The girl didn’t seem to know who Angelica was, or even if she was there at all. Her eyes were closed as she scrubbed her delicious body with the soft, foamy soap all over her thighs and nipples. She seemed to be softly, almost inaudibly humming to herself as she did this, totally transfixed by the soap made her body feel.

Angelica almost felt like she was interrupting something, but she definitely didn’t want to miss this totally mesmerizing person. The girl must have been new or something. She started to walk over to Angelica to get a towel hanging on a large metal pole. Angelica quickly tried to look busy but the only thing that she could reach for was her shorts. Slipping them off her body, she heard the stranger gasp as she saw Angelica there. 

“Oh, I didn’t see you there. I thought the place was empty. Thought I’d take a shower before I left.” 

Damn even her voice was beautiful. It was soft, and gentle. Definitely that of girls sprung from the body of a woman. 

“Uh-huh,” was all she could stutter in weak reply. The stranger walked closer and began to chat with her, naked from head to toe, her hands on her hips, wet pussy clear as her cerulean eyes. She obviously had no qualms about being naked in front of others and Angelica wished she would stop talking to her. It was difficult not to stare at her perfect body; Angelica began to feel weakin the knees. 

Struggling to find something to keep the stranger occupied, she asked lamely, “Are you new at this school.”

The blue-eyed beauty said she was new and that her and her family had moved from Poland. She then went on to talk about the English language and how easy it was. By the time they were done, time had flown by and the girl said she needed to get home. She told Angelica her name was Ewelina Minkos gave Angelica her number and address and told her they should meet up some time. As she wrote the address down, Angelica tried to drop her gaze from Ewelina’s soft brown nipples. When Ewelina was done, she dressed and left the building. Angelica rushed inside the girl’s bathroom, slammed the stall and began to frantically finger her clit, Ewelina’s body in her mind. After a couple minutes she suppressed her moans, had a powerful orgasm, and quickly got her clothes on. 

Outside the locker room, someone else had heard Angelica’s self-pleasuring. Grinning to herself, Ewelina quickly left the school and head for home. 

Part II

When Angelica has gotten home, her mom said Ewelina had called. Angelica had thanked her mom coolly, and then rushed upstairs and called her back. Angelica called and as they talked Angelica didn’t want to hang up; her voice was so beautiful and it made her smile. They decided to hang out at Ewelina's at seven o' clock, which was a in a little over an hour. Angelica hung up the phone and spent the next fifteen minutes making sure her hair looked perfect. She put a fresh shade of lipstick on and smiled at herself in the mirror. She felt so happy and so excited. The reasons frightened and excited her made her thighs tremble warmly and her nipples flutter with pleasurable anticipation.

At 6:45 slammed out of that house and got on her bike, pedaling quickly as the sun started to set and the sky changed colors. When she pulled into the drive, she saw Ewelina sitting on the porch in the tightest pair of black shorts that showed every curve of her slim, toned ass. Angelica's heart skipped a beat and as she saw her, that almost ungodly beauty became fresher in her mind than ever. She had to help herself from not noticeably dropping her jaw.

After she had made herself at home and had been introduced to Ewelina's parents, Ewelina took her upstairs and they watched some T.V. 

Angelica used every chance she had during the show to explore Ewelina's body with her eyes. Her whole midsection ached with incurable longing as she saw Ewelina lazily drop a leg on the floor, making the shorts so her ass that much tighter. Among other things, she noticed her own panties were soaked.

"Angelica?" she asked turning around and smiling once she noticed Angelica had been watching her. “You can spend the night right?” she asked lightly, her melodic voice framing her pretty smile.

“Yup,” gulped-answered Angelica as she tried to remain level-headed. 

“In that case, just watch T.V here. I’m gonna go change into nightclothes; would you like a pair?”

“Huh, uh- no. No, it doesn’t matter,” she replied. Ewelina left the room, giving Angelica time to relax and indistinctly mouth the words over and over again: God I want her, she’s so beautiful, God I want her…

Angelica took time to nosily crawl around her room, under her bed and through her drawers. Not thinking, she pocketed a thong from Ewelina’s top drawer and stuffed it down her pants for later enjoyment when she got home. She took time to scan the rest of the drawers and feel for anything she could grasp under the bed. Nothing but an unopened poster. It didn’t matter. Angelica had what she’d come for and her pussy ached with longing for Ewelina to return. Seconds felt like interminable hours. She came back about five minutes later and Angelica almost broke down and wept.

Her pink satin nightshirt was so short, most of her toned belly showed. Her nightshorts fit so undersized that it was impossible not to notice the lower part of her firm ass and her upper thighs.

Angelica had never felt so much sexual longing ever, and she was ready to jump on Ewelina right there. She reasoned that it something had to happen tonight; she wasn’t going to last the whole night with Ewelina right next to her. Not being able to touch her, hold her, and love her.

After Ewelina had turned the television off, she turned around to look at Angelica, mouth slightly open, eyes lost in nameless Polish beauty. Without a word, she sat down next to Angelica, legs crossed, elbows balanced on her knees. You had to be blind or not even remotely attracted to women, not to see her red, puffy pussy, with tufts of trimmed hair on the top. Angelica made a lousy attempt to make it look as though she was looking at something on the floor, but Ewelina shrugged grinning and touched Angelica’s elbow lovingly smiling at her as if she were Angie’s mother.

“Angelica, do you love me?”

Angelica, silently relieved, closed her eyes, “God yes, Ewelina.” She started to lazily move her hand near her thighs, pulling at her shorts, a determined finger probing for her own throbbing pussy.

“Do you mean it, honey? Say you love me! Scream my name, Angelica, if you love me.”

Angelica screamed like a mindless slave, “God, Ewelina I Love You! Ewelina, you’re the only one. I love you baby. I lo-“

With that, Ewelina put a soft but stern feminine finger to Angie’s lips and whispered, “I love you back.” Ewelina opened her eyes again and pulled Angelica close, and their lips met in distinctive female tenderness. Both of their eyes closed as they both felt the soft virgin honey of each other’s soft womanly lips. 

Ewelina touched Angelica’s back feeling for her bra. 

“My pussy, lover! Touch my pussy, Ewelina. I love you!” Totally lost in senseless pleasure, Angelica’s pussy lips had puffed out more than they ever had and throbbed for contact. Ewelina responded by moving her free hand down to Ewelina’s shorts. She laughed as her fingers immediately became damp, and began to touch the edges of Angie’s pussy teasing her clit and smiling at Angelica’s moaning face as she began to straddle her legs, all the while pumping her fingers in an out of Angelica’s sweet vagina.

Angelica let her head fall back as she opened her mouth laughing when she saw Ewelina grit her teeth as she savagely penetrated Angelica’s pounding virgin slit.

Ewelina watched as Angie’s body rose off the floor, and with a bucking motion shoot juices from her pussy: sweet spasms of sexual satisfaction. It dripped down Ewelina’s fingers and arms. 

Angie collapsed on the ground, masturbating herself as she continued to selflessly moan Ewelina’s name. Ewelina waited until Angie opened her eyes, and then started to lick Angelica’s juices from her fingers and wrists. She then noticeably swallowed and smacked her lips as she took off all her nightclothes and buried her head in Angelica’s thighs. She did some licking of Angelica’s clit and began to moan herself as another shot of Angie’s juices touched her tongue and ran down the side of her cheek.

Angie gripped Ewelina’s head and held it to her pussy. She reached up and released her grip to see Ewelina face to face. Ewelina’s face was dripping with Angie’s juices and Angelica playfully licked it off, licking her ear and caressing Ewelina’s breasts as she did.

Without a word, Angie bent down and began to do the same thing Ewelina had done to her, licking around her slit, Ewelina’s silky pubic hair tickling her nose as she did. Ewelina started to laugh and moan as she felt this beautiful girl start to lick her like a slave.

Ewelina’s fists tightened and her back arched as she moaned like the lesbian she was when she felt the most extreme orgasm she had ever had. Angie ate her out and licked Ewelina’s wet juice as she came over and over and stopped breathlessly on the floor, breasts pumping up and down with her breathing. 

Angelica had collapsed and Ewelina held her close to her breast as they recovered, naked in each other’s arms and drenched in each other’s sweat and love.