 This story has just been sitting on my computer for some time now. So, I thought I'd upload it. Enjoy.

*

"Touch yourself." she said, looking at me with lust in her eyes.

I looked up from my books with a question on my face.

"What?" I said, thinking I hadn't heard her correctly.

"Touch yourself for me." she repeated, shifting closer to me.

I couldn't help the smile that came to my face. Sometimes, she gets that way: suddenly very sexual out of the blue. She gets commanding. I love it, it always turns me on instantly. But I knew we should have been studying. We were laying on the floor in my apartment, books spread out between us, and she was watching me with that hungry look in her eyes.

"Baby we should be studying," I said, trying to resist her. But she just licked her lips and said it again.

"Touch yourself."

She was moving now, crawling to be inches away. I didn't move. I was concentrating on not giving in. She reached me and brought her face just inches away from mine. She brought her lips to my ear.

"Right now, touch yourself for me." I was instantly wet.

My hand went to the drawstring of my sweatpants and slipped past my panties before I really noticed what I was doing. Before I knew it, my fingers were on my clit and she was purring into my ear.

"Good girl," she whispered, "Now let me watch you."

She sat back and watched as one hand moved under my sweatpants and the other kneaded my breasts through my shirt. She had me so turned on, and knowing that she was watching me made everything so much more intense.

By now, my head was lulling back and I'd closed my eyes and listened to her words.

"That's right baby, rub that clit for me." she breathed huskily. I couldn't help the moan that escaped.

"That feel good, baby? Are you good and wet with me watching?" she asked.

"Uh huh." I whimpered

"Good," she said, "Now take those pants off. I wanna see that pussy." I complied immediately.

"Open those pretty legs for me." I moaned and opened them as far as I could.

"I want you to fuck yourself. Put your fingers inside."

By now I was panting. I buried two fingers inside of myself.

"You like the way that feels? You like fucking yourself for me?"

"Yes baby. I love fucking myself for you." I said, completely under her spell.

I could hear the smile in her voice when she spoke. It was more of a smirk she wore when she knew I was putty in her hands.

"You're beautiful baby," she said. I knew she meant it.

She'd moved closer to me. Her face was just above mine and she brushed her lips against mine ever so faintly. It lit me in fire. I moaned deep in my throat and began to roll my hips. She was whispering in my ear.

"You're making me wet just looking at you." she said, "You want me to lick that little pussy for you?"

"Oh yes. Please."

"You sure? Because you look so beautiful, I don't want to interrupt." she said, painfully close without touching me.

"Please, lick me."

She moved down until I could feel her breath on my inner thigh. Knowing that she was that close to me made me so much more excited.

"Mmm...your fingers look so good going in and out, baby." I could feel the words against my slick skin.

Suddenly, she ripped my hand away and replaced it with her mouth.

"Oh shit!" I screamed while she held my wrists against the floor.

"Mmm..." she moaned into me, making my whole body vibrate.

"This pussy tastes good." she said calmly into me. "How does it feel when I lick it like this? Good?"

"Yes. So...so good...d-don't stop." I panted out.

"I think your pussy missed those fingers," she said as she drove two of her own into me.

A few more minutes of her tongue gliding over me while her fingers pumped in and out, and I was quietly chanting her name. Then she curled her fingers up and hit just the right spot. It was marvelous.

"Baby, I'm gonna c..." but I couldn't finish my sentence. She pulled her mouth and fingers away from me.

"You won't cum yet!" she said, her eyes searing into me. I felt strangely turned on by her tone, almost like a reprimand. She replaced her lips and fingers, "I'll tell you when you can cum."

She said it so matter-of-factly. But it didn't have that type of effect on me. It made my insides scream, making it even harder not to cum. Soon, I was pulling her hair and humping her face while she calmly steadied my hips so that she controlled their bucking. She grabbed my arms and pinned them down next to me.

"You had your turn to touch," she said, "Now don't move your hands again."

Her tone was firm, and she looked me squarely in the eyes when she spoke. I knew that if I moved again, she'd pull them away again, or possibly stop all together. The second possibility was unbearable to think of. I wanted so badly to push her face into me. I wanted to rub my breasts. I wanted to pull her hair. But I was being obedient. She'd told me not to move them, so I squirmed until I was otherwise instructed.

She just kept going. Her tongue felt like it was doing some type of gymnastic routine against my swollen lips. Her free hand had snaked up my body to squeeze and rub my breasts. She steadily fucked and sucked me until I thought I would explode.

"Please, baby." I screamed

"Please what?" she said.

"I want to cum! Please!" I yelled.

Her mouth left me then, but her fingers remained. Her face was just inches away from mine. When I opened my eyes, she was staring right into them. The look in her eyes was so intense. I wasn't sure if I could control my orgasm much longer.

"You wanna cum while I fuck you like this baby?" She whispered

"Yes baby. Please."

"What about if I fuck you harder?" she asked, quickening her pace

"That feels good baby." I couldn't see her anymore. My eyes were in the back of my head.

"How good?"

"So good baby, fantastic, wonderful!" I screamed

Then she whispered in my ear, "Baby, I want you to..."

"Anything," I cut her off. I meant it.

"Cum for me."

I exploded. I was floating above myself. I could see her, laying there covering most of my body with her own. I could see myself panting and writing beneath her.

As I slowly started to come down, a lazy smile played over my face.

"That was amazing baby." I slurred. She scooped her finger between my legs, grabbing a bit of wetness. I screamed at the touch. I was so sensitive. She stuck the finger in her mouth and made me wish I had the strength to go again. She was still fully dressed. I felt almost guilty that I'd had such a mind-blowing orgasm and she'd not even been touched.

"I'm sorry baby," I began, but she silenced me.

"Just lie down baby." She said, pulling a blanket from the couch and laying it over me. I fell into the most tranquil sleep of my life, totally spent.

Needless to say, I didn't get any studying done that night. But it was well worth it.