 Mandy and her lover, Lacey were bored one evening and wanted to find something to do. As they combed through the local paper in the entertainment section, a flashy ad caught their eyes at almost the same instant. It was advertising a new strip club on the outskirts of town that promised to have the hottest ladies performing and one in particular named "Candy" was being promoted as being the most kinkiest stripper in the USA. Well, Mandy and Lacey didn't even have to discuss this as they both knew that this was where they both wanted to go tonight.

As Mandy and Lacey walked into the club, the doorman smiled at the ladies and told them to go right on in as ladies never had to pay a cover charge. When they went inside the massive room, they were amazed at how elegant it was. Usually these kind of clubs were dingy and dirty and pretty much undecorated. 

There was a woman on stage dancing as she stripped and Lacey commented on her massive breasts as the stripper shimmied up next to a slippery pole and slid down and then came back up again. She was definately a sight to watch as she masturbated with the pole. The girls found a table up close to the stage and sat down as a waitress came over to take their drink orders. After they had ordered screwdrivers, they got comfy to sit back and enjoy themselves.

The dancer on stage was just finishing her act and a man came out and told the small crowd that now all the way from New Orleans was the world famous Candy! As the crowd applauded, a gorgeous brunette came out on the stage and she was like a goddess! Her skin was white and milky and the contrast with her dark hair made her even more beautiful and mystical like. 

She immediately noticed Mandy and Lacey on the front row of tables and she winked at them and told them that she would do some things in her act that she knew they would love!!!! Both ladies squealed in delight as their imaginations ran wild. 

Candy, the stripper seemed to love this kind of reaction and winked once more as the music began playing. A very sexy and sultry song was playing and Candy did a solo dirty dance as she gyrated her hips and massaged and pulled at her breasts. After a few minutes of dancing, she reached behind and undid her bikini top and tossed it in the air behind her and she didn't miss a beat with her trance like dancing.

As she danced her way over to Lacey and Mandy's table, the girls were waving bills and licking their lips to coax Candy closer. When she got to the edge of the stage, Mandy reached her arm up and tucked the five dollar bill into her g-string and let her finger stay put for a couple of seconds and then Lacey did the same thing but she also patted Candy's tight little ass. Candy once again winked at the two girls and she licked her lips in a very seductive and sexy way that made both girls yell out as the rest of the crowd was doing.

The music changed to a very charged up type of synthesizer music and Candy felt the energy inside her as she removed her g-string all the way and began strutting around the stage completely nude. The crowd was going wild at this point and Lacey and Mandy were both wet and holding hands and loving the entertainment.

A table was wheeled out on the stage and Candy danced up close to it and leaned back on the table and did a slithering type of dance on her back with her legs spread and the spotlights picked up the glistening juices beginning to gather around her clit and pussy. 

When she moved her right hand down to her pussy area, Lacey was screaming so loud that Mandy thought her ear drum was going to break.

Candy proceeded to finger her clit and her pussy and then she did something completely awesome and mind blowing! After she had inserted two fingers and then three fingers and had fucked herself a few strokes, she then put a fourth finger in and then she paused and folded her hand in and pushed her whole hand all the way inside of that hot wet pussy! It was unbelievable watching this hot woman fisting herself on stage in front of total strangers. 

The whole crowd was mesmerized as Candy began fisting herself in rhythm to the music. Her hips would raise and you'd see her wrist disappear inside and then she would pull it almost all the way out and then slide it right back in so it was buried deep inside that hungry juicy pussy. Candy made sure that the whole crowd was watching her and then she pulled her hand very slowly out and then began licking her fingers one by one and then pulling each one inside her mouth to suck them clean. This made the crowd even crazier as they watched this fantastic action up on the stage.

Candy then asked the crowd if they were a healthy crowd? 

Of course they shouted that they were and she laughed and said that she loved a healthy crowd and that she promoted good health and had veggies on a daily basis!  As she was telling the crowd this, she was waving two nice big cucumbers around in the air and the crowd was hooting and hollering and it seemed to motivate Candy into going further with her act.

There was a small contraption on the center stage floor that resembled the placeholder for a football, but it was smaller and only had a small open circle in the bottom of it. Candy bent down and placed one of the cucumbers standing on end in that opening and then looked at the crowd and winked and then rubbed her nipples till the was clapping and yelling for Candy to fuck the cucumber. 

Candy smiled her sexy smile and she looked over at Mandy and Lacey and said directly to them, "This one's for you two!" 

She then squatted over the cucumber standing at attention and as the beat of the music was playing, Candy lowered herself over the veggie and the audience saw it nearly disappear inside of her.

As she stood up, Mandy could see about an inch of the veggie sticking out and she was sooo wet just watching this as this was a favorite of her and Lacey's to do. They loved experimenting with veggies. 

Candy then got the second cucumber and placed it also on end in the holder on the floor and she turned to the crowd while pulling the cuke in and out of her love hole and they went wild all over again. She grabbed a small bottle of lubricant and she poured some in her hand and then massaged it all over her backdoor and then placed her hand over the cuke on the floor and massaged it just like a woman would do to a man's cock. It was all shiny from the lube and then she turned so her back was to the crowd and she squatted down and lowered herself lower and lower till her ass met the tip of the massive green vegetable. 

She kept lowering herself and in no time at all, the big cucumber was over halfway inside that small asshole. You can imagine what the crowd was doing at this point as she had a big cucumber in her pussy as well as her ass. She stood up and bent over to show the audience and then turned so Lacey and Mandy had an up close and personal look. They both were so turned on at this time that they had trouble sitting still in their chairs.

Candy paraded around a few minutes to the music and then as the music was coming to an end, she timed it perfect as she bent over and shot out both cuccumbers to the last beat of the song! The men went crazy trying to find those cukes and one man who grabbed one lifted it to his nose and smelled it and he looked like he would pass out from pure joy. He had the biggest grin on his face.  Lacey and Mandy took advantage of the uproar and began kissing and their tongues were going crazy tantalizing each other. But, they remembered where they were and they cut their kiss short as the crowd was settling back down again. But not before Candy had a chance to watch for a few hot seconds. When she caught their glances again, Candy just winked and smiled at the girls as if giving her approval. 

Candy walked to the center of the stage and began talking as if doing a monologue. She told the audience that at this point in her show, she liked to invite two women up on stage with her to help assist her in her next act. Looking around the audience, she noticed that Lacey and Mandy were the only women in the crowd and she winked and asked them if they would mind coming up to help her? They both looked at each other wondering what could be in store, and they giggled and agreed. Candy applauded as did the men and then told everyone that they would need a short intermission to get things ready and they would be right back! Jukebox music began playing as Candy motioned for the girls to follow her to her dressing room.

Once inside the huge room, Candy told the girls that she loved seeing them kiss out there a few minutes earlier and that she too was lesbian. She gave each one a tight hug and a kiss and she then explained that she had no idea what she had been talking about on stage about needing two women to help her but she just had to have Lacey and Mandy to herself for a few minutes atleast. The girls both laughed and said it was okay. 

But since the crowd was pretty pumped up, Candy had better think of something as they were expecting to see the three women perform soon!

"Well, would you mind getting undressed and going onstage with me and using strapons?" Candy asked the girls. 

"Oh my god!!!!" exclaimed Lacey! "I know I wouldn't mind one bit!" 

Mandy hurredly added that she had no problem either, so Candy went to her wardrobe and opened it to reveal a whole host of toys and strapons. 

The girls quickly undressed and Candy fitted both of them with a strapon that had an awesome looking dildo attached to each one. 

"Well, since this is all so unplanned, how about we all just go out there and we just do whatever comes to mind?" Candy asked the girls. 

"You got it!!" they both said at the same time and they felt charged with the electricity in the air and since both Mandy and Lacey had some exhibition fantasies, this was right up their alleys! 

As the three women went back out on stage, the men went absolutely wild! They were on their feet and applauding and screaming and making all kinds of noises! Mandy and Lacey loved the attention and also it made them both relax as they saw that the men liked what they saw. 

Candy started dancing as soon as the music came on and the two girls took their cue to also dance around and this gave them the perfect cover to kiss each other and to run their hands all over each other's body. 

After Candy smilingly watched this hot action for a bit, she danced over and the girls began kissing on her nipples and sucking them and Candy was loving it as much as the crowd was loving it. 

Mandy reached down as she sucked the right nipple and she began rubbing Candy's throbbing clit and feeling it get even harder and more excited. Lacey reached down and began circling Candy's pussy opening and then inserted two fingers inside and began humping against Candy's leg as she finger fucked the stripper.

Mandy also began humping Candy's other leg and Candy was going wild as she felt the massive strapon dildos rubbing her legs and their fingers invading her pussy and causing her clit to feel like it was on fire. 

After a few minutes of this hot action, the crowd sounded like it would bring down the rafters and money was being thrown up onto the stage like crazy. Mandy stood up and removed her fingers from the wet sloppy clit and then she leaned in and gave Candy a deep, wet, long lasting kiss and she slipped her tongue deep inside Candy's already awaiting mouth and they kissed forever.

Lacey knew it was turning Candy on as she felt her juices really begin to flow. Mandy then rotated her hips and gyrated around and parted Candy's legs with a knee and then she bent down a little to aim the dildo at Candy's passion hole and then she pushed and stood back up as she fucked the hot stripper in front of a nearly out of control crowd. Candy was riding that dildo like a bronco rider taming a wild horse. 

The action was definately sizzling!!! 

Lacey decided to add more fuel to the fire so to speak and she reached down under her own strapon and found her wetness growing beyond belief and she brought out the juices and rubbed it all over the head of her dildo. She then danced her way up close behind Candy and kissed her back and kissed her way all the way down to her firm tight ass cheeks and then she got on her knees and pulled open the cheeks and began darting her tongue all over the opening of Candy"s back door. The men loved this especially as it was usually something you didn't see at a regular strip show. 

Candy was turned on immensely at this point of the show and she knew what Lacey was getting ready to do and once again Lacey reached inside her own pussy and pulled out juices to lube up the dildo head and after it was all shiny and wet, she inched closer to Candy's ass and began sliding it in, a little at a time. When it was all the way in and she could hear Candy moaning over the crowd, she knew it felt good to the woman and she began gyrating her own hips to make the fucking motion even hotter.

Mandy was loving the attention and loved seeing Lacey doing the same thing she was and Candy was almost in oblivion as the two girls fucked both of her holes. It was feeling awesome!!!

Candy told the girls that she wanted the three of them to try and lie down together on their sides without pulling the didos out. They began moving towards the floor and amazingly it looked like they had practiced this move many times as it went smooth as silk. 

Once they were on the floor and Candy was being fucked like a wild animal, the men of the audience were unbelievable!!!! They were so loud and they had thrown up sooo much money and still throwing more. Candy raised her leg high up into the air to give the men a clear shot of both her holes being fucked. This was about the straw that broke the camel's back as when they saw this, the noise level got even louder! 

The girls both were fucking now with an intensive rhythm and they were getting soooo turned on by this show and in only a few more seconds, Candy cried out that she was going to cum and she began screaming and moaning and writhing around on that dusty stage floor and her body began bucking as she came. Mandy and Lacey had never seen a woman cum with this much force ever before. It was great to be a part of!

The girls kept up their rhythm of fucking and then began to slow it down as Candy's orgasm was subsiding. They each pulled out and then the three of them began this kiss festival but the men didn't mind at all and just kept throwing money up on the stage over the three sizzling hot women who had just fulfilled a hot fantasy for them. 

Back in the dressing room, Candy gave all of the money to Mandy and Lacey and said that was her way of saying Thanks for a memorable evening!!!! 

The girls accepted and told Candy that they had never had such a great time!!!

They all exchanged numbers and Candy promised that she would give the girls a call and get together with them for some more hot fun in the future!!!!

By this time Mandy and Lacey were so turned on and hot and wet, they told Candy bye and they drove like a bat out of hell to get home so they could ravish each other's body. They made love for hours that night and never once did either of them regret being in the hottest show in town. It was an experience that they would remember for the rest of their lives!

THE END!