 Everyone involved in sexual activity in this story is at least 18. Some situations will require you to use 'porn logic', meaning things that wouldn't fly in the real world but they do here. Just a warning. Don't complain in the comments, please.

*****

My name is Camille Ellis. I am a Health and Physical Ed teacher and coach at Rosemary High, the best all girl private school in the state. I had always wanted to be a teacher - especially of young women - ever since my experiences with my favorite teacher and mentor, Mrs. Esther Mosely.

She was the one who introduced me to the wonderful world of sapphic pleasure at the tender age of 18. From that point on, I knew my mission in life was to awaken other girls to this revelation. I combined this newfound passion with my natural affinity for physical fitness and became what I am today - a teacher, a mentor, a coach, and a sort of erotic priestess, if you will.

There was no better place to make an impact than Rosemary High. The school had a highly qualified all female staff, various sports, including swimming which I coach, and a unique set of criteria required for admittance. Before being admitted to the school, students must complete a full year of preparatory classes to highlight weaknesses and get them up to speed. 

This, of course, meant that they graduated a year later than their peers, but were much more prepared for college, evidenced by the fact that our graduates finished college much faster than the national average, and with higher GPAs. So it was well worth the wait. Another consequence of the prep buffer was that all the seniors were at least 18 years old, making them all adults and not much younger than myself.

I was only 23 and had been hired the year before, fresh out of college. Usually they required a graduate degree but my predecessor quit abruptly, leaving an opening Principal McKenna was eager to fill. And with Health and Pys Ed not being core subjects, they decided to 'settle' for me. And I was grateful.

I awoke on the first day of the school year to the nature sounds that were programmed into my alarm clock. It was more pleasant to rise to birds chirping and leaves rustling than abrasive pop or rock music. 

I sat on the edge of the bed rubbing the bridge of my nose and my eyes, shaking myself awake from my peaceful, wine-induced slumber. I stood and pushed my panties down to my ankles, stepped out of them and picked them up, lifting the flimsy grey material to my face and inhaling deeply - a daily ritual I picked up from Mrs. Esther.

I purred as usual as my aroma filled me with feminine energy. I placed them in the hamper and sprang naked from my room through my appartment into the bathroom to brush my teeth and shower. After getting all clean and applying lotion and other necessities, I stood naked in the mirror admiring myself.

I'm 5'7" tall with an average sized, athletic build. I am mixed with White and Black with a light tan skin tone, like a French vanilla cappuccino. I have long, brown silky hair that pours around my pretty, youthful face. 

I have 34C breasts that feature small areolae and tiny brown nipples that bud generously when aroused. My belly is flat and tight and my legs are fleshy but shapely and fit. My pubic hair is always trimmed but a little differently depending on how I feel. At that time I was shaved completely bare. I have a little bit of a bubble butt, but not quite enough to make it clap. hehe

My seniors last year commented that I looked a lot like Teanna Trump. As I examined my body, I realized that they were right - so much so that I briefly wondered if we were related. It felt good to be compared with one of the sexiest models in the adult film industry. I suppose that was one of the added benefits of using pornography to teach sex ed, aside from the obvious educational ones.

I got dressed in my knee length black skirt, white button down blouse and heels, grabbed my purse and keys and headed out. When I arrived, I was greeted with the smell of coffee and the familiar sight of hoards of students, all wearing their blue pleated plaid skirts, with or without stockings or knee high socks, and white or light blue blouses with the school logo on them. It was apparent that some of them ordered their skirts a size or even two too small in order to turn the modest clothing into mini skirts.

Most of the day consisted of introductions, passing out and explaining the syllabi, and making sure students had books. The first three hours were two 11th grade health classes and a gym class, then lunch and my prep hour, and the last three classes were two Sex Ed classes with another gym class in between, all three senior classes.

In the first Sex Ed class (5th hour) I had passed out the syllabi and books, introduced myself and started my intro lecture. "Sex is an extremely important part of our society, as well as it is a natural part of our individual personalities. Sex can be an expression of love shared between two or more people or even an act of self love. Everywhere we look, sex is used to draw our attention. Our society is absolutely inundated with sex. It is ubiquitous.

"And ironically, this same society that thrives on sex teaches people, especially women, to be ashamed of their sexuality. But no. We should not be ashamed of our sexuality. We should embrace it. We should enjoy it. And we should explore it, both theoretically and practically. And in this class, we will."

The class went silent for a moment as they digested my little speech. I continued, "In this class we will learn about topics such as the female anatomy, arousal, masturbation, intercourse, fetishism, and many other exciting erotic topics. At the end of this class you will be able to please any and everyone sexually including yourselves, and even including those sorry excuses for sex toys, men."

The class laughed at my jest. It's not that I hated men or that I was sexist. I just was convinced women were better in every way imaginable, maybe, just maybe, except for physical strength. 

"But, before we get into the lesson, first things first. I need a teacher's pet. Any volunteers?" I said to the class. 

"Teacher's pet? Like a teacher's assistant?" One of the girls asked confusedly.

"No. I said what I said. Sure, they will assist me if I need it, but the purpose of a teachers pet is a little different in this class. They will help with all the in-class demonstrations and after you sign up, you have no say in the matter. You must do whatever I say... does anybody in here know what a sub is?"

One girl raised her hand, the others seemed clueless. "Could you explain to the class what a sub is, please, Valerie," I said, exasperated that no one wanted to answer. I'm sure more of them knew.

"Sub is short for submissive and she is the submissive person in a BDSM relationship," Valerie chirped perkily with an unashamed smile.

"Correct! Thank you Valerie." I said. "In this class, though, we can't get into to much heavy BDSM so there is not much to worry about with respect to physical pain and what not. Mostly you'll just do demonstrations for your classmates. So who wants to be teacher's pet for the semester?" 

One hand shot up. The same as earlier. "Wow, such a good student. You'll make a great pet, I already know. Out of curiosity, what makes you so eager?" I quizzed.

"Well, I used to watch your class last year from the door some times and it was really... exciting," she giggled. 

"Oohh ok... such a naughty girl. You'll be a perfect pet, then." I encouraged. And she would be. She was a beautiful girl. She stood around 5'11" with long black hair, and cute a face. Not to mention her voluptuous body - large breasts which were most likely D cups at least, and a very curvaceous core. She had a full and ample figure but not fat, with nice thick thighs and a healthy posterior I would enjoy seeing the rest of the semester.

We finished the class with a little exhibit and discussion before I had to rush to the gym in time for my next class, a scheduling conflict I would petition Principal McKenna to change as soon as possible. But in the mean time, I had to change into gym clothes in the middle of the day, twice a day, every day. 

I began to change as soon as the first bell rang, dismissing the class and taking off my blouse simultaneously. I was pulling off my skirt and changing bras while addressing lingering students. After that I jogged to the gym wearing my two-sizes-too-small gym shorts that hugged to my hips and a matching grey triangle sports bralette that showed a little too much cleavage (If there exists such a thing as too much cleavage).

I got to the gym in time for the tardy bell. When I arrived some of the students were still coming out of the locker room, others stood around or were seated on the benches and many of them didn't have their gym uniforms on. As the rest of the girls came out, I instructed them to be seated in their designated floor spaces, or to stand there if they were still wearing the school uniforms.

"Of everyone who does not have on a gym uniform, how many of you have ordered them already?"

All of them raised their hands.

"Good. How many of you brought an extra bra and pair of panties with you?"

All but one girl raised their hands. "Ok," I began to anounce loudly and sternly, "if you have your gym uniform on then you're golden. If you don't have a uniform, though, I can't let you skip out on this important physical fitness. And I can't let you work out in your new skirts and blouses. So, those of you who brought a change of underwear must take off your skirts and blouses and spend the rest of the period in your underwear.

"And I'm sorry kiddo," I said to the only girl who had brought neither change of underwear nor uniform, "you're gonna have to spend the rest of class naked. It's improper for a girl to be rank in class." 

This was a new policy that I came up with over summer break. Girls needed to know responsibility. If they would have ordered their uniforms by August like I instructed, they'd have them by now. Plus, it was a good way to humiliate these young girls, which is a turn on for me.

A look of trepidation weighed little Hannah's face down and she turned bright pink, her eyes filling up quickly. "It's ok, Hannah. You can wear my extra undies if you want." Valerie comforted the much smaller girl. 

"Thank you, Valerie." Hannah said in a small, shaky voice, wrapping her arms around her instant bff. Val then stripped off her bra and panties, smiling right at me the whole time and tossed them on the benches. It was clear she wanted me, and I planned on making her sexy ass work for it.

"Oh, and any of you who do have your uniforms but didn't bring a change of underwear, you have to take them off so you'll have some fresh ones to put on after you shower." I added with authority.

Three uniformed girls went back to the locker room to take off underwear. Eight girls, including Hannah, did gym in underwear, one of which apparently brought panties but no bra because she went topless, and Valerie was happily naked, her beautiful breasts and butt giggling as she stretched and did the exercise drills I had prepared.

Every exercise they did, I did as well. It wouldn't be fair of me to expect something of them I wasn't willing to do. I watched Hannah closely most of the time. Her embarrasment didn't seem to lift as much as the other girls', her face flushed the entire period.

For the second half of the period I let the girls do what they wanted. Some of them set up the volley ball net and played, others sat on the bleachers and did nothing, and some used exercise machines in the glass-walled weight room. I sat and feasted on the assortment of varying degrees of flesh that my wit made available to me.

Valerie waved down at me from the track above the gym floor and later came to sit next to me, huffing and sweating, her intoxicating body aroma turning me on. I held myself together as we chatted about the upcoming school year, occasionally looking down at her crotch which was covered with thick, black hair. Such a shame, I ruminated, thinking just how badly I wanted to see, touch, and taste her young pussy now.

She seemed to know my thoughts and looked at me with a naughty smile. I shook myself out of my lustful dreamstate as Hannah walked up. "Hey, could you... give me those under... things so I can have them ready for the showers?" Hannah asked Valerie bashfully.

Valerie stood and lead her to the locker room and I was right behind them, blowing the whistle for the rest of the girls to come shower and get ready for the next class.

As I dried off after my shower I encountered Hannah, who had also finished her shower quickly. I sat down next to her, both of us stark naked and dripping wet. She began frantically searching for her towel, still blushing.

I grabbed both of her hands and looked her in her beautiful blue eyes, "there is absolutely nothing to be embarrassed about, Hannah. You have a beautiful body," I began, standing her up. "You have a gorgeous and innocent face. People would die for your natural, long, blonde hair. Your fair skin is amazing. Your shape, your cute ass and your little smooth coin slot of a pussy will make wet dreams for every girl in this locker room, including me." I said tenderly, drawing her in with my hypnotic voice.

She relaxed and smiled at me. I then released her hands and grabbed her towel, opening it and inviting her in. She submitted to the invitation and I enveloped her into my big white fluffy towel. I dried her off intimately, affectionately, looking her in her eyes when I got to her breasts, butt and her most intimate place.

I then grabbed Valeries panties out of her locker - green cotton boy shorts - and examined the tag. "These are probably two sizes too big for you. Would you like to wear mine instead? They're probably only one size up so they'll fit better. We wouldn't want your panties to slip down in the hallways now would we?" I asked her. 

She complied and I pulled out the bright, neon orange v-shaped thong, held them open infront of her feet and she stepped into them. I then pulled them up her little thighs, up around her hips tight against her crotch. They were not as tight as they were on me but they fit, as this particular pair of panties were designed to fit tightly. She was an A cup so she would have to go braless because neither of our bras would fit her.

I finished getting her dressed before she left right at the first bell. I then dried and dressed myself quickly, and speed walked back toward my class, rearranging my damp hair into a pony tail. 

I didn't too much care for the way Valerie's panties felt against my body. They were pretty loose and kept bunching up under my skirt, causing me to adjust them several times. I reasoned that I'd wear them until the end of the 7th and last hour and give them back to Val.

When I finally arrived to my second seniors' Sex Ed class, most of the students were already there, patiently waiting for class to start. A few were still trickling in, including two girls who were arguing about something when I walked past them in the hallway. I didn't bother to interfere since it seemed like normal teen drama.

When they walked in I realized that the two girls were the Muños sisters, Aida and Bianca. Aida and Bianca were latina fraternal twins. They were both pretty petite but Bianca was a little taller, at around 5'5", her body was a tad bit fuller, and her skin was a little darker. She actually looked like a black girl, with milk chocolate skin and I was fairly certain the Muñoz's had some percentage of Black in their blood. 

Aida was 5'3 with a thin, athletic build and light, creamy, tan skin. They both had nice B cup breasts but Bianca had a nice, round, black girl booty, whereas Aida's was smaller but still nice.

The girls seemed to be still angry from arguing with each other and entered, sitting on complete opposite sides of the room - I'd have to address that later but for the time, I needed to start the class.

I began with the same spiel as last time and ended it by asking for any volunteers for teacher's pet, this time carefully explaining what I meant, correcting my earlier assumption that my students would have prior knowledge. No one volunteered. "If no one volunteers then I guess I'll have to choose someone myself." I announced and waited a few moments.

"Still no volunteers? Alright, I guess I'll pick." I surveyed the room. I need more of a challenge. Valerie was all too eager to volunteer last class. One of the Muñoz girls? Nah, they're trouble makers - not the kind of challenge I need. Hmmm... Sage? I pondered, looking at the beautiful pale skinned girl in the front row.

She wore short ice blonde hair that only almost reached her shoulders. She was covered in tattoos as I had seen in gym class because she was the one who went topless. She also had multiple piercings, three in each ear, a ring in her nose, one in her lip, one in her eye brow, a barbell in her tongue, both nipples and her belly button. I would have guessed she had a clit piercing too.

I decided against choosing her, though she was beautiful. All her tattoos would distract from the study of the female form. Besides, I needed someone who I could demonstrate piercings to the class on and she had enough of them already.

I looked around the top row of the college lecture hall styled classroom. My eyes landed on my final choice. She was slumped in her seat, obviously trying to avoid my searching eye. "Hannah Ross, you'll be my teacher's pet."

"Yes ma'am." She sighed quietly, probably reasoning that she had no say in the matter.

"Perfect! But before we get started with our first lesson, I have to address another matter. Tamika Collins, I didn't see you in the showers. Neither did I see you even change your underwear in the locker room." I accused the tall, dark chocolate girl in the middle row off to my right.

"I did shower, Ms. Ellis. You must have just missed me, but I swear I did. And I put on fresh bra and panties. No lie." Tamika exclaimed.

I gazed at her in disbelief and disappointment. I had seen her sneak her skirt and top back on and leave the gym abruptly. I decided to make an example of her. "Ok, I believe you. But would you stand up and come here please, Tamika," I coaxed.

She stood up and began to descend the wide steps toward the front of the class, her confident walk complimenting her model-esque, 5'10" frame. Her cute eyes and smile shined underneath her long, straight, black hair as she approached me. 

I directed her to turn toward the class and stand beside me. "Now, take off your bra." I ordered. She gasped and looked wide-eyed at me for a few moments. I gave her a solemn death stare, then she turned around and began to jostle about, untucking her shirt. I grabbed her shoulders and gently turned her around to face the class again. She shot a look of disdain at me as she reached underneath her shirt, unclasped the front of her plain black bra and pulled it from under her blouse and handed it to me.

I looked at the tag. "34B, nice." I pulled the damp bra to my face and gave it a whiff. "Hmm... this sweaty bra smells like someone was running on a treadmill for a half hour in it. But it couldn't have been Tamika because she's all showered and changed." I quipped facetiously. 

"Tell me, does this feel and smell like the bra of someone who recently showered to you guys?" I asked with sarcasm as I passed Tamika's bra around the classroom, her classmates laughing while they played with her clothes. 

"Ok. I'm sorry, Ms. Ellis. I just-" the girl began to apologize, overwhelmed with embarrassment before I interrupted.

"Now the Panties," I said holding my hand out, looking straight forward, ignoring her plea. 
