 It had been a bad evening. Dinner with Brad, then the worst argument of their relationship. It was just a really bad evening. Bad enough to make Lisa think she should swear off boys! When Lisa arrived for school the next morning, after her doctor's appointment, Joan was quick to track her down before her first class started. 

"Lisa, could you please come into my office for a few seconds?" Joan asked her in the crowded hallway. Together, they retired into Joan's guidance office, the one without any windows to the outside. Joan closed the door behind her, without locking it. 

"How did it go?" the guidance counselor asked the sexy teen, trying to keep any hint of concern out of her voice. 

"Stop worrying, Joan." Lisa answered, "The tests were negative. See, I knew there'd be no problem." 

"When you're eighteen, that's an easy assumption to make." was all Joan could reply. 

"Besides," Lisa said with that flirtatious, seductive tone her voice could take on, "I just loved the visit. They always give me special treatment there." 

"Really?" said Joan, settling back into her chair behind the desk. "And all for free? That's one nice doctor. I ought to go to him." 

"Yeah, you ought to. And his receptionist is pretty cool too!" 

God, Joan thought, did this slut fuck the doctor and his receptionist in their office? If it were anybody but Lisa, she'd know they were lying. But that's what she was implying, not by her words but the tone of voice they were spoken in. 

"Would you like to tell me the details?" asked Joan. 

"Sure, but maybe later, at your house?" replied Lisa. "I have to go to class soon." Her smile was wicked and seductive. Joan felt the little demon turn loose in her. She looked at the smiling, sexy girl, and remembered what furious sex they'd had between each other and with John. She could feel her own honey start to flow from the thought. She looked at the closed, but unlocked door. The demon began pricking her softly with his little trident. 

"Yes. Later, at my house. Around ten tonight." she told Lisa, who got up to leave with a "Yes, ma'am" and an evil grin. 

"Not yet." said Joan. "Sit down." Lisa sat back down. 

"Show me your tits." Joan whispered, loud enough for Lisa, but hopefully not for anyone outside to hear. 

The uninhibited girl did not hesitate, or even look back at the unlocked door. She simply pulled her blouse from out of her pants, and lifted it up to reveal her gorgeous braless tits, taut and proud in youth, their nipples brown and standing up. 

"So pretty." Joan said. "Now, flick your left nipple and make it as hard as it can be." 

Lisa did exactly that, but sexily and seductively, true to her nature. The forefinger of her right hand rubbed and pinched and flicked at her left nipple until the pleasure made it stand up in it's full crinkly glory. 

"Does that make your honey flow in your pussy, naughty girl?" Joan asked. 

"Yes, Miss Chen." Lisa replied in the submissive voice that made Joan's own pussy tingle and surge. 

"I don't think I can wait until ten tonight. Put your blouse back in and meet me in the library thirty minutes after school is over, today." Joan ordered. Lisa replied, "Yes, Ma'am" in that submissive voice that she, being a savvy young thing, knew turned Joan on more than just about anything. She tucked the blouse back into her shirt, and slipped out the door, leaving Joan to wonder how in hell she was going to make it through the day with her head full of nasty thoughts about fucking Lisa as soon as possible. Her time would be well spent, from the school's point of view, if she just masturbated right here at her desk before the day really started, but she just couldn't see herself explaining that to the school board at her termination of employment hearing, so she had to wait. Having a student show her breasts even for a minute was enough risk to run, at least for one morning. 

Marsha Long looked up at the clock on the wall of the library, her library. Three forty five. Only fifteen more minutes until her official time was up. And, she thought happily, only five more days until school was out, and five more after that for staff, and then it was time to head for the beach! Beaches were one of the things she loved about America. The waters of the Pacific were warm, not like in her native England, and you could sit there all day and soak up the sun, and ogle the lasses in their skimpy bikinis, thinking all the while about what you'd do to them if you could get them alone for a little private time. 

Not that she often did, of course, because for her the career had to come first. Her family was not wealthy, and only the death of her one rich uncle had provided the money to get an education in America. She had studied Library Science at UCLA, and this was the first job for the ambitious twenty-five year old. She was determined to do a great job and move up in the world. 

She walked among the library computers, making sure each one was re-booted and ready for the next day. It was one of her last tasks, and she finished as the janitors completed their vacuuming, switched off the noisy machines, and closed the library door. Peace at last. She switched off the main lights, and settled into the cube at the far corner of the large (for a high school) library, and logged in. 

Her friends at college had left an account open for her on the university computer. It was a way around the block the school had on internet access. That way, she could log in to the UNIX machine, and use TIN to browse newsgroups the students at Claremont could never see. One of her favorites was alt.sex.stories. 

Of course, it was hard to find anything interesting amid the horrible sloan and dross that had invaded her place in the last year, and was only getting worse. But you could still find the occasional nugget you just had to work harder at it. The moderated newsgroup was nicer, but there weren't as many stories there. You were less likely to find a good realistic lesbian story, and that was what she really preferred, especially one with lots of sexy kissing. 

The codes were helpful, and she looked at several with an FF code. The first two were pretty standard fare; but the third, even though FF was only one of the combinations, had possibilities. It involved a sexy high school senior and a school employee, and the atmosphere was slutty while staying positive and sexy. Several screens into the story, by the time the girl lay over the older woman's lap with her ass raised for a spanking, Marsha was hooked. Spanking, when one girl does it to another, was one of her pet kinks. She could feel her pussy tingle and her juice flow as she read on. 

Jesus and Mary, as the girl was spanked, she had to confess her sins, and one of them was getting horny as she was spanked! The talk was dirty without being demeaning. Eventually, the girl got finger fucked to orgasm, in both the ass and the pussy, then had to eat the older woman right there in her chair. There was something about a man watching, but Marsha was not interested in that part. 

By the time she finished the story, her English blood was boiling. Rarely had anything made her so horny so fast! She had forced herself to keep her finger off her pussy, because she just didn't feel comfortable pulling down her pants in her own library. She wished she'd worn a dress today dresses were easier to push up to get to the sweet spot. 

It was time to go, once again, to the AV storage room. Before, during a couple of other periods of after-school desperation, Marsha had decided that the little room off the library, which not even the janitors had a key to, was the perfect place for privacy. The expensive audio-visual stuff was stored there, and only the principal and a few other employees had a key. She had one, because as librarian she controlled who had access to the AV equipment. 

She crossed the dark, silent, empty library and moved swiftly up to the windowless door. Quietly, she slid her key in the lock and turned, and then equally silently she slipped inside and closed the door. She didn't know why she was so quiet; it was just instinct, since her mission was one of very unauthorized self-gratification it just felt natural to be sneaky. Take no chances beyond those necessary was one of her mottoes. 

She had barely turned around to walk down to the little chair in the back when she heard it. 

"Ooooohh!" a high-pitched feminine voice half-whispered. To the experienced ear, the tone said only one thing: sex! Someone was having sex in the AV room! Marsha realized this with a shock that made her forget her own horniness. But how? No one had a key except a few adults. It must be kids, maybe they had snuck in earlier in the day, hid out, and were now shamelessly fucking. 

Cautiously, the librarian decided to check it out before intervening, as she knew she must do. You couldn't be too careful: Perhaps several boys were raping a girl (though the sound was one of pleasure not pain), at any rate, better to see what you're getting into before jumping in. She carefully took a couple of steps toward where she thought the cry came from, in the back of the room behind some filing cabinets. "Ooooooo yes" she heard again as she got closer. It sure sounded like someone was having a hell of a lot of fun. 

As she got close enough to see around the cabinets that hid the action, partially, she could only see two obviously feminine legs, on a spread-out blanket no less, but oddly, they were pointed knees down, not up, and they were not spread. 

"Oh yes, baby slut, yes." the high-pitched voice gasped in a sort of a whisper, as if she was trying to keep the noise down. Marsha took another cautious step, and this revealed the outlines of what was happening. Although neither upper body was revealed, you could see a superbly sexy ass on the girl whose belly was on the blanket, and you could see the calves and feet of -- another woman? -- on either side of the ass. The legs were spread and the knees bent. With a shock and thrill, Marsha realized they were two girls. 

The librarian relaxed somewhat. With no boys, there was less of a physical threat. These days, you couldn't just burst in on students engaged in illegal or immoral activities without running the risk of being a part of those activities in a very unpleasant way. But who were the girls, and was there a boy there she didn't see yet? 

Another quiet step closer. The room was lit only by two skylights, and the light was adequate but not bright. But once she got a look at the head of the girl doing the licking, she recognized instantly the red mane of Lisa Cunningham. No surprise there. Lisa was well known among students and faculty alike as being both bisexual and promiscuous. Secretly, Marsha had in fact invited Lisa to many a private orgy in the fantasy space inside her brain. Together, in the darkness of her apartment, alone in her bed, the librarian had fantasized nearly every nasty combination two girls could get into with Lisa as her co-pilot. Now she was seeing the real thing. 

Marsha could feel her emotions changing. The arousal that she had crept into this back room with had begun to return. Two girls, licking one another! How she'd wished she had the guts, or the stupidity, to be able to hook up with Lisa or a few of the other bisexual or lesbian students. Her cunt had told her yes a thousand times, but her brain always overrode it. Now all she could do was watch. 

Who was the other? The librarian took one step closer, trying to see around the cabinets. But it was risky. She noticed a little stool near her, and carefully pulled it over. She stood up on it, slowly, and was able to get an above view over the cabinets at the lusty lesbian sex scene not fifteen feet away in the dimly-lit room. 

The other girl was blonde and looked much older. Her head was turned away, but she soon in her pleasure agony turned it face up. Then Marsha got her second shock in as many minutes: Joan Chen, the guidance counselor! Holy Mary Mother of God! While she, Marsha, had been a proper employee, the seemingly conservative Joan was getting it on with the sexiest girl in school! She felt a twinge of envy mixed in with the shock. It was even more shocking, considering not only that no one could have suspected the proper Miss Chen of sexual misconduct, but also that Joan was obviously dating the equally conservative John Renfield. Now Marsha was watching her not just have sex with a student, of the same sex, but also cheat on her boyfriend into the bargain. 

I should just creep out of here, Marsha thought. No need to get mixed up in this; it's between Joan and Lisa. Yes: that's what she thought, but that's not what she did. She did not move from the stool. Her eyes took in the lewd scene, but her body did not respond except to stand there, and start the sluice gates between her legs flowing again. 

"Jesus Christ you cunt licking little whore, you're gonna kill me with that sweet tongue." Joan gasped and grunted as Lisa's head bobbed up and down between her spread legs. The teen was not being subtle. Her tongue swiped and flicked at the older woman's hard clit, stopping only to dip deep inside and scoop up the overflowing honey that cascaded from the desperately aroused guidance counselors hot slit. 

"Tongue fuck me till I cum in your face." Joan swore fiercely. A man might have misunderstood this to mean put his tongue in her vagina, but Lisa knew what she meant was to get her off fast. She puckered her sweet sexy lips around the hard little nubbin of pleasure, and at the same time both sucked on it, and laved it with her tongue. The purpose was to induce orgasm, and the expert oral act did its job well. 

Marsha watched from her perch rapt, hardly even blinking, as the athletic body of the sexy Joan began its cum. First, her toes curled, then her legs flexed and her hips rose up off the blanket. Her head arched back as far as possible, as with her eyes tight shut she began gasping "yes yes fuck yes oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh". Her hips began hunching almost violently against the embedded face of the sucking teenager. Marsha could see Lisa's tits and ass quiver as her body absorbed the shocks the humping loins of the older woman administered to her. She took it without complaint, holding her face tight against the spasming cunt. 

"Aaaaaggggghhhhhh!" Joan gargled, and her hips made two more heaves off the blanket before settling down. Her chest pumped air as the sexy Lisa seemed to gently lick and kiss the open wet slit. Eventually, the teen left her pleasure nest and rested her head on the upper thigh of the sprawled Joan. The girl's whole face was shiny and slick with Joan's cum honey, it even covered her cute little rounded pug nose. 

"God, Joan, I though you were going to hump my nose off." Lisa smiled through her cum-covered lips. She began to lick them like a cat licking the remnants of milk from its mouth. 

Joan could talk only in bursts. "You make me cum that hard...honey you better get out of the way...or take the consequences." 

"But you told me you wanted me to keep my tongue up in your cunt as far as it would go when you came." Lisa reminded her. 

"That's right." Joan replied. What, did the girl want her to make sense twenty seconds after one of the most mind-blowing cums of her life? 

Marsha was rooted to her spot. Now that the women were no longer distracted by their sexual activity, they could possibly hear any slight move she made. She held herself still as a statue, but her eyes kept staring at the blanket and the two women. Lisa was entirely naked, she didn't even have socks on. Joan on the other hand still had on her dress, but it was pushed up to her waist, and her panties and shoes and socks lay on the floor with Lisa's blouse and pants and other clothes. 

Joan's chest eventually settled back to normal breathing, and she propped her head up on one arm, to look down at Lisa's freckled face framed by the red hair, still resting on a thigh, still covered with Joan's own special honey. The older woman stretched her other arm down to the smiling face, and tenderly ran her fingers over the upturned side of the teens head, near her ear. 

"You don't really mind if I call you things like slut and whore when we're fucking, do you honey?" Joan asked gently. 

"No, I want to be your slut, and your whore. I want to give myself to you completely, like I never have to anyone else. You have my body and soul. I'll do anything for you, anything with you and anything to you." 

"That's sweet baby. And John too, you'll do whatever we ask?" 

"Yes, I will. If you want, I'll do anything with anyone, and let anything be done to me." 

"Sweet Lisa, as your counselor I have to tell you that's a promise you should never make to anyone, not even me, nor to any other lover. Anything covers too much. I wouldn't want you to be hurt, now or in the future. There are plenty of people out there that will pretend to love you only to abuse you, men and women. But I want you to know that with me, and with John, you'll be safe and never hurt. Do you understand?" 

"I trust you, that's why I made the offer." Lisa replied. 

Marsha began to feel uncomfortable. It was one thing to watch the two fuck, but somehow it seemed an even worse invasion of their privacy to listen to their intimate talk. Besides, she was learning things she wasn't sure she wanted to know: like that Renfield was in on this too. God, how depraved. And she was just as depraved, really, as she stood still, a peeping Tomasina, her own cunt leaking honey from the arousal she felt. She wanted to get out and leave, but was fearful that any noise would alert them to her presence. If they would just start the sex again, she'd leave under cover of their distraction once they got into it. 

"Joan, I've been naughty again." she heard Lisa say. 

"In what way?" Joan asked. 

"I let a man cum in my pussy again." 

"Who was it?" 

"It was Dr. Kelly. He shot his cum up in me when I went to my appointment." 

"You're a very naughty girl, Lisa." 

"It's even worse, Miss Chen. Not only did he shoot his hot load of cum all in my pussy, but he shot another load on my face. And his receptionist Wendy shot her cum out of her pussy on my face too, twice, the second time while Dr. Kelly was shooting his." 

"Did you protest this, naughty girl?" Joan could feel her own cunt getting a surge as the hot words spilled out. God, was this girl ever a hot slut, and a precious find. 

"No, Miss Chen, I'm so naughty that I was begging for it. I wanted his big long dick stuffed inside me. I wanted him to cum on and in me. When I saw Wendy shoot juice out when she came, I wanted that too. I drank it down, Miss Chen." 

"So he has a big cock, and you wanted it. And you say this Wendy girl shoots juice out of her pussy when she cums? Are you lying to me, naughty girl?" 

"No, Miss Chen, I'd never seen that before, but she cums almost like a man, except her cum is clear and tastes like girl cum, and squirts from her pussy hole." Joan had never seen this either, but she'd heard and read about it. 

"You have been a bad girl, Lisa. Do you think you need punishment?" 

"Yes, Miss Chen, I know I do. My ass needs to be spanked, to atone for the trouble I keep getting into." 

"Alright, there's a chair over there. Bring it here and set it up right on the blanket." Joan ordered. Why there was this chair in the AV storage room she didn't know. Nor could she imagine that Marsha put it there, to sit in while she masturbated after school following reading of nasty lesbian spanking stories. 

The watching Marsha could not help but feel an incredible thrill shoot through her body as she realized the sexy young girl was going to be spanked. Spanking was one of her secret thrills. She was no virgin, she had had girls, and they had had her. But she was always turned on by the idea of being spanked. And in her twenty-five years she had never felt such a strong surge of lust as she felt now. She could not leave and miss this once-in-a-lifetime chance. 
