 The first time I saw Jessica I was overwhelmed by her beauty, and more than a little put out. She was the girlfriend of Will, my boyfriend Matt's friend and co-worker, and as such we were expected to meet, and become the best of friends. Jessica was a little older than me, perhaps 27 or 28, and carried herself with the cool confidence of one who is fully aware of their own beauty. From the very first time we were introduced I was totally in awe of her, and felt hopelessly inadequate alongside her. She was several inches taller than me, about five eight with the kind of body that reduces men to little boys and women to the very depths of despair. Her curves were in all the right places, her waist tiny, her hips gently swelling out, her breasts a perfect C cup. Her legs were long and shapely, smooth with a hint of a tan. Her hair tumbled in soft waves halfway down her back, its colour a rich brown that conjured up images of soft melting chocolate. Her eyes in comparison were a striking blue, the lashes long. She had the most beautiful lips, plump and blushing, that parted slightly when she smiled to reveal brilliant white teeth and a hint of a soft pink tongue. 

All at once I was horribly jealous of her beauty, her poise, the easiness with which she laughed and flirted with the guys, and hopelessly in love with her. I was shy and awkward, like a teenager with a crush, and had no idea what to say to her. Luckily she had no such problem and conversed happily with me on a number of topics, not even seeming to notice my nervousness. She even seemed to like me and was soon suggesting we meet up for dinner and drinks at the place she and Will shared at the weekend. 

I was of course thrilled that we had struck up a friendship, that somebody like her would want to be friends with somebody like me, but also more than a little apprehensive. I would have to spend a whole evening making intelligent, interesting conversation, and eat a three course meal without spilling, dropping or god knows what else. 

I spent most of Saturday preparing myself. Whilst I knew I had no hope of comparing with the stunning Jessica, I could at least look my best. I took a long hot bath with scented oils and a chilled glass of white wine. I shaved my legs until they were smooth and silky and washed and blow dried my long blonde hair. I decided to wear a pretty, light blue dress that matched my eyes and my favourite pair of kitten heels. Matt laughed at me for taking so much effort, men of course never being able to understand the pressure to look good for other women. 

I felt reasonably good about myself, but when we arrived that soon changed. Jessica looked absolutely amazing, her perfect hourglass figure encased in a beautiful black dress, cut low enough to showcase her breasts, but not so low as to look cheap. The dress fit her like a second skin, skimming over her curves and finishing just above her knees. Her hair was freshly washed and shining, her eyes sparkling, her cheeks slightly flushed. When she leaned in to kiss me hello she smelled of vanilla and jasmine, with a slight spicy edge of shiraz.

The combination of the hot bath and chilled wine had gone to my head a little bit and as my eyes travelled over that perfect body I felt a little hint of desire. This surprised me, whilst I could appreciate a woman's body I'd never actually been attracted to a woman that I knew. I glanced at Matt to see if he'd noticed but he was too busy ogling Jessica himself to have picked up on anything.

The dinner was very good. They had made a delicious fresh tomato and basil soup to start, followed by roast beef. The wine was flowing freely, the spicy shiraz I had smelled on Jessica's breath earlier, a perfect accompaniment to the beef. Several times I looked up and caught Jessica watching me, a strange little smile upon her face. The boys chatted on and on, about work, football, music, their voices getting ever louder as they drank more wine, oblivious to the fact that Jessica and I were barely talking, communicating instead with our eyes. The atmosphere between us was strange, a little tense, charged. The wine emboldened me to look her in the eye, almost challengingly, to run my gaze over her, lingering on her lips staining a deep red as she sipped her wine. In return I felt her eyes on me, felt my skin prickle as if she were actually touching me, the little hairs standing up on the back of my neck. 

When we had finished our mains she disappeared into the kitchen for some time, finally returning with the piece de resistance. A bowl of hot, thick creamy melted chocolate, and a platter of plump crimson strawberries, bursting with ripeness. The men dug in at once, crudely dunking the strawberries, getting chocolate all over their hands and the table. 

Jessica waited until they resumed their conversation. She looked me straight in the eye, her sapphire blue eyes burning into mine, then reached out and selected the biggest, ripest strawberry. I watched the curve of her beautiful dainty wrist as she dipped it into the hot pool of chocolate, lifted it out once, letting the rich creamy chocolate dribble slowly down the fruit and drip back into the bowl, then moved it to her perfect lips. I couldn't take my eyes off her as she slowly parted her lips, and pushed the tip of the strawberry against her wet pink tongue. She gently bit into it, the ripe juices leaking out, over the curve of her lips, trickling slowly down her chin. All the while she did not take her eyes off me. 

It was the single most erotic thing I had ever seen. I was unbelievably aroused, feeling as warm and wet as the chocolate. It seemed such a bold and brazen thing to do, so overtly sexual, but the boys were far too drunk and absorbed in their own conversation to even notice. Jessica spoke then, breaking the mesmerising electric tension that seemed to hang between us with a jolt.

'Will, why don't you and Matt go down to the pub for a bit? Ashley and I can clear up here'

Will looked genuinely delighted, as if all his birthdays had come at once, and they both got up abruptly, before Jessica could change her mind. I couldn't believe it, she was creating an opportunity for us to be alone. I was suddenly nervous, I didn't know whether she was genuinely flirting with me or whether it was all a joke. I hadn't even kissed a woman before let alone anything else. 

I busied myself with collectin g the plates, in my haste letting a fork slide from one of them to fall with a loud clang on the table, reverberating loudly in the now silent room. I reached to pick it up with clumsy fingers but felt a soft hand placed firmly on my arm. I lifted my eyes and met Jessica's intense blue gaze. 

'Ashley, calm down' her voice was low, comforting and slightly amused. 'Put those dishes down, we can deal with them later, come sit down and have a drink with me'

I followed her over to the sofa, my glass unsteady in my trembling hand. She sat down next to me, close enough for me to feel the smooth silk of her knee against mine. 

'You look beautiful tonight' she murmured

'Not as beautiful as you, you always look amazing' I managed to reply

'Yes, far more beautiful than me, and you don't even know it' she was looking at me tenderly. She leaned forward and pushed a strand of hair back from my face. She was so close I could again smell the vanilla and jasmine, I could feel her breath on the side of my neck, making me shiver. I knew she was going to kiss me, and I was scared, but I knew that I wanted it. Not breaking the eye contact she gently pressed her lips against mine. It was soft, and warm, and totally different to kissing a man. I was used to Matt with his stubble and more aggressive kissing style, this was a whole new experience. As I tentatively kissed her back I felt her part those soft lips and a jolt of electricity shoot through me as I felt her tongue touch mine. 

She pulled me closer, her kisses becoming more passionate, more urgent. I was aware of so many things, the sweet smell of her perfume, the slight alcoholic taste of her tongue, the silk of her hair brushing against my bare shoulder, the warmth of her breast pressed against mine.

My senses were alert, my skin tingling as I became more and more turned on.

I made myself break away from her though, the thought of the boys coming back and finding us like this playing on my mind. She seemed to read my mind and gave a little smile

'Don't worry, its still early, they won't be back from the pub for hours yet'

She made to move in and kiss me again, but noticing my unease asked

'Is everything okay?'

'Its just, I've never done this before, I've never even kissed a girl, I'm just not sure what I'm doing'. I blushed

'Its okay, just relax....' She kissed me again then, lingering for just a moment, gently scraping my bottom lip with her teeth as she moved away. I felt hot breath on my neck and the ends of her hair brush against my nipples, making them hard and aching, as she grazed my skin with her teeth, ran her tongue along my collar bone. I felt her gently slide down the straps of my dress as she moved her mouth along my shoulder, covering my skin with tiny kisses and licks. I caught my breath in anticipation as I felt her tongue trace a path along the tops of my breasts. My nipples were aching and impatient, begging to be touched. I felt her kiss lower, lower, then a spark shot through my whole body as her soft tongue came into contact with my hard throbbing nipple. She licked it gently, teasing it with the very tip of her tongue, making it wet then blowing gently on it, the cool air making it stiffen still further. I couldn't help but let out a small moan, the pleasure was excruciating. 

Another moan, this one of frustration, escaped my lips as I felt her pull away. I opened my eyes, watched her get to her feet, and panicked. Why was she leaving? What had I done wrong? But she was only going to the dining table, returning with the platter of strawberries in hand. She said nothing, but sitting back down beside me selected a strawberry, and bit off the tip, leaving the juicy flesh exposed. She then proceeded to trace around and around my breasts with that strawberry, leaving a trail of sweet sticky juice behind, which she slowly, tantalisingly chased with her tongue. She then started to tease my nipples with the end of the strawberry, it was cold against the fire that burned in them, soft against their aching hardness, and sticky. The feeling was exquisite. She used the strawberry to tease one nipple and took the other into her mouth, sucking it gently against her tongue, her teeth.

I was so turned on I could hardly control myself. I felt my own juices starting to trickle out, just like those from the strawberry. I was moaning out loud and squirming under the heat of her mouth. Sensing it was time to move on Jessica slowly started to pull my dress down further and then it fell in a pile at my feet. She gasped at the sight of my body. I felt the strawberry being slowly moved down over my stomach, tugging at my skin. When she reached my knickers she looked up into my eyes and slowly hooked her fingers underneath them and pulled them down.

The sight of a beautiful brunette pulling my knickers down was unbelievably arousing. I'd never even dreamed of seeing a woman between my legs like this. Jessica smiled and gently pushed my legs apart. Whilst I felt embarrassed at a stranger seeing me this intimately I was so turned on I didn't care. I felt the strawberry continue its journey downwards, over my lower stomach, through the small strip of pubic hair and down, down. 

I gasped as the soft, wet fruit bumped over my clitoris. Jessica started to tease my clit the same way she had my nipples, circling the tip of the strawberry round and round. I was moaning loudly now, involuntarily opening my legs wider. She moved the strawberry down, into my wetness and then the next sight nearly brought me to orgasm right then and there, she slowly brought the strawberry up to her mouth and ate it.

She selected another strawberry and positioned it at the entrance to my pussy. She then started to push the tip inside me, very gently, teasing me, before slowly pulling it out again. I squirmed beneath her, becoming wetter and wetter with every stroke, I could feel my orgasm building, coiled tightly inside me, the pressure becoming more and more intense. She pulled the strawberry from me then, and crushing it in her hand let the juices run all over my clit and down over my pussy, mingling with my own juices. Pushing my legs still farther apart she leaned in and started to lick my clit with her wet little tongue, those perfect plump lips pushing against me as she lapped up all the juices. She worked two of her slim feminine fingers into my pussy, curling them against my g spot. I looked down at her long chocolate brown curls between my thighs, her face buried in my pussy. I was bucking against her as she fucked me with her fingers, the hard tip of her tongue all over my clit. I was so close to cumming, the tight twisted coil inside me just about to break. 

She pushed a third finger into me, at the same time sucking my clit into her mouth and I felt myself cum harder than ever before, my back arching as my pussy started to spasm, my juices gushing out. I grabbed the back of Jessica's head and ground my pussy against her face as I moaned in ecstasy, her fingers still working deep inside me. 

I collapsed back against the sofa, my breathing ragged, my whole body still feeling the aftershocks. Jessica sat down next to me, pulled me close to her, kissed my cheek, my hair, my lips. I was embarrassed now that I'd totally let myself go but she made me look her in the face and said 'That was amazing. You're amazing' and kissed me again. 

I lay back against the cushions and closed my eyes, feeling the relaxing effects of such a huge orgasm. After a few minutes I heard Jessica get up and begin clearing the dishes from the table. I put my dress back on and went to the bathroom to rearrange my hair. When I came back Jessica was sitting on the sofa again, glass of wine in her hand. She smiled at me and I went over and sat with her. We didn't mention what had just happened but spent the rest of the time until the boys came back in companionable silence. They were far too drunk to notice that anything had gone on and we left soon after, Jessica giving me a hug and a kiss on the cheek, leaning in to whisper that we really must meet up again soon.