 So in being a writer on this site, and been contacted by other writers, I was encouraged to read ANOTHER writer's work, a young college student/stripper named Brittni. I am attracted to younger women and she is attracted to Cougars so we began to flirt with each other by email. I am a Philly Gal and she's a California Surfer girl...all golden skin and sexy little tan lines. Brittni sent me pics and FUCK ME, what a little hottie. She looked like a mix between Brittney Spears and Kristen Bell. Beautiful long limbed body, hot little firm upturned tits and a hot ass. Mmmmm....

She couldn't get over how hot my tits were, nor the fact that I was 40 and didn't look it. She admitted she always watched Lesbian porn like I do and preferred men but enjoyed women too. She hooks up with her girlfriend on occasion. She dances for a living to put herself through school. Through corresponding with her, I learned that she was a strong Alpha woman just like I am. She likes to dominate men, and I have that streak as well. And...she has a Foot Fetish, and so do I. But that is a story for another day lol.

We began to become friends. Of course I was turned on by her and we talked a great deal about sex. I have had a lot of lovers, being the sexually wild woman that I am, both male and female. Apparently, the Tiny dancer was a bit of a Cum-Slut. Intriguing...I can't say as I have ever been a fan of guzzling gallons of the stuff but she wrote about her experiences with a Glory Hole. We began to compare Fellatio techniques. Girl talk is a LOT of fun because even though it arouses both of us, it's not the same as talking to a man about sex. We are ALL about sensuality...and expression. Not just lust. 

So naturally, the talk turned to lovers. I told her about how much I was enjoying the Italian Stallion, the kinkiness of our affair. She was intrigued. Tell me more!, she always insisted. So I would send her the stories and tell her of how hard he made me cum. Then I sent her a video of Mario and I fucking. She wrote that she got soooo turned on by the sight of my bearded Dark Horse that she started touching herself. She rubbed and rubbed and pulled her little until she came. Thinking about being with us. Touching my giant tits that were flopping around with every one of his thrusts. She said it was so incredibly hot hearing him fuck me on video. Seeing my body contort as I came. Legs shaking. Chest and face flushing. Huge watermelon tits bouncing like beach balls as he rode me hard. She especially liked when I had multiple orgasms.

Mario and I shot a video specifically FOR her. He pulled my pussy open on film to show her my Secret garden and asked her to film to get in there and lick my clit as he fucked me. She wasn't to touch him at all, he said. All the attention was on me and making me cum like a bitch in heat. She LOVED It!

Can you squirt?, she wrote one day. Yes, I can, I replied, what is more, I just had a threesome with a couple and I made HER squirt and gave her 10 orgasms. I remember that night, smile. I bet I can make YOU squirt, I wrote her....her reply was, You would have to try very hard. Not a problem darlin'....I could make love to that tight little athlete's body allll day. AND I would cook you dinner LOL.

We began to talk of owning your sexuality. Marching to your own drummer. Being strong independent women who are passionate lovers. Taking what we want and playing with men. The Art of the Tease. The Tease is a very important part of Making Love. The buildup....the emotions.....the spiritual connection. The feel of skin, lips, hair...curves, hills and valleys...secret little places. Hips moving in an Ancient rhythm as old as the Sea Gods....and the Water Nymphs.

I am a White Witch. We are the Healers, the Seers and the Wise Women. I work with the Elements of Air, Fire, Earth and Water. When I would think of Brittni, as I was beginning to do with some regularity, I pictured her in the Glittering turquoise depths of the Pacific Sea. Graceful tendrils of hair flowing from her, sculpted arms and her perfect body swimming with ease amongst the most beautiful of sea creatures. Was she a descendent of the Goddess Amphitrite, Wife of Poseidon? Or did she spring from the Sea-Foam? No matter. I felt her Spirit through our emails.

I had a Chef conference coming up in California. California Dreamin' Indeed, I thought, laughing my bawdy laugh to myself. Might be a good idea to stay a lil while....get some sun.....relieve some stress...evil little giggle. I LOVE Strip clubs. I love watching all those athletic sexy curvy women dance and move their bodies in sensual exotic ways. I am always impressed with how strong they are and flexible. Pole Dancers are amazing. You are essentially a very conditioned athlete if you can do that. Brittni told me she loves the attention her hot little body gets...how aroused men are when they get a lap dance from them. And she gets women too. Women who are dying to play with her perfect tits but they aren't allowed....no no no....all Art of the Tease.

So I booked the flight...had some drinks on the plane. I didn't even tell Mario I was going, I just left. I wanted to taste her essence so bad. Caress her, play with her, smell her sun-kissed skin. Would she smell of pineapples and coconut and sex? Hmmmmm. Sure would like to find out. 

I didn't tell her I was coming. I booked myself into the Four Seasons and had a massage. Got in the shower and shaved my wet pussy. I had packed my Travelling Toy box and put the Anal beads, my Jelly Cock, Nipple Clamps and my Double Stimulation Clit and Penetration vibes. And my fur-lined handcuffs, of course. Girl IS as kinky as I am lol.

Did my hair in an elegant updo. Perfect makeup and long slinky black dress with a push-up bra that made my 42DD tits look like Porn Star tits. Pam Anderson ain't got nuthin on THIS girl, I thought. I touched and caressed my hooters through the low-cut keyhole in the top. Mmmm...felt my nips getting hard. I have GIANT nipples, they are the size of small pancakes and Britt had remarked many times that she would love to suck and make them tingle. Oh, you will get your chance if I have my way tonite, you little tart LOL!

I drove up to Saints and Sinners in my ride. Took a deep breath and went in. Ohhhh the stares as the men saw my Exotic frame with long flowing blonde hair down to almost my ass. I caught one man with his mouth open. I winked. I want pussy tonite...LOL.

I saw her on stage immediately OH MY FUCKING GOD!!! She had a sparkly blue bikini top on and netting like fish's netting around her waist. You look like a fucking MERMAID! That is a fucking RIOT!! HA HA HA HA. Men were gathered around her, mesmerized at her Siren's call. I saw her smile of total abandon as they worshipped her. And the worshipped her. Men AND women were slack-jawed and had abandoned any sense of normalcy. They thrust money at her, begged her for a smile, as she tucked dollar after dollar into her tiny G String. I sat at a table by the bar, ordered a Cognac, lit up a cigar and settled back to watch her watery gyrations.

She made her way to me with complete astonishment in her heavily made up eyes. "Oh my God, Lisa, what are you doing here?" she shrieked, jumping up and down and hugging me. 

"I came to see you sweetie, " I said, laughing." I have to go to a seminar on Classic French cooking. Can I buy you a drink?" 

"Fuck that!" she said, "I wanna give you a Lap Dance on the house"" Just what I was craving. Feeling those perfects against my tits that were already hardening at the sight of her. My pussy was dripping like a faucet. I was actually close to cumming I was so turned on by her. And then, to my amusement, I watched her pebble nipples get hard right in front of me. She grabbed my hand and we went in the back. 

"Dan, GET OUT!" she yelled at the Bouncer. Usually in strip clubs, there is always a bouncer by the door who watches that the customers don't get too out of line. But Brittni had other plans, apparently!

She put me on the Velvet Sofa and pulled my tits completely out of the dress, out of my bra and started licking and sucking them. "Oh my Goddd", she moaned, "Your tits taste sooo good". She snaked her hand up my skirt and discovered that the Chef was COMMANDO! And soaked. My Clit was already hard when she spit on her finger and started rubbing it. 

"Baby Jesus!" I gasped. "Anyone can come in here!" At that, she grabbed my hand and we ran out the back door. Thank God I had my purse with me!

We got back to Four Seasons in record time. I felt a bit like I was with Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman with her Get-up but what the hell...I just wanted to FUCK HER IN THE WORST WAY! We jumped up and down on the bed giggling. I poured her some wine and she kicked off her heels and started rubbing her feet on me. "Those feet better be clean bitch!" I said, laughing. I gasped when she started rubbing them on my tits. We were both naked at that point. She was so adept with her toes she was pinching my hard nipples with them. I was cracking up. I love this girl. She is young enough to be my kid but she's hot as hell and funny as shit. I was totally enjoying it. She stuck her big toe in my wet vaginal opening. I have done a LOT of things sexually but this was new. I played with her Goddess hair and said, "Baby...I'm gonna lick you til you ride my face...and scream....and I promised you a squirt". She grinned fiendishly and slithered out of what little clothes she had on and open her silky toned tanned thighs for me. 

She lay like a lovely elegant Starfish before me. Totally giving herself to me. Or so I thought. I started to kiss her tiny cupidbow mouth. Soft moans emitted from her and she relaxed into my touch, I gathered her breasts in my hands and lovingly milked them, running her rock hard nips through my fingers. I heard her sigh and felt her arch her back. Oh, don't worry, I will kiss you there...lick you....suck you...I have fantasized and dreamed about it for too many months. I licked her belly button and flicked my tongue quickly, making her laugh and squirm and moan. Then I went for that hot cunt that smelled of the Sea.

I lifted her ass and slipped my hot velvety tongue right into her dirty little place. Ohhhh like the finest oysters I have ever had...musky, warm and oh so delicious, like a decadent dessert. "Ohhhh fuck, that is soooo good", she moaned...."Fuck my ass with your finger....I love you..."...

"I will do better than that," I said, laughing. I reached for the anal probe and lubed it up, gently putting it in her tight little anus. She shuddered. I took her whole little baby cunt in my mouth and sucked it, sometimes sucking her little hot clit, sometimes licking it with a flutter of my tongue. She was squirming and moaning in ecstacy as I fucked her hole with my tongue. I knew she could feel the vibrations of the anal vibe and she has said she loves anal sex so much she thinks she has a clit in her butt. Let's find out, I thought, giggling. I made my tongue into a whirling dervish as I twisted the toy inside of her rectum, fucked her with my finger, rubbing her G spot like made and she started bringing the house down.

"OH MY GOD!!!! I AM CUMMING!!!! OH OH OHOHOHOHOHOOOOOOOO...." Her taste changed and she csquirted some delicious girl-juice in my mouth. I lapped up EVERY drop. I NEVER waste food LOL!!!!

She immediately scrabbled up. I could see by the eagerness of her countenance she wanted badly to have me experience an orgasm like that. She said, "Let me get my purse and DO NOT PEEK!" I love surprises lol. She came back with a blindfold and proceeded to put it over my eyes. "Ohhh, she said, "Handcuffs too, hmmm?" 

"Yup, I said, chortling..."Put em on me". She affixed my wrists to the bedposts and immediately buried her pretty face in my Honeypot. She started licking tentatively, just tasting really. Like a little bear getting a midnight snack. It was sooo cute. Ooohhhh but she and I have been chatting about what we like in bed. She got my jelly cock, lubed it up good, and put it in my pussy. Turned it up to the highest setting. "WHOA!" I yelled, as I had an instant orgasm. She took my clit between her lips and sucked on it so gently and with such tender care that I felt my clit come alive an blossom. She started licking in a pattern that I do myself. LOL...I was on the edge, on the edge...then she stopped. "Oh FUCK, I was close!" I said....

"Flip over and get on your hands and knees", she ordered. Very Shades of Gray lol. So I did and she spread my ass cheeks wide. She was cramming her tiny tongue in my twat from behind and licking a trail to my ass. Fuck. It's Hot. Fuck I love it. She was rimming me so good, I felt like I could just push her entire head in there. Then she pulled back. Put her finger in me, diddling it around, like a Mariner. What is she doing? I thought, quizzically. All of a sudden, I felt a giant dick head enter me. It was huge. Even bigger than Mario's. I moaned, because it stretched me but it felt sooo sliding in. She slid the whole thing in at once and I felt a pain in my bladder for a second because that thing had to be 12 inches!

"I'm gonna fuck you", she sing-songed. "I know how much you like getting fucked and I'm gonna fuck you and make you squirt" And she did. She was slapping my ass and riding me like a damn horse. I was laughing and cumming at the same time. She spat on her hand and slid her finger between my lips, rubbing and stimulating my rock hard swollen clit and the same time.

"OH MY FUCKING GOD...I'm gonna CUM!" I screamed and fucked her back just as hard. "FUCK ME BITCH! FUCK ME WITH YOUR BIG MERMAN COCK!" She started laughing hysterically and almost lost her composure. But she kept working that big-ass cock in me. Slapping my tits, pulling my hair. I collapsed on the bed and almost passed out from cumming so hard. Then she spooned me, her hands on my breasts and her perfect Conch shell nestled into my ass. Good nite, my Fellow Sea Witch ;-)