 Saturday

I'm a young lesbian just turned eighteen-years-old and I for the last couple of years all of my erotic fantasies have been about being sexually dominated by an old woman. I have masturbated wildly imagining how I was seduced into total servitude and complete obedience by a strict Mistress old enough to be my grandmother. I have watched lovely elderly women and imagined how they would kiss me and fondle my young body and make me cum, but only when they decided I was allowed to have an orgasm. My nipples get stiff when I shamelessly ogle an old woman's majestic chest and my little pussy gets wet every time I encounter a lovely mature woman and get close enough to get a whiff of her female scent. 

I have tried to contact older lesbian dommes on the internet, and a few times I've had very arousing virtual encounters where I was controlled by an on-line Mistress. But I craved the real thing, so just a few weeks after my eighteen birthday I sought out a lesbian bar, The Pink Haven, which had good reviews and appeared to cater for older lesbians. I'm in my last year of high school and live alone with my mother, whom I simply told I was going out with some friends. I dressed up in a nice, but not too sexy, outfit and made my way to the bar. It was busy and women only and I was gratified to see mostly older women, quietly chatting and drinking and laughing. A few couples were dancing. I was extremely nervous and hurried to the bar and ordered a drink. I sat for a while, nursing my coke, watching the scene. The female bartender, a butchy woman in her forties, came over and asked me in a friendly way whether this was my first time. 

I could only nod, my throat was dry despite the coke. The bartender smiled reassuringly.

"Don't worry, honey. We're a friendly place. Take your time and try to relax. We're all lesbians here, after all!"

I smiled at her and was rewarded with a free drink and a wink. 

Then I saw her. She was sitting alone at a small table on the far side of the room drinking a glass of red wine. Her hair was short and grey, her face aged to perfection without any surgery. She was dressed in a black long skirt, a dark red shirt and a black jacket. Black leather boots as well. Her eyes met mine and I felt a wave of electricity hitting me. Arousal. She was absolutely beautiful, probably in her late sixties and I knew I had found what I was longing for. I almost gasped when she stood up, tall, curvaceous and buxom and made her way, slowly, deliberately, to the bar. Her voice was dark and sensual and set little vibes skimming all over my suddenly sensitive skin. 

"Hello, little girl. I'm Lydia, and I've seen how you have looked at me. Do you like what you see?"

Oh, that voice! I trembled and blushed and my nipples hardened all on their own. She called me 'little girl' and it set off a deep longing inside me. To be her little girl! To totally submit to her will and be trained and groomed by a woman like her. A woman from my darkest, most secret dreams.

"Well?"

I raised my head and looked into her dark green eyes and lost myself.

"Oh... sorry... yes..! I'm Rita and... Oh, yes - I like what I see!"

She smiled, graciously, and stroked my hand softly. She gently removed a wisp of hair and caressed my cheek. Then she bent forward and whispered into my ear: "Dance with me, you sweet little baby! I want to feel your sexy body close to mine!"

I couldn't answer but she took hand as she stood up and I meekly followed. She drew me close to her magnificent body and led me through a quiet track, one hand on my lower back, the other holding mine. I drowned in her scent, some expensive perfume with an underlying note of female musk. She was tall, almost 6 ft, and I was close to her lovely cleavage. I'm only just 5 ft tall myself. She was wearing a bra beneath her blouse and I longed to see her nipples. Her hypnotic voice teased my ear:

"So little girlie, I know you have come looking for a nice old woman to teach you all the tricks and secrets of lesbian love. Am I right? Of course, I am! I can smell little baby girls like you a mile off! You've been dreaming of this for a long time, fingering your tight little pussy whilst fantasizing about being seduced by a real woman! Haven't you?"

"Yess...!" I whispered. "I have been masturbating a lot while thinking about mature women like you!"

"Of course, you have, baby! And you long to be my little submissive lesbo pet, don't you?"

She pulled me close and her hand grasped my buttocks possessively. 

"Yes, Ma'am. I do indeed long to be your lesbian pet!"

There. It was out in the open and Lydia rewarded me with a long lusty kiss, right there on the dance floor but nobody seemed to care or to find it unusual. We then went to Lydia's table and continued the flirting conversation from the dance floor. We sat very close and our hands on the tabletop seemed on their own volition to start caressing each other. Lydia's wrinkled hands were perfectly manicured, and her long nails very well cared for and painted a deep red. She looked me deep into the eyes. 

"Rita, my little sweetie. I have for quite some time been looking for a girl like you to convert to my lifestyle and I'm becoming very certain that you are a perfect candidate!"

I was thrilled and sticky juice tickled into my tight panties. My pussy was freshly shaved and totally bald beneath the stretched cotton. I looked down at our clasped hands. Young and old together. 

"Thank you, Lydia. But I'm very unsure of how to proceed. I'm new to all this."

"Of course, you are, sweet little girlie! But don't you worry I'll take very good care of you and introduce you slowly to what you can expect and what I expect from you. However, little one, I'm dying to find out more about you. Please tell me something about yourself!"

I got wetter every time she called me 'little girl' or 'little one'. It made me all squishy inside, like I was a small girl again, with her aunt or some other older relative. It felt naughty.

Anyway, I told Lydia I was a senior in High School and was living with my mom. I told her about enjoying running and aerobics, reading and watching corny movies. And all about my previous experience with on-line mistresses and reading stories on Literotica about older lesbians dominating young women. 

She, on the other hand, told me that she was a sixty-six-year old retired lawyer and had her own house. She had always been a lesbian, with a strong need to seduce and lovingly dominate young women. She had been in a few longer lasting relationships but was presently unattached and had been looking for a young woman to train. 

"Train?" I asked. 

"Indeed, Rita. I'll train you in a variety of techniques, all intended to wake your lesbian sensuality and increase your sexual pleasure, as well as teach you how to give pleasure to other women, of course. I expect total obedience for you but promise that the rewards will be worth it!"

I was hypnotized by the statuesque woman who in such a short time had made me feel safe and secure and extremely aroused. I remembered her hands on my body as we had danced and shuddered in pleasure. She noted and smiled warmly at me.

"You are such a lovely and sexy little girl, Rita! So sensuous and ready to be seduced. I have a proposal for you: I'll control you for a week, via text messages and voice mail and similar contact. That will give you a chance to try what it means to submit to me."

She leant forward, very close and kissed my waiting lips. Too short. Oh, too short. I longed for more. 

"Are you ready, Rita, to become Granny's little kitten? Will you promise to obey Granma for the next week and fulfill the tasks I set for you?"

A perverse thrill passed through my body at Lydia's use of 'Granny' for herself. The obvious incestuous implication acted like an extra spice to my already very evident horniness. I couldn't answer immediately. 

"Look at me, child, and answer your Granny Mistress!"

There was steel and ice in Lydia's voice, but that only made my arousal increase. I felt like a small schoolgirl as I managed to look at her lovely, mature face and whisper: "Yes, Granny, I'm ready!"

Her smile was immediate and warm.

"Great! I'm looking so much forward to training you, my dear! Now kiss Granny!"

We kissed again, this time for a longer time and Granny used her tongue to explore my oral cavity and she also planted little exciting kisses on my cheeks and forehead. I was literally sopping at the end and looked self-consciously around. Nobody were watching us, except the bartender, who sent me small tight smile. 

Granny Lydia now asked for some details, i.e. what sort of panties I used, whether I shaved my pussy, what sex toys I had and so forth and I readily supplied the information. Then we exchanged phone numbers and chat IDs and Granny set down some initial ground rules.

"First of all, little girl, you are not allowed to touch yourself on your pussy or nipples or ass unless I tell you to. Absolutely no illicit masturbation and no cummies for my sweet Rita unless Granny orders it! Do you understand, baby Rita?"

"Yes... yes... Granny, I understand... but it will be hard... just looking at you makes me want to touch myself!"

"Oh, you are such a naughty little slut, Rita! It is good you have found a nice Granny to take care of you and train you. Secondly, you must always keep your little pussy shaved and bald and available for Granny and for the orders and tasks I will set for you. You will also dress as I dictate, and I expect that when I order you to do something you will immediately comply! Otherwise you will be punished and disciplined."

I was imagining lying over Granny's lap, having my ass fondled prior to receiving a severe discipline spanking and I almost came in my panties. Lydia licked her lips.

"You are getting very turned on by this, my little girl! Your pussy is wet and longing for Granny to touch it and your sexy ass is begging to be spanked. But that will have to wait, my sweet. You must prove yourself before you can be allowed to have an orgasm! Is that clear?"

"Yes, Granny" I said in a surprisingly little girl voice and with downcast eyes. My nipples were hard as steel against my tight top. Granny Lydia looked around and then told me: "Right now as an appetizer, I want you to touch your pantie covered slit. Let it slide up and down a few times and then taste your pussy juice. No orgasm!"

Here I was, in a public place, surreptitiously putting my hand beneath my skirt and letting my forefinger dip into the viscous juice that had seeped into my panties. I could not refrain from moaning softly. 

"Look at me!"

My eyes found hers, and I felt my whole body responding with a tingling rush. 

"Good girl! Now taste you naughty pussy for Granny!"

Slowly I raised my hand to my mouth, still lost in the dark green depths of her demanding eyes and I sucked and licked my forefinger, tasting my heady musk and pleasure erupted from that deceptively simple act. Hot, fiery hot, lust erupted in my young body and I knew this dominant mature woman would take me places I had only dreamt off. 

"Mmm, you like the taste of your pussy, don't you, my sweet naughty little girl?"

"Yes... oh, yes, Granny...!"

"Good...I'm looking forward to having you taste my pussy, but you have to wait for that! Now, you have shown me you can be an obedient little slutty lesbian, and I agree to train you and dominate you, initially for one week. Do keep in mind, however, my sweet Rita, that this is not something forced upon you. You have chosen to submit, and I'll accept if there are borders you are not willing, yet, to cross. I'll ask you many times in the next week how you feel, and please do be honest with me. Tell me if you're uncomfortable, tell me if you do not wish to proceed. Is that clear, my sweet girlie?"

She was very serious and intense, and I felt very safe and secure with this mature woman. I appreciated her consideration and knew it was going to be a very exciting journey the two of us was embarking upon.

"Yes, Granny Lydia. I fully understand and I'm really do appreciate your consideration. I'll do my best to live up to your expectations!"

She sent me a very warm and loving smile and stroked my hands. 

"Very well, darling Rita! We have an agreement and I'll very soon start sending you instructions. How is your schedule tomorrow?"

"Well, it's Sunday and Mom will be going out with some friends the whole day, so I'm home alone. I do have some homework and had planned to maybe see some friends and do some shopping."

"Perfect! I'll keep you busy then, and my first instructions will be ready for you tonight!"

"Oh, thank you, Granny! I'll look forward to my training."

She laughed, throatily. 

"Indeed, but remember no touching that wet little pussy of yours unless I permit it! Now kiss me and hurry home!"

We kissed one last time and her hands were on my cheeks, giving butterfly caresses and pulling my young face towards her own. I was very flustered and hot when she let me go, patted my head and told to wait for Granny's orders. 

Her first text message came as I reached my house and I almost couldn't wait, so I hurried to greet Mom who was watching some romantic comedy and told her I had had a good time with my friends. I hurried up to my room and read the message from Granny: 

"Instructions 4 Granny's little girl: 

Sit w spread legs on a chair and spank yr pussy hard 15 times w flat hand. After each spank say out loud: Thank you, Granny! Don't take your panties off but send me a pic of yr naked spanked pussy! "

I immediately sat on a chair and spread my legs as wide as possible, so my panties were stretched tight over my vulva. I then proceeded to give myself a hard, flat-handed spank on my pantie-covered pussy, right on the very moist spot which had developed during my interaction with Lydia. I closed my eyes and pictured my mature Granny in my mind as I said aloud "Thank you, Granny!". The spank hurt, but I also immediately felt a warmth spreading. Again, and again, I spanked my aroused pussy and thanked Granny for every one of them. I did not spare myself and in the end I was almost crying, and a throbbing pain persisted in my tortured pussy. I then pulled my panties down and took a picture of my rosy, abused pussy and sent it to Granny. She responded almost immediately.

"Good girl! I'm proud of you, Rita! Take your panties off now and get a tube of toothpaste. Lie on yr bed and touch yr asshole for a while. Then take a big glob of paste and put it inside yr ass. Use your finger to push it far inside you. Then tell me how u feel."

I did as Granny instructed and hurried to send her a response: "My pussy is all hot & bothered from the spanking and my ass is tingling and really sensitive. I'm so much aware of both my pussy and ass now, Granny! My ass keeps clenching now. "

"Perfect, my good little girl! Now take off y top, if u have not done so already. Lie on your bed with headphones on and listen to the audio file I have enclosed. Follow the instructions carefully. U will need some crushed ice and a wooded spoon."

I quietly went downstairs where Mom was still watching the movie and got some ice and a big wooden kitchen spoon. I went back up to my room and put on my headphones and started playing the file Granny Lydia had sent me. An erotic thrill went through me as soon as I heard her voice. 

"So, Granny's little naughty girl, I'm sure you're ready for this little session which will have focus on your lovely nipples and tits. Your pussy with still tingle form the recent spanking and the paste inside your ass will keep your sphincter clenching and increase its sensitivity. You will keep your panties on, and you will not be allowed to touch your pussy. First I want you to lie back and lightly stroke your bosom with your fingertips. Imagine it is me, your lovely Granny, teasing your sweet tits, fondling your little nipples so they become stiff and throbbing. Yes, little girl, Granny is playing with those sexy stiff nipples now. Fell how my nails tease them, how my fingers dance over your firm titties. Oh, you love this, sweetie. Love it when Granny plays with your nips. I pinch them hard now, really hard and pull them out from your chest. Oh, so good that feels, Rita! You want more, you want Granny to pinch and pull those nubs out from your chest. Yes. Keep them pulled out. Good girl!"

I was in a total sexual daze as I submitted to the instructions, imagining Granny was in the room with me and that she was the one fondling and caressing my bosom. 

"Mmmm, you like this, don't you, little girl? You love it when Granny plays with your little nubs! So stiff they are, so sensitive, eager for my fingers. I wet my fingertips by licking on them and gently rub your nipples now, rub and rub in little circles. Then I flick them with my forefinger, fast and hard and you feel the sweet pain. Yes, you want more, want more pain in your sweet nipples, want to please Granny! You want me to use the wooden spoon, to spank your chest and make those lovely tits red hot with lust and pain. Ask me, ask me loud, to spank you little titties!"

I moaned in delirium and begged: "Please, Granny, please. Spank my titties, Granny, oh yes, spank them!"

"Good little girl. Yes, I'll use the wooden spoon now. I'll give you ten hard spanks on each tit and I'll count down, starting now: One!"

I used the spoon in synchrony with Granny's instructions and every time she counted, I imagined it was her, Lydia, wielding the tool. In the end both my tits were warm and glowing roseate and hurting. My stiff nipples had also been hit and were pinpricks of pain and pleasure on my chest. I was extremely aware off my body and lust was rushing through me with my heated blood. 

"Now for the ice! Take a small handful and put on each chest. Keep it there, cup your hands and let the ice start to melt on your chest. Fell the numbness that comes with the cold."

I gasped with the cold from the ice and the melting water. The numbness was welcome, however, and I kept the ice on my chest for as long as my Granny demanded. It went on and on, it seemed, with Granny telling me to hold out, to accept the cold, to do as she instructed. I almost screamed with relief when the ordeal was over, and Granny told me to remove the ice and dry my bosom and take a picture and send to her. My chest was throbbing with pain, but the pricking warmth came rushing back after I removed the ice and I was aware and focused on my tits and nipples like never before. They had never felt so aroused and alive as now. I sent the pic: "Dear Granny, dear Mistress, I have done as u instructed and my tits and nipples have never been so aroused b4! I'm tingling all over with need and lust. Pls instruct further. Your devoted little girl!"

Granny responded almost at once, she must have been waiting for my response.

"Oh, my sweet baby! Granny is so proud of her obedient little girl! Granny luvs the pic of yr lovely tits! So, tell me what u think so far?"

"Oh, Granny! I'm soooo aroused. And lusting for u! I will eagerly await further training and commands. U have already awakened my body I ways I had never imagined! Plus, the fact that I am obeying yr commands in a major turn on for me! Doing what u order me to do makes me so wet and eager to pls u!"

"Good girl! That is precisely what I desire u to feel, my sexy little girl! I have sent you a bunch of pics of me to look at and fantasize about. My next instructions will follow tomorrow morning, but do obey the following:

1.Whenever u pee, after u have wiped yr pussy, then spank it hard five times, thinking of me

2.Following the pussy spanking, lick a forefinger and gently explore yr ass. U can, if available, use toothpaste to sensitize yr anus. 
