 When I left my apartment that day I was in a good mood. I was looking forward to a day just relaxing and tanning in the park. It was a beautiful summer day, I decided to take a picnic lunch with me to eat while I was there. It was too bad my boyfriend had to work that day, he loves going to park with me. I think he just likes rubbing the lotion on my bare back and sneaking feels of my breasts since I usually sunbathe topless. 

I went to the park, found a nice secluded place and spread my towel out on the ground. I hurried through most of my lunch so that I could lay down and make the most of the bright sunny day. I finished with everything but my two bananas that I had brought. I pulled off my shirt, undid my bikini top and laid down, happy to relax after my long week at work. I pulled out my sunscreen and put some in hand. The lotion was cool in my hands, so I rubbed it in my hands a little to warm it up before I started to rub it on my stomach. The lotion felt wonderful on my bare skin as I began to rub it in. I could imagine my boyfriend’s hands caressing me as my hands rubbed across my body. I put more lotion in my hands and began to rub it on my breasts. My hands ran smoothly over my nipples and I found myself squeezing at them as my fingers passed over them. I think it was the combination of the warmth of the sun and the thoughts of my boyfriend, but I was getting very turned on.

My excitement heightened with every motion of my hands on my body. I had to reload my hands with lotion once again because I had used the entire second batch already. My hands returned to rubbing it into my breasts, only this time I was rubbing both of them hard with each hand. I was getting so wet underneath my shorts that I began to wonder if I could get away with other things while I was lying there. I sat up and looked around and saw no one anywhere, so I quickly slid off my shorts and thong. I was already soaked as I slid my hands down to my nice shaven pussy. My fingers slid effortlessly into my body. I could feel my fingers plunging deep inside me, moving in and out. I was wishing I could use something a little bigger, pretty soon my gaze wandered over to the bananas sitting next to me. I reached over and peeled one and slowly slipped into me. It felt wonderful inside me. I began to slide in and out of me. Pretty soon I was oblivious to the world as I became engulfed in pleasure. 

I was so lost in pleasure that when I felt a pair of lips touch mine I instinctively parted my lips and allowed them to kiss me. The lips were soft on mine as I felt their tongue slide into my mouth and start to move around, touching all over inside me. It felt wonderful. I moved my tongue into their mouth and began to return the feelings they were giving me. My eyes were still closed in pleasure as I felt the lips move down my neck and down to my breasts. Their mouth encircled my nipples and gently bit at them as they sucked my breasts. I felt their hands removing the banana and replacing it with the softest hands I had ever felt. They began to finger fuck me hard. Their hand moving in and out of me fast until my body twitched in pleasure and my pussy flooded their hand with juice. Their mouth trailed down my body now and replaced the hands with those sweet lips. I felt their tongue trailing over my pussy lips so gently, barely touching me. It was enough contact though to send unimaginable pleasure through me. Finally they slipped their tongue into me, just a little at first letting it run around the inside edge of my hole, then they plunged deep into me. I could feel their tongue eagerly searching all over inside me, exploring every inch of me. I reached my hands down to push them closer to me, I wanted to feel it deep inside of me.

When I reached down I felt long hair. I opened my eyes to see a very sexy redheaded naked woman eating me out. I almost came right away, I was so turned on. I moaned loudly as I felt my body ready to explode into orgasm. “Lick me hard!” I screamed as she continued to eat me out. Pretty soon I couldn’t take it anymore as my body erupted in orgasm. I reached down and pulled her head up to mine and gave her a deep kiss.

“Would you like to make use of the other banana?” She asked. I nodded wondering what she had in mind. She told me to roll over on my side as she picked up the banana and pulled the stem off of the end and slid one end of it into me. Then she got up and positioned herself beside me so that her pussy was right in line with the other end. Slowly she moved forward so that the banana slid into her as well. We slid together so that our breasts were touching each other. We began to kiss each other as we rocked our bodies together feeling the long hard banana slide in and out of us. Our kiss deepened as our bodies continued to bump and grind against each other. Faster and faster we went. I could feel my next orgasm coming and from her moans, she was close to. I reached down and grabbed her ass, slamming her against me harder and harder. Finally we both erupted in orgasm as we held our mouths together in one final mind-blowing kiss. I fell asleep in her arms.

When I woke up, she was nowhere to be found. I wondered if I had dreamed the whole thing. I was almost convinced of it until I noticed the banana next to me with the broken off stem. Wow, what an afternoon!