 You'd had a long night at work and were asleep on Sunday morning...

Mitsumi rang and asked if I wanted company...

I told her yes but that we'd have to be quiet...You had had a long week and were catching up on sleep...

When she arrived I mentioned that I was planning on working in the garden...you had started a vegetable garden a few weeks ago and had dug out a secluded spot in the back corner of the yard for me to plant some flowers.

She looked me up and down....sandals, t-shirt and shorts...I had already started to tan from helping you outside.

She mentioned that I looked really nice and asked if she could help me outside...

I said, "As long as you don't mind getting dirty..."

She gave me a knowing smile and we walked outside...

The path that leads to the flower bed is neatly lined with vegetable plants on both sides...there were even some fruits coming in already...

I plucked a couple of cherry tomatoes off the vine and ate one...Mitsumi grabbed a handful for herself...

We kept walking until we came to a shade tree, beyond it...the patch for my flower bed.

We'd grabbed a couple of drinks to bring with us and I suggested we sit under the tree on the grass to drink them before we started to work...

It was a nice spot; shaded and secluded from the neighbors...a secret garden...

The grass was very soft...you'd made sure of it...perfectly groomed and dark green...

Mitsumi wore a similar outfit to mine and her brown skin looked so smooth...

Her hair black as coal and her almond shaped eyes complimented by her white tank top.

We sat on the grass and stretched our legs out in front of us...

The breeze was just right...

I looked over at the garden patch and then at Mitsumi and raised my eyebrows..."Looks like a lot of fun huh?

She laughed and said "I can think of better things to do than dig in the dirt Kate..."

Leaned in close and kissed me...

I began to feel a stir in my belly...my hand reaching to graze her nipple...

She kissed me softly...our lips wet and soft against each other's.

She looked at me then and whispered, "I want to lick your pussy Kate...here on the grass..."

I groaned and pulled away...lifting my blouse over my head...she doing the same...

I told her to take off everything...no one would see us...and the grass felt so good naked...

We'd disrobed....Mitsumi began to kiss me again...her tongue invading my mouth...

My hand went to her tits and I began to kneed them....pinch them...she had rather larger breasts for an Asian woman.

She was groaning and whispering how pretty my cunt was...

We knelt, facing each other and continued to kiss....her fingering my very wet pussy and me pinching her titties...

My other hand kneading her arse...

I looked down a moment and watched as she plunged her fingers in and out of me...I could see my cunt juice covering her fingers and collecting in her palm...I could feel it running down my thighs...

Mitsumi's head dropped further and she began to suckle my tits...my nipples were like hard bullets and she was nibbling and biting...then licking the swells of my breasts...

Her finger slowly poking in and out of my now very juicy cunt, my legs spread wide...she began to suck my tits hard...making loud sucking noises, she greedily sucked on them, pumping her fingers in and out of me...

I reached behind her and began to search for her arse again...

My fingers raking across her tight arse...I found her cleft and spread her arse cheeks apart.

I slid my finger down and found her little brown rosebud...

I dipped my other finger in the cum puddle in her hand at my pussy and brought it around to her arsehole...lubing it with my cunt juice...

I slowly slid my pussy-soaked finger into her tight little arse...and I began to fuck her arse slowly with my finger...

She looked at me and begged to eat my pussy...

She began to move her hips, sticking her arse out to meet the thrusts of my fingers.

I asked her to lie down....and to straddle the tree...to put her feet up on the trunk.

Mitsumi lay down on her back...and planted her feet on the trunk of the tree...

I straddled her face and let my dripping cunt hover over her tongue...just out of reach...

I looked down at her and said, "Let me drip pussy juice onto your face..."

She smiled and her mouth opened like a little bird's...tongue poking out to catch my cum.

I spread her knees apart and swiped my finger along her cunt lips; one finger between her lips...and back to her tight wet arsehole...then back to her juicy little brown cunt...

I slid my finger back again and slid it into her arse...and began to fuck her...pulling her arse cheeks apart.

As I did...I lowered my pussy to her mouth...

Her tongue; impaling my open pussy.

I wanted to see her face covered with my creamy cum, so I began to glide my cunt all over her face...

Her lips...her chin...her nose....

She rubbed her face all over my cunt...I looked down and her glazed face was covered...

I spread my knees further apart and began to grind into her face...

She made her tongue a point and began to thrust it deep into my sopping cunt...

My finger buried in her arsehole...

I dipped my head lower and began to lick her little slit....

My head deep between her legs and her tongue fucking my cunt....

We're both so wet and making loud sucking wet noises...greedily eating each other's cunts...

Mitsumi's hands went to my arse cheeks and spread them wide...

She slid her tongue further back and began to tongue my other hole...

Sliding it in and rimming the edge...she was groaning...poking her tongue deep into my arse...

Her finger sliding in and out of my cunt now...she licked me faster...

I was buried in her pussy too....my tongue tasting her juicy pussy...lapping at her cunt...

My finger still fucking her little rosebud...

While we're outside, Cindy tries to call to ask if she could come over.

She knew we would be home and wanted to drop by for a chat.

She couldn't get me on the phone and figured we were in the garden so decided to just drop around unannounced.

She pulled into the drive and let herself through the back gate.

She didn't call out....wanted to surprise us.. and she stumbled onto me and Mitsumi.

At first she was shocked....horrified! She went to turn and slip silently away but something stopped her.

She became engrossed in the scene that played out in front of her.

Her best friend and a stranger....a woman!

She watches as I delight myself with Mitsumi. There were so many thoughts rushing through her mind.

She knew she should leave but couldn't. Her feet were glued to the spot she was in and her legs felt weak.

All she could do was move to the tree next to her and lean on it for support.

She could feel herself getting excited watching the pleasure before her.

She slid her hands over her breasts.

Her nipples were rock hard!

She went further and slipped her hand down to her cunt.

It was leaking!

She looked up and saw Mitsumi's tongue in my arse and finger in my pussy and heard me moaning with delight, urging on this stranger... and she was jealous...

She wanted it to be her!

A small groan escaped her lips... and that's when I saw her.

My gaze turned to the small gasp I heard...I don't know how long she'd been watching...

But it was Cindy...she was here and could see Mitsumi and I tongue fucking one another!

I stared at Cindy...seeing conflicting emotions crossing her face...

"I remember that feeling", I thought...

Wanting what was taboo...

Not sure what to do....

I could see the emotion that was winning out...

She had nothing but pure desire on her face.

I smiled at her and silently asked her to come over....

Cindy stood away from the tree she'd been using for support and walked over to stand in front of me.

She had on a sundress and looked very pretty.

I lifted myself away from Mitsumi's cunt and looked down at her..."don't stop licking....keep licking either my arse or pussy...but don't stop..."

She smiled up at me and drove her tongue into my cunt again...

I groaned and looked up at Cindy...

"Cindy...just stand here...let me do this for you..."

She just nodded...

I ran my hands up her calves....her thighs...

Up under her dress.

My hands moved around to her arse and I rubbed and squeezed her there...

I lifted her dress....gathering it at her belly and brought her hand around to hold the material...

I began to kiss her legs...licking her calves...

Then her inner thighs...

I could feel her spreading her legs further apart...

I could see a wet spot forming quickly on her panties...

I continued to kiss and lick her legs...kneading her arse with my hands...

Trailing my tongue up to her crotch...I lightly licked her cunt outside of her panties, tasting her pussy on the material...

She began to quiver...

"I'm going to suck your cum through your panties..."

I opened my mouth and covered her silk covered pussy, my tongue sliding up and down her pussy.

Sucking the material...licking up her juices now flowing faster...

I could feel her pussy swelling and leaking...

I sucked harder....and I began to rock on Mitsumi's mouth, riding her tongue like I ride your cock.

Grinding my swollen cunt into her face...

I didn't know if she could even breathe...I just pushed my pussy into her face.

I looked up at Cindy and asked "Have you ever had your cunt licked by a woman Cindy?"

She replied in a cry, "No...!"

I pulled her panties to the side and slid my tongue along the folds of her soaking cunt...

Licking and sliding...lapping at her luscious sweet pussy.

I pushed at her inner thighs and drove my tongue into her cunt and she cried out.

I began to shake my face from side to side...quickly...

Tonguing her hot pink hole...

Grinding my cunt into Mitsumi's face...my cum was dripping down her chin...her throat.

She was fingering her own cunt while she tongue fucked me.

Cindy's head went back and I began to suck her pussy.

I covered it with my mouth and sucked her juices right out of her cunt, my cheeks sucked in...My tongue probing and diving hard into her gaping hole.

Cindy began to rub her clitty, moaning...

She began to groan..."Oh God Kate! Suck my cunt!!"

Mitsumi was drowning in my cunt....even sticking her nose into my pussy.

I buried my fingers in Cindy's hot hole and took her clitty between my lips.

Pursing my lips I sucked her clit...and could hear my fingers fucking her juicy, wet, nasty pussy.

So wet...sucking noises so loud...cum running out of her now....down her thighs.

I looked up at her and told her "I want you to squirt Cindy!"

I shoved 3 fingers up her cunt and sucked hard on her clitty, my other hand going around and slipping a finger into her arsehole.

She was squatting now...

All shame gone...

She was bucking wildly against me, moaning and begging me to let her cum.

I shoved hard with my fingers....and took her whole clit in my mouth and sucked it hard, burying my finger in her wet arse.

Cindy groaned loudly and I could feel her cum flowing around my fingers...

So much cum began to flow.

She gasped and I watched as her pussy squirted, covering my tits with cum.

Her knees buckling....

She dropped down onto her knees, my fingers still in her cunt and arse... and began to ride my fingers like a whore;

Her tits bouncing...she was leaning back on her hands, bucking wildly on my fingers...

Cum puddling in the grass.

Mitsumi was licking my arse again...

Working to get my attention back, she stuck a finger in my arse and rimmed my arse with her tongue.

Cindy was beside herself and crawled to me on her knees...pushing my legs apart and telling me to stand...

I pulled myself away from Mitsumi...standing and leant... my hands against the tree, facing it.

I spread my legs wide....

Cindy crawled between my legs and sat back, sitting against the tree facing my cunt, her hands on my thighs...she leaned forward and licked pussy for the first time in her life.

Mitsumi crawling behind me...she spread my arse cheeks and drove her tongue deep into my puckered arsehole...

Cindy licked my cunt expertly...

I could feel my legs shaking as she quickly licked the folds...dove into my cunt and flicked my clitty with her tongue...

Mitsumi...she knew my arse well and tenderly tongued fucked me...

End of Part One