 I thought...God! How good it feels to have two tongues sucking and licking me at the same time...

My legs spread as wide as I could...Mitsumi's nose...tongue buried in the crack of my arse...and Cindy...God! Cindy licking pussy like she'd been doing it forever!

She was so greedy! She looked up at me...and reached a hand up to pinch my titties...

Her face covered with cunt juice...

I looked down at her and told her what to do...

"Cindy, move your face from side to side...

Stick your tongue out...flick it side to side on my clitty, push my cunt lips from side to side....

She did as I asked and shook her face between my legs...

Then she plunged two fingers up and into my cunt.

My cunt was so wet...you could hear the wet smacking juicy sounds as they lapped at my arse and pussy...

I began to rock and gyrate my hips...in rhythm to their tongues.

They clasped their hands together at my hips and held me tight, each at the same time deciding to push hard into my holes.

I gasped at their forcefulness...

So ready to cum...

But I needed more...

I looked down at them both...smiling...

"Ladies? Do you feel like being fucked?"

They both looked up and eagerly nodded.

I told them to follow me...

The 3 of us rose and walked naked and wet...smelling of cum...into the house. 

I led them into the bathroom

I asked them both to lean against the bathroom vanity and told them I'd be back in a moment...

I came back in with heels for them both...and myself...I love the way heels look on all 3 of us....and I asked them to put them on.

The heels pushed their arses up and made their legs tighter...I loved how they looked...

I sat on the toilet and spread my legs wide...I told them..."I'm just going to watch for a bit...I'd like you two to get acquainted..."

Cindy and Mitsumi smiled at each other...Cindy nearly 6 feet tall and Mitsumi only 5' 3".

They faced one another in the mirror and Mitsumi was the perfect height to suck Cindy's big tits...

Her small tongue darted out of her mouth as her hands went to Cindy's hips...

She begins to lick Cindy's lusciously perfect tits...

Cindy's hand went to Mitsumi's long dark hair and held her head in place while Mitsumi sucked loudly on her nipples...

I was surprised when Mitsumi pushed at Cindy's hips and turned Cindy's back towards the sink, sitting Cindy on the edge of the counter...

She lifted Cindy's legs up high and planted her heeled feet up on the edge of the counter...

Cindy was perched precariously on the edge...her pussy so utterly exposed...

Her legs bent up and spread so wide...she leaned back against the mirror...she knew what was coming...

Mitsumi bent over at her waist and dove into Cindy's dripping cunt...

Licking her fast and furiously...she lapped at her pussy folds...flicked Cindy's clitty hard and fast...and tongued her arse...quickly switching, clitty to cunt to arse.

Over and over...

Cindy moaned loudly...surprised...she'd never felt anything like it and began to pant and beg...

"Oh god!! Suck my juicy cunt...!!!"

"I'm such a whore! I don't care...just don't stop!! Tongue my cunt!!"

"Oh God Kate...I am so wet!!! I never want to stop this!! This girl is amazing!!!"

Cindy looked to me with almost desperation in her eyes and I smiled...

I knew how this felt and said to her..."Cindy...just wait until I fuck your cunt!"

Her eyes went wider and she gasped..."OH GOD! Kate...Do it now!!"

I got up and went to join Mitsumi...

Side by side we tongued Cindy's cunt...and that's all it took...;

Cindy went wild...

"OH MY GOD! Fuck me! Fuck me!! Don't stop sucking my hot cunt!!!"

I moaned loudly...pussy filling my mouth and muffled out..."Cindy...your cunt is perfect...you taste like heaven...I love your cunny juice!!!"

Mitsumi groaning now...whispering in Japanese...

"Oooo...hanto ne Cindy-san...I love your pussy!!"

Cindy was pinching her titties...cunt juice coming out so fast that we could barely keep up with it...

Cindy moaned..."God...I love having my aching pussy sucked...God...stick your fingers in me Kate"

I smiled and said..."I have something better Cindy..."

I turned to Mitsumi and instructed her to keep licking Cindy's cunt, I'd be right back.

I returned and stood in the bathroom doorway...

The 2 women lost to abandon...Mitsumi licking Cindy's cunt...her face covered in cum...

They both looked over at me and saw that I had a giant dildo strap-on around my hips and I was stroking the cock...smiling.

I instructed Mitsumi to stand aside...

I walked up to Cindy...and positioned myself between her legs

I slid the cock along her pussy lips

"Cindy...do you want some dick?"

"Kate!! It's sooo big!!"

"Yes, and it ejaculates too Cindy"

"and vibrates"...

"Oh please...FUCK ME Kate!!"

"I wanna tease your clitty Cindy..."

I slid the cock over and over through the folds of her cunt, incessantly rubbing and pushing into her clitty, Cindy thrusting her cunt out further.

I could feel Mitsumi behind me, licking my arse cheeks...

Biting me there...

Her hands gliding up and down my long legs...

Licking behind my knees...

I pulled the cock away from Cindy's cunt...

I bent my head down...and spat on the cock...

I looked up at Cindy and plunged the big hard cock deep into her sopping cunt...

"OH GOD KATE!!! I am going to cum!!!!"...

Grasping Cindy's thighs...her pussy so deliciously exposed...I began to thrust my cock into her...

I pushed on her inner thighs...pushing her back into the counter and opened her gaping cunt even more...

She was puddling cum on the counter top.

I bent down and licked her titties...driving the cock into her juicy cunt over and over

I groaned...my own pussy so wet with fucking Cindy...Mitsumi lapping up all the juices running down my legs.

I could feel her pushing my arse cheeks apart...(Mitsumi loved my arse)...and sticking her hot tongue into my hole...

She held on...licking my arsehole while I plunged over and over into Cindy's pussy.

Cindy was beside herself...moaning and panting...

Sweating and groaning...

"Fuckmefuckmefuckmefuckme!!!"

"Fuck my hot whorey cunt!!!"

She lost all inhibitions...

Begging to be fucked...harder...faster...

I looked Cindy in the eyes... and I told her..."Cindy...I want you to relax your cervix..."

"...and I want you to squirt your cum!"

"...and when you do...Mitsumi's going to put her face into your cunt..."

"So you can squirt all over her...she loves it..."

"Wet her face...her hair...with your squirting pussy..."

"Do you understand Cindy??"

Cindy nodded weakly and said..."I can't hold out much longer Kate!!"

I looked down at Mitsumi and nodded for her to change positions...

She knew just what to do...

I stepped aside after a few final hard thrusts up Cindy's cunt and let Mitsumi at her...

Mitsumi dove into Cindy's pussy hard...

I stood behind Mitsumi...rubbing her lower back and her arse with the cock

I looked at Cindy and said..."Cindy, I want you to squirt cum into Mitsumi's face right when I plunge this big cock into her cunt, do you understand?"

Cindy nodded quickly and grabbed the back of Mitsumi's head...

I spread Mitsumi's wet arse cheeks and felt for her little pussy with my fingers...

I lined up the cock...right at Mitsumi's little hole

I looked up at Cindy and said, "NOW CINDY...NOW!!!!" and I plunged the cock deep into Mitsumi's cunt.

Cindy yelled out "OH MY GOD!!!! and I watched as buckets of squirting cum splashed against Mitsumi's face...

Into her hair...

Down her chin...

Her throat...

And splashed across her titties.

I grabbed her hips hard and began to ram my cock deep into her tight little hot cunt...

Cindy...moaning and panting slid off the counter and between Mitsumi's legs...

And began to lick Mitsumi's swollen clitty...

She could feel the cock gliding in and out of Mitsumi's cunt...against her chin...and the dripping cum being swiped across it.

I rammed hard...

Intent on making Mitsumi scream...

Her tanned tight arse high in the air...

She was nearly screaming now...

Her cunt being serviced so well

I could see sweat pooling on her lower back.

She turned to me and begged..."Katie-san...ooo...fuck my arse!"

I smiled and told Cindy..."I'm pulling out of her cunt...I want your tongue there!"

I could hear the sucking sounds as my cock was released from Mitsumi's tight pussy...

It was dripping cum.

I grasped her arse cheeks and spread them open wide...exposing her little brown hole.

I bent over and spat into her arsehole, then slowly eased the cock into her tight little hot hole.

I wanted to watch it disappear in her arse...

I let the head slip in first and heard her gasp as it disappeared.

I could hear Cindy sucking loudly on her cunt...

Sticking her fingers up Mitsumi's pussy and sucking her clitty.

I pushed the cock into her arse further...

"ooooo...Katie-san...fuck my little arse...I love how you fuck me...!!"

I leaned over and grabbed Mitsumi's tits...

Pushing the cock further in...

She could feel my tits on her lower back

I pinched her nipples hard and drove the rest of the cock up into her arse.

Cindy, watching...whispered.."Oh god Kate! Fuck her arsehole!!"

"I'm going to cum in your arse Mitsumi"

"I want to watch it leak out of your little brown hole!"

I grabbed her hips and pumped into her arse hard...

Cindy licking her juicy swollen cunt as fast as she could...

Mitsumi's titties bouncing wildly...

Cindy grabbing and reaching for my cunt now...

Fingering me roughly there...

Cindy had come into this wholly now...all inhibitions gone...she was a slutty bisexual and she loved it about herself...

Busy fingering and licking pussies, she was in heaven.

Mitsumi was groaning now...yelling..."Katie-san!! Katie-san!! I need to cum!!!"

I pumped as hard as I could into her hole...fucking her relentlessly...

A small button would release cum into her arse...when I was ready...

I pinched her titties hard and said "I'm going to cum into your pretty little arse now Mitsumi" and when I do...Cindy, I'm going to cum all over your fingers".

"Are you ready Mitsumi?"

"Yessssss...dump your cum in me Katie-san!!"

One plunge!...

Another plunge!...

And another plunge!...

Cum spurting hotly into her arsehole...

Mitsumi yelled out..."OH GOD KATIE-SAN!"...

And I watched as white ropes of cum began to seep out of her arse...

Coating her arse and legs with warm cum...

Her pussy squirting into Cindy's waiting mouth...

My cum spilling out of me onto Cindy's fingers...

The 3 of us collapsing in a heap on the bathroom floor

Panting...cum-covered...

I looked at Mitsumi and Cindy...smiling.

"Well...what did you think Cindy?

"Oh god Kate...that was the best sex I've ever had!"

Mitsumi looked at Cindy and said "Cindy-san, you are a good addition for Katie-san and I...you licked my pussy expertly!"

The 3 of us lay quietly...resting...exhausted...

The silence suddenly broken by your voice coming from the bedroom...

"Kate?!?!..."

They both looked to me...I looked at them and motioned for them to be quiet...holding my finger to my lips...

I whispered, "Ladies, I'm so glad you enjoyed...so did I...but I need more...you are welcome to join me..."

End of Part 2