 The dust was billowing all around as Sara shifted the gears of her hog, a soft tail Harley Davidson that always left her damp between the legs from the pulsating rumble of its mighty engine. She got why people loved to ride motorcycles so much, the power one felt beneath them as they controlled such a beast was awesome!

Sara had been traveling across the blistering desert, in a heat that would choke the devil, for going on five hours when she came to a small hole-in-the-wall town. This small isolated place sprung up from nowhere as if it was calling to her to take a rest. The village was so tiny and desolate if you blinked your eyes you might miss it. She couldn't believe such a small and pretty place could exist out in the middle of buttfuck nowhere. She noticed the place was immaculate, though not many businesses the ones that were there had manicured lawns. As she passed a family restaurant, her stomach growled at the sight reminding her it had been quite awhile since her last meal. She eased the big machine into the parking lot, picked her spot then silenced the thunderous engine. As she climbed off the bike she could feel the stiffening knots that had formed in her back and arms. She made her way to the door on unsteady legs, still feeling the commanding vibrations the hog caused. She felt the invigorating coolness of the blasting air conditioner, goose bumps formed on the back of her neck like a pack of mosquito bites all perfectly aligned, as she opened the door. 

Sara took her seat near the back of the eatery and looked at the menu. The waitress was quick to take her order, a pleasant lady with a strong true southern accent. As she left Sara could see the trail of many hard years in the trade mapped out in the varicose veins that traveled their spaghettied path over the hostess's legs. Only five other patrons sat in the place and Sara could feel all of their eyes on her. She knew instantly they were tagging her as a lesbian. She got that all the time when she rode her Harley. It didn't help that after five hours of hard road her face had been darkened from the dust. Her leather outfit and her short tight hair cut, the top all spiky madness also made her stand out.

Yep, the folks eating their home cooked meals in this home cooked establishment would most definitely peg Sara as a lesbian. She laughed inward at the thought. The customers would be surprised if they met her in different surroundings. When not riding her hog Sara was a picture of femininity, her features soft with bright eyes and a demeanor as bubbly as a high school cheerleader.

Sara was no lesbian; at least she didn't think she was. It never really entered her mind, she had dated and engaged in sexual relations with many men in the past but lately sex didn't even enter the picture. She was more sexless than sexual. Not that she didn't enjoy sex either she love it! Just lately she couldn't get turned on by either men or women by just looking at them. She had not a single smidge of lust garb at her when she watched people, no impure thoughts could be mustered.

She finished her scrumptious meal, country fried chicken with mashed potatoes and a side garden salad. As she was cutting into her fresh apple pie the waitress asked her if she wanted a refill on her iced tea. Sara declined but asked the waitress if she knew of a place where she could take a shower and maybe rack out for the night. The hostess told her the town had no motels but there was a place that took in weary travelers, the Summerton Home. Finishing her pie washing it down with the last swallow of drink Sara got the directions to the Summerton Home and left the pleasing restaurant.

Sara climbed on her bike; she loved the ride a great deal, she just wished she would have started to ride earlier in her life. Sara became independently wealthy when her parents died in a horrible head on crash ten years earlier. She didn't want the headaches of running a lumber mill so she sold it off making close to six million dollars. As soon as the deal was completed Sara bought her first bike and took lessons. Soon she was fully qualified and found herself tearing down the open roads. She packed away the concept of time never again to be a slave to scheduling. 

Now thirty nine Sara was proud of her well kept figure, she garnered stares from men and women alike. She had the perfect hour glass figure, a body of a time forgotten, you would think her to be a sixties Hollywood starlet, that is of course as long as she wasn't wearing her biker gear.

Sara roared into the drive of the Summerton Home, a quaint place with a white picket fence and matching shutters. She made her way up the stairs and noticed a sign in the window that said "travelers welcome".

She rang the bell and was greeted by a stunning young blond girl who introduced herself as Margaret but quickly added that Sara could call her Maggie. Maggie was around five foot five; a full four inches shorter than Sara, her silky hair flowed softly to the middle of her tiny waist. Maggie had bright green mysterious eyes, almost cat like. Sara couldn't help but notice the ample breasts Maggie carried, probably the same size as her own but they seemed much more pronounced on account of her small stature.

Sara felt a tingling she hadn't felt in quite some time and was shocked that another woman was turning her on like this. She tried to speak but her voice cracked at first but soon she recovered to speak with the gorgeous girl.

"I'm Sara, pleasure to meet you Maggie," Sara said and held out her hand. As Maggie took her hand Sara felt bolts of pleasure race through her body. "If you could, I would like a room and as you can tell I am in desperate need of a shower." The lovely younger woman smiled and said she would be glad to accommodate Sara. Sara followed her up to the guest room then Maggie showed Sara where the shower was.

"We also have a nice cool swimming pool out back if you want to go for a dip. I am going to go later on when the sun starts going down. I just love taking a swim during sunset!" Maggie told the motorcycle driving lady.

"That sounds great but I am afraid I don't have a suit with me." Sara could hear the disappointment in her own voice. Maggie told Sara she was sure she could find a suit that would fit her. An awkward silence then filled the room and Sara couldn't take it so she just blurted out, "How many others do you have staying here?"

Maggie answered, "Well tonight it is just you and me. My parents just left for Vegas today and we hardly ever get travelers anymore. In fact you are the first we have had this year since they built the new freeway."

Sara couldn't believe the naughty thoughts that crossed her mind. Here she was all alone with the sexy young thing. She was thrilled and couldn't wait for their evening swim together. "Well maybe the two of us can make a party out of it!"

"Cool," Maggie said, "We have plenty of booze in our bar. I hope you like strawberry daiquiris they are my fave! Just don't tell anyone though cause I'm only nineteen." Maggie was really happy there was another female to talk to. She had always wanted a sister it was pretty lonely living in such a small town. The few friends she had already left for college and freed themselves of the boredom of small town life. Maggie was a little resentful of the life she had, she just wanted to break out and go wild. She envied this free spirited woman in front of her and wanted to know every thing about her, and besides she could tell that beneath the woman's leather get up was a very sexy lady. Sara told Maggie she was going to have a shower and took off to the bathroom.

Sara finished the refreshing shower; it felt good to her to be clean again, and called out to Maggie asking about the bathing suit. Maggie told her she had put a couple suits on Sara's bed and to pick which ever one she wanted. Sara tried both the suits on. They weren't even bathing suits they were tiny bikinis that left little to the imagination. She settled on the orange one with the black trim, it was the bigger one of the two but still did little to hold in her big boobs. The bottoms were just a tiny triangle that barely covered her snatch with string straps. Sara was just glad she shaved her cunt during her shower.

She made her way back downstairs and noticed Maggie had already put her bikini on too. She looked at the girl and felt her pussy start to leak; she hoped it wasn't going to be obvious. Maggie was bent over adding the mix and alcohol to the blender, Sara could just make out the hang of her young pussy, she was thrilled to see she was also clean shaven.

"I hope you doubled up the alcohol content I like to feel the warmth slide deep inside me," she told the girl realizing too late how sexually charged her statement was.

"Mmmmm...I wish I knew what warmth sliding deep inside me felt like," Maggie replied winking at Sara. She just kept smiling at the older sensual woman as she poured the two fruity drinks, splitting the whole pitcher into their glasses equally. "Let's go to the pool and have a dip!" Maggie said to Sara.

Sara and Maggie talked for awhile and Sara found herself really falling for the younger woman, she had an air and a want about her that made Sara melt inside. She was taken aback by these feelings but really wanted to see where they might lead. She craved this hot young thing and wanted to just reach out and grab a hold of her. As they kept talking Sara also noticed Maggie looking at her with what appeared to be lustful eyes, the look made Sara uncontrollably horny and she just couldn't take it anymore. For a minute when the two women's eyes locked into to each other a heavy silence held the air. They both knew what each other wanted. Sara broke the spell and took Maggie's head in her hands and guided her to her mouth. Her first ever real kiss with another woman was magical, never before had she experienced such joy and passion from just a simple kiss. 

The hunger burned for each other as their tongues immediately found the others and danced a sinful dance. The slippery stimulation soon had both girls moaning out loud. The setting just perfect with the falling sun, sky all mauve and brilliant reds, made the moment that much hotter. Sara's hands seized Maggie's firm youthful heaving breasts, Maggie mirrored the movements, taking a grasp on Sara's full melons. Soon the girls had torn away their skimpy suits and were digging their fingers deep into each other's cunts. The women finger fucked each other with reckless abandon never breaking their sizzling moist lip lock. While their tongues continued to wrestle they both exploded into simultaneous orgasm.

"Oh yes I am cummmmmiiinnnggg......" Sara screamed.

"Oh God, Me too...cummmmmiiinnnggg sooo harrrrrrrddddd!" Maggie squealed. The two ladies juices poured over the other's hand, trying to grab their breath they stopped to calm down. 

Sara looked at Maggie and laid her back on the pool deck and feasted on her teenaged tits, taking first her left then her right nipple into her hungry mouth. She didn't waste much time on the heavenly mounds however and began her tongue's travel down her smooth flat belly to get to the destination she desired. Sara dipped her head and lapped at Maggie's drenched pussy, licking for all she was worth. Maggie was panting and moaning, thrashing her hips up to meet Sara's plunges. 

Maggie needed to taste the older lady and grabbed her legs and swung them over her face, the two now in a perfect sixty-nine. Maggie found she loved this new found taste and ate it up for all she was worth. They both were soon reaching plateaus never achieved before.

"Yes that's it! Oh my I am cumming again! Don't ever stop eating my cunt!" Sara said to the nubile princess below her as she gushed all over her face. After finishing her multiple orgasms she returned her attentions back to the youngster's hot pussy.

"Right there...right there...oh God right there!" Maggie screamed ending with a washout of her own. Sara greedily licked up every drop.

"Oh Maggie I think I am in love," Sara told her new found friend, as she gazed into her soft eyes. Sara just wanted to have this sweet thing forever. She knew she was now addicted and for the first time she believed in love at first sight. A thought came to her mind and she quietly whispered, "I am a lesbian..."

"I think I love you too," the young girl answered. "Please take me with you, I wanna travel and be with you forever!"

Sara told Maggie it would be her honor to have her by her side and wrapped her loving arms around the girl and the two of them sipped at their strawberry daiquiris and watched the sun finally fall over the horizon.