 Chapter Six: The End Game

As Casandra was walking to Ms. Flanders' office, she was feeling good this Tuesday. In just under two months school would be through. And Madison, as her, would graduate. 

"Yes, it is going well," she thought as she walked into the office. 

Sharon said, "Go right in Madison." 

When Casandra opened the door and started to enter, she stopped cold. In the room, sitting on the sofa, were Madison and Jessica. They were naked and both had been crying. After a moment, Casandra gathered herself and entered. Ms. Flanders said, "Hello, on time as usual." 

"Hello, what is going on?" 

"Oh, we have been having a very nice chat." 

"About what?" 

"You, for one thing Casandra." 

Casandra was startled and said, "What did you call me?" 

"I called you Casandra. That is your name right?" 

Casandra glanced at her two Slaves and said, "Yes." 

Ms. Flanders looked at Madison and Jessica and said, "You may both get dressed and leave for the day." 

As she handed them a form, she said, "Here are passes to go home." She looked at Casandra and asked, "Anything to add dear?" 

Casandra could tell that Ms. Flanders knew everything, so she said to her Slaves, "Yes, go to Jessica's. I will see you later." 

After the two young ladies left the office, Ms. Flanders looked at Casandra and Casandra stared right back. After a few moments, it was Ms. Flanders who blinked and looked away. She then walked to her door and called Sharon over. When Sharon got close, Ms. Flanders said to her, "Take a break Sharon and lock the door on your way out." 

Sharon looked at her and started to say something but Ms. Flanders cut her off, "I said leave." 

Ms. Flanders watched Sharon walk out the door, and then she turned and walked back to her chair. "I am impressed Casandra. You switched places with Madison. Then make her your Slave. Then Jessica. Then your Mother." 

"Correction, I made my Mother my Slave before Jessica." 

"What am I to do with you? If this gets out, I will be a laughing stock. Really? What were you thinking?" 

Casandra started to speak but Ms Flanders held up her hand. She then continued, "With only two months left we will let it ride. No one else knows." 

"How did you find out?" 

"I noticed that Casandra, I mean Madison, and Jessica were friends. I watched. Something seemed odd. So I brought them here this morning. It took a lot I am afraid. I am sorry. Both took quite a beating. Neither one wanted to talk but finally Jessica broke. And then Madison. They told me everything. Like I said, I am impressed." 

"Thank you. I am sorry." 

"If you are a Mistress, then..." 

"Why do I let you use me? Simple, I like sex." 

"Well that makes since. Should we continue the sessions?" 

"Why not?" 

"Well, we have a problem." 

"What problem?" 

"Mrs. Bogert likes you, a lot. She wants you to be her permanent live-in Slave. She is a very wealthy and powerful woman; we do not want her as an enemy." 

There were several minutes of silence as the two thought. Then Casandra said, "Give her Sharon." 

"What?" 

"Give her Sharon. Look, it solves everything." 

"How?" 

"Ok, we give Mrs. Bogert Sharon and I take her position, except it is changed to assistant to the principal. Madison changes back to herself next year. It doesn't affect Jessica. And we can use Madison during her rest period." 

"Ok, but..." 

"It's perfect. Everyone wins." 

"Except Sharon." 

"She will be the Slave of a wealthy woman. She'll be fine" 

"Damn, you are evil;" Ms. Flanders said smiling." 

"Starting tomorrow, she will be our slut and I will take her home each night. By Friday she will be ready. Call Mrs. Bogert and set up a Friday meeting." 

"All right. If you're sure." 

"Yes, I'm sure." 

"I believe you. I'm glad I'm not in your sights." 

"No, I consider you my equal." 

"Why thank you." 

"Fellow Mistresses are we not?" 

"Yes." 

"So, we are agreed then?" 

Holding out her hand, Ms. Flanders said, "Yes, we are agreed." 

And the two shook on it. Then Casandra said, "Call Sharon back in, I will start now." 

Ms. Flanders walked to the office door and unlocked it, opened it and looked out in the hall. She saw Sharon and said, "Come back Sharon." 

Sharon walked back and started to go to her desk when Casandra stepped in front of her and said, "You know Sharon, people are not always how they seem. Take me. You think I am a submissive. I am not. Those two young ladies that were here before are two of my Slaves. Yes, they are my Slaves. Ask Ms. Flanders." 

Sharon looked at Ms. Flanders with a questioning look and Ms. Flanders answered, "Yes Sharon, they are her Slaves." 

"I have three Slaves, the third is my Mother. Now I have four. You, Sharon, are my forth Slave." 

"But, I..." 

Casandra slapped her hard on the face. "I didn't ask you. I am telling you. Now tomorrow you are to wear a very short skirt and no panties. Understand Slave Sharon." 

Sharon was rubbing her face, then lowered her eyes and said, "Yes Mistress." 

"What? I didn't hear you." 

In a louder voice Sharon said, "Yes Mistress." 

"Good. And Ms. Flanders is also your Mistress. I give her the right to you when I am not present. If you are not dressed as I have said tomorrow she will give you a spanking like she gave my two Slaves." 

Sharon's eyes got big and she said, "I will obey Mistress." 

"Good." 

Then Ms. Flanders walked Casandra to the door saying, "Damn, you are good. You remind me of an old friend. It's funny. Her name is Casandra too. She has ten or twelve slaves that live with her on a large estate. She is something. You are a lot like her."

That evening Casandra told her three Slaves the plan. Then she said, "Madison, you and Jessica bring Sharon home after school. Use her well but do not let her cum." 

"Yes Mistress." 

"I want her ready for Friday." 

On Wednesday and Thursday, during Madison's free period, it was Sharon who was used and abused. But she was not allowed to cum. Then, both evenings, she was used again, but not allowed to cum. By Thursday night, she was so hot and horny and Casandra had had her Slaves tie her down. Casandra walked up to her and said, "You poor dear. So hot. So ready to cum. Are you ready to submit to me? Completely? Say it and I will let you cum. Say it." 

Sharon said in almost a scream, "Yes, yes. Make me your Slave. Please let me cum." 

Casandra then took a large dildo and shoved it into Sharon's hot cunt. And she pumped it and pumped it, in and out, in and out. Sharon's had a huge orgasm, then another, then another. Then the passed out. A few minutes later, she awoke. The other Slaves took her to the bathroom and cleaned her up. When she was presentable, she walked to Casandra and said, "Mistress, please accept me as your slave." 

"I accept you." 

The next day, Mrs. Bogert came to the meeting. When she walked into Ms. Flanders office she found Ms. Flanders and the teacher Madison sitting. She was startled when it was Madison who spoke first. Casandra said, "Hello Mrs. Bogert. Please sit. I want to talk to you." 

With a look towards Ms. Flanders, she said, "All right." 

"My name is not Madison. My name is Casandra Wilson. I changed places with Madison. I became teacher Madison and she became student Casandra. I am the Mistress to four Slaves. My first was Madison, my second was my Mother Rachel, my third a student named Jessica and the four is Sharon, Ms. Flanders's secretary." 

Mrs. Bogert looked at Casandra, then at Ms. Flanders, who said, "It is true. Everything she said. She is the Mistress to four women." 

Mrs. Bogert said, "Then why have you allowed yourself to be used here every school day?" 

"I enjoy sex. It is fun." 

Mrs. Bogert looked at Casandra for a moment, and then started to laugh, saying, "I like sex too." 

"I understand that you have express interest in me becoming your slave. I am flattered of course but that is impossible." 

"I see." 

"However, I offer you one of my Slaves. I will give you Sharon, ok." 

"Sharon?" 

"Yes, Sharon." 

"I don't know." 

"Oh, she is very good and very obedient." 

"Bring her in, let me see her." 

Casandra walked to the door, opened it and ordered Sharon to "come here." 

When Sharon entered the office, Casandra said, "Sharon, who am I?" 

"You are my Mistress." 

"Very good Slave." 

Sharon smiled at the praise. 

"Strip and pose for Mrs. Bogert." 

Sharon striped and posed. Then Casandra said, "Now sit and make yourself cum." 

Sharon sat down and inserted two fingers into her cunt and fondled her tits. She soon came. Casandra then said, "Now, ask Mrs. Bogert if you can eat her pussy." 

Sharon said, "Mrs. Bogert, may I eat your pussy." 

"Yes dear." 

Sharon then got on her knees before Mrs. Bogert and ate her pussy. After Mrs. Bogert came, Casandra said, "Slave Sharon, thank Mrs. Bogert, than get dressed and go back to your desk." 

Sharon said, "Thank you Mrs. Bogert." 

After she left the room, Casandra asked Mrs. Bogert, "So, do you accept her." 

"When do I take possession?" 

"The day after school ends." 

"Ok young Mistress. You have a deal." 

And they shook on it. For the next several weeks, till the end school, Sharon lived with her Mistress and was trained to be the perfect Slave. Each day, Mistress Casandra and Mistress Flanders used and abused Slave Sharon during Casandra's free period. 

For Madison, she was coming to the end of an adventure at school. She was enjoying school and in a way was sorry it was coming to the end. But she looked forward to "coming back and being the teacher this time." 

For Jessica, she was "wondering what to do after school. College? Get a job? Perhaps Mistress will have an idea." 

Actually she did, Casandra had talked several times with Mrs. Bogert. The three of them, Mrs. Bogert, Ms. Flanders and Casandra had had several dinners together and Mrs. Bogert had agreed to pay for Jessica's college if Casandra would "loan" her to Mrs. Bogert on some weekends. Casandra agreed and when she told Jessica about it, Jessica screamed with delight. 

"Oh, thank you Mistress. Thank you." 

The shock that Jessica had when she found out the truth had now worn off. She loved her Mistress more than ever. 

For Rachel, life and work went on. She worked hard and serves her daughter Mistress with all her heart and soul. 

The two months went by quickly and it was suddenly the day after school. That was when Casandra had agreed to give Sharon to Mrs. Bogert. That morning, all were present at the Wilson home. Mistress Casandra, Mistress Flanders, Slave Madison, Slave Rachel, Slave Jessica and Slave Sharon were all sitting in the living room chatting when Mrs. Bogert arrived. As she walked up to the door, Casandra opened the door and said, "Hello Mrs. Bogert. I will get her." 

She then turned to the others and said, "Sharon, please come here." 

Sharon walked up to Casandra and said, "Yes Mistress?" 

With a heavy heart, because Casandra had grown to greatly like Sharon, she said, "You are to go with this woman. You are her slave now; I have given you to her." 

Sharon's eyes got big and she felt faint. All in the home were crying and were very upset. Rachel had come up and held Sharon and said, "It will be all right. Mistress Casandra knows what is best for us all." 

When she had recovered, Sharon stood straight and asked, with tears in her eyes, "Why are you doing this Mistress? Haven't I been a good Slave?" 

"Yes you have. But you will be happy with her. I promise." 

"Ok Mistress Casandra." 

Sharon then turned to her new Mistress and said, "Hello Mistress." 

Mrs. Bogert, who had just watched a very moving scene said, "Mistress Casandra, you and I had an agreement I believe concerning this young lady." 

"Yes, we have an agreement." 

"You have created a marvelous group of slaves. I cannot break up such a creation. I dissolve our agreement." 

"You do?" 

"Yes, I had such a group once. You remind me of me." 

She then looked at Jessica and said, "I also dissolve our agreement about Slave Jessica. At least part of it. I will still pay for her college but at no cost." 

"I don't know what to say. Thank you," Casandra said as she hugged Mrs. Bogert. 

Mrs. Bogert then said, "You Slaves take care of your Mistress. She is very special." And then to Casandra she said, "Come visit me tomorrow, we can discuss your future." 

As Mrs. Bogert drove off, the roof was blown off by the screams of delight. Everyone was so happy. 

The next day, Casandra drove out to Mrs. Bogert's home. While they were having tea, Mrs. Bogert asked, "What are your plans now?" 

"Well, because of your generous offer. Sharon will stay as Ms. Flanders secretary so I guess I will go to college." 

"I have a proposition for you." 

"What is it?" 

"I have no children, no grandchildren. I have no one. Let me put you through college and when you are through, you can take over my fortune and my businesses. You will be my heir."

"But, that is too much. I can't let you do that." 

"I said that you remind me of me a long time ago. Do this for me darling. If fact, all of you should move in here. There is plenty of room. I am so lonely, please." 

"You want us all here? All of us." 

"Yes, you would all be my family." 

Laughing, Casandra said, "We do have a lot of sex you know." 

"Oh, I am sure you do. Would you mind if I watched sometimes and perhaps, joined in?" 

"Not at all. Who do you want to move in with you?" 

"Your entire group dear. You, your four Slaves and your fellow Mistress Ms. Flanders." 

"Even her?" 

"Yes dear, don't you see? Ms. Flanders is part of your group. Only..." 

"Yes." 

"You are supreme. When you move in here, you will be supreme. And that includes me." 

"Oh no Mrs. Bogert, not you." 

"Yes, even me. Oh, not as a slave, no. But not as a fellow Mistress but apart. You will be our leader." 

"All right Mrs. Bogert, if that is how you want it." 

"Yes it is. I have been searching for such a lady as you for a long time. I am so happy to have found my equal." 

And Mrs. Bogert started to cry. Casandra took her into her arms and said, "We will make you a happy lady, I promise." 

"Thank you my dear. Ok, enough tears. Shall we go and tell all the good news." 

So, soon all were living with Mrs. Bogert at her estate. Mistress Casandra, Mistress Flanders, Slave Madison, Slave Rachel, Slave Jessica, Slave Sharon and Mrs. Bogert all lived in harmony. Casandra and Jessica both went to college. Casandra studied business and when she graduated, she took over Mrs. Bogert businesses as planned. Jessica studied teaching and went on to take a position at the school. 

Ms. Flanders remained the principal and Sharon remained her secretary. Madison got to teach and remained for many years; she did not have any "sessions" at school. Rachel stayed with her job even though she did not need to but after Casandra finished all her college studies, she quit and became Casandra's assistant. 

They all grew to love and respect Mrs. Bogert and she grew to love all of the ladies, especially Casandra. The two of them had a special bond, stronger in some ways then between Casandra and her mother Rachel. It was a strong and loving relationship. All in all, the household was full of love.