 Nadia and I sat beside each other, picking blackberries from the vines climbing the trellis in her parents' backyard. We'd already gotten all the ripe berries from the top of the trellis, and now we focused our attention on those growing closer to the ground. The leafy vines grew thick and unruly, almost covering the trellis completely and blocking our view of Nadia's house. Of course, huddled behind the trellis the way we were, no one looking outside could see us, either.

Farther behind the house and on either side of it were acres of woods. I'd always loved spending time here; this place was so different from my parents' house in the city. In my neighborhood, the lots were small and cleared of all but a few trees. 

It wasn't even that long of a drive for me to reach Nadia's house, since the county where we lived was predominantly rural. Just outside the city limits, farmland and wooded tracts were plentiful. Still, if Nadia and I hadn't attended the same school growing up, our paths might never have crossed. That thought was like a shadow cast over my mind, making me shiver slightly, for I couldn't imagine my life without Nadia in it. We'd been best friends for almost as long as I could remember.

Today the July sun was like a hot palm resting on our heads, and I felt a layer of sweat gathering between my breasts. Nadia and I wore tank tops, shorts, and flip-flops, but we were still grateful for every hint of breeze that ruffled our hair. A large plastic container sat between us, and it was quickly growing full of berries. 

We'd been home from college for well over two months, but since we'd spent our freshman year at different schools, separated by hundreds of miles, it seemed that we still had plenty to catch up on. We'd stayed in touch while at school, of course, but it wasn't the same as sitting next to each other and sharing everything about what was going on in our lives. 

"So," Nadia said, drawing out the word, "are you ever going to tell me what happened between you and Chelsea?" She brushed her shoulder-length dark curls out of her face. How I had envied her hair when we were growing up, wishing I had curls like hers. Yet she had hated those springy coils, grumbling that there was nothing she could do to manage them. Now she mostly let them be, while I often kept my sandy blonde hair pulled up in a messy bun. 

With fingertips stained purple from picking the fruit, I plucked a succulent berry and tossed it into my mouth. It was sun-warm, weeping sweetness onto my tongue. "She wanted to see other people," I finally said. 

Chelsea and I had broken up in the spring, and while I'd shared that news with Nadia, I hadn't gone into details. It was too fresh and raw back then. Now I found I could talk about it without flinching.

"Quinn, I'm sorry," Nadia said. "I wish I hadn't brought it up. I thought you'd tell me in your own time, but you haven't mentioned her once since we've been home, and..." Her green eyes met mine, and I could tell she was trying to read me, to understand just how deep the wound was beneath my cheerful façade. 

I forced a smile. "It's okay, really. We got too serious too fast."

Nadia cleared her throat, which was a sign that she wanted to say something but didn't know if she should. "I was wondering about that," she finally told me. "It seemed like you were dating a ton of different girls during the fall semester—"

"Not a ton!" I protested through my laughter. "But you can you blame me? I finally got out of this place and was free to be myself. No one at college even blinked at the fact that I'm attracted to women, whereas you and my parents are the only people around here who know that about me."

I could clearly remember coming out to Nadia when I was sixteen. I recalled the way she hugged me and whispered that she loved me; she said she was honored that I'd trusted her with my secret. The acceptance and support she gave me made it easier for me to share the news with my parents as well. I hadn't known how they would react, but they told me they only wanted me to be happy and would always love me no matter what. 

Nadia's parents didn't know I was a lesbian, however. They were conservative and also avid churchgoers, and both Nadia and I felt it was better not to tell them. It still bothered her parents that Nadia had stopped attending church once she headed off to college.

"I'm not judging," Nadia assured me now. "It's just that there seemed to be a new girl every week, and then when Chelsea came along earlier this year, she was all you talked about."

I released a heavy sigh. "Yeah, she was. I was crazy about her, and it broke my fucking heart when she said she didn't want to be in a relationship anymore." 

"I know," Nadia said quietly. "Even with all the miles between us, I could tell you were hurting, and I wished more than anything that I could be there for you."

I turned to her and smiled again, and this time it was genuine. "God, I've missed you so much," I said.

Nadia grinned and then leaned over to kiss my cheek. "I've missed you, too, Quinn."

We went back to picking berries, and I listened while Nadia complained about her Biology professor. "I'm so happy to be done with that class!" she said. 

Before I could reply, she let out a startled yelp and leaped to her feet so fast, I didn't fully register what was happening. "Something stung me!" she shrieked while yanking down her shorts. Once she had them around her ankles, she brushed her palms against her backside to make sure she was free of her insect assailant. "Ouch!" She gritted her teeth in a grimace of pain.

I cringed, realizing that a bee or wasp had crawled up her shorts. I was about to tell her to turn around and let me see the sting when my stare dropped to her crotch, which was concealed by a sheer bit of white fabric. Those panties left nothing to the imagination, and my eyes widened when I discovered that Nadia's pussy was completely bare.

"Christ, Nadia, what have you done to your pussy?" I cried. 

Momentarily forgetting her pain, Nadia leaned forward and swatted me hard on the upper arm. "Say it a little louder, Quinn—I don't think people in the next county heard you!" she hissed.

I gave her a sheepish grin. "Sorry," I said, then went back to gaping at her crotch. "Um, when did you do that?" I couldn't help but wonder if some guy had convinced her to shave off all her pubic hair while she was away at college. 

Finally I lifted my head so I could meet her eyes. She shrugged, but I saw a blush stealing across her freckled cheeks, and I guessed it wasn't from the heat. "I started shaving it a few months ago," she said. "I figured it might be cooler for the summer."

"Yeah, but that's going to itch like mad when it starts to grow back," I told her.

"Who says I plan to let it grow back?" she said, her eyes flashing a challenge.

I held up my hands. "Hey, it's your pussy—you do whatever you want."

Nadia glowered at me. "Now that we're clear on that, would you mind looking at the sting?" She turned around, and I had to resist the urge to avert my gaze. She was wearing a thong, and it seemed wrong for me to be staring at her ass. Sure, we'd been best friends since elementary school, but we were always modest around each other. 

"Well, do you see it?" she demanded, snapping me out of my reverie.

I spotted the red welt low on her left butt cheek, almost at her thigh. "Yep, it got you good," I murmured, hoping my voice conveyed the sympathy I had for her. She was going to feel that sting every time she sat down. 

Bringing my face close to her ass, I saw the stinger embedded in her flesh. "The stinger's still in your skin, so it was a bee. Be thankful it wasn't a wasp."

"Can you get the stinger out?" she asked.

"I'll try," I said, then swallowed hard before cupping my hand over her ass cheek and lifting it so I could stretch her skin taut. Nadia released a low moan, and I almost pulled my hand away. "Am I hurting you?"

"No," she said quickly. 

"I'll do it fast," I promised, then used my thumbnail to scrape at the stinger. Nadia whimpered, and I hated that I was causing her more pain. "Got it. You need to wash that sting and put some ice on it."

"It hurts," she whined, rubbing her bottom but avoiding contact with the sting.

Before I could stop myself, I asked, "Do you want me to kiss it and make it better?"

I heard Nadia draw in a sharp breath, and then a silence fell over us. I finally laughed, trying to banish the sudden awkwardness. "I'm just playing with you. Now let's go back in the house. I think we have enough berries for your mom to make ten cobblers."

Nadia looked over her shoulder at me. From where I knelt behind her, I could only see her profile. "I do want you to kiss it," she said, her voice and expression completely serious. "It's the least you could do after carrying on about my pussy."

I raised an eyebrow, for Nadia knew I wasn't one to back down from a dare. "Alright then," I said softly. 

She quickly turned so she was looking straight ahead once more, and there was no mistaking the sound of her breaths coming faster.

I told myself this was just teasing between best friends. We'd grown up together and had shared every secret with each other. We swore we'd never be apart, but college had separated us for so many months, and I had yearned for her presence every day. If I was honest, I would admit that I feared losing her—to new friends, to some guy, to the world beyond our hometown.

All these emotions welled up inside me like a spring, and as I brought my face within inches of Nadia's bottom, drinking in the sight of her luscious curves and creamy skin, I felt a wave of longing inside that I wasn't ready to acknowledge.

I didn't press my lips to the sting. Instead, I planted gentle kisses all around it. 

I heard her moan again, louder this time, and she angled her hips backward, just enough to press her ass cheek more firmly against my mouth. Now it was my turn to moan. I couldn't resist grabbing her hips and holding her still so I could bury my face against her supple flesh, careful not to graze the sting.

"Oh, that feels so much better!" she breathed. 

I was quickly growing wet, and I felt a throb of desire between my thighs. I knew I should stop, that this had gone too far, but I still nuzzled my lips against her skin. I imagined slipping a hand around her and working my fingers into her panties so I could find out if she was wet, too. 

It was then that her mother called from the back door of the house, and Nadia and I hurriedly drew apart. I was relieved that we couldn't be seen behind the trellis.

Nadia pulled up her shorts, and I saw traces of berry juice staining the fabric. I carried the container as we headed back to the house where her mom was waiting on us. 

"I need those berries if I'm going to get the cobbler made so we can have it for dessert this evening," Nadia's mom said. She was in her early forties, but she could have passed for Nadia's older sister.

Nadia took the container from me and thrust it at her mom. "Here," she said, her expression sour. As the three of us went inside, Nadia's mom gave me a questioning look.

"She got stung," I explained.

"Oh, no! Where did you get stung?" her mom asked.

We followed Nadia into the kitchen, where she washed her hands at the sink. "On my butt," she mumbled.

"What? I can't hear you."

"On my butt!" Nadia repeated, louder this time. Then she grabbed a plastic baggie from a box in the cabinet and went to the freezer for some ice cubes.

Nadia's mom gaped at her. "How on earth did you get stung on your butt?"

When Nadia didn't answer, I said, "A bee crawled up her shorts."

Her mom cringed. "Honey, I'm sorry."

Nadia shrugged. "It's fine. I'm going to put some ice on it."

"Do you need help?" Nadia's mom asked her.

"Mom, I'm nineteen, not five!" Nadia snapped as she left the room. I offered her mom an apologetic smile, then washed my hands before I hurried after my friend. 

I waited for her in the hallway outside the closed bathroom door, resisting the urge to knock and ask if she needed anything. She obviously wasn't in the mood to be coddled. Studying my hands, I found that my fingers were still stained purple. 

When Nadia emerged from the bathroom several minutes later, her expression wasn't any brighter. We headed to her bedroom all the way down the hall, and as soon as I shut the door behind us, Nadia kicked off her shoes, then pulled down her shorts and stepped out of them. I averted my stare, feigning interest in a framed photo hanging on the wall.

"Well, how does it look now?" Nadia asked, drawing my attention back to her.

She was bent over the bed, her ass in the air. Her face was turned away from me, so I couldn't read her expression as I approached her. "Didn't you take a look at it when you were in the bathroom?" I asked, my words strained. 

"No, I just disinfected it," she said. 

I knew that Nadia didn't need me to constantly look at her ass and give her updates about her condition, but I refused to acknowledge the most obvious explanation for her strange behavior. If Nadia had been any other girl, I would have suspected she was being coy, skirting around her interest in me. But this was Nadia, my best friend. My straight best friend. 

"It's not as red now, and the swelling's gone down a little," I told her, keeping a respectful distance. When I thought of kneeling behind her and pressing my lips to her skin, I shivered. But that was only a bit of fun, I told myself. Nadia had dared me to literally kiss her ass, and I'd done it. I wouldn't allow myself to read anything more into it than that.

Nadia sighed and then climbed onto her bed. While resting on her stomach, she placed the bag of ice on the sting and closed her eyes. I sat down on the floor beside the bed, trying to think of something to say.

"I can't believe you kissed my ass," Nadia murmured, and I heard the grin in her voice.

I laughed and shook my head. "Hey, anything to make you feel better. That thong you're wearing certainly gave me easy access."

Nadia opened her eyes, and my gaze locked with hers. "It makes me feel sexy to wear it."

I tried to keep my tone light even as I fought back a rush of desire. "Well, you are sexy," I said.

She scoffed at my words. "No, I'm not."

"You are!" I insisted. "And I'm sure the guys you were seeing thought so."

I was aware that Nadia had dated plenty during her freshman year. I also knew she was no longer a virgin. What surprised me was that she hadn't gotten serious with anyone. She'd always been the hopeless romantic, whereas I'd spent much of my life simply trying to make sense of who I was. It was more than a little ironic that I'd been the one to fall head over heels in love with someone, while she stayed unattached.

"Those guys didn't mean anything to me," she said, "so it doesn't really matter what they think."

My stare swept over her, taking in the dark curls framing her face. I studied the slope of her back and the gorgeous curve of her ass. "Is the ice helping?" I asked softly.

She nodded but didn't speak. Her eyes were full of an emotion I couldn't identify, and I found I was afraid to ask her what she was thinking. It felt as though Nadia and I were edging ever closer to a precipice, and once we lost our footing, there would be no way to get back on solid ground. We'd be in freefall.

"I think I'm going to take a shower," I said, climbing to my feet. "I'm all sweaty."

"Okay," she murmured, and I took a clean change of clothes from my overnight bag. "Hey, Quinn?" I stopped and looked at Nadia expectantly. "You weren't just saying that before, were you? About me being sexy?"

Before I could answer, she turned over on her back, letting the bag of ice slide from her skin. Though she wore a bra, I could see her hard nipples poking at the fabric of her tank top. And oh fuck, those panties, so sheer and thin... I could easily make out the outline of her pussy lips. 

My breath caught in my throat, but I managed to speak. "I meant every word, Nadia."

She smiled, looking happier than I'd seen her all day. Then she stretched her arms over her head, causing her tank top to inch higher so that most of her stomach was revealed to me. As I stared down at her, I felt a steady insistent pulse between my thighs. 

"I think you're sexy, too," Nadia said, her voice just above a whisper. 

There was no mistaking the look on my friend's face now. I'd seen that same look on the faces of women I'd made love to. Nadia wasn't even trying to hide her desire, and as my cheeks grew hot, I knew I was doing a miserable job of keeping my composure.

Part of me wanted to dart from the room. A shower would give me time to think, to try to figure out what the hell was going on. But another part of me wanted to stay, wanted to find out just where this might lead. There was no denying that I'd been turned on kissing and fondling Nadia's ass earlier, and I was certainly turned on now.

Yet she was my dearest friend. As she looked up at me, waiting for me to say something, I felt such affection for her that I had to blink back tears. I adored Nadia, and I was terrified of putting our friendship at risk. 

I didn't trust myself to say anything more. Instead, I closed the distance between us and leaned forward so I could plant a gentle kiss on her forehead. She placed a warm palm against the side of my neck.

"Thanks for making me feel better," she said, and before I could straighten up, her lips found mine. 

At first I was too shocked to respond to her kiss, but then I found myself eagerly kissing her back even as I held my folded change of clothes against my chest in an attempt to keep some kind of barrier between us. 

Nadia's lips were soft and warm against mine, and I breathed in the scent of the summer's heat still clinging to her clothes and skin. I couldn't help but moan, and my heart was pounding so hard, I was sure she could hear it. 

When we finally drew apart, we were both breathing faster, and her eyes were wide as she looked up at me. I had no idea how to dampen the desire that kiss had ignited in both of us.

I wasn't sure I wanted to.

I gave her a smile. "I'd better go take that shower," I said. "I'm really hot all of a sudden."

Nadia grinned, obviously pleased with the effect her kiss had on me. I turned and hurried from the room, desperate for a few minutes alone in order to clear my head. Once I was in the bathroom, I stripped naked and took my hair down from its bun, then climbed into the shower while the water was still lukewarm. 

The tepid temperature did nothing to curtail my desire. Closing my eyes, I couldn't get the image of Nadia lying before me out of my head. As the water cascaded over my skin, I slipped a hand between my thighs and leaned against the shower wall for support. 

My fingers glided easily over my swollen inner folds, which were slick with my juices. That natural lubricant felt far different from the water falling upon me. Biting my lip, I sought out my clit and moaned softly as I rolled the tender nub back and forth with a fingertip. 

I knew I didn't have much time, and if I wasn't able to obtain some kind of release, I feared I'd go crazy simply being near Nadia. How had this happened? I wondered even as I was held in the grip of my need for her. How had a friendship so effortlessly turned into something more?

I rubbed my clit furiously, whimpering at the pressure my fingers were exerting. I didn't slow my pace in order to let my arousal build even more; instead, I worked for that orgasm as if my life depended on it. 

Simply thinking of Nadia standing before me with her shorts lowered and her ass on full display was enough to make me begin shuddering. I clenched my thighs around my hand and pressed my lips together to suppress a cry. 
