 Casandra felt great Monday morning. What could have been a terrible fight with her Mom had instead been turned to her advantage. She now had two Slaves and her Mom was on board about the switch. The three women had slept together, all cuddled up. When they woke up, they smiled at each other. Madison spoke first, saying, "Good morning Mistress. Good morning Slave Mom."

Rachel looked at her daughter for a moment as if she was rethinking her slavery and then said, "Good morning Mistress Daughter. Good morning Slave Madison."

Casandra said, "Good morning Slaves. Madison, go to your apartment and get ready for school."

"Yes Miss Casandra."

When they were alone, Casandra said to her mother, "So Mom Slave. Are you prepared to be my slave?"

Rachel thought for several minutes. Casandra let her think, watching her. She could tell her Mom was struggling. Then Rachel said, "My dear daughter yesterday was a revelation. Yes, I am still uncomfortable with the incest. But, it felt great to submit to you."

She reached out to Casandra and continued, "Casandra, I love you. To answer your question. Yes, I am your Slave now."

The two looked into each other's eyes for a second, than both started to cry. And they hugged. After a few minutes, they separated and got ready for the day. Soon, Rachel left for her office and the two young women left for school. Madison was wearing the student uniform and Casandra was wearing a blouse and skirt.

During the first period, towards the end, Ms. Flanders walked into the classroom and observed for a few minutes. At the bell, after the students left, Ms. Flanders walked up to Casandra and said, "Madison, you are doing very well."

"Thank you Ms. Flanders."

"Please come to my office during your free period. It is the 3rd hour correct?"

"Yes, I'll be there."

At the 3rd period, her free time, Casandra went to the office. When she walked into the office, she was told to go in. "Hello Ms. Flanders. You wanted to see me?"

"Yes, please sit."

When Casandra was seated, Ms. Flanders said, "So, Madison how was your first week?"

"It has been wonderful. The students are doing well and the other teachers are supportive."

"That is great." Ms. Flanders stood up, walked around her desk and continued, "Do you know we use corporal punishment?"

"Yes."

"Have you had to spank a student yet?"

"No, I haven't. I have had no problems so far."

"That is good." Pausing for a moment, she said, "I think it would be a good idea for you to experience a spanking. So, you know what it is like. Ok?"

Surprised, Casandra just nodded. "Great, stand up Madison and lean over the desk."

Ms. Flanders picked up a paddle and said, "Oh, I think on your bare ass. Take off your panties."

"What?"

"Now. Take off your panties and lean over the desk."

Casandra took off her panties, set them on the desk and leaned over the desk. "Very nice," Ms. Flanders observed.

Ms. Flanders hit Casandra hard, then again, then again. Ms. Flanders used the paddle 10 times on Casandra. "Ok, that is enough for now. How did it feel?"

"It hurt," Casandra said as she reached for her panties.

But Ms. Flanders grabbed them first and said, "No, I think you will go without them."

"But, I can't go the rest of the day like this."

"Oh yes you will. And I think you should come back tomorrow for another spanking. Understand?"

"But..."

"Ok, if you don't what to work here anymore that is fine," Ms. Flanders said as she turned away.

"No, I want to continue to teach."

"Then you will obey me. Now get out, back to work sweetie."

As she walked back to her classroom, Casandra was still is shock. "What just happened?" she thought to herself. Later, when she met with Madison and told her what happened to her, Madison, "What are you going to do? Report her?"

"To who? Nothing will be done. I'll just do my best."

"Well, let me help you feel better," Madison said as she got down between Casandra's legs and ate her pussy. 

"Oh yes baby. Thank you."

The rest of the day when well but Casandra was aware of being panties less. On the way home Casandra said, "Do not tell Mom about what happened."

"Ok Mistress."

That night Rachel got home late, after dinner the three women made love and all fell asleep in each other's arms.

Each day, at school, Casandra went to Ms. Flanders office and was spanked. And left without panties. On Friday, as she was leaving Ms. Flanders said to Casandra, "Next week, just come in without panties on."

"Yes Ms. Flanders."

For Madison the week went well. She was doing well in all her classes and her teachers all thought well of her. Each day she got to make her Mistress cum and she rub her ass where she had been spanked. She thought to herself, "Poor Mistress, I'll make her feel better over the weekend."

Rachel was staying so busy at work that Casandra did not do much with her but that weekend she reinforced her role as the Mistress of the house. The three drove to a neighboring city to shop. While there, Casandra had Rachel buy a very short skirts and a halter tops for all three. They all looked amazing. They had a great time of it and had a wonderful dinner Saturday evening. 

Then on Sunday, Casandra had Rachel and Madison, her two slaves, make out in the pool, than joined in the fun. She had them both service her and they made her cum several times. It was a great weekend. But Casandra was looking forward to school in the morning and looking forward to seeing Ms. Flanders.

Without being asked, during her free period, Casandra went to the office and Ms. Flanders. Ms. Flanders smiled and said, "Come in Madison."

Casandra walked in and stood, waiting. Ms. Flanders looked at her for a moment then said, "I think you have had enough spankings. Now, you can eat my pussy. Have you done that before Madison?"

"Yes I have."

"Then strip and come do me young lady."

Casandra smiled and took her clothes off. When she was naked, Ms. Flanders said, "You are a vision. Very lovely."

"Thank you," Casandra said as she walked over to Ms. Flanders. She then knelt down and started to eat Ms. Flanders.

She was working on giving Ms. Flanders her third orgasm when Ms. Flanders said, "Damn girl, you are good. I love it."

Casandra was very pleased to be praised. When she was satisfied, Ms. Flanders said, "Ok my dear. Get dressed and get back to class."

"Yes Ms. Flanders."

Casandra thought to herself as she was leaving the office, "Ok, that was so hot. I can't wait to see Madison and have her do me."

A couple of hours later, Casandra met with Madison and said as she spread her legs, "I just ate out Ms. Flanders to three orgasms. It was so hot. Now, get busy my little Slave."

Madison got right to her knees and brought her Mistress to two orgasms. Then, that night, after dinner, she had her Mom service her. She said, "Mom Slave, come with me. Madison, stay in the living room."

Both her Slaves said, "Yes Mistress."

Daughter Mistress and Mom Slave went into the bedroom and Casandra said as she took her clothes off, "Strip Mom and come here."

Rachel striped and joined her daughter Mistress on the bed. Casandra had her eat her out, then they did a 69, then Casandra fucked her Mother with a strap-on, and then made her Mother use a dildo on her. After a couple of hours, Casandra called in Madison to join them. It was a great night. Casandra went to sleep thinking "life is great."

For the rest of the week, each day, during her free period, Casandra went to the office of Ms. Flanders and ate her pussy while she was naked. And she was not spanked again.

On Wednesday, while Casandra was on her knees, naked, eating pussy, Sharon, Ms. Flanders' secretary, walked in on them. Casandra raised her head but Ms. Flanders pushed her head back down saying, "No my dear. Keep it up." Then to Sharon she said, "After I am through with her she can do you."

Again Casandra raised her head. Ms. Flanders said to her, "You don't mind do you dear?"

"No Ms. Flanders. I don't mind at all." 

So after Ms. Flanders was satisfied, Casandra ate Sharon's pussy and brought her to two orgasms. Sharon said after, "Damn, she is good."

And on Thursday, Casandra served both women again. Then on Friday, Ms. Flanders said as Casandra walked into the office, "You should feel the paddle again so you don't forget it. Strip and lean over the desk."

Casandra striped and leaned over the desk as Ms. Flanders handed the paddle to Sharon and said, "Here, you spank her."

With a big smile Sharon took the paddle and spanked Casandra even harder than Ms. Flanders did. Then Casandra was ordered to service both women. As she was leaving, Ms. Flanders said, "I'll have a surprise for you on Monday. See you then."

The weekend was spent with Casandra, Rachel and Madison staying together and resting. Each night was a wonderful time of love making. Lying in bed Sunday night, Casandra thought to herself, "How did this happen? I am like their Slave there. Here I am Mistress. But it is so much fun and so sexy doing Ms. Flanders and Sharon. So hot."

On Monday, when she got to Ms. Flanders office, Ms. Flanders said to her, "Good morning Slut. Strip and I will give you your surprise."

Casandra stripped and then Ms. Flanders said, "Kneel slut."

Casandra dropped to her knees and Ms. Flanders walked closer to her and raised her dress to reveal a large strap-on. "Now suck my dick and make it ready to fuck you."

Casandra looked up at Ms. Flanders for a moment, then took the dildo into her mouth and started to suck on it. After a time, Ms. Flanders said, "You have sucked cock before I see. Good slut. Now. Get up and bend over the desk."

Casandra did as ordered and Ms. Flanders came up behind her and started to fuck her hard. As she pounded Casandra's pussy, Sharon walked in to watch. Casandra came twice, then Ms. Flanders said, "Now slut. Take care of us. Beg us to be allowed to eat our pussies."

Casandra, still hot, said, "Please, let me take care of you both. Let me bring you off."

After both were satisfied, Ms. Flanders said, "You are such a good girl. See you tomorrow."

Each day, for the rest of the week, during her free period, Casandra was paddled, fucked and made to eat pussy. And she loved it. And later, each day, she had Madison eat her pussy. It was heaven.