 I was on my way to California for a long deserved vacation. All of a sudden I saw steam rolling from the hood of my car. I took a back road so I do not think there was a gas station for at least 20 miles or so. I raised the hood to let the engine cool off. If my luck was with me maybe someone would drive along and give me a lift to a gas station. 

I tired my cell phone to get a number of a towing company but there was no connection. Thank goodness I thought ahead and wore cool clothing. It seemed like forever but I thought my only hope would be to start walking. Just as I started walking I spotted a car. I was thrilled in hope someone could get me to a gas station close by.

To my surprise, the car stopped right behind my car. I started walking back towards my car. I almost tripped when I saw the beautiful woman get out of the car. She was average height. She had auburn hair. I do not judge people by the way they look but she was gorgeous. Her body was perfect. She must work hard to keep it looking so well. She had on a pair of sandals, bright yellow mini skirt, and a white sleeveless blouse. The bounce of her gorgeous breasts, and her slightly erect nipples lets me know she was not wearing a bra. 

She walked up to me, "Looks like you need a little help. My name is Jennifer. Is there anything I can do to help?" I was still stunned at how amazing she was and I managed to utter, "Yes, please I was just about to start walking. My name is Dee. Nice to meet you. My car has broken down and it was getting a little hot out here."

She said there was a gas station not far about 30 miles or so. I could feel the connection we already had between us. We both were checking each other out. Maybe this vacation was going to turn out better then I had expected. She said she thought we better go back to her house cause I looked like I need a nice cold drink. We could lock my car up not many people use this road and come back later for it when we cooled off.

I said that would be nice if it was not any trouble. We got in the car and drove a short time. We idly chatted while we were driving there. When we got to her house she told me to make myself comfortable and she would get me a drink. When she came back she asked if I would like to take a shower since I seemed so hot. At this point, I needed one between how hot she was making me and the heat outside. I told her I had not brought my bag and she said she was sure she had something I could wear.

We sat and talked for a while. She said I could take my shower while she made a few phone calls. She showed me the way up to her guest room where there was a full bathroom attacked. I noticed there was an adjoining door problem to her bedroom but I did not give it another thought.

I undressed and got the water nice and hot to relax me. I started washing my hair and I thought I heard something but I dismissed it cause Jennifer was on the phone and there was no one else there. I started to rinse my hair and when I opened my eyes I saw the beautiful women standing in front of me. Jennifer said she thought I might need some company. I looked at her with a big smile and said "I thought you would never get here."

The hot water relaxed us both. She soaped up her hands, and started washing me. My nipples grew erect as she washed them. She continued to wash down my stomach. Then she started to wash my pussy. She soaped up my nice smooth pussy, and let her soapy fingers slip into my slit. As she rubbed me, I closed my eyes and leaned back against the tile. Her touch was so soft and she was making me so hot and horny. 

I wanted my turn so I told her to turn around so I could wash her. I started rubbing my hands across her stiff nipples and made my way down to her sweet pussy. I wanted so much to taste her right there but I think she had other plans. I ran my soapy hands everywhere on her body. I gently kneaded her breasts and rolled her nipples between my fingers. I again made my way down her body paying special attention to her pussy. I started sliding my fingers in and out of her. I was hoping she would get the idea of how much I wanted her.

She took me by the hand and led me thru the door to her bedroom. There we toweled each other off. We could not keep our mind on getting dry because we knew we were not even close to as wet as we were going to get. We laid down next to each other on the bed. Jennifer told me to turn over. I didn't know what she was up to. She started rubbing lotion all over me. She worked down from my shoulders, past my waist, and down my legs. She seemed to purposely leave my ass for last. 

She started rubbing the lotion on each of my cheeks, allowing some of it to run down crack. This seemed to be her excuse to slide her fingers down and up across my tight anus. She let her finger linger there, watching my response. So I lifted my bottom a little to meet her pressure. 

I wanted my turn so I told Jennifer to lay on her back on the bed. I spread the lotion all over her firm beautiful breasts. I rubbed across her nipples, till they stood erect. I could tell from her breathing that this was exciting her. I wanted to tease her like she did me. I wanted her to crave me like I did her. I moved down her body. Leaving it for last, I skipped her pubic area. I poured lotion unto her smooth little mound. I spread her legs. I massaged her pussy I let my fingers work their way to find her hard clitoris. I started using small circular motion on top of it. Occasionally, I would stop and slip my fingers into her hot wet pussy. I worked my fingers it in and out. I brought one of my fingers up so I could taste her. Damn she tasted good. I took the other finger and let her taste her own sweet juices. Now I needed to taste her. I started licking her clit. When she neared her orgasm, I moved up her slit and drove my tongue as far in her as possible. With my tongue nice and wet with her juices I flicked my tongue lightly around her anus. I went back to teasing her clit but I use my finger to tease her ass and then gently entered it. At first, she resisted, but then she relaxed, and I moved my finger in and out. In a few minutes, her breathing quickened and she tightened her legs As she started to orgasm, she pushed her bottom back toward my face as I licked her even faster. She came in waved and I savored every drop of her.

We started kissing. Our tongues meeting. We explored each others mouths. Our hands moved over each others body, licking, sucking, and fondling. Jennifer left my mouth. She said finally I get to taste you. I have wanted to since I stopped and picked you up. She started kissing down my body, across my breasts. She ran her tongue over my right nipple. Jennifer lightly rubbed the left one with her other hand. My nipples were rock hard. She lightly bite the left one. I wiggled underneath her from the pleasure she was giving me. She moved down my stomach, and finally to my pussy. 

She took my pussy lips in her fingers and spread them apart. She took my hard clit in her mouth and gently sucked it. Little by little she applied more pressure to it. She started licking me and inserted two fingers into me. She slowly worked them in and out making me wetter more and more. I wetter I got the faster she licked. She increased her licking and sucking until I could not hold back anymore.

We both felt wonderful. This was an unexpected pleasure to my little vacation. We laid next to each other what seemed for hours. When we got back to my car, we kissed passionately. She said I should make sure my car breaks down near her house on my way back home.