 Chapter Two: School Starts and More

For Casandra, the first week of school was a whirl wind. She had stepped right into Madison's shoes and it felt great. Everyone had accepted her as Madison; the other teachers, the students and the office staff. Her class consisted of freshmen, 1st year high school students, and they were wonderful. Casandra felt right at home and she was looking forward to the rest of the year. 

There was also a daily session with Madison who ate Casandra to multiples orgasms. Madison was careful to keep their relationship secret. Since Madison was a "senior" and Casandra was teaching freshmen, the two did not see each other except when Casandra ordered Madison to meet her in a secluded site. 

For Madison the first week was also a whirl wind. She had easily got back into the "student" mode and fit right in as Casandra. She had always been a good student and enjoyed her classes. All her teachers liked her and she got along with her fellow students.

It was another long week for Rachel and she was very tired. On Saturday, they all when shopping and laid out at the pool. That evening, they had a good dinner. On Sunday, Rachel left to go to her office and Casandra took the opportunity to have her slave service her.

"Damn, I have to go to the office. Damn."

"Why Mom?"

"Oh, one of the accounts. Damn." She continued, "Well, I'll be back as soon as I can."

"Ok Mom. Drive safe."

Rachel kissed Casandra on the cheek as she left. Casandra watched her Mom drive away and then walked next door to see Madison, her slave. When she knocked, Madison opened the door and said, "Hello Mistress Casandra." And dropped to her knees.

"Hello Slave Madison." And walked inside.

Wants she was inside, Casandra said, "Get the strap-on. Now."

Madison got up, ran and got the strap-on and returned to her Mistress. "Here it is Mistress."

As she took her clothes off, Casandra said to Madison, "Strip and go to your knees."

Soon both women were naked, one with a strap-on and one on her knees. "Now Slave, take my cock in your month. Get it ready to fuck you."

Madison started to suck on the dildo and as she licked and sucked, Casandra said, "So Slave. It has been one week. You are doing very well pretending to be me. Very well indeed."

Madison paused sucking and said, "Thank you Mistress."

"And I love being you. This is going to work."

"Yes Mistress."

"And I enjoy your eating me each day. Very much. But we have been so busy; you haven't had an orgasm all week. Poor baby. I will correct that now."

Madison looked up at her Mistress and smiled. Just then the door of the apartment opened and Rachel was standing there. "What are you doing? Fucking each other?" And she went on, "And you have her pretending to be you? How could you?"

The two young women were still as stone at the outburst. And then Casandra gathered herself and said, "Go into our apartment Mother and wait for me. Go now."

The two woman stared at each other a minute. Then Rachel lowered her eyes, turned to go and said, "Yes dear."

But right then Casandra had another thought, "Wait Mom."

Rachel stopped. Casandra went on, "Go into your bedroom Mom. Take your clothes off and wait on the bed for me."

Rachel turned and started to speak but Casandra spoke again, "Now Mom. Obey me or you will be punished."

Again, the two women, Mother and Daughter, stared at each other. And once again it was the Mother who backed down. "Yes dear."

Rachel walked out the door. Later, much later, Rachel thought about why she allowed her daughter to boss her like that. She thought, "Maybe because I was so tired. Maybe because I was important at work and needed to obey."

After a few minutes, Casandra and Madison followed Rachel. Once inside, Casandra said to Madison, "Wait here for 3 minutes, and then come to Mom's bedroom." She went on, "You will eat my Mother's pussy. Bring her close then back off. Do not bring her to an orgasm until I tell you to."

"Yes Mistress."

Casandra walked to her Mother's room, looked inside and saw her Mother lying naked on her bed. Smiling, Casandra thought to herself, "Oh my god. She did it. She is mine now."

Casandra walked up to the bed and she said, "Dear Mother."

Rachel jumped a little at the voice.

Casandra smiled and continued, "Yes Mother, Madison is now my Slave. She has been since the day we all moved in. And yes, she is me at school and I am her at school. No one suspects us. She is fine with it and I am fine with it. So that is not an issue."

"But Casandra...''

"Quiet Mother. Let us talk about you." 

Casandra looked down on her Mother. Then said, "Look at you. Naked before me. You are now my Slave also."

"Casandra..."

"I said be quiet Mother."

Madison walked into the room and Casandra said, "Slave Madison is now going to eat your pussy Mother. Do not resist or you will be punished."

Rachel looked up at her daughter but stayed silent. Madison slowly walked over to Rachel, got between her legs and started to eat the woman's pussy. Doing what her Mistress said; she brought her close, then backed off. Only to start again.

While Madison was eating her Mother, Casandra said, "I will not interfere with your job. But here at home and outside of your job, you are my Slave. You will obey or be punished. You will call me Mistress Casandra. Understand Slave Mom?"

When she did not answer, Casandra said, "Do you want to cum Mom Slave? Madison can keep this up all day and night. Agree to be my Slave and you will be allowed to cum. Say it Mom Slave. Say it now."

Rachel struggled to get up but Casandra held her easily. Rachel was so hot now; so ready to come.

"Say it Slave Mom."

Finally, Rachel cried out, "You are my Mistress. Please let me cum. Please."

"You agree to be my Slave Mother?"

"Yes, I am your Slave."

"Madison, bring Slave Mom to an orgasm."

Madison did just that. "Cum for your Mistress Slave Mom. Cum now."

The orgasm that Rachel had was the biggest she had had in a long time. She laid there totally spent. Casandra then said, "Now Madison, get up and sit on Slave Mother's face. Let her bring you off now."

"What? I never..."

"Now you do Slave Mother."

Madison got up, positioned herself and Rachel was forced to eat out her pussy. Soon Madison was rewarded with her orgasm. Casandra had been recording all the action. Then she got on the bed and the three women, one Mistress and two Slaves spend the next hour having sex. Rachel never did make it to the office.

As the three lay together after the sex, Casandra asked, "By the way Slave Mom, why did you return so soon?"

"I forgot something," Rachel said smiling.

Casandra, Rachel and Madison all started to laugh. After a few moments, Casandra said, "Let us get cleaned up and go to dinner."

The two Slaves each said, "Yes Mistress."

As the three women showered together, Casandra thought to herself, "It worked. Now I have two Slaves."

Rachel thought to herself, "What have I done? This is wrong but it feels so good. I am so stressed out at work, maybe I need this."

Madison thought to herself, "Yes, another Slave. Mistress is very happy. So am I. Slave Mom is so hot."

After the shower, Mistress Casandra told Slave Mom, "From now on, I will decide what you will wear on your off time. Remember, always obey."

"Yes Mistress."

"Here put this on," Casandra said handing her Mother some short shorts and a crop top.

"Casandra, I can't..."

Casandra slapped Rachel's face hard and said, "I said obey. No questions."

Rubbing her face, Rachel said, "Yes Mistress. I'm sorry."

After the three women were dressed, in similar clothing, they drove to a restaurant for dinner. While at the restaurant they had a cute young man as their waiter by the name of Gary. When they were finished and Gary brought the check, Casandra said, "Gary. Sit down for a moment. Rachel wants to give you part of your tip now."

Confused, Gary sat down saying, "Only for a moment."

Casandra turned to Rachel, "Rachel, get under the table and give Gary a blow job and swallow."

Rachel looked at her Mistress for a second then nodded. Gary hadn't moved. She looked around, then got under the table, went to Gary and unzipped his fly. And she gave Gary a blow job. Soon he came in Rachel's mouth and she swallowed it all. She then zipped his pants and reappeared. Gary got up slowly and said with a smile, "Thank you ladies. Please come again."

And Casandra responded, "Yes, you will too."

The trio then went home and cuddled up on the sofa. So ended the weekend.