 Chapter Four: Complications

Over the next few weeks; Casandra, Rachel and Madison were all very happy and content. At home, Casandra was Mistress while Rachel and Madison were her Slaves. Each night the two Slaves serviced their Mistress and each Slave was allowed to cum. Sometimes Casandra would fuck her Slaves with a strap-on. At times her Slaves would use a dildo on her, never the strap-on. Sex is a great stress reliever.

At work, Rachel was still very busy and stressed. It was a high paying position but there was so much to it. Still, she enjoyed her job. She loved the challenge, she thrived really. But, it was so nice to come home and give herself completely to her daughter, her Mistress. Casandra was her life and each day was better than the last. Often, at night, Rachel would think to herself, "Life is good. My life is complete."

At school, Madison was doing very well pretending to be Casandra. She had always been a good student and now, with this second chance, was doing better than before. She had signed up for difficult courses but was doing great at them. All her teachers thought a great deal of her and her class mates liked her to. Each day, she met her Mistress and serviced her to multiple orgasms. 

Her Mistress had even let her go on a couple of dates. But with the strict orders not to fuck them or go very far at all. "You are me remember. I don't want a bad reputation," Mistress Casandra had told her. So the boys took her out for a nice dinner and later, in their cars, they did some heavy petting. Being used to men her age, Madison thought the high school boys were "cute." Each night she thanked "the stars for leading her to Casandra, her Mistress."

Casandra was having a great time. She enjoyed teaching; she really is good at it she found. The students respond well to her and the other teachers were treating her as one of them. During her free period each day, she went to the principal's office and had sex with her and her secretary. She was spanked, fucked, made to eat pussy; and she loved it. 

Each night she had her Slaves to take care of her, her daily sessions within the office and she met Slave Madison later in the day to get her own pussy eaten. She had told her mother recently about the sessions. Rachel was shocked at first but when Casandra said, "It is so hot. I love it." Then she smiled at her Mom Slave and said, "I love it." Casandra often thought to herself, "Life is grand."

It had been two months into the school year and Casandra was going to Ms. Flanders' office for her daily sex session. When she walked into the outer office, Sharon looked up and smiled, "Hello Madison, go right in."

As Casandra walked into Ms. Flanders' office she stopped and looked. There was another person in the room, a student by her uniform. Ms. Flanders saw her and said, "Come in dear. Right on time as always." She turned to the student and said, "She is such an eager beaver. Such a slut."

The student laughed and smiled.

"This is Jessica, a senior," Ms. Flanders said and she went on, "She is trying to be more assertive. I have suggested to her that she spank you, fuck you with a strap-on and that you eat her pussy."

Casandra was shocked by that. "But, she is a student."

"Yes she is. You don't mind, do you? I told her all about our sessions. She is very excited to use you."

Casandra was torn. Jessica was her age but thinks I am older. She is a student and I am a teacher.

Ms. Flanders said, "Jessica knows not to tell anyone about this, don't worry. Now, out of those clothes."

Casandra nodded and took her clothes off. She stood naked in front of her principal and a student. "Isn't she a vision? Just perfect," Ms. Flanders said to Jessica.

"Yes she is. Will she really do what I say?"

"Oh yes. Ask her."

Jessica turned to Casandra and said, "Madison, will you obey me?"

"Yes Jessica, I will."

"Turn around for me."

Casandra turned around in a circle. Then Jessica said, "Bend over, spread your legs and finger yourself."

Casandra did as ordered. This is so hot she thought to herself.

Ms. Flanders handed Jessica the paddle and Jessica said, "Madison, lean over the desk now."

Casandra did and Jessica used the paddle on her. A little tentatively at first but quickly got into it. After twenty strokes, the last 10 very hard, she stopped. Then Jessica reached out and rubbed the red ass and said, "You did well slut."

Jessica was very into the session now and now got naked. Ms. Flanders helped her into the strap-on and then said, "Ok slut now I am going to fuck you. Bend over across the desk."

Leaning farther down, completely exposed, Casandra was ready and so horny. Jessica stepped behind her and plunged into Casandra's pussy. Jessica pounded that pussy and Casandra soon came twice. Jessica stopped then said, "Now slut. On your knees."

Casandra went to her knees and Jessica stuck the dildo into her face and said, "Suck on it slut. Suck it good."

As Casandra suck on the dildo, Jessica said, "Slut, you do that very well." And she looked at Ms. Flanders and said, "Perhaps I will find a real cock for you to suck on."

Ms. Flanders smiled and said, "Oh yes, maybe more than one."

Jessica then took off the strap-on, laid down on the sofa and said, "Now slut. Crawl to me and eat my pussy."

Casandra crawl over and ate the eighteen year old pussy, and loved doing it. Jessica had several orgasms. And finally Ms. Flanders said, "Ok girls. Time for you to go. Get dressed and cleaned up. Madison, stay a moment."

After Jessica left and Casandra was dressed, Ms. Flanders said, "All that just happened was recorded. Just for my enjoyment. You did well Madison. You may go now."

"Thank you."

Later, she told Madison what happen. "Oh, I know her. She seems rather meek."

Casandra laughed and said, "Not anymore."

The weekly sessions continued but Jessica did not reappear. Nor did Casandra run into her at school. Not until 10 days later, Jessica walked into Casandra's classroom between classes and said, "Hello. Can we talk?"

"Sure."

"I enjoyed our session. Could we do it again? Just us?"

"I don't know about that. Are you sure?"

"Yes. Please."

"You know things are not always what they seem." Casandra thought a moment then said, "Perhaps. If you promise to keep whatever you see, experience or do a secret."

"Yes, I promise."

"Are you free this Saturday?"

"Yes."

"I would like you to see my home life. Give me your number. I will contact you."

"Ok Ms. Wilson."

"Call me Madison."

After Jessica left the room, Casandra thought to herself, "Such a cute girl, and such a Dom. I'll let her use my Slaves."

That evening, Casandra said to her Slaves, "I have a guest coming on Saturday. Her name is Jessica, she is a senior." She went on, "She was at last Monday's session and was allowed to use me."

Rachel gasped, "She used you? And you want to have her over?"

"Yes. She stopped by today and we talked. She asked if we could do it again. I decided to show her how I live."

Madison said, "So, we will stay in our "school roles?"

"Yes. But you will both still be my Slaves." She then looked at Rachel and said, "Ok Mom?"

"Yes Mistress."

Casandra arranged for Jessica to visit on Saturday. At the appointed time, 1 pm, Jessica walked up to the door and knocked. Casandra opened the door, "Hi Jessica."

"Hi Madison."

Casandra stepped out of Madison apartment, took Jessica by the hand and led her to her apartment saying, "Come with me."

The two young women walked inside and sat down. Casandra said, "So, Jessica, why are you here?"

"I want to have sex with you again."

"Remember, I said sometimes things are not what they seem."

"Yes, I remember."

"And you promised not to tell anyone what happens here or reveal who you see."

"Yes I promise."

Casandra said in a louder voice, "Ladies, please come here."

In walked Rachel and Madison, both naked. Jessica's eyes got big and she gasped. Casandra noticed and said, "This is Rachel and her daughter Casandra. I believe you know Casandra from school."

"Yes, I have seen her."

"They are both my Slaves."

"What?"

"Yes, here I am Mistress."

"Then why do you let Ms. Flanders do that to you? You must hate me for what I did to you."

Casandra laughed and said, "Because the sex is great. And no, I don't hate you. You were doing what she said. You did really get into it." All laughed and then she said, "I give you my Slaves to use if you want. They will obey you."

"They will?"

"Yes, ask them."

Rachel spoke up, "Miss Jessica, Mistress has ordered us to obey you. Command us."

Jessica looked down for a moment and then said, "Could I be your Slave today Madison. That is what I want."

"Are you sure? I thought you wanted to be a Dom."

"I thought I did but now, I want to be your slave."

"Very well. Slave Jessica, strip and get on your knees."

As Jessica took her clothes off, so did Casandra. Casandra spoke to Rachel who left the room and returned with the strap-on. Casandra put it on, walked over to Jessica and said, "Here Slave, suck this cock."

Jessica took the dildo in her mouth and started to suck on it. After a time, Casandra said to her, "Get up and bend over Slave."

When she was in position, Casandra fucked her with the dildo. When Jessica had cum, Casandra stopped and said to her Slaves, "She is all yours. Do with her what you want."

For the next 2 hours, Rachel and Madison used Jessica. Jessica was fucked by dildos and made to eat each of their pussies. Then Casandra took a paddle in her hand saying, "Slave Jessica, come here."

Jessica started to walk over but Casandra said, "No, crawl to me."

Jessica got down and crawled to Casandra, who said, "Stand up and bend over Slave."

Casandra then spanked Jessica, hitting her 30 times. Then Casandra sat down and said, "Slave, eat my pussy."

After Casandra had cum, she said to all, "Come with me to the bedroom."

All walked into the bedroom, each got on the bed and they had four way sex feast.

After 2 hours, they were all spent and after resting for a few moments. Jessica said, "Mistress, may I stay the night?"

"If your parents give you permission. Yes."

"Thank you. May I call my mother?"

"Yes."

Jessica left the room to get her phone and returned to the bedroom. She then called her mom, "Hi mom. Can I stay over tonight at Casandra's house? She is a friend from school."

"Yes dear. Have a good time."

Jessica then said to Casandra, "Thank you Mistress."

All four women then showered and ready to go to dinner. After, when they returned Casandra said to her three Slaves, "Slaves, get naked and give me a show in the bedroom."

The three Slaves all smiled, striped and all walked into the bedroom. The Slaves got onto the bed and gave their Mistress a great show. After an hour, Casandra stripped, put on the strap-on and then fucked each Slave. Then the Mistress paddled each Slave and soon all three had a bright red ass. Then the four women got into a daisy chain and got each other off.

After a wonderful night of sleep, the four women made love again in the morning. Then all showered and got ready for the day. The afternoon was spent at the pool. At 3pm, Jessica was ready to go home and Casandra said to her, "It was fun Jessica. You were a perfect slave."

"Thank you Mistress. Can I come back next Saturday?"

"Yes Slave Jessica, you can. But only if you agree to be my Slave, just like Rachel and Casandra."

"Oh Yes Mistress. Thank you."

"I will not interfere at school or at your home. But, if I give you an order by in person, phone or text, I expect you to obey."

"Yes Mistress Madison."

Casandra looked at the three women and said, "You are now Sister Slaves to me. Always treat each other like family."

Rachel came up to her daughter and said, "Mistress, we all will do our best to serve you. And thank you for accepting Slave Jessica."

Madison, "Yes Mistress. Thank you."

Casandra then looked at Jessica and said, "Ok Slave Jessica. See you tomorrow at school."

Casandra, Rachel and Madison all hugged Jessica and said goodbye.

The next week went by quickly with Rachel busy as usual at work, Madison being a good student and Casandra teaching her students. And the sessions with Ms. Flanders continued with Sharon participating on Tuesday and Thursday. And Jessica got permission to stay the weekend with her friend Casandra. 

The two Slaves of Casandra had become good friends now, their shared slavery being a bond. Although they did not have any classes together they did manage to see each other several times a day, just for a moment. Mistress Casandra still had a quick time with Slave Madison each day but did not include Slave Jessica yet. All four women did stay connect by text also.

Life was getting more complicated. As if Casandra pretending to be Madison the teacher and Madison pretending to be Casandra the student. And with Casandra made to serve Ms. Flanders every day. And with Casandra making her mother Rachel her Slave wasn't complicated enough. Now she had added a new Slave, Jessica. 

"Yes, life is getting complicated but, oh, so much fun," Casandra thought to herself on Friday driving home. "And keep it together still the end of the year?" she continued to think. "And then what?" she asked herself. "Everyone thinks I am Madison. Could I stay in the roll next year? The thing is I like teaching and I am good it."

And more thoughts, "And what about Madison? Could she, should she, continue to be me? Perhaps go to college as me? Is that fair?"

Casandra thought more, "And should we tell Jessica the truth? And when? How will she react?"

And more thoughts, "And should I continue to perform for Ms. Flanders. Could I stop without making an enemy of her? I don't know."

She thought a little longer then said to herself, "Enough. Things will work out. Time for the weekend."