 Chapter Five: Trials with the Principal

Jessica had brought some things with her and came home with Casandra and Madison. When Rachel came home from work the four went out to dinner. It was a celebration dinner of sorts, celebrating Jessica becoming a Slave.

When they returned home, Mistress Casandra said, "Slave Jessica, go into the bedroom and wait for me. Slave Rachel and Slave Madison, go into the 2nd bedroom and make love. We will gather together for breakfast."

All three Slaves said, "Yes Mistress." 

Once alone together, Casandra said, "Jessica, let us get naked and make love. Shall we? Not as Mistress and Slave but as lovers."

"Yes Mistress."

Each of the two sets of lovers had sex for a long time and then fell asleep in their lovers' arms. The next morning all were very happy. "Good morning," they said to each other. After a good breakfast, Casandra said, "Let's get dressed and go to Summerville and do some shopping."

The three Slaves all liked the idea. Soon all were ready. All were wearing short skirts, a halter top and all looked fantastic. They gathered in front of a mirror and Casandra said, "Look out, here we come. The best looking foursome ever."

Summerville was a 2 hour drive but it was a beautiful morning and all enjoyed the drive. Once in the city, they went to two large malls, shopped and had a marvelous time. They bought some nice clothes and some books. They had a nice lunch and a very good dinner. The four got home a 10 pm, still excited about the day. It was a day of four girlfriends sharing the day. Each one of the four had a great time.

When they had settled down, Casandra said, "All right, everyone into the bedroom. I am very horny and I want my pussy pounded."

The Slaves each laughed and ran to the bedroom. When Casandra entered the bedroom, she said, "Everyone get naked and on the bed. Let's get this show going."

First, the Slaves all performed on their Mistress. Rachel first licked and ate her pussy, then used a dildo on her while Madison and Jessica were fondling her tits and sucking on her nipples. Each would stop doing that and kiss Casandra hard. Soon, Casandra had had four orgasms and was spent.

She said, "Now, do each other."

The three Slaves now had sex with each other and soon all had had multiple orgasms. The four then got into a daisy chain and all came again. Then they all fell asleep. The next day was spent at the pool and Jessica left at 5pm.

Casandra said, "Jessica, you better go home now."

"I know Mistress but I love it here with you all so much."

"And we love to have you here but your mother will be worried. Call Casandra when you get home."

"All right, I will."

They all hugged and said goodbye.

The daily session with Ms. Flanders, and Sharon at times, normally involved Casandra getting spanked, fucked with a strap-on and eating pussy. Sometimes there was a twist, as when Jessica was involved, which had not been repeated.

On this Monday, when Casandra walked into the office she found a stranger was with Ms. Flanders. Casandra thought, "Okay, now what I wonder."

"Hello dear, right on time as always," Ms. Flanders said with a laugh. She spoke again, "This is Mrs. Bogert. I have told her about you and she wants to see. You don't mind do you?"

"There it is again, that question," Casandra thought to herself. But she said, "Not at all."

"Wonderful. Now strip and sit."

Casandra took off her clothes and sat down on the sofa. Mrs. Bogert said, "You were right. She is stunning."

"Yes she is," agreed Ms. Flanders. She then turned to Casandra and said, "Now Madison, play with yourself. Make yourself cum. Mrs. Bogert wants to watch."

Casandra looked at her for a moment, and then began. She fingered her cunt and fondled her tits. As she performed for the two women, she got hotter and hotter and after a short time, Casandra had a came. She opened her eyes to see the two had moved to stand right in front of her and Mrs. Bogert was holding a cell phone. She had recorded it all.

Mrs. Bogert noticed and said, "Don't worry dear. This is just for me."

She then sat down next to Casandra and said, "Now slut, on your knees and eat my pussy."

Casandra got in position and ate the old lady to two orgasms. Then Mrs. Bogert said, "Oh, you are good. Very good. Now stand up and bend over the desk."

Casandra got into position and then Mrs. Bogert paddled her ass. After 30 hard swats, Mrs. Bogert rubbed Casandra's ass and said, "Yes, she is wonderful." She then turned to Ms. Flanders and said, "I'll be in touch."

And she then left. Ms. Flanders said to Casandra, "You did very well dear. You know I decide soon if the new teachers stay at this school. Keep up the good work. Now get dressed and get back to your students." She then added, "Mrs. Bogert is a very rich widow and is very powerful. She can do a lot for both of us. Let us keep her happy."

Casandra just smiled and nodded, got dressed and left. The rest of the week sessions were just with Ms. Flanders. Each night Casandra spent with her Slaves. On the following Monday when Casandra walked into the office, Sharon stopped her and said, "Here, Ms. Flanders wants you to put this on." 

She handed Casandra a facemask. Casandra put on the facemask and then Sharon said, "And she said do not speak. Not one word. Just do as you are told."

Casandra replied, "Okay."

Sharon led her to the inner office door, opened it and pushed Casandra inside. As she walked in, Ms. Flanders said as she grabbed an arm and led here inside, "Come dear." After a couple of steps, she said, "Now take your clothes off and then kneel down on your knees."

Casandra did as she was told. When she was naked and on her knees Ms. Flanders said, "I have four men here. They are also blindfolded. No one will know who the other is. I will lead each man to the you and you will suck your cocks. You will shallow or he can pull out and spray your face. We will start now."

Ms. Flanders led each man; each was a student, to the kneeling teacher and put his cock in her mouth. Two came in her mouth and she swallowed and two pulled out and came on her face. And Ms. Flanders got it all on video. After the last man had come, Ms. Flanders led them out of her office. Sharon then took them to the door and led them down the hall.

Ms. Flanders came back inside and looked at Madison. She then said, "You should see yourself slut. You are such a slut." 

She sat down and reached out and pulled Casandra close, pulled the blindfold off of her and said, "Now, do me. Eat my pussy."

When she had cum, Ms. Flanders said, "Now clean up and get out you little slut."

As she was walking back to her classroom, Casandra thought to herself, "Wow, so hot."

Three weeks later, the same thing happened but this time it was pussy. Casandra was made to eat eight women, bringing each to an orgasm. And again, Ms. Flanders got it all on video. Otherwise, time went on. Several weeks later, Mrs. Bogert returned. Ms. Flanders showed her all her videos that involved Madison.

Mrs. Bogert, after seeing all, said, "I want her. Bring her here."

Looking at a clock, Ms. Flanders said, "She should be here for our daily session in a few moments."

"Good."

When Casandra walked in Ms. Flanders said, "You remember Mrs. Bogert don't you Madison?"

"Oh yes."

"So, get undressed for her slut."

Casandra was soon nude. Mrs. Bogert looked her over, then turned to Ms. Flanders and said, "I will be in touch. I will make it worth your trouble if you get me what I want."

"Yes Mrs. Bogert. I will."

After Mrs. Bogert left, Ms. Flanders said, "You have made quite the impression on Mrs. Bogert. You may leave now."

Casandra looked at her and said, "No sex today? Why?"

"Just go."

Puzzled, Casandra got dressed and left the office. "Oh well," she thought, "I will get some loving to night."

Back in her office, Ms. Flanders was thinking. "Things do not add up. Jessica and this new student Casandra Wilson are friends. Why? They don't have any classes together. Something is not right. I better bring them in and talk to them tomorrow."