 "Damn, girl, you've got a sexy pair of boobs!" Kim Hopkins said to her co-worker, Kenna Scott for, like, the 1,000 time. 

Kenna flushed, glanced down at her well-filled blouse and just started to answer when a customer came in, interrupting Kenna and Kimmy's almost daily mutual admiration society meeting. The two women both worked for the Tammy Rogers Real Estate Brokerage.

"Good morning!" Kenna said, brightly, eyes gleaming at what she was looking at, standing before her. "Welcome to Rogers Real Estate. How may we help you?"

The customer was a well-contoured lady of about forty, and her smile at viewing young Kenna, were a very quick indication of at least one kind of help the woman would clearly not turn down. Wearing very snug pants and a showy, very tight, bright-colored blouse, several flashing rings on her fingers, a certain air of confidence and well-being the woman exuded, gave Kim Hopkins, used to sizing up potential clients, important revealing clues . . . 

'A rich widow,' she bet herself, 'either buying or selling. Who cares which?' Kim also took full notice of the gleam in the woman's deep brown eyes as she took in the jutting upthrust of Jodi's youthful front. That same glorious sight that greeted every visitor/potential client to Rogers! A wonderful first impression, along with Kenna's dazzling smile, for anyone, male or female alike, who happened to wander through the door.

All males coming into the real estate office, mesmerized by her dazzling smile, her stand-out body, always well-displayed and her winning personality, all adding up to the total viewing pleasure that was Tammy Rogers Real Estate's receptionist, would have been disappointed to know they had no chance, none, with the gorgeous receptionist. Which, of course, they had no way of knowing, at first, and certainly didn't stop them from trying, even once they did. 

Only 19, this was saucy-looking Kenna's first job and her boss, the multi-talented Tammy Rogers, had seduced her skilfully, and expertly took her cherry with a bang, on the plush couch in Tammy's office, not very long into Kenna's initial interview. So intense had been the pleasures experienced, for the first time, by Kenna Scott, as her new boss worked her over on the couch, the fumblings of her high-school boy-friends had faded from her mind, rejected outright, and, with shivery glee she'd embraced the lifestyle represented by her new boss and new role-model, the gorgeous Tammy Rogers. Kenna'd never felt as comfortable, when with a boy; as content as she felt in her new boss' warm embraces. Her enjoyment of which became almost daily occurences. Quite a perk to her job!

(And quite a perk for the woman paying her salary, who already reaped a substantial dividend just by having Kenna greeting potential clients!) 

So complete was young Kenna's acceptance of the lifestyle her new boss had indoctrinated her into, male customers of Rogers were a no-no for the sexy receptionist. Conversely, though, sexy-looking female clients, like the stacked beauty before her now, were right on Kenna's radar and with a wink of an eye, a snap of her fingers or a lick of her luscious lips, Kenna would have dropped the laundry for the older stunner, right then and there.

But not today. Only because Kim Hopkins happened to be standing right there. 

"I'll take it from here, Kenna," Kim Hopkins murmured. 

As the receptionist, Kenna did not get involved in actual selling or securing of clients. A lush, sensual redhead, just nineteen years old, she was delightful office decoration. Keeping visitors to the office pleasantly occupied while they waited for the availability of Tammy herself, or delectable Kim Hopkins, sales-manager, or any of the other hand-picked, hand-bedded, all-female staff of sales-women. That was her main job. And she knew computers. Bonus!

Kenna was not resentful. She understood her function and importance in Tammy's set-up and locked-door visits in Tammy's office rewarded her for that every day. Her sultry good looks and amazing chest were also getting her bedded by more than her share of hot women customers, who'd make dates with her for when she was off work, now that Tammy had clued her in to her true nature. Besides, she and Kimmy and Tammy were all quite willing to share. If one scored, often, they all did. Sometimes together!

"I'm Kim Hopkins, madam!" Kenna's co-worker gushed. "Sales manager. Very pleased to make your acquaintance. How may I be of help?" 

The svelte newcomer looked her slowly, deliberately, up and down and Tammy Rogers' top saleswoman felt a sweet tingle in the clit. An experienced Kimmy could easily see by the looks she and Kenna were receiving, that this woman obviously knew her way around a pussy! She was statuesque, with the bearing of an experienced model or showgirl. Her dark hair was beautifully coiffed and her mouth had a certain pout which Kim liked a lot! Oooohhh! Kimmy was already shivering, hoping that she'd be allowed to taste the glittering lip-gloss with which this beautiful woman had decorated her full, lush lips.

'By the panty-warming looks I'm getting, she's definitely interested,' Kim thought. 'Which means I'm half-way to a sale already.' Kim had a definite talent for translating bedroom interest from women into bottom-line dollars and cents. 'And I'll bet my bottom dollar that she's damn good in the sack! I've turned a trick or two to make a good sale, and this pussy will be a real pleasure in bed, I'm sure.' 

"Oh, I'm sure you can, honey," the woman murmured, giving Kim a high-wattage look and a dazzling smile. "Help me, that is. I have a rather large property to sell. Now, may we talk in your office?" She gave Kenna another once over, her eyes gleaming. "This reception area is nice and comfy but some of the decorations are just a little distracting."

Kim Hopkins chuckled, knowing full-well to which office decoration she was referring. 

"Oh, of course," she said, smoothly, leading the newcomer through a door that had stenciled on the glass - KIMBERLEY HOPKINS. And underneath in fancy script, only slightly smaller, Sales Manager.

The woman entered behind Kim, admiring the swing of her sweet ass, sat her own well-shaped bottom in a customer chair in front of Kim's desk, crossed her long, shapely legs and leaned back comfortably.

"I'm Renita Eadie," she murmured.

Kim felt another hot jolt, this one connected to money. She'd thought she'd recognized this woman from the papers. This was money, all right. Big money!

It had been in the financial sections of the local dailies, Trevor Eadie, retired oilman, had died the previous month, leaving his widow very well-heeled indeed.

"Mrs. Eadie, I'm very flattered that you have come to our agency," Kim said with the very right, proper enunciation. "Naturally, we were sorry to hear of your husband's death."

Renita Eadie shrugged. "That's history. I'm a practical person. My attorneys, all leeches, all disposed of now that they don't have my late husband's protection, handled most of the estate matters, and I told them before discharging them, that I would pick an agent to dispose of what was left. Any real estate I'm no longer interested in keeping. I like it when women form successful businesses, and though I'm not a screeching feminist, I'm all in for gals like you and Tammy Rogers, smart, successful, sexy women."

She leaned forward and her blouse, gaping as she leaned, due to several undone top buttons, showed the deep cleft between her jutting breasts. Kimmy Hopkins' face was drawn, like a magnet, to the sweet cleavage. With steel discipline, Kim held herself back from burying her head in the inviting softness. Even though she knew with certainty that Renita Eadie would not have minded.

"And sweet, young agents like you bring out the best in me." Renita continued. "Do you understand me, Miss Kim Hopkins?"

"Call me Kimmy," the saleswoman cooed smoothly back. "I certainly do, Mrs. Eadie! I'm following right along!" 

Kim chuckled, thinking, 'I'll make it with her, big fee or not! She's got it, and she knows it! It had always been Kim's pleasant experience that any pussy that had it as much as Renita Eadie had it and full-well knew it, always knew just how to use it!

"Sure, Kimmy and you must call me by my first name, too. That's Renita, honey, remember?" Mrs. Hooper smiled. "Since I believe we'll be working closely together, as I don't think I need to look any further for a broker, first names are certainly in line. You seem to have all the qualities I'm looking for! Tell me, sexy, are you primed and ready?" 

She winked and giggled. Mrs. Renita Eadie was leaving absolutely no doubt what Kim's next move should be!

"I'm ready whenever you are, Renita!" Kim said, shivering with anticipation.

But before Kim could come to her feet, Renita Eadie was the one to make the move. The move she'd fully planned on making ever since walking into Rogers Real Estate and being greeted with the alluring duo of Kim and Kenna - the Special K girls, as she was starting to think of them - in the reception area. The only question had been, in Renita's horny mind, was which one? But, for now, having settled on Kimmy, Renita was satisfied with her choice. Not that this meant she had no further interest in the sweet red-head, Kenna. Renita fully planned on scoring that sexy teen some time, hopefully not too far in the future. And what about this Tammy Rogers she'd heard so much about? Before her association with Rogers Real Estate concluded, Renita fully planned on sampling the charms of the elegant head of this real estate business. Word of mouth was that she really knew how to heat up the sheets with the right woman!

Renita grinned, reflecting her drive to this business turned out to be all she'd hoped for, stood from the chair and posed for a moment, taking stock of the full impact she was having on Kimmy Hopkins. Then, smiling confidently, she wiggled her sweet ass around the desk, stood behind the grinning real estate agent and placed her warm hands on Kim's shoulders, kneading gently.

When the real-estate saleswoman gave a low moan, Renita knowing she had just received the full-steam-ahead signal, slid her hands smoothly down from Kim's shoulders. Her hot hands met absolutely no resistance when they moved to undo a couple of buttons and boldly slide inside her blouse. Renita chuckled! Kim seldom wore bras. Her youthful, superb, high pointed pair did not really require one, although Kimmy sometimes, on a seduction mission, loved to cuddle her assets in a sexy, lacy bra, knowing full-well how sexy undies on a hot, young chick, such as herself, turned some older woman on. The feel of this particular older woman's warm fingers cuddling her bare boobs sent stings of excitement all the way to Kimmy's cunt.

"Ohhh, you're packing a nice pair, honey!" Renita murmured, enjoying what she was feeling, bending and moving Kim's hair to bestow kisses to the nape of her long, sleek neck. Her fingers toyed adroitly with, though she hadn't seen them yet, what the rich widow was certain were a glorious pair of stiffening nipples. Her mouth began to water.

"And they just love to be played with, Renita!" Kimmy giggled, arching her tits out farther, more firmly into Renita's experienced hands.

"Especially by a hot woman, such as yourself, who obviously knows how! Baby! Why don't you bring my titties out where you can really play with them? We won't be bothered. Kenna wouldn't let anyone past her station when she knows I have a client in with me!"

Renita chuckled, almost drooling, as she lifted Kim's dark-peaked charms out of hiding and exposed them to her hot gaze. 

"Hot-damn!" she breathed. "I know I probably shouldn't here, but let me enjoy them just a while longer, honey! You've really got 'em!" 

"A real tittie connoisseur, huh?" Kim purred, weaving her shoulders to make her titties jiggle pleasantly, enjoying the bouncing and kneading Renita Eadie was lavishing on her boobs, "Looks like you got 'em now, Renita! But what say, even though it is safe in my office here, why don't we go to your place or mine, where we can get a little more comfortable and have some real fun? Sort of consummate our business relationship with some pleasure, before I start to work for you! Seal it with a kiss, you might say!"

"You sweet fox!" Renita whispered, giving Kim's boobs another squeeze before releasing them and letting her pack her pair away, back in her blouse. "Let's hit my place! And have our first sweet kiss in more private surroundings! You need to look it over, anyway, in order to sell it. Don't you, my dear?" 

Kimmy put her blouse back in order and she and Renita went back to reception where they informed a very envious Kenna where they were off to. Kim followed the rich widow in her Lexus, keeping Renita's big Caddy in view without tailgating. Her cunt was juicy, throbbing, her nipples tingling, and she had to admit that sex was on her mind more than business.

Anticipating a hot afternoon, Kim had a hard time concentrating on her driving. 'Oh, I'll just bet she knows how to make cunt cum really goooood,' she thought, dropping her right hand down and sliding it beneath the hem of her modest skirt. She gripped her pantyhosed crotch and shivered. Damn! She hunched a few times, feeling the airy lift of a neat sex high.

Kimmy'd been though the local university, majoring in business, and she had landed the job with Tammy Rogers after the first interview. An interview that had ended with a hot girlie-session on the couch in Tammy's office! She had her own pad northward, with a view of the Pacific. It was really a romantic setting. A strip of beach below her condo offered constant entertainment. For fabulous, viewing pleasure of bikinied young girls. When Kim couldn't coax any upstairs with her, she could at least sit on her balcony and twiddle her hot twat to a glorious cum just watching the girls parade their goodies all up and down the beach.

At twenty-five, she was successful, independent, and bedded her share of the cunt populating the beach. Plus her boss, and a substantial portion of the females for whom she bought and sold real-estate.

Renita drove farther up in the hills, and finally swung around into a circular driveway, beside which stood at least ten million dollars worth of real estate. The big Spanish-styled house was beautifully landscaped, and the view was fantastic, of course. 

Parked behind her, following Renita's swinging ass, at the front door, Kim was not surprised when they were met by a cute Hispanic maid dressed in a very short skirt and very low-cut top. Two big melon-sized tits were trying to burst out of the decolletage.

"Oh, Kimmy, meet Maria," Renita said smoothly. "Maria, welcome Kim. As you can tell by her uniform, she does some maid duties around here but you also might tell from the way she packs her uniform, she also loves pussy parties, don't you, honey?" 

"Right on!" Maria gurgled, undulating her sweet, rounded ass. Her dark eyes ran swiftly up and down Kimi's bod. Her tongue flicked between her pearly white teeth. 

Kim felt a rush of lust that shook her. Maria was built for one thing, sex, and it oozed from her in buckets. A delicate pussy aroma touched Kim's nostrils. Oh! What an afternoon this promised to be!

"Come in, come in!" Renita said breezily, patting Kim on the ass. "Let's hit the rec room and relax!" 

With shivery anticipation, horny Kim followed her hostess into a rear area, then through an archway to the most elaborate rec area she had ever seen. An indoor swimming pool, hot tubs, exercise machines, and on the left side a dazzling bar setup with a dance area, video screen and related paraphernalia.

Maria, easily sizing up the situation, as she had so many times before when her employer returned home with a sexy-looking chick, didn't waste any time. She squirmed out of her uniform and paraded behind the bar in just lacy bikini panties, her thrusting tits with wide black aureola swaying and jiggling. 

Renita giggled and, wasting no time either, was soon like her maid, down to the basics, clad only in mini panties. Both wore high heels and looked spectacularly leggy.

Never one to be left out of a sexy situation, a horny Kim quickly shed most of her clothes, too. Renita and Maria watched her every move staring greedily. All pussies, by this time, were leaking copiously.

"Oh, baby, you're a real cutie!" Renita smiled, sliding close and passing a hand across Kimmy's butt. Sexily she arched her ass toward the fingers, wiggled downwards to fit her rump more firmly into Renita's more-than-capable hands.

"My tongue's getting itchy!" Maria giggled, enjoying her view of her boss fondling Kimmy's prime rump. 

"And my clittie's stiff!" Renita murmured. "But let's have a drink first, huh? I presume you have the rest of the day off, Kim Hopkins."

"I'm my own boss, mostly," Kim chuckled. "And besides, the customer is always right!" She laughed again. "I ask you, what kind of a broker would I be if I disappointed a customer? I work hard for my clients! Just being here, eyeing up your property, viewing your assets, technically constitutes work, anyway!"

Renita chuckled. "Honey, the only assets I see you appraising, so far, are me and my maid and the only work I see being accomplished the rest of the day is the workout your pussy is gonna get!" 

"Promises, promises," Kim grinned, weaving to make her titties swing alluringly for the horny widow and her hot maid. "I'm on fire just thinking about it!"

Renita steered Kim toward the bar where Maria had drinks waiting. The charming hostess then pushed a button beneath the lip of the bar and a pretty young blonde soon came in sight from somewhere else in the sexy widow's mansion. 

The young-looking girl was wearing a brief bra and a short apron that covered her cunt. Barely. She also had on very high black heels. Her silky blonde hair hung all the was down her back to her luscious looking ass. A very interested Kim guessed she was approximately the same age as herself.

"Kimmy, meet Tanya, another one of my maids," Renita said. "She's new here, I'm just sort of trying her out for the job." 

"Oh, pleased! I'm sure," the sexy, young Tanya giggled, staring at Kim, her eyes gleaming. "I went to bartender's school and everything! But I'm sure enjoying the on-the-job training here!"

"Well, that school of yours taught you how to mix a mean martini, all right, but you really didn't learn much about how to suck and fuck a pussy, honey," Renita laughed. "And that's the main job of any maid I hire! Cleaning and bartending skills are only a bonus around here, sweets!"

Tanya blushed. "Don't I know it! But I do the best I can, boss, whenever called upon. I know I haven't been here long, but you should know that by now!"

"Oh, sure, you've been doing just fine, so far, Tanya-girl. I hope your cunt is ready for action today, though," Renita said, brightly. "We have a special guest pussy, as you can see. Isn't she sexy?"

Blonde Tanya blushed again, and looked at Kim. "Oh, she sure is, Renita! What do you want to drink, girl?"

Kim chuckled. It looked like there would be enough pussy-juice around soon so that no hot woman would ever need anything else to drink!

She took a bar stool between Maria and Renita. The drinks Maria had mixed, having by now been consumed, Tanya showed off one of her skills and mixed more cocktails with deftness, her sweet, high tits jiggling as she shook the silvery cocktail shaker.

Renita's right hand soon dropped down on Kim's naked crotch and played around. Shivering, Kim reached out with her left hand, cuddling Renita's nearest breast, who trembled, arching her boobs forward, and suddenly, she could wait no longer. Taking a handful of Kim's silky hair, she eased her close and soon her mouth was clamped to Kim's oh-so-kissable lips.
