 (c) Ally Literally 2011

The protagonists in this story are Krystina who is very much into subservience, Tina who has made Krystina her pet and Lana who dommes Krystina at every opportunity. Lana in turn is a sub to someone else. I mention this here because that person's name appears in passing in the conversation, but has no other relevance to this story.

Tina and Krystina were talking one day, and Krystina happened to mention that she had told Lana about Tina and her different ways of dominating, eschewing the use of paraphernalia and "obey me now or else" type of commands, preferring instead to simply express a wish or a desire for the sub to do something.

Lana did not believe a true domme could behave like that, cast aspersions on Tina's motives and abilities, and challenged Krystina that she would have Tina at her feet in no time, begging for crumbs from Lana's table.

This conversation took place at Krystina's apartment, where Lana dropped in while Krystina and Tina were chatting online. A relevant point to bear in mind is that while Lana and Krystina have a real relationship, all Tina's connections are online only.

This conversation really happened. Names have been changed etc. etc. 

+++++

Tina: I am back 

Krystina: Welcome back 

Krystina: I told Lana I am talking to you 

Krystina: She says hi 

Tina: Hi Lana 

Tina: Nice to finally meet you 

Tina: How are you? 

Krystina: Ok here, I am going to let her type 

Tina: Ok 

Lana: hello Tina 

Lana: Nice to meet you too 

Lana: Krystina told me so much about you 

Tina: How come you typed my name with a capital T? 

Lana: Isn't that a way you start a sentence? 

Tina: Lol yes, but you said "hello Tina" 

Tina: So it wasn't at the beginning of a sentence 

Tina: That tells me a little about you 

Lana: Ok ....Hello Tina 

Lana: What does that mean? 

Tina: We'll get to that in a bit. you been looking after my Krystina nicely? 

Lana: Oh yes very nicely 

Lana: She met my Mistress Ann 

Tina: Good, she is my pet, and I like people being nice to her 

Tina: Are you an actress Lana? 

Lana: Your pet? 

Lana: I don't think so she is mine 

Tina: Are you going to tell me if you are an actress, Lana? 

Lana: An actress, no I am not. Why? 

Tina: I think you are. or you act very convincingly in front of Krystina 

Lana: And what does that mean? 

Lana: Krystina loves me and does as I tell her 

Tina: You pretend to be a domme with Krystina, but your heart is not in it 

Tina: You only do it because you think she likes it 

Lana: Yes I am! 

Tina:  Already in talking this little with you, you gave me enough clues to reach that conclusion 

Lana: What? How? 

Tina: Wow, righteous indignation, another clue 

Lana: I just met you 

Tina: How do you dominate her? 

Tina: You make her do things, by telling her, forcing her 

Tina: A true domme doesn't do it like that 

Tina: That's just an act 

Lana: No no its not 

Tina: You don't know how to be a domme, so you do it the way you've seen it in porn films or read in books 

Lana: Tina that's not the case 

Tina: Methinks the lady doth protest too much 

Lana: What? 

Tina: You forced her to grow her hair 

Tina: She rebelled and shaved it off 

Lana: I don't umm protest to you what 

Tina: You forced her again 

Lana: She loves it 

Lana: She loves the attention 

Tina: Then why did she rebel? 

Tina: I'll tell you why 

Tina: She told me she was growing her hair, and I just hinted that I did not like it. I did not tell her to shave, but a true domme indicates 

Tina: That's why she shaved it, for me 

Lana: Omg! 

Tina: If I simply indicate to her again, I bet you anything you like she will jump into the bathroom and shave it all off again, right now 

Tina: No force, no compulsion, just a hint of what would please me. 

Tina: Ask her 

Lana: No don't please 

Tina: So, the domme is begging a stranger? 

Lana: No I am not well idk 

Tina: Ohhh, Krystina, Lana needs a hug 

Lana: You're making me confused 

Tina: I am doing nothing except talking with you 

Tina: Is Krystina there? Can she see this? 

Lana: She is here and no she can't 

Tina: Let her see, or at least tell her I said "Lana needs a hug". That's all, don't say any more, see if she hugs you 

Lana: Alright 

Lana: Yes she did 

Tina: Any force required? was there any command in my voice? or just a hint? 

Lana: Just a hint 

Lana: Look let me tell you something I am a strong 6ft tall woman that works out 

Tina: So, brute force. that is what you use to pretend to Krystina you are strong 

Lana: No 

Lana: No not at all 

Lana: I don't know what I do I just do it 

Tina: A true domme never uses force 

Tina: You use it to disguise the fact that you are not a domme, but have to pretend for Krystina 

Lana: No Tina no 

Tina: Lana, if I asked you, would you kiss me and hug me? without crushing me? 

Lana: Umm I guess 

Lana: Idk 

Lana: Yes I suppose 

Tina: I would appreciate a kiss and a hug from you 

Lana: If you're serious I will 

Tina: I am serious, I never joke about kissing pretty girls 

Lana: Wraps my muscular arms around you kisses you with passion 

Tina: Mmm, not bad 

Tina: Lana, may I kiss you? 

Lana: Yes, please 

Tina: Reaching out for your hands, taking them in mine 

Tina: Gently pulling you into my arms 

Tina: Putting your arms around my back 

Tina: Holding your face in both hands, cupping your cheeks 

Tina: Looking deep in to your eyes as I approach you slooowly 

Tina: Caressing your cheeks with my thumb 

Tina: Getting closer to your lips 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: Feeling your warm breath mingling with mine 

Tina: Breathing your scent 

Lana: Yes I feel 

Tina: A warm womanly earthy smell 

Lana: Yes yes 

Tina: Looking deep into your eyes 

Tina: My tongue snakes out 

Tina: Draws the outline of your lips 

Lana: Oh Tina 

Tina: I feel your breath getting warmer, 

Tina: Panting a little 

Tina: I feel you take a deep breath to try to control yourself 

Lana: Breathing faster 

Tina: I come closer to your lips 

Tina: Take your bottom lip in mine 

Tina: Suck it gently as my tongue caresses the inside of your bottom lip 

Tina: Lick your lips for me, wet them 

Lana: Oh Tina yes 

Tina: I want to taste your warm liquid 

Lana: Yes 

Lana: I am soo wet 

Tina: And slowly, releasing your lip, I let my lips meet yours 

Lana: Yes Tina 

Tina: Gently pursing against each other 

Tina: I feel you wanting to press your lips into mine, hard 

Lana: Yes I do yes 

Tina: I push them back with my tongue 

Tina: And lick the inside of your cheeks 

Tina: The roof of your mouth 

Tina: Circling my tongue in your mouth 

Lana: Ohh God 

Tina: Our lips glued together 

Tina: You try to suck my tongue 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: My tongue battles with yours 

Tina: Dodging yours 

Tina: I pull my tongue back into my mouth 

Lana: Oh Tinaaaaa 

Tina: Yours follows 

Lana: Please 

Tina: And I suck it gently 

Tina: Licking the underside of your tongue 

Tina: Until finally, you pull away with a deep deep breath 

Tina: That is how a domme kisses her sub 

Lana: Omg Tina yes 

Tina: Are you wet? 

Lana: Soaked 

Tina: Ask Krystina from me to check if you are really soaked 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: If you are, I would like her to take your juices and feed them to you 

Lana: Yes she is feeling ooo 

Lana: My hair is soaked 

Lana: Ohhh 

Tina: Tell me when she is feeding you 

Tina: Please lick it all off, make it clean 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: Would you like me to make you cum? 

Lana: Sucking her fingers 

Tina: Like your taste? 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: Ask Krystina. I would like her to reveal your breasts, and anoint the nipples with your juices 

Tina: Tell me what she is doing as she does it 

Lana: Yes Tina 

Tina: Remember I am not commanding either of you 

Tina: You can walk away any time you like 

Lana: Yes baby 

Tina: Do you want to walk away Lana? 

Lana: No 

Tina: I don't think you were paying attention, but you were too far gone so I'll forgive you 

Lana: Ooo Krystina Tinaaa ohh 

Tina: Lol still not paying attention 

Tina: What is she doing? 

Lana: She is on my nipples my bikini top is off 

Tina: It would really please me to see you suck your pussy juice off your nipples 

Lana: Yes baby 

Lana: Licking my nipple 

Tina: Is it stiff? Achingly stiff? 

Lana: Yes baby 

Tina: You may pinch them if you like, or you may request Krystina to pinch them for you 

Lana: Ohh yes thank you 

Tina: Which? 

Tina: Yourself, or Krystina? 

Lana: Krystina 

Tina: How did you request her? 

Lana: She is pinching both 

Tina: Tell me your words you used? 

Lana: Please pinch my nipples Krystina please 

Tina: Now, while she is doing that, may I have your attention which appears to have been lost somewhere? 

Lana: Yes Tina 

Tina: What did I say just after our kiss ended? My kiss to you, not yours to me 

Tina: Don't scroll up to look, try to remember 

Lana: Umm make me cum? 

Tina: Lol no 

Tina: I said 

Tina: "That is how a domme kisses her sub"

Lana: Yes it is 

Tina: Have you ever kissed Krystina like that? 

Lana: Kind of 

Lana: How did you do this to me 

Tina: Kind of? has Krystina ever been on the verge of cumming just from your kiss? 

Lana: No I guess not 

Tina: You were nearly cumming from my kiss five minutes after we met 

Lana: Yes you're right 

Tina: If I had told you then to get on the floor and kiss my feet, you would have? 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: I could have wriggled my big toe in your pussy and you would have spread yourself wide, held your pussy open for me 

Lana: Yes 

Lana: Thank you 

Tina: Only when you get in the mind of your sub can you really domme her 

Tina: Would you listen to a suggestion from me? 

Lana: Yes of course 

Tina: Tonight, you are already feeling sub to me, aren't you? 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: And this is not your wet pussy talking, is it? 

Lana: No it isn't 

Tina: You feel this in your heart, your mind? 

Lana: Yes I do 

Tina: May I suggest you let your newfound subordination take wings tonight 

Tina: And let Krystina practice her fledgling domination 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: Together, both of you can experiment 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: And if she goes wrong, you have your domme experience to guide her 

Tina: And if you go wrong, she will guide you 

Tina: This way, both of you learn something new, and will be closer to each other 

Lana: Yes thank you 

Tina: Do you have your own id? 

Lana: No I don't 

Lana: I never did this I did facebook 

Tina: If you feel like getting one, and joining my group of girls, you may add me. Krystina will show you how if you request her (nicely, remember you're sub today and any other time you want) 

Tina: One last thing? 

Tina: Well two actually 

Lana: Ok 

Tina: I never use pain to dominate. I use it in games, but never as a threat, "do this my way or I will punish you." That is not a true domme 

Tina: If you don't like your ass whipped and I whip it, that's brute force 

Lana: Yes Tina 

Tina: If you don't like your ass fucked and I fuck it, that's rape 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: I only use pain in games, to a limit. 

Lana: Ok 

Tina: I hope you have understood what I am trying to say 

Lana: Yes I do 

Lana: You're amazing 

Tina: The other thing. ask Krystina to come and read this bit, it's for both of you 

Lana: Yes Tina 

Tina: Is she there, can she see? 

Lana: Yes 

Tina: Tonight, Krystina, Lana wants to try to be the sub, and you to be the dom. Remember how you tried to domme me before? Please be just as gentle, show Lana how I do things. and if she goes wrong in the way she responds, correct her. 

Tina: And same for you Lana, if Krystina goes wrong in how to domme, correct her. 

Tina: Finally, before I leave you to a good day together, 

Lana: Thank you baby 

Tina: Today, you are breaking old bonds and establishing new ones. Don't drift back to your old ways. from now on, please ask each other what the mood is. If one wants to sub and the other wants to domme, fine. 

Lana: Ok Tina thank you 

Tina: If both want to sub or domme, lol, neither happens, and you can be equals in bed and out 

Tina: Are my little girls happy? 

Lana: Yes very 

Tina: Aroused? 

Lana: Yes 

Lana: Soaked 

Lana: Dripping 

Tina: Good 

Tina: Very good. Remember, a domme cannot be a domme unless the sub allows her to dominate. The subbie has the power to decide if she will let the domme take charge. When you are subbing, keep in mind that it is you that is in charge, and can walk away anytime, and when you are domming, you should get down on your knees at least once a day and kiss your subbie's ass for giving you the power to domme her. 

Have a good time, you two. Bye

+++++