 I'm bent over the table, legs spread wide. I grip the edges, the glass biting into my palms, my knuckles white with effort. She kicks my legs further apart, admonishing me for my perceived lack of effort.

Grunting, I spread my legs even further. Pleasure bordering on pain shoots up my thighs and straight to my clit. The insides of my thighs feel like they are on fire and I am stretched to the limit.

My efforts earn me a short grunt and a spank on my naked sex.

Clit twitching I need to come so badly. She has held me in this position, widening my legs slowly but surely for the past hour. Each time I earn a smack for my trouble.

My ass was sore, my pussy throbbing and the puckered ring of my anus clenched repetitively, every area was begging to be touched.

I can feel her breath on my clit, soft and cool as she trails long nails over my lower back and down my thighs to my calves and finally my ankles.

She's kneeling behind me and almost reverently I hear her sigh as if the sight before her was momentous.

She leans forward, nose nudging my hard clit gently, and I feel my wetness leak out. I feel the shame as it slides down my thighs. Its sticky and hot and the musky scent wafts up to me and I inhale.

I love the smell of my pussy when wet. I love knowing that with a few strokes I would come all over her hand. I am so hard it hurts, and I wish she would touch me.

But she doesn't she keeps breathing, inhaling my scent, tasting my musk on her lips.

I'm begging now, the small keening sound is coming from my mouth, not hers. Like a prayer, I chant her name over and over. Desperate, pleading, begging for release.

But she's keeping me hostage.

"Baby...." I groan, the first words I've said. I know it's a mistake, I know I will be punished, but I am desperate, I need her to touch me, the begging is not working and my pussy hurts. The wiry curls between my legs are soaked with my juices, my clit is rock hard, pulsating and red from the blood flowing through it.

As I inhale and exhale, my stomach clenches, triggering a spasm in my clit. I inhale again, knowing I'm cheating and knowing that she probably knows too and will punish me later. But I don't care.

Blunt nails scratch my skin, bringing fresh blood to the surface. The pain is exquisite and I am close to coming. I know it, she knows it.

"Please baby... God..." In a heady gush of exhaled air she enters me, three fingers, deep, hard and fast, no warning, I feel my breath whoosh out of me and I drop my head to the table, unable to support my weight under the intensity of my feelings.

She pumps her hand in and out of my soaking pussy, her thumb teasing the length of my clit, the touches fleeting, never quite bringing me to that precipice but rather hanging me over the edge.

I pray to all known Gods and deities, begging them to let me come. Mumbling incoherently I breath her name. Panting, feeling light-headed, I groaned another "Oh God!" as it started.

I could feel it inching up my skin. Heat radiated from my body and still she doesn't alter her delicious rhythm. It could bring me to orgasm, but I know she will not. She's going to tease me.

Suddenly her fingers withdrew and I grunt with the loss. Forgetting my promise, I whipped my head around to face my tormentor.

Emerald green eyes stared back at me, bright with mischief, she's grinning at me. A feral grin, a knowing grin. She knows I was desperate, she knew one more touch and I would make that sound she loved. That shrill bark that embarrassed me until I realised how much it turned her on.

Only a few strands of her long auburn hair are tied back, just enough to keep her hair out of her mouth. She knows how much I love feeling those tresses trail over my bare skin as she sucks on me.

Her nose glistens with my wetness and she makes a show of licking my juices from her face. Her tongue makes wide sweeping motions over her lips, the tip of her nose, licking my juices off her face. It was more than erotic to say the least. And she knew it.

She rests on her heels, settling herself until comfortable and just stares at me.

I watch her watching me and I wait for her to say something. She rests her long tapered fingers on her thighs, the tips playing with her knees in a playful gesture.

"Close your eyes." It's the first words she has said to me since we started. Not hearing her words describe everything she's going to do to me has been torture. She had suggested it, "what if I just have my way with you but never say anything?" She had asked, and I had looked sceptical, thinking how difficult could that be?

Stupidly I agreed. Now I regretted that decision. I wanted to hear her describe how she's going to fuck me, lick my pussy until I beg for more. Her dirty talk was what turned me on the most about her. I love it and she knows it.

I do as bidden, and close my eyes.

Feeling a rush of cold air as she stands, I hear her walk away and I smile in anticipation. She's going to the toy chest. I haven't been too naughty then. Despite wishing to clap my hands in glee, I remain stationary, knowing that as quickly as she had decided to go to the toy chest, she can just as quickly decide not to.

With my eyes closed, my senses are heightened and I can smell my arousal keenly. I can hear her pottering around the room, the clink as buckles are done up and the harness rises over those slim hips.

I know right now the base of the double-ended dildo is resting deep inside her pussy and she's close to coming. If she lays on the bed like last night, I can ride her and make her come with me. 

I love making her come. I feel so powerful when she surrenders to me.

With no preamble, she enters me, one hard and fast thrust. "GOD!" I bark. "Fuck!"

"You like that don't you?" she whispers in my ear, her breath tickling the small hairs. She reaches forwards and grabs my shoulders for purchase.

She begins fucking me, hard and fast, the dildo hitting my clit with every deep thrust and I can feel it coming. She doesn't give me a chance to breath, to prepare and her nails dig into my shoulders, the flesh screaming to be released.

I know she's broken the skin. The raw skin smarts in the heated hair.

"Babe... please... can...I... come...?" I grunt, begging for permission knowing that I have no choice, I'm gonna come. I can't hold it anymore.

She stops suddenly. Pulling out with a wet plop, I immediately mourn the emptiness. Groaning I can't help but look back at her, a pitiful whine escapes my lips. 

She's smiling ferally, she knows I'm so close, and one thrust, one stroke, hell even if the eyes raking my sweat-slicked body was to even look at my pussy I would come.

"Would you like to come baby?" she asks tenderly. I hesitate before answering, she's not above asking me this question, knowing the answer and still refusing to let me.

She nods ever so slightly, giving me permission to speak.

"Uh-huh," is all I can manage to grunt out.

"Do you think you've earned it yet?" My eyes widen frantically and I fight to suppress the smile. She's finally going to let me touch her. I was going to earn the right to come, and even though my pussy dripped and my clit was throbbing so hard it hurt, I shook my head to clear the fuzzy cobwebs of arousal. If I did a good job, my orgasm would be nothing compared to one I was desperate for right now.

As if in anticipation of the event, my pussy clenched wildly, spasming.

"No... can I... earn my orgasm... please?" I used to find begging abhorrent, and when she first suggested it, I was disgusted. But I have since grown to love it, it turns me as much as it does her.

She looks at me with soft green eyes, head tilted as if contemplating the answer. Humming softly and rolling her bottom lip under her teeth, she tapped a slim finger against the cheek. She looks at me, and I know my eyes are glazed, I know I can barely focus on her.

"Unstrap me." Is all she says.

"Can I move from the table?" I know to ask, even though she has instructed me to undress her. Moving without permission would result in punishment, I knew I couldn't handle any more of that or I would come, permission or not.

"You may," she nodded.

I flex my fingers, stiff from gripping the table for so long and crawl on my hands and knees over to where she standing.

"Use your mouth," she instructs. I smile, and set to work, teeth griping the damp leather, wet from a mixture of our juices and sweat. I can taste myself and her on the leather and I stop myself from feasting on the remnants of our desire.

"Stop," she commands. With a gentle finger on my face she stops me, tips my head up to stare into impossible depths. Her eyes are shinning with pleasure and pride at my obedience.

"Clean me first." She directs my mouth away from the buckle and pressing the hard silicone against my lips, she forces the head into my mouth. Deep and hard, I don't gag as she has practiced this with me many times.

Before I came out I dated men, but never had I performed oral sex. She loves it when I perform oral sex on her when she was wearing a strap-on. She said it turned her on to see me taking the full length into my mouth, licking and sucking, blowing and nipping as if it was real.

Knowing how much she adored the sight, I cleaned the stiff dildo thoroughly, making sure to press hard on the tip, forcing the bulbous end inside her to rub all the right places.

When she closed her eyes, staggered a little and held my head in place, I knew I was doing it right. She came quickly and silently, and I knew this was only the beginning.

"Now... you may... finish... removing it," she said hoarsely.

I moved around to the buckles for the second time, and with little effort, borne of practice, the harness slides down her strong thighs and pools at her feet.

"Put it away and then come to me," she instructs. I separate the harness and dildo and give them both a quick clean before returning it the toy chest. When I return, she is lying on the bed, back against the headboard, her feet flat on the duvet and her hands resting on the insides of her splayed thighs.

I glance longingly at the dark curls, her wetness obvious. I am proud that I am the cause and returning to my knees, I crawl over to her, settling softly between those gorgeous legs.

"May I?"

"Yes." Nudging her thighs apart with my elbows, I tentatively spread her lips, exposing that delicious pearl usually hidden by the thick curls. She used to shave her pubic hair, but one day I returned from a month long business trip early, and she hadn't shaved the whole time I had been gone.

She was surprised by the ferociousness in my eyes when I saw that lovely pink mound of hers covered with those dark curls. Finding her hard clit amongst the forest was almost like heaven and she stopping shaving after that.

At first I could only stare at it, reverently, and I looked up into her face. Sudden tears appeared in my eyes and I cursed them quietly. This always happened when I looked at her naked body. It was as if I couldn't believe that this gorgeous woman would let me touch her, let me love. I have never thought I deserved her. No matter what she tells me, I still can't wholly believe it. I know she loves me, that's never been in doubt. But am I worthy of that love?

She gives me an indolent smile, quirks that fabulous eyebrow of hers and with one glance reaffirms my confidence.

The first touch of my tongue on her clit sends a shiver up her spine and she moans low and gutturally. Emboldened, I lick along its length, circling the bundle of nerves twice before sucking her fleshy labia into my mouth.

My tongue makes sweeping motions all over her pussy, gathering her juices on the tip and I swallow the essence that is all her.

I'm humming, my breath vibrating against the sensitive skin and her hands grip my head forcefully, dragging me to wear she wants my tongue to be.

I ignore her, moving away from her clit, and I dip into the sweet nectar that is her, tasting, probing, my tongue searches through her depths looking for answers to that magic question. And she's keening, her hips are undulating against my mouth and I am struggling to keep a hold of her.

I grip her hips, drag her pussy back to where I want it, and try to resist the pulsating nub that's just in my eye line. I want to suck it into my mouth and milk it for all its worth.

I want her screaming my name. I want her coming in my mouth and from my fingers. I want it all.

When her thighs begin that familiar tremble, I spread her legs even further and pull her hips down the bed. She sinks, only her neck resting on a pillow. I scoop her legs over my shoulders, bringing that heady scent to my nostrils and I inhale just as she did.

With soft kisses, I coat her skin with my adoration.

I enter her slowly, and pump my fingers in and out, adding a finger each time. When I feel her walls closing around my hand, I scoop the fingers upwards and feel for that rough patch I know is there.

Her hips suddenly stop and I know she's coming, I can feel the walls clench my hand, sucking the fingers deeper inside of her and her fingers are gripping my head painfully. Her nails biting into my skull.

She's screaming now, bucking wildly, my name is said and mentioned in the same breath as God. God had nothing to do with this baby, it's all me, I want to say.

"Now baby... now...," she orders.

I finally take her clit into my mouth, my lips surround the taut flesh and I rake my teeth over the hard ridge.

Her legs clamp around my head and I know if she doesn't release me soon I'm going to pass out from the lack of oxygen.

She's wild now, and all I do is hold on for dear life. My fingers hurt, my jaw has locked in place, but I maintain my position, riding the shockwave.

I lick and taste, fingers rubbing that spot until she pushes me away weakly and drags me up to lay beside her.

"You. Definitely. Earned. Your. Right. Tonight." She breaths in staccato sentences. "How do you want to come?"

"Can I..." feeling shy now, I eye up her mouth and gesture vaguely. "Can you..."

It takes a moment, but she understands what I want and scoots further down the bed. She places a pillow under head and motions me to move up.

I don't need telling twice and soon one knee is planted either side of her head.

She grips my thighs and guides me to her mouth.

Her first touch sends and coherent thought spiralling out of my head. I know nothing but the heat of her breath and the tip of her tongue grazing on my hot flesh.

I don't last long and she mouths around stiff peaks that I can come. And I obey her easily. Shamelessly I start grinding my pussy hard against her mouth, her tongue and her teeth. I've gripped the headboard with all my strength and the bark is coming.

When I finally crash, my throat is sore and dry. I screamed her name. It was hoarse and sharp, the bark she loves, releasing a flurry of "ohs" and "Gods!" and general incoherent words too many to decipher.

When it is over, I collapse on her face and she's still licking me. I rise up off her only for her to hold me in place. She releases my left leg and finger slip inside my trembling pussy and she's fucking me and the orgasms keep coming.

Her thumb is on my clit, and her hand is a blur. I grab the headboard again and I coming again for her. I see lights, I see stars all that romantic crap that I spurned a few months ago. White hot lightning shoots through my body, down my spine and through my legs. My toes curl and my knees lock. My throat is dry again, sore and I know the sounds I'm hearing through fuzzy ears are coming from my mouth.

I'm too lost in sensation to feel embarrassment and my voice delves into the horse like braying and I praise her all again.

When I'm finally spent, I collapse bonelessly and she slides out of me and eases me to the bed next to her.

She cuddles me, and strokes my hair gently. Soft kisses are peck at my sweat-slicked skin. She coos quietly, calling to me, asking me to open my eyes.

It takes a tremendous effort just to look into her emerald eyes and she smiles at me, lovingly and strokes my face. Placing gentle kisses on my lips, she awakens me from my post-coital haze.

"There's my beautiful brown-eyed girl." She pulls me into her embrace, and I lay my heavy head on her soft breast. Reaching down, she pulls at the blanket that half lying on and half lying off the bed.

She tucks it around us and pats my head. "Sleep baby. Sleep."

"Will you..." I yawned in a Pavlovian response to her suggestion.

"What honey?" the endearment is like music to my ears. We have not discussed our feelings but I already know how I feel. And I'm sure she can sense it. I'm in love with her, head over heels. Tonight would have only happened because she had asked for it. There was nobody I trusted more.

"Will you... be here... in the morning?" I regret asking even before I finish the words. She had told me she never spends the night, and never will. Why did I ask her? I knew the terms when we started this thing, this relationship. I knew the rules, yet here I was expecting more.

"Do you want me to be here in the morning?" she returned the onus to me. I was afraid to tell her the truth, afraid to voice my feelings.

"I... yes." I answer firmly, lying now would be pointless and she knows it.

"Then I'll be here."

"Really?" I can't hide my surprise and she chuckles instantly.

"Yes baby, really... now sleep. I'll be here, I promise."

"Ok... I love you, you know."

"Yes baby, I know... sleep."

"Do you love me?" I murmur sleepily. Consciousness fades as sleep and exhaustion take over. But through the haze I hear the words I've be yearning to hear.

"Yes." With a smile I let sleep win its battle. The last thing I remember is her soft voice whispering in my ear. "Always and forever."

Hours later I wake, my body is stiff and my eyes are caked in sleep. Rubbing my face roughly to clear the cobwebs, I stretch languidly, feeling my muscles respond to the sudden movement.

I smile to myself, rolling over to find the bed empty and cold.

The smile leaves my face and I groan inwardly, remembering what I had asked from her last night.

She had told me what I needed to hear and she had lied to me. She wasn't there when I woke up.

The bed was in complete disarray and my legs were cold and sticky from past arousal.

Anger seethed through me and I flung myself out of the bed.

Padding naked to the living room, feet stomping I scare Mr Darcy who's claws clatter on the hardwood floor as he scampers out of my way. I offer an apologetic glance his way and he gives me a scowl and flicks his tail, the feline equivalent of flipping me the bird. I give another duly contrite glance and he nods his head as if to forgive my transgression. I gratefully accept his acceptance and weave my way through the cat toys and clothes to the living room.

For a brief moment I smile when I spot her. And I walk up slowly, anger dissipating. She left me last night as she always did but the sight of her washes away my anger.

"I'm sorry honey that I got angry."

"I'm sorry I left."

"I wish you didn't."

"I know you do, but you know I have to."

"Why?"

"You know why baby."

"No, I don't. I wish you would stop leaving me every morning."

"I know you do baby. I can't help it." I can feel our mutual frustration and I release the last of my anger. She smiled knowingly.

"You know I can't stay angry at you baby."

"I know. I'm sorry, I really am."

"I know you are. You love me right?"

"Always and forever honey."

"Always and forever," I echo.

"It's time for me to go baby."

"Do you have to?"

"Yes, it's time."

"I don't want you to go."

"I know. I know."

"Stay, make love to me one more time."

"I can't, it's not healthy for you."
