 The next morning, Jezebel woke up with her on her mind. "Her" being Fancy. She lay there in her bed for a while, thinking about all she has been through. Jezebel Jones was always an outgoing, sociable woman. That's why she loved her job as a bartender.

However, with those assets came shortcomings. Wherever she went with friends, she was the "hot chick" automatically. Eventually, throughout her life, she would learn the hard way that people can be treacherous and evil.

It all started for her in her last year in high school. Jezebel had an experience in high school that was not like most girls. Jezebel was outgoing, sweet, and had the boys going crazy. Jezebel had almost no female friends in high school. She felt they were too bitchy and cliquey.

Her friends were almost all guys. She gave girl advice to some of them. She hung out with them like one of the guys. She was a football fan, played video games, and came to appreciate cars.

"You're like a guy's dream girl!" One of her best friends (and exes) had said. His name was Johnny. She smiled at the thought of that. He was sweet. He was soft spoken. She always knew Johnny had a crush on her. She thought it was kind of cute. Jezebel liked Johnny. However, as they were in the middle of their high school romance, Jezebel saw something that would change her life.

Jezebel was also part of the Flags in high school marching band. She was the shortest one of the bunch in a group of taller, curvaceous women carrying flags. One day, in practice, Jezebel was changing rather hurriedly. When she finished, she began to walk out of the changing room. She looked back.

There she was, in the middle of changing. Her name was Destiny Davis, or as her guy friends called her "Double D", for obvious reasons. Destiny's back was to her. She couldn't stop staring as she was in her black bra and red panties. To Jezebel, her skin was so pretty.

She changed into a white shirt and blue shorts which matched the school colors, showing off those long dark ebony legs. She turned and walked away, conflicted. Jezebel always thought she was pretty, but not like this. She had a boyfriend, Johnny. She questioned herself then at that moment:

"Do I like girls?"

In practice, she couldn't stop staring or thinking about Destiny Davis. One, she caught herself looking at her breasts. She suddenly knew why her friends liked her so much, but there was an extra bit of attraction that she couldn't put her finger on. She then questioned herself again:

"Do I have a crush on a girl?"

The questions in her head kept going. Was she bisexual? Was she just curious? Johnny and Jezebel kept dating.

"Yo, there's going to be a killer party over at Rico's place this weekend, and he's DJ'ing? Babe, you got to come," Johnny said to her. Rico was an aspiring DJ in Jezebel's circle of guy friends.

"Of course, I'm there. Who going to be there?" Jezebel said.

"Oh, you know, Reggie, the quarterback, uh... Travis, the wide receiver, hell, the whole damn football team, the twins, Landon and London... Double D..."

They got interrupted by London King, one of the most popular girls in the school. She was also in band, as secretary. Jezebel noticed that guys flocked to her also. Jezebel saw right through London as a pretentious kind of girl.

"So, I'm guessing you're coming to the party?" London said.

"Yup," Johnny said. Jezebel nodded.

"Johnny, you and Jezebel make a cute couple. See you at the party," London started, then whispered in Jezebel's ear: "I heard what happened in the changing room. We don't play that shit. You know the origins of the name Jezebel? Now I know why guys like you so much."

London sashayed away, as Jezebel glared at her.

That weekend was the party. Jezebel knew Destiny was going to be there. She felt bad thinking about her when she had a boyfriend. She kept it not too formal as far as attire went.

Her top hugged her breasts, showing her cleavage nicely. Her tight jeans showed off her hips and her tight toned butt. She looked at herself in the mirror, checking herself out with the same questions running through her head. She heard a honk outside. Johnny picked her up in his slightly used Toyota Corolla.

"What's up, babe?" He said behind the wheel, as cool as he could, but failing. She giggled. Johnny always knew how to make her laugh in his own special way. She kissed him quickly.

"Tell me you didn't just pull that tired line," Jezebel said, laughing.

"I always wanted to do that!"

"You watch way too many movies, you know that?" Jezebel said, shaking her head.

Johnny sped onto the road. The party was being held on a Friday night. That weekend was a long weekend at their school. The party was actually a mansion party. When they arrived, nothing big really happened. The usual drunken dudes hitting on girls (of which she was used to by now), music blasting, etcetera.

After a long while of exploring the mansion with Johnny, she heard sniffling in one of the other rooms. She peered in the door that was ajar. It was Destiny, crying.

"Hey, I'll catch up with you, Johnny. I got something to do," she said.

They went their separate ways. Jezebel entered the room, looking around at every spacious inch.

"Hey, Destiny," She said timidly.

Destiny quickly wiped her tears away and jerked her head.

"Oh, hey, Jezebel. When'd you get here?"

"We were exploring the place. I heard something. I was curious. So..." Jezebel said, simply.

"So... what?"

After a few seconds of awkward silence and music in the background, Jezebel broke the silence:

"What's wrong? I mean, I heard you crying..."

"You really want to know? Wait, why do you want to know? I knew you were checking me out in the changing room before practice," Destiny said.

"Wait, what does that have to do with... oh. You think I like you, do you?" Jezebel said.

"Yes."

For the first time, Jezebel shrugged her shoulders and said internally:

"Fuck it."

She leaned in to kiss Destiny Davis on her plump pink lips. It was a short yet sweet kiss... to her. Until Destiny got away from it. Ignoring that reaction, Jezebel, satisfied, asked without missing a beat:

"You never answered my first question."

"Ok... my boyfriend cheated on me with some big booty bitch he saw here."

"Tonight? At the party? Oh, honey... screw him. I got news for you, sweetie. Look at you. You are gorgeous. Any dude would be lucky as hell to find you," Jezebel said, trying not to check her out.

"Thanks."

"Just... don't go drunk texting him at 3 AM... That's the rules," Jezebel said, with a helpful smile. She was going to go back to the party, when Destiny asked her a parting question.

"Hey, Jezebel... do you like girls?"

She smiled at that question and at her as she walked out. In the doorway was London King, silently witnessing the scene.

"So, how long were you standing there for?" Jezebel said to London.

"Enough. So, you do know the meaning behind the word 'Jezebel', right?" London said.

"Yes, a biblical name that also has a negative connotation. An impudent, shameless woman. Yes, my friends are mostly guys. Yes, I like girls too. It's possible to like both. Yeah, everybody? You heard me? I like girls! And to all you perverts, that does not mean an automatic threesome! So, Jezebel does not mean what you think it means, London. Maybe you're the jezebel," Jezebel proclaimed and left.

From that point on, Jezebel was sexually attracted to girls. After high school, Johnny went into the army. Destiny went on to Sam Houston State University for their criminology program. As for Jezebel Jones...

oOo

Jezebel got up from her reminiscing.

She looked at her phone in passing. It had a San Antonio Spurs themed screensaver with her son, JJ, on it. She had two messages. They read:

"Johnny: Hey, baby mama. Miss you two."

And a text with a Houston area code:

"Hey, I liked the kiss."

Looking at her phone, Jezebel Jones smiled.