 Today was the day. I was to carry out another one of your tasks and I was nervous, yet very excited.

I start out the morning with the ordinary things. Wake up at six a.m, comb my hair and put it in a clip, brush my teeth. I run the shower to make sure that the water is just right before I get in. I grab my razor, buff puff and Japanese cherry blossom shower gel, and when I am happy with the water temperature, I get into the shower.

I begin by standing under the spray and letting the water caress my body in warm cascades down my back, breasts, ass. I shave my underarms then let the warm water flow down my back as I bend over to shave my legs. Once complete, I begin shaving bare the pussy that you own, making sure that the lips are as smooth as you like them to be. When they are, I apply a dollop of shower gel to my buff puff and let the lightly scented lather arouse my senses. After I soap my body down, I use my finger to play with my hardened nipples, sliding my hands down my body to tease the clit that pouts prettily from beneath my blossom scented pussy lips.

I slide first one finger, then another, inside my warmth, while making lazy circles on my clit with my thumb. Back leaned up against the shower wall, I moan in excited bliss as I near climax. Stopping abruptly, I shake my head, forgetting that I have to finish getting dressed and head to work. I rinse my body, step out of the shower and wrap myself in a fluffy towel.

Walking to my dressing room, visions of tonight and what I term as the inevitable, dance through my mind. You have told me that your desire is for me to meet up with a girlfriend and let things flow where they may, and, if the evening turns out to be physical, that I must tongue fuck her to orgasm. Tonight is inevitable because I have plans to meet up with a girlfriend that I have a sexual attraction to. Tonight will be the easiest task you have set before me, all the way down to thinking about you as we fuck each other. Did I mention that she has a thing for me too?

When I enter my dressing room, I sit down on the bed and finish drying my body. I smile because just yesterday you told me that the picture I sent you was the sexiest so far. I smile a little more because I can't wait until you see the pictures that I plan to get for you tonight. I glance over at my outfit and think that you would be pleased. It's sexy but in an understated way and the teddy for the evening is sure to top it all off. Taking a look at the clock, I realize that I have lollygagged way too much.

I grab the Japanese cherry blossom lotion from the dressing table and after putting a small amount in my hands, I rub it on my nipples and the small of my back where my tattoo is. I take more lotion, and rub it down my arms, sit down on the bed, then rub some down the smooth expanse of leg that will be showing. Now, taking the sandalwood scented oil (your favorite) off the table, I rub some in the palm of my hands, and use those hands to massage the oil on to my freshly shaven pussy. I make sure that every inch of my pussy is covered in oil, even rubbing a bit onto my protruding clit. 

Next I slip on my coral Frederick's of Hollywood bra and the matching sheer thong that you've heard me talk about. I pull a coral silk sleeveless shirt over my head and slide my little flirty black mini skirt over my legs. As I slip my feet into black wedge heeled sandals, I add sandalwood scented deodorant, take the clip from my hair and finger comb it so that it looks like you began my day by tangling your fingers in it. When I feel confident that you would approve of how I look, I spritz myself with a bit of cherry blossom cologne, grab my black purse and my bag of toys and head for the door.

In the car, I put on my favorite CD and let the music take me away from the traffic and long drive to work, to the task for this evening. 

"...Come to my shoulder when you need to weep, Wake me up, when you cannot sleep, Talk to me, when you want to be heard, Be silent with me, when you can't say a word, That's all I'll ever ask, That's all I'll ever ask, That's all I'll ever ask, Of you... So just come to me for anything at all, Call my name, it's yours to call..."

Angel. My best friend. Hmmm. Nothing for tonight was confirmed yet but I still had an hour or so before that happened. She wouldn't be able to resist the opportunity for us to see each other and will do anything to make that happen. I was anticipating seeing her because we had not seen each other in several months and the last time we did, we almost got sexual. There's something to be said for having a gorgeous best friend who gets you wet as easily as she lends you her shoulder. 

At your urging, your demand to have a task obeyed, I have asked Angel to meet me for drinks at a local bar, talk about old times, and for the first time in our lives together, follow the flow of the evening. She agreed and now I await a confirmation call from her regarding tonight.

Just before I arrive at work, it comes, Angel will be there and can't wait. After a quick two minute conversation, we blow kisses to each other, say "Love Ya!", and hang up. I pull into my parking space at work and hurry into my office where the first thing I do is open my email program to alert you that phase one is complete. Angel will meet me at 8pm at the local Friday's.

Sitting at work, trying to get stuff done, I get aroused at the prospect of how the evening will go. Constant emails from you tell me that everything will be fine and regardless of what happens, you'll be proud of me. You have my confidence level at such a high point, that by the time I leave work at 7pm, not only am I drenched with desire and wanting for both you and Angel, but my butterflies have gone and I know tonight will be done for you.

Angel arrives at Friday's a few minutes after me and calls my cell to locate me in the crowded restaurant. I direct her to the corner of the bar where I'm sitting. She sees me, waves as she blows kisses my way and saunters over in that sexy Angel way. As I watch her walk toward me, I am in awe of her beauty. 

Angel is a statuesque, five foot eight, Greek bombshell. Lithe from years of ballet, she looks as if she floats on air as she walks. Her jet black hair is pulled away from her face and cascading down her back, barely sitting on the top of her luscious ass. She has an olive complexion from frequent visits back home to spend time with family and dark, dreamy, bedroom eyes. Her fingernails are long and manicured, painted with just a hint of color, and she is so stunning that she has the glorious ability to be make-up free. Tonight she has on an ivory colored mini skirt with matching jacket, an ivory and caramel colored bustier and ivory colored stiletto sandals. Perfect 38DDD breasts seated above a tiny waist complete the picture.

The closer she gets to me, the wetter I get and the more I notice the head of everyone in the bar turning towards her. In seconds she is standing in front of me kissing me full on the mouth. She takes her lips off mine, winks at me and orders a tequila sunrise for me and a margarita for herself. The atmosphere around us is lively, and we stay there no longer than necessary to keep up appearances. After two drinks, with both of us feeling bold and giddy, we leave the restaurant arm in arm. 

As we walk across the parking lot toward our cars, we gingerly caress each other and Angel leans down to brush the hair from my face and kiss my temple. We arrive at my car and I invite her to get in. She on the other hand has better plans. She took the initiative to rent a room at one of the hotels near the restaurant and we leave our cars where they are to walk over. We get to the hotel, Angel checks us in and we ride the elevator to our room. While in the elevator, our hands are everywhere as our tongues explore each others mouths. When the elevator stops on our floor, we quickly pull ourselves together and run barefoot to our room. 

Angel lets us in our room, and no sooner than the door closes, we are in each others arms. This time we are gentler because we know we have all night to explore. Angel starts by pushing me into a sitting position on the bed so that I can watch the slow strip tease that she has begun for me. As she gyrates her hips, taking off each article of clothing, I am overcome with desire and reach for her. She tenderly pushes me away and when she is completely nude, she begins to undress me, kissing and licking each bit of flesh that she exposes.

When I am as naked as she is, she lays down beside me and we kiss while playing with each others breasts. I break our kiss and lean over to take one of her nipples into my mouth. With my free hand, I pinch and tweak the nipple of her other breast. As I alternate between each tender bud, I feel Angel's hand slide its way down my body towards my moist honey pot. She tenderly inserts one finger inside me and I see stars as she starts to finger my pussy slowly, taking time to lightly pinch my clit each time she removes her finger. 

One finger turns to two and as she fucks me, she takes my mouth from her nipple, guides my face to hers and asks me to tell her what I want. Overcome with need, I smile, hoping she'll take the hint. Instead, she shakes her head and tells me that she wants me to tell her what I want. "I want you to eat my pussy," I say, in the barest of whispers. Angel still isn't satisfied with my response and adds a third finger to my aching pussy. Each time she takes her fingers out of my pussy, she lightly grazes my clit, causing me to shudder in delight. She knows what I want, but wants me to verbalize it for her. Again I tell her that I want her to suck my sweet pussy. 

She fucks me harder and faster with her fingers, nibbling on my nipples as she does. My hips pump up and down. "Please eat my pussy," I beg. I need her to take my pussy into her mouth. "Please eat my pussy, Angel." She has me say it over and over until she's satisfied that I mean it. When she's convinced, she takes the tip of her tongue and licks the slit of my pussy then dips her tongue inside full force, teasing my clit with her mouth. I moan in ecstasy as my legs tense for the first wave of my orgasm. Opening them wider to give her better access, I play with my breasts, licking and sucking on my nipples as she puts a finger inside of me, still licking and sucking on my pussy.

Angel ferociously devours me with soft licks and sucks as my legs open wider and wider. I cum in waves of spasm after spasm until I am fully spent. She lifts her cum covered face from my pussy and I pull her to me, sucking my sweetness from her tongue before motioning her to straddle my face. She does and I use my tongue to lift the hood of her clit to expose her sugar morsel. I close my lips around it and gently suck. God she is delicious! 

As I suck and lick her clit, she pumps her body up and down on my face, moaning my name and begging me to tongue fuck her. When I've teased her enough, I plunge my tongue inside her pussy like it's a dick and tongue fuck her for all its worth. Angel grips the headboard as she smothers me with her pussy and I feel her juices flowing onto my face. Still licking and sucking her precious gifts, I stick a finger inside of her and curl it to stimulate her G-Spot. Angel goes crazy and her pussy is so wet that as I finger her, it sounds like a plunger being used. 

I love the sounds her body is making from my assault on her pussy and it drives me crazy. I wildly lick Angel from her pretty pussy, to her ass and back again, licking and sucking and fingering her. Her clit is so swollen that it feels like it fills my entire mouth. I continue to suck on her clit when suddenly, her body spasms and she cums. She's trying to hold back her screams but I coax them out of her as I whisper words of love to her with my mouth still on her pussy. 

I stop sucking her clit and place wide, slow licks on her pussy. I use my tongue as a blanket to soak up every bit of her sweet cum. She brings herself back to earth by caressing her breasts and gyrating slowly on my face. I slide from underneath her, my face covered in her sex juices, and bring her face to me for a soul searing kiss. Exhausted, we fall to the bed in each others arms. 

Satiated and satisfied, we drift off to sleep, my last thought being how pleased and proud of me you would be.