 At the exact same moment that Kim Hopkins was giving either Renita or Maria or Tanya one of the many, many, delicious cunt-bangings the women were gleefully enjoying this afternoon, her boss, Tammy Rogers, was flirting with a sexy waitress who had her puffed-up pussy in a throbbing, leaking frenzy. Tammy could feel her sexy, lacy black panties getting wetter and wetter every time this little honey of a waitress brought her something.

One could make the point that actually Kim was working - albeit, very enjoyable work - as sexy Renita Eadie had come to the Tammy Rogers Real Estate Brokerage looking to sell her home and conscientious Kim was in the process of locking up a potential gold-mine of a client. Bonus, that this particular client had an seductive mine-tunnel oozing pure gold between her legs! Kim had staked a claim on this particular site and as part of her claim she was legally obligated to make improvements to the site and, so she did. With many, many hot kisses causing the honeyed gold to just keep flowing!

Dazzling any sexy female client with their pussy-lapping skills was a 'sales technique' for her staff that Tammy Rogers enthusiastically encouraged. After, of course, she made certain, on the plush couch in her office, that any employee - Tammy only hired women - possessed the requisite skills of making a woman's pussy fire off its gun! Big and often! Well, at least some basic knowledge of real-estate was also required.

It might also be argued that Tammy was working also, as she was at a luncheon, followed by a seminar, of real-estate professionals, organized to discuss issues of their business. But whatever interest with which Tammy had arrived at the luncheon and her determination to participate in any following discussion, had swiftly waned and faded in favor of her open admiration of the beautiful tits and ass of the very pretty, very sexy waitress. Which lent credence to the point-of-view that she wasn't really working at all, except in-so-far as laboring hard to satisfy the always-present itch in her nearly-always horny pussy.

To be fair, although randy as hell - Tammy was chastising herself for not having a morning session with the lush Kenna - she had started out with every intention of paying attention to the agenda of the afternoon meeting. That is, until after lunch, when a different, very sexy-looking waitress had come by to ask her if she'd like an after-lunch cocktail. The waitress, whose name was Amanda, appeared to Tammy to be about 20-years-old and she had a fine, high-rising pair judging from the eye-catching bulge in the front of her uniform. Her lustrous, long, black hair shone in the lunch-room lights. Unfortunately, the tight black pants that were part of her uniform, prevented Tammy from admiring what, she was sure, were a pair of long, lovely legs. Although the way the pants hugged Amanda's sweet little ass was a sight not-to-be-missed! 

More than just her appetizing appearance, as she took Tammy's drink order, little-miss-waitress was giving Tammy blistering, lingering looks that the 45-year-old lesbian recognized instantly and had her finely-tuned clitty buzzing on high. Then, to top off, as she wiggled away from the table she made sure her exquisitely-shaped ass shook a very tempting invitation to her all-but-drooling customer and all thoughts of concentrating on real-estate matters vanished from Tammy Rogers' now fevered mind.

The next glass of wine sweet Amanda brought to the table, Tammy threw an arm around the sexy waitress' waist, eased her towards her and snuggled her in close.

"What time are you finished serving this afternoon, Amanda, sweetie?" Tammy asked her, quickly noting that the hot body of Amanda, with a sexy shiver, stayed right close, making no move to pull away from the older woman. Not even when this luscious lady moved her silky hair out of the way and started to caress and squeeze her cute ass-cheeks through the soft material of the tight pants of her uniform.

Amanda gave a throaty chuckle and made her sweet ass jiggle in Tammy's hot hand, eliciting a whimper of delight. She leaned down close to whisper in Tammy's ear which pretty much resulted with one of her titties softly, delightfully, resting on the real-estate lady's shoulder.

Her hot tongue snaked out and tickled Tammy's ear. "Hey, baby," she breathed. "I've been off work for 1/2 an hour now. I told my boss that I was just gonna stay and keep serving, but only you, for as long as you sat here, gorgeous! You're very hot and sexy! I'm hoping you like what you see enough that you'll give me a tumble! Oooh! A sexy older woman! I'm shivering just thinking about it!"

A very pleasurable shiver shot from her crotch, sending honeyed thrills up and down Tammy's body. "Well, baby, I think you're a real living doll so what the fuck are we waiting for?" she said, giving Amanda's hot bottom another cozy squeeze. "Let's get the hell out of here, honey-pie! There's a very interesting property I'm just dying to show you!" 

The real-estate seminar forgotten, shortly thereafter, in Tammy's Mercedes headed for her apartment, with sweet Amanda snuggled close, Tammy let her right hand drop down between her long, sweet thighs. Having changed from her uniform, she now wore a short, tight skirt, leaving her glorious, silky, long legs, that Tammy had been so anxious to see, bare now for Tammy's viewing and feeling pleasure. Up top, she sported a colorful tank-top and because, when changing, she had discarded the bra that her boss insisted she wear at work, her bulging boobs were able to bounce delightfully. Tammy had already helped herself to several cozy feels. 

Tammy was having a very hard time concentrating on her driving.

Nevertheless, using her hands-free, voice-activated cell, she still managed to dial the number of the office.

"Kenna, sweetie," she said when her darling receptionist answered. "Don't talk, just listen, I'm in a hurry. I don't care what other plans you might have, 5 o'clock, you close up the office and wiggle your sweet ass on over to my place. What 'til you see what a sweet piece of ass I picked up at the seminar!"

Excited to be called a sweet-piece-of-ass, Amanda managed to snuggle even closer. She knew she was a bomb-shell piece of pussy but it was very nice to hear this sexy older lady thought so too! She shivered and felt the gorgeous cougar-lady that she was with squeeze one of her boobs and tweak her hardening, tingling nipple. It sounded like this older dish was planning a real pussy-party! 

Tammy could feel her hot breath first and then felt her lush lips giving the elegant slope of her neck some nice kisses causing her to shiver. At a red light, she turned her head and she and the waitress had the first delicious taste of each other's lips. It took a persistent honking from the car behind, when the light turned green, to make Tammy turn her head back, reluctantly, from Amanda's sweet, clinging lips and tantalizing tongue to resume driving. She shook with anticipation the rest of the drive home, sweet Amanda snuggled close beside her, one hand on the steering wheel and the other stroking the silky skin of the younger girl's bare thighs, slithering up the young girl's side, periodically, for a cozy squeeze of a tempting boob.

Once the Mercedes was safely in its spot in the underground parking of Tammy's plush condo, she could turn her attention solely to the plush body snuggled against her. Like a pair of teenagers - well, Amanda was only a few months removed from actually being a teenager - the 20-year-old babe and the 45-year-old cougar necked and petted until they both were boiling on the brink.

"Ohhh, ooooh, wow!" hot Tammy breathed in Amanda's ear, giving little love-nips on the lobe. "You're one hot piece, aren't 'ya darlin'! Let's get upstairs and finish ourselves off!"

A very interested security guard stayed glued to his monitor at his station as the two horny women stayed glued to each other, kissing and fondling all the way to the penthouse in the elevator. 

And, shortly thereafter, Tammy Rogers moved her head and lips simultaneously, her hands full of silky, black hair. She was in heaven because, at this moment, her mouth had fully captured the sweet mouth of Amanda again and this time there were no honking horns to interrupt the delight! The two women's lips and tongues were having a whale of a time making love together. Their lip-gloss became sticky causing the their lips to deliciously cling together.

Tammy and Amanda were now sprawled on the plush couch in Tammy's condo and it was as if their lip-gloss had crazy-glued their lips together. The women were getting so many thrills from just their hot kisses that they never wanted to pull their heads apart.

Of course, things were escalating and some of the thrills that were soon multiplying the honeyed shivers resulting from their sweet, hot kisses, were due to the fact that the women were naked now, hastily discarded clothing all over the floor and while their lips were all over each other's, their hands were busy on each other's pussies! Stroking, tickling, wiggling, jiggling, soaking inside in girlie-syrup, thumbs tweaking throbbing clitties. Until, finally, deliciously, both woman had to finally unglue their lips, so they could throw back their heads and wail. Their bodies bucked on the couch and they threw themselves into each other's arms, hugged and went back to having kisses as shuddery, sugary cum-thrills roared through the both of them. 

When Tammy quit shaking and panting enough to trust her legs, she stood and gathered Amanda in her arms. "I'm gonna girl-fuck you silly, pretty-baby!" she told a breathless Amanda and she gave her kisses all the way as she carried the still panting waitress down the hall and dropped her on one very large, very comfy, cozy bed.

"Spread your legs, darlin!" she chuckled down at the writhing body on the bed. "Wide open now, for momma!" 

When the totally obliging Amanda did just that, Tammy Rogers took a gleeful, appreciative look at her very pretty, honey-dripping pussy and then dived down between her glorious legs.

Her tongue snaked out and Tammy found that her mouth kissing Amanda's sweet cunt, her tongue licking up all her girlie-honey while tongue-fucking her very delicious pussy, was as pleasurable as kissing the sweet, sweet lips of her sexy mouth.

"Ummmmm, ahhhh, oooh!" Tammy cooed as she licked and sucked, up, down and all around, all over the sweet, sweet throbbing pussy of Amanda. While she enjoyed her delicious cunt-treat, Tammy had one hand underneath, squeezing and playing with her lovely ass and poking one finger up the young girl's bum-hole.

Her other arm was stretched above her head and was fondling and squeezing first one of Amanda's boobies and then the other one.

For her part, Amanda was shaking and screaming and thrill-shots kept hitting her, hitting her hard and hitting her fast. 

"Eat my cunt-juice, cougar-lady," she yelled. "Suck me off to a big cum!" The sexy young lesbian had lots of contemporary lovers but 45-year-old Tammy Rogers was swiftly teaching her that none of them knew how to eat a hot cunt the way she could.

Lovingly, Tammy's hot tongue moved to Amanda's stinging clit and gave it a thorough tongue lashing before she sucked it right in her mouth and really went to town on it. Young Amanda wailed even louder and her feet beat on the mattress and the young girl went blissfully sailing up, up, up, to a cloud she had never been on before.

*****

"Bring that sweet ass on in and join the party!" Tammy said to her receptionist, the plush red-head Kenna, sweeping her into her arms and giving her sweet kisses. "Ummm, yummy, baby. Let's see, how long have you been working for me, honey-bun? But I've never fucked you here, have I?"

Tammy had left Amanda sprawled out on her bed, panting, puffing and sweating, after treating the young waitress to several big, booming cums. As she padded, naked, to answer her ringing door-bell she licked her wet lips, savoring all the yummy girlie-honey that Amanda had gushed into her greedy, sucking mouth.

"Two months, boss-lady," Kenna breathed, licking her boss' lips, tasting Amanda, grinning and giving Tammy a wonderful view of her glorious body. She was shivering in anticipation. Her boss was so beautiful! And, Kenna knew, from the phone call that had drawn her here, that somewhere in the apartment, probably Tammy's bedroom, was another pussy-treat!

Arms around each others waists, exchanging sweet kisses all the way down the hall, the two women headed for Tammy's bedroom and Amanda. Kenna felt fresh juices leaking into her panties. The big boss lady was inviting her to a three-way pussy bash! Kenna, much as she enjoyed her sessions with Tammy on the couch in her office, had really been looking forward to the day that she could fuck with her boss with the luxury of a bed!

They found Amanda, recovered somewhat from the cozy work-out Tammy had given her earlier, sitting up against the headboard of Tammy's fuck-bed, a damp pillow behind her, sparkling green eyes wide and gleaming, hands busy on her crotch! 

"Tammy, baby!" she gushed, "Who is this little darlin'?"

'We have a new recruit, Amanda," Tammy announced. "A real pussy-girl! Amanda, meet my receptionist, the sweet, young Kenna. The more pussy, the merrier! Right, girls?"

"And you!" she said, pulling Kenna closer for kisses, "What on earth are you still doing with clothes on? Don't you see that beautiful cunt on my bed, all warm and wet and willing?"

Excited, shivering, cunt dripping, Kenna feverishly removed her white work shirt as she watched sexy Amanda playing with her own cunt. Watched her sexily lick her own juices from her fingers. Watched her humping her sweet ass on the bed to give sweet Kenna and sexy Tammy a damn good look, smiling sweetly at the two women. 

Kenna was braless and had a good, firm, high-rising pair of tits. As her shirt dropped, Tammy and Amanda, with gleaming eyes, gave her boobs some eager stares. Tammy, being closest, cuddled her fleshy titties and jiggled them all around for Amanda's viewing pleasure. She tweaked Kenna's big, pink nipples, pulling them, stretching them, before popping each one in her hot mouth for some sugary sucks!

Hating to leave her boobs, but knowing she had another fun-job to do, Tammy began peeling Kenna's pants down. Her receptionist wiggled her hips to help her. How beautiful she stood with her long legs, high thrusty tits and her long red hair fastened in a pony-tail!

Her cunt was swollen, runny, her nipples were stiff, and she was obviously turned on high. Amanda had that look, too.

As Tammy got Kenna's pants to the floor, she stepped out of them and then Tammy skinned her panties down her long, silky legs uncovering her pussy with its sexy bush of damp, red hair. Kenna's fingers played on her own cunt and stimulated her senses. She thrust her hips at the bed, causing her wet cunt to gape for the drooling Amanda!

"Oh, wowee! Your cunt's all puffed out fine, Kenna!" Amanda cooed. "Do you finger-fuck yourself often, darlin'?"

"Oh, you!" Kenna giggled, "I had a nice time with my twat on the way over!"

Tammy and Amanda laughed. It was going to be a neat pussy-party! 

'How does Tammy always do it?' Kenna asked herself. She sure has a way with girls!

"How 'bout we get on the bed with Amanda and start the festivities, Kenna-baby?" Tammy cooed. "I feel like eating juicy pussy!"

Amanda swung over on the far side of the bed to make room for the two pussies and the fun and games that were sure to ensue. Tammy steered Kenna down flat on her back beside her. In no time at all, Tammy was crouched between Kenna's silky thighs, her hands sliding beneath the cute red-head's ass cheeks, cuddling and squeezing.

"You kiss her and play with her tits, Amanda, you sweet fox!" Tammy suggested between pussy-slurps.

But, busy licking up Kenna's cream, her instructions were slow and very unnecessary! 

Amanda twiddled her twat, only waiting for Tammy's pussy-licking show to open. As Tammy brought her lips down again to Kenna's fragrant, red-bushed pussy, Amanda slithered her hot body next to Kenna's, shoved her boobs higher and had suck-fun with each of her pink, tasty nipples that Tammy had already hardened and wetted.

Inserting her tongue-tip between Kenna's juicy pussy-lips, Tammy dreamily continued one of the things she loved best-nibbling fresh cunt!

Dip, dip, suck! Kenna purred and moaned! Her tingling crotch curled upward, her smooth thighs spread farther. Amanda now had her mouth clamped to Kenna's sweet lips, their tongues were snaking back and forth. Tammy stroked her tongue deeper, harder, faster into Kenna's pulsing pussy and her louder shrieks were muffled into Amanda's sweet mouth, her pretty tits firm in Amanda's squeezing hands.

Now Tammy fit her lips around Kenna's girlie bud, a mighty nice prominent clitty, hard, throbbing, slimy with delicious girlie-honey and gave it a long, lingering, luscious lick, beginning the teasing game that would bring the young brunette to her peak of erotic delight.

Tammy sucked, licked, sucked. Blew on Kenna's clitty, then sucked it again! Kenna spiraled higher! Her legs began to shake and kick. Her ass wriggled.

"Oh, it's sooooo goood, Tammy!" she whined. "Uhhhh! Ohhh, I love it, fuckin' love it! F-u-u-u-u-ck!" She pawed and tore at Tammy's hair and gave her face a ride as she bucked her ass furiously! "Kiss me more, Amanda-girl!" she yelled.

Once Kenna had her thrills, wriggled and screamed through a couple of big cums, the three women lay quietly for a bit, hugging and kissing. Tammy, who'd wiggled in-between her two pussies, got most of the kisses, some from Kenna, some from Amanda but the waitress and the receptionist found lots of time to lean across Tammy and play with her tits while giving each other sweet, hot kisses too.

All this kissing served to keep the women's cunts steaming hot, on high-alert, twitching on hair-trigger!

Soon, oozing desire motivated the women to rearrange their bodies. A little wriggling on the comfy, cozy bed and there was soon a circle of female bodies. Mouth to cunt, mouth to cunt, mouth to cunt.

Tammy Rogers had already had the dreamy pleasure of sucking the very hot cunts of both Amanda and Kenna this afternoon - well, it was early evening by now - so she really had no preference to which pussy she loved up next. Over many years of bedding many, many women and girls, Tammy had long-since learned that every girl's cunt was a little different and gushed out different amounts of cream, some sweeter than others, some tangier. But she'd never met one she didn't love! In fact, to Tammy, one of the most exquisite pleasures of her promiscuous life-style was discovering new pussy, like, for instance, Amanda, and then savoring everything her sweet pussy had to offer! Comparing her cums and sweet juice to all the other cunts!

But, her two present bed-mates had definite preferences right now. Amanda was dearly wanting to taste the red-head's cunt and Kenna was shivering in anticipation, panting and drooling to get her mouth on the sweet pussy of the sexy waitress.

Unfortunately, they couldn't lick each other's pussies without leaving Tammy out. But they also realized that before this pussy-fest was over there would be ample time to sample all the sweet girl-cream available. No cunt was going to go un-licked by anyone during this pussy-fest!

So the young babes didn't waste time arguing. Amanda and Kenna just kissed and dove into the daisy-chain! The horny women started out with Tammy sucking Kenna, Kenna sucking Amanda and Amanda cunt-sucking Tammy. Once all three women had gotten their bell rung that way, they swapped it around and Amanda, at long last, got to savor the tasty-treat that was Kenna's pulsing pussy while Tammy sucked her off and the lush red-head licked up the sweet gushings her boss, Tammy, drooled out for her to lick up.
