 It was Friday night and I was home alone for a change. My older sister had moved out to her own place and my parents were out for the evening with friends so I had the run of the house to myself. I wandered from room to room, bored. There was nothing on television – even the premium channels were repeats of things I'd seen at the theaters. I walked into Ali's old bedroom and looked around. The furniture was still there; she'd moved into a furnished place. The closet door was agape, showing the empty closet rod and shelves. From my vantage point across the room, I could barely discern the corner of something in the very back of the highest shelf. Curious, I moved the chair from the vanity over to the closet, climbed up, and reached into the back of the closet shelf.

It was a video tape. It didn't have any kind of label on it to say what was on it. The only indication something was recorded on the tape was the broken write-protect tab. I took the tape into my room and pushed into my VCR. I sat down on the edge of my bed and turned on the TV, then pressed PLAY on the remote control. The volume was turned way down but I could still hear the cheesy background music. Obviously, very low budget. A list of actresses I'd never heard of scrolled across the screen as a city skyline was shown. Obviously Los Angeles in a light smog day. The scene shifted to a woman's bedroom. There was the sound of a shower running, then being turned off. Moments later, this stunning brunette come on screen wrapped in a large towel, her breasts spilling over the top of the towel as a few wet tendrils of hair framed her head. She sat down in front of a mirrored vanity and, using the towel she'd just pulled away from her body, preceded to dry her hair. Her freed breasts bounced in the mirror as she rubbed her hair dry and then began to brush her hair out. Next she very carefully applied her makeup (not that she needed much) and then stood, facing the camera as she moved away from the vanity. She was completely shaved, her pubes as bare as a six-year-olds.

This was obviously not a regular movie; it had to be a porn flick. Fascinated I settled back against the headboard of my bed to watch as the woman an screen slowly put on thigh-high stockings and a black lace garter belt, a very sheer black lace thong, and a miniskirt. Still topless she put on high heeled shoes. "Oh, puh-leese!" I thought, as the movie progressed. "Like any woman would put her shoes on before even putting on her bra!" A black lace demi-bra and sleeveless top soon covered the rest of her magnificent body and she moved out the door of her room.

A shift of the scene had the woman joining her girlfriends at a local bar. After about ten minutes of typical bar scene action, with men hitting on them like clockwork using trite lines from the dark ages, the woman and an equally stunning redhead left the bar. The woman staggered as if she'd had too much to drink so the redhead decides to take her back to the redhead's apartment since she's too drunk to go home alone. Once there, she helps the woman to the sofa, then returns with a pair of filled wine glasses. I was shaking my head at the stupidity of the plot, but my attention was riveted when the redhead leaned forward and kissed the woman.

I'd never seen a woman kiss another woman before. Oh, I knew about such things from Ali – after all, Ali had come out about a year before and there had been a lot of fighting between her and my father about her gay life style. I knew intellectually what it meant and had imagined it, but this was something more concrete. The woman responded to the redhead's kiss, her mouth opening and their tongues caressing. I found myself responding to the scene on the screen. As the redhead moved her lips down the brunette's neck, her hands sliding the shirt and bra straps aside, baring the brunette's breasts to her lips, my own hands crept inside my shirt to squeeze my sensitive nipples. What would it be like to have someone touching them, kissing them, sucking them, and biting them? My own touch sent sparks around inside me, kindling a fire in my pussy. I watched the brunette's face as she held the redhead's mouth against her breasts, her eyes closed, mouth partially open, head shaking from side to side.

I could see the redhead's hand slowly move under the brunettes short skirt, pulling the skirt higher and higher until she was completely exposed. The redhead trailed her fingers over the lacy thong and then pressed down on the brunette's pussy. My hand was now under the waistband of my shorts and my fingers were slipping between my lower lips. I was wet, my touch making that inner fire burn even hotter. The redhead pulled the brunette to her feet and slowly undressed her, leaving only the stockings and garter belt. She led the brunette to the bed and then quickly undressed herself. "Wow! A natural redhead" I thought as the matching pubic thatch shown in the lighting. She moved aside the brunette, stroking her breasts and then bending her head down between her thighs. The camera moved in for a close up of the action. I could see each stroke of the redhead's tongue as she licked the brunette's slit. The brunette's clit soon stood rigid above its protective hood and the redhead wasted no time in closing in on the sensitive target. My own fingers rubbed furiously at my clit as the redhead sucked and licked the brunette's clit, her fingers buried inside the brunette's pussy, pumping in and out. My own fingers matched their tempo. The brunette's breathing was now very ragged and so was mine. The camera closed in again and I watched as the redhead slipped one finger out of the brunette's pussy and moved it down and back. "She's going to…" I thought as the redhead slid that slippery finger slowly into the brunette's rectum. The brunette arched her back. "Did it hurt?" I wondered briefly until I realized the brunette was having an orgasm. I took my own finger and traced back to my own anus. It was so sensitive and just the pressure of my fingertip in the center was enough to make me cum.

I lay there dazed, overwhelmed by what I had just experienced. If I could make myself feel this way, how much more intense would it be if someone else was doing it to me. No one had ever touched me since I had passed puberty. Oh some boys had wanted to but I had never let them. Perhaps now … no, I still thought boys were gross. 

I watched more of the movie as the two women went through several permutations. I was surprised by the use of artificial penises, especially the one that the redhead strapped about her hips and pounded away at the brunette. How could that be comfortable? Especially something so big. I wanted to know how it would feel to have something inside me like that but what could I use? I considered several things in the kitchen (cucumbers would be too big and carrots too pointy…and how could I ever eat one ever again?) before I decided on my hair brush. The handle looked about the size.

I dashed into my bathroom and found my hairbrush. Remembering something I'd seen in the video, I also went into my parent's bathroom and found a jar of Vaseline. Returning to my bedroom, I stripped off all my clothes and lay down to watch some more of the video, my fingers teasing my throbbing clit. On screen, another character had entered the film. This was another woman, her head covered by a leather hood. Her hands were cuffed outstretched as were her legs. The small tuft of hair indicated that she was a blonde. The redhead slapped and spanked her, using a variety of whips and quirts. Clamps on nipples. 

"Too weird" I thought as I fast forwarded, the action on the screen almost comical in its frenetic pace. The hood was removed from the blonde and I paused the tape, stunned by what I saw. It was my sister. I watched as the redhead "made" my sister lick the brunette's pussy and ass. My sister was bent over, her head between the brunette's thighs, when the redhead pushed the strap-on dildo up my sister's ass.

As the action progressed, I coated the handle of my hairbrush with the Vaseline and slowly, gingerly, pushed it against my tight anus. Suddenly the ring relaxed and the handle slipped inside about an inch. It was both uncomfortable and yet exciting. I moved the handle slowly in deeper and then back out, finally moving at the same pace as the dildo pummeling my sister's ass on the screen. My fingers from my other hand were busy on my clit and I rocketed closer and closer to another orgasm. We came together, her on tape and me in reality, the brush buried deep in my ass and my fingers far up my tight pussy.

Shakily, I pulled the brush from my backside and slowly walked to the bathroom. I sat on the commode and peed, then carefully wiped myself. No blood, but too much Vaseline to easily wipe off. I removed as much as I could with the toilet paper, then climbed into the shower. The soothing hot water made me relax even further so, once clean and dry, I put on a T-shirt and pair of panties and climbed into bed. I watched a bit more of the video then shut off the machine. My sister was certainly hot but I never suspected this dark side to her nature. I put the video between my mattress and springs to keep my Mom from finding it, turned out the light, and drifted to sleep.

* * * * *

Constructive comments are welcome; bigoted comments need not be sent. I will reply to all comments that include an email address. Oh, and in my opinion, people who make destructive or nasty comments anonymously are cowards.