 "Swim a little closer, honey," Renita Eadie said to Kimmy Hopkins. "I want to feel your pussy!"

"Right on, sexy!" Kim answered, with a wide grin, swimming gracefully, closing the distance between them. "But can't we just swim and enjoy the water a while, first?" She lowered her head so that Renita couldn't see the look on her face. As if Renita, after fucking sweet Kim many times now, would ever believe that the pussy-loving real-estate girl was more interested in swimming than fucking!

"Baby-doll, you excite me so much I can't keep my hands off you!" Renita smiled, one hand smoothly gliding through the water straight to Kim's panty-hugged cunt. "You've made me wait several days for this, you bad girl. Thinking of you and your pussy has been driving me out of my mind! You're a sexy fox, but a teasing wench, aren't you, Kimberly Hopkins?" 

Renita grinned. Sure, being in the pool, the cunt she was gripping was obviously very wet. The reason she was grinning was that she knew from previous fuck-sessions with Kim that her cunt gushed so much cream when aroused, that even out of the pool, sometimes when she cuddled Kim's pussy, it was no less wet!

Grinning, licking her lips in an attempt to excite the sexy older woman in the pool with her even more, Kim opened her thighs and shivered as she enjoyed the skilled caresses of the eager Renita. Mouth watering, she reached out, lowered Renita's bikini halter and began fondling the wealthy woman's sloping tits. As she remembered, Renita had a lovely pair! Capped beautifully by a set of big, pink nipples, surrounded beautifully by huge, bumpy, darker aureola. And Kimmy was bringing them out, full measure! 

Renita's nipples were also a real tasty treat and Kim leaned in and helped herself to some luscious sucks causing Renita to arch her back and moan. Her finger action in Kimmy's tantalizing twat escalated!

Renita's two maids, Maria and Tanya, rested in deck chairs in the shade, at the pool rim, watching with interest the action in the water. Several days had gone by since their last pussy bash. Kim Hopkins had come out today with a prospective customer and given the man a complete tour of the big mansion. The man's eyes had nearly bugged out of his head at the sight of bikinied Maria and Tanya frolicking together in the pool! But this was not this guy's day. Not enough cash to buy the mansion and Renita let him know, in no uncertain terms, that her estate was a pussy-playground only. Frustrated, the man asked to leave. When Kim said she'd drive him back to his car, Renita, horny for another go at Kim's sweet cunt, had insisted on giving the man money for a taxi. She reckoned that Kim would hurry right back, in any case, but, she figured, why waste the time? Kim was either a really busy girl or was playing very hard-to-get because she'd resisted all Renita's attempts, since her first visit, to lure her into more bedroom frolics!

In reality, Kim was indeed playing a little hard-to-get. She knew from pillow talk with both Maria and Tanya - not there had been that much talking done with those two sex-fiends! - that Renita seemed to tire, fairly quickly, of the same pussy and was constantly on the search for more new cunt to conquer. Kim had big plans to milk her relationship with the rich bitch and so, as good as Renita was in the sack, she resisted giving in to her - not to mention giving in to her horny pussy which was crying out for more of Renita's kind of attention. 

Kimmy Hopkins was a gorgeous woman and a skilled lesbian lover so she rarely lacked for pussy-action in any case. Always leave 'em wanting more, was her motto. That is, those lucky pussies that she had designated for a return bout. This applied even more to wealthy woman, with lots of real estate to sell and buy, such as Renita Eadie. 

Today, though, all bets were off. She'd already forced Renita to wait for it. She'd terribly annoyed her own pussy, denying her impatient cunt the action it craved with the rich widow! So, once the taxi Maria had called, had left with the unlucky man, Renita had absolutely no problem enticing Kimmy to don a bikini and dive into the pool with her. At any rate, they both started out with bikinis. A silly formality really, but Renita did enjoy unwrapping her treats and afforded any pussy she was with the same fun!

"Did you ever get off in the water?" Renita asked with a sly smile, drawing Kimmy's bikini panty slowly down and teasing her clitty, leaning in for a kiss.

"Uhhh, nooo, babe, but it sure sounds exciting!" Kim bubbled, hunching against Renita's skilled caresses. Renita's turgid nipples had erected nicely from Kim's skilful ministrations and she had that sexy, glassy, I-want-pussy look in her dark, shiny eyes. The rich woman, in shallower water than Kim, gave her play-mate another kiss, then straightened up, her awesome boobs cleared the surface of the water, and she waved them in Kim's playful fingers.

Excited, Kimmy bounced them and squeezed them and covered the gorgeous tits with kisses! "Woman, you really got 'em!" she exclaimed, when her mouth wasn't full of nipple.

Renita chuckled. Of course she had 'em! And, of course, she knew it!

At that instant, Kim felt a long finger invade her tingling cunt, then another one! She hunched at the skillful digits, feeling Renita's expert thumb massaging her clitty. She wiggled her hips, assisting Renita's finger-play. In turn, Renita wiggled her fingers faster, curving them upwards, stroking, stroking, searching for, then finding, Kimmy's special spot! Kim wiggled her hips some more and tensed her cunt. Renita could feel Kim's talented pussy clutch at her fingers! Honeyed thrills inched outward from her pulsing, pounding pussy! Kim could feel the shivers going down her thighs and inching up too, causing flutters in her tummy!

"Having fun, you two?" Maria laughed. "Kim, there, looks like she's ready to bang out a boomer!"

"I'm gonna get her off, big time, send her to dreamland, out here in the water, girls," Renita answered. "Why don't you two sexy babes join us?"

"I thought you'd never ask!" Tanya said, rising from the deck chair and stretching kitten-like. Her bikini was almost nothing, and Kim's sugary tremors increased as she enjoyed the sensational view of the blonde's leggy beauty. Tanya dived cleanly into the cool water and surfaced right behind Kim.

Sliding her arms around Kimmy, the blonde cupped her tits and began to tease her nipples. The combination of Renita's finger-fucking and Tanya's titty play was totally delicious!

"Come on, Kimmy, get your kicks!" Tanya whispered in Kim's ear, nibbling at her lobe. "Boom us out a big one!"

She tightened her grip on Kim's boobs, pulled them high, then dropped them, chuckling as they made a splash when they hit the water. She immediately cuddled them lovingly again, kneading the mounds, tweaking the nipples and Kim felt Tanya's crotch press into her ass! The hot, horny blonde began thrusting and wriggling her cunt against Kim's luscious bottom, pleasuring herself and increasing Kimmy's thrills big time!

Meanwhile, Renita was doing her best, which was a lot, with Kim's heated cunt, slow pokes, then fast ones, then more clittie touches, then more G-spot stroking. She had her girl just shivering and shuddering! Suddenly, thrillingly, Kimmy rocketed up, taking the joyous ride to her crest, and at that instant, experienced Renita, knowing Kimmy was about to get her goodies, knew she could multiply the girl's thrills. She ducked beneath the water and fastened her mouth around her quaking, cumming cunt. Her tongue swirled swiftly, in and out of one tasty treat! Kim cried out, screamed, her titties bulged in Tanya's eager hands and she felt the sweet orgasmic pulses dart like lightning through her loins as her clit throbbed and pulsed. Rivers of creamy girl-cum oozed into the warm pool water.

"Ohhhhh!" Kim whimpered, "Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck!" She was furiously hunching her box at Renita's snaky tongue and hot mouth. Sadly, pleasure that intense couldn't last forever and nearly as quickly as that beautiful mouth had settled on her pussy, it came away and Renita burst through the watery surface, spurting water from her mouth, gasping for air. She'd loved sucking Kim's pussy, didn't wanna leave the pleasures, but a woman has to breath, doesn't she? 

But she didn't leave Kimmy's pussy lonely! Renita's skillful hand swiftly replaced her mouth, jiggling and tickling and Kimmy rode more waves of pure, sugary pleasure as she fired the next stage of her rocket and joyfully blasted off again!

Poor Tanya. Good grip on Kimmy's boobs or not, the luscious blonde had a hard time clinging to the wailing, shaking Kim. "Oh, you, babe, you! You really know how to bang out a cum, don't you, honey!" Tanya whispered hotly in her ear, furiously landing hot kisses all over any parts of Kimmy's shivering body she could reach and were not underwater! 

"Well, hot-damn, it sure happened fast!" Kim gasped, panting, savouring the sweet twinges of aftermath cum-thrills still jerking up and down her bod.

Tanya's hot tongue was playing again in Kim's ear. "Yeah, you got one hot, hair-trigger cunt!" she whispered. "Kimmy-babe, your pussy's a real fuckin' cum-machine, isn't it, doll! I can't wait for my turn to love it up with my mouth!"

"Whew, I was out of breath!" Renita laughed. She squeezed Kim's cunt, transmitting even more thrills to the ready-to-collapse, Kim. "Now, baby, wasn't that funnn?"

'You know it, doll!" Kim giggled, feeling a new surge of buoyancy. Cumming off in the warm pool water was indeed a novel experience!

"Now, let's go inside and dream up some new pussy games," Renita said, swimming toward the chrome ladder that curled over the rim of the pool.

Kim followed, slowly. She needed a few moments to recover from her goodie trip. Moments later all four were in the big rec room, their bikinis discarded along the way.

Blonde, sexy Tanya moved into her position behind the bar, Renita ordered martinis and the women all chuckled and stared at her perky boobies jiggling as she shook the drinks in the shiny shaker. 

Maria, who'd sat out the pool fun, plunked her sweet ass on a stool at Kimmy's right, and reached over to cuddle her breasts.

"Oh, woman, these are magnificent, honey!" Maria complimented. "Renita, please let me give Kimmy a go!"

Renita chuckled. "Fuck, babe, I'm hooked on her pussy but I don't own her! You and her got it on at the last pussy-party, did you not? But right now, I've got a little pussy-game in mind for you sexy wenches!"

"Oooh, I just can't wait to hear what your pervert mind has dreamed up there, baby, I mean, boss!" Tanya exclaimed, her pretty tits still jiggling enticingly as she stirred still more gin and vermouth in the large silver shaker. The hot blonde was turning the rather mundane task of mixing of a pitcher of martinis into a real sexy art-form! She had a rapt and enthusiastic audience.

Tanya had high hopes of parlaying her job with Renita, along with her pussy-skills into a real long-term arrangement, negating the necessity of finding, you know, a real job. But she reflected, watching the horny women, watching her, that if things went sour with Renita, she knew a nice lezzy bar that liked to hire performers to entertain their pretty much all-girl clientele. Smiling as she stirred, making sure her titties were bobbling for the girls, Tanya decided she'd be good at that!

"I'm going to stretch out on the couch over there," Renita answered Tanya, waving at a low sofa. "And you three sweet pussy-babies are gonna take turns with my cunt and see which one of you sends me over the top first! No rules! You can eat my pussy, you can use your own cunt to give me sweet pussy-rubs, there are vibrators and even a strap-on in the drawer next to Tanya. Of course," she smiled sweetly, "when any one of you is doing their things with my pussy, anyone else can sit on my face and feed me some sweet cunt too!"

Kimmy was intrigued with Renita's proposal, but she also remembered Maria's desire for a session with her. The glorious Hispanic maid was certainly worth a romp and she and Maria had taken a memorable rocket-ride the last time she'd been here. She leaned over and captured Maria's thick, lush lips with her own, savouring the sparkly pink lip-gloss Maria had chosen to wear today. Which, by the way, looked sensational on her, given her black hair and dark complexion.

"Baby, there is really not much I'd rather do than fuck with you, but I'm still sailing from my boomer cum in the pool." She was whispering into Maria's lips, that is, when Maria's agile tongue let her form words. Kimmy stopped trying to talk for a moment to concentrate on the kiss - kissing Maria really was worth forgoing much!

When Maria finally relinquished her tongue, Kim whispered again, "Sweetie, how 'bout I take first shot at blowing Renita's mind along with her pussy, you can go next and then while sweet blondie over there is giving our hostess some of her kinda cunt-action, you and I can hook up for a real swingin' time! My clittie won't be quite so sensitive then and you can really go to town on my twat!"

Maria nodded, then removing one hand briefly from Kimmy's boob, she gathered a handful of Kim's hair, pulled her head tighter to her's and captured her sweet lips and tongue again in a pleasurable entanglement. Knowing Kim was not likely to shy away from these sweet kisses, Maria released her hair and went back to boob-cuddling! Kim was feeling her passion climbing again. She was ready to say to heck with Renita, and drag the sexy Maria away for a private session when they were interrupted. 

Finally, the chilled glasses were ready for Tanya's cocktails. Having lost part of her audience with Maria and Kimmy busy kissing, she cut short her prolonged watch-me-mix-the-drinks act and she handed each woman their martini.

On the couch, Renita took a sip. "The chick who pops me first wins a thousand bucks!" she announced. "That should give you pussy-hounds some extra incentive to really hand out the thrills to this old broad!"

Everyone sipped and laughed. Tanya's martinis were delicious. Renita kept only the best in booze and Tanya had found some really expensive English gin, ninety proof, and it wouldn't take many of these martinis to get this pussy-bash rockin' and rollin'. Especially with four hot-to-trot horny women all eager to pussy play with each other!

Truth be told, at this moment in time, Kim was much more interested in the commission she'd get when she sold this huge spread, than in Renita's incentive-game, but, what the hell, a grand for sucking cunt wouldn't be hard to take! She'd been doing it all her life for free! Her eyes gleamed, her libido soared! The smokin' hot cunt of sexy Renita was drooling and waiting!

Kimmy finished her cocktail first, and wriggled over to the couch. She took Renita's glass from her hand and leaned down to give her kisses.

Tanya and Maria started a kiss-fest of their own! Tanya's pretty thighs opened, her perky little tits pushed forward, begging for Maria's attentions. Which weren't that hard to get!

"Let's have some fun, Maria!" Tanya giggled, "while Kimmy sucks on the boss! I bet we can have a ball!"

"Neat-o, sexy!" Maria answered, moving her right hand down to the blonde's crotch, finding it already pleasantly warm and wet.

Tanya chuckled and half turned, tipping her cunt up for easy playing. Trembling, Maria fondled the dainty soft pussy and their mouths came together. Tongues coiling and writhing, they exchanged caresses, Tanya's right hand seeking and now finding Maria's itchy cunt.

The gin was hitting Maria, she played with the blonde's cunt very boldly. Up and down the silky crevice, around the clitoris, back lower again, and finally she pushed a finger into the oozy pussy.

"Uhhhh, uhhhh, ohhhh!" Tanya whined, keeping her lips where Maria could kiss and nibble them. The mutual fondlings went on and on.

Meantime, Kimmy and Renita were cuddled together on the couch. They had arms wrapped around each other, stroking each other's hair and back, and were exchanging kisses passionately.

Opening her eyes just a crack, peeking around Renita's head, without barely stopping the kisses, Kim could see Maria and Tanya lip-locked also! The two maids were fingering each other's pussies and, from the looks of things, Maria had forgotten her desire to bed down with Kim. Not offended, Kim went back to putting all her efforts into kissing Renita, reflecting that a blonde as tempting as Tanya could sway the desires of any pussy-loving female.

'Oh well,' Kim thought, 'fuck it! I can have pussy-fun with Maria later! Maybe I should just earn myself a grand, right here!'

As horny a woman as Renita was, she didn't cum off as easily as the younger girls, surprisingly to Kim. But Kim was always confident of her cunt-skills. Now, where did Renita say that strap-on was?!

Kim had to wrestle hard to get out of Renita's warm embraces. She stood, but bent down, giving Renita's pussy a cozy cuddle and a wet kiss and lick. "Mmmmmm" Kim told her, "Delicious, baby, just freakin' scrumptious! So don't you move now! I'll be right back and when I am, you're gonna be glad I am!"

Totally caught up in their own pleasures, moaning, eyes closed, mouths locked together, titties cuddled together, woman-handling each other's pussies, Maria and Tanya did not notice when Kim tip-toed past them and found a luxurious strap-on cock in a drawer behind the bar.

Sneaking again past the now-climaxing maids, their cum-cries music to her ears, Kim returned to the couch, surprised to find Renita, rather than playing with her own pussy, was just sipping on her martini.

Draining her cocktail, she chuckled at Kim. "What? You think I gonna help any of you to my thousand dollars? If one of you make me cum, you'll have earned it, baby-cakes! Of course, you being first, Kim, have the hardest challenge, don't you, doll-face? If you don't ring my bell, those other two pussy-players will have that much easier of a time, beings as you will have heated me up real good, I'm sure!" She smiled at Kim, mischievously. "Won't they now, dear?" She held out her arms to Kimmy.

Setting the strap-on down, close by to be sure, to be handy, Kim slithered down into the older woman's hot embrace and melted her body against Renita's glorious nakedness. Their hands clutched each other's hair and their lips came together.

Wriggling, shaking her ass, Kim, as she kissed, still managed to cream her cunt against Renita's. Both their pussies had been drooling hot juice so they snuggled, wetly, warmly together, pussy-flaps entangled.

So creamy slick were their pussies, there was absolutely no friction. The cunt-fur of each women was soaked, so Kim had no trouble at all sliding her pussy up and down, giving Renita delicious cunt-rubs!

At the same time, she jerked her lips from Renita's and lowered her head between her titties, using her hands to rub a boob on each side of her face, before she kissed up the smoothness of one boob to capture its tingling tittie-peak in her mouth.

Renita was moaning and rockin' and rollin' now, fucking back, moving her ass on the couch so her cunt was sliding right along, mashed against Kimmy's. Her nipples were in Kim's mouth, first one, then the other. Kim was squeezing her titties hard to keep the tit-peaks poked right out there for easy sucking!

Kim was chuckling, enjoying the fuck, really confident, judging by Renita's wriggling body and the wailing sounds that became louder and louder coming from the woman, that she could win the grand right here and now! By just keeping doing what she was doing.

But it had been awhile since she'd handed out any strap-on action and she wondered how long it had been since the sexy Renita had been on the receiving end of any. She wondered if any woman had ever dildo-fucked Renita as good as she knew she could!
