 I didn't actually want to do it, but the need for revenge was so sharp. Robert had left me for an eighteen year old after twenty-three years of marriage, making me feel like a worthless used up old hag. I had no choice, I had to make him suffer the way he had me.

He told me he was in love with her and I knew he wasn't lying because when he talked about this 'Jennifer' he had the same dreamy look in his eyes that he used to have when we first met. Well, I'd show him. I'd make him know what it felt like to have your heart ripped out of your chest and stamped on right in front of your face, and if I had to do something a little out of my comfort zone to do that, then the means more than justified the ends.

So, here I was, a fort-four year old plying a teenager with drink while sticking to soft ones myself, and trying not to think about all the things I needed to do to make her sorry for what she and Robert had done to me...except she was so beautiful, and so easy to talk to...and...

'Can I please stay at your place, Emma? I can't go home drunk, Robert hates me when I'm drunk.' Of course I agreed immediately, I knew how much Robert hated drink. His father had been a violent alcoholic and he hadn't allowed one drop of alcohol to pass my lips for the whole of our marriage. Twenty minutes later we were sat on my sofa, the same sofa I used to sit on with Robert, be kissed by on by Robert, to be royally screwed on by Robert, but Jennifer didn't know that. Perhaps I would tell her in the morning...

'I'm so glad we met,' Jennifer gushed in full drunk 'your my best friend, you are' mode, 'you listen to me. I like having you as a friend.' She lent over to plant a sloppy kiss on my cheek and placed a hand high up my thigh as she did so a funny and unexpected thing happened between my legs. I started to tingle. I shook my head to try and rid myself of the sensation but it stayed, so I ignored it and went to phase two of my plan.

I took her upstairs to my, sorry, mine and Robert's bedroom and stripped her down to her black, silken underwear. I wasn't a lesbian, but God, she looked good. I noticed the tingle again, stronger this time and harder to ignore. Was I actually getting turned on by this whore who had ruined my life? No of course not, I reasoned, I was just getting carried away with the plan. Lost in the moment, as it were, but still...

She fell onto the bed and I rolled her over on to her front. I qickly ran to the corner of the room and switched on the waiting hidden camera, getting ready to move onto phase three.

'Do you want me to give you a massage, to help you sleep?' It was a perfectly reasonable request for someone who was just a 'friend' to make.

'Mmmm...'she moaned, so I stipped down to my own underwear, got on the bed and straddled her. The tingling strengthened as my crotch made contact with the small of her back and it slowly dawned on me that I was becoming sexually aroused.

Now this wasn't supposed to happen. The plan was to seduce the bitch my husband had discarded me for and send an e-mail of the film to all his co-workers with a short attatched note declaring how easy a slut she was. I wasn't supposed to like what I was doing, I just wanted to hurt him!

And anyway, Robert had never been able to make me feel as excited as this in all our time together, so how come she did? I didn't want to examine my feelings, I just wanted to get this over with, so I placed the palms of my hands on her smooth back and began to carress them gently across the surface.

'Mmmm...feels good,' she moaned, and I felt the first droplet of moisture leak from me.

'How about this?' I asked as I unclasped her bra and moved my hands down her sides and underneath her breasts.

'Yes,' she murmmered. I encountered her hard nipples and a thrill shot through my body.

'Do you like that, Jennifer? Do you like me feeling your titties?' I wanted to describe everything I was doing to her on film, just in case Robert couldn't quite see.

'Yes, I love it,' she said, louder this time.

I took one hand out from under her, the other still squeezing the bulbous mound rhytmically, and reached behind me to slide my fingers down her crack, over her panties. She parted her legs willingly, without any encouragement and I was quite surprised to find how wet she had become in such a short space of time. And then I looked down at my own panties and realised my own pussy juices were started to come at a steady flow.

'How about now Jennifer?' I asked again. 'Do you like me rubbing your cunt?'

'Yes, I love it,' she replied. 'Do it some more.' I slipped my fingers under the soaking fabric at her crotch and not so gently stroked her velvet lips before slipping two fingers roughly into her slit.

'I'm finger-fucking you Jennifer. What do you think about that?'

'It's amazing,' she replied, now starting to gasp in pleasure.

'Have you ever been finger-fucked by a woman before Jennifer?' I demanded.

'N...no,'

'Do you want me to do more to you?'

'Yes, please Emma.

'Good.' I removed my fingers and raised myself of her body.

'Roll over for me Jennifer,' She meekly obeyed. 'Good girl. Now undress us both completely.'

When we were both naked we sat facing each other on the bed, legs wide apart but pussies close together so my legs were lying on top of hers. She had sobered up quite a bit by now and with no encouragment from me, we had begun to mutual masturbate each other...and I was so fucking turned-on! No man had ever made me feel this good! I wanted to cum, to make Robert see us do this to each other, to show him how he could make a woman feel if he wasn't such a selfish lover (I knew from previous conversations with Jennifer that he didn't satisfy her either), but what I really wanted right now, at this very moment, was to feel my pussy full in a way it had never been before. Jennifer and I both had three fingers inside each other's sopping wet holes, but I wanted more.

'Copy me Jennifer,' I said between moans, placing my forth finger and then my thumb into her love canal. She did the same to me and I felt the pain of my pussy as it stretched, but I didn't stop her. I pushed further into her and she pushed further into me until our hands both dissapeared into soft, yielding flesh. We both began to twist our fists and...unnghhh!!! My orgasm exploded through my body and as I arched my back in ectasy. Moments later Jennifer came with sticky sweetness all over my wrist. I watched her young, lithe body buck and shake as hockwave after shockwave crashed over me. I knew I would crave that stuffed feeling again and again from now on.

We pulled our hands out and I immediately fell on her and began to kiss her passionately, eager not to break the spell and just as eager to prolong this unexpected heaven. I pushed my tongue into her waiting mouth, licking and tasting every curve inside, wanting her to become excited again.

'I'm going to taste your pussy next Jennifer. Would you like that, would you like me to eat you?' She just nodded eagerly, unable to speak.

I spun so I was lying on top of her, head to toe. I spread my legs over her face and she lifted her head and began to lick my sore pussy lips. My engorged clit was being sucked into her mouth before I even lowered my head to find hers. This time the release was slower, but just as devastating, and I realised what I had a unleashed in myself. A lesbian. A pussy-loving, clit-licking lesbian. I didn't want cock in my mouth anymore, I just wanted pussy. Hot, juicy, sexy pussy. And I wanted it all the time.

I had started this thing to hurt the people who had hurt me, and indeed when I sent out the e-mails that was exactly what I did do, but in the end I had liberated myself and discovered that the taste of revenge was indeed sweet, as sweet as pussy...