 My name is Amy Cotter and this is what happened on my last day at school.

I took a deep breath and looked at myself the mirror. On any other school day I'd be wearing a very different set of clothes. The school code of conduct stated that all pupils should wear a uniform consisting of a white shirt or blouse and either black or grey trousers or a knee length black or grey pleated skirt. It was ok to wear a plain black sweater as well. Normally I'd have my black school trousers on with a pair of trainers and a baggy long sleeved white shirt, I'd have my long red hair tied in a ponytail which I'd shove down the back of my coat and very little make up. I never bothered with much in the way of lipstick and blusher, I don't mean to be boastful but I do believe I'm an attractive young woman. So that would be all, it rarely took more than ten minutes for me to get dressed, make myself look somewhat appealing, and be out of the door on a school day. Today was very different though.

It was in fact the last day of school, at 3pm that afternoon I would no longer be a pupil at Hamilton Community School, there was an option for us to actually stay on for another year after today, all the people that chose to do so would be put in a single class and get the best tutors for a few days a week, but I had no intention of doing so. I would be a free woman, and I'd craved for school to end for so long but not for the usual reasons. Sure I wanted to be free, I was 18 years old and itching to see the real world but there was another reason. The last day of school would be my first, and last, chance to finally confess my love to the person that had dominated my thoughts and fantasies for the last four years; my English teacher Miss Sullivan.

Being head over heels in love with Miss Charlene Sullivan presented two problems for me, firstly there's the fact that she's a woman and I didn't know for sure if she liked girls in that way, although I did, however, have a reason to think that she might be.

About a year ago I'd seen her in the parking lot behind the school with an attractive woman. I kept watching, or more accurately spying, on them and realised they were holding hands as they walked towards Charlene's car, then, just as she opened the car door they actually kissed each other on the lips! It didn't look like a particularly long or intimate kiss from where I had been standing but it did look to me like there was quite a bit of feeling there.

After the kiss ended Charlene and the mystery woman got into the car and drove away, my imagination was rife with sordid fantasies about what they got up to afterwards. Of course I could have read the situation entirely wrong, it might have been just a close friend or anything, time had jaded my memory and it was hard remembering exactly how intimate the kiss had been. That, however, was my one and only bit of encouragement I could take into today's attempt.

My second problem was that she is my English teacher, so even if she did like girls and I was able to seduce her nothing could come of it because it would be illegal, even though I was above the age of consent she would get into a lot of trouble and most likely lose her job.

However, after 3pm I would no longer be her pupil. I still had no idea if she would react badly or not but I had to try, if I didn't I'd hate myself forever. Every day at school I'd listened to her beautiful voice as she called out the class register in a morning (she's also my class' main form tutor.) During English classes I'd watch every movement she made, when she spoke to our class or read through whatever book we were studying at the time I'd dreamily let her voice travel through me and focus on her lips, every little curvature seemed to be intensely erotic to me, often the actual words escaped me and I rarely took notice of what she was actually saying.

What really made my heart flutter was her smile; it would light up even the darkest room, many nights I had laid in my bed imagining kissing her smiling lips and running my fingers through her short blonde hair. I wanted to taste her mouth and feel her warm tongue rub against mine, I yearned to run my tongue over her beautiful lips, would she keep smiling while I did it? Would she give out a contented sigh if I kissed my way up her neck and pulled her tightly against my body, our breasts pushing together and my knee rising up between her thighs...?

A knock on the bathroom door followed by a voice brought me crashing back to earth.

"Are you gonna be much longer in there? I want to use the shower when you've done!"

"I won't be long Becky," I shouted back through the door. "I'm just finishing my hair, should be about five minutes."

"Ok, I've put the kettle on!" Becky shouted back at me. "Call me when you're done."

Becky is my little sister, she's only 9 months younger than me but it's easy to tell that I'm the eldest, she's 5 feet and 3 inches tall and I'm closer to being 5 feet and 8 inches tall, so she's my little sister in every sense of the word. She would have to wait a little bit longer to use the bathroom though, I wanted to look as close to a supermodel as possible today, if I was to have any chance at all with Miss Sullivan I'd have to look at my very best, which was the main reason I was dressed in this new way.

As I mentioned before, Becky is my little sister, she wasn't at school today because her year group (the one below me) had broken up the day before, and so I'd been able to borrow some of her clothes. I ditched my normal baggy long sleeved white shirt in favour of Becky's short sleeved shirt. Of course it was smaller than my own shirt but not by a massive amount, Becky wore her clothes baggy as well. When I put it on and fastened it up the sleeves actually went right up to my shoulders with just a tiny bit of the material hanging over, it actually looked quite good. The shirt's length was the main issue; my breasts are slightly larger than Becky's, so it was pulled pretty tight. To help relieve the tightness I undid the top two buttons. As a result my cleavage was much more on show, I'd just about convinced myself wear the shirt like this but while I was checking it out in the mirror I realised how much my bra strap was standing out. It was like a thick ridge running across my back. I was about to discard the whole idea and put my usual shirt back on but something stopped me. This would be my only shot at this; it's difficult to convey just how much I needed this to work. I felt like my entire life hinged on this day, I was going to tell Charlene that I loved her and I needed her to see me as a grown woman, not as a silly school kid with a crush.

I had to make this extra effort, just this once, so I took the shirt off, discarded my bra, and then put the shirt back on. I undid a few buttons at the top and bottom so it looked a little more natural, the shirt parted at the bottom and showed off my navel, the hemline didn't even make it to the waistband of my skirt. Yes, today was the first time I'd actually wear a school skirt, and I'd be pushing the rules to the limit. My own, and still brand new, pleated skirt came down to my knees as the code of conduct demanded and that's what I was wearing. However, underneath the skirt I was also wearing Becky's skirt. I planned to wear the 'sensible' skirt to school and at some point during the day I'd sneakily take it off and put it in my school bag.

When I saw myself in Becky's little skirt I almost went straight to the drawer for some trousers but, once again, I knew it would only be this once and I had to look perfect. This one was different to mine; it was grey but didn't have any pleats so it was essentially a mini skirt. The hemline was about an inch or two below my buttocks and it clung tightly to my thighs, I have to admit though, it made me feel very sexy, I have pretty long legs and this skirt showed off almost every inch of them and every little movement I made caused it to ride up a little higher, I'd have to stay in my sensible skirt right up until the last minute, as soon as we were alone in the classroom I'd make the switch under the table.

I had some knee socks as well, I'd seen some girls at school wearing these kinds of socks with short skirts before and the effect they had on me was quite profound. A rumour went around that girls wearing those short skirts were given detentions for breaking the uniform code. I didn't allow myself to dwell on what other people would think about me though. If things went as planned the only person who would see me in this outfit would be Miss Sullivan herself.

Before getting dressed I'd gone in the shower and shaved my arms, legs and pubic hair. I didn't do it because I expected to be having sex with her, it was more to bolster my confidence and make me feel just a little more attractive. I brushed my hair down so it fell naturally around my shoulders and down my back. Finally, to finish the transformation I used some nice lipstick; it was liquid pink and made my lips look moist.

I looked at myself in the one more time mirror and took another deep breath, this was it. I was so nervous that I could see myself trembling in the mirror and a question kept ringing in my brain. What if she says no? What if she says no? What if...? I tried to ignore the incessant chanting in my head and pulled my jacket on and fastened it over my shirt (if my parents had seen the way my tits were out on show they wouldn't have let me leave!) I turned away from the mirror and left the bathroom. I had just enough time to drink the hot coffee my sister had made for me, then, with my heart in my mouth and my stomach in a knot, I got up and said bye to everyone.

"Have a good day," Mum shouted after me as I opened the door.

"I sure hope so," I whispered to myself as I grabbed my school bag and hung it on my shoulder.

What if...?

* * * * * * * * * * *

Every step I took on the way to school made me ever more nervous, it was quite windy outside and my hair was being blown all over the place, eventually I smoothed it down and tucked it into my jacket. The wind served as a constant reminder of why I never liked wearing skirts, the hemline of my sensible pleated skirt was being lifted and blown, it was like God was being pervy and using the wind to see up my skirt. I rounded the corner at the end of the street and suddenly became short of breath as my school came into view. It began to dawn on me that things were getting real, I was wearing the standard school uniform on top but underneath I was dressed like a whore. Could I really do this? Was it worth it? I slowed my pace and for the hundredth time that day I considered forgetting the whole thing.

"Amy? Hey Amy!"

I turned around and saw one of my friends approaching me. There are quite a few routes to get to the school but they all sort of converge on a single street, like many different streams flowing into the same river.

"Wait up!" she called. It was Kylie, we'd been friends since the first day of school, we always say next to each other when we were in the same lessons and we were often chastised by many teachers for messing around and giggling in the back of the class. You could say we were just the stereotypical schoolgirls. I forced a smile as I waited for her; it actually made me feel a little better knowing that I wouldn't have to walk there on my own. So my mind was finally made up, for now at least, I'd just go with the flow and see what happens.

"I wasn't sure it was you at first," Kylie said as she drew level with me. "Don't think I've ever seen you in a skirt before."

"I know, but my normal trousers weren't ready so I just threw this on," I lied. I couldn't tell her the truth of course.

We linked arms and chatted as we walked to school for the last time, I can't have been very good company because my mind was dead set on the day ahead and what might happen. I'd see Miss Sullivan in the morning for registration and again at 2pm for our final 'round up' with her. It was meant to be a sort of last minute advice session or something. Then, at 3pm, the final bell would go and we'd leave for the last time, that's when I would make my move on her.

We arrived in the classroom just before 9am and took our seats near the middle of the class, there were 3 rows of 5 tables and, looking forward from the teacher's big desk, we were on the right hand side and three tables up, I sat on the outside of the table and Kylie sat on the side closest to the wall. The reason I'd chosen this position was so I'd get an unobstructed view of the teacher and, more importantly, from her position she could see above and below the table, this meant she'd easily see my legs and my shirt without having to move. I knew this because a few days ago I'd sat in her chair and looked around to see where I'd best be able to show off my cleavage and my legs at the same time. I'd put a lot of thought into this whole set up, I just hoped it would be enough. As I sat down I pulled the hem of my skirt up and stretched my legs out under the table. That's when the door opened and Miss Charlene Sullivan breezed into the room.

She's around 5 feet and 11 inches tall although I guess about 3 inches of her height was down to her shoes which had pretty thick soles and heels. She was wearing a beautiful silky red shirt which showed off a bit of her chest but, of course, it wasn't showing any of her cleavage. Her breasts seemed quite small in that shirt but, as I'd never seen them in the flesh, I couldn't be totally sure on that. She also wore a long black skirt with a hemline that danced around her ankles as she walked; at first I was quite disappointed as I'd hoped to see her legs.

She has the most beautiful legs I've ever seen, I'd once seen her in a short gym skirt and I'd almost cum in my panties, I'd watched every move she'd made that day, every gust of wind or movement that even slightly raised the hemline was like a personal gift from God to me and it had made my pussy weep. It looked like today she'd gone conservative but then as she turned to face the class I saw that the skirt had quite a long slit up the right hand side, I got a brief flash of her exquisite thigh and my pussy immediately responded, please God let this be the day when everything goes right. I repeated the sordid prayer several times in my head as I watched her read out the names of each pupil, when it got to my name she turned to me and smiled that epic smile I loved so much.

"Amy Cotter," Miss Sullivan called just as she turned to me with that smile.

"Here," I responded. As I looked at her I noticed her eyes ever-so slightly look down, I was certain she'd looked at my legs! Just knowing that she'd seen me was enough to make my head spin again. Almost immediately after she'd read the last name on her list the bell went and everyone stood up and made their way out of the room.

I felt the hem of my skirt fall back around my knees as I slowly stood and made my way out, I glanced in her direction and almost drowned my panties. She was sat with her legs crossed and the slit on the skirt had fallen away to the sides of her legs, so I could see her bare legs right up to the tops of her thighs. Her head was turned away so I lingered there for a moment, enjoying the sight of her bare skin. It seemed that no one else had noticed because they were all heading straight for the door without a second glance. Oh how I yearned, ached, to reach out and feel her silky skin, to run my hand over her knee first, then stroke my way up and over her thigh before reaching between her legs and under what remained of her skirt. I never want to move from here, I wanted to stay and look at her, please just let this moment pass a little bit slower. Eventually she turned towards me; she saw me standing there and smiled at me.

"You look nice today Amy, I don't think I've ever seen you in a skirt," she said looking down at the hemline of my skirt.

"Oh, ummm, thank you, Miss," I replied with a goofy smile. "I guess I just felt like a change today, as it's the last day."

"Oh, I see," she said. "Well, if I had a figure and a pair of legs like you I'd want to show them off too." I must have gone bright red; I desperately wanted to tell her how good her legs were and how beautiful she was but the words wouldn't come.

"You'd better get off," (no shit) "Or you'll miss your lesson," she said. I nodded and smiled at her then I almost ran out the door! Oh my God she noticed me and she thinks my figure and legs are nice!

With this little confidence boost in the bag I hurried after Kylie.

"See you all later," Miss Sullivan called after us.

'What if...?'

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

The rest of the day passed in a sort of blurry dream, I couldn't focus on anything and I certainly couldn't confide in anyone. Kylie knew I was into girls but I think she thought it was some kind of teen phase, I knew better. I still liked guys but the thought of a man putting himself inside me was a real turn off, whenever I saw a porn movie or even when I heard people describing it to me it always seemed to be a little too invasive, most of my fantasies were centred around you-know-who.

At lunchtime I'd sat in the large dining room with Kylie as usual, it was a pretty big room full of noise, tables and heat from the kitchen. I wasn't eating anything, the sheer thought of swallowing something made me feel nauseous. It was like I was waiting for a massive examination or a hugely important job interview, all I could think about was how things were going to pan out and how I'd even begin to cope. It was this train of thought that got me thinking about the best case scenario, what if it all went well? What if, after the bell rang and the classroom was empty, I'd stand up with my tiny skirt and my newly discovered cleavage and stride towards her. She would open her mouth to speak and that's when I'd strike.

The second her lips parted I could push my tongue in between them; I'd taste the inside of her mouth, drawing her own tongue into my mouth so I could close my lips around it, sucking it. (I'd seen it a porn movie a few days ago and it had appealed to me very much.) Then maybe I'd tear open her shirt and slip my hand inside her bra, cupping her breast as I continue my assault on her beautiful lips. By now she'd be totally up for it, (not likely but fuck it, it was my fantasy after all.) She could reach around my waist and pull my little sister's skirt up before sliding her hands down the back of my underwear to cup my buttocks. Then, she'd take hold of the waistband of my panties and roughly pull them apart, tearing the soaking wet garment away from my damp skin, now she could pull me closer and guide my head down towards her breasts. I'd kiss all around her pert pink nipple first, and then guide the tip of my tongue around it, making her shiver and squirm, then I'd give her what she wanted, my lips would part then close down, sucking the little pink bud into my warm mouth. While I ever so slowly tease her nipple with my tongue I'd take hold of her other breast and gently give it a squeeze lest it would feel left out as I continued to arouse its twin.  

Finally, her hand would glide over my clean shaven, and now fully exposed, pussy. Her fingers would lightly brush against my slit first, and then she'd gently stroke up and down, with each stroke she'd push a little harder and part my wet lips a little wider, and then, at long last, I'd feel Miss Sullivan's finger on my clitoris and.....oh fuck!!!

I snapped back to reality and the beautiful imagery dissolved into the noisy dining room, which seemed much hotter than before. I don't know how long I'd been lost in the fantasy but now I really could feel fingers on my pussy, unfortunately they were my own. Somehow, probably while my mouth was full of my teacher's tits, I'd allowed my hand to slip under the table and into the waistband of my skirt, my sister's skirt and finally my panties. The first thing to do was obvious, I quickly scanned around the room to see if anyone had noticed what I was doing, Kylie had her head turned away from me and was talking to some guy on the table next to ours. For a couple of seconds my head was on a swivel, I must've looked like some kind of nervous and horny owl! I was relieved to see nothing that indicated I'd been watched and breathed a sigh of relief. Now there were a couple of other things to do.
