 This is a sequel to a story I wrote a few years ago. I hope you enjoy it. 

Chapter 2: Lea Sleeps over

The cool water of the pool felt good in the July summer night air. Pam wadded in the shallow end of their backyard pool alone. 

Tom, her husband was gone again on an extended business trip. This was day seven of him being gone. She missed him...a lot. They had done a large amount of love making the night before he left ending at about 2 am. He overslept and almost missed his flight. 

Pam closed her eyes and scissored her legs slowly in the pool as her mind wandered into a memory of making love to her husband. Her thoughts were of a time when he kissed his way from her mouth down to her pussy, spending a long of time on her breasts along the way down. As her thoughts took her away, Pam slid one hand under her bikini top and the other into her bottoms with the other. Her fingers circled her nipple and clit with the image of Tom rolling his tongue inside her vagina. 

But Tom's handsome features were slowly starting to change in Pam's mind. Suddenly it wasn't Tom at all bringing her to the brink of orgasm, but Lea, the young tattoo artist, naked and eating Pam's pussy as Pam sat propped up on the artist's tattoo table.

It had been two months since that unexpected night of pleasure. Pam had only gone to Lea's shop to get a tattoo on her pussy mound. Lea nit only did an awesome job on the tattoo; she had also given Pam a memory of one of her most erotic nights in her life.

Pam's suit was now barely on her as her fingers danced over her clit and nipples. Her mind was now fully flooded with how Lea was getting her off into a series of multiple orgasms. 

She was about to come on her own, when she was startled back into reality by the phone ringing on the table next to the pool. She couldn't imagine who could be calling her at 10:30 on a Saturday night. She had already done her nightly call with Tom.

Pam swam over to the other end of the pool, leaving both pieces of her bathing suit floating, and clicked the "answer" button on her phone.

"Hello?" Pam asked into the phone. 

There was a long pause on the other end. Then over some very loud music 

Pam heard, "Hello...Pam? It's me. Lea."

"Wow, were your ears burning? I was just thinking about..." Pam started to say.

"Pam, I'm in trouble," Lea said cutting her off.

Pam went into mother mode instantly. She had only met Lea that one night, but has spoken on the phone and emailed with her a few times since then. Their conversations would start out lightly and then they would really start to talk about each others lives: Lea's boyfriend of the week, Pam's daughters, how Lea's business was going, plans for the 4th of July holidays, Pam's next tattoo, Etc. They spoke of everything but the hot love making they had done that awesome night. Still, the sexual tension was felt on both ends of the phone. 

"What's wrong?" asked Pam.

"Pam, I'm so sorry to bother you. I'm in real trouble."

"Lea, what is wrong?" Pam repeated.

There was another hesitation before Pam heard,"I got dumped at this bar by this guy and I lost my purse. I have no money to call a cab. And I can't get a hold of anyone."

Pam heard the desperation in Lea's voice. She could also tell that Lea was quite drunk.

"I'm so sorry to call you," repeated Lea.

"It's ok sweetie," said Pam getting out of the pool. She grabbed a towel and started drying her naked body off. "Where are you?"

"I'm at the Boulevard Bar on 3rd Street and Boise Boulevard."

Pam kept Lea talking as she slipped into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. The girl was still very upset, but seemed to be calming down as they spoke. 

"Okay, I'm on my way. Just relax and tell me how this happened."

During the twenty minute drive to pick her up, Lea explained to Pam how she had met this guy at another bar the night before and that they had made plans on going out to see a local band play at the Boulevard that night. 

While at the bar, the guy started to get way too drunk and was getting more than a little belligerent. They had argued in the parking lot that Lea wasn't going to drive home as "shitfaced" as he was. Her date got into his car and squealed out of the parking lot. Lea had left her purse in the guy's car, having taken only her phone and ID into the club.

Pam pulled into the Boulevards' parking lot, saw Lea immediately, and stopped in front of her. Lea peeked into the passenger side window, saw it was Pam, and pulled the door open. She grabbed Pam in a big hug and started crying again. Pam pulled her close. After a minute, a car honked from behind her so Pam started driving again. 

They drove in quiet for ten minutes when Lea said, "You need to take a left here to head back to my apartment."

"Sweetie, I'm not comfortable with you going home just now. That guy has your purse and you said he was drunk. Why not stay at my house tonight? Tom is out of town for another week, and we can track down your purse tomorrow," said Pam.

"Are your sure that's ok?" Lea asked, starting to smile a little.

Pam smiled back, "It's more than okay."

Ten minutes later, they were back at Pam's house.

Pam went into the kitchen with Lea following. She poured them both a glass of wine and took Lea for a tour of the house. Lea seemed in awe of the two-story colonial. 

"You have a beautiful house."

"Thank you. It's a little big now with the girls moved off to college and Tom gone so much."

Pam's mention of her husband made Lea look around the living room till she saw what she was looking for. On the wall over the fire place was a picture of Pam, Tom and their two girls. The photo shows the girls in their early teens and Pam's hair looked much shorter. 

"Your girls are very pretty. They both look like their mother," smiled Lea.

Pam smiled and blushed a little.

"...and Tom is very cute," Lea continued.

Pam's smile broadened. "Yes, he had a little more hair then, but he still makes my heart throb when I see him."

The two of them walked outside. They sat next to each other on a swing next to the pool. The moon was full in the cloudless sky.

They both sipped on their wine as Lea sat back in the swing, leaning a little into Pam, who responded by putting her arm around her houseguest.

Lea frowned a little. "What's that floating in your pool?"

Pam squinted her eyes for a moment and leaned forward. 

"Umm, that's part of my swim suit," Pam said blushing again. "I was taking a dip when you called."

Lea grinned and asked," Does your suit always fall off when you swim?"

The two women looked at each other and both giggled.

Pam got up, walked over, and grabbed the long-poled pool strainer. She walked over to the edge of the pool and stretched the strainer as far as she could, but missed the suit bottoms by three or four inches. Pam stretched out and missed again, this time making a small splash, sending the suit farther away. She was about to give up when she felt arms slide around her from behind and two hands lace their fingers over her stomach. 

From behind her Lea said, "Okay, now try it." Pam smiled, put her hand on Lea's for a second and then leaned for another try, leaning out a little farther this time. This time the strainer was able to catch part of the suit and pull it closer.

From behind, Pam could feel Lea's warm breath on her neck. She let the pole sit where it fell in the water for a moment as the breath she felt turned into lips doing a light kiss on her neck. Lea's kiss turned into a nibble and Pam moaned lightly. 

Turning her head slowly, Pam's lips sought out Lea's and they kissed. Lightly at first, both tongues start tracing the other's lips, and then more passionately. 

Letting go of the pole, Pam turned into Lea. "God have I missed you," said Lea and they returned to the kiss.

Lea tried to turn her body to face Pam better when she realized there was nothing under her foot. Her leg started to go into the pool and as she lost the last of her balance, she fell the rest of the way in. Pam, trying to catch Lea, was also caught off balance and a second later fell into the pool too. Both the heads emerged from under the water at the same time with utter shock on their faces. They looked at each other, then the edge of the pool, and then back to each other again before bursting out laughing. Lea then splashed at Pam who returned fire with a splash back. 

"Sweetie, if you wanted to go swimming all you needed to do was ask," Pam mused as she giggled.

Taking her leather jacket off and tossing it up on pool deck, Lea complained "Well, I'm completely sober now."

"We can do something about that."

"No, I think I'm done with alcohol for the night. Anytime you end up in a pool fully clothed is a sign you should be cut off." Both women laughed again.

Lea lay back in the water and drifted as she looked up at the stars. She stretched her arms out to her side and lightly kicked her legs to keep herself afloat. Pam smiled as she watched her young friend drift and swam over to her. She then mirrored Lea by stretching her arms out and lightly paddled her feet. They floated next to each other for a moment when their fingers touched. Their hands instantly clasped. They stayed like that a moment more then Pam stood up and pulled Lea to her. Their eyes met and began to kiss again. 

Lightly at first, but with more passion as the moments went on. 

Pam noticed that Lea was starting to shiver. Whether it was from the feel of the cool water or if the young woman being nervous, she broke the kiss after about five minutes, took Lea's hand and walk out of the pool. 

Lea crossed her arms over her breasts and quickly followed Pam into the house while constantly chanting, "Cold...cold...cold...cold"

In the house, the two women driped their way to the laundry room, stopping by the bathroom briefly to grab a few towels and bathrobes. In the laundry room Pam tells Lea to strip out of her wet clothes and toss them in the washing machine. The two women quickly disrobe and start to dry off. They both smile as each are caught stealing glances at one another. Pam slides into a robe and then helps Lea with hers. She starts the washer up. 

"Thanks....Mom," said Lea with a sly smile.

"Baby, the one thing I'm not is your mother," replied Pam as she pulled Lea to her and kissed her. This time there was nothing light about the kiss. Their tongues darted into each other's mouths like dueling swords. Pam cupped Lea's small face with her hands as Lea ran her nails inside Pam's robe and lightly scratched her back.

"I think we need a shower. We smell like chlorine," said Pam.

Lea did her sly smile again and said, "Lead on."

The two went up the stairs holding hands to the master bathroom. Pam opened the shower stall, turned on the water and adjusted it to the right temperature. They disrobed and stepped into the shower. They both took a moment and let the dual shower heads wipe away the last of the cool chill they had from the pool water. They both took turns with the shampoo and conditioner before Pam grabbed the body soap and washcloth and started to wash Lea's back. As she did so, she took her time and looked at the tattoos on the young artist's body. 

Pam had always thought that most people with tattoos littered all over their body made them look trashy. Lea's body was the exception to the rule. There was nothing distasteful or creepy about the body art. 

She turned Lea around and started soaping up her front. Lea leaned against the shower wall, closed her eyes, and let out a small moan. The older woman ran the washcloth over Lea's shoulders, under her arms and then out over her tits. Lea gasped as the cloth went over her nipples. She honestly could not remember ever being this turned on before. She remembered the night she did the tattoo for Pam. Yep, I was this horny back then also, she thought. 

She cracked her eyes open a little as the washcloth started the journey down the rest of her body. She saw Pam washing her tummy. As she started to descend to her pussy, Pam looked up into her eyes. She smiled at Pam and pulled her face up and kissed her. Pam returned the kiss, pressing her naked body against Lea's. Even while kissing, Pam continued to use the washcloth, rubbing it over Lea's pussy. The young artist moaned into Pam's mouth. 

Satisfied that Lea was squeaky clean, Pam dropped the washcloth and started to run her finger over Lea's clit and pussy lips. Gone was the "landing strip" that Lea sported that night two months ago, it was now a bare pussy like her own. Pam's finger started to make a circle motion over Lea's clit. Her entire body felt limp, and it seemed like Pam pressing her against the tile wall was the only thing that kept her from falling to the shower floor. The young artist's body started to shiver with every sweep of Pam's finger. 

Suddenly Pam slid a finger into Lea's pussy, pressing her palm up against the clit. Their kiss broke as Lea gasped in a sudden need for air. While kissing and nibbling on Lea's neck, Pam started to fuck Lea using her finger while palming her clit. The older woman felt the younger's body tense up and she quickened the pace of her fucking. Cries of pleasure echoed in the bathroom as Lea edged closer to her orgasm. Lea wrapped her arms around Pam's body as she came. Pam's fingers continued, but slowed until her hand just stood still while the tight pussy quivered around her hand. 

Lea was totally lost in the moment. When she started to become aware of her surroundings again, she realized at some point she and Pam became locked into a deep kiss. A moment or two later Pam broke the kiss, turned off the shower, and whispered, "let's go to bed."

Once inside the bedroom, Pam lit two candles on each side of the bed and turned to Lea kiss her again. 

The cold air of the air-conditioned room sent a chill down Lea's naked back. 

Lea gently laid Pam down onto the bed. They kissed again for a moment, then Lea started to kiss her way down Pam's body. Pam rested her hands on Lea's as Lea's lips sought out Pam's nipple. Teeth and lips sucked and bit gently on the nipples as hands slid down and found Pam's sex. 

A finger traced the outside of the pussy lips for a moment, and then started to slide inside. A moan escaped from Pam's mouth when Lea's finger buried inside. The young artist then started to kiss her way down her lover's body again slowly, while keeping the finger inside the very wet vagina. Pam could feel Lea's warm breath as the young blonde blew on Pam's clit. 

After a moment, Pam was starting to wonder if Lea was ever going to lick when Lea did just that. Lea dabbed her tongue on the clit over and over. Pam moaned and spread her legs out wider. 

"Lea, pleaseeeeee,quit teasing me!" Lea looked up at Pam, and smiled then wrapped her lips over the clit and sucked on it hard. Pam responded to this by grabbing onto Lea's hair as if to help keep her in place. 

It didn't take long before Pam came, but Lea continued to lick and suck on the now very sensitive clitoris. Pam came again, and yet again. Her legs started pushing and kicking as Lea continued to lick faster. Loud moans turned into screams after 10 minutes, and then whispers after 15 as Pam's body went limp. 

Pam needed a break and pulled Lea's face up to her own. Pam tasted herself on Lea's mouth as they kissed. They both drifted off to sleep shortly after.

Despite going to bed so late and the heavy love making, Pam woke up at 7:30 the next morning. She went to the bathroom, came back and looked down at her houseguest. She smiled. Lea was so beautiful. She was tempted to start another round of lovemaking but decided to let Lea sleep. Sliding into her robe she went down stairs, made coffee, and toast. 

Pam sipped her coffee, reflected about last night and smiled again. She wasn't sure what today was going to bring. She knew she was going to have help Lea track down her purse and then take her home. She knew she had to let Tom know what happened last night.

Pam thought of asking Lea if she wanted to stay a couple days and keep her company while Tom was out of town. Maybe even after Tom got home. That thought started a warm sensation below her waist and put a grin on her face.

Pam got up, poured 2 cups of coffee, and started to walk to the stairs. It was time to wake Lea in a way that she herself likes to be woken.