 Amber lay in bed restless, unable to sleep. Thanksgiving break started tomorrow and she would be working for a few days at her summer job. And that meant she would see Irene. Amber rolled her nipples between her fingers as she pictured Irene's beautiful body. At age 51, Irene was stunning. Her slender 5'8" body with her long legs and blonde hair drove Amber to distraction. There was nothing girlish about Irene. She was a mature woman and Amber longed to be in the arms of a woman not a girl. At the ripe age of 21, she was still a virgin. She had had her share of boyfriends growing up and did the obligatory handjobs and blowjobs, but she had no desire for intercourse. Men left her feeling used and unfulfilled. She discovered her desires several years ago when she started working at her mom's office and met Irene. Amber could never put the feelings into words, but her body spoke volumes whenever she was near Irene. Her hardening nipples and throbbing clit embarrassed her and she feared Irene would notice and think she was perverted.

"Am I a pervert?" Amber wondered as she let her hand slip between her legs. "Would Irene be repulsed by me?" She sighed, "Too much confusion." She knew she wanted Irene and let her mind focus on the image of the two of them embracing and caressing each other's body.

Amber felt the wetness in her pussy as she rubbed her clit with her finger. She imagined Irene kneeling over her face, lowering her wet pussy lips onto Amber's waiting tongue. Amber moistened two fingers in her wet opening and sucked them in her mouth. "Irene would taste like this," she thought. "And I would drink her juices until she came over my face." Amber spread her lips and began to rub her erect clit harder and faster. She turned her head into the pillow as she came, muffling her cries of "Irene.... Irene.....Irene!!!"

Amber stood in front of the full-length mirror trying to decide if she looked sexy, slutty or foolish. She had decided to go to work looking like a woman and not a college co-ed. Her clothes were strewn all over her room in her attempt to find something that didn't look frumpy, finally settling on a white silk blouse and scarf, short black skirt, and open toed low heels. "Not too bad," she thought as she gazed at her image. She flipped her long, light brown hair over her shoulders and struck a pose. She knew boys found her attractive, but was her thin, 5'11" figure too girlish for a woman? Her breasts and butt seemed too small to her and her legs too long and thin. Amber looked down at the pedicure she had given herself last night. She remembered that Irene always wore red nail polish on her toenails and she painstakingly painted hers to match. "It'll have to do," she said as she grabbed her coat.

Everyone at work greeted her as a prodigal daughter returned. Exclamations of how beautiful she looked and how she seemed so much older made her blush. She fixed herself a cup of coffee waiting for Irene to come in so she could get her assignment. Amber was making small talk with a secretary when she heard Irene's voice behind her.

"Well look at our little Amber," she joked. "It took three years, but we finally have her dressed like a professional."

Amber turned to greet her and blushed deeply. "Hi, Irene. I just thought that....."

Irene cut her off. "Oh dear, please. I didn't mean to embarrass you. Come here and give me a hug. I'm so glad to see you. How's school?"

Amber gave her a quick hug; worried she'd sense her desire. "School's fine, but I'm glad to be back." She stepped back, marveling at Irene's appearance. She always looked so classy - just the right amount of makeup, clothes that looked like they were designed just for her, and her blonde hair styled perfectly.

"And I'm glad you're back," Irene replied. We're up against it, dear. I hope you can put in some long hours this week. I have a presentation we need to put together for the board and I need you to work on the visuals. Finish saying your hellos and meet me in my office"

Irene wasn't kidding about the work. Charts and graphs had to be created and prepped for the printer, but Amber was in heaven. Irene had set up a computer in her office for Amber and she was able to watch her whiz in and out of the room all day. Lunch was a pack of crackers and a soda and by five o'clock, Amber was tired, hungry and ready to go home. She was finishing a chart when Irene came into her office.

"Honey, I have a big favor to ask," she said. "I know you've been at it all day, but I have to get this stuff to the printer tomorrow. Would you mind staying late with me to finish? I'll order in some Chinese and after dinner we can go at it again."

As tired as she was, Amber knew she would have to be on her deathbed to miss a chance to be with Irene. "Sure, I can stay. I don't have anything planned."

Irene's desk was covered with half-eaten containers of Chinese takeout containers. Amber sat back in her chair, totally stuffed, sipping on some wine from a Styrofoam cup. 

"I guess I got carried away with the food order," Irene said. "Oh well, I'll put it all on my expense account. So tell me, Amber, what's new at school? Any serious dating going on?"

Amber smiled, "No, actually I'm not really looking," she replied. "I don't know.... the guys at school seem.....well kind of...."

"Shallow. Self absorbed. Out for a quick hit," Irene interjected. "Welcome to the real world, Amber. And the sad part is they definitely do not improve with age. It took me 20 years to realize that fact of life."

"How long have you been divorced?" Amber asked.

"Ten years. And let me tell you, honey, they've been the best ten years of my life. I do what I want, when I want, with whoever I want."

"But your so attractive," Amber replied. "You probably have lots of men chasing after you."

Irene laughed, "Oh yeah, lots. But actually, I'm not really looking either."

Amber looked at Irene sitting behind her desk. She wanted to shout, 'Can't you see it's you I want!' Instead she looked into her wine and said softly, "I don't think I'm attracted to guys at all."

Irene didn't answer. Amber looked up from her cup of wine and saw her looking at her with a questioning gaze. Finally, Irene asked, "So are you interested in any of the girls at school?"

Amber shook her head no. 

"I'm confused," Irene stated. "Who or what are you interested in?"

Amber felt the cup shaking in her hand. She strained to force out the words. "You. It's you I'm interested in. I've known it for a long time, but I couldn't tell you." She stopped, realizing what she had just said. "Please don't think I'm weird, Irene."

Irene smiled and walked over to her. She held Amber's chin in her hand. "No, I don't think you're weird, honey," she said gently. "I've loved many women. It's brought a lot of joy and pleasure to my life. But I need to know, are you sure this is what you really want?"

Amber nodded yes. Irene pulled her up to her and gave her a tender kiss. She parted her lips with her tongue and let it slide deep into Amber's mouth, swirling and dancing around her tongue. She grabbed Amber's ass and drew her close as she slowly sucked her tongue in and out of her mouth. Amber had never felt such passion in a kiss. She hugged Irene tightly to keep from collapsing back into the chair. She began to suck on Irene's tongue and felt a deep moan escape from her.

Irene broke off their kiss and held Amber's head in her hands. "Not here. I won't have your first time be in a dingy office. Let's close up and you can follow me home."

Amber sat on the edge of the bed in her bra and panties, waiting for Irene to come out of the bathroom. When she heard the shower, she stripped and knocked on the door.

"Irene!" she shouted. "Do you mind if I join you?"

"Mind!" came the reply. "I was just imagining how nice it would be to have your sweet body in here with me. Come in. Join me."

Irene opened the shower door and Amber froze at the sight of her gorgeous body. Her breasts were full and firm with large hard nipples that stuck out at least an inch. A small patch of blonde hair framed her shaved pussy.

"I take it you like what you see," Irene said in a seductive voice. "Well, the feelings mutual. Slide that beautiful body of yours in here before all the hot water's gone."

Irene took the soap and began to wash Amber's back, letting her hands slide down to her small ass. Amber leaned her head on Irene's chest and let the wonderful sensations run through her. She felt Irene's hands and fingers run along her ass and pussy and shivered as a she felt a jolt when her finger brushed her clit. Amber turned her head and took one of Irene's hard nipples into her mouth. She began to suck it, letting her tongue swirl around it.

Irene moaned and pulled Amber's head tight to her tit. "Oh yessssss.... Don't be gentle. Suck it hard. Mmmmmm.....harder."

Amber took the long nipple between her teeth and pulled it back, flicking the tip with her tongue. Irene took her sudsy hand and reached between Amber's legs, stroking her clit and sliding her fingers in and out of her wet opening. Amber could feel a wave building within her and she began to ride Irene's hand. She buried her head into Irene's breasts and held her tight as an orgasm washed over her.

"I'm coming, Irene. I'm coming. Don't stop," she gasped.

Irene held her up with one arm while the other brought Amber to the most overwhelming explosion she had ever experienced. She held her tight until Amber regained her breath.

"Oh my God, Irene, that was unbelievable!"

Irene laughed, "And that was only the beginning, my dear. Let's get dried off."

Amber lay with her eyes closed as Irene's fingertips traced lightly around her thighs and stomach. Every touch produced a tingle that seemed to course through her body ending at her throbbing clit. She desperately wanted Irene to touch her there and relieve the mounting pressures she felt. But Irene teasingly let her fingers dance near but never on her erect button. As she gently let her tongue lick around Amber's nipples, Irene inserted two fingers into her lover's wet pussy. Amber squeezed her hand between her thighs to let another orgasm release within her. Irene felt the muscles in Amber's pussy tighten against her fingers.

"Hmmmmm," she teased. "Seems like my little girl is ready for some of my special pleasures."

Amber opened her eyes and said softly, "Please, let me taste you. I want to make you cum, too"

"Soon, my love, soon," Irene replied. "But first I have to show you how."

Irene moved between Amber's legs and started kissing her inner thighs. She worked her way slowly toward Amber's waiting pussy, giving it a brief lick as she moved from one thigh to the other. When she knew Amber could take no more, she grabbed her hips and pulled her wet box onto her waiting tongue.

Amber arched her back and moaned with abandon. "Yesssss, oh my God, Yesssss!" She felt her juices flowing as Irene's tongue swirled around her pussy. Irene took her hard clit into her mouth and began to flick at it with her tongue. Amber began to feel an overpowering orgasm building within her. She clutched Irene's head, pulling it tight against her pulsating pussy.

"Suck it! Suck it! Oh my God, I'm cummming! Don't stop!" she rasped through her clenched teeth.

Irene could feel the clit hardening in her mouth and she swirled her stiff tongue around and around it. Amber couldn't stop her orgasm. It seemed to pass through her like waves hitting a jetty. Every muscle and nerve in her body was connected to it and she held onto Irene's head as a drowning person would hold a life preserver.

When Irene felt the last contractions subside, she slid forward and lay her head on Amber's chest. They both struggled to catch their breath.

"Did I do my little angel right?" Irene gasped

Amber hugged her tight. "Right?" she replied. "I can't tell you how I feel right now. I didn't think a body could feel what I feel right now."

"Hmmmmmm I know," Irene murmured. "Think you have enough left to show me what you've learned?"

"Uh huh. And I took notes," Amber joked. "My fantasy has been to have you straddle my face while I delight you, you know."

"Well, let's see if we can make a fantasy come true, Princess," Irene said as she pulled herself on to her knees.

Amber slid down between her legs and stared at Irene's beautiful, wet pussy. Her rather large clit protruded out from a dark hood and her lips were full and swollen. Amber was drawn to her musky scent and reached up to let her tongue touch the tip of Irene's clit. Irene jumped as if she had been stung.

"Sorry, dear," Irene said. "It's just a little bit sensitive at the moment."

Amber slid her tongue down between the swollen lips and began to lick the moistness. She pulled each lip into her mouth and gently suckled them. As Irene began to moan, Amber looked up to see her squeezing her hard nipples. She drove her tongue deep into her pussy and let it roam along the walls, curling her tongue to pull the juices back to her mouth. 

Irene leaned forward and grabbed the headboard. "Be careful, Amber, I might flood you with more than you can take."

Amber looked up and smiled. "I'll risk it."

Amber spread her lips wide and flicked at the hard, pink clit. She could sense that it would not take much to put Irene over the edge. She brought Irene's clit into her mouth and sucked and licked it as Irene had done. Irene's hips began to buckle and she pressed her pussy hard on to Amber's face. A low groan told her Irene was ready. She pressed her tongue hard onto Irene's clit and felt it throb. As Irene came, Amber felt warm juices running onto her face and in her mouth. She licked and swallowed furiously wanting to have all of Irene's wetness. It overwhelmed her. She buried her face in it and let it wash over her cheeks and chin.

Irene pulled back and fell back on the bed, her breath coming in staccato gasps. "You learn too fast, Amber my dear."

Amber lay along side her, letting her fingers run through her blonde hair. "Does that mean class is over?" she teased.

Irene pulled her wet face to her and gave her a long tender kiss. "Oh no, love," she replied. "That was just the introductory class. We can start advanced classes tomorrow."