 Author's Note: This story was inspired by a fantasy that I've always thought of seeing. These characters are fictional. The Spanish translation is thanks to Free Translation, so I'm sorry if any of the words are wrong. Please do not copyright or print without my permission. Enjoy.

XOXO,

Maela

*

I turned eighteen two weeks ago and I was two months away from graduating. I walked into my first class and saw Ms. Espinoza writing on the board. After I sat at the desk nearest her desk, I observed her. I always came in extra early so that I could see her and have her for myself. We were mutual friends as we were student and teacher. She was looking so fine today that I licked my lips, wishing it was her lips I was licking instead of mine. I've had the hots for her ever since I entered in this high school two years ago. There was gossip around that she was a lesbian. She was my sophomore Spanish teacher and she was the most beautiful thing God has ever created. Now, as a senior, I was her Teacher Assistant, hoping to become closer to her before I graduated and never see her again. I wanted her and so I prepared myself, by watching lesbian porn, and learning how to lick pussy from them. I practiced with one of close friends Jessica, who's been with many girls before, and she had given me good rating.

Still unsure of my sexual orientation I only knew know that I wanted Ms. Espinoza, with her long black hair, full luscious lips, and her beautiful Spanish brown eyes. At 26, she had full 38C breasts, standing 5'4" to my 5'3", with long legs, and the perfect body, looking like a dancer. There's only been one boy who I had sex with, but that relationship was over and done with. He only made me realize that maybe I was more attracted to girls. Today she wore her black leather skirt that ended above her knee, a white dress shirt, and matching black stilettos. It was my favorite outfit. It made me picture a scene with her bending over the desk, as I came from behind her, to move her hair aside and kiss the back of her neck, as my hands smoothly glides down and caresses her perfect ass. I always notice her staring at me, as I bend over sometimes to retrieve things from my bag, or the ground. I hope she feels the same way that I feel towards her. I felt myself getting wet as she wiped her hands on her hips very near her ass, and I moved around uncomfortably. 

That was when she turned around and said in her sexy Spanish accent, "Good morning Maela. I hope you don't mind, but today I have some papers for you to copy, and then you need to correct the students' spelling tests."

I smiled sweetly at her and then answered, "Yes Ms. E."

Her lips were painted a really red shade that made me want to pounce on her. She was so incredibly beautiful today. As I began correcting the spelling tests as the bell rang. The class period rolled on by and before I knew it, it was already time for Economics. I really hated to leave Ms. Espinoza's fine ass, but I had to go. As I stood up to leave, Ms. Espinoza asked me, "Maela, can you come back after your last class today? There is just so much that I need to do, and I would love it if you helped me out. Can you do that for me?"

Thrilled at the opportunity, I answered, "Yeah. Sure."

"Great. Well, I end at lunch today, and as I understand it, so do you right?"

"Yes. I have two unscheduled classes this year."

"Great. Meet me back here then. Thank you so much honey."

"No problem Ms. E."

I was so excited that I practically skipped to my next class. Yes. Today was going to be the day when I make a move. It was going to be perfect.

* * * * *

The day went by quickly and soon I found myself racing towards Ms. E's class at lunch time. When I got inside, she glanced up at me and smiled, nearly melting me on the spot.

She stood up and then said, "Okay. Can you grab those papers? I realized that it's our time off, so we should go to an environment that isn't so droll. We can go to my place. If that's okay with you."

"Yeah, it's fine." Perfect.

As we walked out to the hall, we passed by some teachers and principal. Every time they asked about what was going on, Ms. E, or Maria as I should call her, answers that I'm helping her run some errands and correcting papers. Then we headed to her place. 

When we both arrived in our separate cars, I parked outside, as she parked inside her garage. She let me enter through her garage into her beautiful big house. We set the things down in the living room and got to work. An hour passed by and I could feel my heart pounding harder. If I didn't do it now, I would never find the courage to. I got up and asked her, "Ms E, where's your restroom?"

"Down the hall, to the left, Honey."

"Okay. Thank you."

I scurried to the restroom to prepare myself. I applied extra lip gloss, and took off my shirt to reveal my white see through camisole and black bra. I took off my bra and thong, leaving them in her restroom as a little souvenir of our time together. I then folded my skirt higher that they barely reached my thighs, and left my black hair down. When I felt I was ready, I walked out of the restroom and back towards the living room. The drapes were closed and the lamps were on. I walked slowly until I stood in front of Ms E. She looked up and gasped as she saw my new attire.

"Maela, what happened to you? Why are your clothes like that?"

"Maria, I want you," I replied in a somewhat innocent yet naughty way.

"What?"

Then I leaned in to kiss her lips. They were everything I always dreamed of. It was perfect. My lips molded into hers, and our tongues danced around in other. While I stroked her tongue with mine, letting her know what I would soon be doing to her sweet and succulent pussy. As we kissed, I grabbed her hands and moved them to my tits, running them over my hard nipples, and moaning for her to continue.

She continued to rub at my nipples she raised my shirt over my head as I unbuttoned her white dress shirt and bra before I reached out and grabbed her breasts with my hands and rubbed them, pulling them, and making her crazy. She groaned in encouragement and I moved to straddle her lap. She then ran her other hand up to my bare ass, and when she felt it, she pulled back and said, "Me gusta Mamasita."

She then ran her finger in between my legs, making me moan in pleasure. I kissed her neck and moaned, "Ooooh.... I love it when you speak Spanish Maria."

She unzipped my skirt as I unzipped hers and said, "¿Si? ¿Desea usted que mí atascar el dedos en el coño dulce y mojado?" Do you want me to stick my fingers in your sweet and wet pussy?

"Ooooh. Si! Mi Maesta. I feel so horny when you speak Spanish to me."

I felt her fingers slide into my cunt and begin to pump in and out, faster and slower, faster and slower as she said, "¿Si? Dígame que usted es el coño córneo que chupa a mujerzuela." Tell me that you're my horny pussy sucking slut.

"I'm your horny pussy sucking slut Maria. Fuck me faster. Faster."

"You like that don't you? You like my fingers fucking your sweet pussy don't you?"

"Yes! Oh Gawd, you make me feel so good..." I moved my body up and down on her fingers, feeling my orgasm coming.

I rode her fingers and rocked my body around her fingers faster.

"Ohhhh... Gawd!!! I'm gonna cuuuuuummmmmmmm!!!! Faster... Oh... Gawd!!!"

She reached up and pulled my hair back, exposing my neck. She bit my nipples as I rode out my orgasm on her fingers.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! I'm cuuuummmmmmmiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnggggggggg!!!"

Finally I slumped back onto the couch, spent, and my breathing irregular. Then I felt her pull her fingers out of my pussy and lick them. After she licked them clean, she pushed my knees open and I felt her breathing on my cunt, just before she rammed her tongue into my pussy hole, licking it clean of my cum. I moaned as she began to fuck my hole with her tongue.

"Ohhhhh... That feels so goooood... God, don't stop!!! Oooooh..."

She moaned against my pussy, making me groan, as the vibration spread amongst pussy. I grabbed them, pulling and twisting them, groaning in pleasure.

"You nasty cunt licker..." I dirty talked to her. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm," she replied.

"Keep licking my pussy... Oh Gawd that feels sooooooooooo gooooooooooood. Yes... lick it whore. You're just a pussy licking whore aren't you?" I moaned.

"Mmmmmmmmmm... You like this?"

"Mmmmmmmmmmm.... Yes... Fuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!"

I cried out, as my second orgasm took over. Finally, Maria moved her body up to lay over mine and French-kissed me; thrusting her tongue into my mouth, letting me taste my own juices.

To be continued... 