 Author's Note: This story was inspired by a fantasy that I've always thought of seeing. These characters are fictional. If this is the first chapter that you are reading, I would suggest for you to read chapter 1 first. Please do not copyright or print without my permission. Enjoy.

XOXO,

Maela 

*

I was supposed to pleasure Maria, but instead, she pleasured me. I felt guilty that I was the only one receiving the pleasure, so I ran my hand down her smooth back and over her bare ass, just as I always fantasized about doing.

"Maria, you know I've always wanted to touch this perfect ass?" I asked as I lightly spanked her ass.

"Ooooh. I like. Do it again, Mistress."

I spanked it harder this time and Maria groaned in pleasure. I spanked each cheek five times before my fingers dipped between her legs and felt the moisture of her panties.

"Ohhh. You're getting off of being spanked aren't you, you little clit licking whore."

"Si, Mistress. Spank me again."

I spanked her two more times before I entered her pussy with two fingers, making her moan. 

"You like that don't you, you slut."

"Si. Me gusta."

I squeezed her clit hard and made her cry out in pleasure.

"You like it when I squeeze your little clit, don't you?"

"Yes," she answered in horny, miserable tone.

I used the other hand to pull her hair back, and French-kissed her before plunging my fingers back into her hole. She cried out, but her cries were swallowed by my mouth. I finger-fucked her hard and fast. By the way she was moaning, I knew she was loving it. She humped my fingers fast, crying out. Finally I let her breathe. 

"Oh God... I'm gonna.... Cuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmm.... "

"Cum for me you little slut. Cum for me. You know you want to."

Suddenly, she let out a cry and slumped down onto me. I pulled my fingers out of her, and licked them clean, before kissing her. And then I moved myself so that I was lying above her. I moved down her body and saw my prize. Her pussy was right in front of me, and it was wet. She was still breathing very hard with her arm thrown over her head. 

I moved my head forward and began licking outside the labia, before I dove into her hole. I licked around and around, getting all the juice that I could from her pussy. She moaned and began to gyrate against my tongue encouraging me to continue.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm... don't stop, you nasty cunt licker..."

I continued to tongue fuck her and she continued to moan. 

"Ooooooooooh.... Ahhhhhhhhhhhh... I'm cummmmmmiiiiiinnnnnngggggggggggg..."

She climaxed and I felt her pussy juice run down my tongue as her body shook from the impact. I ate her out to a second and then third orgasm before she pushed me away. Finally spent, we both just laid back and relaxed for a couple of hours before I got ready to go home.

* * * * *

The next morning as I entered the classroom and saw Maria writing on the board. She was wearing a black skirt with high heeled boots and a blue collared shirt today, while I was wearing a black short skirt that slit from my knee to my mid-thigh with black strappy heels. I licked my lips, ready to lick that sweet pussy of hers soon. I closed the door behind me, and set the lock on. I sneaked up behind her and ran my hands up to cup her breasts in my hands. I heard her catch her breath before she moaned very low.

"Mmmmm... You sure know how to greet someone in the morning."

I moved her hair aside and slowly kissed the nape of her neck, and lightly running my tongue over her skin. She moaned again before turning around to kiss me. I lifted her to sit on the small desk near the board before running my tongue over her lips and into her mouth. Her tongue met mine, thrust for thrust, and her fingers guided themselves to my breasts, while mine ran under her skirt and then found her pussy.

"Mmmm, being dangerous are we Maria. Not wearing any panties? Aren't you afraid that someone else will get to your pussy before I do?"

Maria's hands went to my hair before she answered breathlessly, "No. Even if they wanted to, I wouldn't let them because this pussy belongs to you, just as yours belongs to me."

I chuckled before moving down to greet her pussy with my lips. I lifted her skirt to her waist before bending my head and kissing her labia. She gasped in pleasure and her fingers wrapped themselves in my hair as she moaned my name.

She scooted her ass towards the edge of the teacher's desk to give me access to her delicious hole. I stuck my tongue in her pussy, twirling it around, making her crazy. Her breathing changed, going slower and then faster each time I lashed at her pussy with my tongue. I continued to tongue fuck her, and she moaned endlessly, pushing my head to her pussy and grinding herself to my tongue. At last, I removed my tongue and hearing her protest, I stuck two fingers into her cunt. 

Moving my fingers faster, I asked her, "Who's pussy is it?"

"Mmmm..."

I slowed down and asked again, "Who's pussy is it, slut?"

"Yours! Now go faster. I don't know if we have any more time."

I speeded up finger-fucking her until she screamed softly in orgasm, not wanting to alert the teachers around her.

I licked up her cum before kissing her deeply and telling her, "You're students are going to be here any moment Maestra."

She kissed me back before asking, "What about you?"

I wiped the desk before replying, "We still have time today. You owe me one. By the way, keep this desk, so that you can feel horny every time you look at it, remembering what we did on this desk."

I kissed her and squeezed her breast one last time before going to my seat. She opened the window and sprayed Febreeze in the room before unlocking the door and hearing the bell ring.

To Be Continued...