 Author's Note:

If this is your first time reading this story, I would recommend you to read the chapters before this. Enjoy and please leave some feedback if you wish... 

XOXO, Maela

*

I awoke several hours later in a daze. I got up on my elbows and looked around. Maria was nowhere to be seen, and I was alone in her huge bed. I went to the restroom to relieve myself before I found an extra robe on the back of the door and slid it over my body. It was a pink yukata style robe, and the silk felt great on my skin. I went downstairs and smelled food. At that moment my stomach growled. It was dark outside, so the curtains were closed and the lights were on. I walked into the kitchen and found Maria at the stove in a royal blue silk robe. 

She was mixing some pasta into the cream sauce on the stove, and tossing it. I walked up behind her, snaking my arms around her waist. I kissed the nape of her neck, inhaling her scent, while my hands grabbed her breast, circling her nipple and feeling the tip grow hard. I couldn't wait to close my mouth over that beautiful nipple. 

"Mmmmmm, it smells incredible in here, and I'm not just talking about the food."

She giggled and turned around in the circle of my arms. She kissed my lips, licking them and coaxing them open before sliding her tongue into my mouth. I allowed my tongue to stroke hers as my hands left her body to turn off the stove before returning them to her body and running the palms of my hand to her ass and cupping each ass cheek. She moaned into my mouth, as her hands sneaked their way over my breasts, and tweaking my nipples, making them hard. But before I could take things further, she pulled out of my arms and said, "We'll continue this after dinner, because I'm starving."

"Spoilsport," I replied as I grabbed her again to give her a quick kiss before letting her go. We both sat down to dinner and she opened a bottle of wine for the both of us. I took a sip and felt my heart flutter as her gaze collided with mine. She was so focused on looking at her plate that I decided to have a little fun. I slid my foot up her shin, making her jump. 

"Penny for your thoughts?" I asked, acting like nothing was wrong. She smiled back at me, letting my foot travel further up her legs until I reached her thighs. She put a stop to my traveling foot and placed her hand on my leg, close to my pussy. Just as I was getting excited, she got up and began gathering the dishes to put them in the sink, putting a disappointment to my efforts. I got up after her and helped her with the dishes. After drying the dishes, she walked over to the refrigerator and pulled out some strawberries on a plate. 

"Let's take this up to the room," she said in a seductive voice. Again, my legs carried me right behind her. We brought the rest of the wine bottle and our glasses with us to the room. As we both got on the bed, she offered a strawberry to me. I bit into it, feeling the juices run over my lips. She giggled and leaned over to lick the juices from my lips. My tongue went out to meet hers, and we found ourselves in another heated kiss. 

"Mmmmmm," I moaned. "I love kissing you Maria."

She replied with a moan of her own. After finishing several strawberries, an idea hit me, so I instructed her to lay back and open her robe. As she did so, I took a strawberry in my mouth, and let the tip travel over her body. I let the tip brush her very hard nipples, hearing her gasp, and moved down over her abdomen before brushing her shaven pussy with the strawberry, making her moan loudly. 

As she moaned, her legs opened wider. I ran the strawberry over her hard clit, brushing it up and down, up and down again. Then I move the strawberry to her already moist pussy hole and dipped the strawberry into her sweet nectar. She groaned again as I pulled the strawberry into my mouth and moved my lips over her clit. I sucked the whole strawberry into my mouth along with her clit and chewed both in my mouth at the same time, making her breathless.

"Awwww.... Fuck... you're sooo good babe," Maria moaned. "Oh fuck... you're such a good pussy eater, you fucken slut."

"Mmmmm-hmmmm..." I replied, still chewing her clit in my mouth. I finally got up and swallowed the strawberry, licking my lips. Maria threw her arms around my neck and pulled my lips down to meet hers. Our tongues thrashed together, sharing her sweet juices and the juices of the strawberry that was left on my tongue.

"Mmmmm, fuck," I moaned. Maria ran her hand down my body and it disappeared under my robe. When her hand cupped my pussy, my breath hissed out, and I quickly removed my robe from my body. She continued to stroke my moistening pussy as I moaned and humped her fingers. Her thumb occasionally brushed my clit, making me breathless.

As I was about to come, she abruptly stopped, and I moaned, "Come on baby. Finish fucking me."

Maria giggled and answered, "As enticing as that sounds, we have to finish dessert."

We had two more strawberries left. I took one, and ran it across each of my nipples. I saw her eyes darken in arousal, as I ran the strawberry between the valley of my breast and over each nipple again. I wanted her to fuck me badly, so I was getting a little payback for her leaving me hanging.

"Mmmmm... This strawberry feels soooo fucking good on my tits. They feel almost like a tongue, running over my nipples. Oooh god, I feel like such a slut, letting this strawberry kiss my tits."

I felt Maria lean closer as if drawn to me like a moth to a flame. I put the strawberry in between my breast and squeezed them together, before offering it to her. Maria took the strawberry between her lips and chewed it before swallowing, and then she returned her attention to my breasts. 

"Oh, fuck, that's good."

She sucked my nipple into her mouth and moaned. Then she looked up at me and asked, "Do you like that you slut? You like me playing with your tits?"

I moaned, and answered, "Yes, I love it. I love the way to suck on my tits."

She laughed and then bit my nipple. I cried out in pleasure, offering my tits to her more. She grabbed another strawberry and spread my legs. I laid back as she stuck the strawberry between it, rubbing it against my labia as I did her. I moaned, loving the sensation that it was creating on my already soaked pussy. She swirled the strawberry around my hole, collecting my juices before using my pussy lips to hold the strawberry in place. She then sucked the whole thing in her mouth, along with my pussy lips.

My ass reared off the bed as I cried out, "Oooooh fuck!!! That feels soooo good. Oooh, keep eating it slut. Keep eating it." 

She ran her tongue over my clit, chewing on it, and licking it. I moaned and groaned, urging her to continue. I was about to have an orgasm, when I felt her get up. I cried out in frustration. I saw her go to her dresser and pull out a strap-on. The dildo was light purple, about two inches in diameter and seven inches in length. I watched as she strapped it on and rub it as though it was a real one. 

I was amazed by how turned on I was. My pussy creamed even more as she walked over to me saying, "This was your real surprise my beautiful slut of a student."

She kissed me hard and I returned the kiss, feeling more alive with every minute. She grabbed onto the back of my head as she thrust her tongue into my mouth, letting me know what she planned to do next. She then pulled back, and brought the dildo to my mouth. Without question, I took the dildo into my mouth, tasting the rubber. I reached out and grabbed the end nearest her pussy. I pushed the dildo in and out of my mouth, knowing that she was feeling the other end against her clit. 

Her breath hitched as the dildo stimulated her clit. Finally when she was about to cum, she pushed me back against the bed and entered my pussy in one swift motion. I felt filled up as she continued to push in and out of my pussy hole.

"Oh, fuck. Oh fuck. Oh god. Yes, yes, yes, keep fucking me like that."

Maria was moving in and out of me, feeling the end of the dildo on her clit as well. "Oh fuck Maela. You feel sooo fucking amazing. This tight pussy belongs to me, doesn't it? You fucken slut. You slut."

She took long strokes, making me feel every stroke every time she pulled back and pushed into me. I was incredibly wet and turned on by her dirty talk. 

I answered, "Yes, yes, yes, yes. This pussy is yours. I'm your slut. I'm your slut. Fuck, you are fucking me sooo fucking good right now. God you fucken slut. I'm gonnna cum!"

As soon as the words left my mouth, Maria exited my pussy and flipped me over, pulled me onto all fours before taking me from behind. The dildo entered my pussy from behind, making the sensation even stronger. I cried out as she fucked me doggy style.

"Ohhh fuck!!! Yes!!! Right there!!! Right there!!!"

She held onto my hair as she fucked me long and hard from behind. I cried out as she said, "You fucken like that you slut. You love my cock taking you from behind, don't you. You love being fucked doggy style, don't you?" 

I cried out loudly, 

"Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!! I fucken love the way you're taking me from behind. I love being fucked doggy style. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!"

My orgasm crashed through me, and coated the dildo of the strap-on, just as Maria's orgasm hit her. She collapsed on top of me, burying the dildo all the way in my pussy, making me cry out again. My elbows gave way and I fell face first into the bed. Maria finally slid out of me and got up. I turned around, opening my arms to her and she fell into them. We kissed passionately before calling it a night and falling asleep in each other's arms. We still had Saturday to Sunday afternoon before I had to go home. But I wasn't worried just yet. 

I smiled into my sleep as I heard Maria say, "I love you Maela."

Tears ran down my cheeks as I answered, "I love you too Maria."

I held her tightly in my arms and thought about what else I wanted to do with her this weekend, knowing that I wanted to try the strap-on on her soon.

...To Be Continued...

Hope you guys enjoyed the latest installment of this series. Please leave feedback and comments for me if you can.

XOXO, Maela