 Author's Note:

Hey guys, I know that it's been such a long time, but school has been keeping me so busy. Thank you for your patience and just a fair warning to you all, these are my last couple of chapters to this series. I will try to submit new series, so please keep your fingers crossed. Please do not copy or print for your own purposes without my permission. Enjoy and please leave some feedback... 

XOXO, Maela



"Maela?" Maria knocked on the door an hour after I locked myself inside the room. "Are you okay sweetie? Please answer me!"

I lifted my head from the bed and decided that I was being stupid. Of course our relationship would be ending, I just never anticipated that it would end so quickly. I realized that I was behaving like a spoiled brat and that I could never trade what we had. All I could do was wish her well.

I stood up, determined to make it up to her. A couple of ideas came to mind, and I smiled, knowing how much Maria would love them. I put on a bra, a g-string, a pair of shorts, and a tank top before I opened the door to let Maria in. My eyes ran over her still naked body, ran across her face, and I knew she had also been crying. 

"Maela, I know that you don't want this to end, but both our futures could be at stake. You know that I love—"

I cut her off with a kiss before she could finish. Her mouth opened and my tongue caressed hers softly and lovingly. My arms twined around her neck and pulled her closer before sliding my hands down to grab her breasts. Her nipples hardened as the back of my hand rubbed against them. 

I pulled back slowly, looked into her eyes and said, "I'm sorry about the way I acted. I just never thought this would end so fast. If I knew that, I would've seduced you earlier."

Maria laughed nervously, and ran her hands up and down my arms before she pulled me close and curled her arms around me.

"Maria, I could never put your job at risk, no matter how much it might hurt me. Now, let's enjoy the rest of our weekend together. I want to make it up to you," I told her, while running my fingers through her long black hair, and rubbing my clothed body against her naked one.

"Mmmmm... and how might you make it up to me?" she murmured, enjoying the feeling.

"A little something now, and a little something later," I replied.

I pulled her to the bed, laid her down, spread her legs, and ran my hand down her neck, circling both breasts, tweaking her nipples. She gasped and my hand traveled to her stomach and headed towards her pussy. Her legs spread wider as my fingers tapped against her clit, and she hummed in pleasure, her arms crossed over her face. I leaned down, and ran my tongue around her labia. I ran my lips across her pussy, careful not to touch her clit, knowing it would set her off. 

"Oh my God. Mmmm... my clit Maela. Lick my clit," she murmured, trying to rub her pussy against my face.

I giggled, knowing that I was driving her insane. Instead of going to her clit as she asked, I stabbed my tongue into her pussy hole, tasting the juice that was gathering there. She cried out, and I stabbed again. Her hips jerked against my face, trying to rub my nose on her clit. I pulled back, stuck my index finger into my mouth to wet it before I went back to licking her pussy.

She was groaning now, her cries making me hot. I knew what would turn her on more. I pulled back and stuck my finger in her pussy, wetting my finger even more. I pumped once, twice, three times slowly. 

"Oh God! Maela, you're making me insane. Fuck... Fuck me already!!" She screamed out pleadingly.

I laughed, before saying, "Mmmm... you like that baby? You like my finger in your pussy? It's making you so wet. I know it. You slut."

The dirty talk was turning her on even more, as more juices coated my finger. "Look at me love," I commanded her. Maria pushed herself onto her elbow and stared at me. I pulled out my finger, ran it across her left nipple before I pushed it back into her and suckled her nipple at the same time. The combination made her moan louder and fresh juices covered my finger. Once I cleaned her nipple, I moved my face back down to her pussy, where I tongued her clit.

"Aww... fuck..." she moaned loudly, rocking her hips against me.

My pussy was getting wet from all her moaning, but this was about her, not me. As I tongued her clit, I pulled out my finger from her pussy and grabbed one of the vibrators that we brought along the trip. I turned it on low, and pushed it inside her pussy, making her cry out.

I used my teeth to push it in and out of her sopping pussy, making her wetter and cry out louder. I turned it to medium before I used my finger that had been in her pussy to her asshole. Just when she began to cry out again, I pushed my finger in, making her body jump. 

"Aw fuck... I want to come... Make me cum mi amore... I'm gonna cum. Fuck me harder. Fuck me..." She cried out.

I pumped my finger faster, and her cries grew louder. I replaced my teeth on the vibrator with my hand, and then sucked on her clit, driving her over the edge. 

"Fuuuucccccccckkkkkk!!" she cried out long and loud. My finger and the vibrator continued to caress her through the orgasm, until she calmed down. I pulled out my finger from her asshole, then pulled the vibrator out and licked it clean. I cleaned her up before I crawled on the bed to lay next to her. When her hand reached down to cup my short-covered mound, I stopped it.

"This is about you, not me." I kissed her hand before I pulled her up and told her to get ready.

"Let's go grab some lunch, hit the beach, then come home. I have another surprise for you," I winked at her. Maria hurriedly got dressed and we got going. 

By the time we got back, it was six. As we walked into the house, I turned back to Maria and kissed her, excited about what I was going to do with her tonight. My tongue snuck into her mouth and massaged hers, knowing her her pussy was getting as wet as mine.

I pulled her inside and told her, "Let's go upstairs. I want you to sit on the bed. I have a big surprise for you."

As Maria went upstairs, I followed her and lit some candles on the drawer, creating a wonderful glow, enough so that she would be able to see me. I set the CD player to some sexy music before I went inside the master bathroom, where I pulled off my clothes and lingerie. 

I slipped on a white collar button up shirt and a short plaid skirt over my naked body. I found some extra stockings and heels and slipped them on before walking out to the room. Maria's jaw dropped at the sight of me. Gyrating my body to the music, I glided to her. Straddling her thighs, I slowly moved my pussy so that it rubbed against her body, stimulating my clit, making me moan. 

Maria moved her hands up to try and cup my breasts, but I stopped her, holding her hands to her side. 

"No touching slut. I get to touch you, but you are keeping your hands by your side."

Her eyes widened at my words, but her pupils dilated, loving my dirty talk. I continued to gyrate my body, moving my hands to pull off her shirt revealing her bra. Her tits were driving me crazy. I got off her thighs and slipped my hands to my button up shirt. Slowly slipping each button to reveal my breasts, I saw her move her hand under her own skirt to touch her wet pussy. 

Grinning at her, I turned around, spread my legs and bent down, showing her my bare ass and pussy under my skirt. Watching her from between my legs, I slid my skirt down my legs, pausing to rub my horny clit for her to see. As she watched me, her fingers moved faster, rubbing her own clit before sliding two fingers in her pussy hole. 

I felt myself get even wetter, feeling hot all over. I stood up before telling her, "Don't cum yet slut. I am going to make you cum. I am going to make you cum so hard."

She pulled out her fingers as I stalked over to her, and got on my knees. I took her fingers and took them in my mouth, tasting her cum, making me wetter by the second. I bobbed my head up and down, sucking the fingers as though they were our favorite strap on. She moaned, using her other hand to tweak her nipple. 

Finally, I stood up, and pushed her until she was laying on the bed before I straddled her body. I gyrated my pussy against her torso, lowering my pussy lips on her tits and smearing them with my juices. 

"Titty fuck my pussy Maria. I'm so hot for you. Titty fuck me."

Maria used her hands to hold her tits, rubbing the nipples all over my pussy before trying to insert them into my pussy. 

"Awww fuck. Sooo good..." I rubbed my pussy back and forth on her tit until I felt myself get closer to orgasm. 

I crawled down her body, and began to lick her nipples that were smothered with my juices.

"Mmmm... gawd Maela. I love your tongue on my tits."

I moaned back, wrapping my lips around her nipples and tugging it. I used my right hand to crawl down her body until it touched her wet pussy lips. I knew making her titty fuck me made her hot and wet. I fingered her clit, rubbing it in circles, slowly, going faster while tugging on her nipple. As she got closer and closer to orgasm, she got louder until I pulled away.

Everytime she was about to cum, I slowed my actions, making her frustrated. Finally, I found our double dildo and slid half into my pussy, groaning at the sensation.

"I'm gonna put this big cock in your pussy, get on top of you, and fuck you so hard, you slut."

I slipped the dildo into her wet pussy before straddling her thighs and began slowly moving on top of her.

"Aw fuck Maela. Aw gawd, that feels so good, mi amore. Faster baby."

As I moved faster, she got louder. I could feel the dildo on my end moving in and out of my own pussy, making me crazy. Moving faster and faster, I moaned louder and louder until finally, I felt my pussy spasm all over the fake cock. 

I continued moving, knowing that Maria wasn't done yet. 

"Come on. You love my cock don't you Maria. You love this cock sliding in and out of your wet pussy. Your pussy is all wet for me isn't it, slut."

When she didn't answer, I reached below our upper bodies and slapped her clit hard. She gasped and bucked, loving the feeling, so I kept moving and slapping her clit until she screamed out, "I'm cumming!! I'm cumming slut!!"

I coaxed her through the orgasm, bringing her down, kissing her lips until we were both exhausted and just laying on the bed. Eventually, the exhaustion snuck up on us and we fell asleep, in each other's arms.

That was one wonderful weekend. We continued our affair until I moved away for college. I knew leaving Maria behind was going to be hard, but I never anticipated that it would be this hard. As the summer before college began, I moved into my own apartment, waiting out the lonely days, and reliving my memories with her. I wondered if she felt as miserable as I was.



Author's Note: 

Could this be the end? Should Maela and Maria end up together? I haven't decided yet. Let me know what you think. Thank you for being patient with me. There has just been so much going on, and I must really thank the viewers who have been so loyal and letting me know how much they enjoyed this story. Please leave feedback. ; P... And I hope you enjoyed this latest installment.

XOXO, Maela