 Amanda followed her new Mistress, her eyes watching the hypnotic sway of Denise's ass. She could smell the urine that was drying on her breasts, still tasting it on her lips.

Denise lead the young blond by the leather leash, guiding her up a flight of stairs and into a small bedroom.

"This will be your new home when you move in here, slut," Denise said as she closed the bedroom door. "I will provide you with everything you will need. If there is any thing you really WANT, you must first earn it."

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda replied, looking around the small room. There was a small dressing table in one corner, a small, empty closet in another, and a full-sized bed next to the single window.

"Get up on the bed, slut, and assume your position," Denise said, tugging the leash.

Amanda hurried to obey. All the excitement of the evening had left her pussy wet and burning with desire. She longed to rub her sensitive clit until she climaxed. She would probably keep rubbing it until she climaxed again, she felt so horny.

Amanda had always been shy and timid. Her shyness was one of the things that had kept her a virgin. However, it had never occurred to her that she would like to be commanded, especially by another woman, and being commanded to perform sexually made her pussy itch that much more for release.

'I can't believe I'm doing this,' she thought as she climbed onto the bed, kneeled and put her hands behind her head. 'But I also can't believe how horny it's making me.'

"All right, I want you to face the head of the bed," Denise said, moving around to the headboard. She watched as Amanda shifted her body to comply.

"Lean forward. Place your hands on the posts of the headboard."

Amanda leaned forward, doing as she was told. She felt Denise unlatch the leash from her collar, only to have her fasten two short chains to the ring. She watched as her Mistress fastened one chain to an eye bolt located in the top of the left-hand post. Denise did the same with the other chain, attaching it to the right-hand side. The chains were long enough to allow her to lay her head down on the bed, but she would be unable to get out of the bed.

"Lay your head down, and slide your hands down along the sides of the posts," Denise commanded. She pulled a short shackle up from under the bed and attached it to the young girl's wrist, doing the same on the other side.

Amanda realized she was completely helpless now, unable to move either of her hands if she had wished to get away. She could feel the juices running from her pussy, her excitement growing each time her Mistress bound her to the bed.

"My, what a beautiful sight," Denise said as she ran her over the young girl's firm ass. She felt Amanda push back into her hand and pulled it away.

"Now, now, slut," she said moving behind the girl. "Not so fast. I know you're horny, and that your pussy must be driving you crazy right about now. However, before I can reward you with your release, you must first be punished for your initial disobedience."

Amanda's stomach knotted. Her heart raced, fear in her eyes as she tried to see where her Mistress was.

"The real question is how to begin. I think a good, old-fashioned spanking is in order. How about you, slut?"

"Y-Y-Yes, Mistress," Amanda replied, swallowing hard, fighting back the tears in her eyes. "You would know best. I was wrong to disobey you, and I deserve to be punished."

"So be it. Keep that ass in the air, or else I might have to punish you again."

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda replied. She braced herself, waiting for the first sting of pain to bite into her tender flesh.

Denise's eyes twinkled as she watched the young girl, counting the seconds off in her mind, making her slut squirm with anticipation.

"I am going to give you twenty lashes, slut. After each one, you will count them off and say 'Thank You, Mistress, May I please have another?' Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda answered quietly.

Denise folded the leash and raised it over her head. She ticked off the seconds, then brought the leash down hard.

"One...Thank You, Mistress. May I please have another?" Amanda hissed, her teeth clenched against the stinging pain.

Denise brought the leash down again and again, each mark crossing the ones before it. Amanda's ass turned to a bright red with each lashing, and she fought to keep her ass high for her Mistress.

"N-n-nine...Thank You, Mistress. May I please have another?" Amanda said, her strength beginning to fail. Her ass felt like it was on fire and tears rolled down her cheeks.

"TENNNN...Thank You, Mistress. May I please have another?"

Denise smiled wickedly as she continued to whip the young girl with the leather leash. She could feel her pussy growing wet again, excitement building each time she brought the leash down.

"FOURTEEEEEEN...Th-Th-Thank You, Mistress. May I please have another?"

Amanda's breath was becoming short. She could feel her ass burning hotter each time the leash bit into her tender ass. More importantly, she could also feel the fire in her pussy growing. Never before in her young life had she been so excited, and she could feel an orgasm building each time her Mistress hit her.

"N-N-NIIINETEEEEEEEEEN...THANK YOU, MISTRESS. MAY I PLEEEEASE HAVE ANOTHER?"

Denise could sense the young girl's excitement and her cries only fuled her own. She was close to cumming again from beating her slut, something that had never happened to her before. She had said only twenty, but she was not sure now if she could stop there.

"TWENNNNNNNTYYYYYY...THANK YOU, MISTRESS. PLEASE MAY I HAVE ANOTHER?" Amanda screamed as she felt her legs start to shake, praying that her Mistress would continue so that she could have her orgasm.

Denise heard Amanda's cries and knew she was close to release. She didn't want to let the girl cum yet, but Denise was close also, her own legs shaking, her pussy feeling wet and hot. She could feel her own jucies running down her thighs as she brought the leash down again, this time harder than before, causing a thin line of blood to swell on the young ass.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK, YESSSSSS!!!," Amanda screamed as her orgasm grabbed her. Her head was back, her hands balled into fists, and her toes curling as she felt the electric heat begin in her pussy and spread up to her nipples and down into her thighs. She could feel her cum gushing from her pussy, wetting the bed.

The sight of the girl cumming, sent Denise over the edge, her own orgasm gripping her, causing her to become weak in the knees. She felt her cum gush down her legs and onto the carpet. She fell to her knees on the bed, one hand holding on for support, the other rubbing her pussy.

Amanda felt her Mistress fall to the bed, and knew she was cumming again. She pulled against her bindings, her fingers longing to plunge deep inside her hot pussy and bring her to another orgasm. She could smell the excitement of her Mistress and herself, and it kept her wanting more...

To Be Continued...