 Amanda walked slowly down the hall toward the class room, fear building with every step she took. She dreaded the meeting about to take place, but it was necessary if she wished to graduate.

Amanda had just turned eighteen, was a senior in high school and graduation was only four weeks away. For the most part, her grades were pretty good, all of them except one. She had been struggling in Chemistry all year, never getting anything over a C minus on any of her exams, and it had been slipping steadily all semester, something that upset her mother to no end. It was time to try and get help from the only person she knew could help her.

That person was Ms. Thompson, the Chemistry teacher. Amanda liked Ms. Thompson, but the older woman made her nervous. Ms. Thompson was 28 years old, 5' 10" tall, slim in build, with shoulder length red hair and piercing, hazel-green eyes. In contrast, Amanda was 5' 7" tall, also slim in build, with long blond hair and light blue eyes.

Final bell had just rang for the day, and Amanda stood out side the Science Lab, waiting for the room to empty out. She could hear Ms. Thompson giving the Freshmen science class a few final instructions as they filed out. After the last of the students had left, Amanda tentatively walked into the class room.

"M-M-Ms. Thompson?" Amanda asked shyly.

"Yes? What is it Amanda?" Ms. Thompson said without looking up form the notes she was writing.

"I need to talk to you about my grade ma'am," Amanda stammered. Her mouth felt dry and her palms were sweating. She could feel the blood rushing to her face as Ms. Thompson looked up at her with those piercing, green eyes.

"I've been meaning to talk to you about that myself," the older woman said as she leaned back on her desk, motioning for Amanda to have a seat. Ms. Thompson was dressed in a pale blue blouse, a knee length denim skirt, sheer stockings and three-inch black heels. Amanda was dressed in a thin white blouse that showed she was wearing a bra, knee length plaid skirt, white ankle socks, and brown penny loafers.

"Your grade has been slipping all semester, young lady," Ms. Thompson continued. "I'm afraid that if things continue at this rate, I will have no choice but to fail you."

"P-P-Please, Ms. Thompson," Amanda said, tears starting to well in her eyes. "I just have to pass. If I don't, my mom will kill me. Is there some kind of extra-credit work I could do?"

"I don't know, Amanda," Ms. Thompson said, looking down into Amanda's pale blue eyes. "Your grade is pretty bad. I don't know if there is enough time left in the school year for you to make it up, even with extra-credit."

"Please, Ms. Thompson," Amanda said, tears running down her checks, her mouth trembling. "I'll do anything to bring my grade up. I just have to pass. I have to graduate." Amanda began to cry into her hands, her stomach feeling upset.

"Anything?" Ms. Thompson said, arching her eyebrows.

Amanda looked up at Ms. Thompson, a small ray of hope building inside of her. "Y-Y-Yes, ma'am," she stammered. "I'll do anything to pass and graduate."

Ms. Thompson crossed her arms and studied the young girl for a moment, her eyes narrowing.

"Well then," she said finally. "Perhaps we can work something out. It is going to take a lot of hard work to bring that grade up, and with only four weeks of school left, we will need to work on it every day until school is out. That includes weekends. Are you willing to do that?"

Amanda sat there and looked at her teacher for a moment. She had not counted on giving up all of her free time to raise her grade, but knew she did not want to face her mother with a failing one.

"Yes, Ms. Thompson," Amanda said with a hard swallow. "I have to graduate. I have no choice."

"No, it appears you don't," Ms. Thompson said, reaching for a pen and paper. "Here is my address. I want you there at five o'clock sharp. No excuses. If your mother needs to know, just tell her that you are getting help with your chemistry. Understand?"

"Yes ma'am," Amanda said, taking the paper. "I will be there."

"See that you are," Ms. Thompson said returning to her notes. She watched Amanda leave the room out of the corner of her eye, a smile coming to her lips.

********************

Denise Thompson rushed home as fast as she could, cursing every red light between the school and her home. She rushed inside, checking the time.

'Only an hour to get ready,' she thought as she set her briefcase down.

She quickly undressed, wondering if she had time for a shower. She dismissed it, an idea forming in her ever active imagination. Instead, she went to her bedroom to get ready for her "guest".

She started by pulling on a very small, tight, black thong. She decided against a bra, slipping on a thin, white silk blouse. She pulled on a black leather mini-skirt, followed by her black leather thigh-high boots. She checked to make sure that all of her equipment was in place, ready for use. She then went to the living room and waited for the agreed upon time to arrive.

She kept glancing at the clock, then the mirror. She was a bundle of sexual energy, waiting for release. She kept going over everything she had planned in her mind when she heard the light knock on her door.

Denise checked the clock before going to the door. As she opened it, she drank in the sight before her, and fought back a smile.

"You are five minutes late, young lady!" she said to Amanda. "Maybe you were not serious about raising your grade this afternoon."

"B-B-But my watch says five o'clock," Amanda stammered, her eyes wide with shock and fear. Seeing the way her teacher was dressed made her face turn a bright red, suddenly wondering what she had gotten herself into.

"I don't care what your watch says," Denise said, grabbing the trembling girl by the arm and yanking her inside. "My clock says it is five after. Do you still wish to raise your chemistry grade, Amanda?"

"Yes, ma'am," Amanda whispered, swallowing hard. She found herself staring at her teachers breasts, mesmerized by their fullness.

"You will call me Mistress Denise while you are in my home, slut," Denise said, locking the door. "Do you like staring at my breasts, slut?" she asked, slapping Amanda across the face, her palm leaving a nice red mark on the young girls face.

"Yes, ma--Mistress, I mean, no Mistress," the young girl floundered as she dropped her book bag and raised her hand to her stinging cheek.

"Quiet slut," Denise said as she guided Amanda into the living room. Denise sat on the sofa, looking at Amanda. "Take off your clothes, slut."

"M-M-My clothes?" Amanda asked, fear in her eyes.

"YES, YOUR CLOTHES," Denise commanded, anger flashing in her eyes. "TAKE THEM OFF NOW!!"

Amanda took a step back, her hands coming up to protect her face, afraid of another slap.

"Fine," Denise said, rising from the sofa, anger in her voice. "If you would rather fail, take your things and get out. I don't want you wasting any more of my time. Go. Now."

Amanda dropped to her knees and grabbed Denise's leg. "Please, Mistress. Don't throw me out. Please. I'll do better Mistress, I promise. Please give me another chance, Mistress. Please."

Denise looked down at her student, there eyes locked, a frown on her face. She could see the tears on Amanda's cheeks.

"Very well," she said with a sigh. "But I want no more disobedience from you. Is that understood? One more act of defiance, no matter how small, and you can kiss any hope of passing my class good bye."

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda said, looking into Denise's penetrating eyes, her bottom lip trembling.

"Now, remove your clothes. I want to see your hot teen body," Denise said leaning back and crossing her legs.

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda said as she stood before Denise.

Amanda could feel her cheeks burn as her shaking fingers fumbled with the buttons of her blouse. She worked form the top down, sliding the blouse from her slim shoulders and laying it aside. She kicked off her shoes, then unbuttoned her skirt letting it fall to the floor.

"What are you waiting for?" Denise asked, feeling the dampness between her legs. "I want you completely naked. Then we will begin work on improving your grade."

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda mumbled as she reached around and unclasped her bra, freeing her 34B breasts. Her nipples stiffened in the cool air as she hooked her thumbs in the elastic of her white cotton panties and slid them down past her slim hips and smooth legs.

"Give me those," Denise said as Amanda was about to lay her panties aside. Amanda handed them to her Mistress and stepped back, watching as Denise held the panties under her nose and sniffed them. "Mmmmm, not bad," Denise said folding the panties and laying them on a nearby table.

"Hmmmm," Denise said looking at her student. "Not bad. I see that you shave your pussy. That's good. I love a bald pussy. Turn around and show me your ass."

Amanda turned here back to Denise, not sure of what else to do.

"Bend over. Grab your ankles," Denise commanded. Amanda obeyed without a word, her face feeling warm and flushed.

"Mmmmmmmm, very nice," Denise said as she reached out an felt Amanda's ass. "Nice and young and tight. Do you exercise to get it that firm, slut?"

"I jog in the mornings, Mistress," Amanda replied. "It helps me to wake up."

"Good," Denise said, her hands still roaming over Amanda's young ass. She slid one hand between her slut's legs and felt the wetness she knew would be there. "My, but we are wet, aren't we slut?" Denise cooed.

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda said, feeling her pussy being invaded by Denise's fingers.

"And tight, too. Tell me slut, are you a virgin? And when did you shave last?"

Amanda let out a soft moan as Denise pumped her finger in and out of Amanda's pussy. "Yes, Mistress, I am a virgin. And I shaved this morning in the shower. I try to shave every two or three days."

"From now on, you will shave every morning. And you might as well get rid of your panties and bras. You will no longer be needing them," Denise said as she pulled her finger from Amanda's pussy.

Amanda watched as Denise licked and sucked her finger, tasting Amanda's juices. She heard Denise moan as she sucked on it.

"You taste very sweet slut," Denise said returning to the sofa. "Turn around and get on your knees. Lace your fingers behind your head, and spread your knees apart."

Amanda quickly did as she was told, not saying a word. In this position, her breasts were thrust forward, and Denise would have excellent access to her pussy.

"Tell, me slut," Denise said as she rubbed Amanda's left nipple with the heel of her boot, causing the young girl to moan in pleasure. "Do you masturbate?"

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda answered shyly, trying to rub harder against Denise's boot. But Denise kept moving the stimulation away.

"What do you think about when you masturbate? What gets you good and wet?" Denise asked as she moved the toe of one boot to Amanda's pussy, rubbing it against the young girl's clit.

"I-" Amanda began, fighting back another moan building inside of her. "I think about people I wish were with me. Movie stars, class mates--ohhhhh--teachers--ahhhhhhh," Amanda moaned in spite of herself, unable to contain her obvious pleasure.

Denise lifted the toe of her boot from Amanda's pussy and held it in front on the girls mouth. "Lick," she said. "Clean your juices form my boot and I will begin with some ground rules."

Amanda slid her soft tongue over the supple leather of Denise's boot as she listened to her Mistress.

"First, you will no longer wear panties or a bra. Not to school, not here, and not at home. Don't test me on this. I will find out.

"Second, you will shave every morning. I want you smooth and silky all the time. Suck on the heel now, slut."

Amanda moved to comply, sucking on the heel. Denise moved the toe of the other boot so that it rubbed against Amanda's clit, toying with the girl, keeping her excited, but not allowing her to cum.

"Third, you will no longer be known as Amanda. Your name is 'slut' now. I will still call you Amanda at school, but when you are here, you are 'slut'.

"Fourth, when you are here, you will dress only in this," Denise said leaning forward to fasten a leather dog collar around Amanda's neck. "I may add to your ensemble, but for now, that will do.

"Fifth, you belong to me. Your ass, your pussy, your tits, all of you, belongs to me. You no longer own your body. I do. And I will use it as I see fit.

"Sixth, you are only to have sex with whom I tell you to. Right now, the only person you are to have sex with is me.

"Seventh, you are no longer allowed to masturbate unless I give you permission first. Not at home, not at school, and not here, unless I tell you to. And you must always ask permission before you do so. Lick the other boot now, slut."

Amanda moved quickly to obey. She leaned down, her soft tongue running over the smooth, supple leather. She realized she was beginning to make love to the boot. Kissing and licking all around the toe, slowly working her way up the leg.

"Eighth, I want you here every free moment that you have. Afternoon, evenings, nights, and weekends. I will call for a special parent/teacher conference with your mother, and make it ok with her. After graduation, you will not be going to college. Instead, you will move in here with me, so that you will be able to service me anytime I wish.

"Ninth, I expect you to be here before I am everyday after school. I will get you a key. You are to let yourself in, change into your slut attire, and fix dinner. I will leave the recipe you are to fix setting on the kitchen table. You are to clean up afterwards, making sure all of the dishes are clean and put away.

"Tenth, you will bathe me every night, either before you go home, or before we bed for the night, or any other time I wish to bathe. Do you have any questions, slut?"

"No, Mistress," Amanda said as she continued to lick her way up the boot. She was now between Denise's legs licking the inside of the right boot, near the top. She could smell the older woman's excitement and longed to taste her pussy.

"Does my pussy excite you, slut?" Denise asked, seeing the girl eye her wet love tunnel.

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda whispered as she continued to give the boot a tongue bath. She could feel her mouth water at the prospect of tasting her Mistress.

"All right," Denise said, grabbing Amanda by the hair and pulling the young girl's head into her hot pussy. "Let's see what kind of talents you have. I want you to pull my thong down, but I want you to use your teeth, not your hands. Then I want you to put that tongue of yours to work. After that, we'll see what's next."

Amanda slid her hands up and pushed the mini-skirt back out of the way. She then leaned in and took the elastic of Denise's thong in her teeth and slowly pulled the older woman's underwear down past her hips, sliding them down each leg of Denise's boots until they were free. She looked up, holding the thong in her teeth, her eyes locking with those of the older woman.

Denise smiled at the young girl and stroked her long, blond hair. She took the thong form her and laid it next to the pair of panties Amanda had been wearing earlier that day.

Amanda smiled back at her Mistress as she leaned down, kissing Denise's inner thigh, her teeth lightly grazing against the older woman's smooth skin. Amanda slowly licked and kissed her way toward the moist lips in front of her. The scent was intoxicating to the young blond woman as she inched closer and closer.

Denise pushed Amanda's head in tight, moaning as the young girl's soft tongue licked up and down the outer lips of her pussy. She continued to stroke her pet's hair as Amanda pushed her tongue deep inside the older woman's pussy.

"That's it, slut," Denise said. "Fuck me with that tongue. Make your Mistress cum and you will be rewarded."

Amanda moaned as she licked and lapped at the juices pouring from Denise's pussy. Her tongue found the tender clit and sucked it into her hot mouth. Denise responded by pushing harder on the blond head between her thighs, her hips rising off the sofa, grinding her pussy into Amanda's face.

"Ohhhhhhhh, that's it, slut," Denise moaned, grabbing fistfuls of the young girl's blond hair. "Suck my clit, slut. Harder--ahhhhhhhh FUCK--suck it harder bitch. Bite it. Fuck me with your fingers."

Amanda responded instantly to each of Denise's commands. She slid two fingers deep into the pussy she was sucking on. She sucked and nibbled on the clit in her mouth, moaning as she did so, pumping her fingers deeper and faster.

'Damn, for one so young, she's good,' Denise thought as she felt her orgasm building, her toes starting to curl. Her hips bucked harder into the young girl's face, sweat glistening on her brow. Her eyes were closed and she was moaning louder and louder under Amanda's oral assault.

Amanda added two more fingers as she pumped them deeper and deeper. She sucked harder, nibbling faster on the clit in her mouth, trying to swallow as much of the juices flowing from her Mistress as she could. Her own pussy was on fire, begging for attention, especially after the teasing from the boots. Amanda was dieing to finger herself off, longing for the bliss of release. But she did not dare, for fear of upsetting her Mistress.

Denise felt her legs start to shake as Amanda pushed her over the edge. Denise pushed Amanda's face hard into her pussy, grinding her pussy into the young girl's face as her orgasm erupted from her cunt. Denise let out a low groan, feeling Amanda's soft tongue licking and lapping up her cum.

Denise stroked the long blond hair, as she came back to her senses. Amanda continued to lick and suck at Denise's clit, her fingers still deep inside of her. Denise pushed the blond head away and looked down into Amanda's eyes. The young girl's face was drenched in her cum, and Denise thought she saw a small sadness in the girl's eyes at being pushed away from the sweet juices she craved.

"You did very well, slut," Denise said. "Have you been with a woman before?"

Amanda blushed. "Yes, Mistress," she replied. "Only two. I hope I pleased you Mistress."

"Mmmmmmmmmm, yes, slut," Denise said as she contemplated this new information. "I am pleased. One more thing I want you to do, and if you do as well with this, then I will reward you greatly." Denise said this last with a wicked grin.

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda said, biting at her bottom lip. She was trying to squeeze her legs together and relieve some of the itching between her legs.

"Is your pussy wet, slut? Is it burning with desire?" Denise asked, smiling.

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda replied, her blue eyes sparkling. "Very much so."

"Well, come with me," Denise said rising off the sofa and hooking a leash to Amanda's collar. "If you do this as well as you ate my pussy, I will be more than happy to help you scratch that itch." Denise tugged on the leash and started off down a short hall way. Amanda followed on her hands and knees as fast as she could, watching Denise's ass sway as she walked.

Denise led her pet to a bathroom at the end of the hall. Amanda returned to her kneeling position after she was in the bathroom, waiting for the older woman's instructions.

"Undress me, slut," Denise commanded. "Everything but the boots. Leave them on for now."

"Yes, Mistress," Amanda replied. She reached up and unzipped the skirt, carefully lowering it and helping her Mistress step out of it. She stood and forced her trembling fingers to work the buttons of the silk blouse. She gently slipped the blouse from Denise's shoulders, and pulled it free of her arms. She folded it gently and placed it on the edge of the sink, then returned to her kneeling position, gazing at the beauty of the woman before her.
