 Synopsis: Ms. Pettison is back in action, and she's got a new job! Now a teacher for the much more formal Lindinburg Academy, she's got a whole new group of girls under her wing. Will she finally be on track and teach these girls what they need to know, or will they learn something new?

This story contains extremely detailed descriptions of many sexual acts, including lesbians, a spanking scene, toys, and more lesbians. If this material offends you, or you are not of the legal age to even be looking at this, I must formally advise you to not read any further. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Oh my gosh, I'm so excited!

It's my first day at my new job! I can't wait!

I remember my old job as a teacher for Lindinburg High, an all-girl private school. I got in trouble there, though, because I was having some pretty intimate relations with a student named Molly. She helped me with one of my past sexual problems, and eventually she became my lover. She's asleep right now, though, so I don't want to wake her. I want to start the day fresh.

Speaking of which, I really should introduce myself. My name is Patricia Pettison. I'm technically single (as in 'not married'), 5'10", 132 lbs, and I have long brunette hair that reaches down to the bottom of my shoulder blades.

Oh, yeah! I should also tell you that I'm a lesbian, but you probably already figured that out yourself.

Now for some history about me and Molly...

A little over a year ago, Molly's parents changed their minds about me. No longer was I allowed in their house, and they even found a way to get me banned from school completely. Molly ran away from home and, because of her parents' disowning her, I was able to sign the papers to call her my own. It was a struggle, though, because the school had been my only source of income. I've been doing side jobs for a while now, just until I could make ends meet and find a way to get an interview by someplace final.

My new job is again as a General Education teacher (it's sort-of like a review class), but for a much more formal all-girl private school, called Lindinburg Academy. I heard that they run things a little differently here than they did at the old school. I was told that I was to teach a different subject every day.

It didn't make sense to me, though. Why would they want me to constantly switch lessons? Wouldn't it just confuse the students? It even confuses me!

I really shouldn't complain, though. After all, I'm getting paid.

I grab my purse and walk out the door. It's Monday, and I'm in my new uniform, a dark blue business suit complete with a black tie and black high heels, hopping into Molly's shiny red 2002 Firebird that she had before I knew her. I drive off and after getting through traffic, I pull up into my very own parking space in front of the Academy. I step out and pat down my dress and hair, just to look nice, and I walk through the doors to the Main Lobby. I walk over to the secretary and tell her who I am, asking her to point me in the right direction. She gives me a map and explains where I have to go.

It's a very short walk, just down a couple of hallways and past a study room.

I turn towards the door of my class and reach for the handle. I turn it slowly, cherishing the moment before I open the door and walk inside.

When I shut the door behind me, I look around at all of the fresh young faces who I'm supposed to mold into a pack of bright futures and big paychecks. They all looked pretty young for their age.

Because this was a very formal private school, every girl in the room was dressed the exact same way, in their uniforms. They were all sitting at a typical school desk, looking like zombies, none of them showed any emotion.

I had learned uniformity is a key rule in this school, but I never knew they'd be so literal.

Every girl had on a dark blue blazer with short sleeves and a short-sleeve white button-up dress shirt underneath it. Around their necks, each one wore a dark blue button-tie and they all had blue and black plaid skirts. On their feet, there were white knee-high socks and shiny blue dress shoes everywhere.

Luckily, each girl was somewhat original with their hairstyles. Out of about thirty girls, half of them were brunette, a little more than a quarter of them were blondes, and the rest were redheads. Some girls went conservative and had their hair straight, while others went for a curly or crimped look. Some girls had ponytails in their hair, only a couple girls had a ribbon.

Knowing how the school's dress code is, I was certain that a ribbon was against it, but I wanted these girls to be free to express themselves in what little way they could.

"Hello, class!" I spoke maybe a little too loudly, my voice echoed across the spacious room.

Hearing my voice, emotion returned to their faces and they all shouted "Hello teacher!" in unison, then went on talking to their neighbors.

I looked around the room even more. The room looked like the room from when I was back in college, with the professor's podium in the front of the classroom (but there was a desk here instead of a podium), with chairs galore out into the back of the classroom, getting higher and higher with each passing row. I looked farther into the room, and right at the front of the classroom, off on the side, was an office.

I tell the class to do whatever they want for a while, and I walk into the office.

Inside is nothing special. A small desk in the back corner with a computer sitting on it, and then there's a much bigger desk in what might be the exact center of the office. I close the door behind me and walk over to the empty desk in the center. I set my purse down next to it and glance up at the big, cozy black office chair behind the desk.

I practically ran around to sit in it. When I did, it felt so good that I just had to put my legs up and spin around in it like it was a party. After a complete circle, I remembered exactly where I was and I put my legs down.

I got a glimpse of the many desk drawers before me. I quickly ran through them all and found out they were all empty.

I was apparently the first teacher to step foot in this office.

And then it hit me. I have my own office!

I stand up with a smile on my face and start to walk out of the office, and then I noticed a long, flat board in the corner of the room behind the door. I walked over to it and picked it up by it's handle.

It was a paddle. A thick, flat, wooden paddle. In solid-black ink, it had the word "Lindinburg" engraved onto it in bold with a decorative border around the front. The back of it was blank.

I set it back down, wondering.

What would I need a paddle for?

I open the door and walk out into the class, telling the students to quiet down.

"Okay, class. My name is Ms. Pettison, and..."

"Hello, Ms. Pettison!" exclaimed the class in perfect unison.

I chuckled for a second.

"... and I will be teaching you everything you need to know to succeed in today's world. Now, since this is my first day here, I will begin with introducing myself," I explained. I looked around the classroom, and nobody seemed interested in the speech I was about to give. I really wanted to start off on good terms, so I decided to take an alternate route to my teaching method, letting them ease into the whole setup.

"Never mind, class. Let's just do what we want today so we can become more comfortable with each other. Who knows, maybe you all could find some new friends!"

There was a whisper-like applause coming from the class, and then they just went to talking with each other as they were doing before.

"Though, I must warn you all. If any one of you breaks a single school rule in my class, I will punish you in the best way I see fit," I yelled above the chatter amongst those young minds.

- - -

The first day went pretty well.

After the two hours that class takes, all of my students rushed out the door and onto their next part of the day.

One student in particular stayed after for a bit. She had no reason to, seeing as we did absolutely nothing today, meaning I didn't give any homework, but she walked up to me anyway.

She was one of the brunettes. Her hair was long and straight, down to her back. Her face was so pure, so innocent.

"Ms. Pettison?" she asked me, with a voice so soft I could sleep on it.

"Yes, dear?" I replied.

"Thanks for letting us talk today. No other teacher is that lenient towards us. You've been the best so far. Thanks again!" she chimed before she turned and walked out of my office.

The door closed behind her and I couldn't help but smile again.

I love my job.

- - -

I walked into the classroom the next day, and because of the dress code, a person could swear that we all wore the same clothes for two days in a row.

Anyway, I started to develop a morning ritual. I walked straight into my office, set my purse beside my desk, walked out and begun my lesson.

"Okay, class. Today's lesson is about Nuclear Radiation Byproducts. Now I was told that you all have been taught this already in your other classes, so I just wanted to review a few points since this is going to be on the test next Friday." I knew I was rushing and going into something too advanced for so early in the year, but I wanted to speed up the learning process and only teach these kids what they'll need to know for the Final Exam.

Of course, about twenty minutes into my lesson, a girl in the back complained about how fast I was talking. I told her I would slow down, but five minutes later she complained again about how fast I was talking and I told her that I couldn't talk any slower.

She just sat back and mumbled something like "It don't matter anyway, 'cause we'll never use this in the real world."

I got mad now. Saying things like that are insulting to a teacher.

"Come down here NOW, young lady!" I shouted, louder than I probably should have.

She got up and walked down in front of me.

"Get in my office!" I yelled into her face.

Suddenly, Ms. Nice Pettison turned into something not-so-nice.

I told the class to talk quietly, and as I was walking into my office, I heard behind me the entire class taunting "Ooooooh! Trouble!"

I almost slammed the door behind me and I walked over to my chair and sat down. The young lady was standing in front of my desk, just looking at me like she thinks she did nothing wrong.

"Young miss, do you realize the gravity of your statement? Do you have any idea how insulting that is to a teacher?" I asked her, with a violent tone of voice.

"So what? I mean, it's all true. It's not like we'll really need Nuclear Byproducts on our resume," she told me with such a confident attitude. I had to break her down and establish my authority here.

That's when I remembered the paddle.

"Young lady? Do the other teachers do anything drastic to the students here when they are punished?"

"Well, no. Not usually. They sometimes beat us with a paddle if we're really bad, but other than that, no." I was so happy by what she just said, you could see my smile from outer space.

"Young lady, bend over my desk, please." I wanted to have some fun.

"Why? I didn't do anything that bad!" she claimed.

"Ah, but you did! You see, in saying what you said out there, in the class, you have caused me pain. So now, I shall cause you pain."

As much as she didn't want to, she appeared to have been treated this ridiculously before, and she bent over the desk without another word.

I stood up and went to go get the paddle.

"Please, don't!" she cried one last time. "I didn't do anything that bad!"

"Quiet!" I shouted as the paddle swooped down hard onto her behind. She winced, but her reaction wasn't as satisfying as I wanted it to be.

"How'd that feel?" I asked, and she just shook her head.

"I think we should raise the stakes a bit, then," I told her before walking closer to her, flipping her skirt up and exposing her bleached-white panties to the world.

CRACK!!

Another slap with the paddle, and she almost jumped. Much stronger, but still not as satisfying as I wanted it to be.

I walked closer to her again, reaching with my other hand and slid my fingers under the waistband of her panties, briskly pulling them down and exposing her lower hills, catching sight of the two slightly red spots where I hit her with the paddle. I stepped back to admire what was my work and then...

CRACK!!!

A harder slap than anything I did before and she immediately yelped, then reached behind herself to hold and soothe her bright red buttocks.

"You see, little girl?" I asked her happily. "I am in charge, and I can do anything I want to you when you disobey me."

"I never disobeyed you," she said.

"Well, I guess that's true. But you did insult me as a teacher, and for that I have punished you," I told her.

"So can I go now?" she asked me.

"I don't know, have you learned your lesson?" I replied.

"I think so," she said, kindly.

"And what might that lesson be?" I asked.

"School is important. Every subject is important. Whether I use it in life or not doesn't matter, because it matters right now." A genuine answer, but I wanted to have some fun with her.

"That's not true. Every subject is important all the time. How do you know if, in the future, you won't need this knowledge for a job?" I asked, hoping to get her to say something that would let me use the paddle again.

"I'm not getting a job yet, I'm gonna go to Harvard," she said.

"Harvard is no exception," I told her. "Harvard will assume that you already know the kind of things only I can teach you."

"Yeah, like what?" she asked, regaining that rebellious attitude she had just moments ago.

Realizing she was still bent over the desk with her red butt on display, I raised the paddle and brought it down, allowing it to make contact with her skin again. She winced and gasped at the same time.

"Respect is the first lesson you need to learn, young lady," I told her, slightly raising my voice for no reason.

"Ow, quit!" she yelled back to me. "I didn't do anything this time!"

"How did you know I was done punishing you from last time?" I was acting completely out of nature now, but I just wanted to have fun with her.

She wasn't in the mood, though.

"I'm going to report you when I get out of here. You want me to respect you? Start respecting me, then!" she shouted at me, then stood up, pulling up her panties and flipping down her skirt.

Oh, well. Better luck next time.

- - -

It took me quite the while to explain myself to the dean about why I "assaulted" another student, and that fight didn't go over well.

My first week wasn't even half over yet, and I was already in trouble.

Luckily, he just let me off with a warning. If something like that ever happened again, though, I would be fired on the spot. That's what he told me.

- - -

The next day, I knew I'd have to cool it if I was going to keep my job.

"Okay, class. Today, we start our lesson on the extent of gravitational pull. Who wants to tell us what they know? Anyone?" I tried to get the class involved, but no one seemed interested.

Now, I was in trouble. I wanted to get these students excited about being in my class, and yet nothing I did was working. I couldn't just let them talk like I did the first couple days, because then they wouldn't learn anything.

I think I may have an idea, though.

"Never mind, no questions. Why don't we just play a game to get more comfortable around our classmates. It will also help me learn each of your names as well. When I call on you, you will tell me your name along with one thing you like to do to pass the time when you're alone." This idea might work.

I pointed to a girl in the front. She was one of the only redheads, with short and straight hair. She also had an almost unnoticeable brick-red clip in her hair.

"You! Why don't you start?"

She stood up and turned around to face the class, even though I never told her to do either, and she started to speak. She sounded unsure of herself, though.

"I, uh... my name is Lida, and... um... I usually just watch TV to pass the time when I'm alone," she shrugged before she quickly sat back down and blushed.

This is the main reason I wanted them all to get more comfortable with their classmates, so THAT wouldn't happen.

"Any volunteers to go next?" I called out.

The girl who almost had me fired stood up next, saying "My name's Crystal, and I drink when I'm alone." Well, at least she's honest.

Before I could speak again, another girl stood up and said "I'm Amy, and I do my makeup when I'm alone."

Random girls started standing up and saying their names and hobbies, everyone seemed to really get into it. Eventually, the last girl stood up and said her stuff, sitting back down with a smile on her face.

I tried my best to remember all of their names, but I know I'll mess up soon.

"There! Now, do you all feel better about the other students in this class?" I asked them.

"Yeah!" was the unanimous cheer.

"Hey! Why don't you all tell us your name and what you like to do!" shouted a girl in the back. I think she said her name was Rebecca.

I laughed, expecting this question.

"Well, why not? It's only fair, right?" I laughed again. "My name is Patricia, and when I'm alone, I... well, I really shouldn't be telling you this." I blushed because I know the truth, but I knew that if I told them, I would get fired for sure.

"Tell us!" shouted more than a few students.

"Do you want me to be completely honest? You're not going to think it's very ladylike!" I warned them.

"Tell us!" shouted Crystal. "Give us your dirty lettle secret! Come on!"

"You really want to know?" This was it, everything is on the line now. "I masturbate when I'm alone to pass the time. That's the most personal thing I could possibly tell you girls, so there! Don't hate me for it, because I'm sure each and every one of you has done it before, too."

"No one hates you," said a random girl in the class, I didn't catch which girl.

"Yeah, I don't hate you," said a brunette in the second row, named Trish (I think). "I masturbate a couple times a night, sometimes more."

"Same here," is what I now heard from a few other girls.

"So, you all are completely comfortable telling about something as personal as this?" I asked, thinking that this might go a different route than what would be preferred.

"Hey," shouted Crystal from the back, standing up, "if you are comfortable saying it, so are we." I may get to liking her after all.

"Well, I'm sure that's not the only dirty secret we all have, so do any of you want to share another one?" I asked, but then everyone looked like they were either thinking about how to answer that, or looking like they were too uncomfortable with the question to speak any further.

"What if I start?" I ask them, and a few students nod their heads.

"Not many people know I'm actually a lesbian." There it is. The two most personal things about me, and I've just listed them off to a room full of teenage girls who probably have no interest in hearing that from a woman a bit less than twice their age.

The room was completely silent now, not a breath was heard. I was worried that now would be the time these girls freak out, but one brave soul asked me a question I never expected, one that showed genuine interest.

"Have you always been one?" she asked. Brunette, long curly hair tied with a ribbon. I believe her name was Melissa.

I just looked at her in shock that she was interested. It took me a second or two to remember that her question meant she wanted a response.

"Uh, yes! I do believe that I've been a lesbian since I was born."

"Does that mean you're still a virgin?" asked another girl from the back, I couldn't see her well enough to know what she looked like exactly. I don't remember her name, but I answered her anyway.
