 Author's Note:

Hey guys... sorry about the late entry, but life has been crazy for me... If this is your first time reading this story, I would recommend you to read the chapters before this. Please do not copy or print for your own purposes without my permission. Enjoy and please leave some feedback... 

XOXO, Maela

*

I was excited as Friday came up. During class, Maria and I kept staring at each other. She made the students get to work, then walked over to her seat and pulled out her paperwork, all the while her eyes looked at me and she smiled at me. Only the two of us knew the secret. Two weeks ago, I seduced her, and ever since then, we have not been able to keep our hands off of each other. This weekend, we were going to her private beach house in San Diego that she had received after her divorce settlement.  

As I kept staring at her, in the corner of my eye, I caught her running her hand up and down her beautifully toned thigh and I felt myself get a little wet. She was wearing a tight black skirt that fell above the knee, with a slits on the sides. Underneath, she wore black stockings. Her blouse was bright red, and with ruffles down the front. As I looked at this beautiful, sexy woman, the only word that came to mind was, "Mine". She was mine. This gorgeous, hot Latina was my pussy eating whore, and I was hers. My pussy twitched at the recognition and I felt it getting wetter. God, I wanted her.

I was about a month away from graduating, and this was my last month together with her before I left for college. I would use up that time wisely but at the same time, I wasn't sure if I wanted to leave her. We loved each other very much, but we haven't discussed our plans for the future. 

I knew that I didn't want to think about another woman for as long I lived. But I also knew that unless she wanted to move away, we would have to separate when I left for UC San Diego. I sighed a little sad, but even more aroused as memories of our weekend came back. The way she screamed my name in passion as I ate her pussy, and finger-fucked her to orgasm, or the way she licked my cunt until not a drop of wetness was left. I felt myself squirm, incredibly aroused. 

Suddenly, my eyes caught hers again, and this time, she stuck the end of the pen in her beautiful ruby red lips as her tongue came out and caressed the tip. My breath caught in my throat, as I imagined that tongue caressing mine and running over my most sensitive areas on my body. Just to be equally bad, ran my tongue over my lips and dug through my bag before taking a nude picture of me out and carefully place it in the center of the paper, faced down. 

I took it the night before. In the picture, I was in my pink room, sitting up against my bed. I had set up my webcam to take my picture before I saved it under a private password protected file. My legs were spread so that she could see my shaven pussy, as two fingers rubbed my clit. My eyes were looking straight at the camera, as if looking at her. 

I scribbled down, "I missed you so much this weekend. I wanted to push three fingers into your tight cunt so bad. I can't wait until tonight, when we would be together again. I love you." I quickly looked around to see that no one was watching before I folded it up and wrote on it, "Read after class." 

After class was over, I got up and walked to my next class. During class, I received a text from my secret lover. She wrote: Young lady, I was so hot and bothered I had to excuse myself to the restroom to stick three fingers in my pussy and get off... That was such a beautiful picture I came, just looking at it. But it was too risky of you to give this to me during class. Tonight, you are gonna receive a punishment."

My panties got wetter at the thought of being punished by this beautiful goddess, and inside I was giggling. After school was over, I went home and packed a duffle, telling my parents a couple of friends and I were driving down to UC San Diego to check out the campus before we leave in the summer. Suffice to say, my parents were worried, but allowed me to go, with a promise that we would be careful. When they asked who we were staying with, I told them that one of our friends had a sister who lived down there.

I drove over to Maria's house and parked in her garage before calling my friends and telling them that I would not be home this weekend. As I got inside Maria's house, I ran into her arms and crushed her lips with mine. She responded by slipping her tongue into my mouth and running her hands over my 38C breasts. She thrummed my nipples, making me breathless, as I pulled off her blouse, and skirt. I took off the rest of her clothing until she was left her in her sexy stockings and garters. She looked at me with lust, as I pulled off my tight t-shirt and jeans. I had taken off my thong and bra before I came to her house, and I was naked before her. 

She laid down on her carpet, and came on top of her. She giggled as I sucked on her nipples, making her moan and cry out, "Oh god, somebody is horny."

I bit her nipple, making her jump before saying, "Damn right. Do you know how long I waited to get this week. Why do you think I gave you a picture of me masturbating. You slut."

I lightly slapped her tits around, as she grabbed mine and kissed me again. Our tongues wrestled together as I ran my hands down her front and found her pussy, wet and waiting for me. I laughed as I said, "Hmmmm, somebody's pussy is wet."

Maria blushed before she answered, "Yes. That picture made me come twice."

I moved my head to her lower body until my lips came to level with her pussy. I drew out my tongue and slowly licked her labia.

"Oooh. Yes, that's nice."

"Yeah, you like that slut."

"Mmmmmmmmm... I love it." She breathlessly answered as I ran the tip of my tongue over her clit. Then I licked her whole pussy. She cried out as I continued to lick her pussy. 

"Mmmmm... you're pussy is so sweet. I've been dreaming of this this whole week."

I continued licking her pussy lips furiously, making up for the time that we did not get to spend together. I entered three fingers, her favorite digits, aside from the big ass strap-on that she loved to fuck me with, and her breathing became rapid as I filled up her tight little twat. She bucked and screamed under me, "Oh, fuck me. Fuck me Maela. I love your fucking tongue. Oh God... Oh god... Fuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!"

I moaned into her cunt, making her moan even louder. Her pussy was lubricating quite liberatingly. I licked it all up, "God you hot bitch. You like that you slut... You pussy eating whore. Mmmmm.... I know I love this pussy..."

My dirty words spurred her on, making her shake until finally, I felt her pussy walls squeeze my fingers and she came all over me. I lapped up her juices, and moaned. When she came back down from her orgasm, I was laying up next to her. She laughed, clearly expended before saying, "Mmmmmm... if you keep this up, we will not make it to San Diego."

"Well," I replied, as my fingers went down to caress her clit, "it doesn't matter where we go, as long as I get to fuck that pretty brain of yours out."

Maria's breath caught as my finger rubbed her clit. She reached down, and removed my hand before saying, "Your turn."

I eagerly spread my legs as she moved down body and began worshipping my tits. She sucked one nipple, then the other before moving down to my pussy. She tongued my clit, sending me to the moon and back. I panted as she continued to kiss and suck my pussy lips. I cried out, as she spoke to me, "Mmmmmmmmm.... My hot little slut is all wet. Did your pussy get all wet?"

"Mmmmm-hmmm... mmmmm.... Fuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkkkk.... Yes."

"Hmmm... you are one hot little whore... look at this pussy all dripping." She touched my pussy lips with her nails, lightly scratching me, making me gasp. She ran her red fingernail over my hot little clit, before going back to work on my pussy.

"Mmmmm... I love this young hot pussy," she commented, driving me insane with her wonderful tongue. Suddenly, I felt her long tongue enter my pussy, nearly making me explode. She began stabbing her tongue into my pussy.

"Mmmm... god Maria, fuck me.... Fuck me.... Oh god... oh god... Fuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkkkk... Suck my clit bitch... suck it... Aw... fuck... I'm cummmmmmmmmmiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnngg..."

I exploded all over her tongue. She quickly sucked up my juices. She ate me to another two orgasms, before I pulled her head up, and kissed her, tasting myself and her on our tongues. We lay together on her carpet, exhausted and ready for more this weekend... 

After an hour of making love on Maria's carpet floor, we both dragged ourselves up and got ready to leave for the beach house.

*

To be continued...

Please leave feedback so I'll know if I am doing a good job... ;P... and again, sorry for the long wait.

XOXO, Maela