 Isabelle Frost smiled as she stretched out; her newest pair of Christian Louboutins glinting as the sunlight hit the stiletto tip. Only 2 years ago, she couldn't have even afforded one pair of these shoes. Now, she owned several. Her wardrobe had also morphed, becoming more sophisticated, sexier. Not that it mattered.

The long-legged blonde looked at her huge office, feeling positively decadent as she thought about how she was going to decorate it. She'd only had it a little while and the place was only slightly smaller than her old apartment. With a near-unlimited expense account, she was going to indulge.

Some might have called Isabelle's ascent to power luck. Or Serendipity. Yes, she'd been in the right place at the right time, but there was no luck to it. She knew where Bob Reynolds had lunch every day, she had studied his routine. She knew he liked attractive women, but after doing some diligent research, she knew that he was also impressed with women who were savvy. Having graduated at the top of her class, Isabelle was savvy indeed.

She approached him at the bar, told him she had always enjoyed the campaigns he had worked on and rattled off several by name. She also told Bob ... "Mr. Reynolds" at the time ... if she was ever lucky enough to work for a man like him, she'd consider herself lucky. Then she walked away with a slight sway to her hips and let him watch her legs in the short skirt, real stockings and high-heeled shoes she had worn especially for that meeting.

She went back to the Palermo a few days later and he approached her. Mr. Reynolds told her a Junior Executive wasn't working out and if she was willing to put in the hours and do the grunt work ... he hadn't even finished when she accepted.

Isabelle worked like a dog, but she kept her eyes and ears open. Rumors abounded about her sleeping with Mr. Reynolds, as they had lunch together twice a week and Isabelle did dress in a slightly-provocative manner at work.

Bob Reynolds put an end to the first rumor. "She picks my brain constantly and she listens, something a few more of you could learn to do," He told his staff, letting them know the talk was to end. As for the second, at 5'10" and with a 36-22-35 figure, most anything Isabelle wore tended to look sexy on her. She was also putting her smarts to use again. Men noticed an attractive woman in the room and listened when she talked, when they found out how on the ball she was, they were equally impressed. There were a lot of men who found smart women very sexy. Why not? Isabelle also liked smart, intelligent sexy women and all of her college friends had been like that.

In 10 years, Isabelle made herself invaluable to Reynolds-Cushing and she put her mind to work in other ways. Isabelle wanted to go somewhere, she was fiercely competitive, a great asset in the business world. Isabelle was assertive; she saw what she wanted and went after it. She also held on to her stock options and after 10 years, she knew what many didn't ... Isabelle owned a large chunk of the company. When Bob announced he was taking early retirement, Isabelle seized the opportunity to speak her mind. She went into his office and closed the door.

"Before you go to the partners and discuss looking for your replacement, I'm going to say it. I want your job. I can be pushy and fight for it ... I own 25% of the company at least ... but I'd like your recommendation, Bob." She sat on the edge of his desk and crossed her long legs, her skirt rode up. He always looked and she didn't mind, if he'd been 10 years younger, she might have done more than flirt. When they'd first met, he'd been distinguished and he was still a handsome man at 60.

"You don't need to fight Isabelle, I can't think of anyone more suited for my chair than you," Bob smiled, patting her knee. "My only concern is, what about Trevor?"

Isabelle sighed. She hadn't really considered Trevor, her boyfriend of the past 5 years and a highly successful Chemical Engineer. When they'd met, he made more money than she did; now her salary was at least 30 thousand higher. He hadn't been handling it well ... their relationship and their sex life was suffering, to say the least.

"I'll ... we'll deal with that. Bob, I want the job, very much," Isabelle said.

Within 3 months, the job was hers and Bob was on an around-the-world Cruise. She was ready to pack up and move into his office, when Carla, her pretty, young secretary, dropped a huge bomb on her.

"Ms. Frost, you've been a terrific boss and I'm really happy you got the promotion, but ... I don't want to come along with you," Carla told her, brushing an auburn curl from her face. "I've been working hard enough as it is, my boyfriend and I want to talk marriage and I don't want to add more hours to my schedule."

"You realize it would be a lot more money?" Isabelle told her.

"Yes, but a lot less Tim," Carla said. "I want a future with him. I'm sorry, Isabelle. Good luck."

Isabelle grimaced. Miss Hathaway had retired at the same time as Bob, so she couldn't use his secretary. She called Carla back in.

"Carla, do you know of anyone who might be able to pick up quickly the way we do things around here, someone available right away?"

"Sure, my friend Kathleen's' registered with a Temp Agency and I'd be glad to show her the ropes. It'd be nice to see more of her and I think she'd fit in great until we can hire someone to work full-time. Want me to call her for an Interview?"

Isabelle waved her hand. "No need, if you trust her, just call the Agency and have her here at 9 AM tomorrow. Tell them to make sure she's dressed nicely, you know the drill. Thanks Carla, you're a lifesaver."

Isabelle went home that night a bit relieved. Feeling happy, she'd splurged on some lovely new lingerie, but found Trevor was out shooting pool with some friends. He wasn't home by 11, so she turned in, barely hearing him come in at 1. She could smell the alcohol, but figured he needed to blow off steam and decided to let it go for now.

Kathleen showed up at 8:55 the next morning and Carla gave her a big hug, then introduced her to Isabelle. Isabelle liked the 26-year old brunette right away, she actually found similar qualities to herself, Kathleen asked a lot of questions, dressed for success and worked hard. She even made great coffee and cheered Isabelle up a number of times during the day with her pleasant nature and beautiful smile.

Kathleen was always smiling and everyone liked her. Never once did she say anything unpleasant, she pitched in wherever needed and within 2 weeks, Carla was able to move on to her new position and let Kathleen assist Isabelle unfettered. The blue-eyed brunette even took to bringing Isabelle an extra-lunch, telling her new boss that the cafeteria food was awful and Isabelle needed to eat better. They made a habit of eating their lunches together every day and often, it was the nicest part of her day.

Things were still not good at home with Trevor. Her lingerie collection expanded, her sexual encounters did not. Kathleen rarely talked about her boyfriend, if she had one, Isabelle noticed. One afternoon, she brought it up.

"Nope, haven't had a boyfriend in a long time," Kathleen smiled, eating some roast beef, then dipping the next bite into some horseradish. "Most men can't keep up with me. You?"

"Exactly the same as you. I have a boyfriend, we live together, but we might as well live in separate apartments. I think he's threatened by the fact I make almost double his income now. We don't have a sex life anymore ... oh, why am I telling you all this?"

"Because we're becoming friends and I'll listen, okay? Listen Isabelle, if a man can't handle your success, that's his issue. You're a beautiful woman and you have money, sounds pretty good to me, boss-lady!" Kathleen giggled.

"You know, you're right! Thanks Kathleen," Isabelle smiled, sipping her coffee.

"Anytime."

6 months had gone by before Isabelle realized she'd done nothing about hiring a permanent replacement for Carla. Why hadn't she? She needed someone, she couldn't keep using Kathleen and the Temp Agency forever.

Well, something had to change. She called Kathleen into her office.

"Kathleen, it's been 6 months and I just realized I haven't done anything about replacing Carla permanently," Isabelle told her.

"Oh, yes ... I see," Kathleen said, the first sad look Isabelle had ever seen crossed her pretty face.

"So, I was wondering if it isn't too much work, if you'd like to leave the Temp Agency and assume the job permanently?" Isabelle asked, hoping her young protégé would say yes.

"Oh? OH! YES, yes please, thank you Isabelle, I promise to do a good job," Kathleen practically squealed.

"Now that you're not a Temp, you'll be making substantially more money and you'll get benefits. Go down to payroll, tell Jessie I sent you, fill out the paperwork and then get your ass back here, we've got work to do."

"Yes, boss-lady, and thanks!" Kathleen said, practically running out of the office towards the elevators.

Isabelle got up from her desk. She remembered that day 2 months ago well. She looked out her office window at Kathleen's desk. It was past 6 and she was still there. She walked out of her office and towards Kathleen.

"Don't you need to go home?" She asked.

Kathleen shook her head. Her brunette hair, down to her shoulders now, fell from her face. She was in a black top and dress with black leather boots, she was dressing even nicer now that she had more money to spend. But so was Isabelle, although it mattered little.

""What about you, gorgeous?" Kathleen smiled, noticing the cream-colored jacket her employer wore with a matching short skirt and white silk blouse. "You should be at home with your man. All work and no play ..." Kathleen giggled.

"No play Kathleen, none at all. Trevor and I are done, he moved out last Friday. He says I've become a cold bitch, an Ice Princess." Isabelle fought off a few tears. "I have sexier clothes, hot lingerie, I want sex all the time ... and it's my fault?"

"You are drop-dead sexy, he's an idiot," Kathleen smiled. "Hot lingerie, huh? I love lingerie, nothing sexier. See?" Kathleen pulled her blouse down slightly to reveal very expensive La Pearla underwear. "It's nice to be able to afford this kind of thing, I love being a girl. We get to wear such nice clothes and heels."

"Yes, we do," Isabelle agreed, sitting in a chair across from her assistant. "You always look so lovely, it's nice to see on a daily business and it makes our staff and clients happy too."

"I take that as a great compliment, considering the source," Kathleen smiled. "I've been trying to dress in a way that would please you and catch your eye. I'm glad you've noticed."

"I've noticed." Isabelle stood up and the two women hugged. Then they pulled away and both laughed.

"Am I wrong or have we been dressing this way to flirt with each other?" Isabelle chuckled.

"I – I think we have," Kathleen giggled. "I do think you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, though."

"I was just thinking that about you. Are we crazy?"

"Maybe."

"How far do we want to take this, Kathleen?" Isabelle said, broaching the unspoken.

"I'm not sure ... I've never been with another woman," Kathleen smiled, leaning so close to Isabelle that her employer could smell her perfume.

"Nor have I," Isabelle sighed, inhaling the fragrance. "But I want to be. I want to be with you. You're my best friend Kathleen, you've become so special to me over these past few months. I think we'd be wonderful together, want to find out?"

"Yes, very much," Kathleen smiled, standing up and taking Isabelle's hand. They went into Isabelle's office and locked the door and closed the blinds. Feeling bold, Kathleen let herself make the first move. She unzipped the snug dress and let it fall, standing in front of Isabelle in expensive lingerie, stockings and heels. Isabelle followed suit and Kathleen whistled.

"Wow. I am so into you at this moment, please come here and kiss me," Kathleen sighed. Isabelle and she met in the middle of the room and the slightly-taller Isabelle pulled her friend close, smothering her face with tiny kisses as her hands flew to remove Kathleen's bra. Her tits were perfect and she licked one nipple, then the other and felt her ... lover ... tremble.

"Please, please don't stop doing that, it feels so nice," Kathleen murmured as she saw Isabelle's head moving down her body, kissing her smooth stomach, teasing the tiny navel piercing and moving between her outstretched legs. "Oh God Isabelle darling, that feels so ..."

Even though it was Isabelle doing the kissing, it felt marvelous to her too, like they were meant to be doing this. She slid Kathleen's tiny thong down her stocking-clad legs, the younger woman standing there only in her stockings and heels, looking stunning. Isabelle gripped her tight and moved her face into Kathleen's' pussy and began licking.

"Oh, sweet God, that's fucking wonderful!" Kathleen shrieked. "I've never had anyone eat my cunt like that, do me Isabelle!"

Isabelle found it very sexy that Kathleen didn't shy away from the words during sex, she liked them as well, but Trevor had always found them "repulsive." Fuck Trevor! She had a higher connection with Kathleen, she was sure of that and she was having the time of her life servicing her attractive companion. Kathleen moved towards the couch in Isabelle's office, one of the few pieces of furniture in there at the moment. She hadn't got her new stuff yet and a fair bit of Robert's wasn't worth saving.

"Baby, that was amazing," Kathleen sighed, her pussy drenched. "I want to do you too lover, I hope I can make you feel half as good as you just did for me."

"I know you will darling, just enjoy yourself," Isabelle said, stretching out her leggy frame on the couch. She knew she appeared slightly provocative to her new lover, but wasn't that part of the charm?

"You look like a nasty little slut," Kathleen teased.

"I can be a nasty little slut for my girl," Isabelle shot back, sticking out her tongue.

"Your girl?" Kathleen grinned, somewhat caught off guard. Isabelle felt a bit off-guard at having said it, but nodded.

"My girl. Now get over here bitch and eat my pussy. Lick my cunt and make me cum, you gorgeous little whore!"

Kathleen felt such a surge of love and desire, she kissed Isabelle from the top of her forehead and moved all the way down. Her hands and lips touched everywhere, she enjoyed the full-on beauty on her new lover. She stroked the blonde fleece that crowned Isabelle's cunt and then she splayed the lips apart and attacked it urgently.

"Shit, oh fuck, eat the pussy, suck the pussy, eat my CUNT!" Isabelle shrieked, her hands digging deep into Kathleen's dark hair. "My beautiful baby, suck my twat, do it, do IT!"

Isabelle came for the first time in months and she pulled her new lover close and they hugged and kissed. Time seemed to stand still, aside from two rapidly-beating hearts.

"I could use some dinner," Kathleen giggled. "I haven't ... don't you even go there ... I haven't had any food tonight."

"We'll either go out on the company's dime later ... I'll just say we were working late ... or we'll order in," Isabelle smiled. "I'm not ready to let you go just yet?"

"Insatiable slut."

"Your fault for being such a good fuck, baby."

Kathleen laughed. "I assume full responsibility, boss-lady."

Isabelle's lips met hers. "Not in bed, darling. Here, you're mine and I'm yours. No rank. If this is going to work, we can't be competing."

Kathleen smiled. "You think we should be together, that this can work?"

"Yes, I do," Isabelle nodded. "Don't you?"

Kathleen nuzzled Isabelle's neck and said "Yes, I guess I just wanted to hear you say it. I'm crazy about you, I never realized that until tonight." Then, she giggled. "Of course, a little competition might be okay, don't you think?"

Isabelle's nose crinkled. "Oh? Like what?"

Kathleen moved around so her pussy was on top of Kathleen's mouth and her mouth was at Kathleen's pussy. They were in the ages-old '69' position. Her mouth watered. "Like we should have a competition to see who can make who cum first, okay slut?"

"Okay, bitch!"

They actually didn't rush, from the onset, they felt like enjoying the closeness and the intense feelings that were rushing through both of them. Isabelle enjoyed the smooth planes of Kathleen's back, Kathleen loved the feeling of her new lover's satiny thighs so close, both liked each other's lingerie and heels. It was Kathleen who won the competition, but only after an hour of lovemaking.

They went out to a fancy French restaurant for dinner and then, back to Isabelle's for a night of lovemaking. For the first time in 10 years, Isabelle didn't go into work the next morning. She called her partners and told them she'd taken ill and that Kathleen was helping tend to her. She didn't tell them the part about Kathleen was wearing a large strap-on dildo at the time and was about to give Isabelle her first lezzie fuck.

Kathleen moved in with Isabelle a year later and they stopped hiding their relationship. No one said a word, as Isabelle continued to produced exceptional work and the two women were still charming and gracious as ever, plus both were still smoking hot. When they went to Toronto and got legally married, the firm even paid for their honeymoon. As far as anyone knew, the young couple was professional at work and nothing at all went on there.

Of course, Kathleen and Isabelle knew better. There were lots of kinky and very sexy little items hidden in Isabelle's office closet. The new leather sofa Isabelle had bought for the corner of her office pulled out into a full bed. No one knew about the discussion Isabelle and Kathleen had with Carla over lunch the previous afternoon. Poor, sweet Carla. Her marriage wasn't working out the way she had hoped. Kathleen suggested to Isabelle they have her friend to dinner this weekend and they could all talk. No, no one at work knew about things like that. There were some naughty secrets the beautiful lesbian couple preferred to keep to themselves.