 I watched her stalk towards me out of the corner of my eye as I pretended to be lost in conversation with one of the other security guards. She drew closer and I noticed the slight flush of her cheeks. I fought back a sly smile, continuing to ignore her. 


She stood next to us, her arms crossed tightly across her chest and glared.

"You need to take over the parking lot," she said, interrupting our conversation.

"Now? It's early," he said.

Sensing the energy radiating from her, I cocked my head slightly towards the sound of her voice, looking at her through my eyelashes. I slowly blinked my eyes.

"Yes, now. Did you not hear me? We're short staffed," she said, giving him a fleeting glare before she turned her gaze back on me.

"I'll see you later," he said glancing between the two of us. He turned and walked away.

She moved over to stand in front of me. Her arms were still crossed. "You. Bathroom. Ten minutes," she hissed.

I laughed softly, "I'm not one of your underlings, you know. And you'd better be careful or you'll give yourself away."

She uncrossed her arms, her eyes scanning up and down my body. "Ten minutes," she whispered before turning and walking away.

I watched her walk away as a warm flush of anticipation flooded through my body. My heart pounded in my chest as I attempted to kill the time by window shopping. I couldn't think clearly as I imagined how she'd punish me for my little stunt.

I entered the woman's bathroom and walked over to the sink. I smiled at the woman washing her hands as I turned on the water, noticing one of the stalls was occupied. A tingle coursed down my spine and I shivered as I felt her there, watching me. I realized I hadn't heard the door open over the running water. 

I turned off the water and dried my hands as I watched her standing next to the door, holding the OUT OF ORDER sign. My heart skipped a beat. 

The woman in the stall came out and started washing her hands as the other woman left. I glanced in the mirror, stalling, and fluffed my hair until the second woman left. After what seemed like forever, I heard the lock click and I almost moaned out loud.


I turned around and she already stood in front of me. She moved her body close to mine, so close we were almost touching. I felt the heat from her body, and my breathe caught in my throat as I stood completely still. 

"Do you know how much trouble you're in? You know this skirt drives me crazy."

I felt the silky brush of my skirt against my bare legs as she fingered the edge. 

"That was the plan," I teased, gazing deep into her green eyes. 

She bumped into my body, pushing roughly into me. I stumbled a couple of steps backwards. She pressed her body against mine, directing us into the large stall. My lips were dry and I felt her heart beating as my back hit the wall of the stall. 

"Wait," I whispered. "Are there cameras in here?"

"No," she laughed, grabbing my wrists with her left hand and raising them over my head. "And you should be thankful I left my cuffs in the office."

I gasped softly and poked my tongue out and licked my lips. "Maybe you're the lucky one, " I said, as I thrust my body forward into hers. I broke her hold and grabbed the top of the stall with my hands and winked at her.

"You are such a tease," she whispered as she entwined her fingers in my hair and leaned in close. My eyes fluttered closed as I felt her soft lips press against mine. She pressed closer to me, sliding her leg in between mine as she deepened the kiss.

I melted into her touch, kissing her back, opening my lips for her tongue. A jolt shot through my body as her tongue touched mine and I moaned into the kiss. Our tongues rolled together as she used her grip on my head to press our lips closer together.

My fingers itched to feel the softness of her hair as I flipped off her hat and freed her blonde hair from the ponytail. She sighed against my lips as I trailed my fingers through her long curly hair. I broke the kiss and nuzzled into her neck, sucking on her ear lobe.

I moaned into her ear as I felt her soft hand lightly trace up the inside of my thigh. Her thumb rubbed circles into my skin as she sucked and nibbled on my neck. She pulled her head back to meet my eyes as her fingers brushed against my underwear.

"You're already so wet," she moaned, her eyes glazed with lust.

I shifted my hips, pressing my clit against her fingers. "I've been wet since you ordered me to meet you here."

I smiled when I heard her quick intake of breath. I arched my body into her fingers and whimpered when I realized her fingers were missing.

"Now it's my turn to tease you," she whispered in my ear as she lifted my hand above my head. "Hold onto the stall and stay still," she ordered.

I gripped the top of the stall with both hands as she started to unbutton my blouse. My head fell back as she lightly rubbed her thigh up against my pussy, her hand cupping my breast and her thumb stroking my nipple. My soft gasps filled the air as she licked and sucked her way down my neck.

"You look so hot," she breathed in my ear. 

I felt my skirt ride up my thigh as her fingers slid inside my underwear. I turned my head and my lips found hers...the kiss was hungry and slippery. I moaned into it as I felt her fingers stroking my clit. I rocked my hips into her touch.

A shiver ran down my spine as she stroked me and slipped two fingers deep inside me. I felt her fingers moving inside me as she pressed her thigh hard against my clit. I broke the kiss and panted into her mouth as she fucked me.

"You're so wet."

...

"I wish I could taste you. You always taste so good." 

"Oh god. Don't stop. Fuck me," I begged.

I bit my lip as I humped her strong thigh, her fingers rubbing me. I couldn't breathe as we moved together. My body trembled as I felt a warm flush start at my spine and spread through my body. I moaned as she fingered me through my orgasm, her thigh rubbing me from the outside.

I wrapped my arms around her and held her close as she removed her fingers from my body. She kissed me, her lips soft and swollen.

"Wow," I whispered. "That was some teasing."

She laughed and pulled away from me. "I've got to get back before they miss me," she lamented.

I followed her out of the stall. "How is it that I look completely debauched and you're still completely dressed?"

"Well, my love, I'm afraid that's because you're a bit of a slut," she teased, her green eyes meeting my brown ones in the mirror.

"It's true. I am," I said, wiggling my eyebrows at her.

I yelped when she quickly turned, captured my lips in a light kiss and said, "I love that about you."

Our eyes were locked as she put her hat back on and I buttoned up my blouse.

"Ok. I'm going to leave, and you follow me in a few minutes," she instructed.

"Always so bossy. Hey, aren't you going to wash up?" I motioned towards the sink.

She grinned and wiggled her eyebrows at me. "No. I'm taking that piece of you with me."

My eyes widened and I felt my cheeks flush as she laughed.

"I'll see you later at home," she said from the door.

"Ok," I stammered.

"By the way, I love the skirt," she said as she opened the door and left.

I slowly smiled, planning how I was going to get even when she got home.