 Chapter 2: A New Teammate

Jen was in Biology class Monday morning. She'd just finished her test early and started to look around the room. She looked up at the teacher Mr. Teagarden first. He quickly looked down at his papers as their eyes met. Jen smiled and thought to herself, "that fucking perv, he was looking up my skirt again...Damn why did I wear panties today?" Jen loved putting on a little show for her Biology teacher too, every once in a while she'd come to class with no panties on and occasionally give him a peek. Jen thought Mr. Teagarden was so hot. His wife, a beautiful blonde with huge tits, would drop him off at school every morning, and as she would give him a kiss goodbye, Jen always thought, "I bet she just sucked the shit out of his cock....I wonder what position they fucked in last night?" 

Jen was getting turned on by the thought of her teacher and his wife having sex when she looked over at her friend Abby. She was skinny with short black hair, the class tomboy, but today she was wearing a skirt and high heels. Jen thought to herself, "her pussy is so fucking wet right now." Jen knew whenever Abby wore a skirt to school, she also didn't have any panties on, because she and her boyfriend Jared were going to the cozy spot down in the school's basement to fuck at lunchtime. Abby gave Jen an embarrassed smile when their eyes met. She was turned on that Jen knew why she was wearing a skirt today. Sometimes Jen would sneak and watch her friend bend over, grab the wall, and get taken from behind by her boyfriend, but she decided she should let them have some privacy today. "God why am I so horny?" Jen thought to herself. She looked over at her friend Jeff, who was still taking the test. Jen looked underneath his desk, and saw the bulge in his jeans, and thought. "Damn that boy stays on hard...." Jen licked her lips. "mmmm...all day...and all night" Jen slapped herself, "I can't think that way about Jeff." Jen was so fucking horny she didn't know that to do. 

The bell rang, Jen got up and placed her test paper on the teacher's desk. Jen went down the hall to her locker and got out her books for the next class when she spotted Coach Caldwell. Jen had been playing on the girl's basketball team for three years now. All the girls on the team thought coach was hot. He was an ex-NBA player, six-foot-five, two hundred ten pounds, and built like a statue. It was amazing the girls didn't pee themselves when the coach would occasionally take his shirt off during practice to join in a scrimmage. "Fuck," Jen thought to herself as she lusted for her coach. "I wanna lick his chocolate lollipop," Jen slapped herself again, "ugggh...I can't think that way about him." Coach Caldwell spotted Jen across the hall and motioned for her to come over. "Jennifer!" he yelled out. Jen walked over to meet her coach who was standing with a cute redhead. "This is Heather...she just transferred in from Alabama, she's going to be on the team next year, after school take her down to the locker room to get some workout gear, and show her how everything works," Coach Caldwell instructed. 

"Sure Coach," Jen replied. 

That afternoon Jen and Heather met in the gym. She took her to the equipment cage and asked, "what number do you want to wear?" 

Heather thought for a second and replied, "Twenty-Four." 

Jen rummaged through the jerseys, found the one with Twenty-Four on the back, tossed it to Heather and said, "Come on I'll show you where we get dressed." 

Jen led Heather to the girl's locker room, picked out an empty locker for her, and filled out the card with her name and new jersey number. Jen went to her own locker and took out her practice gear. Heather had already started getting dressed, Jen looked over as Heather was in her bra and panties. "Oooh," Jen thought to herself. Heather had a sexy body. She was about five-foot-ten, with straight brown hair pulled into a pony tail. long dancer's legs, tight toned abs, and, full C-cup breasts. 

Jen and Heather got to know each other a bit as they went over the drills the team did everyday. Jen found out that she and Heather had a lot in common. Heather's father was a Colonel in the Army, she had grown up on military bases all her life too, and Heather had received an appointment to West Point after graduation. They were also both very good students, enjoyed reading, and loved basketball. Jen challenged Heather to a game of one-on-one. Jen was still horny as hell, and as they were playing she couldn't keep her eyes off of Heather's tits. Even with a sports bra, they bounced everywhere. 

Heather drove to the basket for a layup and accidentally ran over Jen. They both collapsed to the floor. Heather was a lot taller than Jen so her tits were in Jen's face as Heather was lying on top of her. Heather rose up, straddling Jen for a second, and asked, "Are you ok?" 

Jen's mind was spinning, having this beautiful girl on top of her. "Oh yeah," Jen answered. Heather got up and offered a hand to help Jen up. Heather immediately noticed the Goosebumps on Jen's arm, but didn't say anything yet. Jen didn't know that Heather had been checking out her sexy body too. 

When they finished the game they both went and sat in the bleachers. They were both really sweaty so Jen went over to the towel rack and brought back a couple of towels. "God she looks so hot, all sweaty...uh I'm so horny," Jen thought to herself. She sat down next to Heather and they started to chat. Jen was being a little shy so Heather decided she'd better take the lead. She inched herself a little closer to Jen. This sent poor Jen over the edge, she had goosebumps all over. 

Heather touched her arm and asked, "are you nervous?" 

Jen started to babble a bit as she answered, "Oh no I uh..." Heather suddenly kissed her softly on the lips. 

Jen smiled and said, "I wasn't sure you were into...you know." 

Heather put her hand on Jen's thigh and replied, "I'm a military brat too remember." 

For girls with stern military fathers like Jen and Heather, boys aren't always easy to come by, so girls learned to enjoy a little playtime together when the need arose. Jen took Heather's hand and led her back into the locker room. "Oooh it's really cozy back here," Heather said. 

Jen had an even better place in mind. Jen took her new teammate back to the showers. Heather was still sweaty so when they reached the shower area Jen looked at Heather seductively and said, "Mmmm...You stink, I think you need a shower." Heather smiled and began removing her clothes. Jen took off her clothes, turned on the steaming hot water and they jumped in. Jen wasted no time grabbing a handful of shower gel and soaping up Heather's giant tits. Jen was so turned on as she was caressing Heather's naked body with slippery sweet smelling soap. 

Jen was paying special attention to every delicate curve when suddenly Heather couldn't take any more. She suddenly gave Jen a deep kiss. The warm water flowing over their bodies felt so good as Jen felt Heather's finger touch her clit. Jen let out a soft moan as she enjoyed her new friend's finger softly fondling her delicate pleasure center. Heather's tongue soon found it's way to Jen's erect nipples. Each gentle lick was driving Jen crazy. Jen's body was about to explode when she felt Heather's finger enter her pussy. 

"Uhhh God," Jen said, as Heather gently inserted a second finger into her lovebox. Heather could feel Jen was close as she continued to finger her, so she knelt down and gave Jen's clit a gentle lick which sent her over the edge. "Uhhhhh," Jen moaned as the orgasm hit her. Heather started to giggle as Jen was writhing with pleasure. Heather sat down on the floor underneath the shower and spread her legs. She looked so hot with water gently cascading down her naked body. 

Jen regained her senses and seductively crawled over between her new friend's legs. Heather had recently gotten into the habit of shaving her pussy as well so Jen put her tongue to work. Her new friend tasted so good. "Oooooh right there, don't stop," Heather moaned. 

She wanted all of Jen's attention focused on her clit. Jen was French kissing her friend's pussy, every second was pure heaven for Heather. Both girls looked amazingly hot under the steaming shower, but as Jen was lying on her stomach eagerly licking her friend's private parts, Heather thought to herself, "God this girl has an amazing butt." Not only that Heather thought Jen had a gorgeous body, especially naked. She didn't have huge boobs or long legs, but the perfect combination of soft womanly curves, perfectly shaped breasts, tight round ass, hard toned abs, and sexy thighs that make people say I don't know what it is, but that girl's got it. 

Heather's toes curled as she had her orgasm. They both sat on the floor under the warm water for a moment before Jen spoke up, "Soooo....that's how we do things, Mindy's graduating so you'll probably get to start at center next year..." Jen and Heather both cracked up laughing. A few days later, on Friday afternoon, Jen found Heather in the cafeteria at lunch. 

"Hey wanna stay over at my house this weekend?" Jen asked. 

"Sure," Heather answered. 

Later on that evening at Jen's house they were sitting in the living room watching TV and talking when Jen decided to share her kinky little secret. She knew since Heather was joining the military as well she would understand the importance for everyone involved of not letting rumors get out. 

"Look, if you weren't going to West Point next year, I'd never tell you this," Jen said to Heather. 

Jen began to explain to Heather about the shows she put on for Colonel Riley. Heather was shocked at first, but soon came around. "Oh my....come to think of it, that is pretty fucking hot," Heather said. 

The girls were getting turned on, so they went upstairs to Jen's room and both sat on the bed. Jen mapped out the strategy for the evening, and explained it to Heather. "We'll pretend we're studying. You have to let him see your tits, so you sit facing the window, and I'll sit with my back to the window, we'll casually take our clothes off, then have fun, but when we get into it you have look into my eyes the whole time, even when you cum...He can't know we know he's watching." 

"How do you know he's watching," Heather asked. 

"I can never really be sure, but he usually is....Even if he's not it's still hot thinking he is," Jen answered. 

Heather's body was tingling in anticipation of being watched playing with Jen. Jen and Heather sat and chatted for a while as they slowly removed their clothing one piece at a time. They were extremely careful not to break eye contact with one another. When they were finally both naked, Heather gently inserted two fingers into Jen's pussy, and used her thumb to massage Jen's clit. 

"God, you are an awesome finger fucker," Jen observed. 

"I practice a lot on my own," Heather stated as both girls quietly giggled. 

Jen inserted her fingers into Heather's eager pussy, and the girls slowly pleasured each other while seductively looking into each other's eyes. 

"So, have you been with a boy yet?" Jen asked. 

"No, not yet... I had a boyfriend back in Alabama, but we decided not to rush into it. Now that my Dad's gotten transferred here...well know how it is," Heather answered. 

"Awwww " Jen sympathized with her new friend. 

"Oh it's ok, he started at West Point this year, so when I start next year we can see each other all the time if you know what I mean...." said Heather. 

Jen giggled and replied, "Oh that's so wonderful." 

"So what about you?" Heather asked. 

"Just one," Jen admitted. "I had a crush on him since I was a freshman, and it just kind of happened one day. It wasn't even so much about the sex part, it was more about the way he held my hand... the way it seemed like we kissed for hours. He stuck it in and everything, and that was really nice, but I don't really think about that you know... I don't know how to explain it. I just felt so happy afterwards." 

"Awww that's so sweet," sighed Heather. Jen and Heather continued to explore each other's pussies with their fingers when it dawned on Heather to ask, "hey, do you think he's watching?" 

"I don't care," Jen answered as both girls quietly giggled. They fingered each other to a wonderful orgasm before falling asleep.