 Author's Note: This is my seventh story and it's fiction as well as my own fantasy since at the time I wrote it I hadn't yet been with another woman, by the time I wrote Part Two I had been…I also have plans for at least a third part if not more in store!

You'll notice there's no #6 in my stories…I had written one and I thought it was one of my best, but sadly the file was lost when I switched from one computer to another.

* * * * *

I'd had a long hard day at the office, and it was a long, hot ride home on the bus. Too many people cramped onto a little bus in the sweltering heat from one end of the city to the other. 

I'd spent all day taking notes from an egotistical jackass who thought he was God's gift to women and when he wasn't giving orders he was trying to pick me up. I really needed a new job, one where I felt like a person and not like either a computer or a whore. 

Then I had to walk a block and a half downtown where at least 4 different guys felt the need to whistle, make comments or gestures as I passed. 

So, if so many men in my regular day to day life seem to think I'm such a catch, then why am I 22 and single? That's the question I ask myself every night when I go to bed alone. 

I've always been attractive to guys; I 'blossomed' at a young age. I was one of the first girls to need a bra, and then when the other girls were wearing training bra's I was already wearing a B cup. 

Now, at 22 I still think I'm sexy and obviously plenty of guys out there think so as well. I stand about 5'9" which makes me taller then the average woman but also gives me longer legs and a longer torso then the average woman. I weigh about 120 and now wear a D cup. Since I graduated high school I decided to let my hair grow longer and it now reaches to about the middle of my back, thick wavy deep red hair with just a hint of lighter streaks in it when it really sunny out. My eyes are a very light blue which people have always said makes me look very exotic because my skin is almost a olive color and my hair is such a dark shade of red that my bright eyes are such a contrast. 

Now, no one can explain why with looks like that I haven't had a date in months and why it's been almost a year since the last time I had sex. 

Now, I'm not trying to say I'm some sort of nymphomaniac or anything, but I do have a very healthy sexual appetite. Without men around to please me I usually end up getting myself off at least 5 times a week if not more. If I see a guy who does it for me I often will go as soon as I can to somewhere I feel it's safe for me to take the time to fantasize about him and make myself cum. I'll be honest, that usually means public bathrooms, and on occasion has even meant the office washroom, but if I can I usually try to wait until I get home. 

I've even resorted to buying porno films, magazines, dildo's and vibrators because while I do a very good job of making myself cum, I can't do it all by myself all the time. 

Anyhow, as I was saying, it's a boiling hot day, I've had a horrible day at work and can't wait to get home but it's about another half hour's bus ride until I do get home. 

The bus is so cramped I can't even see out the window across from me and I can hardly breathe. I was lucky enough to be able to get a seat by the window so at least I'm sitting in these stupid high heals and can get some fresh air. However, the blazer I'm wearing is definitely making me too hot and with this big oaf sitting beside me there's no room for me to take it off and he'd probably take it as some kind of invitation which is definitely not what I want to have to deal with so I leave it on. 

The matching skirt however is really becoming a problem. It hikes up a bit when I sit down to start with (it normally sits just above my knees and when I sit it hikes to just below mid-thigh) and with this seat hog beside me constantly shuffling in his seat it's moved up to past mid thigh and keeps getting a little higher every time he inadvertently rubs his leg against mine. 

Thank God! He got off the bus! Before the next passenger can sit down I take off my blazer and pull down my skirt. It feels much better to be sitting in a tank top as opposed to the heavy cotton blazer. 

The woman who sat down next to me looks far more comfortable in the heat then I am. She's wearing a bikini top and a pair of very short jean cutoffs. Her light brown hair is piled up on top of her head and away from her neck, while mine is all down my back making me sweat even more. Plus, her simple sandals make me realize just how sweaty my feet get in these stupid heals.

As I hurry to adjust my skirt a little more she looks over at me and smiles, "Awfully hot out isn't it?"

"It sure is. I don't know how much more of this I can handle." I reply as I finish pulling my skirt down and place my blazer on the floor between my feet with my briefcase. 

"Does it always get this hot here at this time of year?" She asks as she lightly fans herself with her hand. 

"Actually this is a little warmer then we usually get around this time of year. It normally doesn't get this hot for another month or so but it's been a really warm lately. Are you not from around here?" I ask trying to open the window a little more. 

"No, I'm not. I'm actually from up north. I moved down here to go to university and wasn't really prepared for the heat. It's hard enough trying to find my way around this place without having to get all dehydrated and sweaty in the process."

"I know what you mean. I work downtown and it's almost an hour bus ride to my house from work and having to do it in this heat makes me want to just give up sometimes." She smiled again, and then reached into her small purse for something. 

She pulled out a piece of paper and handed it to me. "Do you happen to know what stop I'd get off at to get to this address?"

I smiled, "Actually I would." I said handing her the piece of paper back. 

"Oh that's wonderful. You see, I'm looking for someplace off campus to live and I have no idea how to get around town by bus yet and I was afraid I'd get off at the wrong place and get lost or something. Do you mind letting me know what stop to get off at? I'd really appreciate it."

"You don't have to worry, just get off when I get off and follow me. That's my address you've got written down there." 

We sat and talked for a while. I explained to her how I'd bought the house with some friends who all slowly moved out and had left me alone with the house and the mortgage and that's why I was looking for a couple tenants. I learnt a little about her and when we got to our stop I took her and showed her around the house. 

"Now, Andrea, you're the first person I've seen about the house. I was thinking of getting about 2 tenants if not 3 because the house is so big and has enough room for that many people to live comfortably with one another. Seeing as how you're the first prospective tenant I've seen, you would be the first to move in, and therefore would have your pick of which room you'd like. It would also mean you would be a part of the interviewing process for future tenants." I told her after I'd shown her around the house and we'd sat down in the kitchen to some iced tea. 

"I don't know what to say. You have such a beautiful home here. I would love to live here; I would love to move in if you'll have me."

I took a sip of my iced tea and said, "From what I've seen of you Andrea I like you and we seem to get along well enough. I feel certain that on a personality level we can make living together work. However, I need to know if it can work on a financial level. I need to know a little about your history, have you ever rented before? Names, numbers, and addresses of your previous landlords, and of course if you're currently working or have any form of income you could provide to pay rent with."

"I've rented a few times before. I don't have the information with me right now but I can get it to you tomorrow. I also used to pay to stay at home once I got a job, but I don't think that really counts. As for work . . . I do work right now. I work three nights a week and make $100.00 a night so paying the rent won't be a problem for me." 

"Wow, that's pretty good money, what do you do?" 

"I'm a model for an art class. The class started last week and runs for 6 months then starts up again immediately. Students start drawing individual body parts, face, hands, legs, feet that kind of thing and then they are marked on their final project which is a full body picture." 

By the time Andrea and I had finished talking about her moving in and everything we'd planed to meet again tomorrow so she could give me the information on her past landlords and I'd told her that so long as everything with the record check went alright she could be moving in on the weekend. 

That night when I went to bed and popped in one of my porno tapes to release the sexual tension that had been building inside me for the past two days, I couldn't stop thinking about Andrea. 

Normally I fast forward through the tapes to the scenes with men fucking women, but tonight I stopped fast forwarding on a scene with two women in it. One was a tall, thin blond with medium sized breasts and the other was a shorter fuller brunette with larger breasts, almost as big as mine. They were both naked. They were standing there kissing each other passionately with each other's hands roaming over each other's back and asses. Then they pulled apart and the blond woman started playing with the other woman's tits, then she bent down and started sucking on one of her nipples. 

I watched as the blond woman sucked the brunettes tits for all they were worth and then started moving her way down the brunettes stomach until she got down to her pussy - which to my surprise was completely shaved - and then started to lick the woman's clit and then started to finger fuck her with one, then two, then three, then four fingers, and then her entire hand!

The moaning on the screen was incredible and I was getting so wet watching this woman get another woman off. I found my own hands wandering down towards my own aching pussy and then stopped myself. I grabbed the remote, turned the tape off and sat up in bed.

What was wrong with me!? Getting all hot and bothered watching two women! I closed my eyes to clear my mind and there was Andrea, in her bikini top and short cutoffs. Her hair was tousled and she looked like she'd just been fucked good and hard and wanted more. She smiled at me and then took her top off and started rubbing her own tits. Then she took her cutoffs off and there weren't any panties under them. She started rubbing her pussy and squeezing her tits.

My eyes flew open. What was I thinking! I was just too horny for my own good that's all! I didn't want another woman! I love men, I love cock! Not pussy! Cock!

That night I went to sleep without getting myself off. 

The next day at work was excruciating. We had one of our regular clients come in who I can't stand not to just grab and fuck every time I see him. On my 10 minuet break I almost sprinted to the bathroom, ripped my panties off and started going at myself, picturing him ramming his hard cock deep inside me, rubbing his beard on my tits. Then suddenly it's not his cock inside me, it's a hand, I look down and it's Andrea! She's naked and she's fucking my pussy with her hand like the women in the porno! I want to stop because it's obviously wrong but I cant, the image turns me on so much and I'm so horny and I need to get off so bad. I keep going, I keep playing with my clit and finger fucking my pussy and imagine Andrea eating me out, licking my pussy and fingering my cunt until I cum hard. 

I spent the rest of the day wondering what was going on with me. I'd never been attracted to another woman before. I mean, of course I noticed other women and would see if they were attractive or not, but I never thought about doing anything with them. 

Then I went to catch the bus. I'd completely forgotten about meeting Andrea until I got home. She was supposed to have met me on the bus but she was sitting on my front step when I arrived home. I almost jumped when I saw it was her, "I'm sorry Kim, I didn't mean to scare you." She said smiling at me. 

Today her hair was up again and she was wearing a pair of black biking shorts and a white tank top and obviously no bra. I could easily see the outline of her areolas through the thin shirt and as soon as I noticed myself noticing I turned and worked on making my hands unlock the door. 

"Are you okay?" She asked me, putting her hand on my bare shoulder as I closed the door behind us. 

I almost quivered at her touch and had to clear my throat before saying, "I'm fine, just had a hard day at work that's all." and walked into the living room. 

Andrea grabbed my hand and walked me over to the couch. "Here, sit down and I'll help you relax a bit." she said putting a little bit of pressure on my shoulders to encourage me to sit down. I caved and sat down and she moved behind the couch and pulled my hair away from my back and neck then pulled the elastic out of her own hair to tie mine up. She then proceeded to massage my shoulders, back and neck. 

It felt so good having her massage my tense shoulders and back and I was actually beginning to relax until she hit a certain spot and I let out a low moan and then suddenly tensed up again.

"Come on now Kim you need to let yourself relax or this isn't going to do any good. Obviously that spot holds a lot of tension now lean forward and let me at it." 

I pulled away and stood up, "I feel much better Andrea thank you. Did you get that information?" 

She looked a little hurt that I didn't let her finish with the back rub but she reached into her little purse again and handed me a piece of paper. "That's all the information you should need. I guess I'll be leaving now."

I felt bad. I'd obviously hurt her feelings. "Andrea, wait. Why don't you stay for dinner? We can order in Chinese food?" 

So she stayed for dinner. We ordered Chinese food and some wine. By the time the food was gone so was one and a half bottles of wine and we were both more then a little drunk. 

"So, Kim, why don't you let me do your shoulders again?" Andrea asked as she took another swig of wine. I turned around and said, "Go for it, I'm all yours."

This time I didn't moan once as she massaged my back and my shoulders, I moaned a hell of a lot more. 

"Does that feel good?" Andrea asked as she hit a certain sport on my back. "God! That feels better then sex!" I said in between low moaning noises. 

"Andrea giggled and said, I wouldn't know."

I spun around and looked at her, "What do you mean you wouldn't know?" I demanded. "I mean, I'm a virgin. The farthest I've ever gone with a guy is letting him kiss me and put his hand on my knee." She said giggling even more. 

"Really!? With a body like that I would have thought you'd have guys all over you." I said looking directly at her now hard nipples showing very obviously through her shirt. 

"I've never been with a guy before in my life!" she declared proudly, "Women on the other hand . . ." she grinned impishly and left it hanging there. 

"You mean you're a lesbian?" I asked incredulously.

"Not really, I think I'm bi. I mean, I love guys and love getting guys off, but as far as fucking goes, I prefer women." She said reaching for the wine bottle again. 

"Wow that must explain it." I said half to myself. 

"Explains what?" she asked as she took another drink. 

"The other night I was trying to get off and kept thinking of you and then today at work I did get off thinking about you and I've never done that before. I've always been strictly men. Must just be because your bi"

She stopped drinking and looked at me, "You got off thinking about me?" she asked sounding very shocked. "Ya" I said, starting to blush.

"I got off thinking about you last night too." she admitted looking suddenly shy. "You're very beautiful and you have such an incredibly sexy body and you're so nice and I knew you were single and I figured a woman as hot as you couldn't be straight if she was single. I actually showed up here early hoping to build up my courage to see if you'd be willing to have me." 

In my drunken stupor I was shocked, flattered an incredibly turned on by her admission of feelings for me. 

Before I could say anything in response Andrea closed the gap between us and pressed her body to mine, then gently leaned in and kissed me. Without even realizing it I kissed her back. Her lips were so soft and she tasted of wine. I kissed her lips and then opened my mouth to invite her tongue in. We sat there together kissing passionately for what seemed like hours. I could feel her firm tits pressed against mine and I could feel her hard nipples boring into my flesh. She ran her nails down my back as she kissed me, sending shivers down my spine. 

Then she slipped the straps of my tank top off my shoulders and peeled it from my body. Still kissing me she undid my bra and she slowly ran her fingertips across my nipples. I moaned into her mouth as she kissed me so deeply and passionately I thought just kissing her would make me cum. She rubbed and cupped my tits for a while, playing with my nipples and making me moan as she kissed me. Then she moved he mouth away from mine, "God Kim you have such beautiful tits. I want to taste them. Can I? Can I suck on your tits Kim?" I was so drunk and so horny and it felt so good all I could do was moan. She kissed her way down my chest until she finally reached my tits. I could feel her hot breath on my tits and then she suddenly went down on one of my nipples with her hot mouth. It was like she was devouring my tit she was sucking and nibbling and licking. I was moaning and groaning and couldn't get enough. 

"God Kim I want to taste your pussy. I want to make you cum for me Kim. Do you want me to eat you Kim? Do you want my mouth and tongue on your pussy? On your clit? Deep inside your cunt?" She asked moving back up to my face, looking deep into my eyes. 

I was so far gone with lust that there was no coherent thought in me. I pulled her head to me and kissed her deeply and passionately as her hands moved down to remove my skirt and panties. When she had my panties off she pulled away from me and lifted them to her face, smelling them, "God your pussy smells so good Kim. I can't wait to taste your sweet, hot, pussy" and with that she gently pushed me down on the couch, putting one of my legs over the back and the other on the floor. 

Like when she'd sucked on my tits I felt her breath first, then her hands. She started by rubbing the outside of my pussy until I was leaking so much juice that her hand was covered in it and she slowly pulled my pussy lips open so she could see all of me. 

She looked up at me and locked her eyes on mine as she ran her tongue up the slit of my cunt. My entire body was shaking with need and I moaned and threw my head back as she licked my pussy. "Mmmmmm, Kim, your pussy tastes so good." She said, and then she moved her tongue up to my clit and I lost control. 

She drove me insane with her tongue on my clit and her fingers inside my cunt ramming into me and fucking me hard as she sucked and licked and nibbled on my clit. 

"Oh god Andrea, I'm gunna' cum!!! Fuck me harder, that's it that's it, oh yes, yes, yes Andrea! oh god oh suck my clit! Oh yes oh fuck me deeper, deeper oh GOD! I'm gunna' cum Andrea harder I'm cumming!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

As my body slowly calmed down Andrea kept her mouth on my pussy licking up the juices as they oozed out of my cunt. I let out a low sigh of contentment and Andrea kissed the inside of my thigh tenderly, "I was right" she said with lust in her voice, "You do taste incredible!" 
