 This is the second part of a four part story, so it won't make sense if you don't read that first. All characters are over 18.

*****

The morning light began to stream through the bedroom window as I regained consciousness. It wasn't my bed, but that didn't alarm me. I was alone, though, and that I didn't like. I started to sit up, but the air was cold, so I lied back down and pulled the covers up. The bathroom door opened, and I felt a smile stretch my cheeks as Iryna came back into the room.

"I am sorry, Carrie." She swung her crutches toward the bed. "I did not want you to wake up alone." She slid back under the covers with me.

"You're here now. That's what matters." I wrapped my arms around her, and she did the same. 

She kissed me, and it was just as wonderful as it had been last night. "Did you sleep well, moya lyuba?"

"Yeah." I snuggled in close, loving the feel of her strong arms around me. I laid my head on her chest. "What happened last night?"

"You forget already? I am losing my touch, yes?"

"No, I just want to hear you tell me."

Iryna ran her fingers through my hair, kissing me gently on the crown of my head. 

"Last night I made love to a beautiful, kind, and talented woman. Then I held her through the night as she slept, and I was happy."

"Mmm." I moved gently against her, closing my eyes. It was bliss. Or it would have been, if I hadn't had to pee.

I started to pull away. "Oh, sweetie, I have to get up." Iryna smiled and let me go. After I finished with the toilet I washed my hands, staring at myself in the mirror. My hair was mussed from sleep and, well, other things. I was also smiling. 

I giggled to myself and took a moment to look around at the palatial bathroom. There was a huge baby blue tub, encased in white marble, but I didn't see a shower initially. Then I noted the far wall didn't go all the way, creating a space behind. I poked my head around the edge, and saw the most beautiful stone tile alcove. 

There were at least six different shower heads, along with was a waterproof touch screen on the near wall, which I played with for a few seconds, causing the various heads to turn on and off. Once I had them all going I stepped inside.

'There's a lot to be said for being rich.' It was the last coherent thought I had before the jets washed everything away. It was lovely, water spraying from all sides, me just luxuriating in the warmth. It was so enthralling I didn't hear Iryna until her strong arms wrapped around me. I gasped as she pulled me back against her, her hands playing freely over my breasts and stomach. I reached behind and held her head as she kissed my neck, warm water running over us as she did. Her fingers slid down, over my mons and between my lips, where my body was quickly adding to wetness of the shower.

My knees shook as Iryna worked my clit, and I had to reach out and grab one of the safety bars to keep my balance. Her other arm wrapped around me, holding me up and caressing my nipples. Even on only one leg, her strength was amazing, and I pressed against her. I could feel her firm breasts against my back, while little sparks of joy went dancing through my limbs as she suckled my neck, the water warm on my body. The combination of sensations was overwhelming, and before I knew it I was dissolving into orgasmic bliss, shaking and crying out against my lover as she effortlessly held me up. Her fingers kept circling my clitty, drawing out every last delicious spasm of pleasure until I couldn't take any more, spinning in her arms and kissing her deeply. 

"That was a lovely surprise." I smiled up at her.

She cocked her head to the side playfully. "Well, I was lonely. And I love this shower. It is why I choose this place." She reached over and pulled a poof hanging from a hook and loaded it with body wash. "But you are still dirty, moya lyuba." She worked up a lather, languidly running the poof from my neck down to my pussy, and slowly, sensuously, she washed me, every inch and crevice, her little kisses and touches almost making me swoon. 

After awhile I claimed the poof for myself and began my own ministrations, running it first over her chest and then each breast. Her nipples were taught, pale pink and delicious looking. I sucked them each into my mouth, feeling her jerk and shudder as I did. I went on, exploring every inch her, just as she had done. Her feet, a soft callus from hours and hours on a tennis court, her incredibly toned calves and powerful thighs, the muscles of her back, moving perfectly under her cream colored skin. The joint of her hip, curve of her elbow, I worshipped everything. Somehow I felt this was far more intimate than even our lovemaking had been. 

Very much by design I finished kneeling in front of her, the smell of her arousal breaking through the lavender body wash and cool, clean wetness of the stone tile. I ran my hands down her sides to her lower back and over her firm backside. Lifting her injured leg and placing it over my shoulder, I leaned forward, taking her pearl into my mouth. It tasted just like I remembered, musky and wonderful, and I luxuriated in it. 

Unfortunately, kneeling in a tiled shower is not the most comfortable position, so I had to focus on her most sensitive areas to hurry things along. I licked and sucked, running my tongue along the sensitive spot under her clit. Soon Iryna was bucking and writhing against me, her arms flung out and steadying herself on the safety handles. I concentrated on timing my licks and flicks to the rythym she was creating, and soon she was screaming my name as she came. 

I eased her leg down and stood, sliding my body against her. She kissed me gently and I laid my head against her chest. "Iryna?"

"Yes, Moya Lyuba?"

"This is wonderful, but I'm turning into a prune, and if I don't get some breakfast soon, I'm going to start eating the soap." She laughed and kissed me again, before reaching out and hitting the red 'off' button on the panel. As I stepped out she wrapped me in big, soft towel before grabbing one for herself. I put my hair up to dry and found my robe, still laying on the floor by the bathroom door. 

Soon we were out in kitchen. I was cutting up a cantaloupe while Iryna made some scrambled eggs and turkey bacon. We moved well together, making small talk and touching every time we passed by the other. As we ate our breakfast Iryna told me stories about the tour. Hearing how a particular Grand Slam champion couldn't get the words right to 'My Way' when singing Karaoke was funny, but watching Iryna doing an impression of it had me almost falling off my chair.

Iryna loved to laugh, and she was a keen observer of people. You had to be on a tennis court, to read what's really going on in an opponent's mind. And despite her lack of education, she was so smart. I loved hearing her speak.

When breakfast was finished and dishes put away I put my professional hat on. "You have exercises to do, right?"

Iryna nodded and got out the papers where her therapist had written her orders, and we started into them. It definitely wasn't like trying get a fifth grader to do his math homework. Iryna, like most high-level athletes, was solidly in the type A camp, and she was far more likely to overdo things than to shirk her recovery. Most type A's think, 'Hey, if doing the exercises once is good, twice is better, right?' As a physical therapist, I can tell you the answer to that question is almost universally 'No.' 

So, much of the time I spent talking her down from doing too much. Fortunately, she channeled a lot of that extra energy into an upper body workout that put anything I'd ever done to shame. I worked out with her, deeply envying the home gym in her villa, which was nicer than my club's (not as large, but definitely nicer). She'd gone to some other place, and the intensity on her face was astounding. I was finally able to snap her out of it with the suggestion of a massage. Even without my oils I did a pretty good job, and it had a very happy ending indeed, as I finished with my face buried between her legs.

After our multiple and varied workouts, we decided that a bath was needed, and she treated me to a repeat of her attentions from the shower, only this time with my entire body being tickled by the jets in that delicious tub. After I came down she just held me close as we enjoyed the water. 

Unfortunately, my mind was not able to fully relax into the moment. I needed to know a few things, things I really didn't want to ask about. 

I gently stroked the strong arms holding me, resting against my lover's tall frame. "Iryna?"

"Yes, Moya Lyuba?" I still didn't know what that meant, but it sent a warm fuzzy into my heart every time I heard it. 

"Can I ask you a few things?"

"Yes." I felt her tense slightly, but she also pulled me tighter. 

"How long are you staying?"

"I must be back in Europe by November. I was to be here only three weeks, but now I will stay two months, if you wish it."

That's longer than I'd thought. "Any time I can get, I'll take." My voice cracked a little as I said it. How could I be so stupid? I knew she didn't live here. The only reason she was around at all was that she'd hurt herself while in country. But part of me was devastated. I saw my dream again, where the woman I now knew was Iryna vanished into smoke when I tried to touch her. And what did she have? A girl in every port? Was I just the girl in Orlando?

"Do you, um, when you ... travel ... do you meet a lot of women?"

"Oh, Carrie." She kissed my head. "Do not think this." 

"I'm sorry, I just..." I closed my eyes, and felt a tear escape.

I tried to pull away, but she did not let me go. "I do not have many women. Is that right, my English? I have been with only four. First, when I was sixteen at the academy in Kiev. This is when I knew what I was, but she only was experimenting. It hurt so much. Then my first girlfriend, Tanya, the one my father found me with, and my last girlfriend, Elle. And I have been with you. For me, this is very fast. I am worried it is too fast. Maybe it is because of my fear, but after we met, I could not stop thinking of you. Never think this is not special for me; that you are not special."

I leaned into her, and decided to trust what she was saying. What choice did I have, right?

"Now, the men's final is played soon. You will stay for this?"

"Sure. Let's get some lunch."

When we got out of the tub and returned to the living room I went to grab my phone from my purse, which I hadn't touched since I'd arrived.

"Oh, shit."

"What is wrong?"

"My roommate is freaked out 'cause I didn't come home." I showed Iryna the last message.

Sasha- U better be getting laid, cuz if ur getting ax murdered I'm gonna be so mad at u.

I sent her a quick text that I was fine and would be home that afternoon.

'What will you tell her?"

"Not sure. I'll think of something. I'll keep your name out of it, I promise, although I doubt she knows who you are." I don't think Iryna was fully satisfied with this answer, but she didn't push further.

We ordered a pizza, one at least reasonably healthy, and I had second sports fiasco in trying to explain American football to Iryna before the men's final started at four. I actually dressed before the match. I felt I'd be able to resist staying another night better with clothes on. I borrowed a pair of panties from Iryna, a little small but they'd do. She may be taller, but I definitely had more in the trunk, so to speak. The rest of my stuff from yesterday would do the job. 

When I went to sit down, I was planning on giving myself some distance between us, but I just couldn't. I sat close and put my head on her shoulder while her arm went around me. As we watched the match I thought to myself, wow, I'd just spent two days making love to a woman, which hadn't even been a wild fantasy beforehand, and I wasn't freaked out at all. I remember Cindy, one of my lesbian friends from college, telling me she'd had a full blown panic attack after the first time she'd kissed her future wife. I remember thinking, 'Man, I'm taking this well.' Being stupidly naive is comforting sometimes. My panic attack came on my way home. 

We'd exchanged numbers and I'd gone out to my beat up silver civic, which looked incredibly out of place in this neighborhood. We'd made plans to spend next weekend together as well, and I couldn't wait. As I sat behind the wheel I had to pull a map up on my phone, as I had no idea in what part of the city I was. As I figured it out a text popped up

Iryna - I miss you.

I covered my mouth with my hand and giggled, feeling like a silly schoolgirl holding a secret note from her paramour. The community gate opened automatically as I approached, and I pulled away from my little imaginary world and was surrounded by normal people again.

I drew in a deep breath as what had just happened started to crash over me. I didn't even care who she'd been. I'd been with a woman, for God's sake! And I'd loved it, every last moment. I thought about it for a second, and there was no question in my mind. I had never, in my life, been as attracted to someone as I was to Iryna. And the sex, every orgasm I'd had had this weekend had been stronger and more wonderful than any I'd ever had before. Any, bar none. And I knew, without a doubt, that If I didn't have to go home, do laundry, be at work in the morning, etc. I'd be racing back to her bed at this very moment. 

Was I a lesbian? I thought back on my experiences with men. Even the better ones, were just nothing compared to her. And if she left, if I never saw her again, and if I ever finally stopped crying, I would want someone like her again. 

I searched my past for clues. In college, my roommate, Allison, had been a swimmer. She'd been tall, incredible shoulders and legs. I'd always been a little envious of her, even though she was a total sweetheart. But I'd enjoyed looking at her. She'd always been very proud of sexual exploits with her varied boyfriends, and I'd deeply hated hearing about them. Had that been jealousy? Maybe, but not about her having boyfriends when I didn't. It was about them touching her. I didn't like the thought of it. 

And my friends Cindy and Michelle, the ones who'd gotten married last spring, I'd always wanted what they had, because being with each other was so effortless for them. I'd been looking for it in the wrong place. 

But the realization of my sexuality wasn't the scary part. What the hell was I going to tell my parents? My sisters? My grandmother? When I'd graduated High School she's given me a real string of pearls with matching earrings. I was supposed to wear them for the man I wanted to marry. Would she want them back? Would Sasha want to move out if I told her? I couldn't afford the lease if she did. Should I just keep my big yap shut about the whole thing?

The questions kept coming, racing through my mind one after another, until I had to pull over into a Denny's parking lot to calm down. I was about two miles from my place, and I knew Sasha would be all over me when I got home. I needed a story, but it had to be close to the truth, or I'd screw it up. 

I started to think it through, and that helped me to calm down. I'd met a guy at the club, new guy, never seen him before. He'd asked me out to lunch, one thing led to another and I'd woken up at his place. Hopefully Sasha'd be so pissed at me for going home with a guy I didn't know she'd berate me over that and not push for too many details. 

Ok. We had a plan. I pulled back out onto the street and spent the last five minutes working out some details. Name was Ian, from Europe, sandy blonde hair, wore it long. Won't be here long, so just a hook up. I felt a pit open up in my stomach. Maybe that was too close to the truth. 

Crap. Too late now. I turned the key and walked in, closing and locking the door quietly behind me. Sasha was sitting on the couch while 'Say Yes to the Dress' was blaring insipidly from the TV. 

"Hi, Sash." I walked in and set my bag down.

"You!" She pulled her spoon out of a carton of Ben and Jerry's and pointed it at me. Ugh. I swear that girl could eat anything and still be a size four. "Sit. Details, now." 

I giggled. "Let me start laundry first." I moved past, and I could feel her eyes on me as I went. 

She gave a disgusted sigh. "Fine. Be quick about it, and if you want some of this bring a spoon." I threw my pile of scrubs into our little washer dryer combo and went back to the living room. Might as well get this over with. 

I flopped down on the far end of the couch, Sasha's eyes wide with expectation. 

"Well?"

"Well, what?"

"Come on. Spill."

I shrugged. "I met someone after my match at the club. We went out to lunch." As I started I found that I could not lie about Iryna's gender. Omit maybe, but saying I'd been with a man felt like a betrayal.

"Uh-huh. A thirty-hour lunch? That's a hell of a meal"

God, she had no idea. Couldn't say that, though. "After we ate I just hung out back at their house."

"And...?" Sasha made little circles with her hand, begging for more. I couldn't help but blush. "I knew it! You hooked up! God, how was it?"

"It was nice." I bowed my head, my cheeks felt like they had lava running through them. "It was really, really nice."

Sasha's eyebrows arched. "Really, really nice? How many 'really's?" 

A big toothy grin spread across my face. "Six, I think."

Sasha screamed and jumped across the couch, almost spilling her ice cream in pulling me into a hug. "I'm so happy for you! What's his name? What's he do? When do I get to meet him? Was he hung?"

I spluttered at the questions, and refused to answer any more. "Look, they're not from around here, it may have been a one night thing. I hope not, but I don't know." I yawned, not in the least bit feigned. "Sash, as soon as I get these things figured out I'll let you know, but for now..."

The disappointment on her tanned face was obvious. I'd spent a few too many evenings listening to the blow by lick details of the sexual adventures of her and her boyfriend, who was not only a nice guy, but according to her, a sex god. I hadn't really enjoyed all those conversations, although I had to admit their creativity was a bit impressive. I really hadn't had anything to reciprocate with until tonight, but I just wasn't ready, and I really wasn't sure how long I could keep up the neutral gender thing. 

"Can we just watch the show? I gotta stay up at least long enough to get those in the dryer." 

Sasha gave a look of exaggerated shock. "You would watch this?"

"I don't know. I might get married someday."

"Who are you? And what have you done with my roommate?"

I laughed and settled back. I imagined wearing one of those dresses, walking slowly down a grass pathway to where Iryna was waiting for me, beautiful in a white dress of her own. Jumping the gun? Hell yes, but a girl can dream.

After half an hour I almost kinda got what Sasha saw in this show. We were laughing at a particularly neurotic young woman when my phone buzzed from the coffee table. My heart stopped in my chest and I jumped for it, just as Sasha did the same thing. I managed to get my hands on it first, checking the name on the message. 

"It's just from Cindy."

"Bah." Sasha sat back and took another bite of her increasingly soupy ice cream. 

Cindy - Hey girl, You still coming over for the game Sat.? 3:30 our place.

Oh crap, I'd forgotten all about it. 

Me - Maybe. I'll let you know ASAP. Anyone else coming?

Cindy - Nope, Alice and Tom got tickets, so they're going up. You have to help me keep M calm during the game.

'M' was Cindy's wife Michelle, who we all called Mitch. She took Bulldogs football, um, let's just say very seriously.
