 All characters are over 18. This is the last of a four part story. You really need to read the others for this to make sense. I've had a few comments about putting foreign words in italics. That drives me crazy, too, but my dinosaur of a laptop won't upload files, making me copy and paste my submissions, so I can't do any formatting like that. I'm so sorry. Please enjoy, and comments are greatly appreciated.

***

I'd lied to Cindy. I hadn't meant to, I really intended to tell Iryna how I felt. I wanted to, and I'd come close a bunch of times. But I was afraid. What if Iryna was ready to go? Was this just a bit of fun for her? I know she'd told me that it wasn't, and I believed her, I really did, but doubts can be vicious, tenacious things.

We'd all spent an enjoyable Sunday just hanging out at the house, looking through the myriad photos that Cindy had taken from the day before and swimming in the pool. Iryna did get a call from her agent with the information that at least one video of her had landed on You Tube holding my hand, but it hadn't really gotten noticed yet. We found it pretty easily, but you couldn't really see either of our faces, so no big deal. I hoped, anyway.

As the new week started Iryna and I settled into an easy routine. I'd never looked forward to the end of the day like I did now. Instead of an apartment populated only by a roommate I had little in common with, I was heading home to the most wonderful person I had ever met. We cooked together, went for walks and bike rides, tried some local restaurants I hadn't been to, just spent time with each other. 

Every minute was precious, after all, and as the days passed I could sense them starting to slip away. Even so, every time I walked through the door, and every time she swept me into her arms, I fell a little deeper in love. In the bedroom we explored every possible attachment to the strap on. I found that I didn't care for in and out repetitive anal penetration nearly as much as having either my beads or plug fixed in place while Iryna fucked me. 

I also found that from behind was more intense and primal, and Iryna could easily pull the beads with perfect timing with my orgasm from that position, creating some truly mind shattering orgasms, but I usually enjoyed old fashioned missionary more, because I could look into Iryna's eyes as she loved me. It felt like a deep, soulful connection, and in those moments I truly felt like everything was going to be OK.

The next Thursday Iryna's therapy finished at noon, and my own eleven o'clock ended slightly early. We were planning on having lunch together, and I snuck down to watch the last few minutes of her session. Tina, her therapist, had sitting on an exercise ball, slowly extending and retracting her leg. An ankle weight had been attached, and the look on Iryna's face was pure concentration.

I slipped inside, sitting in one of the chairs along the wall. Iryna's grimace slipped away, replaced by a smile as she saw me in one of the mirrors. Tina didn't let her get distracted, though. "Come on. Ten more. I had a 60 year-old grandmother doing this exercise in here just earlier today and she was making fewer faces than you are. 

Let's go." 

The smile slipped off of Iryna's face, and that incredible focus crept back, and the leg came up and down not ten but fifteen more times. 

Iryna stood and walked off her work out.

Tina made a note on her chart and turned to me. "She's doing pretty well."

"Can I get back on the court, though? This is what I want."

Tina sighed and looked at Iryna. "OK. If, you take it easy, no full speed running, and if Carrie is with you and YOU LISTEN TO HER when she tells you to pull back, you can do some light hitting. But no more than that, understood?"

Iryna nodded enthusiastically and I was pretty sure she hadn't heard anything Tina had said other than 'yes'. My colleague gave me a stern look.

"I'll keep an eye on her, I promise."

As we sat down in at a table near the lunch counter Iryna was on cloud nine. "I cannot wait, it has been so long."

"You will wait until I get home, though, right?"

"Yes, moya lyuba." She reached over and put her hand on mine. I didn't even look around to see who else was there. Iryna's and my 'close friendship' was an open secret around the center by now. It was one of the nice things about working in a medical facility, people knew how to keep their mouths shut.

"Ok, then as soon as I get home we'll go over to the courts by your house." I made my voice sterner. "And NOT before. OK?"

Iryna looked down guiltily, and I was pretty sure I'd read exactly what she'd been thinking. "OK."

When I came into the living room that evening Iryna was already dressed and ready to go. Her eyes were wide and she was bouncing a tennis ball off her racquet, her leg dancing with nervous energy. Her smile was as wide as I'd ever seen, her face shining like a kid at Christmas.

I giggled at her. "Alright, sweetie, I need ten minutes to change."

She nodded and went back to bouncing the little yellow ball, this time off the frame, and I headed back to our bedroom to change. I stripped off my scrubs and unclasped my bra before pulling out my Georgia shorts and top. I thought for a second and then slipped off my panties as well, opting for a clean pair. As I did I heard an appreciative "Mmm". Looking over my shoulder I saw Iryna leaning in the doorway

"You could just go like that. I would enjoy this."

"Brat. Besides, you wouldn't be able to concentrate."

"Oh, I would be concentrating, just not on tennis."

I pulled my shoulders back and brought my arms to my sides, pushing my breasts out towards her. Her eyes widened and her mouth opened slightly. God, she made me feel sexy. "Well, if you behave, you may get to see these again tonight. In fact, I might, y'know, do my own concentrating later. Now beat it."

I dressed and we hopped on our bikes for the short ride over to the courts. There were a couple of twenty-something guys on one, and an older coupled on another. We picked the furthest from them both and I ran out to the far side. Iryna walked slowly to the near baseline, dribbling a ball between her racquet and the ground as she went. 

She looked across the net at me and for a moment I remembered exactly who she was. She was absolutely intimidating. Tall, lean, graceful, she was a goddess. I'd been outmatched on a tennis court before, but never to this extreme. I knew that deep in my soul, and we hadn't even hit a ball yet. Crazily, it all made me want her that much more.

Iryna raised the ball over her head. "Ready?" I nodded, forcing myself to loosen the grip on my racquet. Iryna didn't serve, instead hitting an easy forehand across the net. I stepped to my right and hit it back. One of my favorite things about tennis is it's the only sport I'm aware of that your opponent actually helps you warm up. It builds camaraderie between the players, or at least it should. Here it was giving me the confidence that I could stand on the same court as Iryna. 

We traded backhands and forehands for a while before Iryna moved into the net and began to hit volleys. Every one came right back to me, perfect for another hit. She was truly intimidating at net, with the longest wingspan I'd ever faced.

"I am going to try to serve a few."

"Gently, not a full serve, not yet." A professional serve involves bending both knees and jumping up into the ball to give the best possible downward angle. Iryna's was one of the bigger women's serves on tour, and the stress might be a little too much. 

Iryna nodded her understanding and moved to the right, and I took up my position. Her body coiled gracefully as she tossed a ball, before pushing up and striking like a snake. I'm proud to say I got a racquet on it. Barely though, sending ball skidding over onto the court occupied by the two young men, one of whom scooped it up and swatted it back. 

Iryna was good to her word, the serves she was hitting were softer than she was capable, like a second serve for her, and once I got the timing down I got the majority of them back, and we had a few more realistic rallies. I even won a couple. 

We'd been going for about half and hour when the two younger guys appeared at our sideline. Iryna snapped a forehand up the line, which I had no chance at, drawing applause from our two spectators. 

"Nice shot." 

Iryna twirled her racquet at them, wearing the same grin she had been since we'd started.

The taller of the two cleared his throat. "So, uh, you ladies interested in playing some doubles? For fun?"

Iryna looked pleadingly across the net, which made the guy smile.

I looked over at them. "Give me a second. I ran around the net so I could speak to my lover without them overhearing. 

"Please, Carrie? It is doubles, I will not run so much. And I will not serve hard, I promise."

I put on a stern look. "Just a few games. And we stop when I say so."

Iryna nodded.

"One other thing. Don't embarrass them too badly."

She grinned wickedly as I turned and walked toward our new opponents, who were each wearing big grins. Not sure why, but that made me laugh inside. Iryna was just a few steps behind. 

"Well, what d'ya say?"

"Alright, we're game. I'm Carrie, this is Iryna."

"I'm Steve, this is my buddy Josh, nice to meet you." Josh was a good bit shorter than Steve, but still at least inches taller than I was. That still made him shorter than Iryna. Steve was probably six four or so, handsome with deep blue eyes and light brown hair. He was also staring at Iryna, leaving little doubt as to what was on his mind. I felt a momentary spike of jealousy before pushing it away. That was beyond stupid, but no one ever accused a heart in love of being rational. 

Josh reached out and shook my hand. His looks were less handsome but more pleasant. "Hi." I smiled back, and he glanced at Iryna and Steve. "You guys want to do mixed?" 

My eyes found Iryna's, which were dancing with laughter. I nodded to her. "No, I think guys vs. girls is OK. It's just for fun, right?"

Josh nodded. "Sure, just let us know if you want to switch it up."

"Oh, we will."

We huddled together at one of the baselines while Steve and Josh took up positions on the other side. 

I hollered across the net. "You guys want to flip for serve?"

Josh waved his hand. "No please, ladies first."

"Such a gentleman." I pulled the ball out of my pocket and tossed it to Iryna, lowering my voice. "Kick his ass."

Once at the net, I hunched down, twirling my racquet in my hands, focused completely on Josh, who was at the baseline preparing to return.

"Service!"

I tensed, rising up on the balls of my feet as I heard the ball make contact with Iryna's racquet. It whistled up the T, and Josh moved left, getting his racquet on the ball, but his return sailed well long. I watched him for a moment as his respect for Iryna ratcheted up a few notches. As I jogged back to her Iryna's face was etched stone. 

"This time out wide, yes?" I nodded and headed back to the net. 

Steve was on the hook to return this time, and he also got a racquet on Iryna's serve, but it skidded into the bottom of the net. She gave me a quick high five. "Body serve, be ready."

"Yup." I turned back, and she was as good as her word. Josh was good too, though, and he got out of the way for strong cross-court forehand well to my right. It was solid strategy. In doubles you almost always hit away from the opponent at the net. 

Of course, the other opponent usually isn't an international tennis star. Iryna stepped forward and ripped a forehand directly at Steve, who was playing at the net on his side. He never had a chance.

One more point and the game was ours. As we walked around to the other side, I watched the boys out of the corner of my eyes, both of them looking far less sure of themselves than they'd been a few minutes ago. Iryna dropped back to return as Steve took the ball.

I won't bore you with the details, although I can still give a full recount of every point we played that day. In all, we took the first three games. Josh, serving in game four, had gotten a game point, which I was returning. The point before I had seen Iryna wince slightly planting on her knee, so I intentionally netted my return. I didn't really feel bad about it, they'd been awful good sports about losing to a couple of girls, so far at least.

"Hey we got one!" The boys gave each other a fist bump while I jogged towards Iryna.

"Ok, we're done." Iryna's mouth opened to protest, but I shut her down with a scowl. 

"It's been hurting through the last game and you know it." Iryna nodded and we turned towards the net. "Sorry guys, we're gonna have to call it here." 

A chorus of "No's!" came back. Steve eyed me before speaking. "We're just getting into it, you gotta let us try to even things up." 

"No, Iryna's coming off an injury and it's starting to bother her, I can tell."

Steve turned to Iryna. "You let her tell you what to do?"

"She is the boss today. I promised."

Josh jogged to the net where I met him and shook his hand. "Well, that was the most fun I've had getting whipped in a while."

Steve was right behind. "Yeah, you guys thumped us fair and square. I'd say we owe you a drink."

"Absolutely." Josh nodded.

"Oh, I don't think so, boys, we kinda have plans tonight."

"Aww, come on." Steve leaned across the net. "It'll be fun."

Iryna reached my side and slipped her hand into mine. "I am sorry, gentlemen, but this one is taken."

"She has a boyfriend?" Steve didn't look deterred, he'd been watching Iryna anyway, but Josh started to laugh. His friend looked back at him. "What?"

"Dude, they're a couple."

"Couple of what?"

Josh whacked him on the shoulder and pointed at our interlaced hands.

Understanding spread over Steve's face. "Oh, well, shit. Seriously?" 

I put my other hand on Iryna's arm. "Yup, sorry."

"Man, that sucks. God damn it." He stomped away towards his stuff, grumbling. 

Josh stepped forward. "Sorry, he's not usually that big of an ass. Though he has had a bit of rough luck with the ladies for the last . . . lifetime. Aims too high sometimes." He shook our hands again. "Thanks for the games." 

Iryna and I packed up our stuff and headed back to our bikes, holding hands the whole way. When we reached them I swung our arms back and forth. "So, I'm taken, hmm?"

"Yes. You, Carrie Mitchell, are all mine." She leaned down and kissed me, making my legs turn to jelly. "And I am yours."

I held her to me, gently pressing my lips to the skin just above the neckline of her shirt, tasting the saltiness of her sweat mingling with her normal wonderful flavor. 

"And I'm the boss today?" I looked up, trying to put a devilish twinkle in my eye.

She smiled back. "I did say that."

"I thought so. First, home, shower, then food. Then I want to try something."

"What?"

"You'll find out." I ignored her protests as I jumped on my bike and pedaled away. As I headed home I thought about Josh. He was exactly the kind of guy I'd have been interested in. Not too handsome, but athletic and funny, and perceptive, for a guy at least. But even when he'd been gently flirty during the match, I'd felt nothing, no interest at all. It had been the same way with Kevin. He'd been perfect, kind, attentive, even sweet. But there wasn't any more. I was never desperate to be with him; the thought of his touch had never made me forget what I was doing. I knew what more was now. Iryna rode past me, looking back over her shoulder with a grin that made me shiver. I was going home with her and that made me so happy. 

I spent a long time washing Iryna in the shower, teasing her mercilessly, but ignoring her begging for me to finish the job. After dinner, while she was putting dishes in the dishwasher I wrapped my arms around her waist, stood on my tiptoes and kissed the back of her neck.

"You said I'm the boss tonight?"

Iryna purred as I pressed my lips to her skin again. "I did, moya lyuba."

I let my hand run down her side before cupping her rear end and giving it a squeeze. "Good. When you finish, come back to bed." I walked slowly out of the kitchen, letting my hips sway, feeling Iryna's hungry eyes on me as I did. 

Once out of sight I ran back to our room and stripped. I put on a black lace bra, a matching thong with black thigh highs and a garter belt

I lied down on my side, turned toward the door, holding my head up in my hand while one leg draped over the other, emphasizing every curve God had given me. 

Footsteps sounded in the hall and the door opened, Iryna's tall frame sliding through the opening, where she froze at the sight of me. "Oh, moya lyuba." She started to walk toward the bed.

"No, no." I wagged a finger at her. "You don't get too touch this bed while you're wearing a single stitch of clothing."

"But..."

"Huh-uh, my rules. Clothes off. Now."

I could see the naked hunger in her eyes as she pulled her shirt over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra, and my mouth started watering as her nipples firmed under the cool air. She kicked off her ankle socks and began unbuttoning her stonewashed denim shorts, taking them and her panties down in a single motion. 

I stretched languorously on the bed. "Turn around. Let me see you." She complied, slowly, and I could feel my juices starting to flow as I ogled her. My God, she was beautiful, the curve of her hip, the muscles in her legs, her soft, powerful core. I so badly wanted her to come take me, but I resisted. Tonight, I was going to be doing the taking.

"Come, lie down on the bed, on your back." Iryna moved to comply, reaching out to me she as she did. I swatted her hand away. "No. No touching. Not yet." Once she was on her back I got up on my knees and opened her legs with one of my own, running my silk clad thigh against her increasingly soaked sex, making her moan and move against me. I leaned over her, my bra dragging against her breasts, and kissed her while my hands ran up her arms to her wrists and held them to the pillow.

"Look at me." Her crystal blue eyes opened, staring deeply into mine as I spoke. 

"Now, I don't want to have to restrain you, so you hold your arms here while I do whatever I want to this beautiful body." My finger traced its way down her sternum and between her breasts while my tongue over her ear, making her shudder from head to toe. "Understand?"

She jerked her head. "Good girl." I began to work. First her neck, holding her head as I feasted, all the while continuing to rub my thigh against her pussy. As soon as she started making those little begging sighs that I so loved I started to work my way down, worshipping her breasts for a few beautiful minutes. Her hand moved to cup my head, but I pushed it away. "No, No."

I kissed down across her firm stomach, my tongue running circles around her navel while my fingernails scratched gently down her sides. "Carrie, please, please." One of my fingers circled around and through the crease her cheek made with her leg before dipping between her lips. I pulled my head away so I could see what I was doing. My finger coated it self with Iryna's nectar before sliding up and ever so gently stroking her hood. Iryna had reached back and was clutching the metal bars of the headboard, her face screwed up in pleasure.

The finger trailed its way back down and entered her, curling up against her special spot as I lowered my head and breathed in her arousal. It did what it always does to me, triggering that primal part of my brain, but I made myself get control. I kissed her thigh, then the other, working my way slowly toward my goal. 

Finally my tongue dipped inside her, savoring her exquisite flavor. I slowly worked her, reveling in the sensation of my lips sliding over the silk of my lover's most intimate places. I could feel her move against me, pressing her body against my mouth, begging for more contact. Eventually I increased my pace, centering my tongue's work on her clit, until she shuddered against me in orgasm. 
