 "And when you win, I have a surprise for you, moya lyuba." Iryna's face was unreadable. 

"A good surprise?" 

"You will have to win to find out."

It was Saturday morning again. The week had passed. Iryna and I talked and texted every night, just like a couple of silly teenagers. On Thursday night we did a little experiment, where I headed straight over to Iryna's after work. It'd been lovely. We made dinner together, snuggled on the couch and watched some show on Hulu. At bedtime we walked back to our room, where we got ready together in the bathroom. News flash, international tennis stars brush their teeth like normal people. Weird. 

We climbed into bed and made love. Not earthshaking, hours long, mind bending love, just normal weeknight, I'm so happy you're here with me love. It was nice. And I fell asleep in her arms, which was even nicer. When the sun came up I awoke feeling her warmth next to me. By the time I was finished with my morning ablutions, Iryna was sitting up in bed.

"Good morning, moya lyuba."

"Good morning." I wasn't wearing anything, and I didn't care, which was a novel experience for me I never walked naked in front of my ... anyone ... before. From middle school gym, through all the tennis teams I'd been on, if I'd absolutely had to shower with my teammates it was as fast as humanly possible. And never in front of my boyfriends. During sex was one thing, but afterwards, no way.

But I knew she was watching me as I sauntered across the room. Oh, and I did saunter. Absolutely. Her gaze, it didn't make me feel cheap, or judged, or objectified. I was empowered, beautiful, and strong. I put on a little show as I got dressed, which earned me a deep throated growl that sent a delicious chill throughout my body. 

Iryna slid out of bed, wrapping herself in a robe and walking with me out to the kitchen. She started coffee as I toasted a muffin, and we went through the morning together. As I went out the door Iryna kissed me deeply. "Have a good day, and hurry home." I almost floated to my car, the word 'home' caressing my heart.

We were even able to have lunch together that day, after her PT was finished. It had to be on the down low, or at least we had to behave ourselves. I didn't really care for that, but I understood.

When I got back to her place after work she'd ravished me right there in entryway, feasting on my neck while her fingers had dipped into my scrubs and brought me to a quick orgasm. That hadn't been difficult, especially since I'd gotten uncomfortably wet just thinking about her on the drive over. When the aftershocks passed she lifted me up, me wrapping my legs around her waist, and carried me to the couch, where she stripped me naked and slowly brought me to bliss with her tongue.

After I came back to earth I stretched languidly. "Oh, I could get used to that kind of welcome home." I'd pulled her to me and kissed her deeply.

"I am glad you enjoyed it." 

"My turn." I'd started to pull up her shirt, but she'd stopped me.

"No, moya lyuba. That is all you get tonight. You have a match in the morning, and you must be ready."

Even my best pouty face accomplished nothing, but despite my frustrations we managed to have a lovely evening. We made chicken and whole wheat pasta, and Iryna talked strategy with me.

"This woman you are playing, she plays how? What are her strengths?"

"She's a counter puncher. She's not real tall, but can run anything down. She's frustrating." We'd talked about how to deal with someone like that, and when we finally went to bed, she steadfastly refused to let me get past first base. But she did hold me, whispering in my ear.

"You are strong, fast, and powerful, moya lyuba. The court is yours. She cannot defeat you. Every ball she returns only prolongs her demise." I fell asleep with her voice in my head, and I dreamed of victory. 

And now it was morning. Match time. I opened the car door and stepped out. Martin popped the trunk and I removed my tennis bag. There was a small crowd at the entrance, obviously waiting for Iryna with things for her to sign. She squeezed my hand once before turning to her fans. That was fine with me. I was focused, slipping inside without looking back.

On the court, I was a goddess. I played perfectly, my best in months, maybe years. All the things Iryna and I had talked about I executed flawlessly, and I took the match 6-0 6-1. The feeling was amazing, right up until after the final handshake, when Penny, my opponent, had gone over to the stands for a consoling hug from her boyfriend. My own lover was standing right next to the pair, and I hated that I couldn't go to her. She blew me a small kiss, which was nice, but I wanted to be holding her, in front of everyone, consequences be damned.

I forced myself to return her smile and went to the locker rooms. As I stood under the shower my emotions ranged between elation for how well I'd played, and frustration at not being able to share it. I tried to tell myself when we were alone it would be fine. I'd be back in her arms and all would be well.

I dressed and made my way back out to the courts, but as I did any resentment I felt melted away as I saw Iryna. She was on the court with a racquet, somewhere she was definitely not supposed to be, gently hitting with a young girl on the other side of the net.

"Oh! A big forehand! Very good shot!" Iryna clapped a hand to her racquet as the ball sailed past her. She pulled another fuzzy yellow ball out her pocket and held it in front of her. "Now you can do that with your backhand?"

I settled onto the bleachers and watched her for a few minutes. One of the boys, about thirteen or so, wasn't as impressed as he should have been. "I bet I could ace you." 

"You could try."

"I can ace my mom, and she's really good."

"OK. Go ahead." Iryna motioned back to the far baseline and turned towards her own, catching my eye in the process. I gave her a stern look, but she just smiled innocently and took her position. The boy, I think his name was Graham, was bouncing the ball, ready to serve. Iryna's eyes changed, their friendly light intensifying into a vicious gleam. Graham was oblivious in that stupid, adolescent way. If I were across the net, I'm pretty sure I'd fake a sprained ankle. 

Iryna leaned forward, bending her knees and spinning her racquet in her hands. 

"Service!" Graham rocked and swung. He wasn't wrong. It was a good serve, hard and up the T. Iryna stepped to her left and cracked a two handed backhand into the open court. Graham could only watch it fly past. 

"My turn." Iryna caught a ball tossed to her from the girl she was hitting with earlier. "Ready?"

Graham nodded, his expression far less confident than it had been. Iryna served, slicing it out wide. Graham lunged and waved wildly, but made no contact. "Fifteen -- Love" Iryna walked to the other side of the baseline. "Ready?" Graham nodded, and this one went flat and quick up the middle. Graham was cheating out side, and he didn't even move for the ball. 

"Thirty -- Love." To his credit, Graham looked determined, even in the face of the ribbing he was receiving from his friends on the sideline. Iryna took some mercy on the lad, her next serve curving into the body. To his credit Graham got out of the way and made the return, but it was high and into the center of the court. Iryna ran forward and smacked away a forehand, but I saw the twinge of pain in her face as she did so.

"Iryna!" She looked at me, and I could see the steel in her eyes. 

"One more point." She caught the ball from the other side of the court. "Forty-Love." She made her way back to the ad court. One more serve, hard up the T, and it was over. I could see her limp as she walked to the net. She shook Graham's hand and tussled his hair. "You're a good player, keep up the hard work." He nodded, blushing lightly. 

She walked over to me, and I couldn't help but take her hand. "Are you OK?"

"Yes." She smiled. "It felt good."

"Pushing around a kid?" 

"No. Holding the racquet, looking across the net. I miss it." Iryna gave a deep sigh. "This sitting around. I hate it." She reached out and took my hand and gave it a squeeze and let go. "But being here with you, it makes it bearable." Her smile was sad, but genuine.

Would she need me after she was well? I tried to push that traitorous thought away. "Come on, let's go get something to eat. I'm starving, and I want to have a lot of energy for my surprise." I whispered the last bit in her ear, and she grinned as she stood up with me. We stopped for Pho, with Iryna telling about a spot where she was able to get it on the street in Bangkok.

"Hottest thing I have ever eaten."

"Hotter than me?" I tilted my head and pouted, batting my eyelashes and almost making her choke on her noodles.

"No, I...You are terrible." We shared a laugh, the first since we'd left the club, and the mood significantly lightened. By the time we got back to Iryna's she was laughing and happy again, mercilessly teasing me about my surprise. She dismissed Martin for the day as I went in to use the half bathroom off the foyer, and when I came out Iryna was gone.

"Sweetie?"

"In the bedroom." The huskiness of her voice made me shiver, and I made myself not run down the hall to the back. When I entered, Iryna was standing next to the bed, wearing only a pair of red panties. Her long, sandy blonde hair was pulled up into a bun, emphasizing her striking features. My mouth went dry. With her kind and playful nature, it was easy to forget how magnificent she truly was. My pussy began to tingle at the sight. 

"Strip for me, moya lyuba. I wish to see you." I never looked away from her face, those crystalline blues eyes holding me enthralled. I kicked off my tennis shoes, raising my legs one at a time to peel off my socks. I pulled my tank top free from my shorts and lifted, tossing it away. I peeled down my bottoms and stood in my sports bra and panties.

"You are beautiful, Carrie, please continue." She made no move toward me. I pulled my sports bra over my head, feeling the weight of my breasts bounce free. Finally I shimmied off my pink cotton panties and I stood naked in front of my lover. 

Iryna covered the distance between us in two steps and put her arms on my shoulders. "I have something special for you, I think you will love it, but I would like for you to not interfere. It can be very intense." 

For a moment I saw uncertainty in her eyes. I reached up and touched her cheek. "I trust you. What do you have in mind?"

"Lie down on the bed." I did, never looking away from her. I laid my head on the pillow while Iryna reached into the nightstand and pulled out two silk scarves. 

I smiled up at her. "This is the surprise, you want to tie me up?"

"No, this is just getting ready. Will you let me? If you say to stop, I will stop."

"I mean it Iryna, I trust you. If you think this will make it better, I'll do it." I held my arm out, and she ran her fingers along my skin, raising gooseflesh and making me moan. She pressed my wrist against the white metal headboard, tying it off gently with one of the scarves. She repeated the process on the other side, leaving me helpless before her. Ok, well maybe that's over stating it a bit. When I think back on it, I'm pretty sure I could have wriggled out of those restraints. But the hungry look in Iryna's eyes kept me still. 

I pulled my head up, my lips parted, begging for a kiss. Iryna leaned down and obliged me. It was odd, not being able to wrap my arms around her or touch her hair. But it was intensely erotic also.

"Oh, moya lyuba, I cannot tell you how beautiful you are." She ran a finger slowly down my neck, over my breast, and into the hollow around my stomach, all while gazing down at me. "It is time for your surprise. Are you ready?"

I nodded, drawing a shaky breath, every nerve in my body tingling from that one finger still tracing ecstasy over my skin. 

Iryna reached back to the nightstand again, pulling out a tall bag I wasn't able to see into. She set it next my hip and lowered her mouth to mine. She kissed me gently before moving down to my neck and suckling on the tender flesh there. She moved onto my nipples, sucking and nibbling, everything I loved. I leaned my head back, luxuriating in the sensations. They weren't exactly new, but I wasn't complaining. 

As Iryna worked her way even lower I almost forgot about my 'surprise', my legs opening in anticipation of what I hoped was coming. 

Suddenly the contact ceased. "Raise your hips, Carrie." My eyes opened and I did as instructed. Iryna slipped a pillow under my lower back, lifting my behind clear of the sheets. She pressed her hands flat against my thigh, easing them open and back. My pussy and ass were fully exposed. Looking down the length of my body I could see my aroused clitty sticking lewdly up. 

Iryna saw it too, leaning down and wrapping her lips around it. 'Oh God!" Too soon she broke away, reaching into the bag and pulling something out. It was long, probably seven or eight inches, and a translucent deep pink or red. It was flexible, but not phallic shaped, so my first guess was gone. There was a large ring at the base, extending out into maybe eight or nine spheres, attached in line by a thin plastic wand. 

"What are those?" 

"You shall see." Iryna pulled a small bottle of gel from the bag. She repositioned herself between my legs, blowing gently over my sex. Her mouth took me in, running over the length of my folds. Down and back, and then beyond my vaginal opening and over to my rosebud, which caused me to gasp and cry out. 

"You like this, yes?" Iryna pushed a finger against my pucker, popping it inside.

"Oh God! Yes, yes I do."

"Good." She squirted a bit of the goo from the bottle onto her hand and began spreading it on my butt, even pressing inside a little. I gasped at the chill on my skin, reality dawning on me as to where those beads were going. Iryna spread some more of the lube onto the toy. She pressed the end, the smallest bead, up against my anus. Iryna looked up at me, her crystalline blues searching for permission. I nodded shakily, eyes wide as saucers watching what she was doing. 

My body was electric, both from the earlier teasing and the thought of what was about to happen. And then, ever so gently, the first bead popped inside me. I grunted and threw my head back, my hands wrapping around the restraints that held them in place. A second bead popped in and I cried out. 

"Carrie?"

"Please don't stop." The third and fourth bead went in, each getting successively larger. Then a fifth. I felt full, beautifully full. I was breathing heavily. Iryna's other hand went up and caressed my clit. My hips bucked at the contact, another bead sliding in. "Oh shit!, Iryna, I don't know if I can do another."

"Yes, you can, moya lyuba. One more."

"Ok." I bit my lower lip as Iryna began to apply more pressure. Clamping down wasn't going to help matters, so I tried to let myself relax, and after a moment there were seven beads inside of me. Iryna slowly manipulated the end, send shudders racing through my body. She didn't pull it in and out, which is what I had been expecting, instead turning her hand is circles, causing the length to press against every side of me. My hips undulated against her, trying to increase the stimulation. It was exquisite. 

"It is good?"

My eyes shut tight, all I could do was nod. I was shaking from head to toe, and then, with no warning, Iryna pushed her tongue deep into my pussy. "Ahh! Iryna! God!" 

She drove in and out, and I could feel her touch against the beads. My head was spinning; it was so intense. My entire body pulsed and sang, and it took focus to keep breathing through the pleasure. 

Iryna continued for a moment, and then ran her long tongue up through my folds, causing my hips to kick off the bed, trying to press myself against her. Her quiet strength pushed me back down, fingers sliding into my vagina. Every time my muscles tensed I could feel the beads inside me, pressing through the sensitive flesh. They seemed to heighten everything. Iryna continued to make love to me with her mouth. I bucked and writhed underneath her talented lips, my words and cries becoming less and less coherent. 

I could sense my climax building, and Iryna was wasting no time in taking me there. And it was going a big one, with the beads in place. They weren't even in all the way. There were at least two more were on that blessed toy. As soon as I could speak again, I was going to tell Iryna how much I liked them. So very, very nice. Of course, that tongue flicking my clit was pretty nice too. Yeah. And with my hands tied I couldn't do anything except let myself sink into the feelings. Her fingers curled against my G-spot, rubbing in time with that blessed tongue. 

"Moya lyuba, you must tell me when you are ready to cum, yes?" Somehow I managed to nod.

I floated along for a few minutes, luxuriating in the incredible and varied sensations echoing through my body. They were reverberating off each other, driving me upwards to new heights. I knew I was making sounds, but they weren't intelligible by any stretch. Finally, Iryna's fingers and tongue found a complimentary rhythm, and I felt my orgasm rush towards me. 

Some part of brain remembered what Iryna had said. "Sweetie I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna, oh God, Unhnh..." As my core muscles tensed in that ecstatic moment just before release, Iryna's fingers slipped out of my pussy. I felt a momentary twinge of disappointment before the first intense wave of pleasure hit, and the largest bead was pulled from my bottom.

Ever been on a trampoline? That thrill every time it bounces you into the air? Ever have a friend land next to you just as you're jumping and you get launched super high? It was kind of like that. The extra sensation of the bead made the first strong pulse of my orgasm insanely intense, like nothing I was prepared for. My head slammed back into the pillows as I screamed. Iryna's tongue was merciless, lashing my nub side to side and up and down. I jerked and writhed, and inexorably, as each wave of ecstasy coursed through me, the beads popped free, each one strengthening the accompanying orgasmic pulse to levels I hadn't known existed. I surfed on the edge of a tsunami, with no idea how I could land safely. 

By the time the last of the toy was removed and my climax finally began to fade I was completely spent. I was seeing stars, desperately trying to catch my breath. I felt Iryna move up my body, reaching out to untie my wrists. As soon as I was free she reached for me, pulling me close as I trembled against her.

"Shhh, moya lyuba. It is too much?"

"Just hold me." My cheek lay flush on her chest, my palms pressed against her. Her strong arms tightened around my shaking body. Any small movement caused aftershocks to race through me, each a mini orgasm that made me quiver inside and out. 

"You are okay, moya lyuba?" When I looked up there was a touch of concern in her eyes, so I smile weakly up at her.

"I just need a minute. That was... I don't know what that was." I snuggled against her. "Thank you. I loved it." I love you. My mind knew it, but I couldn't make myself say the words. I thought about how many times I'd decried the capacity of the male half of our race to do just that. I'd said them before, and thought myself very evolved for doing so. But now I knew it hadn't been true. It wasn't like I'd been lying, exactly. I just hadn't known what it meant, not really. I did now, and I'd only known her three weeks.

Why did she have to be her? Why couldn't she be a teller from the bank, or someone I met at the club, or another therapist from work? I forced my tears back down and tried to remember that she was here now, and that was the important thing. Her heart thudded powerfully in her chest, the warmth of her filled me, and the rise and fall of her chest lulled me into finally into sleep.
