 TUESDAY

It's funny the little details you notice when you are bound and naked. My bedroom's ceiling fan spun lazily, pushing cool air around the room, the breeze reminding me that my bottom was exposed and up in the air. My Thai maid, Bee, stood by the bed, wagging her pretty brown bottom next to my head. Face down, my head was turned awkwardly to look at Bee, who had just reminded me that I made her promise not to take the plug out by herself.

Bee giggled and turned to face me. The blue dildo strapped to her waist was so big it looked as if it swung around seconds after Bee did, but I'm sure I was imagining things. She stroked my hair, and whispered in my ear, "Miss so pretty. Miss have pretty pink asshole."

I twitched my head to shrug off Bee as best I could, but she just giggled again. Sitting on the bed next to me, she reached back and traced a finger along the length of my pussy... oh... and brought a wet finger back up to my face. "Vicky horny, no?" she said.

"No Bee! I am not," I lied. The truth was I was very angry, very humiliated, but very turned on. "Wait," I said, "what did you call me?"

"Vicky," Bee said, and looked me straight in the eye. (I think "Victoria" might have been too much for her).

"Bee," I said angrily, "you will call me Miss! Now untie me this instant."

"No Vicky. You call Bee Miss," she said, and stroked my hair again.

This was too much. "Bee, if you untie me right now I'll remove that plug," I said, trying to sound confident.

Bee's face went flat and expressionless. Sitting on the bed, she lifted a haunch and reached around behind her. With a slight grimace, she pulled the plug out of her bottom and held it up, glistening, slick, and clean. "Vicky, call Bee Miss."

"No Bee! Now obey me and untie me!" I shouted.

Again, Bee said quietly, "Call Bee Miss." This time she waved the butt plug in the air to emphasize her point.

"What are you going to do, Bee, put the plug in my bottom? You wouldn't dare!" I said, in the iciest tone I could muster.

I started to demand yet again that she untie me, but quick as a whip, and before I could react, Bee popped the plug into me -- not in my ass, but into my open mouth! Yuck! I spit it out instantly onto the bed and yelled, "That's enough Bee!"

Undaunted and unsmiling, Bee picked the plug up and pressed it to my lips. I closed my mouth tightly, pressing my lips together as hard as I could. It was the only struggle I could manage, because my wrists were still bound to my ankles. Bee pinched my nose shut and waited for a moment until I gasped for air, and then slipped the narrow end of the plug past my lips and forced all but the base into my mouth. With her left hand, she held the plug in place and with her right hand she held the back of my head still, pressing it into the pillow.

I struggled, gagging once, and tried to calm down, sucking air through my nostrils. Thankfully the plug was not very big, but still filled my mouth with silicone. Bee relaxed her grip on my head, but only a bit, and smiled again. "Vicky likes the plug," she said.

Oh God, how can I admit this to the Reader, or even to myself? The truth is, a part of me did like the plug in my mouth. Bee's bottom was so beautiful and so clean, so tight and so brown, just thinking that the plug had rested in her ass since I planted it there earlier that morning drove me mad with desire. Bee rocked the plug in my mouth gently, and I sucked it like I would suck a cock. The plug was damp, and tasted a bit sour from her body, but was otherwise clean. I marveled again at her hygiene, and prayed she wouldn't command me to worship her ass -- I would have a hard time saying no.

She said, yet again: "Call Bee Miss."

I shook my head no as much as I could. Bee whispered, "You spit plug when you say Miss," and nibbled the back of my neck. I took her to mean that as soon as I was ready to call her "Miss," I could spit the plug out. Again, I shook my head no. Bee shrugged her shoulders and got up off the bed, leaving the plug propped against a pillow still filling my mouth. She walked out of the room and was gone for a moment. I could hear her looking for something in the kitchen.

She returned a minute later with our old-fashioned polaroid camera.

Instantly I spit out the plug and shouted, "No! Bee! Put that camera away." Bee simply ignored me and walked around behind me to the end of the bed. I couldn't turn my head far enough to see her, but I could hear her giggling and snapping pictures. I could only imagine what my backside looked like with me trussed like a turkey. I got very angry and said some terrible things to Bee, which I will not repeat here. Bee continued to ignore me and popped the plug back in my mouth, taking a picture quickly before I could spit it out again.

I started to cry. Bee stroked my hair and said, "Shhhh... Vicky, shhh..." Softly, she kissed my shoulder. After a gentle nibble, she moved her lips to the top of my spine, and kissed me so delicately that my skin tightened with chills. As she slowly worked her way down my spine, kissing and nibbling and cooing, I could sometimes feel the weight of the fake blue cock bounce against my skin. When her lips arrived at the top of my crack, I moaned, still crying a bit, but so very, very aroused.

I could no longer see her, but could feel her presence directly behind me. She kissed one cheek, and then the other, and I waited, hoping to feel her moist kitten's tongue between my cheeks, but she denied me the pleasure I had given her earlier that morning -- after all, she remembered who was serving whom. Bypassing my anus, she gently licked my labia.

I don't think I've ever been more wet in my life, and she giggled, I assume at the ample evidence of my state of mind. Kissing, licking, and nibbling my pussy, she traced her fingers up and down my spine and around the cheeks of my ass, occasionally drifting over the pucker of my anus but never pressing entry. After a moment, she gripped one cheek with each hand and pressed both thumbs between my cheeks while she licked my pussy. A few minutes of this and I came gently, all the while moaning and sucking the plug in my mouth.

I could feel Bee lift herself, and she let the weight of the squishy blue dildo rest against my tailbone. Drawing her body back slightly, she let the dildo slide down between my cheeks until it came to rest against my anus, a heavy presence waiting for the opportunity to intrude.

Oh no, I thought, it's too big. I can't take it there; she'll split me in two!

Bee pressed the issue a bit, leaning into my body so the head of the intruder pushed against my anus. I whimpered and tried to relax, unable to move because of the restraints. She pulled my cheeks apart and leaned into me again, the dry blue head pressing my ring back into my body, my anus not opening at all. Bee had not lubed my bottom with anything: not with spit, not with my juice, not with KY, and not with butter. I had no idea how I could accept the dildo without something to slick me down. I couldn't decide whether to squeeze my bottom as hard as I could in an attempt to keep the dildo out, or relax and try to let her take me. Bee pressed again, and I could feel my ring buckling under the weight of the monster. Oh God, this was it -- I could not stand it...

Bee whispered, and I could hear the determination in her voice, "Vicky, call Bee Miss. You serve Bee."

Utterly defeated, I spit the plug out and cried, "Miss! Miss! Miss! Miss! Oh God, please let me be your maid! Please Miss, please!"

~~~

End of Chapter 2

To be continued in Chapter 3.