 Lisa hit "Play" and stared at the monitor. It showed her employee, Keisha Wilson, taking money from a customer and then, instead of ringing up the sale, putting the cash in her pocket. She then wrote on a piece of paper and handed the paper to the customer, along with a bag containing the blouse the woman had purchased.

Thirty eight years old, Lisa was the owner of a store which sold women's clothing and lingerie. Starting about 3 months earlier, Lisa noticed that receipts were lower on days when Keisha worked. At first Lisa thought it was a coincidence, or that Keisha just wasn't very good at selling, so she began to watch her with the idea of helping her become better. Lisa quickly realized that Keisha was actually very good at selling. The pretty African-American college student, with her mocha-colored flawless skin, thick, curly black hair and bright smile, had a knack for making customers feel comfortable and for suggesting clothes which flattered them. She also always seemed to find one or two accessories which matched the clothes, which delighted the customers and of course, added to the sale total. Seeing her in action, Lisa realized that receipts should be higher on the days she worked, not lower.

Keisha worked at the store about 15 hours per week while attending the local college. She was bright, cheerful and attractive, and seemed to be a good employee. However, Lisa knew that as a college student, Keisha was probably always in need of a little extra money, and suspecting that the access to cash at the store was a little too tempting, Lisa had decided to review the security camera video. The video clearly showed Keisha pocketing money from sales several times during each of her shifts over the last month.

Leaning back in her chair, Lisa thought about how she wanted to handle the situation. As a lesbian, she had always been attracted to Keisha, although she had been careful not to let this show. As she thought about the girl's ample bust, which Lisa guessed was a 36C, and her round, shapely ass which stuck out invitingly, Lisa decided on a plan and smiled to herself. If the plan went well, the young Black woman with the ripe body would become her private sex toy.

At 5:00 Lisa locked the front door, flipped the "Open" sign over to show "Closed" and asked Keisha to accompany her back to her office. Once there, Lisa sat down at her desk, looked straight at Keisha, who had remained standing, and asked, "Is there something you want to tell me?"

Looking slightly confused, Keisha said, "No...what do you mean?"

"You've been stealing from me. From what I've seen you've stolen over $500, which constitutes a felony in this State. I'm going to call the police, and you're going to jail."

Wide-eyed, Keisha exclaimed "No! I haven't been stealing...you're wrong!"

Coldly, Lisa said, "Come here—I want to show you something." She beckoned for Keisha to come behind the desk, and once Keisha could view the monitor, Lisa started the tape. It showed Keisha taking money from a customer and putting it in her pocket, writing on a piece of paper and handing the paper to the customer. "My guess is that you tell the customers the cash register isn't working, then you take the money and give them a handwritten "receipt". I have video of you doing this numerous times, so I intend to give it to the police when they come to arrest you."

Keisha was stunned, and felt stupid. She should have guessed that there were security cameras, but she never saw any and didn't think about them. Desperate, she pleaded with Lisa—"Please don't call the police. I'm sorry...I won't do it again."

"Sorry isn't good enough. You'll be kicked out of college, and then you'll go to jail. As a convicted felon, even after you get out, you'll be lucky to get a minimum wage job, and you can kiss your dream of having a career goodby."

Shattered, Keisha started crying. "Pleeeease... I can't go to jail! I'll do anything for you... I'll work extra hours without pay...I'll pay back the money...I'll...I'll do anything, just don't call the police..."

Hearing Keisha beg, Lisa knew she had her right where she wanted her. "Well...there might be another way to handle this situation...you say you'll do anything?"

Suddenly hopeful, Keisha wiped at her eyes and straightened up. "Oh yes! I'll do whatever you want!"

"O.K.—I won't call the police if you agree to be my slave for a year."

Shocked, Keisha said "Slave?? You want me to be your slave?? You mean, like work here at the store without pay?"

"I mean do whatever I tell you to do, and to accept whatever I do to you. Do we have a deal?"

The word "slave", with all its history connected to her race, bounced around Keisha's head. "Umm...I...I don't know...", she said quietly, staring at the floor.

"Fine—I'll just call the police then and you can find out what jail is like."

Panicked and desperate, Keisha practically yelled "NO!". Then, feeling sick and scared, she quietly said, "O.K., I'll do it."

"You'll do what?"

Swallowing hard, Keisha said, "I'll be your slave."

"Good choice. Now take off your clothes."

"What?? Why...??"

"When I tell you to do something, you don't ask "Why?". You'll pay for that. Now strip, or I call the police."

With her knees shaking, Keisha pulled her top up over her head, and then off. Clutching it to her chest, she pleaded with Lisa—"Please don't make me do this."

"I'm not making you do anything. Do you want me to call the police or do you want to take your clothes off?"

Keisha's eyes darted around the office like those of a cornered animal, and then she dropped her top and slowly began to unfasten the button on her pants.

"I asked you a question—I expect an answer!"

Ashamed of what she was being forced to say, Keisha spoke softly. "I want to take my clothes off."

"O.K.- then hurry up and do it."

Keisha pulled down the zipper on her pants, tugged them down over her hips and then let them drop to the floor. Stepping out of them, she reached behind her back and undid the clasp of her bra, and then slid it down over her arms. As she dropped it to the floor, she felt the cool air from the vent in the ceiling wash over her, causing her large, rosy-pink nipples to stiffen and stand at attention. Keisha was embarrassed and flustered, and tried unsuccessfully to cover her ample breasts with her hands. Staring at the pretty Black girl, Lisa smiled at her discomfort. "Now take off your panties and hand them to me."

Keisha took a deep breath and then quickly took her panties off. Mortified to be naked in front of her boss, she handed the panties to Lisa while she used her free hand to try to cover first her breasts and then her pubic area.

Lisa held the panties, still warm from Keisha's body, and inspected them. They were dry, indicating that Keisha wasn't aroused. Lisa decided to change that.

She stepped forward so that she was only inches from Keisha. Staring straight into her big brown eyes, Lisa said "Lock your hands behind your head and keep them there until I tell you otherwise." As Keisha put her hands behind her head, Lisa began to stroke her breasts as she continued to stare into her eyes. Lisa pulled on Keisha's breasts as she moved her hands down, and then dug her fingernails in as she moved them up. Keisha's eyes widened on the downward motion and narrowed in pain each time Lisa's hands moved up. Next, Lisa began to play with Keisha's nipples. Already stiff and hard, they began to ache as Lisa rolled them between her fingers and then pinched and pulled them. Keisha dropped her gaze to the floor, and Lisa watched Keisha's mouth slacken, then her lips trembled, and finally Keisha began to moan softly, having to force herself to keep her hands behind her head. 

Keisha suddenly gasped out "I'm not into women!"

"I don't care what you are or are not into. What matters is what I like, and I'm going to like turning you into an obedient slave and fucktoy. I think it's time to start your training." With that, Lisa pinched Keisha's nipples hard.

"OWWW!!" 

"Whose tits are these?"

Breathing rapidly and in serious pain, Keisha stammered "Mi...Mine."

Lisa stabbed her fingernails into the engorged nipples. As Keisha screamed, Lisa said, "Wrong answer, slave. Try again. Whose tits are these?"

Finally understanding what Lisa wanted her to say, Keisha cried out "Yours! They're yours!"

"You will address me as "ma'am.""

"Yes ma'am—they're yours, ma'am!"

Stepping back, Lisa said, "Bend over and put your face and chest on the desk." With her breasts and nipples throbbing painfully, Keisha quickly did as she was told. Lisa kicked Keisha's feet until they were wider her shoulders, and then she told Keisha to reach back and spread her ass cheeks. Feeling scared and ashamed, Keisha did it, thinking of what she must look like from behind, bent over as she was with her legs wide apart.

Lisa smiled at how promptly Keisha did as she was told, without hesitation or question. It meant the girl was breaking down already, and Lisa knew she would be broken completely soon. Lisa ran her hand over Keisha's gorgeous round ass and asked, "Whose ass is this?"

Keisha responded quickly, "Yours, ma'am."

Lisa slowly moved her finger up and down Keisha's crack, brushing her little rosebud each time. Keisha jerked and gasped in shock at being touched so intimately. "So if I want to do this, that's fine with you?"

Humiliated but knowing she had no choice, Keisha stammered, "Ye...Yes ma'am, it...it's fine with me."

Enjoying herself and excited by her control over the sexy young Black woman, Lisa began to stroke Keisha's pussy lips, and then began to pinch and pull at them. As her dark purple labia swelled up in response, Keisha began to moan softly and her hips began to wiggle. Lisa watched as moisture began to appear at the opening of Keisha's pussy, and then suddenly thrust two fingers into the pink hole. Keisha cried out, "OH!! at the unexpected penetration and unconsciously raised her ass. Lisa slowly but rhythmically worked her fingers back and forth, rubbing them against the top of Keisha's tunnel as she searched for her g-spot. A few moments later Keisha's low moans turned into a cry of "OHHH...OHGODDD..." and Lisa knew she had found it.

She held her finger still but kept pressure on the spot. "Do you remember asking me "why" when I told you to take off your clothes?"

Keisha couldn't keep her pelvis from moving- Lisa's finger was driving her crazy- and she struggled to answer- "Ohhh...yes ohhhh...yes ma'am, I... ohgoddd...I remember."

"Well, slave, you're going to learn not to question my commands." With that, Lisa brought her left hand down hard on Keisha's ass and at the same time, shoved the fingers in her pussy as deep as they would go. Rocked by the sudden and simultaneous feelings of pain and pleasure, Keisha let out a wail.

As Lisa continued to spank her hard while finger-fucking her at the same time, Keisha cried out over and over, "OWW! Ahh...Ohh...OWW!!" She had never felt such a mixture of pleasure and pain. The fingers in her pussy brought her to the brink of an orgasm, but the pain from the smacks on her ass kept her from achieving release. It was maddening, and after a few minutes she began sobbing from frustration and pain. Finally Lisa stopped spanking her, and pulled her fingers out of Keisha's pussy with a loud squelching sound.

"Get on your knees, slave."

Keisha pushed herself off the desk and collapsed, her legs unable to support her. She struggled to her knees and waited, trying not to whimper despite the burning pain of her bottom. "Open your mouth." When Keisha did, Lisa shoved her fingers in, covered with Keisha's fluids. "Clean them off." For the first time in her life Keisha tasted her vaginal fluids. She licked Lisa's fingers and cringed as the viscous juices slid down her throat, but she was glad they didn't taste bad. Lisa pulled her fingers out and then wiped them on Keisha's cheeks and hair. Then she pointed at a small puddle of fluid on the edge of the desk and a wet trail down the side. "What a juicy bitch you are, slave—look at the mess you made. Lick it up!"

Still on her knees, Keisha leaned forward and sucked and licked at the small pool on top of the desk, and then licked the moisture on the side all the way down to the floor. Lisa smiled as she watched the naked Black girl perform the degrading act without hesitation or protest, and reflected that things were going well.

"Wait there." Lisa went to a cabinet on the other side of the office, unlocked it, withdrew some items and returned to Keisha. She laid some things on the desk and then showed a leather collar with several D rings attached to it to Keisha. "You'll wear this collar at all times. It marks your status as a slave." As she said this, Lisa put the collar around Keisha's neck, fastened the buckle, and then secured the buckle with a tiny but sturdy padlock. Next she told Keisha to stand and when she did, Lisa fastened a leather belt around her waist. Like the collar, the belt had D rings attached on the sides and in the back. Lisa then placed leather cuffs around Keisha's wrists and secured the cuffs to the rings on each side of the belt. Keisha's heart began to race as she realized she wouldn't be able to use her hands for anything. Then it got much worse. Lisa attached a short leash to the collar, announced that it was time to go home, and with a tug on the leash moved toward the back door.

Keisha panicked as she realized she was about to be led outside into public on a leash like a dog while she was naked, and couldn't even use her hands to try to cover herself. She was terrified of being punished if she said anything, but she remained rooted to the floor. When Lisa realized that Keisha wasn't moving, she turned toward her, saw the stricken look on her face and said, "Don't worry, slave, I doubt if anyone is around. Now come on!" With that, she yanked hard on the leash and Keisha had no choice but to follow. 

Lisa stepped outside into the parking lot, saw that the only people around were at the far end of the lot and with another tug on the leash, started walking toward her car. Keisha stumbled forward through the door and into the parking lot, terrified that someone would see her. The sun was setting and the rapidly cooling air swirled around her body, causing her nipples to swell up even more. Then as she walked, her full breasts began to bob up and down and sway from side to side, like floats on a fisherman's line when he had hooked a fish. Keisha had been outside in a bathing suit, of course, so she was surprised at how different it felt to be completely naked outdoors. In addition to feeling terrified of being seen, Keisha realized she also felt aroused, and that realization stunned her. Was she an exhibitionist, she wondered?

They finally reached Lisa's car. She opened the door and Keisha got in awkwardly, since she couldn't use her hands, but she was glad to be out of public view. Lisa leaned across Keisha and fastened the seat belt. As she pulled back she caressed Keisha's right breast, and then cupped and squeezed it. "Such nice tits... I'm going to enjoy playing with them. Do you like having your tits sucked, slave?"

Knowing what was expected of her, Keisha quietly said, "Yes ma'am."

Lisa dropped her hand to Keisha's crotch and played with her thick, black bush of pubic hair. "I think I'll shave you, so your lips are always visible. Open your legs." Keisha spread her knees and sat helplessly as Lisa began to stroke her engorged labia. "You're wet! You really are a juicy bitch, aren't you, slave? If you make a mess on that seat, you'll have to lick it off when we get to my place." Knowing it would make Keisha wetter, Lisa pinched the hood over her clit and laughed when her body jerked in response and she cried out. As Lisa straightened up and closed the door, Keisha flushed as she felt more fluids drip out of her and pool beneath her bottom. 

Lisa got in, started the car and pulled out of the parking lot. As she did, Keisha realized that her public ordeal wasn't over yet. Anyone in a higher vehicle would be able to look in and see her. She slumped down in her seat and nobody noticed her until they stopped at a red light. As they had approached the intersection Lisa had noticed an SUV behind them, and she intentionally moved into the left lane as the light turned red. The SUV pulled up beside them in the right lane and stopped. Keisha glanced up and saw the woman driver look down at her at the same time. The woman did a comical and classic double take, then her eyes got wide and she stared at Keisha as Keisha tried to turn toward Lisa so the woman would mostly see just her back. Lisa happily took advantage of the situation by flicking Keisha's left nipple with her finger. Keisha yelled "OW!" and reflexively turned back to the right, causing her breasts to swing back and forth and giving the other driver quite a show. Finally, the light turned to green and they began to move.

Without further incident they arrived at Lisa's condo building and drove into the underground garage. After parking in her assigned space, which was some distance from the elevator Keisha noticed with trepidation, Lisa got out and came around to open Keisha's door. Opening it, she then reached in and unfastened the seatbelt, casually dragging her hand across Keisha's breasts as she stepped back and straightened up. She watched Keisha, unable to use her hands, struggle to get out of the car and taunted her. "Come on, slave—use those core muscles!" Keisha finally managed to get out and straightened up, only to have Lisa spin her around, facing the car. "Look at that mess on your seat—lick it up, you slut!" Embarrassed and disgusted with what she was being forced to do, Keisha bent down and began to lick at the pool of her fluids on the seat. In that position her bare bottom stuck out, and Lisa used the opportunity to stick two fingers in Keisha's pussy. Keisha let out a loud groan and her knees buckled as Lisa's fingers twisted inside her. It took everything she had to stay on her feet and focus on cleaning the seat. 

After a few moments she had slurped up all of the moisture she could, so without thinking she backed out of the car. Lisa didn't move, however, so Keisha just impaled herself deeper on Lisa's fingers. "Oh!...Ahhh...Ohgoddd!!", she moaned as her hips seemed to move of their own accord, grinding her wet tunnel on Lisa's fingers.

"So you like having my fingers in that cunt, don't you, slave?"

Keisha wanted to deny it, but her movements and moans belied her true feelings. "Oh...yesss...yes ma'am...ohh..." Keisha was still bent over and breathing hard through her mouth when Lisa pulled her fingers out with a loud, wet "plop" sound. 

"Like I said, you're a slut, bitch. Come on, let's get to my condo." With that, Lisa yanked on the leash, which was still attached to Keisha's collar, and started walking toward the elevator. With her juices running down her thighs, Keisha staggered after her, praying they wouldn't run into anyone. 

To Keisha's great relief, they got inside Lisa's home without anyone seeing them. Looking around, she was immediately struck by how large and open it was. It had a high ceiling throughout and exposed steel beams a couple of feet below the ceiling, as well as two large vertical steel poles from the floor to the ceiling. These were about 12 feet apart in the living room, which had large windows along two walls. Lisa said, "This building used to be a warehouse. When it was converted into residential space, they decided to create just eight large condos with open floor plans and large windows, to let in lots of light. Most of my neighbors are artists of some sort because they like having all the light."

Lisa unclipped the leash and released Keisha's hands from the belt, but left the wrist cuffs on. "There's a bathroom down the hall. Wash up, and then make us dinner. You'll find what you need in the refrigerator." 
