 This is the longest story I've ever written yet and it's dedicated to my fans. In particular, I would like to thank all those who took the time to write either private or public comments for my previous stories and send me emails. I would also like thank all of you who voted for my stories. I still can't believe it that my previous one - "Love me, Please" - did so well. You have all made the creative juices flow once more and for that I thank you. 

This is a romantic story about two females. It is a very long text and the sexy parts are there but they are not the main focal point of my story. If you are looking for a quick fix, please exit now, you have been warned. Also, another fair piece of warning: although all of this story is about a female on female relationship, there are two heterosexual scenes being described. If that is not your cup of tea, you can also exit now. 

You will notice that at the start of each chapter I mention the name of a key character. Throughout that chapter this character will share his unspoken thoughts with us. This is accomplished via texts in italics. 

I would like once more to express my gratitude and admiration for Literotica writer "SweetestThing" for taking the time to highlight erroneous approaches in my writing and to offer invaluable advice. Some of that advice actually managed to penetrate my thick skull and, I should only hope, helped create a better story this time. Harsh teachers offer the best lessons in life and that really shows that they care. 

Finally, as always, this story is dedicated to my wife who never ceases to inspire deep feelings within my heart. Without her constant encouragement I would never have finished this. 

Chapter 1 (Abigail) 

"Can anyone tell me what our field of study is? What is it that we do within the realm of international relations?" 

It was the start of yet another academic year. Abigail stood with her back to the wall, laser pointer in one hand, power point remote in the other. This was her second year as a lecturer and this was the first time that she would teach the introductory course in international relations theory. She wasn't really nervous; Abigail had that rare gift in public speaking where her speech would naturally flow from her mouth. It's just that a first time is always just that; a first time full of unknowns. And thus with the amphitheater filled with young students, Abi decided to turn the tables and ask the questions instead. 

Silence filled the room. "Anyone? I mean, consider. A doctor studies medicine? We study international relations, what are we?" 

"Masochists" came a voice from the upper benches and the class broke down in raucous laughter. 

"I should hope not. We are the doctors of the world, people. We diagnose problems between the key actors of the global system and we try to interpret and solve them. Now, what is the token with which the actors barter in this system? Anyone? What is the currency being used?" 

A ginger haired girl from the middle rows shyly raised her hand. "Yes miss...would you be so kind and give us your full name as well please?" 

"Emma Sorensen. It is power." 

"Very good Miss Sorensen! And could you give us a notion of what power means to you? What do you perceive as power?" 

"I would say that power is what enables an entity to force or cajole another into actions that it finds desirable." 

"Excellent! Full marks Miss Sorensen! People write this down, I couldn't have said it better myself." 

As Abigail looked towards her once more, Emma blushed and lowered her head. Then, as Emma raised her eyes Abigail felt a jolt of electricity coursing through her spine. Inexplicably she was lost in those gray-green misty pools of beauty just like a deer gets caught in a car's headlight. 

Ummm...Abigail...ABIGAIL!! You're staring at her! In front of a whole classroom! Oh but...she's...she's just so...so painfully beautiful! And why is my heart beating so fast? Why has my stomach twisted in knots? And um...hmmm...skin is starting to feel all hot! 

In the end, the low-key rumble of whispering going on awoke her from her trance. Regaining her composure she pushed on with her presentation. Now however, her lecture felt like breaking trail in deep snow. For some reason she had to mentally push herself not to stare towards the gray-green eyed distraction that had completely caught her off-guard. 

Thankfully, the bell came to everyone's relief and rescue. "Now remember people: we shall be examining excerpts from Thucydides' Peloponnesian War. I fully expect you to familiarize yourselves with his work. I am particularly interested in the Melian dialogues and I shall be asking you all at random next time. Your answers will be noted and may or may not count towards your final grade." The last sentence was greeted with audible groans and grumbles from her audience which made her inwardly smile; students were always going to be students no matter what. It hadn't been that long ago since she would have expressed exactly the same sentiments as this new crop. 

Then her eye caught the redhead from the middle row as she was making her way towards the exit and without really thinking... 

"Miss Sorensen...Could you please stay for a minute?" 

The green-eyed beauty turned and looked questioningly towards her as if asking a silent "me?" 

No,no,no,NO! This is a mistake Abigail! Why are you doing this? Why did you ask her to stay? You're just asking for trouble missy, that's what you're doing here. Well, now that she's coming towards you, I'd very much like to see how you're going to extricate yourself out of this mess. 

"Yes you...may I have a word please?" 

Emma exchanged a few quick words with her friend before making her way towards the center stage. As Abigail lifted her gaze from the lectern their eyes once more met, only this time the distance was much too close. Dangerously close, was the last conscious thought Abigail made before she lost herself once more. 

Emma blushed but didn't avert her gaze. Abigail stared into those eyes unable to move a limb. 

For Christ's sake Abigail! Get a friggin' grip...get a hold of yourself! 

But when those green eyes gazed at her, Abigail was at a complete loss for words. She was strikingly beautiful this girl. Ginger colored wavy hair framed her alabaster face; a cute dusting of freckles served to heighten her cheekbones and nose. A healthy set of pink-red lips completed the dazzling ensemble. 

A soft cough brought her back to reality. "You asked to see me ma'am." 

"Oh...errr...yes...yes indeed...and please do leave that ma'am stuff aside...it makes me feel so old." 

Emma flashed her a warm smile. 

Just great! A fantastic smile on top of everything else. Oh and genius level intellect apparently. What is it that they say? The brain is the biggest sex organ of them all? Abigaaaaaaaail...get a griiiiippp...this is SO wrong! She's your student! This can't be happening! And YOU missy are in a committed relationship! Well...one that may be going down the toilet but still... 

Abigail once again seemed lost in her thoughts. Emma's smile reappeared as she slightly coughed once more. "Are you alright Miss O'Donnell?" 

The dreaded and notorious blush that Abigail was capable of made its appearance on her face. Just perfect! She was going to turn into a beetroot in front of a student. Well, a very attractive student, but that was beside the point. 

"Oh...sorry...got carried away there. Yes, well...I'd like to say once more that your definition on power was stellar. Did you read that somewhere or did you just come up with it?" 

Better stay on safer ground Abigail, nice recovery by the way... 

"I ummmm...well...I sort of heard it from someone to be honest." 

"Someone meaning?" 

"I...uhhh..." 

"It's okay. You don't have to say it if you're not comfortable about it. In fact I must apologize: it was rude of me to inquire further." 

"No...it's fine. I guess I can tell you. My late grandfather was Ted Sorensen, I heard him quote this often." 

The cogs and wheels started turning inside Abigail's brain. "Wait a minute! You're the granddaughter of the THE Ted Sorensen? Special Advisor to JFK?" 

"Yeah...but I prefer to keep that information as low-key as possible...so..." 

"I understand...I totally do...but, just wow! Ted Sorensen! Just imagine the stories he could have shared with you" said Abigail, her eyes glazing. "Bay of Pigs, the Cuban Missile Crisis, he was in the midst of it all." 

"My grandpa had quite a few stories to tell...as a matter of fact he's the main reason I'm majoring in International Relations Theory...he offered me a view about the world which I didn't knew existed. So, I guess you'll have to thank him for that little snippet on power. It was more his wisdom than mine." 

"Well true, but still...it takes a certain amount of courage to stand out like that, not to mention a certain intellect in order to make use of information and place it where it's relevant." 

Emma bashfully lowered her head. "It's no big deal...really..." 

Abigail paused and an awkward silence fell between them. "I'd better be going" murmured Emma, starting to turn her back. 

"No wait..." 

Emma hesitated, apprehension showing on her facial features. Abigail gulped and a torrent of words gushed out of her mouth. "...the reason I stopped you...I mean...I'd like to extend an invitation. Since you appear to be such a bright student and...and you're majoring in International Relations, I'd like to offer my personal library at your disposal. Feel free to skip by my office anytime you want to check out a book. I may have a small collection but I do have quite a few seminal texts plus a decent collection of papers. I...I hope you can pass by sometime and have a look." 

...and the Oscar for best actress goes to...ABIGAIL O'DONNELL...ladies and gentlemen, a warm round of applause! 

Emma flashed her a warm smile and Abigail could feel her stomach doing triple Axels and toe loops. The signs were on the wall; she was starting to crush on a student! This was so wrong for a myriad of reasons. 

Before her mind could analyze things any further, Emma did something which caught her completely off-guard. Clasping her hand in both of hers she looked her in the eyes. Abigail started feeling that certain buzz one gets when happiness and excitement start to mix. She felt her heart beating faster and faster. There was a very strong pull between them, that much was evident to her paralyzed brain. 

Then, the door to the amphitheater burst open making both of them leap off their feet. Abigail audibly gasped as she tried to regain her composure. At the door was ancient looking professor Williams, the dean of Abigail's department. 

"Oh...I'm sorry. I hope I didn't interrupt anything." 

"No...we...I mean I was just discussing something with Miss Sorensen here...a...about class that is." 

"Oh yes, yes...certainly. I'll leave you two ladies to it. Oh and Abigail? Did you read that email I sent you about that paper review? Would you be so kind and read it...and then we can perhaps discuss it at lunch break?" 

"Yes sir, I'll be on it promptly." 

And with that the door swung shut. Both Abigail and Emma exhaled an audible sigh of relief. Realizing what had just happened made Abigail laugh. Her laugh was contagious and soon Emma's laugh joined hers in chorus. 

"Oh God...that felt good...I haven't laughed this much for some time. Thank you!" 

Emma smiled warmly towards her. "Well, I'd best be off. My...ummm...friend is waiting for me...I'd like to thank you for your kind invitation Miss O'Donnell..." 

Abigail raised her hand and before she could comprehend what she was saying: 

"Please, just call me Abigail." 

"Will do Miss...I mean...Abigail...Well...bye then..." 

"Bye..." 

They stood there looking into each other until finally Emma spun on her heels and left leaving Abigail alone with her thoughts. And Abigail decided there was a lot of thinking to be done here. Lots of questions to be asked. She wasn't sure she could find all the answers, nor was she sure she would like what she came up with. 

Chapter 2 (Emma) 

"Sooooo...how did your one-on-one session with the professor go? Is she willing to adopt you as the teacher's pet? Or will you have to grovel a bit more?" 

"Shut up Ana, it was nothing like that. She just remarked how much she liked my definition on power." 

"The way I saw her staring at you it seems to me she has other power trips in mind." 

Emma playfully swatted her friend on the back which earned her a jab in her sides in return. This went on for a bit until Anastasia escalated matters by making a grab for Emma's jean clad crotch which made Emma sit very still. "How about we take a power trip together?" whispered Ana seductively into the redhead's ear. "It's been a while you know...you up for it?" 

Anastasia and Emma weren't exactly an item together. They had been friends since junior high who also happened to enjoy a romp in the hay once in a while. The unspoken agreement between them was that while they were friends with benefits so to speak, either party was entitled to seek dates as they saw fit. Emma was the more likely of the two to seek other dates, be them male or female, but Anastasia was always there when she was in between them. All in all, it seemed like a cozy agreement, low in maintenance and drama. Provided of course both parties nursed the same agenda out of the arrangement. 

Emma's previous bizarre encounter with their gorgeous looking blonde professor had left her with a bit of an itch. Now that Anastasia so shamelessly offered she wasn't going to turn a blind eye to it. Sex was just like ice-cream; you never said no to ice-cream did you? 

"Soooooo...what shall it be?" said Ana in a whispery voice and a sly smile on her face. "Am I good enough for you?" 

Ana's warm hissing in her ear had her body revving up in no time. She could feel her skin break into goosebumps as her crotch started swelling against the fabric of her underwear. The girl certainly knew how to press all her buttons. With her green eyes already dimmed with scarcely disguisable lust, she turned to face her. 

"Where and when?" 

Anastasia gave her a victorious grin. "My place. Now if you want. There's no one in my dorm." 

Lightning flashed in Emma's eyes. They were no longer timid pools of green. Now they were like the frothing waves of an angry sea. Giving the cafeteria a brief scan, she pounced upon Anastasia nearly ramming her tongue down her mouth. 

You're going down with me girl! I'm going to fuck the bejesus out of you now! 

Anastasia smiled at that ferocious display of hornyness. "Easy...there...girl..." she said between kisses. "The dorm's only a five minute walk from here." 

"I don't think I can wait that long" came Emma's growling reply. 

By now Emma had shifted her weight and was practically leaning on Ana, her hands roaming forcefully over her clothed body. The cafeteria didn't have that many students milling about at that point but still, this was a public place. Emma made a quick decision: "Get up...bathroom...now!" she commanded. 

"But Em...there are classes still going on...someone might barge in on us!" 

"You should have thought of that before you stirred the dragon." 

Emma grabbed a laughing Ana by the hand as they stumbled out of the cafeteria and onwards towards the girls' restrooms. With an unceremonious barge on the door they crashed inside with Emma still forcefully holding her hand. A quick scan of the premises showed that the coast was clear. Emma nearly shoved a giggling Anastasia inside the last stall and slammed the door shut. 

Once there, the nearly ravenous redhead pounced upon her pray. Their lips locked once more as Ana's arms braced against the walls to better accommodate Emma's ferociousness. Emma positioned herself to Ana's side; one hand groped at the raven haired girl's ample tits while the other was busy undoing the buttons of her jeans. In the meantime, her legs had straddled Ana's thigh as she needily grinded away. 

The room was silent, save for a tap rhythmically dribbling on a basin and their heavy breathing. But that soon changed when Emma, wasting little time, sent her fingers downwards beneath the waistband of Anastasia's panties. The girl was waxed with only a thin landing strip of hair leading towards her pussy. Emma could feel moisture permeating the cotton fabric, a sure sign that the raven haired girl was into it as much as she was. A sharp hiss escaped her mouth when Emma parted her swollen lips and made contact with her protruding clit. 

Fuck yeah, you're so damned wet girl! I'm gonna make you cum so quick your head is going to spin right off. 

Emma didn't waste any time with subtle pleasantries; after dipping two fingers inside Anastasia's dripping slit, she proceeded to methodically rub the girl's clit to oblivion. Her free arm kept Ana's torso steady, while her thighs were nearly clamped on her leg. 

"Fu...fuuckk...what are you doing to me...Oh God! Here it comes..." 

With a strangled moan, Ana's body spasmed as if an earthquake had hit it. Tremor after tremor shook her body with pleasurable violence; Emma continued her ministrations, her fingers now gliding inside the folds of her pussy and avoiding contact with the now sensitive clit. 

After a full minute, Ana placed her hand on top of her panties forcing Emma's hand to still. "Please, no more..." 

Emma obliged and removed her glistening fingers making a point of licking them clean. "Well someone seems to be horny today...so, what can I do for you?" 

"Sit on the toilet and eat me." 

"Kay" said Ana with a sly smile. Pulling her jeans up, she sat down on the toilet seat and proceeded to undo the buttons of Emma's jeans. The girl wore a simple black thong which contrasted brilliantly with her milky white skin. Wisps of red hair could be seen protruding from the elastic sidebands; Ana knew that her friend kept her pubic hair natural. The rust colored pubes only served to enhance the whiteness of her skin and gave a fire-like look to her pussy. 

Pulling Emma's panties down she couldn't help but notice the silvery looking wet patch on the inside of the fabric. The girl must have been leaking the stuff for some time now, Ana reasoned. But that was the last thing she noticed before Emma hungrily shoved her pussy onto her mouth. Slightly bent backwards and with both hands gripping the back of Ana's head, she proceeded to grind away against her eager lips. 

Lap it all up bitch, just like that! Oh God yeah! Ohhh...Abigail...that feels so good! Wait, whaaaaa? Why is SHE in my head right now? 

Emma's orgasm wasn't very far off the corner. Grunting like a wounded animal she came onto Ana's mouth like a shuddering train. Anastasia continued the languid lapping with her tongue until Emma finally flinched backwards. She was a beautiful mess, this girl. Her flame-like hair was all over her place, her face was flustered and sweaty and she reeked of sex. 

"God I needed that..." mumbled Emma as she buckled up her pants. 

"You're welcome" Ana smiled back. 

Emma glanced awkwardly towards her like she always did after they had sex. It wasn't exactly guilt what she was feeling but it wasn't the most pleasurable feeling on earth either. 

"How about we crash together at my room some more...watch a Game of Thrones episode or something...I'll even order pizza if you want..." said a hopeful Ana. 

Uh-oh! Here we go again... 

"While that pizza thing you did there sounds mightily enticing I'll have to pass. Gotta go back...study some..." 
