 This follows on from the story 'Ambushed' in answer to a couple of requests to continue where it might head. The original has been slightly revised as well.

Emily had spent most of the night awake in a sense of amazement. When sleep did finally overcome her, there was far too little before her arm had to fumble from the sheet to kill the annoying buzzing. Totally oblivious to the racket, Kevin slept on. 

She didn't give him another glance as she threw a robe about her naked body and wearily staggered out to awaken their guest. There was no need. Suzanne's shower was running in the guest bathroom, the clothes already laid out suggesting she was travelling light casual. Emily padded back to her room and rummaged for her light brown shorts and sandals. As she held up coat hangers with her pale green T-shirt and a canary yellow one to decide between them, the musty fragrance of last night's dalliance wafted up the neckline of her robe from between her legs, catching her nostrils.

She couldn't help wishing she knew what Suzanne's immediate thoughts were after their glorious lovemaking last night as she showered in the en-suite. Twenty minutes later, she was beginning to pessimistically downgrade it to just a one night stand as she dressed and finished drying her long hair. She started feeling guilty about last night and a little disturbed at having made a fool of Kevin. Leaning over the bed and turning his unwilling face for a goodbye kiss, she recoiled in disgust when the odour of sour beer met her. 

Wheeling her clattering suitcase down the driveway to the impatient taxi driver beside the opened boot, she saw Suzanne was already clicking on her belt in the rear seat. As the surly cabbie clumsily arranged her trunk beside the battered orange one, she decided to opt for the front seat and nurse her growing shame. She began to dread how the next four days would go, and hoped the impulsive actions last night could be quickly forgotten all round. She decided that's what Suzanne was probably feeling and decided that her own behaviour from hereon should revert to purely business-like. 

Seatbelt on in the front of the taxi, Emily heard Suzanne click hers in the back. In stony silence right up until they entered the airport, she just stared blankly out her side. 

"In three hours, we'll be on Hamilton Island," she heard her gloom interrupted by Suzanne's nervous first words, a little excitement in the girl's voice. She sensed Suzanne leaning forward but she kept her stare out the side window as she replied. 

"I hope there's some time to sight-see." Her tone sounded flat and non-committal, but she felt better now that the ice was broken.

Emily's glance down confirmed that a sly unseen hand was slyly creeping through the space between her seat and the door and touching her leg. She dropped an unseen hand down and began secretly caressing along it with her thumb, still pretending to stare out. 

From the moment they alighted, a relaxed patter started up, continuing through a snatched breakfast at the airport. Soon they were on board strapping themselves in. By the time their in-flight coffees were being stirred, Emily too was like an excited schoolgirl going off to Hamilton Island on a holiday rather to work. Their surging enthusiasm spilled over to include the attractive young brunette in their aisle seat. Conversations with Annette revealed she was a flight attendant on leave heading to her favourite destination, one she had the chance to do often and on the cheap since she was in the industry. 

Stepping out of the plane at the other end, the trio amicably parted vowing to catch up as Beth walked across. Gazing outside to the uncharacteristically grey Hamilton Island skies, Emily knew that the news wouldn't be great.

"Overcast and drizzle today, showers tonight and cloudy tomorrow morning, then clearing," was Beth's glum summation as she strolled with the pair to the luggage carousel. "The dawn shoot on the beach tomorrow is definitely off, and we'll review this afternoon's outdoor session over coffee, shall we? Let's meet in half an hour and make alternative plans just in case. But tonight unless tomorrow's forecast improves, you can stay up and nightclub a bit or whatever knowing you can sleep in till 8ish."

The concept of getting out into some quick Queensland sunshine today had flown out the window. Trolleying their cases past the hotel entrance, Beth pointed out where to meet her for coffee in thirty minutes, then escorted them to the porch of their beachside cabana. 

"I'm in the main hotel in room 207 if you ever need to phone or call on me," she smiled. "Why don't you two unpack and unwind a bit for half an hour and I'll see you for that coffee and chat in thirty minutes? That's nine thirty by my watch." 

Emily gaped at the space inside their high-ceilinged cabana as soon as she entered. They were barely fifty metres from the shoreline of main beach, only a little further from the hotel, and so central to the rest of the island. You could walk to anywhere on it from here. 

"Your choice, left or right?" she called out to an equally wide-eyed Suzanne ahead of her, indicating the twin beds.

"My choice? OK. I noticed you slept on the right hand side of your bed at home. So I'll take the left," came the offhand reply as Suzanne wandered in to inspect the bathroom.

"Okay. We've got twenty five minutes. About last night  " Emily offered then paused, deciding now would be the best time to get the topic off their chests. Turning away from Suzanne, she swung the suitcase up onto her bed and started unzipping. As she took her halter neck top out, she decided to replace of her T-shirt immediately. She lifted the T-shirt bra and all over her head as Suzanne's guarded response came back.

"Are you feeling guilty?" she heard from the bathroom behind her. 

"No," she paused and thoughtfully replied. "Not now. Not as much as I should be, I guess. Why?"

"Because ..." she heard the strangely drawn out, unfinished answer.

Emily was just lifting the halter neck to drape it about her neck when her suitcase was yanked off her bed by a sudden arm from behind. Almost before it had hit the floor, she was spinning around trying to work out why a completely naked Suzanne was dropping to her knees before her.

"You heard Beth about unwinding. We've only got twenty-odd minutes though," came Suzanne's gleefully rushed words as Emily's shorts and panties both hit her ankles with one lusty pull. Unbelieving, her behind cheeks felt eager hands cupping them as the lovely face leaned in. Emily's mouth parted and a sigh escaped as a sensual nose tip began to trace inside the U shaped groove defining her lower abdomen. When the tongue tip dabbled into her navel, she let shock give way to apprehensive thrill. Her hands hovered uncertainly just above Suzanne's head for what seemed like minutes as teasing lips gradually kissed down her belly. A nervous giggle stopped when they started to pluck playfully at her well-trimmed curls. 

When the carnal tongue struck frog-like right onto its hidden target and pressed into it, both her palms landed on Suzanne's head as a tingling fog of lust started swirling about inside her belly, igniting the rapidly arousing sense of lust rising into her throat. 

"Still as delicious as last night, I bet!" she heard, looking down into the beautiful raised face. She could only stand there feeling her behind trembling in Suzanne's soft palms as the pressure from the earnest tongue swipes enabled it to penetrate and sample the salmony flesh within. 

The exquisite naked young woman before her slowly rose to her feet and eyed Emily hungrily. A gentle palm to her heaving chest made her squeal as she overbalanced back onto her elbows on the soft mattress, Suzanne's body falling too between her spread thighs. 

Frantic kissing began as soon as Suzanne body stacked on hers before the lips nibbled down her neck. Lusty kissing pressed Suzanne's face deeper and deeper into her left breast and she realised she could see it all unfolding in the side mirror. She had never seen women being intimate and was entranced by the sight as she gloried in the feeling of her whole breast tip being sucked in, released, then kissed all over before being enclosed once more. As her breast tip was again allowed to escape, her sensitive nipple area was gently chewed by Suzanne's bared teeth 

Emily let out an oh as Suzanne wriggled about and slipped further down. Instinctively she knew what the willing mouth was after. Propping up on her elbows, she looked down with half-closed eyes. Just over the furry horizon, she knew instantly when the unseen mouth had trapped her clitoris area between firm lips. She could see Suzanne's brow staying deceptively still as she felt the sensual tongue-lashing begin. The sexiest feeling kept rising in her mound, spreading through her belly and neck to her mind. Knowing she could watch herself being pleasure no longer, Emily hung her head back and as she felt her loins and mind explode in blessed mutual relief, she shrieked Suzanne's name at the top of her voice. As Emily's body stopped its frenzied jerking, she felt soft kisses on her inner thighs and crutch careful to avoid contact with her ultra sensitive bud.

She welcomed Suzanne when she crept back up her body and shared a quiet bout of tongue-kissing as the fierce tingling between her legs started to subside. She was about to coyly ask Suzanne to make her come again when the young woman sprang to her feet and raced from the room.

"Hell, we're ten minutes late for Beth!" she heard resound off the tiles as Suzanne sang out her explanation. Emily swallowed her wanton request. She heard Suzanne busily getting dressed. 

A dreamy nude Emily sat up and tried to summon the concentration to fetch her shorts off the bedside floor with five uncoordinated toes. A panicky Suzanne re-emerged, racing before the mirror to run a quick brush through her tousled hair. Calmly, Emily reached for the phone and laid it beside her. Suzanne's urgent eyes met hers in the mirror.

"Good idea. Tell Beth we'll be a little late," Emily heard between the hasty brush strokes. Emily tried to shake her head, a serene smile plastered all over her face. Tapping one digit, she cradled the phone to her ear as she tried to manoeuvre the tangled halter neck top about her bare chest. Suzanne had paused and was looking at her curiously. 

Emily could tell a puzzled Suzanne could just make out the voice answering. 

"Could we please have a king-size bed in Cabana 11 as soon as possible instead of the twin beds?" Emily heard herself calmly ask reception.

---

Five minutes later, she knew the after-kiss taste still lingering in her mouth was her own intimate taste as the slightly bedraggled pair sheepishly filed into the coffee shop where a patient Beth was waiting. All Emily was feeling was regret that there had been no time for a second turn, or for her to return the favour. 

Throughout the meeting, Emily found it hard to concentrate on what Beth was saying. Images of Suzanne's latest ambush kept randomly flashing back and her head was still floating in the clouds. The fantasy dancing in her head was lifting her head from the V of Suzanne's long, well-muscled legs tonight and looking across into the mirror. She wanted to see herself and enjoy Suzanne's expression as she slowly brought the model oh so close to an equally stunning climax. Her aim then would be to enjoying finishing her off with a long tongue jab deep into the beautiful hips, letting it linger within quietly tasting her essence long beyond the peak of an almighty orgasm.

Halfway into the meeting though, she started becoming paranoid about whether Beth had detected any lingering scent of their uninhibited sex about them. They had both only had time for a quick wash before their frenzied dash here. 

---

A half hour later after they had shared affectionate kisses in the shower together, some brief afternoon sunlight came though. A quick call from Beth saw the pair dash to Beth's room and grab the gear enabling the team to set up and take a few shots of Suzanne in casual gear just within the hotel grounds. When the gloom began to set in again after just a few, they moved their gear along to the almost empty but well-lit airport terminal for some indoor photos. Emily had easily slipped back into her competent assistant's role by now, and Suzanne was the aloof professional model personified, posing in some of the swimwear range she was brought to model. Emily caught a wink during some makeup changes when Beth was occupied, and smiled shyly back in response. 

But thick clouds meant they were standing around waiting to do more outside shots rather than actually shooting them. At five, a frustrated Beth called it off for the day and they packed the gear up. 

The two girls helped carry the camera and gear to Beth's room. All three clad in shorts and T-shirts, they grabbed Beth's umbrella and headed off together on a long shoreline walk. On their return, the two girls decided to try the steep path to the lookout while Beth opted for a book before a quiet dinner in her room and an early night. Even in the drizzly late afternoon, the Whitsunday Passage sea views were spectacular. Leaving some equally brave Japanese tourists to marvel at it, the young women decided to explore the island. 

On their way back under the silky basalt grey and pink sky just after dusk, Emily grabbed Suzanne's arm. From the shadowy roadside trees a herd of six deer warily appeared and crossed the road before them, enchanting both girls.

"Aren't they adorable?" Suzanne gushed as the animals came to within an arm's length as they ambled by. Emily openly took Suzanne's hand quite unabashed at whether someone else may be watching as they stood there completely still. 

They spent five minutes united marvelling as the sleek animals shuffled about them in the emerging dark, pausing individually to sniff the wind and look about before the small herd moved quietly on. 

---

That night, they rang out for dinner. As soon as they had hung up, Suzanne turned to Emily and suggested a bottle or two of wine. They agreed on two mutual favourite whites if the hotel stocked them and Suzanne raced out to get them.

"Put your robe on," were her parting words. "Let's stay in tonight rather than nightclubbing and catch a film or laze about." A randy Emily was hoping for more as she nodded her assent and lifted her T-shirt on her way to the wardrobe.

She couldn't help but smile when the door opened twenty minutes later and an arm with two paper-bagged bottles appeared just inside. 

"You were gone a while. Did you get both the ones we were after?" Emily laughed as she stood waiting in her robe watching the bottles being waved about.

"I could only get one, so I gambled on another that someone else suggested we might enjoy," came the mischievous answer from outside. "I want to see whether or not you're a connoisseur. You're going to blind-test them? I bet you can't tell which is your favourite and which isn't?"

"Bet I can," came Emily's bold assertion. She heard the two bottles clink as they were placed outside on the porch.

"I knew you'd say that!" Suzanne said swaggering into the room, tearing the packaging from a sleep blindfold she'd obviously also purchased. 

"Don't you peek now," a blind Emily heard Suzanne warn, adding as she returned to the door. "By the way, you won't be using anything as old fashioned as a wine glass. And be warned you'll need a nice kiss between the two tastings to clear your palate."

In the darkness an aroused but highly amused Emily heard the bottles clink, then the door being quietly closed. A huge smile commenced as she heard the sound of clothes dropping before her. Trembling in anticipation, she awaited Suzanne's approach, taking in an audible breath when a hand pulled her sash and eased the robe off her shoulders. The air on her body made her feel thrilled to be totally naked. She sensed what she hoped was another naked body closing in before her.

The tension breaker was two breasts peaks softly touching her own. She could tell how excited Suzanne was by the unexpected size of the nipple tips being dragged to and fro across her sensitive aureoles. She stayed stock still in her darkness. When two guiding hands arrived at her cheeks, she already knew where her mouth was heading to and parted her lips.

Tongue out, she gratefully licked the first sample of wine from all about the stiffened teat, then took her time lapping at the finger like projection. Adoringly, she enclosed it with a willing mouth and suckled away gently.

Soft hands eased her reluctant head away and up for what evolved into a giddying but brief kiss before the skin just touching hers backed away. On the body's return, she let her eager lips be guided to the other equally thrilled gland. This time she ended her tasting by catching the rigid flesh between her teeth and affectionately raking it as she slowly detached.

"The second one is the Bin ..." Emily began chortling as she straightened up, triumphantly lifting her mask. 

"You remember Annette?" she could only vaguely hear as she stood absolutely flabbergasted. A mischievous nude Suzanne was there, but there was a naked brunette between them. Suzanne paused to kiss into the right shoulder of their travelling companion. Emily recognised her from the plane and realised that was her saliva all about the girl's still proudly erect glands. 

"She was so helpful about the choice of wine," Suzanne shrugged as she moved around to Annette's side. "So I asked her if she'd like to come around and play. When you stop gaping, do say hello Emily. I have a coin, Annette."

A stunned Emily watched as silver suddenly spin from Suzanne's right hand into the air. As she watched, she heard Suzanne call: "Heads, you get to end up between her legs, Annette. Tails I do."

"It's a head," Annette's excited voice announced, stooping to look at the coin face on the carpet then almost ogling the downy triangle trying to vanish behind Emily's hand.

The next half an hour was just a blur to Emily. Each girl took one arm and she was passively led to the double bed. She just surrendered herself in the time that followed, closing her eyes and feeling her body being stroked, massaged, rolled over and arranged by the four hands. The two experienced girls worked as a pair, taking their time at exploring the entire length of her body. She got to the stage where she couldn't guess and didn't care whose tongue was dancing with hers and whose hands were succeeding at exciting her sensitive breasts. 

Towards the end, she was guided up on to all fours, one girl at the front rubbing her neck and shoulders and the other's tongue intent on licking all over her behind, stopping only when a daring tongue found her puckered hole too sensitive to tease. They changed over and someone began kissing deep and long into the back of her slender neck making it tingle. The sensations swirled into her mind to meet with those from between her legs where two fingers from the girl face up under her crutch were working her G-spot. She allowed herself to be lain down and spread Christ-like, one girl intent on kissing her face, neck and breasts while the other, Annette she guessed, was lovingly fingering her. She started moaning as soon as it was accompanied by the mouthing, licking and expert sucking away at the small beckoning lump over her slick entrance. 

The next hour became a constant blur of orgasms administered by both her lovers. Apart from returning kisses and wrapping her long legs about whoever was inducing her current climax, an ecstatic Emily had stayed the grateful passive recipient throughout. 


After one last intense climax she lifted the mask as she felt Annette roll away from her sex, laying herself out flat and looking up in askance up at Suzanne standing bedside beside her. They were intent on trying something between themselves.
