 "It's that toad, Justus." Charisma said. "He has a large harem with nothing to do all day but make toys. Maybe they're of lesser quality than mine, but he has a wider selection on any given day." She sighed. "I just can't compete, Teresa."

"Any ideas why he suddenly moved to this side of town?"

Charisma rolled her sky blue eyes and grimaced. "He wasn't exactly up front about it, but he came by shortly after he opened and hinted that he'd be more than willing to let me work for him if I found myself needing 'help.'"

"And I suppose it doesn't hurt that the holidays are coming," Teresa said, wryly. Her forehead wrinkled and she shook her head. "So, what are you going to do now?" 

"I don't know, Teresa. I don't know." Charisma sighed again and looked around at the bare walls and empty tables. "This shop was my dream."

Teresa patted her hand. "You could always join Rolf and me." She paused and licked her pouty pink lips. "We'd be delighted to have you."

"Thank you for the offer, my friend, but I've always chosen my lovers, and I don't relish changing that." Charisma flipped her dark curls behind her shoulder and smiled. "It's not you; it's your relationship with Rolf...it's all his relationships. They're always one-sided. He gets to decided who, when, and what unless he allows you to choose." 

She put her hand up, palm forward. "Not that I'm judging! I just—I hope you understand. And I won't put myself there."

Teresa nodded, but her lower lip puffed out in disappointment. "I can't blame you, but remember that the offer stands indefinitely." 

She stood and adjusted her bodice slightly lower over her large breasts until the edge of her dark nipples showed. 

"I wish I had more time to try to change your mind," she continued, "but I'll have to take my special order and get back. If I'm late for our 'appointment,' Rolf will take all day punishing me. As delicious as that thought is, I do get tired of never being in charge...and I really wanted to try my new toy today."

Charisma's husky laughter filled the room as she crossed to the back of the store and grabbed the lone, plainly wrapped package on her workbench. She handed it to Teresa then let her hand drop to the tops of Teresa's breasts. 

"If you ever decide to amend that offer to you alone, let me know," she said, caressing the satiny skin under her hand. "I'd take you up on it in a minute."

Teresa shivered and leaned in to press a kiss to Charisma's full, red lips. "I'll keep that in mind." 

Charisma watched the sway of Teresa's hips as she left the store. She loved a nice thick cock between her legs most days, but something about Teresa's plump, round ass really got her juices going.

She turned back to her workbench, forcing from her mind lusty images of her limbs entwined with Teresa's. She had work to do and it wouldn't help to have her mind on other things.

The scarcity of materials on the tabletop before her brought a frown to her lips. They were good materials, but business had been slow and she'd been forced to undersell most of her goods. And this was all that was left of her profits.

"Enough raw materials to make one final, quality product," she whispered to the air. "My last toy."

She probably wouldn't be able to stay open till the holiday season was in full swing. Perhaps if she'd had enough to go on till then she might have made enough to avoid closing shop, but she'd be lucky if she could buy another group of materials with the proceeds from this sale. Maybe she could squeak through until sales picked up, but she didn't hold out much hope.

Many minutes passed in empty wishes before she realized she was still staring at the workbench. It was no good to try working now. Her usual joy in the task had gone. 

"Might as well turn in and get a start on it in the morning. Perhaps I'll feel better then." She shrugged her shoulders, heaving a long sigh. Waiting wouldn't make it any easier, but at least she could pretend things were okay for one more night.

 ***** ***** *****