 Karen Mathews was 32 years old and found herself sitting alone in her apartment feeling lonely and depressed. Her boyfriend of 2 years had just informed her he was dating someone else.  Karen sat and replayed their last conversation over in her head.

“I’m sorry Karen. You are a very nice person but you are just not exciting. I need someone like Cynthia. She makes me feel like a man,” Karen heard her ex-boyfriend say.

“But I thought we had been so happy,” Karen pleaded.

“It has been okay but it is just not enough for me. I’m sorry but I have to go,” Tom said and picked up the last of his things. She sat and cried as he walked out the door to never return.

Karen was not ugly, in fact she was quite pretty, and she was told she had a good personality. However, this was the fourth time she had broken up with a man after thinking the relationship would lead to marriage. Now here she was again alone.

Karen looked at herself in the mirror. Her body was okay, her 36 c chest looked good and her breasts did not sag. Her hips were nice and her butt firm. She had a pretty face and usually her brown shoulder length hair was nicely styled.

“What’s wrong with me?” Karen signed. As she stood there she began to get angry. Karen had always attempted to do what was right. She always tried to be a good person and was always nice to everyone.

“Maybe I should change some things,” Karen thought. Karen had always been very conservative. Her wardrobe reflected this. However, she felt even though she was not into weird sex she was sensuous and exciting in bed.  Obviously her boyfriends had a different opinion.

“I think I will just try something new,” Karen said to herself not knowing what else to do. She went to her closet and looked through her clothes. She found an old skirt that was too small stopping just above her knees. She then added a silk blouse that fit tight to her chest. She put these on but without any underwear, just to see what the effect would be.

As she viewed herself in her floor length mirror she was surprised at the transformation. This cute conservative woman now looked like a hooker. Karen could not believe how her body was reacting to this new look. She felt her now hardening nipples poking through the soft cool silk fabric. The silk felt very sensual rubbing against her nipples. The skirt mostly covered her long legs but when she sat down she was startled at what she could see. The folds of her vagina were plainly visible as she crossed her legs. She left her legs spread for a moment and could not believe how the view of her own vagina was stimulating her. 

“Now this is different from the old Karen,” she thought to herself and laughed out loud. 

Karen was surprised as she felt an excitement growing inside her. This was very much unlike her previous sexual experiences. 

“I can’t believe this is turning me on,” she thought as she continued to look at her body as she exposed herself in the mirror.

Her finger reached and gently tweaked her left nipple. An electric chill ran through her body.

“Mmm, that felt good,” she gasped again surprised at her reaction.

“I wonder what it would feel like if I let others see me dressed like this. I wonder if I could actually do such a thing,” Karen thought as the possibility of going out into public dressed like this popped into her consciousness. The thought sent another ripple of stimulation down her spine.

“My, that feels good,” she gasped as she allowed her hand to slip down the contour of her body. She rubbed her butt cheeks and felt the firm flesh of her ass.

“Being a little whorish is turning me on,” Karen thought as she allowed her hand to move under the skirt. She found her vagina already moist. Karen could not believe what she was doing as she sank down on the floor in front of the mirror with her legs spread revealing her pantiless pussy reflected in the mirror.

“Oh my God, I must be going nuts,” Karen thought as she looked at her own pussy’s reflection in the mirror. The more she looked the more she liked what she saw.

Karen watched the reflection as her hand rubbed her slit. As her fingers found her clitoris she jerked as if an electric jolt had been applied.

“What am I doing?” she exclaimed but could not stop her fingers from massaging the tiny button that was giving her so much pleasure. Karen could not remember the last time she had masturbated but it had never felt like this.

“Ahhh!” she gasped as a wave of orgasmic pleasure swept through her body. It was just too much for her. She had never had an orgasm like this even with the most skillful partner. Karen was in heaven as she slumped down on the floor and hunched her hand. The waves of pleasure poured through her body and she simply collapsed lying still where she lay.

It was several minutes later before Karen came back to herself.

“My God, I have never felt like that,” she whispered to herself. As she raise up she saw her obscene reflection in the mirror and although a part of her was repulsed at the graphic display, she could not deny how much she liked what she was seeing. The short skirt was pulled up to her hips and her small patch of neatly trimmed pubic hair was wet with her own cum. She could see her pussy lips glisten with her own self induced nectar. Karen licked her lips as she got to her feet.

“I have to have more of those feelings,” Karen declared to herself. 

“No man has ever made me feel like that before.”

Karen took a long hot shower and thought about her experience. She had masturbated in the past but it was always an empty sort of experience. This time the feeling of her own self stimulation was fantastic.  The only difference she could see was her attitude resulting from dressing in such slutty manner. The more she thought about this the more surprised she was at her reaction. But she also felt trepidation over what it too to make her feel this good. As she got out of the shower and dried off she put the short skirt back on again without panties. She looked at herself in the mirror and could not believe how much she liked what she saw. She was naked above the waist and as she pulled up the skirt to reveal her pussy she felt another wave of intense excitement flow through her body.

“What if a stranger was seeing me?” she suddenly thought. She could not believe she would even think such a thought. A wave of disgust struck her but at the same time her body shuttered with a new found sexuality she did not know she existed within her.


“I have to know how this would make me feel and there is only one way. I have to do it,” she said committing herself to experimentation in exhibitionism.

The next day was Saturday and Karen decided to do an experiment. She looked through her closet and found several blouses.  One blouse was a gift she had only worn once. She did not like the way it fit on her and wore it with a sweater covering the flimsy material. She would have never considered wearing the blouse without a bra. Today was different. Karen tried on the blouse looking to see how her perky nipples would show through the material.  She liked what she saw and decided other people would like what she was going to show them.

She found a gray skirt fitting just above the knee. The skirt could easily be tossed in such a way as to give someone a view of what was underneath. Karen pranced around looking at herself in the mirror and with just the right swing a good portion of her ass could be seen.

“I guess it’s time,” Karen decided feeling thrill of passion shoot through her. She decided to travel to the next city which was about a 2 hour drive. There she would unlikely see anyone she knew. She chose a nice mall and as she parked she was becoming quite excited.

She walked in the large doors and surveyed the area. She strode around for a while noticing a few guys staring at her chest as she went by them. She grinned a sexy little grin and felt all kinds of new feelings surging through her body. She could feel the dampness forming between her knees.

Karen went into a dress shop and was browsing. She bent over a few times but did not think anything of it since there were only women in the store. However, as she turned she noticed a young female sales clerk smiling at her. 

“Can I help you?” the clerk asked. 

“No, I am just looking,” Karen replied.

“I just love your skirt,” the girl said and smiled.

Karen had not considered the idea that other females might enjoy looking at her and this caught her off guard.

“Oh, thanks you,” she said a blushed a bright pink glow.

“You have a very nice ass,” the girl said as she walked off.

Karen quickly left the store. She had not been prepared for the young girl’s reaction. Karen had not been around much and had always been very conservative in regards to sex. It was new to her to have other women attracted to her body but as she thought about she liked the idea.

Karen sat down on one of the benches in the middle of the mall and watched the people. She noticed as older gentlemen attempting to hide his gaze but she knew he was checking her out. 

What Karen did not know was someone else had noticed her. Jackie had been walking through the mall watching people when she saw Karen. Something about the way Karen was walking enticed her so she began to follow her. When Karen sat down Jackie caught a glimpse of the flesh under her skirt. She quickly decided Karen was someone worth watching.

“Okay, here goes,” she thought and looking in a different direction allowed her legs to spread a little given the man a nice shot up her skirt. She did not know she was also giving Jackie a show too.

She glanced back at him and even though he quickly adverted his gaze she noticed he had a smile on his face. Karen toyed with him for a while feeling rather excited at exposing herself to him. She did not even noticed when a woman sat down next to her.

Jackie had been watching Karen for several minutes. She had a good view and could see that Karen was purposely exposing herself to the man sitting directly across from her. Jackie decided to make her move.

“You are giving quite a show,” Jackie whispered to Karen.

“What?” Karen asked startled that anyone else had noticed her.

“Oh, I love the view. I just wanted let you know how much I love your long legs and sexy thighs,” Jackie said licking her lips.

“You know I bet I could make someone like you feel very very good,” Jackie whispered in a sexy voice.

Karen saw that the women sitting next to her looked to be a little older than her but had a very nice body and a very pretty face.

As Karen was checking her out the woman said, “Do you like what you see?”

“Oh, I did not mean anything,” Karen said embarrassed.

“You are quite welcome to see anything you want. I’m Jackie.”

Karen just looked at the woman blushing.

“It’s okay, really,” Jackie said in response to Karen’s obvious anxiety.

“I would love to show you whatever you wanted to see but not in such a public place. I sometimes come here and give the guys and gals a show just like you were doing.”

“I don’t know what you mean,” Karen replied feeling embarrassed that this woman knew exactly what she was doing here.

“Now don’t play coy with me. I have been watching you for sometimes. I got quite a nice view of your snatch as you crossed your legs. It sent chills up my spine,” Jackie explained and gave Karen a warm smile.

“Don’t tell me you don’t like to play with other women.”

“I’m not a lesbian.”

“I’m not either. I just like a change of pace now and then. If you have never been with another woman you don’t know what you are missing,” Jackie said and lightly touched Karen on the shoulder.  Karen felt a jolt flow from Jackie’s fingers as they lightly rubbed her shoulder.

“See what I mean,” Jackie said noticing her new friend’s reaction to her touch.

“Just think of what it would feel like to be touched in other more sensitive areas,” Jackie said looking down between Karen’s legs.

“Oh my, I have never thought of such,” Karen replied. However, Karen was now thinking of such things wondering how it would be to have another woman touch her with feminine insight and sensuality.

“But now you have thought about it, haven’t you?” Jackie said and smiled a sly grin.

Karen was getting caught up in the moment and did not know what to do or say.

“Why don’t we go for a little walk and have a little talk?” Jackie asked giving a little purr as she said it.

“I don’t know,” Karen stuttered.

“We would be right here in the mall and you could always walk away from me at anytime,” Jackie said in a convincing tone.

“Well okay, I guess I can walk a little bit with you,” Karen answered feeling intrigued and excited by the prospect of strolling with this attractive woman.

They got up and walked down the mall.

“Now see that young thing. She does not have on any panties either.”

Karen looked to see a teenage girl with very tight pants. There was no panty line and Karen knew that Jackie was correct.

“Of course she does not have on a skirt,” Jackie added referring to Karen’s bare bottom underneath her skirt.

They walked for a while and Jackie said, “Let’s go in here.”

Karen followed Jackie into lingerie shop.

“Here is a very sexy nightgown. Come with me and I will try it on,” Jackie said and smiled.

Karen was not sure of what she should do but said, “Okay.” She followed Jackie into one of the private dressing room.

She watched as Jackie quickly slipped off her blouse revealing a very sex bra that barely managed to cover her breasts. Before Karen knew it Jackie slipped her breasts out of the bra exposing them to her.

“Do you like these?” she asked.

“Yes,” Karen replied embarrassed but strangely excited by the other woman’s firm breasts and her now erect nipples. Karen had never really looked closely at another woman’s naked body but now with Jackie inviting her to look she was again experiencing new previously unknown sensations. She could not believe how excited she was becoming by Jackie’s breasts.

“Give them a little kiss,” Jackie requested.

“I don’t know if I should,” Karen replied as she came out of her trance created by the sight of Jackie’s exposed breasts.

“Go ahead, I won’t tell.”

Karen could not believe it as she slowly leaned forward and gently kissed Jackie’s nipple.

“Oh, that feels so good. Wouldn’t you like for me to kiss you?” Jackie responded. Before Karen knew it Jackie gave her a quick kiss allowing her tongue to caress lips ever so slightly.

Karen did not know what to think. She was being overwhelmed by the many thoughts and sensation flowing through her body. She could feel a burning wetness between her legs and her legs felt weak.

“You liked that didn’t you?” Jackie commented.

“I don’t know,” Karen replied feeling things were going much too fast. She was having difficulties processing everything that was transpiring. It seemed as though some primitive part of her mind was taking control demanding satisfaction. 

Jackie sat down on the dressing bench and looked at Karen. Karen simply stood there wondering what Jackie was going to do next.

Jackie reached forward and lifted Karen’s skirt. She was looking directly Karen’s naked pussy.

“You have a lovely little kitty,” Jackie said.

Karen did not answer paralyzed by what was transpiring. Here she was in a shop at the mall allowing a strange woman to gaze between her legs. And what was more amazing was how much she was enjoying it. She did not remember ever being this turned on. Her body was buzzing with excitement and she could not control it.

“I want to taste it,” Jackie said slipping down to the floor and kneeling between Karen’s leg. She leaned forward and grasped Sally buttocks. She pulled Sally closer to her and kissed her in just the right place.

“Ohhh!” Karen moaned. Karen was not prepared for how Jackie’s lips felt as they kissed her pussy.  She could not believe the passion that erupted as Jackie’s tongue licked her clit. Karen’s knees buckled and she almost fell.

“You are a sweet one girl and so fucking hot,” Jackie said allowing Karen’s dress back down.

“I don’t think I like this nightgown, let’s go somewhere else and see what we find,” Jackie said pushing her breasts back into her bra and slipping back on her blouse. She took Karen’s hand and led her out of the shop.

Karen was still feeling the intensity of Jackie’s most intimate kiss and had to lean on Jackie to steady her legs. She was easily led back out into the mall.

“Why don’t we go for a drive?” Jackie asked as they neared the mall’s exit.

“I don’t know if I should,” Karen whimpered knowing she was beyond control.

“Oh, you want to, I can tell.”

Karen did not seem to have a will of her own at this point and simply allowed Jackie to lead her outside. They walked across the parking lot to Jackie’s car and Jackie helped her into the seat. Jackie reached over Karen to put on the seat beat. As she did so she gave Karen’s nipple and good hard squeeze.

“Ohhh!” Karen moaned as her hard nipple responded to Jackie’s touch.

Jackie sat in the driver’s seat and started the engine.

“Don’t worry, I will bring you back safe and sound,” Jackie said now in complete control.

Jackie reached over and pulled up Karen skirt. 

“Hold this so I can see you kitty,” Jackie said. Karen sat there holding her dress up so that her pussy was visible to her new friend.

They drove for about fifteen minutes and pulled into an apartment complex’s parking garage and got out. Jackie lead Karen into a very nicely decorated apartment and before Karen knew what was happening Jackie was kissing her. Karen briefly resisted Jackie’s tongue but then allowed it to slip between her lips and embrace her own tongue. Karen had never felt such passion. She was totally at Jackie’s mercy.

“Come over here,” Jackie commanded. She took Karen into her living room and as she led her she unbuttoned Karen’s blouse. It dropped to the floor exposing Karen’s naked breasts.

“Oh you beautiful creature!” Jackie exclaimed as she fondled Karen’s breasts. With the other hand she undid the clasp on the skirt and it too fell to floor. This left Karen naked except for her shoes.

“Stand there and let me look,” Jackie said. Before Karen could respond a flash went off.

“What are you doing?” Karen cried as several more flashes lit the room.

“I’m just taking a few pictures of you,” Jackie replied continuing to click away with her digital camera.

“No, please, I don’t want any pictures of me like this,” Karen begged.

“But I do. I am in charge here and there is little you can do about it,” Jackie explained in a mater of fact sort of way.

“Now come over here and don’t give me any more lip.”

Karen did as instructed and walk to where Jackie now sat on the couch.

“Dance for me you little slut,” Jackie said and reached out and stroked Karen’s pussy.

“Oh,” Karen groaned still very much excited by everything that was happening. Now that Jackie was ordering her, the intensity of Karen’s emotions only increased. Karen felt as if her body was glowing. She began to slowly dance for Jackie as Jackie took more pictures.

Karen was dimly aware that Jackie had undressed and was now sitting nude on the couch.

“Come here and kneel down before me, my pretty little bitch,” Jackie ordered.

Karen did as commanded and knelt down between Jackie’s open legs. She could see moisture glistening on Jackie’s pussy lips.

“You want some of this,” Jackie said and pulled her pussy lips apart.

“Yes please,” Karen said and was in a world she had never known existed. Every part of her being was now in state of full excitement. She could think of nothing other than satisfying the urges that were erupting throughout her body.

Karen leaned forward and began to lick Jackie’s juices from her pussy lips. Karen had never done such a thing before but found the taste sweet and hot. Each lick of Jackie’s pussy sent ripples of desire down Karen’s spine. Karen’s clit poked out demanding attention.
