 A good roommate is terribly hard to come by. I had been searching for what seemed like years. In truth it was actually only a few months, but still too long to have to swing rent on a two bedroom condo by ones self. Then we just happened to meet by accident while both of us were looking at the Homes for rent sign in front of the administration center where I work. 

I am a little shy it was actually Kelly (that is her name) that sparked the conversation. I had no idea another woman’s voice could sound so sexy; my reaction to her scared me half to death. I remember intentionally trying not to stare at her, while playing with the hem of my blouse. She was actually taller then me, no small feat, as I am 5'9 and she conveyed a natural aura of sensuality I have never been exposed too before. Such desires had never stirred within me for anyone but men before. I was instantly ashamed and confused by her the minute we met.

Kelly however did not bat one golden eyelash at my timid behavior and she told me how apartment hunting was driving her crazy. I couldn't stop my mouth as the words tumbled out, I told her about my condo and how my last roommate had gotten married and moved out three months ago. A smile lit her face, her golden green eyes meeting my olive drab orbs, mesmerizing me. I could hear the merriment dance in her tone as she spoke. "Then we have found each other, how much is my half the rent?"

She asked me as if it was already decided and in an instant I knew that it was. $450 I stammered, blushing of all things. I think Kelly pretended not to notice the heat in my cheeks. Then it was settled we would be roommates, and at that moment I realized I didn't even know her last name. 

All that came in short order as we made up a written agreement over the lunch the next day.

When I went to meet Kelly for lunch, I was overwhelmed by a strange need, one to look my best for her. Now let me put a little perspective down here. I am 5'9 with a few extra pounds, the kind that make someone my height very curvy. However I am not the current trend for women as emaciated dolls with giant fake breasts. All about my curves are real including my 38Ds. Then there is Kelly all toned tight muscles and exquisite fashion sense. In comparison to the almost model caliber beauty of my new roommate we were like night and day.

So incensed by this need to make myself attractive, I wore my best outfit and even put on a little makeup. I was confident until I saw here waiting at the table smiling at me expectantly. I felt suddenly flush and awkward, exactly as if a cute guy had just complimented me. She waved me over, "Shauna, you look so nice today. Special plans?" 

"Uh, yes," I lied, "I have an interview for a possible part time job later." I was so shocked she noticed. Such conflict within me at these feelings she was inspiring in me. I could feel my nipples tightening against the thin satin fabric of my bra. My embarrassment was so evident in my now rosy complexion, yet Kelly made no mention of it and soon we were talking over the agreement. 

We each had a few drinks with lunch and were soon chatting away like old friends and my nervousness vanished. Yet the tumultuous emotions of sharing Kelly's company were unrelenting. At a few points during the course of the day, she was so close to me our hands brushed, each contact sending electricity through me. Shame and budding lusts making me light headed. I forgot all about my "interview", as we spent the rest of the day together.

The next few weeks flew by as she moved in and made herself at home in the condo. We learned a lot about each other. I found out she is a fabulous cook and loves to do it. She discovered my favorite hobby; painting. Kelly's taste in fashion did not stop at her clothes as her furniture was equally as well chosen and beautiful. The condo was transformed by her presence. 

Those weeks drove me nearly to distraction, her proximity an intoxicant. I found myself daydreaming about her at work, imagining her kissing me or touching me, I would redden just fantasizing. At one point one of my coworkers asked if I was feverish, at that Janice, a fellow admin, piped in "I think she has a crush on someone" I laughed it off saying it was nothing really, again I was lying. 

Weeks became months and I managed to get over the embarrassment of these fantasies. I tried to tell myself it was perfectly natural for anyone to be attracted to someone like Kelly. However the lust within me became stronger and I found myself masturbating more often. With each caress of my fingertip I paint a more vivid picture of my sensual roommate upon my flesh; pushing me over the edge. 

Then one night, she caught me. 

To be continued...