 I stepped off the plane, looking for the red hair and snapping blue eyes I'd only seen in photographs. Behind me, soft white arms wrapped around me and a voice in my ear whispered "I'm so glad you're here". I turned around, uttered a cry of joy at finally seeing Julia in person, and promptly wrapped my own arms around her. She kissed my cheek and disengaged the hug. "We're going to have so much fun!" 

"We better. If we sit around for a week, I'm going to have to tell all our friends that you're utterly boring." 

"Never!" Julia slid her arm through mine and we wandered toward the baggage claim area to pick up my luggage. I hadn't brought much, since I knew I'd only be there for a week, and I knew that Julia wore my size in clothes, so I'd be set if I ran out of stuff to wear. After my one suitcase came off the carousel, we walked through the garage and settled into her old, well kept car. 

"It's only twenty minutes home if I take you the long way. Want to see the sights?" 

"Sure!" I replied. I just couldn't believe I was with Julia in person. We'd been chatting online for more than a year, and this trip had been planned for months. We'd always flirted. She'd ask in chatrooms who was the sexiest lady in the world, and I'd always announce that it was her. Julia really was sexy in person, too, I discovered after I'd had a chance to get a good look at her as she drove me to her apartment. Long, curly red hair, big blue eyes, and a voluptuous figure were Julia's good points. I couldn't find any bad points. She was perfect. Maybe things would work out as I'd planned. And hoped. And wished. In her apartment, Julia had me set my suitcase next to her bed.

"You said you wouldn't mind sleeping with me. My couch is being reupholstered, and it's either the floor or my bed." 

"It's fine. I'm a coverhog, though!" I was a little nervous.

"No worries, babes. I've got plenty of extra covers." I noticed the video camera on the dresser. Maybe Julia had been planning for the same events as I was.

"Julia, do you mind if I take a shower? I've been sitting on a plane or in an airport all day." Julia nodded, and grabbed a towel from the shelf.

"It's right through that door, hon. You can use my shampoo and soap." I grinned at her and headed into the bathroom. I stripped down and hung the towel on the hook. I set the temperature of the water to a little warmer than usual, to help myself wake up from the long day on the plane. As I shampooed my hair (her shampoo smelled wonderful!) I felt a rush of cold air as the curtain opened. Julia stepped into the tub, naked, with me. I was still nervous.

"Hi. I thought you might need some help."

Ok. I am perfectly qualified in the use of indoor plumbing. But I'll take an opening when I can get one.

"Well, you can wash my back." Julia gently turned me away from the shower head and stepped into the direct spray of the water. I heard her squirt a dollop of body gel into her hand, and almost immediately felt two firm hands rubbing soap all over my back. She was very thorough, sliding her hands down my sides, brushing the sides of my breasts as she made sure I was completely clean. Her hands traced over my ass. I knew this wasn't innocent. Friends don't just join friends in the shower without ulterior motives, do they? I pushed my ass toward her, and she laughed softly. 

"Very nice", she whispered. I was pretty sick of staring at the wall. I turned, and grabbed her hands, getting my first eyeful of her beautiful body. Her breasts were full and her large nipples were upturned. At least a C cup. Her waist was slim, and her hips were full. She had no pubic hair at all, and I was able to see her labia, puffy and red. I moved Julia's hands to my own breasts. She dispensed with the pretense of needing soap, and flicked both thumbs across my nipples, simultaneously. I gasped as the shock traveled through my body. I almost slipped in the tub. Perhaps dryer environs were a better idea. I leaned forward, kissed Julia softly on the lips, and stepped out of the bathtub. 

"Let's continue this somewhere a little less dangerous." She nodded, and stepped out of the bathtub herself. I wiped her down with my towel, and dried myself as well. Still naked, we walked back to the bedroom. I flopped down on the bed and Julia flopped down next to me. 

"Now what?" I asked.

"Oh, Allison. I think we'll figure it out." Julia cuddled close to me, kissing my neck and shoulders. I pulled her up to kiss my lips. Her mouth was hot and wet and soft and perfect on mine. Her skin was soft and silky next to my own, too. I released her mouth, and she moved down my body, her wet hair leaving trails of wetness down my torso. I felt her tongue touch my clitoris and I nearly jumped off the bed. It was a little direct. Julia slid off of me and went over to the dresser. She turned the video camera on.

"For posterity." I nodded. She came back to the bed. 

"Where was I?" I just giggled. "Oh! I remember!" Julia nibbled her way up my legs from my calf. She came right back to my clit and sucked it right into her mouth. I moaned. She teased my labia with her tongue and teeth. It was indescribable. Heavenly. Far more quickly than I expected, I came, flooding Julia's mouth.

"Yum", she commented. It was time for me to satisfy her. I started sucking on her nipples, flicking the ball on each side of my tongue over the hard nubbin, making her moan with each erratically timed flick. Julia pushed my head down. I kept sucking her nipples, but moved a hand down her body and nestled the flat of my hand against her hairless pussy. I rocked my hand back and forth, noticing how much wetter she got with each subsequent motion. My hand was dripping with Julia. I removed my mouth from her nipples and kissed her, more urgently, on the lips. 

"Please, Allison!" I nipped and nibbled down her body. I stuck my tongue out and slid it up her pussy from one end to the other. I stopped for a moment to savor her taste. It was sweet and a little citrusy. She pulled my head back to her.

"More!" What could I do? I nibbled on each of her lips, flicking my tongue across the hood covering her clitoris. As she got even more turned on, I saw her clit emerge from its hood and I completely ignored it. I thrust my tongue in and out of her cunt, trying to get more of that wonderful taste. I knew she wanted me back on her clit, but I didn't want to end it so quickly. I slid my index finger into her pussy and went back to nibbling her labia. My finger was wet enough. I circled her asshole with it, feeling her relax herself. 

Simultaneously, I slid my index finger into her asshole and sucked, hard, on her clitoris. She came. And came. It must have been less than a minute, but it seemed like hours. I could feel her vibrating and spasming and thrashing around me as I kept sucking on her clit. I pulled my finger from her ass and kissed up her body, kissing her mouth. I could taste myself on her lips. I knew she could taste me. 

"So. Do you have anything fun to do this week, or are we going to stay in bed the whole time I'm here?" I teased Julia mercilessly. Still breathless from her orgasm, she pulled me down to her mouth. "You're not going anywhere, woman."