 Everyone in this story is 18 and over.........

-------------------------------

"What team is ready to kick some butt?!"

"The mighty lions!"

"Come on! You all sound like pussy cats! What are we!"

"The lions!"

"The what?!"

"Lions! Lions! Lions!" The bussed cheered in excitement.

We're on our way to the state regional volleyball championship and as captain, I'm gonna lead my team to victory! My name is Dalya Spencer and so far the only captain, in our school, to lead the team to the championships. The team and my friends consider me to be strong minded and a leader on the court. But, off the court I'm fun, easygoing and crazy. I'm standing at 5'5", long straight golden blonde hair, sun kissed skin and toned at every inch of my body thanks to the game I play.

Right now were on the highway riding down to Los Angeles from Oakland and about 2 hours away from the totally awesome and luxurious Omni Los Angeles Hotel. Of course each player had to pay $200.00 each to come on the trip, but I bet this is totally worth it. The hotel is in the middle of everything that I want to visit and since we're here for a whole week, I get to do everything that I want to do. Most of all I wanna finally eat Hooters. Yes I said it, Hooters. Wanna know why? Cause I like hooters. Haha. If you haven't guessed it by now, I'm gay. My team knows, my school knows, but my parents don't. But I think they're starting to figure it out. 

So...... yeah. 

But it would be totally cool of I could meet someone you know; I dated the only other out girl at school and decided we would be better friends. But that was a year ago and I've been single ever since. So whatever happens, happens. 

Because no one will never know.

-------------------------------------

"Are we gonna walk away with another victory?!"

"Yes we are!"

"Are we gonna stop at anything?!"

"No we're not!"

"Cause we are-?!"

"Warriors! Warriors! Warriors!" The bus chanted.

I'm Angela Lavonne, the captain of the 2-time regional state champion volleyball team and were on our way from San Diego to Los Angeles to win another championship. I'm not one to be cocky or full of myself but that's my attitude on the court. I believe in my team mates so much, it can be over bearing. But off the the court I'm witty, laid backed and pretty much the opposite of court Angela. I've got the height of 5'6, long black curled hair, and tanned skinned from days at the beach. We are about two hours away from the hotel, a name of which I forgot, that's known to be very luxurious and 5 star and stuff. 

Ugh.

I'm usually more excited than this, but my girlfriend decided a day before I leave for the tournament that it was very smart to break up with me over stupid reasons. But that's over now, and we're going to L.A.; where there is many girls that'll take my mind off of Sophie. But for now, I'll have to focus on leading my team to victory for the third time and if there's a girl that'll pass my way.......

Let fate take its course.

------------------------------------ 

That was the longest 2 hours in my life!!

But we finally made it to the Omni Hotel. And it's much more fancier than I thought. The outside is beautiful. But once we all entered the lobby, it was so different. So elegant, so sophisticated and we all stared in awe of the beautiful lobby.

"Wow..... so beautiful." Dana, my team mate/best friend gasped.

"I know right, so fancy." Maria, also my best friend and team mate.

I looked to my right to see Becca, who doesn't even say a word and so stricken with awe. I shake my head to snap out of it and when I look to my left, I see a girl's back; which looked like she was instructing the group of girls behind her. She turned around and looked right at me. She was the most beautiful person I've ever seen and we're having a 'moment'. I look away trying to focus on getting my teams room situated.

I go up to the desk, get the room keys and address my team mates. I look back to where mystery girl was standing, to find her and the group of girls gone. I look towards my team and start handing out keys to the girls,

"Okay girls, each room has two beds and every room is a joined to another room. So four of you will be roomed together." I announce. "It's 3:30 and you will have the rest of the day to do what you like, but don't forget to meet in this lobby tomorrow morning at 0800 for breakfast and meeting. Okay girls, have a great night."

Dana, Maria, Becca and I decided to room together. So we headed to the elevator. Becca pushed the button and we all talked as we waited.

"Ooh I can't wait to see the room!" Dana squealed and danced.

I laughed, "I know right!" Then I mocked seriousness. "As captain I get choice of first bed."

"Like hell you are!" Maria announced.

"Yes bitch! It's first come, first serve." Becca said as the elevator door opened. "And I will be the first to come."

"You always are." I say under my breath. The girls heard my comment and chuckled quietly. We walked in the elevator with all of our bags and then Becca finally understood what I said, "Oh you ass!"

"I still love you!" I yell at her.

The doors are starting to close , we hear a voice from the other side of the doors, "Wait!"

I quickly respond to the voice, and open the doors to see......

Mystery girl

Her long black hair was blowing in the wind and her piercing green eyes was so........... piercing. Plus, her body was perfectly proportioned in every way.

"Thank you." She looked directly in my eyes again as she walked in to elevator and then looked straight ahead. It was silent for 1 or 2 minutes and I occasionally glanced at her on the way up. The doors opened and we all grabbed our bagged and walked down the hallway. I noticed that mystery girl was walking behind us and when we stopped at our door, I saw that her door was right across the hall from mine. Maria opened the door and Dana and Becca followed her in. I was only one in the hall and turned my head around to see mystery girl opening her door and turning her head to look at me. I smiled and she smiled and I turned and walked in my room.

I think I found my someone.

-------------------------------------

Okay, I swear that every time I ride on that bus, it gets boring and more boring. It was so boring, I started drooling out of nowhere. But never mind that, the Warriors have touch downed in the Omni hotel; which looks like they renovated since last year. I went up to the front desk and got the key cards, then went back to the team and passed them out. "Okay girls, its the same as last year, but don't forget lobby tomorrow at 7:30. Have a great night." 

I turned my head to see a beautiful blonde beauty looking directly at me. Our eyes meet and she stares with her sparkling blue eyes. She turns away and walks toward the front desk. I shake my head and snap out it. I'm rooming with my besties Mickey, Shannon, and Taylor. And we started walking towards the elevator. I reached for my pocket to grab my phone and I noticed that my phone wasn't in my pants.

"Oh shit." I said aloud.

"Wassup?" Mickey asked.

"I think I left left my phone on the bus." I was still patting my pockets.

"Dumb ass" Taylor and Shannon chuckled.

"No, I'm serious" I slightly panicked. "Can you guys take my bags up to the room while I go check to see if the bus is still here?"

"Yeah sure. Hurry!" They encouraged. I ran off to the doors of the hotel, and luckily, the bus was still there.

"Oh thank god!" I said under breath. I ran to the doors and asked driver, "Did you find an iPhone on the bus?" He reach down in a compartment and pulled out my phone, 

"Is this what you're looking for?" He handed it to me. 

"Thankyouthankyousomuch!" I was so happy I got my phone back. I paced off to the entrance of the hotel and started to make my way to the elevators. I see a group of girls starting to make their way into the elevator, and I walk a bit faster. The doors were slowly closing and I was practically running to the elevator. 

"Wait!" I yell to the girls. And thankfully one of them heard me and open the doors. Walked through the doors and saw blonde beauty and her gorgeous blue eyes. "Thank you." I say softly to her, then turn around to face the closing doors. It was quiet in the little space, and every inch of me wanted to turn around and kiss her full on the lips. But, there were three other girls in there and I don't even know if she's gay. The doors opened and they all filled out one by one; and I was last.

It felt like I was following them, cause we were walking down the same hallway. I was looking at the door numbers one by one and found my room. And coincidentally the blonde beauty's room is right across the hall.

Yay!!!!

I pulled out my key card and unlocked my door. I turned my head to see the beauty's beautiful face looking at me. I smile softly and she does in return. I turn away towards my door, grinning and thinking to myself.......

Yep, she's totally gay.

---------------------------------------

I entered my room with my bags in tow and looked around the amazing room there was the two beds next to each other. The bathroom to my left soon as I walked in the door and straight ahead was the TV storage. Walked towards the curtain on the other side of room and tore it open. It was beautiful. The bright sky, the busy traffic and the entire city of Los Angeles waiting to be paraded by me and my girls. I dropped my bags and yelled out in excitement as I'm walking in to the connected room , "Have you seen how awesome the room is?"

I walk into the room to find my friends eyeing me. I stopped walking and squinted my eyes at them suspiciously. "What?"

"Who was that girl in the elevator?" Dana asked slyly. "Oh wait, wait. I mean that 'hot girl' in the elevator." She corrected.

"Oh wow." That's all I managed to say out loud.

"No seriously, do you know her?" Maria added.

"No, I don't know her. Well, at least not yet."

"Keyword: yet." Becca said

"Oh, you're planning to get to know her?" Dana winked.

"Not like that. I mean I think she's in the tournament with us." I said shyly.

"But other than that, you don't wanna 'know' her?" Maria made air quotes.

I couldn't lie to them, they'll find out eventually and they're my best friends; they know me better than I do.

"Maybe..... yeah." I gave a big sigh. "Ugh, I don't know. Didn't you just see her? She's so hot! And I think she's way out of my league."

"Maybe she is a little." Becca motioned with her fingers. I looked at her with disbelief. "I'm kidding!" She laughed.

"Haven't you ever met yourself?" Becca added. "Dude you're funny, kind, smart and you're hot. And if I wasn't straight, I would wanna do you."

We all looked at her in shock. "Really?" I asked.

"Yeah. Wouldn't you guys too?" She looked around at us. They all responded with positive answers. I chuckled to myself.

"Okay lets forget about doing me and mystery girl for now. Let's get situated and let's go out for a night on the town!"

I announced to them. We all cheered, then I said, "I call first dibs on shower in whichever room, suckas." I went into my room and went directly to the bathroom. I closed the door about halfway and turned own the shower. I slowly stripped naked and stood while the cold air came in from the main room. It gave me chills and my nipples were starting to get rock hard. I wanted to cover them but, my nipples get seriously sensitive when hard. So I just stood their freezing my ass off, while the water got warmer. 

A minute or two later the water was perfect and I hopped in. The feel of the warm water touching my skin, felt so good in the moment. I ran my hand slowly across my breasts and imagined it was mystery girl's hands. I closed my eyes and imagined her other hand trailing up and down my body and landing right on my pussy. So much of me wanted to continue, but when I opened my eyes; it brought me back to reality. Plus I didn't close the door all the way and I needed to hurry up and get out. I used the small little bottle of 3-in-1 soap for my hair and body and jumped out. I tore open the curtain and wrapped my body with towel and grabbed another for my hair. I walked out drying my hair and yelled, "Showers open!"

Maria came running out 2 seconds later. "Thank you!"

I walked to my bag, unzipped it and rummaged through all the crap I brought along with me. About 5 seconds later I pulled out my favorite pair of skinny jeans, matching black and white striped underwear, socks, and a shoulder sleeve black buttoned shirt. I closed the window curtain, dropped my towel, and threw my clothes on. I put my bra and panty as quick as I could, with out fall over, before my friends saw me butt naked. Then, I shimmed my self into my jeans and slipped on my shirt and left it unbuttoned for now.

I went back into my suitcase , and fished for my makeup bag. Maria was still in the shower, so I went to the mirror and table near the front door. I first pulled out my brush and brushed my hair. Then, out came my bottle of gel. I squirted a crap load of gel into my hands and ran it through my hair. Now on to the make up. What I do for make up is pretty simple. Light foundation and concealer, little eyeliner and lip gloss. I slipped on my socks, then my black vans, and walked over to the other room.

"Are you guys ready yet?" I asked loudly and plopped myself on one of the beds; laying on my side. Dana can walking out wearing faded capris, white tank top, and her hair curled by a curling iron. She stopped when she put her eyes on me.

"Dude, I like totally hate you right now!" She laughed and threw her towel at me.

"Why?" I laughed and caught the towel.

"Cause your so hot!"

"What? No I'm not."

"Bitch! You're sexy right now and your not even trying!" She was hand motioning to me. I laughed out loud to her comment. "You know what? Cover your boobies." She demanded playfully.

I was still laughing. "What? Why!"

"Be less sexy, or I will come over there and I will make you." She was laughing too.

I sat up and said (in a really bad Spanish accent), "Come at me, ese!"

She to the bed and pounced on me. For a small girl, she's ridiculously strong, and she pins my arms over my heads and says breathlessly, "Give up?"

"Never!" I announced and out of nowhere, I flip her over on her back and pin her arms with one hand over her head; and start tickling with the other. She starts squirming and screaming in laughter. In the background I hear maria and Becca say in unison, "What the hell?"

I was laughing and rolled off of Dana next to her. I looked down to see my shirt wide open and laugh even harder. "It's not what it looks like." I try to say through my ridiculous laughter.

"Uh huh sure, whatever you say." Becca said.

"No she's serious." Dana slowly stopped laughing. "I sort of tackled her, because I wanted to her to button her shirt."

"More like pounced." I added. She looked at me and gave a whatever look and continued, "and this is what happened."

"And got her ass kicked." I added again. She playfully slapped me on the arm. I started buttoning my shirt and kept my three top buttons unbuttoned. I hopped of the bed and flipped my hair. "Okay are you guys ready?" I asked.

"Yeah." Maria responded. She was wearing shorts showing off her long legs, a yellow spaghetti strap shirt, her dark hair long and iron curled and white sandals; complementing her caramel skin tone. (I sometimes envy her skin color).

"Where do you guys wanna go first?" Becca asked. She was wearing a black v-neck shirt, hole cut jeans, black sneakers, and her dirty blonde hair iron curled also.

Dana pulled out and checked her phone. "Its almost 5:30. We can go eat first."

"Okay, but where?" Maria questioned.

"You guys know where I wanna go." I grinned. We all looked around at each other.

"To Hooters!" We all cheered in unison. We was walking towards the door, then my phone started to ring.

"Go, I'll meet you guys in the lobby." I told them and they walked out the door. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and it was my mom. I sighed and answered the phone. "Hi mom."

"Hi honey, just wanted to check if you made it safe to the hotel." My mom said through the receiver.

"Yeah we did, actually me and the girls are heading out for dinner."

"Okay well, make sure you check your surroundings and don't go anywhere by yourself."

"Yes mom." I said blandly.

"Don't stay out to late."

"Okay mom." I continued.

"No drinking and no boys."

"I'm pretty sure that there will no boys for me, mom."

"Okay honey, have fun. But not too much fun."

"Okay love you, bye!" I quickly said and hung up the phone. 

Thank god.

I walked out the door and made sure the door was secure then I turned back around. Out of nowhere I bumped into some one or something and my phone dropped on the floor. Out of instinct I dropped down to grab my phone, but then I looked across from me to see, mystery girl. I look her in her beautiful green eyes and my mouth is loss for words. I start to blush and look away. "Ummm, hi." I smile and look back at her. 

"Hi," She smiles back. Her smile is like 1000 watts and she's lighting up my world. (Wow, that was cheesy) I quickly grab my phone and she's still observing me. I look back into her eyes and continue to smile.

She held out her hand and said softly, "I'm Angela."

"I'm Dalya." I shook her hand. Her hand felt smooth and soft. In the back of my mind, I'm imagining how her hand would feel on my body. God, it would feel so good. And plus, only a foot between us separated our heads and we're along in the hallway. I just want to grab her, pin her against the wall, lick her all over, and fuck her till she screams.

I guess we both realized that we were gazing and staring at each other for too long, so we quickly got to our feet. There was an awkward silence between us before I tucked my hair behind my ear and said shyly, "I'm sorry that I bumped into you."

"No I should've watched where I was going." She said back. There was another awkward silence.

"Um I should get going." I weakly pointed down the hallway.

"Oh yeah, me too." She looked at the floor.

"So, I'll see you around?" I asked.

She smiled and looked back into my eyes, "Yeah."

"Bye." I turned and walked down the hallway. I turned my head around and she was watching me walk away. I smiled. By the time I finally got to the elevator, I bet I was bright red. The doors open and I step in; the doors closed. There was so much chemistry riding between us and we hardly know each other; it was crazy. I shook it off and tried to focus on what's coming next.....

Hooters..... Here I come!

-----------------------------------------------

I closed the doors behind me and yelled into the room, "was sup bitches!" They were all laying on the beds in one room watching TV.

"You find your phone?" Mickey asked; eyes glued to the TV.

Shannon and Taylor was lying on the same bed. Mickey was on the bed towards the curtain and across the a joined room's door. I walked in grinning and plopped down next to Mickey on the bed and responded with, "Yup."

Mickey turned her head and looked at me, then looked back at the screen."What's up with you?" She asked.

"What do you mean?" Still grinning.

"Why do you look so happy?"

"I met this girl, well we did meet, but I saw this girl." I say excitedly.

"She sounds like a big deal." Shannon says from the other bed.

"Guys, she's like crazy beautiful. With her long blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes, perfect body-" I trailed off.

"Okay, I'm guessing she's very, very pretty.." Taylor interrupted and laughed.

"But anyways, on the way back into the hotel from getting my phone. She saved the elevator doors for me and that's when I knew I have to have her."
