 Jesus H. Christ, Jennifer thought as she forcefully stretched her stride to a near sprint, her feet barely touching the pavement as she ran. She turned the corner onto Beaumont Street, and the two female dorms came into view, so she knew she only had about four hundred yards left. All the guys called Beaumont by the nickname P. A. because of those two dorms, with P. A. being short for pussy alley. Jennifer giggled to herself. The things a girl's mind will come up with when her lungs are on fire. 

Fuck, she thought as she sucked for air and ran harder. Why'd I have to smoke that cigarette last night? Double fuck. Why'd I even let Jerry talk me into going to that fucking frat party? Who the fuck knew Reardon would be there?

At that moment, the image of Coach Nancy Reardon was coming into Jennifer's view. A Nazi bitch in black leather snapping a whip is what Jennifer saw. In actually, Nancy wore gray New Balance running shoes, maroon shorts, and a white polo shirt with a maroon collar and maroon lettering over her left breast which said Texas State University Tennis. Rather than a whip, she held a stopwatch in her hand and was yelling, "Sprint it out, Gordon. Show me some guts."

Fucking cunt, Jennifer thought. I'll show the fucking cunt. Drags me out of bed pounding on my door at five in the morning. Hauls me out to her car. Drives me five miles off campus and all but tosses me out onto my ass as she's telling me, "Five at five, Gordon. You know the rules."

Five at fucking five, Jennifer was thinking to herself. The only fucking thing Reardon knows. Run five miles at five in the morning. Five at fucking five. Skip a class and it's five at five. Miss a team meeting and it's five at five. Be two seconds late for practice and it's five at five. Smoke one lousy cigarette at a party you had no idea the bitch was going to be at, and it's five at fucking five. Fuck her, Jennifer thought, and fuck her five at five.

Nancy clicked the button on her watch as Jennifer sprinted by her. When Jennifer made her way to the grassy area in front of Clearway Hall and collapsed in a heap, Nancy looked at the time on the watch and merely shook her head as she walked to where Jennifer lay. She'd told Jennifer if she didn't run the five miles in less than forty-five minutes, she was going to pull the girl's tennis scholarship. 

Nancy stood over Jennifer's prone form and watched the girl gasp until her breathing returned somewhat to normal before saying, "You know how fast you ran that five miles, Gordon?"

"Less than forty-five minutes," Jennifer said. "Other than that. I don't give a fuck."

Nancy blushed. Jennifer knew she would. That's why she'd used her words the way she had. "Maybe I shouldn't give a fuck either," Nancy said.

"So why the fuck do you?"

"You just ran five miles in twenty-nine minutes and thirty-three seconds," Coach Reardon said. "Shit, Gordon. There are probably girls on the track team that can't run five miles that fast."

"So fucking what?"

"Yeah," Nancy said. "So fucking what. So fucking what that I gave you a scholarship when I didn't have to."

Jennifer knew she was lucky to have the scholarship that she had. She'd wanted to go to Baylor with her on again off again boyfriend Oliver Bolton and her best friend Dina Nouri. Dina's parents were loaded and Oliver was at Baylor on a football scholarship, but Jennifer had blown her chances of going to Baylor when she got crushed in the semifinals of the state tennis tournament last year. She'd won the tournament when she was a junior but just didn't have the same kind of year as a senior. 

"I know you didn't have to give me a scholarship and I'm grateful that you did," Jennifer said. TSU wasn't Baylor, but she'd been afraid she wasn't going to be able to go to college at all. Her dad had a good job now, but he'd been unemployed for a couple of years and that had really drained the family's finances. Even with his current job, they were still struggling to replace depleted funds. Still, Jennifer hated the way Nancy rubbed her nose in it.

"You were the best player I scouted two years ago," Coach Reardon said to her. "But you lost your focus somewhere. I don't know if it's drugs, or getting your cherry popped or what, but something happened to you."

Now it was Jennifer's turn to blush. There was no way Reardon could know, but she had started having sex with Oliver just before tennis season started her senior year. And she'd done a little drugs, mainly just weed though, over the summer; but she knew there was something else wrong with her game. She just couldn't figure it out. 

Nancy saw that she'd embarrassed Jennifer and let her voice soften. "I know you miss your boyfriend, but you've got to do better."

Jennifer did miss home and her friends. Dina drove from Waco down to San Marcos to see her a couple of times a month, but with Oliver being on football scholarship she hardly ever got to see him. She was going home to Arlington for Thanksgiving. Part of her sour mood was that she was disappointed that neither Dina nor Oliver would be in Arlington over the long weekend.

Dina was going to Jamaica with her parents, and Oliver would be in Kansas playing a game against Kansas State University. He'd been an All-American quarterback in high school, but they'd converted him to free safety at Baylor. That was okay with Oliver. He got to start right off the bat that way. If he'd stayed at quarterback, he would have been red shirted his freshman year and more than likely would not have had a chance to crack the starting line up until his third or fourth year on the team. 

"Jennifer?"

She snapped out of her thoughts and said, "What is it, Coach?"

"I asked if you were going home for the holiday."

"Oh," Jennifer said. "Yeah, my friend Laurie is driving down to pick me up after my last class tomorrow afternoon."

"Have some fun with your friends," Nancy said. "We'll talk when you get back."

As Nancy walked away, Jennifer forgot about tennis and thought about Laurie. Fun, with Laurie. That wouldn't be a problem. 

Jennifer walked into the lobby of her dorm and stopped when she saw her friend Abby on duty at the desk. Abby smiled and said, "You survive, girl?"

Jennifer rolled her eyes and said, "Barely."

"Bet you don't smoke another cigarette for awhile."

"You got one?"

Abby laughed and said, "Sure if you want."

Jennifer giggled and shook her head. "Na," she said. "Believe it or not. I only had that one last night and it was the first one I'd smoked sense September."

"What happened?"

Jennifer shrugged. "I went over to see Jerry at his frat house and they were having a party. I needed to get with him about our term paper."

"Uh huh," Abby said.

"No really," Jennifer said. "That's the only reason I went over."

"Girl, please," Abby said. "You went over there to get laid."

Jennifer sighed. "Okay," she said. "I did get fucked while I was there, but I went there to talk about our term paper that we're writing."

"Yeah."

"You want to hear this or not?"

"I want to hear about how big Jerry's dick is."

"It's big okay. Now, anyway, after I sampled how big it is, we left his room and went out to the party. One of his frat buddies was lighting a cigarette and without even thinking about it, I asked him for one. Then, the exact second I took my first hit, Reardon was in my face pulling it out of my mouth and telling me to be up at five this morning. Fucking cunt."

Abby laughed. "What you get for cheating on that hunk of a boyfriend."

Jennifer snorted and said, "Like he's not doing the same thing."

"Well," Abby said. "He's a guy."

Jennifer rolled her eyes and said, "I don't even want to hear that shit. I'm going to take a shower."

Abby sniffed and said, "Good idea."

"Fuck you," Jennifer said indignantly. 

*

As Jennifer stepped into the room she shared with Rebecca Zamora, she saw that the bathroom door was open just a crack and she heard the shower running. God, she thought. It's not even six o'clock yet and she's already up. How's she do this shit every fucking day? 

So she'd be ready for her turn when Rebecca got out of the shower, Jennifer stripped out of her running clothes and tossed them into the laundry hamper sitting in the corner by her bed. She stood naked in front of the full-length mirror and admired her body before taking a tee shirt from her top drawer and pulling it over her head. She liked being naked, but Rebecca was shy and Jennifer didn't like to embarrass her. She smiled when she thought about Rebecca never missing a single bible study session, but still coming home and masturbating under her sheet every night. Yep. Shy. 

Just as Jennifer finished pulling on the tee shirt, Rebecca stepped from the shower with her bath towel wrapped around her body. She's really cute, Jennifer thought, kind of plain, but cute. No, not plain. Not really anyway. She had a little bit of trouble with her complexion, but she had beautiful hair and her ass was dynamite. It was every bit as nice as Jennifer's, which was round and full and firm from the hours she spent running around a tennis court. 

Her breasts weren't even close to being as big or as full as Jennifer's were, but her ass was right on. Jennifer had even caught her dad looking it over once when he had been helping Jennifer move into the dorm, and she knew her dad was an ASS man. She'd over heard him once telling Sandy, her mom, whose ass was a thirty-five year old replica of Jennifer's, that she and Jennifer both had butt's that would do a well-shaped black chick shame. Put eighteen year old daughter side by side with thirty-five year old mother and they could not be told apart from behind. 

Check that. Put a hat on them to hide their hair, because Jennifer's is a little darker and they could not be told apart from behind. Their faces look enough alike that one would have to be up close to tell them apart from the front. Jennifer chuckled as she thought about the day she'd met her friend Laurie and the party Laurie had taken her to. Turns out her mom had been at the same party earlier and had attracted the attention of a very rich Chinese gentleman. 

He'd wanted the host to introduce Sandy to him, but Sandy had left and Cleo had been unable to hook them up beforehand. When Jennifer had shown up with Laurie and Dina, as well as her other good friend Taylor and Laurie's sister Kelli; the Chinese gentleman had spotted Jennifer and insisted that she was the same woman he'd seen earlier, even though it had really been her mom there, not Jennifer. 

Of course Sandy did in fact return to the party a little later. Jennifer chuckled again as she thought about the shocked expression on EVERYONE'S face when they had later all made their way out of bedrooms and into the hallway of the mansion. NONE of them wearing a stitch of clothing. ALL of them wired to the sky and freshly fucked. That had been a night all right. Sandy and Jennifer had avoided talking about it, but they still reached a knowing understanding that they each had their own lives to live. 

Rebecca sat down across from Jennifer with her bath towel wrapped around her body and lay on the bed. Jennifer looked her roommate over and said, "What up, girl?"

"You going out tonight?"

Jennifer shook her head and said, "Nope. I got an Algebra test tomorrow. I'm going to be at the library for a while, and then I'm going to Taekwondo and get a work out in. Why?"

Rebecca sighed and said, "Tim Finley asked me to go to the movies with him. I thought if you had a date, we might double up."

"Don't you want to go with him alone?"

"Not really."

"Why?"

"I'm pretty sure he's going to want to kiss me tonight."

Jennifer smiled, shrugged, and said, "And that's a bad thing?"

Rebecca hesitated, "Not bad in that I don't want it, but bad as in I don't really know what to do."

Jennifer hesitated as she thought about what Rebecca was saying. Then she sat down on the bed next to where Rebecca lay and crossed her legs Indian style. "What are you saying, Becky," she asked? "That you don't know if you should let him kiss you or not?"

Rebecca shook her head. "No. I'm saying I don't exactly know how to kiss him back if he does kiss me."

Jennifer paused for a moment before saying, "You've never been kissed."

"Not on the lips."

"You're kidding."

Rebecca shook her head again. "No I'm not."

"But, you're twenty years old."

Rebecca shrugged and said, "Ugly girls don't get dates."

"Give me a break, Becky," Jennifer said. "You aren't ugly."

Rebecca rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling. "I may not be ugly per say, but I'm certainly as plain as they come."

"Plain girls don't have an ass like yours."

Rebecca's mouth fell open and she sat up and said, "Jennifer. I can't believe you said that."

"Said what?"

"You know," Rebecca said as she tilted her head in the direction of her butt.

"Ass?"

"Right."

"You can't believe I said ass? Give me a break, Becky. We're not over at the Baptist Student Union having bible study and prayer devotional. It's just you and me. I can say ass and the world's not going to fall in."

Rebecca paused as if she was uncertain, so Jennifer continued, "Come on. Say it with me. Ass. Come on, say it."

After a moment, Rebecca giggled and finally said, "Ass."

"That's it," Jennifer said. "Now say, I have a nice ass."

"What!"

"Say it, Becky."

"I have a nice ass," Rebecca said uncertainly.

"Louder with more confidence. Proclaim it to the world."

"I have a nice ass," Rebecca said with pride.

"That's it, girl. Now say, it's round and full and the boys want to fuck it."

Rebecca's mouth fell open again.

"Say it," Jennifer said firmly.

"It's round and full and the boys…"

Rebecca stopped, so Jennifer finished for her, "Want to fuck it."

"Right," Rebecca said.

"Say it all."

"I have a nice ass. It's round and full and the boys want to fuck it."

"That's it," Jennifer laughed. "Now let's do it together."

Rebecca followed Jennifer's lead and said with her, "We both have nice asses. They are round and full and the boys want to fuck them."

Jennifer fell on the bed beside her roommate and they both laughed like children. "You're so silly," Rebecca said.

"I'm silly," Jennifer said. "You're the one laying here talking about getting fucked when you've never even been kissed."

Rebecca opened her mouth to speak and then closed it without talking. Finally, she said, "That was mean."

Jennifer brushed a strand of hair away from Rebecca's eyes and said, "I didn't want for it to be mean. It just came out that way."

"I know," Rebecca said. "You're not a mean person."

"I don't know about that," Jennifer said. She paused and then continued, "You want to though, don't you?"

"Huh?"

Jennifer leaned her lips next to Rebecca's ear and said, "You want to get fucked, don't you."

"It's a sin."

Jennifer suppressed her laugh and said, "Lot's of things are sins, but they're still lots of fun."

"Jennifer!"

"Don't play all innocent on me, Becky. I hear you at night."

"What?"

"Don't what me, girl. This room ain't that big. I hear you moaning, and I see your hand working under the sheets."

"Jennifer. I do not know what you're talking about."

"Yes you do, Becky. I'm talking about the way you masturbate when you think I'm sleeping. It's no big deal. I masturbate too. Half the time, I'm lying over in my bed doing it while I listen to you."

Rebecca's mouth fell open and after she recovered she said, "Why?"

"Why," Jennifer laughed. "I'd hate for you to have all the fun."

"But you've got Oliver," Rebecca said. "And that boy from your English Composition class."

Jennifer brushed away another strand of hair that had fallen over Rebecca's green eyes and said, "Still fun to get my fingers wet every chance I can."

Rebecca gasped and said, "You're terrible."

"Least I'm not a virgin."

Rebecca pursed her lips together and said, "There you go again. You don't have to be mean about it, Jenny."

Jennifer pressed her lips right up to Rebecca's ear and said, "You're right. I don't have to be mean, and you don't have to be a virgin anymore. Just let Tim fuck you tonight and you won't be."

Rebecca sighed and said, "But, as it's been established, I've never even been kissed. I don't want to turn him off when he finds out I don't know how."

"We can fix that," Jennifer said.

"What do you mean?"

"How do you think me and Dina learned to kiss before we started going out with boys?"

Rebecca was about to say she had no clue when Jennifer softly touched her lips to her own. Rebecca pulled away, but not far away, so Jennifer lightly pressed her lips against Rebecca's again. "Relax," Jennifer said. "I'll teach you how to do it, and tonight I'll stay away from the room so you can be alone with Tim."

"This is really wrong, Jenny."

"Shhh," Jennifer said as she placed her finger against Rebecca's lips. "Just relax. You don't have to do anything this time. Just let your lips form with mine."

Then Jennifer kissed her again. This time Rebecca didn't pull away, but let their lips mesh together. Jennifer held the kiss until Rebecca felt her legs tingle. When Jennifer broke away, she said, "Good. This time open your mouth a little more. When I slip you my tongue, just accept it and let me control it."

"I don't know, Jenny. This is really, really wrong."

"No," Jennifer said. "This is really, really fun."

She pressed her lips to Rebecca's and softly sucked her friend's top and then her bottom lip. Rebecca moaned and let her lips part just as Jennifer had told her to do. When Jennifer's tongue slipped into her mouth, she felt it mold with hers until they seemed to be one unit. So absorbed in the kiss was she, that she didn't even notice her bath towel falling open. 

Jennifer let their lips come apart and Rebecca gasped and moaned as Jennifer used her right thumb to caress the inner part of Rebecca's left breast and she simultaneously stroked the nipple erect with the middle finger of the same hand. Before Rebecca could say anything, Jennifer closed her mouth back over Rebecca's and their tongues were again melted together into a single entity. 

Without even realizing that she was doing it, Rebecca's own fingers found their way to her wet pussy and she began to stroke her clit as she returned Jennifer's kiss. When Jennifer's hand left Rebecca's breast and her fingers walked their way down to Rebecca's pussy, she firmly moved Rebecca's hand from her way and broke their kiss to say, "You let him do that, Becky."

Then she slipped her tongue back into Rebecca's mouth as she calmly entered her roommate's pussy with the forefinger of her right hand. Rebecca broke the kiss and gasped, "I'm cumming."

At that, Jennifer pulled her finger from Rebecca's pussy and slid over her friend until she was pressing their clits together. Jolts of electricity shot through both their pubic regions and Rebecca instinctively rubbed back against Jennifer and the two girls rocked their clits together until they were both screaming with orgasm.

Then Jennifer collapsed and rolled over until she and Rebecca were both lying face up and staring at the ceiling. They each turned their faces in the direction of the other and kissed one more time. After they finished kissing, Rebecca said, "I can't believe we did that."

Jennifer giggled and said, "Neither can I."

Then Rebecca said, "Want to do it again?"