 The pool party was a huge success. Word spread around that we were the toast of the town for new sex parties and groups. We enrolled a dozen couples from our exclusive neighborhood, four single men, a bisexual lesbian couple and widowed former NFL cheerleader, now 44, whose much older husband passed away 2 years prior. We now have a waiting list as 50 couples applied for membership in 30 days. 

This was perfect as we charged each couple $500/month, single women $200/month and each of the 4 single men $400/month. Memberships would come with:

Free admission to all of our parties, up to twenty each year.

Exclusive video profile in our private website. 

Invite up to two couples or singles to a party each year with no admission.

Two private instructional sessions per year with Chantal for each couple.

Group discounts on local spas, sexy clothes, toys and a trips to a tropical sex spa. 

We decided to accept the top 40 couples. We added the 7 additional neighbors, Chantal and 4 of her delicious female friends as well as our original 4 maids, two of their young girlfriends, Teresa, Tom and me. Chantal, her friends, the maids, Teresa, Tom and me were not charged for our memberships of course since we were running the parties or being a part of the entertainment. The last 10 couples could join when anyone dropped out or didn't pay their fees due every quarter or monthly if they were in our HOA.

With the influx of revenue, (about $250k/year), we were able to start Chantal on her $60k/year salary plus tips and of course lots of other mostly sexual benefits. We could pay the maids and others $500 per party. We also invested in more furniture, toys, linens, pillows, air mattresses and many more items. Tom also said that we should invite security to our large parties, since a few of the guests took some liberties. He also had video cameras installed everywhere in the house so we could keep track of people and watch any action we missed during the parties. We felt that it would also give us leverage from anyone trying to blackmail or extort any of our members.

So the next party we needed to throw was for the ladies. We invited all of them to my house for a lingerie show and orgasmic aids party. We planned to have some demonstrations on how to use many of the newest toys, a lingerie fashion show and some informal one on one instruction.

We decided that all six of our maids, Chantal, two of her sex goddess friends, Teresa and I were going to wear the newest line of lingerie and form a reception line for the ladies as they walked into my home. Each of us was given a number with four copies to give to any woman who chose us. As the women entered, they were to pick a number from the lady they wanted to receive individual instruction from or whose group they wanted to join before entering the rest of the house. 

We sent out the invitations with a simple note:

Ladies,

You are hereby invited to our first ladies only sexual fulfillment party. 

All will be tantalized with a lingerie fashion show, new technologies, sexual presentations and one on one instruction. Your sexual satisfaction is guaranteed.

About four dozen women RSVP'd and over 40 women arrived between 6 and 7 pm. Some arrived in fancy dresses others wore lingerie or sexy outfits including short shorts and bikini tops. Once we had accumulated ten women on our front porch area, we invited them in all. They were instructed to check out all of us ladies in the reception line and choose one to be their personal instructor later. We told the next lady in line to have the next ten women wait and be ready to come in ten minutes later.

Many of our guests introduced themselves in various ways. After how our pool party went, nearly all the ladies came up to Chantal or me and not only kissed us, (sometimes very passionately), but also let their fingers roam too.

The women started choosing their instructor by how they kissed, how they looked or what type of fantasy they would like to share. They had only 10 minutes to make their decision. Oddly, Chantal gave out 3 of her numbers, Teresa gave out one and no one chose me from this first group. Perhaps I had sex with too many people at the pool party, who knows? Three more rounds of 10 women making their entrance were by over the next half hour. We gathered everyone into our patio to start the party.

I introduced Chantal as the key ingredient to our success in the Trophy Wives Club. I explained' "She will be paid a salary to help plan and coordinate all of our parties. She will be made available for two free private evening sessions with every couple who joined our club. When she does make a difference in your sex lives, you may only tip her up to $500, as we don't want her to play favorites with our members. She may also negotiate any private parties, events or additional one on one's with anyone for an undisclosed amount agreed upon by both parties outside of her responsibilities with us. My husband and I will host most of the parties. We are new to this lifestyle and look forward to spending quality time with many of our members, but we know we won't be able to get together with everyone. Chantal will do a great job of that we know."

Chantal then explained, "Whether you are near the same age as you spouse or much younger, we want you to be proud to be a part of our community. We are calling ourselves the Trophy Wives Club because being special, (ala a Trophy of a wife), doesn't have to mean only young wives who replaced first and second wives. We want it to all be treated like we are new, sexy and able to fulfill all their men's fantasies. We are all beautiful and sexy. We want all of the husbands to treat us special, never take us for granted again, and all of us will have the most incredible sexual journey we can create. Happy wives, happy lives. Happy husbands, happily ever after. Since unsatisfying sex and money are the biggest reasons for divorce and affairs, we decided to take a proactive approach that would be fair and fun for everyone. Ladies, please value your man, but if you do find a playmate you would like get together with after tonight, please enjoy each other and be safe. Every one of your husbands has agreed to let all of you share the love of another woman, but as you know what man wouldn't enjoy you bringing her home with you to share once and a while. Tonight however, we make a toast to all of you ladies and wish you many happy endings before you leave here. We will start with our lingerie fashion show, where all the apparel is available to purchase tonight." 

Applause from everywhere filled the patio as the parade of ladies walked along the pool, one by one walking the catwalk showing off the latest features in sexy bedroom wear. In a small attempt to raise lingerie sales each of 11 ladies finished their stroll by sitting in the lap of one of our female attendees, sometimes kissing or playing with them while the show continued. I went first and then sat on the lap of a very voluptuous and sexy lady named Carolyn. We kissed and I made sure to lead her hand to my soaking wet clit while I played with her big amazingly, firm breasts during the fashion show.

Half an hour later, we started our demonstrations of the newest toys. Chantal started the first exhibition with me. She showed the crowd the newest in vibrating eggs. This one would not only have a remote control setting for vibration settings, but it also had a gyroscope inside that would make different parts of the egg carry a heavier weight and vibration. This could easily cause it to move around and even fall out, so you must be careful not to wear this model while out and about. She waved me over to the air mattress and had me lay down. Like it was nothing, she removed my sexy panties and began licking my clit and pussy lips in front of everyone. Her touch and the fact I was now on display as a sex toy for her to use made my pussy super wet as she slid the new toy into me. I kept my knees bent, feet on the ground, to make sure it stayed securely in my love tunnel. I was still wearing my 4 inch heels, thigh high stockings and see through top.

Chantal started me on a low vibration, making sure I was building to my climax at a very calm and relaxed pace. It felt really good. Chantal cranked the vibration up to eight and I tilted my head back, moaning loudly for everyone to know how incredible it felt now. I started to pinch my nipples, since I was not allowed to finger my clit. She made the gyro start and it felt like the egg was crawling all over the inside of my flowing pussy. I was writhing around on the mattress, a total slave to this wonderful new toy. After a few pleasured filled minutes Chantal said, "I don't want to have her on the edge of a the big one all night, so I will increase both the vibration and movement to the highest setting, so our Gwen can get off in front of all of you right now."

When she accelerated my pleasure, I was a woman out of my mind, moaning and screaming repeatedly, "Oh fuck, fuck. It feels so fucking good. Oh baby fuck, fuck, fuck me now. Take my pussy over and over again. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, YES, OH FUCK!" My climax was one of epic proportions as I screamed my lungs out and squirted a fountain of cum two feet above my body five or six times. Nearly everyone gasped and clapped as it took several squirts before I could start calming down.

Chantal asked me, "Have you ever used this product before? Was that one of your best orgasms ever?"

I regained only a little of my composure and replied, "No I haven't used it before, but I would love to take my couple of my ladies into a bedroom and play with it all night. That was the most intense thing to ever have touched me."

Chantal reminded everyone, "Unless you are a guest, you may purchase any of our sexual satisfaction aids tonight at a greatly reduced price and we have your husbands' credit card on file. Guests who make any purchase tonight can still receive a discount on the price. Most of our toys will average $30-100 each, but as you have just witnessed a bargain at nearly any price." She stuck two fingers in me, brought them to her mouth and simply said, "Mmmm, tasty, very tasty."

Someone from the crowd asked, "How far is the range of the remote control?'

Chantal replied, "Why don't we test it. Girls let's move Gwen to the other side please."

Not being able to stand yet, I was glad when they picked up the air mattress with me on it and placed it on the far side of the patio. Eva, a maid, helped me take the top off of my lingerie, as I had partially soaked it during my climax. I was totally naked, except for my stockings and heels when Chantal turned the vibration up from zero to six. I suddenly had to lie back down on my back with my knees up. Eva wasn't sure what was happening to me as I started moaning and screaming again. The ladies applauded and egged on Chantal to crank it all the way up again. She shrugged an okay to the crowd and I certainly looked like a possessed woman, now screaming my lungs out and my body flailing all over the mattress. Eva decided to rub my clit for me and soon enough, I became a human fountain again for everyone. As Chantal turned the egg down to a lower setting, I could only moan softly and remain still, waiting for my electronic master to take me again. Eva lay with me for a few minutes, gently stroking and kissing me.

Chantal went on to the next demonstration, which was for a penis enhancement toy. She put on a strap on with on a 5' dildo and asked Teresa to help her demonstrate. Teresa and Chantal were both naked now and lay on the other air mattress near the pool. Just for fun, Chantal decided the crowd may enjoy a little foreplay, so she started making out with Teresa, with all kinds of licking, groping and grinding of their bodies. Then she made her final approach and put the strap on inside Teresa's wet pussy.

Teresa enjoyed it for the next several minutes, when Chantal noticed, "She is definitely in to me, but it may take quite a while to drive her crazy with my current artificial penis." I will now show you a cock accessory you may want to get for your husband. She pulled out of Teresa and attached the device to the end of the dildo. This made the dildo increase 3-4 inches in length with a wicked upturn on the end.

She announced, "This is specially designed to hit most of our erogenous zones and increase our pleasure almost 10 times. Watch her reaction now."

Chantal started kissing Teresa again, inserting her enhanced penis into her wanting lips. Teresa immediately stirred as she started humping hard against Chantal. She was moaning steadily as she wrapped her legs around Chantal's waist and begged her to fuck her more. Chantal obliged, much to the crowd's content. Teresa could barely keep her body on the mattress as she tried to suck the new improved cock deep into her loins. Her breathing and moaning were getting much heavier as she pleaded, "Oh Chantal, please, please fuck me some more. Oh baby, I can't get enough of you, give me some more of that cock, please. Oh yes, yes, YES. Oh fuck yes. Fuck me hard baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes please baby take me now. Fuck yes. Fuck me baby. OH YYEESSS!"

Chantal moved back a little so the crowd could see Teresa squirt more and more cum onto her. The ladies were so excited when Chantal noted, "You see it doesn't matter if your man's package is less than spectacular or worn out. This little aid will make your pussy beg for more and more pleasure every time and deliver some incredible orgasms for you both of you to enjoy. Its special design gives your g spot and other hot zones a semi twisting effect. The tip is upturned a little to reach all of our senses near and around our clitoris to increase pleasure to our female nerve centers, resulting in more frequent and powerful orgasms.

Chantal climbed aboard Teresa for a nice little grind into her receptive pussy. She took a victory lap that Teresa enjoyed and just held on as a second smaller climax overtook her moments later. The crowd was impressed and very appreciative.

Chantal was ready for the next demonstration as she waived over Marissa and Valentina, two of our hired maids with benefits and both very young, sexy Latina women. This time it was a really naughty toy to play with. Chantal had them remove all of their clothing with Valentina lying on her back. Chantal then gave Marissa this unique looking double sided dildo. She instructed Marissa to put the first couple inches of the toy into Valentina. Next she was supposed to put as much of the other half into her pussy. The two young ladies tried to make something good happen by thrusting back and forth, but it was uncomfortable using this device. Chantal pulled out a remote, pushed a button causing the double ended dildo to start moving and shaking. She told Marissa just to climb on top of Valentina and let the toy do the rest. Soon they were getting hot and bothered due to the vibration and movement between their legs. After a few moments the women were on fire for each other as the big pink toy seemed to be working its magic on both women. Their tongues explored each other's mouth furiously. They were licking, sucking and biting each other leaving some serious marks behind.

Valentina was yelling out, "Oh fuck me some more please, yes, yes, yes."

Marissa responding with, "Oh baby, baby, baby, make me cum now please."

They kept getting hotter and hotter for each other as their orgasms moved in quickly. Both women were screaming like crazy as they started to cum all over the toy. The ladies all clapped or cheered at this performance, some wishing they could have played a part in the demonstration. They needed refills on their drinks as well as a few moments to come down from the intense reactions that had just witnessed from four different women. 

Chantal announced to the crowd, "We will have one more public demonstration. We will then separate all of you into your small groups where you can learn how to use these toys and more. Before we start again, on the back of the number representing your instructor, is a list of tonight's toys we have either shown to you or you will be able to sample in your groups. We have some you can buy and take home tonight and others you may order before you leave."

After a quick break Chantal welcomed everyone back for the last demonstration. One of her friends yelled out, "So far you have handed out all the pleasure. When do we get to see you losing control?" Many in the crowd agreed and laughed a little.

Chantal quickly replied, "Okay, why don't you come up and show us how this next item works on me."

The crowd let off a small roar. She replied, "Oh girl, you are in for some trouble now."

Chantal showed her the next item and whispered some instructions to her before removing her all of her friend's lingerie. She introduced the woman as, "Jackie".

Chantal continued with, "Jackie has a very unique double penetration strap on that she will now fuck my ass and pussy with at the same time. First I will need some lube."

Jackie started to lube her sphincter while she licked Chantal's clit and inner walls, prepping her openings while also starting the fire. She put on the dildo as Chantal explained, "You see, this special strap on has two penises, one for each door. The difference you will see and I will feel, is that one will start out at 9 inches long in my pussy, while the other will be a more comfortable 6 inches in my ass. As Jackie continues to work it into me the sizes start to vary in length and thickness. Just when I get used to 6 inches in my back door, it may grow or shrink an inch or two. The same thing will happen in my front door where it can grow to 10 inches or shrink to 7 inches. The movement and variable sizes will give me the feeling like I am being fucked by multiple cocks, even though the rest of my body will be enjoying the soft kisses and caresses from my good friend Jackie. It will be like a threesome or foursome with just her and I. Why don't you go ahead and show these ladies how it works, Jackie."

Jackie then forced Chantal onto her stomach as she put the larger dildo in her pussy from behind. She then slowly eased the smaller dildo into Chantal's lovely ass.

Being filled in both holes, Chantal moaned, "Ok baby I am ready for you. Take my ass and my pussy. I want to cum hard for you, baby."

Jackie started slowly with Chantal getting a nice rhythm going. Chantal was a little uncomfortable for a while then she started to moan in a good way, opening up to the sensations of being fucked by two cocks. She winced as the ass dildo grew to full size as Jackie did not slow down her thrusts. The shape, thickness and length on both kept changing as Chantal's openings continued to be confused. In moments it was now her turn to start screaming out in pleasure as Jackie picked up the pace of her thrusts.

Chantal started moaning louder and screams were flying out of her telling Jackie, "Oh fuck, oh my god, you fucking bitch, take me. Take me over and over. Oh, oh, oh, oh, Yes, yes, yes. Oh fuck me harder bitch! Take my pussy now baby. Ohhhh you fuck my ass soooo good. Oh fuck yes, yes, yes, you fucking bitch, take me now. Ohhh FUCK!"

Chantal finished with a scream that echoed throughout the neighborhood. Our wonderful instructor finally got to receive her share of the pleasure.

After a few minutes, Chantal finally bid farewell to the device and addressed everyone saying, "Have you ever seen so many ladies have such a pleasurable experiences and this many intense orgasms before? I doubt it. It is time for you ladies to experiment with many of the orgasmic aids we have provided for you tonight. When you break into your groups, you can just pleasure each other, try out a device on one another or use any of them on yourself. We have some unique vibrators and dildos for you to play with now. If you leave here without having at least one orgasm, we will have you stay until one of us has brought you to an orgasm. We did guarantee your satisfaction. There are 4 bedrooms and a bonus room upstairs all ready for some action. You can also use the kitchen, dining room, living room, great room or office on the main floor. In the walkout basement we have a special bedroom set up for anyone who wants to experiment with bondage. You can also use the recreation room down there as well as the patio for all of you other exhibitionists like me. Everyone go have fun for the next couple of hours or so."
