 I don't think I used any slang words in this one, at least any that were obscure, so no need for a list!

Also pre-warning: Read the tags.

I'm also writing with the assumption you've read past chapters, if not, it doesn't really matter.

Enjoy and comment!

...

It was on a Chill Day night, lying in bed together naked and staring at the ceiling, I chose to say it out of the blue.

"Hey, Bailey."

"Mm-hm?" she hummed around her e-cigerette.

She was lying with one hand behind her head. I was no artist, but I loved the curve of her breast when she flexed like this; just the way the muscle of her shoulder pulled her puppy up her chest in a soft, teardrop shape.

Then smoke curled from her mouth and the spell was broken.

"Do you have to?" I interrupted myself, fanning the vapours away from me, though kind of enjoying the scent despite it.

"Yuh-huh." She looked at me from the corner of her eye, "Was that what you were going to ask?" she asked before putting the copper piece to her lips again.

"No." I sighed before letting it out; "I think I'm bisexual."

She blew another puff of vanilla-scented nicotine above our heads. "Yuh-huh."

I squinted at her. "Did you ever think I was?"

She gave me one of her 'are you kidding me, Sam?' looks, "I thought you were a full blown dyke when I met you."

I lifted my head to stare at her. "Are you serious?"

"Don't you remember?" She asked, before finally puting the thing away. "Primary school days? Your hair was even shorter back then. It was that cute little pixie cut with the shaggy fringe. topped off with the cargo pants from your bro...I thought you were the before-image of a bona fide carpet muncher - the cutest dang tomboy at school."

"Oh..." My head dropped back on the pillow, then I furrowed my brow as I stared up at the ceiling. "Wait, you thought I was cute back then?"

Bailey was silent for a moment. "I had a bit of a crush on you, I'll admit that."

huh, I thought. Really, that's all I could think. The room grew silent and it was kind of awkward.

Bailey then clapped her hands and changed the topic. "Anyway, how was Curt?"

Curt was one of her boyfriends. Last "Chill Day" night was spent...meeting up.

"he was alright." I told her.

She rolled over to splay herself on my chest, warming my side and lightly playing with my right areola until my nipple hardened. "And the overall threesome?"

Okay yes, we had a threesome. Allow me to explain.

Before I met Curt last weekend - when it had all gone down - the day was spent between just me and Bailey in the food court, as always. While we were tucking in, Bailey had offered something I wasn't expecting.

"Wait a minute," I said, putting down my subway wrap, "you want to have a threesome?"

"Yup." She said with her mouth full.

"With — which one again — Curt?"

She swallowed her food. "Yup."

I blinked. "Um...is he okay with that?"

"Yup, he's been wanting to get to know you for a while."

My face flushed. "Are you serious?"

She nodded slowly, as if I was being unbearably daft. Which I guess I was.

"I'm sorry, it's just..." I sighed and ran my fingers through my cowlick, "it's just been so long since I've last been with a bloke."

"Wait, I remember this one." She cleared her throat and put on her best impression of me, "But I like blokes, Bailey, and I...I fuck guys! That's it!"

She then mimed a blowjob. "Gob, gob, gob!"

I couldn't roll my eyes hard enough. "Hardy har, you can stop being a cheeky cunt now."

"You love it." She said giving me a wink.

I tried not to smile, but it failed. Even when she was horrible, I thought she was brilliant.

"Alright then..."

"Alright then what?" She pressed.

"Lets have a threesome."

She whooped loud enough to startle everyone in the food court, throwing her hands in the air. I slowly sunk down in the chair, trying to will myself invisible.

I'll admit, I was scared. I wasn't kidding when I told Bailey it had been a while.

Before the sun was hidden behind the Earth, it was already arranged. A quick text message and a drive home settled it.

I met Curt upon entering Bailey's room, and he smiled at me and shook my hand. Don't know why he did that, but I got the impression he was just as nervous as I was.

Bailey took control of the situation for us.

She told him to have a seat on the bed and he did. The grin on his face was something to rival the cheshire cat's. At Bailey's order, he slipped his shirt off.

One thing that really shocked me about Curt was that he was a lot better looking than any guy I managed to get into bed with before. While not entirely ripped, his chest was smooth shaven. The hair on his arms were a pale and fair red, giving him a slight glow when the light hit him from the curtained window behind him.

Despite him being so attractive, I was feeling a surprising lack of attraction.

I'd been caught staring at him for a while when I felt Bailey touch the side of my face for a kiss. My body lit up at the contact and I moaned into her mouth.

"That's hot," I heard Curt say off to the side.

I didn't particularly care what he thought at that moment, he could've said that was revolting and I would've remained just as horny.

I was wearing a cargo button down shirt, rolled up at the sleeves. I felt her fingers tease the bare skin of my neck, traveling down to just under my collar. I didn't even think to be worried before it was too late, and she'd grabbed at my shirt to yank it open, popping the buttons. She looked down between us and clicked her tongue at me.

"No bra, again."

"I'm lazy," I reminded her before diving in for another liplock, my lips moving, hugging flush against hers.

I let her push the cargo off my slim shoulders and assisted in peeling them off my arms. I discarded them on the growing clothes pile in the corner of the room.

My fingers grazed her sides and she giggled. I smirked against her lips because I knew just how ticklish she was, and I was too evil to resist teasing her. I went further down to sneak my hands under her shirt, where her skin was smooth and taunt, to fiddle with her belly piercing.

Then Bailey was puling away, smiling up at me. She gave a quick peck to my cheek and whispered, "go give the ranga some affection."

I'd almost completely forgotten. I looked over to see Curt leisurely rubbing what looked to be a ferret in his pants.

So, I went over and gave him some affection.

Eventually, we were all naked, and Curt was lying on his back on the bed with me straddling his thighs.

His pubes were so fair, I thought his balls were shaved. He didn't smell as strongly as Bailey, then again I did enjoy Bailey's musky but sweet scent compared to his bitter cock, but regardless. I took each testicle into my mouth, one at a time, giving each one a good amount of sloppy, suckling love.

Bailey, meanwhile, was straddling his head. "Be a good boy and give a girl a licking, would you?"

He groaned appreciatively before pulling her down so she was sitting on his face. I stared at where his mouth connected with her joot, watching his tongue dart up to lap at the juices that leaked from her.

Meanwhile I'd been sucking him off, taking him deep into my throat on each downward bob. He was hard enough to drill through a brick wall, and quite impressive in width.

I gave one last suck to the head of his cock before I slipped a rubber on his shaft and positioning myself above him. For a split second, I was tempted to go down a different path, to have him enter a different hole, but I realised that I better not screw this up in any way.

I took him into myself easy enough. His cock was so warm, it was a nice change to the cold toys me and Bailey would have to heat up with special lube. It was nothing god sent, mind you, but it was pleasant. To assist the penetration, he bucked his hips, hitting balls deep inside me. I gasped at the sudden movement, feeling taunt in my stomach.

Me and Bailey were facing each other. At my open mouth expression, she just grinned sexily, bit her lip piercing, before leaning forward to kiss me.

It was sloppy and wet, but made me hotter than the coals of hell, as I rode his cock in slow undulating circles.

Poor guy was working his ass off to keep us both happy, while we just adored each other on top of him.

Fastforwarding us back to the following weekend, lying on the bed naked, just me and her, I repeated; "It was alright."

She shook her head, "You're so fussy. What would've made it better?"

"Well I..." I fidgeted under her, "...I kind of prefer...uh...anal."

She raised an eyebrow, "You prefer it?"

"Yeah my last boyfriend kind of got me into it..." I admitted to her, "...it was really uncomfortable the first few times, but after a while I started wanting it over - you know - vaginal."

That wasn't a common preference, I knew that, so I was worried about her reaction. However, she just grinned at me and said, "So you really like it when I play with your arse?"

My face suddenly felt really warm somewhere around the cheekbones, "Yeah...yeah, I really do. I still dig the normal route, in fact DP has got to be one of my biggest fantasies..."

She kissed me on the forehead and whispered, "Roll over, then. I've got a treat for you."

With a slightly queasy feeling settling in my stomach, I obeyed.

She went over to her wardrobe and got out a butterfly-print box with a golden latch on it. She squatted down so I couldn't see what was inside when she opened it. I noticed for the first time that she had f-hole tattoos on her back, giving the impression of a cello. It reminded me of a famous photograph I couldn't remember the name of.

She flicked her dreadlocks away from her shoulder and looked back at me to say, "This is a surprise, so bury your face in the pillow or something."

Always the obedient pup, I did just that and was greeted with the all-encompassing scent of Bailey. A few moments later, I felt her gently take one of my hands and pull it towards the headboard.In the next moment a handcuff snapped around my wrist.

I went to raise my head but she just shoved me back down.

"Not yet," she purred, locking both my hands to the headboard. "You shared one of your kinks, now let me tell you about one of mine."

She had me raise my hips so she could place a bolster cushion underneath me, making my arse stick in the air.

She slapped it and giggled, "Nice."

'fu' off." I muffled.

She laughed and moved down my body to cuff my feet to the foot-board.

"Okay, you can raise your head now."

I did, gasping for breath and looking over my shoulder. I was locked down, spreadeagled on the bed like a woman waiting for a racking. Bailey was standing to the side, looking like a goddess, and holding a present for me.

"You familiar with these?" She asked, holding up the clear buttplug.

"Honestly never tried them." I told her.

"lucky you."

She climbed on the bed behind me, making the mattress dip. I pulled at my wrists and feet, testing the restraints, but nothing holds like metal.

She grinned devilishly and I had to crane my head to see her now. One of her hands were completely out of my line of sight. I'll admit, that made me uneasy, but excited.

"Careful, bub," she said, "you might leave a mark struggling like that."

"I just hope you're going to give me a safe word."

"oh, I'm not that hardcore, relax." She gave a wink, still holding the toy up like a trophy to be bestowed, before slapping me on the ass hard enough that I yelped. "But just in case; you say 'uncle', alright?"

I chuckled, blushing. "Alright."

Then her fingers were on me, rubbing me just right, and I let my head drop on the pillow. I gave up all my sobriety, just as I had been doing so many times with Bailey now.

The clear plug dived down to join her other hand, and she eased it inside of me.

When my slick cunt had swallowed the whole thing, she left it there, and thanks to gravity, it rested pressed against the wall of my pubic bone. It left a dull ache in me. When she touched my clit though, I squeezed around it and nearly yelped.

"You good, bub?" She asked. "I know it's a bit big."

"I'm good...! Uuhn...all good..." I breathed.

She kept rubbing me in slow circles for a while. Then she slowly retracted it from my cunt.

Without something inside of me, I felt empty. I wasn't left feeling that way for very long though. Now she travelled up my crack to my other hole. Lubricated from being in my cunt, it took only a slight bit of pressure for it to prod past the tight ring of my anus, and sink inside.

"aahhnn!" I groaned out when I felt it invade me, heavy and odd yet oh-so-good.

I looked back to see it completely buried in me down to it's glossy base.

"Fit like a glove," She grinned, kneading one of my round cheeks in her hands.

She slapped the end of the plug and I jolted. "AAah!"

The feeling of my ass being so full made my whole body quiver. I couldn't squeeze down. Every time I did, I could feel it in there. Every slap she gave forced me to tense, and it sent uncontrollable quakes through my thighs and abdomen.

"Wow..." She whispered slipping her fingers down to my hungry lips, "...you've never been this wet before."

I just moaned at her. As she rubbed me, and slapped me, I stared at the bohemian beads across the room, enraptured by it all. I inhaled the scent of vanilla, and like one of Pavlov's dogs, the smell conditioned me to salivate and quake with something even hotter than lust.

Then Bailey leant over me, her locks tickling my spine.

She kissed the back of my neck and husked, "I'll be right back."

I watched her walk over to her treasure chest and get something strange. At first, I thought it was a chastity belt, which couldn't have been more ironic if I'd tried.

It was something like a leather jockstrap for a dominatrix, made from the buckles and flaps of Joan Jett's jacket. Sticking out from the crotch in a very blunt and horny way, was a thick, clear dildo. A mirrored version of the cock was erected on the seat of the pants, which — when she clicked a special little button — vibrated.

She swiftly inserted the vibrator into her pussy before strapping on.

"I didn't think you were the type," I panted, getting increasingly more excited as she approached the bed once more.

"Neither did I, you." She purred. "I can always appreciate an anal fan, though."

She seated herself between my restrained legs, and swiftly entered my cunt. I gasped and my hands squeezed into tight fists. Having both holes occupied was an experience I could never let down.

When inside me, she turned the vibrator up, the hum of it increasing with the pitch of the moan it forced out of her.

"Here we go." She said.

Here we go, I echoed in my thoughts, gripping onto the chain of my cuffs until they grew warm in my palms.

She rode me slow and smooth at first, easing in and pulling out with controlled, sensual rolls of her hips. As she moved, the buzzing noise of the vibe fluctuated like an angry beehive on a carousel. Not to mention, with the vibrations being so powerful, I could feel them travel along the fake cock, making my insides quiver.

I moaned and whimpered uncontrollably into the pillow as she fucked me, slowly gaining speed and power. She pulled all the way out, then slammed back into me.

Soon she was working her core strength to give it to me like a proper animal.

"Ahh! Ahh, ooh, fuck Ahh!" The beehive morphed into the rev of some angry machine. She just about drove me into the mattress and out of my mind.

I'd never made so much noise before in my life. It just seemed to keep going, I was being brought higher and higher, my skin dancing with a prickling sort of electricity as I approached a crescendo of sensation...!

Then suddenly her voice caught on a moan, and she stopped thrusting. Her hips threw themselves forward in a final jolt, then stilled completely. She held herself there, panting, quivering and pressed up against me. I felt her soft, small breasts against the curve of my back, and it was just so nice, I could've cried.

I took the moment to try and collect my brain again, enjoying the gentle thrumming that was going on in my body, before turning my head to look over my sweaty shoulder at her. From this angle all I could see was a nest of dreadlocks and her thin, freckled shoulders. I could also see the wiry muscles in her arms, and I remembered how strong she was.

"Sorry..." She whimpered after a moment, clicking off the vibrator, and raising her head. She looked flushed and her mouth hung slightly open in typical post-orgasmic fashion. "I just...uh...did you finish?"

"No..." I moaned, squirming underneath her for more.

Let it never be said that Bailey wasn't polite. "Okay, got you, babe."

She quickly pulled out from inside me, and a moment later, her mouth had surrounded my cunt. I was being driven up the wall again with acute pleasure.

She worked her magic, like she always did. Right when I entered my high, she'd pulled the plug out, and it shocked the delicate nerves in my ass.

I came hard, tugging on my restraints, my stomach tensing, before my body turned to putty on the bed. Bailey just kept going on, and it was more than my overly sensitive clit could handle.

"Oh! Oooh...ow, stop - ow, I'm done...ooohh shit..." I whined, squirming on the sheets.

She gave a rasp little giggle down by my privates before she got up. The cool air hit my tired, drooling pussy.

I heard her removing the strap-on and letting it drop to the floor. A moment later she was releasing me from my restraints. I was bone tired. Absolutely drained. I still managed to roll over. I was on my back, staring up at her as she unlocked the last handcuff.

A click and it was off. Immediately l brought her down for a cuddle. She collapsed on top of me in a bundle of tired, giggly bones. She was surprisingly light. I kept forgetting she was so much smaller than me, in terms of both weight and height. Whenever we were in a room together, she seemed to fill out every corner and push against the walls, while I deflated into a little speck on the floor.

"Enjoyed that did you, bub?" She whispered to me in that husky tone I was beginning to crave hearing everyday.

"Indeed I did." I replied.

I found myself staring at her lips...they were flushed and wet from going down on me. They were so plump too...they're fleshiness contrasted with the hard, shiny metal of her lip piercing.

I wanted a kiss.

I raised my head up off the pillow to catch one off her and she delivered it gladly, with a bit more tongue than usual. I could taste myself on that sneaky muscle as it slipped inside my mouth.

Our lips separated and Bailey sighed. "I really like you, Sam."

"You do?" I asked, touching her sharp cheekbone.

She smiled under my hand, and it seemed to be very sensitive. As if just that little smile took a lot of courage to show me. "I really do."

I stilled. I was touched to say the least.

Then I realised "flattered" shouldn't be the only thing felt when someone confesses while lying naked on top of you, naked bosom against naked bosom.

I felt horrible, because although I liked Bailey as well — I liked her a lot — I got the feeling she was more attached than I was at this point.

"I like you too." I replied bashfully, though it felt like a lie just hanging there in the air, so I added, "I hope I like you even more in the future."

She studied my face, looking for something there, before letting her smile cool down to a sad tilt of the lips. "Yeah, me too."