 Writer's Note:

Aussie slangs -

Durry - Cigarette

Joot - Vagina

Cuppa - Cup of tea

Bub - Babe or 'Baby Girl'

Cunt - Popular Australian word for 'Cunt'

Anything else, just let me know. Feel free to criticize as well. Enjoy!

*****

I was at another girl's flat - Bailey's flat. This time, it was with the intention to have a platonic talk.

Bailey was at the party where I'd had my first lesbian experience. She was playing a game of chicken against a rugby fanboy (sandwiching the burning end of a durry between their arms. First one to pull away lost) while I was eating out the hostess upstairs.

Bailey was the reason I was at that party to begin with, and the only person there who knew me as Sam. Yes — my real name is Sam. Bailey had gone as Roberta. It's what she does; make up names for no other reason than she can.

Bailey's entire flat was a mirror of herself, so when you walked in, you immediately got the picture of what kind of person she was. No matter how high strung you were, when you stepped inside her place, all you wanted to do was curl up on the shag carpet and fall asleep. It might be the vanilla incense that she had burning in every room, or the bohemian door beads, or all of the many bits and bobs she had advertised all over the place. 

Bailey herself was just as exotic and decorated, being a frail thing in large sweat pants and a loose top. Her sharp face was pierced in the nose and lip, and framed by a mane of dreadlocks. She was naturally very pale, but she'd traveled a lot and spent a decent amount of time in the sun, which resulted in tanned shoulders and a plethora of freckles. 

We were talking on her large bed. Bailey sat cross-legged and listening intently, looking completely at ease with herself and the world. It made me wonder if she was high while we were talking. 

"I really don't get why you're freaking out so much," Bailey told me in that slow, husk tone of hers, "I mean, it's 2016, people are more accepting of gays then ever."

"But I'm not gay, Bailey. I love guys and...and I fuck blokes! That's it!" I said for the umpteenth time.

She sighed. "You're bi then."

"Well, I'm not sure about that..."

"Okay, so you're a straight girl who got curious. It happens, bub." 

It was the most likely of all the conclusions, but I didn't want to be that either. She knew it too and I told her as much.

"Well, did you enjoy it?" 

I covered my eyes and mumbled, "...I honestly can't even remember."

"Do you think you'll try it again?"

"Oh god, Bailey, I have no idea. That's what's freaking me out. I don't know what-..."

"Well, what does it matter as long as you had fun?"

That was an irresponsible way to think, but it calmed me down a bit. What was the harm if I liked it? If it was just a bit of fun?

"Yeah, I think...yeah, you're right." I said.

She smiled and waved her hand as if to say, 'and there you go!'

I just stared at her feet, unable to look her in the eye. I don't know why, but they just looked really nice. The nails were painted orange.

Her toes curled, before she asked, "So are we going out for lunch or what?"

I blinked before saying, "Oh, yeah, sure."

So we hopped up out of bed and went out for lunch. After all, it was the only reason she was agreeing to hang out during what she called 'Chill day' which consisted of her doing absolutely nothing on a Sunday. 

The weather was a little cool but the air was still. We fought over who should pay before deciding (of course) it was going to be me, for interrupting chill day. She made me listen to Iggy Pop while we ate in the food court.

"So..." she began. "Did she ever...you know...pay you back?"

I look her in the eye — her big, hazel eyes — and innocently ask, "What do you mean?"

"I mean, did she lick your joot or what?" 

'Lust for life' was blaring in my left ear, as we were sharing the earbuds. I looked around to make sure no one had heard what she just said and wasn't looking at us funny. "Uh...no...she didn't."

She clicked her tongue, "Rude."

"I know right?"

She bit her lip and said, "Say...you know I'm bi, right?"

I nodded slow, "yeah, that's...kind of why I came here and talked to you about all this."

Her smile grew, "And you know you're gorgeous...right?"

"Well that's debatable."

Her smile dropped. "What?"

Uh-oh. "I mean..." Oh god, was she angry? Why was she angry? "I'm not pin-up girl material, let's just say that."

Suddenly she was up and yanking my earbud out. She was a whole lot faster than I'd pegged her to be.

"C'mon." she said curtly.

"Okay." I didn't have the guts to say no.

So I got up holding my half-finished chai in one hand as she lead us through the mall to the first shop she saw. She weaved through all these clothes, not stopping to look at one. I just followed like a dog. 

She took me by the hand and placed me in front of a full-body mirror. 

"Okay" She said, trying to be firm by holding onto my shoulders. "Take a good look at yourself."

"Yeah, I'm looking." I told her, staring at my awkward reflection. 

"Well, what do you see?"

"I see a gorgeous hippy chick and some gawky looking bitch."

"Give me some specifics on the awkward one." 

"She's a good head taller than the hippy."

"That you are, but what else?"

I roll my eyes. "She's...blonde, got short hair, big hips and bad posture. She's wearing a T-shirt and no bra because she's lazy...a pair of acid washed jeans...okay, she looks alright but nothing special."

"You get a C grade for that description."

"What d'you mean? What have I possibly left out?"

She stood on her tippy-toes so her lips were at my ear. Our eyes met in the reflection, hazel clashing with pale green. She was so close I couldn't smell anything but vanilla.

She huskily whispered, "You're fucking gorgeous, Sam. That's what you're not seeing here. I see it all the time..."

I was warmed from the inside out. That familiar desire — the emotions I'd only felt in the depths of a drunken stupor — snapped awake like a glow stick. All I wanted was her; to know what her skin felt like, what her breasts looked like unclothed and to get to know them like I knew my own body.

I could see in her fox-like eyes that my thoughts weren't private. I was an open book to her. Hell, I was a fucking audiobook at this point. My face flushed red and she was kissing the side of my neck and...oh god...

I pulled away and stopped looking at the mirror — at myself — and mumbled something about needing the loo. 

I went to the public bathroom — throwing my cup of chai in the bin on the way — and hurried inside.

I locked the door and sat on the toilet with my pants down, though I didn't need to go. I wiped anyway and found that I was creaming with arousal. 

"Fuck..." I said. 

There was a knock on the door followed by a hesitant, "Sam? You alright, bub?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." I said.

A small pause. 

"Sorry if I scared ya, Sam."

I laughed. "You didn't, now stop talking. I'm trying to go here."

"Oh-ho...right, well...I'm heading back to the car. Keep in mind I drove you here so — no — you can't bail on me. Meet me in the car park when you're done."

"No worries, see you in a bit." I called out.

I heard her walk off and sighed. I tried to figure out what the hell I was going to do. Bailey was a very open girl, so I already knew about the ways she swung, but I had no idea she was interested in little ol' me. I mean, I was Sam. I'd chosen the name 'Roxy' that night because it sounded interesting. Obviously, I'm not interesting. 

I also knew that Bailey was seeing three other people already, all of them aware of each other, and everyone totally cool with it. Commitment wasn't an issue...so what was?

I guess I just didn't know who I was or what I wanted at the time.

Luckily I didn't let it haunt me for long. I got up and pulled on my big-girl panties and washed my hands without needing too.

Back outside, the day was getting warmer. Bailey drove up along side me while I was scanning the lot for her car. 

She honked the horn and said in a nasally voice, "Hop in, hot stuff. I'll pay ya fifty bucks for a rim job." 

"Fuck off." I laughed, but I blushed anyway, getting in the little shit box of a car. 

She drove us to her house, still managing to strike up a decent conversation with me despite the days events. When we got there, she played the same Iggy Pop album, this time on a record player. 

"By all means, Bailey," I told her dropping my bag at her bedroom door, "Play the same fucking songs over and over again. I'm sure to never get bored of it."

"Too right." she told me flopping down on her bed.

Her eyes were closed and her cute little toes were wiggling to the song. I couldn't help but smile looking at her.

I remembered what she'd said to me in the clothes shop. I remembered how potent my reaction was. I remembered wanting to get to know her more. The scent of Bailey was infused in every particle of the air. The room was a pocket of her soul...if that makes any sense. 

Fuck it, I decided.

I walked to the bed, leaned over, and kissed her before she could open her eyes.

I heard her sharp inhale of breath. Even so I never faltered as my lips moved against hers. For the first few seconds, I wasn't feeling it. I was thinking this was all a mistake. 

But then she moved with me. Her lips pursed and slow-danced against mine, soft and wet. Her fingers carded in my hair, and mine smoothed down her sides. She was so thin, but wiry. She was a deceptively strong girl, and that much was made clear very suddenly to me.

I was yanked onto the bed. Before I knew it I was beneath her and she was straddling me. I felt trapped by what I'd instigated, but I kind of liked the thrill of it: being powerless. She grinned down at me and whispered, "You horn dog." before latching her rouged lips onto the side of my neck.

She started grinding her crotch against my thigh. 

"I'm sorry," I chuckled, "who's a horn dog?" 

Her knee parted my legs, and soon she wasn't the only one who couldn't control her hips.

She started to suck on that spot, and I cried out a little at the dull pain. When she pulled away, I knew there was going to be a big fucking hickey there. 

"What was your name again...?" She grinned, "...Roxy, right?"

I shook my head, "Just call me 'Sam'."

She gave me a quick peck on the lips before her hands found their way under my shirt. Every inch of my skin was crawling by the time she found my bare tits. Mate, was I glad I wasn't wearing a bra that day. 

She pulled my top off over my head before giving my nipples a quick flick. They perked up within seconds. She attached those lovely, pierced lips to my left one first, licking wet circled around the nub. I watched her entranced. 

She kissed her way to the other nipple. Cold air hit the wet one and made me sigh, while the other was enveloped in a hot mouth. Her fingers were cupping my breasts, feather-light, while her finger moved up to tentatively play with the tip of my wet nub. She was still rubbing herself against my thigh. I swear I could feel her juices through her pants now. 

I'd just realised how unfair that was. I pulled at her loose pants until they'd folded over her bum, baring her orange panties.

She looked up at me through her eyelashes, and I was reminded of the chick from The Party. I tried to get rid of her from my mind. This was Bailey now. Not some random sheila I got drunk and fooled around with. This was the girl I'd been best friends with since Primary School. The one who held my hand through all my awkward insecurities and my self-destructive silence. 

Now she was helping me through this.

She sat back with my hands still touching her hips, unable to bring myself to not touch her. She pulled her loose top off while I lied there drinking in the sight of her. 

All those freckles were like constellations on her skin. The clusters were mainly on her shoulders and chest, following along her collarbone. Her stomach meanwhile, was taunt and pale. There was only one, lone speck - a sort of beauty mark - to the left of her naval. 

Her breasts were so white — barely C-cups — and gorgeous. She was absolutely gorgeous. 

She took my hands and guided them up to her breasts, so I could have a feel of her. God, they were so soft. It was different to touching myself, and I didn't know why but I liked it.

"You like the look of me, I take it?" She asked when she saw the way I was staring at her. 

"Yeah...you're gorgeous." I admitted.

She grinned. I pinched her nipple and made her yelp. 

"Don't let it get to your head." I warned.

She gave an evil little cackle, "Too late, bub."

The sexy young woman glanced down and started playing with the seams of my jeans. 

"She never payed you back, huh?" She mumbled as she started unbuttoning me.

"no..."

"Well, I better pick up the slack for her."

Before I could really say yay or nay she had my pants around my knees in one swift tug. One more and they were by my feet. I helped by kicking them off, but my knickers were still on. She laid down between my legs, so her face was hovering above my crotch. I could feel her warm breath on me through the fabric of my undies.

I was struck by how quickly these turn of events had taken the sexual route, but I wasn't going to start complaining now.

She grinned up at me and purred, "I've wanted to do this for a while now."

She kissed me there, through my undies, and I whispered, "Have you?"

"Oh, yeah," she breathed, "you smell good too, by the way."

Unlike me, she didn't do any pantie foreplay. She slowly revealed my crotch, and when I was bare, she had them flung to the corner of the room quicker than she'd dealt with my jeans. 

She slowly dipped her head down, not looking anywhere else but at my cunt, as she gave one lick of her tongue at my clit. My toes curled, but I managed to relax.

She soon got to work. 

Like I'd mentioned, I'm a rather quiet person during sex, but I'm fidgety. So while Bailey was eating me out like a pro, I was squirming around on her bed, trying to keep still, as little keening whimpers came from my 'silent' mouth. 

I watched her content face as she lapped at my cunt, her eyes closed so her eyelashes fanned against her cheeks. I watched as that glistening tongue darted from between her lips, watched as that mouth closed; latched onto me and suckled on my juices. 

"Oh fuck, Bailey..." I breathed, smoothing my hands down my thighs, as too ease them of their quivering.

A lot sooner than I was excepting I felt myself approaching a climax. My eyes rolled into my head and my back began to arch off the bed. She was slowly stepping me up the rungs of a ladder. I knew when I reached the top, I was going to be flung off it. 

So I stopped her, and she looked up at me. She seemed worried, "Something wrong, bub?"

I shook my head and just said, "sixty nine?"

She grinned and nodded. We assumed the position after she'd taken off the rest of her clothes.

I was above her this time, licking her smoothly shaven cunt while I basically sat on her face. She was a lot like me; fidgety instead of loud, but I managed to get some noise out of her. I considered it pay back for what she was doing to me!

This time, when she was taking me up that ladder, I knew I was taking her up as well.

"Keep going bub...I'm gonna come soon!" she whispered.

"uhn...me too..." I told her.

We weren't there yet, we still had to work for it. I tried all of the techniques I had in my small arsenal of tricks. It seemed to be enough.

We didn't come together, she came first. While she was squirming and gushing, she was distracted from my cunt. I was so close, so I reached down and began to rub myself. I rolled off her as I felt my orgasm sank its teeth into me. 

I couldn't speak.

Still in the throws of her pleasure high, she rolled over after me. She gripped my thighs, kept them apart, and started plunging her tongue inside of me as I rubbed my clit. 

A word about Bailey: she played the guitar. Classical. So one hand had long fingernails for plucking the strings, while the other was always well-trimmed for playing the fret-board. 

She had one of those blunt fingers lubed from my cunt. Now, she was using it to play with my asshole.

"A-a-AAH!" I cried out, just about loosing my mind.

I bit into her thigh, gasping hard into her skin, and she bit me just the same. Then it was done. We both slowed, drowsily winding down from our cum-drunk state of mind. I smoothed my hand over the spot I'd bitten, which was showing some red teeth marks.  

Lying there, all I could smell was vanilla and pussy.

"That wasn't too bad now was it, bub?" She asked.

"No, not bad at all." I told her.

"So!" She chirped, slapping my ass before sitting up, "How about a cuppa?"

I flashed her a thumbs up. "Sounds golden." 

She gave me a lazy smile before getting up off the bed on shaky legs. She managed to leave the room with a swagger. I watched her cute, pale bum jiggle away. She looked back at me and winked before she went through the bohemian beads. 

I lied there naked with a content smile. I felt sexy and happy. At the time I wasn't thinking about her other lovers, as big of a problem as they'd soon become. Instead I was just thinking about her, and the place we'd just been in the high of sex. 

I decided I quite liked this feeling, sexuality be damned.