 After the huge response I got from the last two installments I am continuing the story from my third visit to the clinic. This like the other two is true it really did happen to me.

Another four weeks had past and I was now a total convert to pee play. Every day since my last visit to the clinic I would piss in my hands, piss on myself in the bath, and fill my panties every chance I could get and squeeze the pee into my mouth. Sometimes I would be at the shops and wet my panties and just walk around in them for the rest of the day. I had become very good at controlling my bladder and I loved the desperation. My husband still sexually satisfies me between clinic visits but still doesn't know about my fetish. 

As before I arrived with 5 minutes to spare with a full bladder (I'm starting to get good at holding two litres of water). The clinic was empty except for Sandra and the office girl. Sandra walked up to me and dragged me to one side and told me, that the owner of the clinic was here today doing the ultra sounds as she needed to keep up with her practical side of the business. I was devastated I couldn't believe it I was so horny and wanted Sandra so bad I asked her what we could do. She said she would try and see if she could do it as it was the last one if the day. Just then the owner appeared and said "You must be Michelle go straight in". As I went into the room I heard Sandra asking if she could do the ultra sound, but the owner said no and asked her to lock up and finish off her paper work.

As the owner walked into the room I noticed Sandra peaking through the half open door with that look of sexual frustration, I had the same look. As the owner sat down I looked at her nametag it said her name was Jane. She was dressed in a lovely white blouse and black skirt. I found out later she was 40 years old and had built the clinic up from scratch. She is quite an attractive woman still with a tight body for her age, dark hair and green eyes. She asked me if I had any problems with my pregnancy, which I answered no too. She lowered the bed right down so It was at her waist height and asked me to lift my dress so she could get started. Luckily I had on a pair of white cotton panties today as I wanted Sandra to suck my piss through them, but that was not going to happen. 

Jane lubed up my stomach and started to probe me with the sensor. She was a lot more forceful than Sandra and she liked to press it hard on my bladder. I pulled my legs up to relieve the pressure but I released a small squirt straight into my panties. The pain now was very real as Jane was pressing harder and another squirt escaped. The front of my panties were soaked and I could fell a puddle forming around my ass. I was squeezing my muscles trying to hold it in, I didn't want to piss everywhere in front of Jane. I could see Sandra every now and then poke her head in the door to see what was happening. A few more minutes had past and Jane said that we were finished and that everything was fine and the baby was doing well. I could see Sandra in the doorway pointing to the toilet giving me a sign. I asked Jane if I could go the toilet now and she said "Just let me clean off the lube on your stomach first".

My eyes popped out of my head as Jane stood up and faced me, she lifted her skirt and started to piss all over my stomach and wash away the lube. What was happening here how did she know about my piss fetish. Her warm golden liquid was pouring out of her pussy all over my stomach and my panties. I spread my legs as I watched Jane's piss dwindle and just let rip with mine. The force was so strong that it was arching out of my panties all over the bed. Jane leaned down and put her face in the stream trying to swallow what she could. Then all of a sudden I felt more piss spraying over me as I looked over and saw Sandra standing behind Jane spraying her piss all over Jane's back.

Jane started moaning to Sandra to piss all over her ass and then suck her to orgasm. I don't think Sandra needed to be told twice as her piss flow slowed to a dribble and her mouth was on Jane's pussy licking and sucking all her and Jane's combined fluids. This was a dream come true for me watching and participating in such an erotic act as Sandra licked Jane, and Jane sucked me as I filled my panties with hot sticky cum. As Jane was finishing me off I noticed Sandra had inserted her vibrator into Jane's ass as her lower body shook and she screamed into my crouch as she too came violently in Sandra's mouth. Jane sucked a big mouthful of my piss from between my legs and turned around and kissed Sandra allowing my piss to flow into her mouth. It was so hot watching them share my piss in there mouths.

Sandra was the only one that had not cum yet so I got up and stripped her bare and laid her down on the piss soaked bed and tried to suck her insides out through her pussy, as Jane fucked her mouth with her tongue and pinched her nipples hard. It didn't take long for her body to spasm and fill my mouth with her cum and then I washed it down as she squirted her remaining piss into my mouth. For the next two hours we swapped positions in every way we could think of. I've never cum so many times in such a short period I lost count after 6 but the last cum I had was my very first multiple orgasm. (I want to experience more of them). 

After we all cleaned up I asked Jane how she knew I had a piss fetish. She told us that a month ago she had to come to the office to get some paperwork after hours. And when she let herself in she heard somebody moaning one of the rooms and peaked in to see, Sandra standing over me from behind pissing all over me and then go down on me. Jane also told us that in the early days of the clinic she too had experienced similar things with a couple of clients. But she put a stop to it because she was afraid it would hurt her professionally. But when she saw us two going at it - it brought back all those memories and she sneaked out quietly. She also said that she wet her panties on the way home in the car and masturbated to orgasm all before she got home. Jane told me she deliberately came in today to do the ultra sounds to the disappointment of Sandra hoping it would end up like this, which is why she had a change of cloths with her. 

We were all dressed and ready to leave and I asked Jane if she would be at my next ultra sound, and she said only if Sandra and I didn't mind sharing. We looked at each other and walked over to Jane. I slid my tongue into her mouth and Sandra slid her hand up under her skirt and said to her "only if you show me your ultra sound technique tomorrow" which she quickly agreed to.

I'm grateful for all the E-mails. Please keep sending them to keep me excited and spur me on to complete the next round.