 This is the second installment of my ultra sound test. I had hundreds of e-mails asking me to write this so I will continue it on from my second visit to the clinic. This story like the first (The Ultra Sound Test) is true it really did happen to me.

* * * * *

4 weeks had past since my last visit to the clinic and all I had been thinking about was what happened last time. I hadn't seen Sandra since then but she was all I could think about. I'd never been into pee play before that day but now I was hooked. Almost every time I went to the toilet I would slid my hand between my legs and let my piss run through my fingers and then masturbate to orgasm. Sometimes I would slip my wet fingers into my mouth and taste myself. I found by drinking lots of fluid, my pee would become very diluted and the taste was quite pleasant. I even lay down in the bath and raised my hips off the floor and pissed all over myself. The sexual turn-on was incredible. My husband knows nothing about it yet because I'm not ready to share this with him. 

I arrived at the clinic at 4.55pm; I had only drunk a litre of water 30 minutes ago and still had a full bottle to drink. I knew Sandra told me to drink 2 litres 1 hour before but I knew I couldn't hold it for that long. I stood out the front and downed the other litre and went in. The place was empty except for the office girl and me. I gingerly sat down and waited. Suddenly Sandra appeared from the room with another patient and she smiled at me and said to go straight in. As I was waiting in the room, I heard Sandra say to the office girl that she could go home for the day, as she would lock up when she had finished. My pussy was wet (but not from pee) I was so excited the place to ourselves and no interruptions.

A few minutes passed and Sandra walked in, she asked me to get up on the bed. I thought she was a bit cold towards me thinking maybe I misread her before but I thought I would find out. I was wearing a summer dress, hold up stockings and nothing else, I wanted to look sexy for her. I removed my dress completely and lay down on the bed naked. Sandra turned to face me and I could see her eyes widen but she said nothing and continued to place the gel on my stomach. As she placed the sensor on me she asked if I had drunk the 2 litres of water she told me to do, as she needed good pictures. I told her that I had and that I was busting more now than the last time. As Sandra was probing me, I noticed she was glancing at my crouch every now and then. I think she noticed I had shaved my pussy lips since my last visit and that they were all ready swollen waiting to be touched. As before I raised my legs up to try and take the pressure off but with twice as much fluid, it was becoming hard. 

Sandra seemed to finish quickly this time and I was ready to start the fun when she told me to lie on my front with my bum raised, as she needed to do a rectal ultra sound. I asked her if this was normal and she told me it was easier to see the back of the baby from behind. (I found out afterwards she made up the story to get me to turn over) As I lay my head on the pillow I raised my ass and spread my legs, the pressure was relieved a little, as the baby was now hanging down and not squashing my bladder. Sandra went around behind me and slowly started to rub lube on my asshole. I could feel the heat of her touch as she lightly probed my ass with her finger. I felt a small squirt of pee escape my pussy and drop onto the bed but Sandra didn't react. Then I felt the sensor slowly entering my asshole. As my ass swallowed it, I started to pant and moan at the sensation as Sandra pushed it in and twisted it around. 

Then all of a sudden I felt this vibration in my ass then I realised that it was no sensor but a vibrator. As Sandra was pulling it in and out of my ass, I moaned to her I was going to piss myself. She told me to hold it in a little longer. (I think she gets off on the desperation part). I held onto it a little longer as she reamed my ass with the vibrator but the time had come for release. I slid my hand under me and spread my lips and grunted as I let go. The force of my pee jetted out spraying Sandra in the chest as it ran down the front of her lab coat. Then she leaned forward and placed her mouth over my leaking cunt and started to drink all of my piss. As she was drinking, I started to rub my clit wanting to cum in her mouth just like last time. There was so much piss that she couldn't take all of it as it poured out of her mouth and pooled around my knees on the bed. 

I was in heaven my big hard nipples brushing on the bed sheet as my piss subsided and I was about to cum in Sandra's mouth yet again, when all of a sudden Sandra stood up and told me to lie down on my back. I was so close to cumming that I pleaded with her to finish me off. She growled at me and I remember her saying " do as you are fucking told and get on your back". I was scared now I'd never seen this side of her before. I thought about getting out when, I looked up and saw her standing behind me on a small stool, she had unbuttoned her soaked lab coat (she was stark naked underneath) reached down and pulled her pussy lips wide and started spray warm piss all over me. (She had removed her cloths outside after the office girl had left unbeknowence to me) 

I have never felt anything so intensely erotic before as Sandra painted my body, face, and hair with her sweet urine. I tried to catch as much in my mouth as possible, as my fingers were furiously rubbing my cunt to get off. Sandra was moaning in ecstasy as she was rubbing her own clit. Then suddenly the flow stopped and I felt Sandra climb up on the bed with her knees either side of my chest. Her dripping pussy was directly over my face as she lowered her head and started to suck my pussy again. I looked up into her wet cunt only to have it spray more piss onto my face. I reached up and latched onto her pussy drinking directly from the source. I'd tasted my piss before but this was the first time I have drank somebody else's and it was like champagne tingling on my tongue and I wanted more. 

I had never touched or tasted another woman and I liked it. Running my hands over her soft ass cheeks as I pulled her deeper into my mouth, the feel of her nipples scraping on my belly and the way another woman knows how and were to touch. It was all too much as I screamed into Sandra's cunt as my body convulsed and I released a bucket full of cum into her mouth. This must have set Sandra off as the taste of her pussy changed from bitter piss to sweet cum as she pushed her pussy harder into my mouth and groaned as I swallowed and licked all of it. I slumped back down on the bed exhausted as Sandra got off me still wearing her piss soaked lab coat. I sat up and turned to her and said that I didn't get a chance to do an Ultra Sound on her as she promised me at my last visit. She leaned over the bed raising her ass in the air and said that I could give her a rectum probe just like she had done to me.

Over the next 1 1/2 hours we fucked each other in the ass, sucked each other's cunts, and pissed in each other's mouths. As I walked out of the clinic completely satisfied Sandra yelled out to me "same time next month" and I yelled back " I don't know if I can wait that long" as the door shut behind me. 

As this was my second visit and I had another 3 to go, I had no idea what to expect next time. I think I am falling in love with Sandra as she excites me sexual more than no other.

* * * * *

Please E-mail if you would like me to write the next chapter because I KNOW it will be good.